AWAKENED
(Prequel, Guardian Legacy)
§
Ednah Walters
Copyright © Ednah Walters 2013
Published by Firetrail Publishing at Smashwords


Reproducing this book without permission
from the author or the publisher is an infringement
of its copyright. This book is a work of fiction. The names 
characters, places, and incidents are products of the
author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real.
Any resemblance to any actual events or persons,
 living or dead, actual events, locale or
organizations is entirely coincidental.

Firetrail Publishing
P.O. Box 3444 Logan,
UT 84323

Awakened. Copyright © 2013 Ednah Walters
All rights reserved.
.

No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner
whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
For information e-mail address:
ednahyaauthor@aol.com.

Cover design by Margaret J McFarland
Published by Firetrail Publishing
Second edition: April 22nd 2013
Table of Content

Dedications
Acknowledgements
Other books
Glossary of Terminologies
Chapter 1.  The Voices
Chapter 2.  The Revelations
Chapter 3.  New Friends
Chapter 4.  The Trainees
Chapter 5.  A Demon Scout
Chapter 6.  Big Brother
Chapter 7.  The First Battle
Chapter 8.  Stand Back
Chapter 9.  The Dojo
Chapter 10.  Nosferatu 
Chapter 11. Betrayed
Chapter 12.  Weird or Demonic
Chapter 13.  First Date
Chapter 14.  Flying Under the Stars
Chapter 15. First Kiss, Truth at Last
Chapter 16.  The Meeting
Chapter 17.  School Dance and Demonic Boys
Chapter 18.  Crime and Punishment
Chapter 19.  Unexpected Disappearance
Chapter 20.  Prisoners
Chapter 21.  The Rescue Plan
Chapter 22.  The Second Battle
Chapter 23.  Valafar
Chapter 24.  The Battle of the Mages
Chapter 25.  The Final Battle
Epilogue
Biography
DEDICATION

This book is dedicated to my parents. Walter and Jane, who were always there for me. My husband, Mike, my daughters and son, who continue to carry on the tradition with love and understanding.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Thanks go to three wonderful ladies, Katherine Warwick (a.k.a. Jennifer Laurens), Dawn Brown and Teresa Bellew who were honest with their critiques, generous with their praises and never let me quit. I couldn’t have asked for truer friends and supporters on this journey.
To my editor, Kelly Hashway, I count my lucky stars for having connected with you. You are always spot on with your edits. Thank you.
A shout-out to May Novak for those brainstorming moments, endless hours spent reading and editing, and her patience when I needed to vent. Thank you for tying the ribbon on the package.
I owe Suzanne Lazear, Hasmi Ferguson and Gilliam Grey many, many thanks for their encouragement and suggestions. I’m especially thankful that my agent Leticia Gomez came into my life at just the right moment. Your enthusiasm is contagious.
Last, but not least, thanks to my husband Mike and my children, Margaret, Merab, Elijah, Joyce and Jannah, for their infinite patience. I do not know where I would be without you guys.



OTHER BOOKS:

The Guardian Legacy Series:

Betrayed (book one)
Hunted (book two)
Forgotten (coming 2015)

The Runes Series

Runes (book one)
Immortals (book two)
Grimnirs (A Runes book)
Seeress (book three)


The Fitzgerald Family series
(Writing as E. B. Walters)

Slow Burn (book 1)
Mine Until Dawn (book 2)
Kiss Me Crazy (book 3)
Dangerous Love (book 4)
Forever Hers (book 5)
Surrender to Temptation (book 6)
GLOSSARY OF TERMINOLOGIES

Fallen angels: Angels sent to earth by God to protect humanity who strayed and married humans.
Nephilim: The children from the union between fallen angels and humans.
Guardians: Good Nephilim.
Cardinals: Guardians with the ability to control energy, solids, water, air, time and psi/mind.
Civilians: Guardians with limited abilities who support the Cardinals financially and by monitoring demonic activities.
Hermonites/demons: Nephilim who can choose to be good or evil.
Primes: Powerful demons with the ability to control energy, solids, water, air, time and psi/mind.
Souled Demons/Neutrals: Demons and children of demons who have given up their evil ways and/or have no interest in hurting humans.
Neteru: Nephilim who don’t have the ability to shift into other beings or sprout non-human body parts.
Nosferatu: Vampire Nephilim.
Werenephil: Shape-shifter Nephilim.
Lazari: Werenephils that can shift into smoke-form.
Nephling: Nephilim with one pure human parent or grandparent.
Nature-benders: Nephilim with the ability to manipulate nature.
The Brotherhood: Short for the Brotherhood of Guardians—Souled Demons who live in a closed community with their own chosen leaders, and don’t side with wither Guardians or demons.
The Chosen One: The most powerful Guardian, prophesied to unite the Nephilim. 
Kris Dagger: A powerful dagger the Chosen One uses to channel and direct his or her psi energy.
Psi or psi energy: Psychic energy channeled by Nephilim.
Alrunes: soul mates.
Tartarus: The abyss where fallen angels and evil Nephilim can be sent.
Alphas: Energy balls created by Cardinal Energy Guardians.
Omegas: Energy balls created by ordinary energy demons.
Omnis: Energy balls capable of great destruction, produced by powerful demons. Only one person can destroy them—the Chosen One.
Teleport: Move from place to place by dematerializing and rematerializing.
Telegate: An energy pathway left behind when someone teleports.
Athame: a powerful dagger used by demons.

Chapter 1.  The Voices




Lil?
I stepped out of the shower and glanced across the kitchenette and the plaid sofas to my grandfather’s bedroom door. It was ajar, part of his bed visible. My hands tightened on the towel I’d wrapped around me. 
“Grampa?”
I’m not your grandfather. We need to talk.
My heart skipped a beat as the eerie words echoed inside my head. A spirit? Panic shot through me. I reached for the six-sided star amulet I wore around my neck, the green stone at the core cool and reassuring against my palm. I swallowed, closed my eyes tight, and held my breath. If I ignored him, he’d go away. They always did.
I know you can hear me, Lil. Say something.
My eyes snapped open. How did he know my name? Goose bumps spread across my skin and my chest hurt from holding my breath for too long. I sucked in air, my eyes darting around the trailer and my grip tightening around the amulet. Grandma had given it to me for protection against bad spirits, mulòs, as my people called them. It hadn’t failed me yet.
I don’t want to hurt you, Lil.
He read my thoughts, too? The fear streaming through me intensified. My breathing grew choppy, my heart threatening to jump from my chest. Of course he couldn’t have read my thoughts. Or could he? It didn’t matter. I refused to lose it. I had to do something, speak up for myself, but my vocals had seized up and my legs shook so hard I’d crumble on the trailer floor if I dared to move them. Why was this happening to me now? Most of the time, the voices were whispery, creepy, and the words jumbled up. And they always went away. Always. This one was so clear and persistent.
Lil?
“Go away!” I ducked inside my room, slammed the door, and pressed my back against it. I was shaking, and fear made me woozy. I shook my head to clear it.
I need your help.
“How could I possibly help you?” I yelled again.
Meet me at the raven tree and I’ll explain.
Meet with him? Was he nuts? I squeezed my eyes tight and blew my cheeks out as I exhaled. If only I’d talked to Grampa about hearing spirits.
He might have explained the rules, whether I could meet with one or not. Until two weeks ago, when I turned sixteen, I never believed in spirits or that Grampa could communicate with them. He’d told me about this ability so many times, a gift from his gypsy ancestors. I’d humored him and mumbled, “Cool.” But this wasn’t a gift or cool. Now that I could hear the voices, a curse couldn’t begin to describe it.
I soaked in the familiar things in my room and willed my heart to slow down to a normal rhythm. My gaze clung to pictures on my walls of people I’d met over the years and places I’d lived in or visited. Some of me and Grampa, laughing. I wanted to go back to those times. Things were normal then, and I wasn’t a freak. When was Grampa coming back? I needed him. Only he would go job hunting on a Sunday.
My eyes fell on the picture of my mother, framed and placed on its special spot on the computer desk by my bed. I took tentative steps away from the door, snatched the photograph up, and sat on the edge of my bed. I touched the cold glass surface with fingers that still shook. Mom’s dark hair tumbled down to her shoulders, her porcelain skin unblemished, and her green eyes twinkling with merriment.
“Did you hear voices, too?” Her smile indicated she couldn’t have. How I wished she was here now. Sadness wrapped around my throat, and each breath I took hurt. “I won’t cry. I won’t…I won’t…”
A tear slipped down my cheek. Annoyed, I swiped at it.
Tears wouldn’t bring Mom back or make me normal. Besides, I had Grampa. When I was a child and woke from nightmares, he rocked me back to sleep. When I fell from a tree and thought I’d broken my leg…when kids made fun of my hair…
Are you coming, Lil?
I gritted my teeth. Could someone kick a spirit? I hoped so, because if he continued to haunt me, I’d meet him just to knee him where it hurt the most.
I yanked clothes from the drawer above my bed and paused as another thought occurred to me. Could he see me? I glanced around. My bedroom was puny, the curse of living in a trailer. I couldn’t stretch my legs without hitting the chair or the wooden wall. It once had a bunk bed, but Grampa modified it. I now had a full bed with drawers under it and cupboards where the top bunker once occupied. The remaining space was just enough for a closet and a computer desk.
Still, I opened the closet door and peered inside. There was no place to hide unless he squeezed between layers of sweaters, jeans, and colorful gypsy skirts. Whatever form he took, he’d better not be watching me or else. I froze and strained to listen. Was that a chuckle?
I gripped the towel with one hand and struggled to put my panties on without exposing too much skin. Sweatpants and a large T-shirt followed. I rummaged through my jewelry box for charm bracelets and piled them on. A distant cousin of Grandma’s gave them to me and swore no bad spirits could harm me when I wore them. I hoped that was true now more than ever. I grabbed a hoodie and crept from my room to the window in the kitchenette.
I sat on the table and glared at the grove that shaded the left side of Deerland Park. The raven tree, he’d called it. A slash of green in the middle of brilliant fall colors, the weeping willow looked out of place and so ordinary, except for the ravens. They looked like black, shapeless objects, quiet and spooky. I wasn’t going to meet him. No way. I blinked when the birds took off in a flurry of movements as though something had spooked them.
The spirit.
I swallowed past a knot in my throat, and a shudder shook my body. Just my luck Grampa decided to relocate to this creepy valley. When we arrived here two days ago and he said we’d stay here for a while, I was thrilled. Cache Valley was gorgeous. Sun-kissed orange, yellow, and red leaves were everywhere—on the trees and bushes along the road, on the ground and the slopes of the mountains. The jagged edges of the tall ridges covered with clouds formed a wall around the secluded valley. It was as though God had made a mound of earth and then pressed his palm into it to create a little paradise. Yeah, some paradise.
I looked toward the entrance of the park for Grampa’s familiar blue truck. There was no sign of him. I was alone, and the decision to meet the spirit or not rested on me. The idea filled me with terror. I reached up to grip the amulet again, and the bracelets on my wrists jingled.
Please come, Lil. I need you. I’ve been holed up in this valley for days hoping to make contact with one of you. Now that I have, I can’t give up.
His voice wasn’t creepy anymore. He sounded so lost and forlorn. How could I resist his plea for help?
I can talk for hours, you know, and I’ve been told I’m very good at spinning a tale. The ravens, of course, don’t appreciate my talents but you…I don’t think you can get me out of your head. He chuckled. Oh, and my sister says I sing like an angel. She might be biased, but you can confirm it. So… What kind of music do you like? I do a mean rendition of—
“Shut up.” I covered my ears and ground my teeth, whatever sympathy I’d felt for him disappearing.
Why couldn’t he just leave me alone? My headache was back, this time worse than before. It always started before the voices and took forever to go away. Pain meds never helped either.
Does that mean you’re coming?
Like I had a choice. I scrunched my face and dropped my hands from my ears. One last glare at the willow and I slid off the kitchenette table, my heart starting an unsteady beat. “Fine. You win.”
Hurry.
I didn’t know anything about helping a spirit, even an annoying one, but I would try. If I couldn’t help him, I’d listen. Grampa and I moved from place to place so often, and I changed schools every year, so I knew how it felt to be lonely, to need someone to talk to. It was the price we paid for being part gypsy. And in my case, part whatever my father was—whoever he was.
Before I could change my mind, I scribbled a note to Grampa telling him where I’d gone and why. Just in case this spirit had another agenda that included me not coming back. Tucking my wet braid away from my face, I opened the creaky aluminum door and stepped down from the trailer. A prickling feeling on the back of my neck told me I was being watched. I swallowed and looked around.
Across the street, Kylie sat under a tree, iPod headphones in her ears. Her eyes were closed, so she couldn’t be the one watching me. I met Kylie Jensen when we arrived at the RV Park on Friday. In the last two days, I’d seen her around her home with two other girls or her family, and not once did she come near my trailer. Any hopes of us being friends were dwindling fast. With her heavy Goth makeup and black, spiky hair, Kylie was an oddball among her family members.
On the other hand, who was I to call her an oddball? My multi-colored red hair defied description. Not to mention my slanted green eyes, golden coloring, and five-foot-nine height. Most of the time, people stared at me and wondered what I am. When I said gypsy, eyes often drifted to my hair. Even I wondered where I got my crazy red colors.
I pushed my hands into the pockets of my hoodie and headed south past the other trailers. The park was alive with children playing under their parents’ watchful eyes. The smell of grilled hotdogs and burgers filled the air. I fought nausea, and despite the cool fall weather, sweat pooled under my armpit. I passed the last line of trailers.
The area between the compound and the line of trees was overgrown with wild grass and weeds, the ground uneven. The closer I got to the trees, the harder my heart thumped. I took a deep breath and tried to calm down.
Was I wrong to come here alone? I looked over my shoulder at the trailers. Grampa wasn’t back, but people were still outside. If the ghost turned out to be spiteful, I could scream. Still, fear twisted my insides into a knot.
Ten feet from the tree, I stopped. No eerie pale mass floated through the gold and orange leaves that fluttered to the ground. No transparent being, or whatever form spirits took, stood behind the droopy branches. I glanced around, my pulse an erratic rhythm at the base of my neck, but I didn’t see anything. And darkness was approaching fast. Not confidence-inspiring.
Over here, the voice said in my head.
I jerked around to look, my breath caught in my throat, but there was no one there. A shiver shook my body, and the sharp edges of my amulet dug into the palm of my hand as I clutched it with trembling fingers. Swallowing, I moved toward the tree.
“Where are you?” I called out, proud that my voice sounded calm and strong.
Up here.
I moved under the tree, looked up, and blinked. Holy smokes.

***

A guy about my age stared down at me with piercing eyes. I couldn’t tell their color, but with his flawless golden skin, chiseled cheekbones, and sculptured lips, he could grace any teen magazine cover. Or maybe not. His arched eyebrows and shoulder-length raven hair gave him an aura of someone who couldn’t be bothered with something as mundane as a photo shoot. And with the way he was perched on a branch, an arm resting on his bent knee and his back against the trunk, he looked solid. Even his skin glowed with life and contrasted with his black shirt and pants.
“About time,” he said in the now familiar, annoying voice. “What took you?”
My eyes widened. “Are you the ghost?”
“Ghost? Me?” Dimples flashed on his cheeks, and his lips parted to show a perfect row of sparkling teeth. Then he doubled over with laughter.
I clenched my jaw. This was a terrible mistake. I didn’t know how he projected his voice into my head, but this arrogant guy couldn’t need help from me. I turned on my heel to escape my stupidity.
“Whoa. Where are you going?”
I glared at him. “Home. I didn’t come here to be laughed at.”
He gave an apologetic shrug, though the corners of his lips still twitched. “Did you really think I was a ghost?”
Heat crawled up my cheeks. “Yeah. I heard your voice in my head. What else was I supposed to think?”
He frowned as though my response puzzled him. “That I use telepathy. Don’t you?”
“No.” I knew what telepathy was, but why should I use it? It wasn’t real, just a trick illusionists used to prey on their audiences. When Grampa worked for Stramboni Circus, he’d pretend to read people’s thoughts. And he’d make every trick seem real—he’d stop a dove in mid-flight and make it fly again, or he’d disappear from the stage and reappear somewhere else in the tent. Tricks of the trade he called them, yet the other performers could never figure out how he did it.
I studied the guy. “Are you Kalderasha?”
His right eyebrow lifted. “Are you serious? First I was a ghost, and now I’m a gypsy?” He sounded insulted.
Annoyance at his attitude coursed through me. I put my hands on my hips and narrowed my eyes. “Anyone should be proud to be a Kalderasha. We’re healers, alchemists, rune smiths, and…” Why did I bother to brag to him? “Never mind. Who are you? And what did you mean you need my help?”
“Come up here and I’ll explain.”
His tone indicated that he expected me to obey him. In his dreams. And staring up at him was starting to put a strain on my neck muscles. I rotated my shoulders, trying to work the kinks out. “You come down here and explain.”
He threw me a disgruntled look. “Don’t be scared of me, Lil. I wouldn’t hurt you.”
“You got that right.” I had nails and a whole arsenal of dirty, self-defense tricks Grampa had taught me.
“Arrogant little thing, aren’t you?”
“Takes one to know one.” And who was he calling little? I was five-nine. I needed answers, but there was no way I was scrambling up the tree and making a fool of myself.
“Chicken,” he said.
I squinted at him. “Are you listening to my thoughts? Because if you are, stop it.”
“Prickly, too.” In the blink of the eye, he disappeared from the tree branch. The next second, he was standing before me.
I gasped and took a step back. “How did you do that?”
“Do what?” He sat, crossed his legs, and leaned forward with his elbows resting on his thighs, his expression serene. He pointed at the ground. “Sit,” he ordered.
I hated to be told what to do, but this time I obeyed. Up close, I could see the colors of his eyes. They were a dazzling shade of green, too hard to describe. Emeralds were the closest thing I could think of. He was several inches taller than me, and beautiful couldn’t begin to describe him.
I crossed my arms, resisting the urge to touch him and make sure he was real. “You were up there, and then you were down here. How?”
One perfect eyebrow cocked. “I teleported.”
I blinked in confusion. “Tele-what?”
“Teleport, move from one place to another in the blink of an eye. Something our people do instead of using unreliable human machines.” He threw a mocking glance at the RV park, blew out his cheeks, and shook his head. “You don’t use telepathy and don’t teleport. I cannot believe the lengths Cardinal Guardians will go to hide their true identities. Are you a trainee?”
I had no idea what he meant, so I shook my head. “No.”
He frowned, eyes narrowing. “You are the granddaughter of Cardinal Psi Guardian Falcon.”
Cardinal sigh?
“Grampa is Ares Falcon not, uh, a Guardian.”
Relief flashed on his face, and he smiled. “For a second there, I thought I had the wrong Falcon. And your grandfather is a Cardinal Psi Guardian, no matter what alias he uses. Pretending to be a gypsy might be the perfect camouflage, but he’s still a Guardian. In fact, you can drop the act now, Lil. I’m one of you guys.”
This guy was delusional. I inched away, glancing behind me to make sure there were still people within screaming distance. “Listen. Grampa doesn’t use aliases. And he might communicate with spirits or Guardians, but he’s not one of them.” My voice rose.
He raised his hands in mock surrender. “Okay, okay, calm down. Kudos for having your story and sticking to it. I can’t imagine never using my powers or living like a nomad. So how old are you?”
I glared at him. “I’m not answering any more of your questions. Who are you?”
“Bran Llyr, nineteen-year-old Guardian-in-training at your service.” He bowed his head, but his twitching lips gave him away. He was getting a kick out of messing with my head. “And you’re…what? Seventeen? Eighteen?”
I looked older? Cool. I almost told him I was eighteen to mess with him, but I hated playing games.
“Sixteen,” I said and went back to studying him. The name Bran, unique and beautiful, suited him. I cringed. Was he in my mind? Did he read that? “The truth this time. How come you use telepathy and can do tricks? And what do you mean you need my help?”
He sighed. “I told you. I’m one of the Guardians, or if you prefer the old name, Nephilim.” He stressed his words as though talking to the village idiot.
Okay. It was never a good idea to provoke the crazies. I’d humor him for now. “What’s Nephilim?”
His eyes widened. “Are you serious?”
I crossed my arms and locked eyes with him.
He scowled. “So this is a test to see if I’m one of the soul reapers?”
“Excuse me?”
“If I were after your powers, we wouldn’t be seated here in broad daylight talking. I’d be in and out of your head so fast you wouldn’t know what hit you.”
I blinked at the anger in his voice, my mind spinning with the things he kept saying. And hovering in the background was concern for him. Maybe he was crazy and needed psychiatric help. If I had a cell phone, I’d call 911 right now.
“Why do you need my help, Bran?” I asked and smiled so as not to set him off again.
He saw through my ruse and threw me a disgusted look, but his voice was serious when he spoke. “I have a message for Cardinal Falcon. Tell him that Coronis has found a way to open the gateway to Tartarus and release the Damned Ones. He needs to alert the Circle of Twelve.”
Tartarus? Damned Ones? I shook my head. He was delusional.
“You want me to repeat it again?”
That was it. Not only was he creeping me out, he was the most arrogant guy I’d ever met. I jumped to my feet. “Listen. You’ve confused Grampa with someone else. He’s not a Cardinal anything, and he doesn’t know all these people you just mentioned. He’s a gypsy, okay?”
He groaned and rolled his eyes. “All Cardinal Guardians make up an ancestry so the world doesn’t know who they really are. There’re just so many years you can live with humans before they notice you age a lot slower than they do and you keep odd hours.”
Live among humans? I glared down at him. “Go to hell, Bran.”
His eyes rounded, his sculptured lips curling into an incredulous smirk. “Don’t you mean Tartarus? Hell is a human’s nightmare, not ours.”
I shot him a mean look. “Stay away from me. You need help? Dial 911. You want to talk to me, do it like a normal person. No more telepathy. I don’t know what spell you used on me, but you need to stop.”
He laughed and was on his feet before I could blink. “Spells are nothing but mere tools illusionists use to fool gullible humans.”
I growled and turned, almost tripping on the uneven ground as I stomped away.
“Lil?”
From his voice, he was hot on my trail. Panic surged through me. I walked a little faster. “Stay. Away. From. Me. ”
“Will you give him my message?” he said from behind me.
“Why should I? I don’t believe anything you’ve told me.”
“Why not? I use telepathy and can teleport—things only our people can do.”
“That doesn’t mean Grampa is a Cardinal whatever or one of the…the…”
“Nephilim. Ask him who he is, Lil. Who you are. Maybe then you’ll believe me and give him my message.”
I ignored him, wishing I could sprint away. But I knew if I attempted it, my shaking knees wouldn’t support me and I’d fall flat on my face. And I didn’t want the gorgeous, but crazy, Bran Llyr to see that.
“Haven’t you ever wondered why he’s been dragging you all over the country?” Bran asked, his voice deepening with frustration.
“Because he’s a true gypsy and wanderlust is in his blood,” I threw over my shoulder and picked up my pace.
Bran passed me and walked backward, his gaze on my face. “Your grandfather is a Cardinal Psi Guardian trained to hunt down Hermonites or, as humans call them, demons. He needs to be on the move, and no group of people moves around more than circus gypsies.”
My loving grandfather a demon-hunter? No way. I stumbled, almost twisting my ankle in my haste to get away from Bran. “Grampa was an illusionist, the best any circus ever had.”
“And why do you believe that? Because everything he did was real, that’s why.”
Images of Grampa’s performances flashed in my head. No, no, no! “Stop. I refuse to listen to your lies.”
Bran shook his head, his emerald eyes flashing. “Think about it, Lil. Every time you move to a new place or he goes on a trip, are there weird things going on in the area? Unexplained deaths or phenomena? Electrical storms? People acting crazy? Wild animals on the rampage? Little mayhems demons cause for fun?” He wiggled his fingers. “And do they stop once you guys get there?”
My heart stopped at his words. We moved to a camp outside Seattle one summer a few years ago where little boys were disappearing and turning up dead; then there was Louisiana when alligators started moving inland and attacking people. Each time, the incidents stopped. And I once caught a glimpse of someone who bore an uncanny resemblance to Grampa on TV right after he’d left for work. It was a live feed from the Gulf Coast, just before a hurricane hit. We lived in Wisconsin at the time. How had he gotten there so fast? Teleporting?
Terror rose inside me like a tidal wave. I was beginning to doubt my own flesh and blood because of some strange guy’s rant. I stopped and shoved my face close to Bran, noticing the sparkle in his emerald eyes despite my anger. “Enough! I don’t care what you say. Grampa is not anything except who he’s always been.” My voice shook so hard my words came out in spurts.
Bran’s expression softened. He reached out a hand to touch my arm. “Lil—”
“Don’t.” I jumped out of his reach. All traces of arrogance left his face, his eyes darkening with helplessness. I almost felt sorry for him.
Almost.
He forked his fingers through his hair then shoved his hands in the front pockets of his pants. “At least give him my message. It’s important.”
“Why can’t you tell him yourself?” I snapped.
“I can’t. I’d love to, but I can’t.” His tone beseeched.
“Why not?”
“I can’t explain now.”
“Then I can’t help you either,” I yelled. “You could have easily used your telepathic tricks and told me that stupid message if it’s that important. Instead, you lured me out here to tell me a crazy story. You’re a jerk.”
His eyes changed, became hard. He gave me a brief, angry smile. When he spoke, he stressed his words and his voice was mean. “I brought you out here so you could tell the Cardinal that you stood right in front of me and I didn’t hurt you. Tell him that. And give him my message, Lil, or you’ll be sorry.” Then he disappeared in thin air. One minute he was standing before me, and the next he was gone.
Panic threatened to suck me under. I didn’t try to locate Bran. I darted away, running full speed for the safety of the trailer park. At the edge of the compound, I risked a glance back at the willow tree. There were no ravens or Bran. Hysteria thickened my throat. What if Grampa had lied about being a gypsy? He always talked about Guardians watching over things. I’d assumed they were spirits, beings without form or shape. Could Bran be telling the truth?
I ran all the way to the trailer and locked the door behind me with trembling hands. I slapped my hand to my mouth and rushed to the bathroom, almost missing the toilet bowl as the food I’d eaten earlier shot out.
Acid still burning my throat, I stumbled to my bedroom, flopped on my bed, and buried my face in my pillow. A hollow feeling settled in the pit of my stomach. Confusion, dread, and anger churned and twisted my insides. If only Grampa would come home. He’d tell me the truth, help me dismiss these crazy thoughts.
Nephilim…demon-hunter…Guardians…
Bran’s words kept ringing in my ears until I thought I’d explode. I hated him. I hated Bran Llyr. How dare he imply that Grampa, my only living relative, kept secrets from me?
But what if he was right? What if Grampa wasn’t an illusionist, but someone with real abilities? A demon-hunter. I shook my head. That couldn’t be true. It couldn’t…it couldn’t…
I closed my eyes tight and tried to think calming thoughts. But the turbulent ache in the pit of my stomach spread. It burned across my chest and shot upward. My temples throbbed as the heated blood roared past my ears. In the darkness behind my closed eyelids, tiny lights zoomed and coalesced into larger masses. The orbs collided and exploded, churning the emotions coursing through me.
Stop it, Lil. Stop it right now.
Grampa? Before I could react, something yanked me upright and my back collided with the wall of the trailer. My eyes snapped open.
Grampa stood in the doorway of my bedroom with his hands extended toward me, his usually groomed, long, graying hair in disarray, his face a mask of fear. What was he doing? Why couldn’t I move my arms?
“Grampa?”
“Make it stop, Lil.”
Make what stop? I glanced around and realized something wasn’t right. The wind howled outside, whipping the curtains at the open window and making our trailer groan. Jagged lightning speared across the sky, followed by the deep, angry roll of thunder. The lights inside the trailer flickered then went out.
Eyes wide, I strained to see Grampa’s tall figure in the ensuing darkness. Thuds of falling objects came from the kitchen and mingled with the crackling lightning.
“But I’m not doing anything. Is it a thunderstorm? Why can’t I move?” I shouted above the din.
In a blink, Grampa was beside me, kneeling on my bed, gripping my arms. “It’s you,” he yelled back. “You’re upset, but your emotions are not confined to your head. It’s happening outside, too. Will it away.”
I struggled to focus on Grampa’s face, absorb his words, but fear shook my entire body. I squeezed my eyes tight, my teeth rattling. The gale raging outside seemed to kick up a notch, as though it had spawned a life of its own. “What’s happening to me? How do I stop it?”
Take deep breaths…calm down, Grampa instructed.
Air. In…hold…out. In…hold…out…
No matter how hard I tried, I ended up hyperventilating.
Visualize the opposite of whatever’s happening, he ordered.
Calm…must be calm. Fear had long since replaced my anger. The trailer creaked as though being ripped apart by giant hands, and Grampa’s fingers dug into my arms, encouraging me, pushing me to take control of my emotions.
Cool blue skies. Stars. Dark valley skies dotted with brilliant twinkling stars.
Focus, baby…you can do it…focus, Grampa urged.
No dark clouds. No lightning. No wind. Eyes closed tight, I kept visualizing tranquility, listening to the reassuring rhythm of Grampa’s voice in my head.
The ground steadied. My heart rate slowed until I could hear each beat. The exploding lights in my head grew smaller, became orbs again and then pinpoint lights. Blank darkness and blissful silence followed.
The lights inside the trailer came back on and shone through my eyelids.
I opened my eyes and studied Grampa’s face. He didn’t smile, but his steady black eyes were calm. I broke his gaze to glance around my room. Clothes, books, and anything that wasn’t nailed down littered the floor.
My heart pounded at the destruction. Had I done this? But how? Tears welled in my eyes as my gaze searched Grampa’s face, Bran’s words ringing in my ears.
“What are we?” I whispered.
Chapter 2.  The Revelations


Grampa’s eyes softened. “Neterus. Devas. Titans. Avatars. Nephilim. We’ve been called many names by different people throughout history, but few know the truth. We are the Guardians, and we protect humans against evil forces.”
Oh God, Bran was right—Grampa was a demon-hunter. A cold knot tightened in my stomach. I couldn’t speak, so I just stared at Grampa and shivered.
He patted my arm. “Why don’t I make us some hot cocoa while we talk?”
I didn’t move, couldn’t move. “So we’re not gypsies?”
“No, sweetheart. A Guardian must assume a new identity every few decades to blend in with humans. I’ve found the gypsies to be the most accommodating of human tribes.”
Apprehension slithered through me like a gazillion snakes, and my knees trembled as he helped me off the bed. My head swam as I stepped over pencils and books without stopping to pick them up. Avatars. Titans. Beings I’d only read about in mythology and fantasy were real? And my grandfather was a demon-hunter?
“Are we human?” I asked in a whisper.
“We are, and we aren’t.”
I put a shaky hand to my head, fatigue lapping at my senses. “What do you mean?”
“We’re descendants of the Watchers sent to Earth at the beginning of time to guard mankind. They fell in love with human women, and their children became a new race, the Nephilim—our forefathers. So, yes, we do have human blood in us. While our forefathers corrupted humans, we chose to continue the work the original Watchers were sent to do.” The skin around his lips creased as he measured every word. “Every now and then, a child is born with the ability to manipulate elements. That child is sent to Earth to train and learn to blend in with humans. He or she becomes a Cardinal Guardian.”
I shook my head and leaned against the wall separating my bedroom from the bathroom. “Sent to Earth from where?”
“Xenith, a parallel universe and our home.”
But I wasn’t born in Xenith, which meant I couldn’t be one of them. Or was my birth certificate a forgery? I shook my head, hating the fact that I was beginning to accept this nightmare as the truth. Why should I believe Grampa? He’d lied to me for years.
I was angry and miserable and didn’t want to talk anymore. Not to him. “Were you ever going to tell me the truth, Grampa?” The words shot from my mouth against my will.
He stood before me, an arm’s length from the door leading outside, and rubbed his goatee. “Yes, when you came into your powers. That happens when a child reaches sixteen.” His eyes probed mine. “You started hearing my conversations with the other Guardians two weeks ago, didn’t you?”
My eyes widened. “You knew?”
An indulgent smile crossed his lips. “Of course.”
Had he any idea how scared I’d been? “Why didn’t you say something?”
“You weren’t ready.”
“I’m still not,” I yelled at him. “And if I hadn’t shown any powers? What then?”
He frowned and shook his head. “Your case is different, special, because you were born here on Earth and my Flora…your grandmother was human, a gypsy.”
Thank goodness that wasn’t a lie. “Does that mean you’d never have told me? Ever?”
“Sweetheart, I don’t set the code. Like any society, we have rules and regulations. Without them, we wouldn’t survive or fulfill our destiny. Our existence must be kept a secret. We can’t risk the chance of a leak and end up in some secret government building as lab rats. Humans are very wary of the unknown.”
“Don’t call them humans as if we’re not!” I snapped. As long as Grandma’s blood flowed in my veins, I was human.
Grampa grew silent. I hated taking my anger out on him, but I was scared. Would I ever know what it felt like to be normal; to be carefree and do normal things with other kids? My entire life, I’d felt different, like an outsider. Now I knew why, yet the knowledge brought me no peace. And to imagine I’d thought the reason was because I could talk to spirits. This was much worse. I was a freak from another dimension. My eyes burned with tears. I wanted to go back to my room, crawl in bed, and hope all this was a nightmare. But I couldn’t. Instead, I walked past him and took in the kitchenette/living room area.
The mess there was overwhelming. Pot and pans no longer hung on hooks over the sink. They were scattered all over the floor and the kitchenette table and chairs, along with the colored plastic cups and plates from the cupboards. The fridge door was ajar, bowls of leftovers and jars of food on the floor. Grampa’s usually neat bedroom, visible from my position, was not spared. I could only imagine the chaos outside. Before I could look, he pushed me onto the tan and brown plaid couch.
“Sit. This will take a few seconds.”
He picked up mugs from the floor. “Picked up” wasn’t quite accurate. Mugs lifted off the floor and into his hands. As he filled them with water and placed them in the microwave, pots and pans floated to their nooks above the sink. Cabinets opened, and cups and plates drifted onto shelves. Wipe cloths flew from under the sink to blot spills on the tan carpet, floral wallpaper, and the wooden surfaces. From my seat, I could see part of my room. Lotions, books, and pencils slid back onto my desk.
Throughout the whole “clean up” progress, Grampa kept glancing my way as though he expected me to…I don’t know…lose it? I’d seen him perform before audiences in the circus and thought his acts were all illusions. Now that I knew they weren’t, I didn’t know how to react. I felt numb.
I studied him like I would an alien. He’d been mother, father, and best friend to me all my life. Raised me single-handedly when my mother died, homeschooled me until I was ten, and never made me feel like I had to cook, clean, or look after him. So why hadn’t I noticed anything to indicate he was different?
For a grandfather, his skin wasn’t wrinkled. His neatly trimmed beard and shoulder-length black hair was sprinkled with a little gray, and his black eyes were keen and sharp. At six-foot-three, he walked like a younger man and worked out regularly, running, swimming, and personally training me in martial arts. With his fondness for dark pants and full-length coats, scruffy boots and a fedora hat, he looked like a cowboy, not a demon-hunting Cardinal Psi Guardian.
I closed my eyes, took in a breath and exhaled. This was my grandfather, my only living relative and someone I loved. No matter how angry and betrayed I felt, I had to listen to what he had to say.
Ares, what happened?
I jerked as a woman’s voice resounded in my head.
Lil’s powers finally emerged, Grampa answered, but his face stayed calm, his attention on the can of cocoa powder he was removing from one of the cupboards. He measured scoops into the mugs. I would never have guessed he was communicating with someone. How often did he do this in my presence?
That’s wonderful. Your family’s been blessed, the woman answered.
Thank you, Hsia. Are you back in the valley?
I felt the energy surge and returned. The others are here, too.
How bad is it? Grampa asked, stirring each drink.
A few fires here and there…debris…an accident or two, but no serious injuries. We’ll take care of things.
I’ll be there in a few minutes to help.
No need to. Take care of the young one.
Thank you, Hsia. Let’s meet at the headquarters in ten minutes.
Who was Hsia? Another Guardian? Were they talking about the damage the storm had caused? I jumped to my feet and rushed to the window. My eyes widened. Our neighbors huddled outside in their pajamas, street lights bathing the fear on their faces, crying children in their arms. Garbage cans and trash littered the ground. In the distance, the shrill wail of ambulance and fire truck sirens mixed with dogs barking.
Dismay washed over me, and I sank back onto the couch, wanting to hide my head under a cushion. How many were injured because of me? “I didn’t mean to do this,” I whispered.
Grampa looked at me. “I know. Don’t worry about it. It will be taken care of it.”
How? I wanted to ask, but my throat closed with grief. I was such a freak.
Grampa pushed hot cocoa into my hands. “Drink it,” he ordered.
The hot liquid scorched my mouth and ran down my throat, but I knew I’d never ever feel warm again. Grampa sat on the couch opposite mine. He held his drink between the palms of his large hands, his expression serious.
“Who’s Hsia?” I asked.
“Ah, you heard our conversation.”
I nodded and drank from my cup, the cocoa calming me. “How come I can hear you so clearly now?”
“Your psi energy expanded, which resulted in the emergence of your powers. All our people can use telepathy and teleport, but those with stronger powers can do a lot more than that. Hsia is one of the counselors at your high school and the Cardinal Time Guardian.”
“How can she fix that?” I pointed at the window.
“She has control over time. She can move back and forth in time, slow down time, or stop it. She can also reverse it when sanctioned by the Council. Take a look outside.”
I rose to look out the window. My jaw dropped. Our neighbors were frozen in place. The expressions on their faces would have been comical if the scene wasn’t so creepy. Even more eerie was the utter silence. No flutter of garbage on the ground, no rustling leaves. The sirens and barking dogs had gone quiet, too. My skin tingled as though an electric current shot past me from behind. I turned to face Grampa. His eyes were closed, his arms cutting through the air in slow motion, like a conductor directing an invisible choir.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
His eyelids lifted, and I gasped. His eyes were white, the iris and the pupil gone. He blinked and smiled, his eyes reverting back to normal. “That was just a little insurance to make sure no one clearly remembers what happened tonight. A strong wind sweeping through the valley is not uncommon, but dry storms can be blogged about or reported in the local news. We don’t want that to happen, so I used my psyche to manipulate people’s perception of what happened. That’s my gift as a Cardinal Psi Guardian. I’m also an empath.”
“What’s that?”
“Someone with the ability to feel other people’s emotions.”
Despite my misgivings about my powers, I was impressed. “And the other Guardians?”
“You’ll meet them tomorrow, including the trainees who go to your school—Sykes, Remy, Pilar, and Isadora.”
Guardian trainees at my school? I wasn’t looking forward to starting school to begin with. And now this? Great. I sipped my drink, my mind racing. “Did Mom have powers?”
Furrows appeared on Grampa’s forehead, and his eyes shadowed as though he were in pain. He drained his drink and put down his mug. “Tatiana had some, but not enough to become a Cardinal.”
“Was it because Grandma was human?”
“Maybe. Powers are known to skip generations or disappear all together in a family. We’ve been lucky. Your mother had just enough to join the High Council.”
“What were her powers?”
He shook his head. “This is not the time to talk about her powers, Lil.”
And I wasn’t ready to talk about mine. I glared into my drink.
“You must start training to master yours, learn about our people and our world, the demons we hunt.”
My head whipped up. “Whoa. Slow down, Grampa. Why do I have to learn these things, train?”
He smiled. “Your gifts indicate you have the powers of a Cardinal Guardian, Lil. I’m not sure which one yet, but I’m happy we’ve been so lucky.”
I stared at him in horror, my mouth opening and closing without making a sound. Grampa’s eyes twinkled as though my speechlessness amused him. “But I don’t want to be a Guardian,” I blurted out. The smile died on his lips, and his eyes became serious. “I didn’t ask for any of this, Grampa. Why should having these abilities seal my fate? Can’t I, like, just ignore them and they’ll disappear?”
“No, you can’t. We’re few and need all the help we can get.” Grampa scrubbed his face then studied me with narrowed eyes. “Taking up your Cardinal Guardian duties is voluntary, an honor—but the benefits to us and humans are many.” Before I could ask what he meant, he added, “Many of our people wait for their children’s powers to manifest themselves when they turn sixteen. Some parents even go so far as to arrange marriages for their children with the hopes of having a Cardinal in their family.”
So? That didn’t mean I wanted to become one. Mean kids from various schools I’d attended flitted through my mind. Why should I put my life on the line for them, for those who more often than not treated us like crap during our travels?
I got up, threw the lukewarm contents of my mug into the sink, and turned to face Grampa. “Right now, all I care about is how to control my powers so this mess doesn’t happen again.”
Grampa’s eyes stayed steady on me, disappointment shimmering in their depth. “I know the world can seem cruel at times and human nature is often hard to understand, but you can make a difference by fighting the forces that make humans do evil things.”
He was trying to make me feel guilty. It wasn’t going to work. I crossed my arms and scrunched up my face. “You mean Hermonites, don’t you? Demons?”
Surprise flashed on his face. “Yes. They were once Guardians, like us. But then they decided guarding humans wasn’t enough. They wanted more power, immortality, and found a way to achieve that by collecting human souls.” His voice hardened, but I could sense his pain. “We banished them to the unexplored regions of Xenith, but many of them escaped to Earth, where they’ve been causing more mayhem. We hunt them down now.” He paused, his gaze narrowed. “How did you know about Hermonites?”
“From a boy I met earlier. He said he was a Guardian.” I told Grampa what transpired between Bran and me under the willow tree. “He gave me this weird message to pass to you.”
“What is it?”
“Coronis has found a way to open the door, uh, the gateway to Tar…Tar—”
“Tartarus?” Grampa’s voice whipped out. He got to his feet and walked to where I stood.
“Yes, Tartarus and release the Damned Ones. You should alert the Circle of Twelve.”
Color drained from his face.
“What does it mean?”
Instead of answering, he tugged at the chain around my neck until he clasped my amulet in his hand. “He didn’t touch you, did he?”
I shook my head, not liking the change that had come over him. “No.”
“You didn’t feel helpless or your powers weaken?”
“No.” Fear gripped my chest. I fingered my amulet when he let it go. “You’re scaring me, Grampa. What is it? What did that boy mean? He told me he was a Guardian-in-training and to tell you he didn’t hurt me.”
Instead of answering me, Grampa gripped my shoulders and looked into my eyes. I winced as pressure built in my head.
“Don’t fight me,” he said in a quiet voice. “Did he tell you where he was headed?”
The pressure in my head increased. “No. What are you doing to me?” I griped.
“Retrieving images from your head.” He let go of my shoulders and stepped away from me. The pressure disappeared.
I stared at him with wide eyes, shocked but at the same time fascinated. How often had he done that to me before without my knowledge?
He started toward his bedroom. “I must talk to the High Council, track this boy down.”
“What does his message mean?” I asked.
“It is a code used when one of our own is captured by Coronis and her followers. Coronis is the most powerful demoness on earth. That code hasn’t been used in decades, and I haven’t heard of a Guardian trainee missing.”
“So there’re no such things as Damned Ones or Tartarus?”
“That’s the least of our worries, Lil. Tartarus is where the Watchers or the Damned Ones are imprisoned and where we send the demons we vanquish. They’ll never be released until the end of time. But Bran’s identity and how he passed our shield undetected by the Civilian Psi Team is another story.”
“Why?”
Grampa grabbed his hat from a hook by his door and plopped it on his head. “He could be a demon out to harm you. Coronis and her followers not only trade in human souls, they corrupt Guardians and turn them to their dark side. They tend to prey on the young who have just discovered their powers and are scared, or on those who have just enough powers to become Council members but want more. If they can’t turn you, they take your powers by draining your psi energy.”
So that was what Bran meant by “I’d be in and out of your head so fast you wouldn’t know what hit you.” And the weird reminder that he hadn’t hurt me. I shivered. Had he lied about being a Guardian trainee?
“Hermonites come in many forms and disguises, Lil. Don’t let Bran get anywhere near you again. Meanwhile, the Council must explain how he got inside our valley. Either the shield has blind spots, or demons have found a way around it.” He paused, his eyes reflective. “Think about joining the Cardinal Guardian Training Program.”
Yeah, train to be a freak. Right.
“Don’t stay up too late. Tomorrow is your first day of school.” One minute Grampa was standing near his bedroom door, the next he shimmered in an explosion of blinding lights.
My eyes widened. He must have seen the look on my face because he chuckled and wiggled his fingers, or pinpoint of lights where his fingers should have been. Then poof, he was gone. If it weren’t for the echo of his chuckle lingering, I’d never have believed he was here a second ago.
I frowned, something tickling my memory. Bran’s way of teleporting was different from Grampa’s. Was that another way of teleporting or the demonic way?
I wrapped my arms around myself and ambled back to my room, my mind going in circles. Bran’s identity was the least of my problems. All I ever wanted was to fit in and be like everyone else. Having powers and training to fight demons would put me on the freak list. No, I didn’t want to be a Cardinal Guardian.

***

The next morning, I woke up edgy after a restless sleep. I dragged my feet getting dressed and eating breakfast. I didn’t want to leave the trailer and everything familiar, but if I stayed home, I’d wallow in self-pity. Or drive myself nuts going over every detail of my life, searching for clues that should have warned me Grampa was different, that I was different.
“Did you find Bran?” I asked Grampa when he joined me in the kitchen.
He gave me a strange look as though he found my interest in Bran weird. “No, but we’re still searching.”
I shouldn’t be concerned with Bran. I had enough on my plate. Dread squeezed my chest at the thought of my powers. What if they reappeared while I was at school? Maybe if I didn’t think about them, they wouldn’t bother me this much.
During the drive to school, I rolled my window down and kept a lookout for residual mess from last night’s electrical storm. Broken branches and debris littered the roadside, but everyone appeared normal—grownups in their cars heading to work, kids rushing to school, all falsely secure in their ignorance. I would trade places with them in a heartbeat.
The drop-off zone outside Cache Valley High was busy. Students hailed their friends, laughing and shouting their conversations across the parking lot. Engines of old trucks coughed and popped as though on their last legs and in defiance to the smooth purr of sleek late-model foreign cars. Fallen leaves carpeted the ground, blending with the long yellow buses dropping off more students. We parked across from the school’s main building, and Grampa and I crossed Grizzly Boulevard.
“It’s huge,” he said with a smile.
I was too busy trying to control my unease to respond. If I created a storm when I got angry, what would happen when I was sad or scared? Were my emotions tied to my powers? What if someone set me off at school? A chill crawled under my skin at my thoughts.
I caught my reflection on the glass door just before we went through the front entrance and winced. A gypsy skirt and a simple black lacy blouse. Maybe I should have gone for jeans and a T-shirt and tried to blend in. I pursed my lips. No, my outfit was a statement. As long as Grandma’s blood flowed in my veins, I was a gypsy…human.
Inside, I glanced around with lack of interest. Gray industrial carpet, bland off-white walls, Cache Valley High had the same look and feel as all of the other schools I’d attended. Grampa led me to the right, past a set of doors, and straight into the counselors’ waiting room. Everything happened fast after that—the registration and locker assignment, paying for lunches, and school pictures.
“I’ve got to go, sweetheart,” Grampa mumbled, his eyes searching my face.
I looked around at the students milling around to make sure there were no eavesdroppers. “To find Bran?” I whispered.
“And to Xenith to talk to the Circle of Twelve. Use the truck.” He pushed the keys into my hand.
“Are you planning to go poof right here? Right now?” My voice ended in a squeak.
Grampa chuckled. “I’ve been doing this for several centuries now, kiddo. I think I can be more discreet than that.” He peered at my face. “Are you going to be okay?”
Centuries? Just how old was he? Instead of asking, I stepped away from him. “Of course. You know me, Grampa.”
“That’s my girl.” He patted my arm. “I’ll convene a meeting at the HQ to introduce you—”
“Not yet.” I needed time to catch my breath and get used to the new me.
Grampa’s lips pressed together in disapproval, but he’d raised me to stand up for myself, be my own person, and never back down from my stance. From his expression, that wasn’t going to work this time.
“I’ll see you after school. We’ll talk then.” His voice sounded determined. He kissed my forehead, turned, and headed toward the entrance of the school.
As I watched him walk away, my fake confidence evaporated. I hated this. The new school, my stranger powers, the tension between me and Grampa. I wished I could rewind time and erase the last twenty-four hours of my life. No, moving back time was not sanctioned by the Council. What else wasn’t allowed? Maybe I could break a few rules and not get accepted into the guardianship program. I pushed the idea in the back of my mind for later.
Staying close to the wall, I pulled out the map and tried to get a general idea of where my locker and first class were located. I had algebra in the first hour. I already took it last year. Grampa must have misplaced my report card. I sighed. The thought of tracking down my counselor right now and changing it was too overwhelming. There was always tomorrow. I slipped the map back in my pocket and started down a broad hallway.
The curious eyes of the students swarming the hallways bore into me. A few elbowed their friends and nodded in my direction. Two girls in ultra-skinny jeans and layered tops eyed my gypsy outfit as they passed and giggled. 
“Retro?” one asked.
“Fashion challenged,” the other responded.
I ignored the gawking, gripped the strap of my backpack, and followed a noisy bunch down one hallway then another, searching for my locker.
Lil, wait up.
I winced as the words echoed in my head. Would I ever get used to this? I glanced over my shoulder. Students hurried toward me, but two of them stood out from the crowd—a brown guy with short-cropped black hair and a blond with a sucker in his mouth. They waved at me at the same time. Both were taller than most students and built like runners. They also wore black T-shirts, matching sweatpants, and weight-lifting gloves. Could they be the trainees Grampa mentioned last night?
I pressed against the wall to let the other students pass and waited for the two guys to get closer. They couldn’t be Isadora and Pilar. 
“Remy and Sykes?” I asked.
The blond grinned, his amber eyes flashing. He had a boyish face and long pale hair tied back into a ponytail. “Sykes. He’s Remy.” He slanted his head to indicate his friend who had honey-brown skin, serious gray eyes, and high cheekbones. “How did you recognize us?”
“You told her to wait up, bro,” Remy said in a deep, serious voice.
“I meant our names, Einstein.” Sykes continued to smirk.
“My grandfather mentioned you guys yesterday,” I added.
Remy offered me his hand. The leather covering his hand was soft and very thin, unlike any I’d felt before. “Welcome to the valley, Lil.”
“And to the team, since you’re now one of us. So?” Sykes draped an arm across my shoulders, his gaze on my face. “What happened last night, Red?”
The familiar gesture took me by surprise, and my heart skipped a beat. He was taller than I, and masculine. He smelled nice, too. I shrugged off his arm and took a step away. “Don’t call me Red.”
“You’ve got the hair.” He tugged at my single braid.
I swept my braid away from him and onto my other shoulder.
“So?” I added, my eyes narrowing.
Sykes smirked. “So it suits you.”
Before I could think up a response, a bunch of students came from behind us. In seconds, I was surrounded by masculine energy and scents, talk of football and up-coming games. I tried to slink away, but Sykes grabbed my arm. “Guys, this is Lil. Lil, the guys. You don’t need to know their names because they’re all losers.”
“Hey, speak for yourself, dude,” someone said.
Half a dozen pumped up jocks threw names at me as they checked me out. The names didn’t stick, but the attention became a little too much. I smiled to no one in particular and said, “Nice meeting you guys. I’ve got to run.”
“See you at lunch, Lil,” someone said. I didn’t catch who.
I had no intention of eating lunch with them. I waved without turning and hurried toward the lockers. I could feel half a dozen pairs of eyes drilling holes into my back and prayed I wouldn’t trip.
“Who’s she?” I heard one of the guys ask.
“A friend,” Remy answered. “You know what that means.”
“She’s off limits to all of you flakes,” Sykes added.
Within minutes, I’d moved from being the new kid to being under the protection of Guardian trainees masquerading as jocks. Not bad for a girl who’d gone an entire year at her last school friendless. Too bad they were after me to join their trainee program, something I wasn’t too sure about. I hurried along the crowded hallways and was still scowling when I located my locker.
Students were everywhere, some getting their books, others talking in groups. Couples lost in their own world hugged walls or hid behind open lockers. Stares were thrown my way, but I didn’t let them bug me. I even made eye contact with a few students and attempted a smile, but their gazes often ran over my outfit then drifted to my charm bracelets. I ignored the judgmental looks and opened my locker to put away my books.
“Hey,” Bran said from behind me.
Chapter 3.  New Friends


I whipped around to yell at him, to tell him to leave me alone, but my breath caught in my throat. “Whoa, what happened to you?”
He had a nasty cut on his lips and cheek, and his eyes were red-rimmed. He still wore the same clothes he’d had on last night, plus a black leather jacket. The pocket of his shirt was torn, and his hair hung lank and greasy to his shoulders. I sniffed the air between us and leaned back, blanching. He smelled like he’d slept in the sewer.
“You are a mess, Bran.”
He leaned against the locker next to mine and shrugged. “I had to see you.”
“Why? To apologize for threatening me?”
The look that settled on his face indicated that the thought never crossed his mind. “No. I was in a crappy mood and you were being difficult.”
I shook my head. “You’re unbelievable.”
“Thank you.”
“It wasn’t a compliment. Go away.” I turned toward my locker.
“Wait.” He grabbed my arm, and we both froze. An electrical sensation shot up my arm, followed by a chaotic mix of emotion. Fury, shame, frustration, and fear surged through me, stealing my breath. He dropped my arm like he’d been scalded. My gaze flew to his.
He stood stiff as a board, his eyes wide. I swallowed. The sparks when we touched were intriguing, but the intensity of the emotions that had flown from him was staggering. He was terrified of something.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him.
His expression changed from bewilderment to wariness. He folded his arms across his chest, one arrogant eyebrow lifting. “So you’re an empath. Do you have all the old man’s powers?”
Even when he looked like a hobo and stared down at me like I was an axe-murderer, he managed to look interesting. It was so unfair. “I don’t know. What are you afraid of?”
“Nothing.”
“Bran—”
“My feelings are none of your business, Sunshine. So you’re the next Cardinal Psi.”
“No.” I know Grampa had told me about demons stealing powers and the chances of Bran doing just that. But looking as he did, I couldn’t find anything threatening about him. “I don’t think so.”
“Even after last night’s storm?”
My eyes widened. “You know about that?”
“I recognized your energy pattern, and I wasn’t even in the valley. Very impressive. What else can you do? What made you lose it like that?”
“Like your feelings, my powers are none of your business,” I said, drawing myself up to my full height. “Where were you last night?”
“Here and there.” His eyelids drooped, and he rocked on the balls of his feet as though he was ready to keel over.
I frowned. “Did you sleep at all?”
“Nope. I had things to do. So did you tell Cardinal Falcon what I said? What did he say?” His voice had a tinge of hope.
I sighed. Why should I care that he got beat up or hadn’t slept? His habits were none of my business. “I did, and he left to find you. This morning he said they were still searching for you.”
“He must not be looking hard enough.”
“And he wasn’t exactly sure what your message meant. The code hasn’t been used in years, and there are no Guardians missing.”
He shook his head. “No Guardians missing? Trust me to get the senile Cardinal.”
I bristled. “My grandfather is not senile.”
“I’d bet he teleported straight to the Bermuda Triangle and ran to the Circle for help. Do you have a cell phone?”
“No. Why the Bermuda Triangle?”
He shot me an annoyed look. “Testing me again?”
I wasn’t, but he didn’t need to know that I knew next to nothing about the Guardians. “Maybe. What’s at the Bermuda Triangle?”
“It’s the gateway to Xenith and only Guardians know that. You’re the most suspicious person I’ve ever met.” He started to unbutton his shirt.
My eyes popped. I glanced at the other students milling around. “What are you doing?” I whispered.
“I wanted you to take a picture of something, but since you don’t have a cell phone, you’ll have to keep it there.” He pointed at my head. “Once your grandfather retrieves it, he’ll take me seriously.”
I looked around again and blushed. We were collecting an audience fast, and they weren’t going away. “Bran, you can’t undress in front of all these students.” I spoke through clenched teeth.
He glanced around and shrugged. “It doesn’t bother me.”
“Well, it does bother me.”
“Then do something about it. You’re the one with psi powers. Mess with their heads. Convince them to look elsewhere, lose interest in us or something.”
“I can do that?”
“Yep. Just will it, mind over matter and all that good stuff Psis are famous for.”
I glanced at the students from the corner of my eye. Wouldn’t it be nice to make them stop staring and judging me?
“What are you waiting for?” Bran asked.
I threw him a mean look. “Shush, I’m trying to focus here.”
He sighed. “You don’t know how, do you? I keep forgetting you just turned sixteen. You need to master your powers and master them fast, Lil. Ask the other trainees to help. Here, take a look.” He gripped the lapels of his shirt and opened it to expose his chest.
I didn’t realize he’d continued to unbutton his shirt while he yapped in that annoying superior tone. But whatever argument I had died on my lips. My hand reached up to close around my silver pendant. The scar on Bran’s chest was shaped just like it—two intertwined triangles forming a six-pointed star and a hexagon center.
“Seen enough?”
His words came to me as though from afar, and I focused on his face. He grinned for the first time since he waylaid me, his dimples flashing. He found my shock amusing. I gave him a weak smile. I couldn’t even bring myself to ask how and where he’d gotten that scar. The pink color made it look garish against his smooth, golden chest.
“I think that’s enough ogling.” He buttoned his shirt, his eyes drooping again. “I’ve got to find somewhere to crash. Tell your grandfather this is it, or I’m acting alone.”
“Are you in trouble?”
“No.”
I studied his face, knowing his cocky attitude hid a lot of things. “That’s a lie.”
“Run along to class before you get a tardy slip.”
He was ordering me about again. I tapped my temple. “What am I supposed to do with these images again?”
His eyes narrowed. “Okay. Fine. My family is in trouble, and I need the Cardinal Guardians to help us. Happy?”
I ignored his dark scowl. “What kind of trouble?”
His right eyebrow shot up. “And why should you care?”
I lifted my chin. “I don’t. But if you need my help—”
“The Cardinal’s help,” he corrected. “I’ll even make it easy for your grandfather to find me this time. I’ll be around the valley. Now run along like a good little girl.” He indicated with his fingers for me to go.
I hated that he treated me like a child, but the first bell rang and I had no choice but to leave. When I looked back, he was gone. I hurried away, fingered the amulet hanging around my neck and studied the green core. I’d worn it as far back as I could remember and treasured it because Grandma gave it to me. But I always assumed it was gypsy in origin. Now I knew it belonged to the Guardians. Just how many more secrets was Grampa keeping from me? And where was my math class?
I pulled out the map again and studied it. The shrill sound of the second bell pierced the air. Great. Just great. First day of school and I was lost. The hallways emptied fast, so there was no one to ask for directions. Frustrated and close to screaming, I turned a corner and almost bumped into a tall, burly man with glasses. His name tag said Officer Derrick and under it was the word Security.
“You should be in class,” he barked.
“I’m new and can’t find it.”
His brow furrowed. “Which class?”
“Algebra…Mr. Cook’s.”
He jerked his head toward the stairs. “Follow me.”
Halfway up, someone yelled from behind us, “Wait up, Lil!”
I turned to see Goth Kylie flying toward us in black pants, black shirt, and long black coat swelling behind her as she raced along the wide corridor. I’d never been happier to see a familiar face. “Hey,” I said.
“Whew.” She grabbed the railing as she caught her breath. Then she noticed the security guy and made a face. “Morning, Officer Derrick.”
“Miss Jensen. Late again?”
“The bus was early.” Her tone was indifferent but her glance curious. “What’s going on?”
“Your friend took a wrong turn. I’m escorting her to class.”
My face burned, though I was grateful for his choice of words.
“Oh, I can show her the way,” Kylie offered.
The officer stopped on the next step and waved us ahead.
“Thank you, sir,” I said and followed Kylie.
“Do you have your schedule?” she asked when we cleared the stairs and removed hers from her folder.
“Yeah.” I retrieved mine, and we compared them. We didn’t share a single class. At least we both ate during second lunch, the one after the fourth period. “So I guess I’ll see you in the cafeteria?” I asked, trying hard not to sound desperate.
“Sure. I’ll wait for you by the south entrance.” She pointed at a door a few feet away. “And that’s your math room. I got to run. See ya.”
I gave her a brief wave, grinning. Maybe she and I would be friends after all. I was still smiling when I entered the classroom. My smile died a quick death when twenty pairs of eyes locked on me. Whispers followed. I swallowed and kept my gaze on the teacher as I walked to his desk. I handed him the paper from the office introducing me as a new student.
Mr. Cook, a short man with thick glasses and an overbite, pointed out a chair in the back of the class. Before I could escape to the desk, he said, “Tell the class your name and where you’re from, please.”
Did he have to do that? I didn’t need the extra attention. Even though math was one of my favorite subjects, I decided I didn’t like Mr. Cook.
“Lil Falcon, Kansas.” It came out like one word.
On my way to my seat, I nearly tripped over my skirt and heard a few giggles. A girl with braces smiled at me then went back to her scribbling. I took the chair beside her.
The next few classes passed in a blur. Any moment I expected my powers to re-emerge and something bad to happen, like bolts of lightning to zip through the class. And every student who looked my way, every teacher I met, I wondered if he or she was a Guardian trainee or Civilian. Added to those was worry for Bran. I couldn’t even explain why his problems were becoming mine. By fourth hour, I was a nervous wreck and my head was ready to explode. There was so much pressure between my ears. For my next period, I realized I had no idea where to go, and I stood in the middle of the hallway, staring at my map.
“Hey,” a voice said from behind me.
I jumped, my heart thumping in my chest.
“Lil Fallon, right?” the girl with braces from my algebra class asked when I faced her.
“Lil Falcon.” Are you a Guardian? I attempted to telepath her, but the girl gave no indication that she heard me.
“McKenzie Warren,” she said, her braces winking at me. I had never met anyone who looked pretty in braces, but she managed to pull it off. “So what’s your next class?” She peeked at my map, a smile on her face.
“English. I was told it’s in a separate building. I can’t seem to find it.” I shrugged a little in embarrassment, but I was relieved. She wasn’t one of us, which meant she was human.
McKenzie nodded. “That’s where I’m headed. I’ll show you.”
The school, with its many stairs and levels, was very confusing. When I tried to follow her, streams of students from every which way blocked my path. “Excuse me…pardon me…” All I got were smirks and gawks. It took me a few seconds to wedge my way through the crowd.
“Jeez, how many kids are in this school?” I mumbled in frustration when I reached McKenzie’s side.
She laughed. “Over seventeen hundred. The entire valley has, like, only three major high schools, and each year, the student body keeps growing. You’d think they’d add a new school or something.” She rolled her eyes. “Was your previous school big?”
“No, small.”
“Oh. Where was it?”
“Kansas.” And before that New Mexico, Texas, South Carolina, and Wisconsin.
“Where in Kansas?”
“Clyde.” At her puzzled expression, I added, “An insignificant speck in the middle of nowhere.”
“Hmm, no wonder I never heard of it.” I could tell she was holding back a grin. “So how do you like it here?”
“It’s, uh, big.”
She laughed. “Is that a problem?”
Sheesh, she was taking this interrogation a little too far. “Not really. I like it.”
“Me too. The mountains, the canyons, and the caves. You ought to see the valley in the winter. Do you ski?”
“A little.” An easy silence settled between us. I skirted around the other students going in the opposite direction and prayed that my tendency to be blunt one second and tongue-tied the next would not send McKenzie scampering away. I didn’t want her to think I was antisocial. I just sucked in social settings. A group of students followed us into class, and McKenzie and I got separated.
Mrs. Deveraux was my kind of teacher, laid back and non-conformist. She was thin, her brown hair pulled back with a colorful scarf and trendy glasses perched on her dainty nose. Copper leaves and gemstone earrings dangled from her ears, matching her necklace. Charm bracelets weighed down her wrists, and her tie-dyed wrap-around skirt matched her colorful top.
She smiled when I gave her the slip introducing me as a new student. Instead of parading me in front of the class, she told me her name, gave me a list of reading materials for the class, and motioned for me to take a seat.
I loved English literature, read everything from the classics to memoirs. Even the books Mrs. Deveraux chose for us I’d already read. But for the first time, I had zero interest in plots and concept development. I was still wary, expecting something weird to happen. Every sudden sound in class made me jump. When class finished without an incident, I exhaled with relief.
McKenzie materialized beside me. “Want to eat lunch together?” she asked.
“I, uh, I’m supposed to meet a girl I know outside then go to lunch together.” The light in her eyes dimmed. “You can join us if you’d like.”
She beamed. “Sure. I’ll meet you there. I need to ask Mrs. D. something about our assignment.”
I returned my books to my locker and headed toward the cafeteria. Kylie and two other girls—one with light brown shoulder-length hair and glasses, the other one Chinese—were waiting for me by the entrance. After the introductions, I learned that Nikki Cho was Korean-American and the girl with glasses was Amelia, Kylie’s cousin.
The four of us entered the cafeteria, got trays, and bought our lunches. I listened with envy as the three girls discussed what they did over the summer with friends, each other, or family. I never did anything with a schoolmate and didn’t have any relatives except Grampa.
Two boys joined us. Zack with his wavy brown hair and goofy smile looked like the skateboarder type, and from the way Nikki’s hand slipped into his, he was her type. Cade, the brooding would-be Goth rocker in ultra-skinny black jeans and black T-shirt with skeleton logo, seemed perfect for Kylie. Soon, they were discussing an upcoming school dance.
“You should come with us, Lil,” Kylie said.
I’d never attended a dance before and wouldn’t know what to wear. “When is it?”
“Next week on Friday. Cade and I are going,” Kylie said and flashed him a smile.
I warmed up to the idea. A school dance was a normal high school activity, which meant no Guardian mess. “Is it casual or formal?”
“Casual. You can be my date.” Nikki lifted her pixie face to stare into Zack’s eyes.
He hugged her close. “Anything for you, babe.”
I looked across the table at Amelia. “Are you going?”
“Maybe.” She pushed her glasses up her nose and blinked. “I don’t like to dance.”
“What dance?” McKenzie asked, joining us. The three girls gave her an odd look. I introduced her and conversation continued as though she hadn’t interrupted.
“You should go, Lil,” McKenzie urged. “I’m going. I love to dance.”
I nodded, though I wondered if Grampa would allow it. With all the stuff going on in my life, I had enough to deal with. On the other hand, this was what I always wanted, to hang out with friends and do normal teen stuff. Was it fair to close that chapter of my life before it even begun because I was different? I half listened to the conversation at our table, my thoughts drifting to Bran. Why was his family in trouble?
“Wow, looks like Ms. Congeniality has made another conquest,” McKenzie whispered a few minutes later.
Everyone at our table turned to stare. I followed the direction of their gazes to five striking girls. They stood in the doorway as if demanding the entire room to watch them enter. They all carried expensive-looking bags and wore trendy clothes and shoes that probably cost more than my entire wardrobe. Behind them, several jocks followed like puppy dogs.
“Who are they?” I asked, though I knew all too well. There was a group at every school I’d attended.
“The most popular girls in school,” McKenzie added, her voice dripping with sarcasm. Or was it envy? “Kim, the golden blonde with her arm around our new quarterback, is the student body president. The rest run everything else from the student newspaper to the Hi-Los, our school drill team. They even have a table reserved just for them.”
Kim’s eyes searched the room until they zeroed in on our table. I frowned when her heated gaze connected with mine. She whispered something to her friends, her gaze unwavering, and left them. The rest of her entourage moved as a group to their table, but Kim crossed the cafeteria and headed toward us. People got out of her way. Dressed in a bold striped blue and purple top, white skirt, tights, and ankle-length boots, she was striking. And from the smile on her face, she knew it.
“Is she coming here?” Amelia whispered. Her eyes were owlish behind her glasses.
“Oh, please. We’re so beneath her radar,” McKenzie said with a twisted smile.
“Thank goodness,” Kylie added. “Fawning and ass-kissing are for losers.”
I couldn’t agree more. Shock slammed through me when Kim stopped at our table, ignored my new friends, and fixed me with an unsmiling gaze. “We need to talk.”
I glanced behind me and then back at her. “Excuse me?”
She scowled and pointed a manicured nail at me. “Come with me. Now.”
I looked around the cafeteria, flushing at the attention we were receiving. As for the people at my table, they seemed captivated by the developing drama. McKenzie’s jaw had dropped. Amelia’s deer-caught-in-the-headlights expression was comical.
I turned my attention to Kim. “Why?”
Stop wasting my time, Lil. You sit with us, not these… She looked at the faces around my table and dismissed them with a toss of her glorious hair.
I groaned. Why did the most popular girl in school have to be a Guardian? And McKenzie’s sarcasm made sense. This girl was no Ms. Congeniality. Which one was she? Pilar or Isadora? Not that it mattered. From the determined look on her face, she wasn’t leaving without me. And I just hated obeying her.
I looked at her table and sighed. The new quarterback, the jocks, and most of her friends were gone. Remy and Sykes sat beside the walnut-brown girl with long hair held up at the crown of her head so it cascaded down to her shoulders. The four trainees. My destiny wasn’t so easy to escape.

Chapter 4.  The Trainees


“Fine.” I glanced at my new friends and grimaced. They stared at me with amazement, like I’d betrayed them. They just didn’t understand, and I couldn’t explain. “See you guys later.”
I picked up my tray and went to dump my leftovers and the utensils in the garbage. Kim was back at her table, so I walked toward the trainees, each step slower than the last.
Sykes winked and patted the chair next to him. “Sit by me, Red.”
I gritted my teeth at his use of the name “Red” and took the seat across from him. My gaze swung between Kim and her friend. “So, which one of you is Isadora?”
Kim’s friend twisted her mouth in disgust, her brown eyes flashing. “I’m Izzy. Call me Isadora and I’ll send you back to the dark ages when redheads were tried as witches. Nice to meet you, though.” She wiggled her fingers in greeting, her white-tipped nails contrasting with her brown skin. Like Kim, she dressed in trendy clothes, hers more preppy—lime shorts and top, black sweater, and a tie.
“That’s her subtle way of saying she’s the Time Guardian,” Remy explained in his deep voice. He still wore workout gloves, though he’d changed into blue jeans and a green polo shirt. “I’m Earth.”
“Be more creative, dude.” Sykes threw a plastic fork at him.
Remy snatched it in the air and closed his gloved palm around it. The visible prongs of the fork shimmered and rippled as though liquefying. Then the white color acquired a silver-gray tint. When he opened his hand, I watched with fascination as the shiny sheen of metal flowed along the fork and replaced the white plastic. “I manipulate solids,” he explained.
“Which you’re not supposed to do in front of them,” Izzy murmured and waved a hand to indicate the students in the cafeteria.
“Just because your powers are…ouch!” Remy rubbed his forehead.
Izzy grinned, the metal fork dangling between her fingers. When did she snatch it? Probably seconds before he responded to her reprimand. As a Time Guardian, she could move back and forth as she pleased. I turned to Sykes.
He cupped his gloved hands and brought them closer to my face. “Check this out,” he said.
I peeked inside. A blinding light sparked into existence. It grew bigger and became a crackling energy ball the size of a golf ball. Rays of light escaped between Sykes’ fingers and touched my face. They were hot. I leaned back and cupped my cheek. The buzz of voices around the cafeteria penetrated my psyche and I looked around, expecting to find students gawking at us. But the scene inside the cafeteria was normal, students eating and yapping, walking in and out. No one seemed to pay us any attention. As for Kylie and my new friends, they were long gone. Explaining what I was doing at Kim’s table would be a daunting task. Sykes spoke and drew my attention.
“Energy is my specialty.” The orb disappeared, but when he took my hand in his, his gloves were still hot. “But I can be anything you want.”
Kim and Izzy rolled their eyes.
What a character. From his scruffy jeans and threadbare T-shirt, he obviously liked to dress down. Was it to draw attention to his looks or deflect them? I tugged hard and forced him to release my hand. Ignoring him, I gave my attention to Kim.
Her silky golden hair tumbled down her shoulder in gentle waves. Beside her and Izzy, I felt more conscious of my colorful gypsy skirt and my hair in a single braid. I put my hands on my lap to hide their uneven chewed fingernails and raised a questioning brow at Kim.
“I’m Air, like my Uncle Seth, the Cardinal Air Guardian.” A cynical smile curled her lips. “So? What are you?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. Psi like Grampa, I suppose.”
She lifted one shaped eyebrow, the gesture so much like Bran’s it bugged me. “A psi that causes thunderstorms?”
“Kim,” Izzy whispered and shook her head.
Kim rolled her baby blues. “Okay, whatever. Welcome to the valley. The Council forgot to inform us you were in town until last night; otherwise, we would have rolled out the red carpet.”
“Sheath your claws, Lawson,” Remy warned.
Kim ignored him. “And now that we’re done with the introductions, do you mind telling us what’s gotten you so riled up?”
Her tone puzzled me. Did she have an attitude problem, or was something about me bothering her?
Izzy scowled at her. “We’re supposed to ask her when she’ll start training with us, not scare her off.”
Kim made a face. “Training with us is a given and can wait. My head can’t.” She locked her gaze on me. “You’ve been emitting pulses of psi energy the whole morning, Lil. And we all have headaches from taking one too many hits.”
I looked at the others. They all nodded and wore expectant expressions as though I was supposed to understand what Kim had just said. “What are you talking about?”
“You’re a powerful psi,” Remy explained. “Today, you’re stressing over something and shooting off energy pulses. These pulses hit our psi energies, stressing our systems, hence the headaches. And before you ask, we know it’s you because we recognize your energy pattern from last night.”
My cheeks grew hot. “I just got my powers yesterday, so I, uh, am not good at controlling them yet.”
There was silence, and for the first time since I joined their table, they all wore the same expression—amazement.
“You just turned sixteen?” Izzy asked.
“Two weeks ago.”
Sykes whistled under his breath. “Imagine what she’ll be able to do in a few years.” Sykes bumped fists with Remy, both guys grinning.
“What?” I asked, my gaze bouncing between them. Izzy stared at me with something close to awe while Kim scowled.
“You got your powers with a bang, and that means you’ll be a very powerful Guardian,” Izzy explained.
I didn’t like the sound of that. “Didn’t you guys?”
“No. We all got ours gradually over a six-month period, which is typical,” Izzy added.
“But they wasted a few more freaking out. Can you believe they didn’t want to join the Cardinal Guardianship program? As if there are so many of us to choose from,” Sykes added with a smirk.
Kim narrowed her eyes at him. “We didn’t know what was at stake, okay?”
Sykes smirked. “So? Do you think it is right to be given such a gift and never want to use it, Lil?”
“Leave me out of this.”
Sykes threw the silent Remy a disgusted look. “She’s siding with them already.”
Kim and Izzy grinned. Remy just shrugged then asked, “So you want to tell us what’s bothering you?”
Should I tell them about the fear that I might start a storm at school and hurt someone? That my carefree life was over or that people could see I was a freak? Then there was Bran. I let out a shaky breath. “I’m just trying to get used to things. You know, who we are, what I can do.” Or didn’t want to do. I glanced at the girls. “What made you guys change your minds about joining the Guardianship?”
Izzy shrugged. “Training. It was pretty scary at first, but once I accepted my powers and realized what a difference I could make in people’s lives, I was in.”
I stopped myself from rolling my eyes. Help people…make a difference in people’s lives. Were they brain-washed or punch drunk from drinking too much Guardian Kool-Aid?
“And the fact that there’s a lot more at stake,” Kim said in an ominous voice.
The other trainees turned to glare at her, disbelief on their faces. Izzy even shook her head. But I was already intrigued. “Like what?”
Kim glanced at the others, a mocking smile on her lips. “At ease, Gs. It’s not my place to tell her the details, but she’ll know soon enough.”
Know what? I wanted to ask. Before I could speak, Izzy added, “Anyway, the longer we trained, the stronger and better we became at controlling our powers and the better we felt.”
Sykes and Remy were still scowling at Kim. Whatever she had hinted at must be top secret among Cardinal Guardians or something. “And you guys?” I asked them.
Sykes looked at me and shook his head. “Never had a doubt. We were born to do this.” He and Remy knocked fists, again.
“Have you guys ever met a demon?”
The four of them nodded.
“Mainly werenephil,” Remy added.
“Were-what?” I asked.
Remy leaned forward to explain. “Werenephils are the shape-shifters of our race. Many of the nasty demons in human theology books are werenephils, so are scout demons who search for vulnerable souls.”
Sykes smirked. “Others are collectors, trading souls like common goods to other demons. Can you imagine a demon auction? Serial killer going once…twice…sold to the drama queen in the corner.” He pointed at Kim with his sucker.
Izzy kicked him hard under the table. “Will you be serious?”
“Moron,” Kim added, throwing Sykes a killer glance.
“Hey, I tell it as it is.” Then Sykes grinned at me. “And just so you know, they outnumber us, which means we have to be stronger and faster than they are.”
Now that wasn’t something I needed to hear. “I guess fighting them is an endless battle.”
“Not really. We drive them underground until they regroup and come back swinging. What works to our advantage is they’re not methodical or well-organized,” Remy added. “There are many dark lords with minions competing with each other. Some are perfectly happy accumulating wealth and becoming powerful,” Remy explained.
“But others, like the demoness Coronis, devour Guardians for fun,” added Sykes.
“Sykes,” Izzy snapped.
“Seriously, Lil, Coronis is as bad as they come and has the largest following,” Sykes continued, his tone becoming more serious. “She was also one of the original members of the Circle of Twelve.”
I looked around the table to see if anyone would indicate he was joking. They all nodded.
“It’s true,” Remy stated. “She left because she didn’t like the CT’s agenda. While other demons cause mischief for fun—you know, play with the psyche of sane people and turn them into sociopaths, serial killers, and whatnots—Coronis’ elite demons are the nature-benders. They are our worst nightmare.”
I watched him with wide eyes, caught between fascination and revulsion. “Nature-benders?”
“They mess with nature. Water demons whip up hurricanes and cyclones.”
“Land demons create tsunamis and earthquakes,” Sykes added.
“Energy demons cause wildfires and thunderstorms,” Izzy piped in.
I gulped, remembering last night. Did that make me a nature-bender?
“And air demons behind twisters and blizzards,” Kim finished. “Or the ones who do it all like…Valafar.” She said it in three syllables. The others gave her pointed looks I didn’t understand. She ignored them, just leaned forward and watched me with narrowed eyes as though waiting for my reaction.
I didn’t know what her problem was, but fear coiled inside me, as though I stood at the edge of a precipice while dark waters churned below, waiting to suck me under. “Are you saying natural disasters…?”
“Are not natural,” she whispered.
“Most of the time,” Remy corrected.
Grampa was right. Now that I knew what I was, there was no running from it. I had to learn to control my powers, know my enemies, or I’d forever be looking over my shoulder, terrified of the unknown. The fighting demons part was what I didn’t want to deal with.
“So when will you start training with us?” Sykes asked.
I shook my head. “I don’t know. Where do you train?”
“Downtown at the C12 dojo, between four and six in the evenings, and mornings sometimes,” he said.
“We have group practice and individualized training,” Remy added.
“It will be great to have you with us, Lil,” Izzy piped in. “We’ll help you adjust, master some of the skills we’ve spent these past two years honing. You’ve been training with your grandfather, right?”
“Just martial arts, with and without weapons.” Thank God for that. At least I wouldn’t be so far behind.
“It’s a big part of our training. Weapons become handy when we can’t use our powers, and the sensei insists martial arts teaches us discipline. Though for some people, I can’t say it is working.” Izzy shot Sykes a sharp glance. “So can you start today?”
I winced at the look of anticipation on their faces, the urge to escape their presence tugging at me. “I need to discuss it with Grampa first,” I fibbed.
They gave a collective groan.
“What?” I asked. No one spoke for a beat. They exchanged looks. Now more than ever I wanted to know what they were hiding. “Tell me.”
Sykes looked at the others and shrugged. “She might as well know. Your grandfather’s famous for thumbing his nose at the rules. He breaks and bends them, and somehow gets away with it. The guy’s my hero. You have to tell him you want to train with us.”
If only they knew he was all for it. I grinned at the idea of Grampa as a renegade and stood. “I’ve got to go.” I took a step away from the table then remembered. “Do you guys know anything about this?” I tugged at the chain around my neck and showed them the amulet.
Izzy and Kim reached under their tops and pulled out theirs. Sykes and Remy had theirs added to broad bracelets. Same six-pointed star, same green hexagonal core. “What are they?”
“Protection amulets,” Sykes said. “The jadeite core is from Xenith. It emits a special light that causes demons excruciating pain. They have to destroy the amulet before they can get close to us.”
Bran had stood close to me without being affected. “So every Guardian wears it?”
“Yes, including Civilians, but theirs is a different shape. The six-pointed star is worn by Cardinals. They were given to us after we got our powers,” Izzy explained.
Yet I’d had mine since I was a child. Was that Grampa ignoring rules again, and did he know I’d have powers? He also taught me martial arts as far back as I could recall. Could he have been grooming me to be a Cardinal all these years?
My head spinning again, I turned away, throwing the words over my shoulder as I scurried from the cafeteria. “Thanks for the info, guys. See you later.”

***

I was headed for my truck when Kylie called out my name. She ran down the steps to join me. “Are you taking the bus?” she asked.
I pointed at Grampa’s blue GM truck. “My grandfather let me borrow it. I can give you a ride if you want.”
She peered at me then at the truck. “Cool. Thanks. So how did your first day go?” she asked as we crossed Grizzly Boulevard.
Crappy. “Good. I’m two weeks behind and have some catching up to do. I also have to change a few classes.”
“That sucks.”
I glanced at her. “Why?”
“It’ll cost you. They charge, like, twenty bucks now for each class you change. It wasn’t like that last year. Did I tell you I love your outfit?”
I glanced down at my colorful gypsy skirt and lacy top and beamed. “Really?”
“Oh yeah, very original. Where did you get those?” She pointed at my charm bracelets.
I moved my wrists, and the multi-colored vintage beads and stars hanging from the gold chain jingled. “From a gypsy trader I know.”
“Seriously?”
“Uh-huh. A cousin of my grandmother’s.”
Kylie’s eyes rounded. “So you’re, like, a real gypsy?”
No, I’m a freak from a parallel world called Xenith, and my home is the reason ships and planes disappear around the Bermuda Triangle. I gave her a tiny smile. “Yeah, I’m a gypsy.”
“Wow. That’s cool.”
If only she knew. Kylie hurried to open the passenger side of the truck while I got inside the cab and gunned the engine. She grabbed the door and the body of the truck and pulled her tiny body up.
“Need help?”
She stuck her tongue out at me. “Shut-up, Amazonian.”
“Pigmy.”
Kylie laughed. I joined her. She had a wacky sense of humor. I liked that.
During the drive home, I rehearsed the questions I meant to ask Grampa. Kylie kept a steady chatter. As long as she didn’t ask about Kim and my defection to the trainees’ table, she could chew my ears off all she wanted.
“Well?” she asked.
I frowned, realizing she must have asked me a question. “What?”
“Motel 6 allows us to use their pool whenever we want. I’m planning to go for a swim after school. Want to come? Amelia and the guys might be there, too.”
This was what I’d always wanted. Friends. Hanging out. But learning about my powers sucked all my enthusiasm for anything normal. What if I messed up again? “I don’t know. I have tons of homework.”
She pouted. “So do I.”
“When do you plan on leaving?”
“Five. My mom won’t let me go anywhere until I’m done with all my homework.”
“Grampa, too.” As we pulled up outside the trailers, my gaze went to the weeping willow, and I couldn’t help wondering where Bran was, what he was doing. Not that it was any of my business. I’d rather concentrate on what I wanted, on doing normal things with normal people, even if it was for an hour. I turned to Kylie. “Okay. I’ll go swimming with you guys.”
“Great. I thought you were going to blow me off like you did at lunch. See you at five. And thanks for the ride.” She jumped down and crossed to her trailer.
Just like that, she reminded me of the trainees, of what I was. I sighed as I stepped down from the truck. There was no point in deluding myself that I could ever be normal.

Chapter 5.  A Demon Scout


Grampa was standing by the sink when I walked in, the sweet aroma of home-cooking heavy in the air. “Hey, sweetheart.”
I dropped my backpack on the floor by the door and walked to his side for a hug. Now that I knew what he did for a living, watching him do something as mundane as cooking seemed so weird. “Hmm, smells good.”
“Roast and potatoes.”
“Yummy. I’m starving.” I picked up one of the cherry tomatoes he was cleaning and popped it in my mouth.
He chuckled. “Aren’t you always?”
My voracious appetite was a family joke, since I could pack it in and still maintain a healthy weight. I wrinkled my nose at Grampa, and we shared an easy smile, like we’d done so many times before this Guardian mess started. All of a sudden, I felt guilty. I wasn’t supposed to let Bran come near me, yet I’d ignored Grampa’s warning and done just that. Would he be disappointed?
I reached inside the cupboard for a box of Cheerios and a bowl then got a bottle of milk from the fridge. I felt Grampa’s eyes on me. Was he reading me now? I tried to focus on his thoughts but heard nothing.
“How does telepathy work?” I asked as I settled on the kitchenette chair and poured milk in my cereal. “Sometimes I hear you and the others; other times I don’t. What am I doing wrong?”
When Grampa finished washing the vegetables, he leaned against the kitchen sink, crossed his arms, and studied me. “It’s all about focusing, and that comes with training. The address and the hours of the dojo are on the fridge door. The instructors will teach you how to control and maximize your powers.”
Just as I’d expected, he wasn’t going to let me decide for myself. It wasn’t fair. “Why can’t you train me?”
“Because I’ve got a job to do. Besides, Cardinal Guardians train together. That’s how it is with us, teamwork.”
Yeah, right. Kim didn’t seem eager to be on a team with me earlier today. Even the thought of her left a weird feeling in my gut. “So I can’t know the big secret until I join the program?”
Grampa shook his head. “What big secret?”
“I heard the stakes are high in what you do.”
He shrugged as though he had no idea what I was talking about, which meant he did. Fine. I didn’t need to know. “How was your meeting?”
He smiled at my smooth change of topic. “We’re still talking. The Circle, you’ll come to learn, is made up of a bunch of cantankerous old fools. I’m always amazed we accomplish anything when they’re involved.”
The meeting with Bran flashed in my head. Would Grampa be angry I hadn’t listened to him? I’d never disobeyed him before. “Why did you need to consult them anyway?”
He wiped his hands on his jeans and took the seat opposite me. “As much as I don’t trust Bran Llyr, we think his message might have come from one of our own. Coronis took Tariel fifty years ago. He was the Cardinal Water Guardian. If he’s alive, we must save him.” He paused and pinned me with a steady gaze. “If this is not about Tariel, then this boy is a demon scout. Using you to reach me only makes him more suspicious.”
I shook my head. “He’s not a demon, Grampa.”
“You’re new to your powers. How would you know what he is or is not?”
I pulled out my amulet from under my top and dangled it. “The jadeite didn’t work on him.”
If Grampa was surprised I knew about the amulet’s powers, he didn’t show it. “He could have found some way to become immune to it. Demons are crafty.”
I let out my breath in a whoosh as doubts seeped in. Images of how Bran had looked, all banged up and scruffy, flashed in my head. “He’s scared…terrified of something.”
Grampa scratched his chin, frowning. “A scout would be terrified of being caught, I suppose. How do you know what he feels?”
Something in his voice told me he already knew the truth. I swallowed and forced myself to tell him about our meeting. “When I saw him today, he touched my hand and I felt his emotions. He’s terrified. He also had cut lips, bruises all over his face, and a ripped shirt. I think he fought with someone and then slept in the streets. He smelled awful.” I wrinkled my nose at the memory.
“I see.”
I rolled my eyes. “Is that all you’re going to say? Aren’t you going to yell at me for disobeying you and talking to him?”
“I don’t yell. Finish your cereal.”
I pushed my bowl aside, my appetite gone. “We have to help him, Grampa.”
He didn’t respond.
“I didn’t mean to talk to him. It happened so fast. One minute I was opening my locker, the next he was there. But we weren’t alone. There were lots of students around.”
“But he touched you.”
“Accidentally. He showed me a scar on his chest and said he’ll be in the valley if you want to meet with him.”
Grampa stared at me for a few moments without speaking, then sighed.
“Well? Aren’t you going to retrieve the images from my head?” I asked.
“For starters, you shouldn’t have talked to him. I keep telling you, he may be dangerous. Second, you can’t be involved in this investigation anymore.” His eyes drifted past me, dismissing me, and anger surged through me.
“Why not?”
He got up. “You’re not a Cardinal Guardian, Lil. It takes decades to become one. You’re not even a trainee yet. And from what you told me last night, you’re not sure you want to help people.”
My jaw dropped open. “That’s not fair. I didn’t ask for my powers or for Bran to approach me.”
“No, you didn’t.”
“But the fact that he did means I’m involved.”
“Not anymore.” He took a step away from the table.
I grabbed his arm. “But Bran wants me involved. He told me about his family needing help, showed me his scar. It’s shaped just like my amulet, similar to the ones Sykes, Remy, Kim, and Izzy wear.” When Grampa frowned, I let go of his hand. “I met them at school today, talked to them. They showed me theirs.”
“Kim and Izzy?”
“Isadora and Pilar. They prefer to be called Izzy and Kim.”
Grampa scowled. “You discussed what Bran told you with them?”
“Of course not. We just talked about when they got their powers and stuff. But from what they said, only Cardinals wear the six-pointed star amulet, which means Bran’s a Guardian trainee. There must be a trainee missing somewhere.”
Grampa laughed, continuing on to his bedroom. “I’d know if one was missing.”
“Grampa!”
“No, Lil. Stay out of this.” His black eyes flashed, his lips pressed in an uncompromising thin line.
I knew that look. It meant he wouldn’t change his mind. “Okay, I’ll stay out of your investigation. But at least take a look at the images in my memory.”
He shook his head. “I already did. You need to make up your mind whether you want to be a trainee or a Civilian. If you don’t want to be either, I’ll send you to live in Xenith.” He stopped by his bedroom door. “Next time Bran contacts you, tell him to talk to Izzy or Kim.”
Those two Barbie dolls? Over my dead body. “Bran chose to ask me for help, not them.”
“And have you asked yourself why?” His bushy eyebrows rose as he stared at me.
I opened my mouth to respond then closed it without speaking. Why hadn’t I asked myself that question?
“He probably knew the others would recognize him for what he is, a demon scout,” he finished.
A heavy silence followed, and I sat back with a defeated sigh, misery constricting my chest. It made perfect sense Bran would choose someone who wasn’t a threat to him. In my ignorance, I assumed we had a special bond. How stupid.
“Look at me, sweetheart.”
I couldn’t.
“Lil?”
He was back at the kitchenette table. I couldn’t meet his gaze so I stared at his chin. “Yes, Grampa?”
“I’m sorry to be so blunt, but it’s a dangerous war we fight and demons play many games. They can’t be trusted. I just don’t want you hurt.”
Too late for that. I nodded.
“Think seriously about what you want.”
“I don’t want to go to Xenith.”
“And I don’t want you to, sweetheart. I don’t mean to push, but the sooner you start training, the better.”
I closed my eyes, so many emotions twisting my insides I felt ill. “Next week…I’ll start next week. Right now I have homework, and then I’m going swimming with Kylie.” There was defiance in my tone, but I didn’t care. I needed my five days of normalcy, of not thinking about being a Guardian or the monsters out there.
Grampa squeezed my arm. “Sounds good.”
I got up, walked to my bedroom, flopped on the bed, and stared at the ceiling. I remembered the storm I caused yesterday when I’d felt scared, angry, and frantic. I let thoughts of blue skies, soft, fluffy clouds, fresh snow, and gentle breezes drift in my head—things that made me happy, calm. They didn’t work.
I got up, dived inside my drawer for my swimsuit, changed, and added sweatpants and a hoodie. Sandals replaced sneakers. I grabbed my terry robe and left my bedroom. Grampa’s door was open, and I saw him sitting on his bed.
“Going for a swim,” I called out. I grabbed an apple from the kitchen counter and let myself out of the trailer before he answered. The air was dry, and not a single cloud drifted in the sky. Today the weather was warm for fall. Sometimes I forgot Utah was a desert.
Kylie’s mother and a friend, a short and heavy blonde, sat outside their trailer cooing to a chubby baby girl in a playpen. I crossed the street and approached them, envying their simple, uncomplicated existence. Wouldn’t it be nice to go back twenty-four hours, when all I worried about was fitting in and having friends?
“Mrs. Danes?”
Kylie’s mom looked up and smiled. “Oh, Lil. How are you doing, hon?”
“Good. Could you tell Kylie I’ve already left for the pool?”
“Sure, hon.”
I hurried toward the two-story motel, munching on my apple with gusto. As usual, my eyes were drawn to the weeping willow tree. My thoughts drifted to Bran. Where was he? What was he doing right now? Demon or not, I hoped Grampa and the Cardinals would agree to help him.
There were dozens of cars in the parking lot of the motel but no guests in the foyer when I walked through the motel’s double doors.
“May I help you?” the young lady manning the front desk asked, running a critical eye over my attire and the robe on my shoulder.
“My name is Lil Falcon. I was told residents of the RV Park can use your pool.”
“Uh-huh.” She pulled out a key card and pointed at a hallway. “Go on straight, and then turn left. Bring back the key card when you’re done.”
The medium sized pool was empty and perfect for swimming laps. The water reflected the large windows dominating the northern wall and the cedar ceiling. A hot tub sat to my left, and white and green deck chairs were scattered around the deck.
I dropped my robe on a chair, removed the sweatpants and hoodie, and dove into the pristine water. I lost count of the number of laps I did before I felt spent enough to switch from freestyle to breaststroke. Even then, I couldn’t stop the thoughts that whirled through my head. Most pressing was what to tell Kylie and the others if they asked me about my defection to Kim’s table. I needed to come up with an excuse before they joined me.
“Hey?” Kylie shouted a little later and pulled me out of my daydream.
“You made it.” My sports watch said it was five-thirty.
She shrugged. “Yeah, I was wrestling with Algebra. Guess who lost? Now I have to wait for my brainiac brother to come home from his chess club and rescue me. It’s so unfair. He’s younger but creams me at math.” She removed her tank top and shorts to reveal a skimpy, hot pink bikini, walked to the edge of the pool, and skimmed the surface of the water with her toes. “Hmm, nice and toasty.” She dove into the water and swam to where I was treading water at the deep end. “Mom said you left eons ago. How many laps did you do?”
“Thirty or so.”
“Wow. So are you, like, seriously into swimming?”
I made a face, but she had given me a perfect opening for the excuse I came up with. “No, martial arts. Grampa already found a local dojo for me to join.”
“Which one?” Kylie asked.
“C12. Have you heard of it?”
“Who hasn’t? Is that what you were discussing with Kim and the others?”
I blinked at how fast she made the connection. I nodded, though my cheeks warmed at the lie. “Grampa talked to the dojo yesterday.”
Her eyes widened. “Wow, you must be good. I know students who trained at C12, but none of them has ever made the elite team. Kim and her friends perform during pep rallies right after the cheer squad and the Hi-Los. They’re really good. I hear they win lots of tournaments at nationals. They even go to international events.”
My stomach sunk. Would they expect me to perform as well? Or was pretending to go to tournaments a cover? “I had no idea.”
Amelia, Cade, and Zack arrived while we were still discussing sports. Zack had a ball under his arm. “Nikki couldn’t come…violin lessons,” he informed everyone then pulled off his sweatshirt and jumped into the pool with a big splash. “Ready for water polo?”
“Not today,” Amelia yelled as she pulled off her jeans and placed her glasses on a poolside table. “Let’s play something else.”
I heard their exchange, but my gaze was locked on Kylie and Cade. As soon as he slid into the water, she swam into his arms for a hug. And boy had that hug developed into something deeper. They kissed as if they hadn’t seen each other in weeks, instead of just hours. Cade’s hand cradled the back of Kylie’s head, kneading through her wet hair.
Bran’s face flitted through my head, and I swallowed, my mouth going dry. What would it be like if he kissed me like that? Heck, what would it be like if any boy kissed me like that? I was sixteen and never been kissed, never had a boyfriend. I pushed the image of Bran away and turned from the kissing couple only to find Zack and Amelia watching me with knowing smiles. My cheeks grew warmer.
“They do that a lot, so you’d better get used to it,” Amelia warned.
She was right. The couple stole kisses for the next hour as we played water games. When two families with younger kids and an older couple entered the pool, we moved to the hot tub.
Zack watched me, his gaze drifting to my chest. I fought back a blush until he said, “I swear I’ve seen that shape before somewhere, Lil.”
I gave him a weak smile. “Grampa gave it to me.” By the time they find out that Kim or Izzy each have one like mine and that Remy and Sykes have similar amulets on their bracelets, I’d be an irrefutable elite member of the C12 dojo.
“What are those writings on it?” Amelia asked, peering at the amulet.
I glanced down. The symbols at the corners, I’d concluded, stood for the powers of the six Cardinal Guardians, but that wasn’t something I could share. “I don’t know what…” My voice trailed off when the pool house door opened and Bran walked inside. Our gazes connected and my heart started a crazy dance. What was he doing here? I searched his handsome face for clues and then frowned. What happened to his bruises? It was as though they were never there to begin with.
He moved toward the hot tub, and I remembered my conversation with Grampa. But how could I avoid Bran in here? And why did I feel the urge to ignore Grampa’s warnings again?
There was something about this guy that got to me every time I saw him. Even now, my insides did jumping jacks with excitement as he drew closer to us. All of a sudden, I felt self-conscious in my one-piece swimsuit, which was ridiculous. I hadn’t felt awkward around Cade and Zack. I struggled to breathe, to act normal.
“Sorry to interrupt, guys,” he said, squatting a few inches from me, his pine scent teasing my heightened senses. Then he turned to me. “Hey.” His voice had gone soft, sending a shiver through me. 
I performed the introductions and was annoyed when my voice sounded breathless. Kylie must have noticed because she winked at me and grinned.
“Are you joining us, Bran?” she asked.
I scrunched my face at her then glanced at Bran to see whether he’d noticed. He hadn’t. I hoped. Instead, a wistful expression settled on his features as he gave our group a sweeping glance. “Maybe some other time. I just want to steal Lil for a few minutes.”
I found myself studying his lips as he spoke.
“Lil?” he asked, yanking me back to the fact that I was ogling him and fantasizing about kissing him.
Kylie and Cade’s cuddling had put ideas in my head. And there was no way I was getting up and waltzing across the deck in a swimsuit with Bran watching. I don’t know where the thought came from, but once it sunk in, I couldn’t get past it. My heart hammered in an uneven staccato.
I pointed at the chairs where we left our things. “Could you pass me my robe, please?”
He stood and walked away. When he came back holding up my robe, ready for me to slip it on, his dimples flashed as though he’d read my thoughts and was suppressing a smile. I narrowed my eyes at him. His expression became indifferent, like our interaction bored him.
Still, my legs weren’t steady when I got out of the tub. I pushed my arms through the sleeves, tied the sash, and pulled the hood of my robe on to cover my hair.
“I’ll be back,” I told the others with a wave as we walked away from the hot tub. Bran was close enough that I could feel his warmth through my robe.
I stopped and turned to face him, my arms crossed over my chest. “So what do you want?” I asked. Disobeying Grampa made me very uneasy.
His emerald eyes darkened. “I’m here to say goodbye.”
Chapter 6.  Big Brother


My heart dropped, my eyes flying to his gorgeous face. “Good…bye?” I whispered, cleared my throat, and added with a firm voice, “Where are you going?”
“Home. I wanted to thank you.”
I couldn’t get past what he’d said about leaving. That was good, right? “Thank me for what?”
“Talking to your grandfather. He said you even told him the jadeite didn’t work on me.” He glanced at the amulet on my chest then looked over his shoulder at the group in the hot tub. “Let’s find a more private place to talk.”
I shook my head. No matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t ignore Grampa’s warnings.
Bran’s eyes shadowed with disappointment. “I’d never harm you, Lil.”
Why was he always in tune with my thoughts? Did he lie to me about not reading my mind? I studied him, trying to see behind his eyes. Instead, those emerald depths drew me in. I had to force myself to look away.
“I promise I won’t keep you too long from your friends,” he whispered, his tone begging.
I nodded at the chairs at the other end of the pool, far enough away to not be overheard, but still in clear view of my friends. “Over there.”
Questions whipped through my head as we walked, and I kept glancing at him from the corner of my eye. He’d changed into a jungle-green polo shirt and tan slacks. His hair looked washed and brushed. Instead of garbage and sweat, his fresh scent, a mixture of pine and sandalwood, tickled my nose. The urge to lean closer and sniff him stole through me. I studied his chiseled face, the adorable dimples that appeared when least expected. And those sculptured lips, how would they feel…?
This was insane. I shook my head. Watching Kylie and Cade this evening had some weird effect on me. I shouldn’t be having these crazy thoughts. I didn’t know Bran. I searched my brain for something to talk about and stop fantasizing about him. “What happened to your bruises?”
“I heal fast.”
“How?”
He shrugged. “It’s just something I do.”
Before I could pull out a deck chair, he already held one out for me, his expression solemn. I sat and watched him as he took a seat facing me. For a moment, we just stared at each other. I had so many questions and didn’t know where to begin.
He chose you because you’re of least threat to him. Grampa’s words rang in my head. Should I ask Bran? If Grampa agreed to help him, why was he going home? Emotions I didn’t understand wrapped around my chest, making it hard to breathe. Oh, what was the point of asking him questions? He was leaving, and he’d soon forget I existed. I looked at my hands. I still gripped my hoodie.
“Don’t shut me out, Lil.”
Why not? I didn’t trust him.
“Trust me, please.”
I glared at him. “Did you just read my mind?”
“No.”
“Then how do you know I don’t trust you?”
For a moment, he refused to meet my eyes. “I can, uh, tell by your expression and body language.”
I had a feeling he meant to give a different reason. “Really?”
“Really. Even now, you’re sitting on the edge of your chair, ready to bolt. I’d never hurt you, Lil.”
I saw the sincerity in his eyes. Or maybe I wanted to see it there. It didn’t matter. I knew I shouldn’t trust him, but I wanted to. “Are you a dem—a Hermonite, Bran?”
“Yes.” He didn’t flinch or apologize.
I swallowed and pressed my back against my chair. “Are you after my powers?”
His lips pressed. “No, Lil. I don’t roll like that. I’m here because I need help for my family, period.”
Our gazes locked. The moment stretched. I believed him. Call it intuition or my fascination with him. I just knew he wouldn’t lie to me. Still, I needed to confirm it. No matter what he said, I knew he could read my mind. It was only fair that I read his. “Show me how to link minds.”
“What?”
“Telepathy. Show me how to do it.”
He shook his head. “It’s not for me to teach—”
“Please.”
He hemmed, studied me for a long moment, and then sighed. “You don’t play fair.”
“Is that a yes?”
A rare smile curled his lips. “Yeah.”
I grinned and checked the other end of the pool to make sure my friends were still there. The older couple had joined them in the hot tub. The families were still in the pool, some of their children playing together. I focused my attention on Bran. “Okay, I’m ready.”
“Close your eyes.”
“Why?”
“If you ask questions, we won’t get anywhere.” He sounded annoyed. “Give me your hands.”
I took a deep breath and placed my hands in his. A thrilling heat shot up my arms and spread through my body. His eyes glowed with unusual intensity as though he felt the same zing. Or maybe that was wishful thinking on my part. The emotion I felt from him was wariness.
I didn’t mean to say, “Don’t be afraid,” but I did anyway, and blushed when he raised an eyebrow.
“I’m not sure what you’ll do once you know how to get inside my head. You have an insatiable curiosity.” He scowled. “It’s very, uh…”
“Good?”
“Maddening. I meant to come here, say my goodbyes, and head back home, yet here I am. I’m stuck with a girl who demands answers instead of one who does what she’s told and leaves well enough alone.” He looked so irresistible when he sulked. 
“Stuck is such an ugly word.”
“Stuck, ended up with… You want to discuss semantics or learn telepathy?”
He sounded so disgruntled I laughed.
His adorable dimples flashed. “Close your eyes and relax.”
I did as he instructed, but all I felt was light on my eyelids.
“Take deep breaths,” he ordered.
I let my shoulders droop, leaned against the back of my chair, and deepened my breathing. The sounds of children splashing in the pool and conversation from the adults all receded to the background. The light on my eyelids dimmed in intensity. I sank deeper into the darkness.
Then I saw it, an iridescent orb. It moved closer, pulsing with energy, blinding me with its brilliance. I stiffened, remembering last night and the dry storm. “The light’s going to explode,” I whispered.
“No, it won’t. That’s my psi energy,” Bran said, his hands tightening in mine. “Look around you.”
I did and gasped. There were more energy orbs, hundreds of them, maybe thousands, but unlike last night’s, they didn’t move or coalesce. They stayed stationary, unblinking. A few of them were brilliant, but most were dim, insignificant. Then I noticed something else. The brilliant ones were connected by narrow beams and formed a three-dimensional matrix. A beam shot from one of them and swept past the dimmer orbs.
“Are the brighter ones Guardians?” I asked.
“Yes, their communication beams are linked. Sometimes, they only send out beams when they want to communicate and then break the connection once they’re done. And the dimmer ones are humans. Their psychic powers are non-existent. If you link to them, you can hear their thoughts.”
“How? I can’t see myself.”
“I can. You shine brighter than everybody, Lil.”
I couldn’t help asking, “Even you?”
He chuckled. “I wouldn’t know. Now reach out like you would when you want to touch someone. Will it with your mind. Translate the need into action. Start with the humans.”
I looked at the dull orbs and concentrated on one of them.
Nothing happened.
I tried again.
No sweeping beam, no connection. This wasn’t going well, darn it. I took a deep breath and let the need to link fill me. Then I projected that need on the orbs.
At first there was a gentle hum, which soon became whispery, jumbled thoughts. Just like in the voices that had haunted me the last two weeks. Next, a flood of words came from everywhere, some loud and harsh, others whiny and shy. They grew in volume. I pulled my hands from Bran’s and slapped them on my ears.
“You know that won’t block them. Focus on one,” he instructed, pulling my hands down and holding them.
The mumbled voices increased until my brain felt like it was going to explode. My breath came out in spurts, the noise so overwhelming. A sob escaped me, then I heard Bran’s voice, soft and soothing. I became aware of his hands caressing mine.
“You can do it, Lil. Focus…focus…you can do it…”
I tried harder. The other sounds grew faint then disappeared all together as a link became solid. Exhilaration washed over me as I locked on a student thinking about a report he needed to finish before Friday, then a girl daydreaming about a boy in her class. I focused on closer orbs, realized I was listening to the kids playing in the pool right beside me.
Swimming is fun…I’m gonna get her…I’m hungry…
I need a real vacation, one of the mothers thought with a sigh.
How can she be so skinny after five kids? Another one mulled.
I lost interest in the family and locked on my friends in the hot tub. That was wrong on so many levels. So Zack liked Amelia even though he was dating Nikki. As for Cade and Kylie…whoa, such intense feelings. I tuned them out, my eyes snapping open.
I turned to Bran, cheeks burning. “Remind me to never, ever lock on my friends.”
“Does that mean I’m off the hook?”
I rolled my eyes. “Like I could ever read you.”
He grimaced. “Actually, you can. As a Psi, your mental abilities are beyond those of the other Guardians. You can read anyone with or without their knowledge and shield them from your thoughts.”
No wonder Grampa could read me so easily. “Even you?”
“If you want to, yes.”
I grinned. Hmm, tempting. His expression grew uneasy. “It’s okay. Like I said, I won’t read my friends.”
“Does this mean we’re friends?” His voice was gentle, hopeful even, and his expression almost broke my heart.
Had he never had a friend before? Before I could answer, he reached out and pushed aside a lock of my hair that dangled on the side of my face. The touch was slight, but the effect on me was immediate. Pleasure zipped through me and I trembled. Whoa, what was wrong with me? I never reacted like this to any boy.
“I think so,” I said, grateful my voice didn’t quiver.
He cocked an eyebrow. “You think so?”
“Don’t make me regret not reading your mind.” I frowned at him, pretending to be angry.
He raised his hands in mock surrender. “Okay. Any more questions?”
Amazing how he switched from teasing to serious in the blink of an eye. I wish I had that much control. “Must I always close my eyes to find you or the others?”
“No. As you get better at tuning in, you won’t even need to. Think of yourself as a radio getting sounds from different frequencies. Tune in on one frequency after another. After a while, you know exactly where to go when searching for someone. For humans, you’ll recognize their voices. For Guardians, you’ll recognize their energies, like I recognize yours. Try to find me now.”
I closed my eyes and felt his presence right away. Then his orb reappeared, breathtaking and larger than life. I noticed something else that had escaped my attention before. Unlike the other Guardians, his had red flares on its edges that came and went. The closer his orb got to mine, the warmer I felt. A slight overlap of our powers and I sucked in my breath. A feeling I couldn’t explain shot through me, making my tummy tighten with feelings I couldn’t put into words.
“That wasn’t linking,” I whispered, my voice breathless.
“No.” His voice sounded different, too.
I opened an eye and studied him. He was watching me, a pink tinge on his cheeks. “What was that?”
“It’s nothing. Find me.” He spoke between gritted teeth.
He was blushing. How fascinating. He looked even more angelic, and once again, I wondered what it would feel like to touch his face, those dimples, to kiss him.
“Lil,” he growled.
I pushed aside my curiosity for now. This time, I sent out a communication beam and searched for his energy. I knew when I made contact. He was thinking the same thing over and over—you can do it, Sunshine.
Thank you.
Congratulations on your first lesson, he telepathed.
I had a wonderful teacher.
“Hey, Lil,” Kylie called out, intruding on our telepathic conversation. They were out of the hot tub and had already collected their stuff. “See you tomorrow,” she said.
“Sure.” I waved back, uneasiness skidding down my spine as I watched them file out of the pool area. I pushed the discomfort aside. There was no need to be wary of being left alone with Bran. Despite what Grampa had said, I believed Bran would never hurt me. “I should be heading home soon, too,” I said but didn’t make a move to leave.
“I know. I saw your grandpa and the others an hour ago. They’ll talk to the Circle and seek permission to get my family out. They’ve never dealt with a case like mine before, which might be a problem, but at least they’re willing to try. Meanwhile, I’m to lie low and wait. That’s why I’m going home.”
“Where’s home?”
“L.A. with my older brother, Gavyn, for now. But before that, I lived on Coronis Isle…Xenith. We access it from the North Pole.” He frowned and then smiled. “It’s funny. The Cardinals didn’t know where the island was until I told them. I guess they’ve been searching for it and Coronis for years.”
My eyes widened. I remembered the stuff the trainees said about the demoness Coronis. “Is Coronis your queen?”
Bran stiffened. “She’s the leader of the Hermonite demons, but that doesn’t make her my queen.”
Okay, that was the wrong subject. “How many are in your family?”
“Four—me, Gavyn, my younger sister, Celeste, and my mom.” He leaned in toward me, his expression apologetic. “I didn’t mean to snap. Coronis is a sore subject with me.”
“That’s okay. I heard she’s very evil. Is she the reason you want to leave?”
“Yes and no. Coronis kidnapped my grandparents a long time ago, forced them to live on the island, and made their only son, my father, marry my mother, who’s a Lazarus demon. But my grandparents made sure my father never forgot who he really was, and he, in turn, told us.”
I had no idea what Lazarus was, but this wasn’t the time to badger Bran with unnecessary questions. “Then you’re only half demon.” I lowered my voice, though the only other people in the pool area with us were the older couple and they were in the hot tub on the other side of the room.
Bran shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. I was raised as one, trained and initiated into the Hermonite Brotherhood. Getting out of the brotherhood is not easy, and that’s why I need the Cardinal Guardians’ help. Celeste still lives on the island with Mom, but I must get her out before she turns sixteen and goes through initiation into the Sisterhood.”
“Is the initiation bad?”
His eyes grew stormy. “Very.”
“What do—?”
“It’s not something I want to discuss now.”
I shivered at his icy voice. “Have you ever stolen a…no, never mind.”
He frowned. “It’s okay. When my father died, I became angry and chose to ignore all he’d taught me. I did things I’m not proud of. But I’ve made a choice to stop and to try to make up for them. I’ve already started to…” He cocked his head, frowning.
“What is it?”
“I felt a powerful energy surge.” He scowled and continued to angle his head as though searching for the disturbance.
I looked around. The other families were gone, and the older couple was getting out of the hot tub, their conversation a buzz in the background. I closed my eyes and searched, but all I saw was Bran’s psi energy and the other Guardians in the distance. “I don’t see anything.”
“I think I should walk you home.”
Something in his voice had me jumping up. Bran grabbed my arm and steered me toward the side door. I glanced at him from the corner of my eye. He wore an uneasy expression. I just needed to know one thing before we parted ways. “What is it you were saying you’ve started to do? You know, to make up for the past.”
He shrugged. “Let’s just say that I did things I regret, and I’m making amends.”
“Some say confession is good for the soul. But what if you don’t have a soul?” a voice with a familiar lilt mocked from behind us.
Before I could turn and find the speaker, Bran, in one smooth motion, whipped around and pushed me behind him, blocking my line of vision.
I peeked from behind him anyway and then gaped at three of the most gorgeous men I’d ever seen. They stood at the other end of the pool, their black leather pants, black shirts, and long black coats, making them look like they might have stepped out of the movie The Matrix. The leader was tall and blond, his hair so pale. Flanking him were two blue-eyed, dark-haired guys who looked like identical twins. They all wore their hair long.
They teleported closer, so only half the width of the pool separated us. Bran’s back went rigid, and his hands balled into fists. The air was thick with chilling menace and dread snaked around me, causing goose bumps to erupt on my arms. Who were these guys?
“So this is where you’ve been disappearing to?” the blond said. “Did you think I wouldn’t know you’ve stopped scouting?”
“Leave this place, Gavyn. You can’t enter the Cardinals’ hideaway without consequences.” Bran’s voice was strong, confident, though I could feel his unease.
Gavyn? Bran’s brother? The blond hair had thrown me off, but he had the same melodic lilt in his voice like Bran did and the same facial bone structure. But Gavyn’s eyes were gray and cold, unlike Bran’s warm emeralds.
Gavyn dismissed Bran’s comments with a wave of his hand. “Just like you, little brother, we can camouflage our psi energy from the Guardians. I’m here to take you home where you belong.”
As Gavyn’s words rang around the swimming pool, a tug on my necklace drew my attention to my chest. I pulled out the pendent dangling from its chain. The green in the jadeite appeared to swirl and ebb, causing it to vibrate. I wrapped my hand around the stone. It was warm.
“I was just about to leave,” Bran said, reaching behind him to grab my hand in a reassuring grip, which didn’t work because his apprehension flowed into me. “Why don’t you go on ahead? I’ll be right behind you.”
His brother laughed. “It’s taken me hours to find you, and I’m not about to let you out of my sight, little brother. We’re going to have that talk.”
Bran shrugged. “I thought your people made your feelings clear last night when they threw me out.”
“The people responsible have been punished. But I want you to listen to me because I’m going to say this only once. You belong with us.”
Bran’s grip tightened, and then he let go of my hand. Teleport out of here now, Lil.
Dread gripped my throat. I had no idea how to teleport.

Chapter 7.  The First Battle


“Don’t even think about it,” Gavyn’s voice whipped out. “In fact, I’d advise you against doing anything to tick me off, Guardian. That means no teleporting anywhere or communicating with anyone outside this room.”
Oh, no, he’d heard Bran’s thoughts. My knees grew weak, and I swallowed a lump of panic. This was the result of not listening to Grampa. I should have stayed away from Bran.
“If all you want to do is talk, why bring the Goetz brothers?” Bran asked, shifting his gaze to the twins, a frown of distaste marring his perfect lips.
“I needed trackers to follow your erratic teleporting energy, and they’re the best at finding telegates and mimicking energy. And like you said, one shouldn’t enter the Cardinals’ lair without being prepared. As nature-benders, they know how to destroy the Guardian jadeite.”
Nature-benders? My hand tensed around the amulet. The stone was warmer. I glanced down. My eyes widened at the eerie green light radiating from it. How would it protect me when Gavyn’s men could destroy it?
“Besides, I couldn’t trust my regular guards not to go behind my back and report to Coronis or her people that my little brother has gone crazy,” Gavyn said, interrupting my thoughts. “First you tried to join the Outcasts, and now this. A demon searching for redemption isn’t just pathetic, Bran. He brings shame to his family. Have you any idea how Mom is going to react once she finds out about your latest escapade?”
“She doesn’t understand.”
“Oh, she understands all right. She understands you’re just like Father. Weak and pathetic, incapable of seeing the big pic—”
“Don’t talk about him like that,” Bran snapped.
“Touched a nerve, did I?” Gavyn laughed. “Dad could have united our race and started a new order in this human-infested world. That’s all humans need, inspired leadership.”
“Dad never felt that way. He never belonged on Coronis Isle, and neither do we. We’ve a right to choose our own destiny.”
“That’s a load of crap.” Gavyn’s voice lashed out, cutting the air with its intensity. “We have one destiny, you moron…one. To become gods—immortal and invincible. This is what every demon aspires to.”
“We’re not—”
“Shut up. Just shut up and get over here. We’re going home.”
The silence that followed was thick with raw emotions. Still, Bran didn’t move.
“Get over here!” Gavyn ordered.
“I’m not leaving.” Bran’s body was taut, but his tone was devoid of emotion.
More silence, a stalemate. I peeked from behind Bran, and my eyes met Gavyn’s cold ones. I jerked back, tugged at the hood covering my head, and slumped low behind Bran.
“Is she the reason you’re staying here?” Gavyn’s voice was pleasant enough, but I hadn’t mistaken the menace in his eyes.
Bran stiffened.
“Who’s she?”
“She’s not important.”
“Come out, Guardian, or I’ll send my men to get you.”
I swallowed, debating whether to defy or obey him. My hand tightened on my amulet, and a feeling I couldn’t explain surged through me. I lifted my chin and moved from behind Bran, my legs shaking.
Gavyn’s eyes went to my chest. “A Cardinal Guardian trainee.”
I looked down. The glow from the stone filtered through my fingers. I released the amulet and the eerie green light bathed the air around us. Gavyn took a step back. I smiled. I turned to his men, and my smile disappeared. They’d assumed a fighting stance, teeth gleaming. The whites of their eyes changed to red.
“A young morsel,” one of them said as a yellow ball of energy crackled into existence above his palm, angry flares tinting its edges.
“Filled with raw energy,” the second one added and laughed, two energy balls fizzling to life. He bounced them up and down as he would bounce plastic balls. The yellow blaze turned orange then crimson.
“Omnis,” Bran groaned.
That wasn’t good. And omnis must mean the nasty-looking energy balls. Panic locked my chest, making breathing difficult. Whatever courage I’d gathered from the stone evaporated, and I shuffled backward, putting as much distance as possible between me and those evil orbs. My back touched the wall, and I collapsed against it. I struggled to stay upright, my legs barely supporting me. My nails attempted to grip the textured wall.
“Fine. Let her go, and I’ll come home with you,” Bran said, sounding pissed.
“You are coming home with us. As for letting her go, no can do. You think I don’t notice how your psi energy is matched with hers? I’m surprised you haven’t given in to temptation and drained her powers. Unharnessed energy is such a delicacy, isn’t it?” Gavyn’s tone changed, becoming persuasive. “But so irresistible when your energies are a match. Why fight it, little brother? Give in to your instinct and drain her. Imagine how much it will enhance your powers.”
Eyes wide, heart thumping with dread, I stared hard at Bran’s back. He turned his head and glanced at me. Something feral flashed in his eyes before he blinked and shook his head. “No.”
“You’re a fool, little brother. Now we must take her by force.”
“You’ll have to go through me first,” Bran warned in a hard voice, head lowered and legs braced for an attack.
Gavyn laughed and brushed back wisps of pale hair from his face. “You’re not more powerful than me anymore. But I think you’ll recover, with time. As for the girl, we can be merciful and end it quickly, or do it slowly and painfully. It all depends on you.”
Bran extended his hand toward the swimming pool and a sound of bubbling liquid filled the room. “You’re not taking her.”
Gavyn laughed and signaled his men with a nod.
The two guards raised their hands and lobbed the omnis at us. The demonic globes expanded, their energy pulsing and buzzing in my ears. Red flames flickered off the tile walls, making the building look like it was filled with hell fire. Too terrified to scream, I sobbed with each breath I took and pressed my back against the wall.
In one fluid movement, Bran teleported to my side, pushed me behind him, and motioned the bubbling pool water upward with his other hand. Water broke the surface of the pool like a giant wave and curled toward the ceiling. Instead of crashing back down, the violent liquid whirled, forming a funnel. Bran swept his hand in front of him, and the twirling water funnel followed, blocking the path of the energy balls.
I gripped Bran’s hand, my eyes wide. God, please, let the water stop them.
Like torpedoes wrapped in flames, the omnis broke through the churning water, gaining more energy as they drew closer. My scream split the air as the slosh of water slammed against the wall. A cold laugh followed, the sound bouncing off the walls of the swimming pool room, scraping my senses like thorns on skin. It was Gavyn’s.
“I guess you forgot that water has no effect on omnis, eh little brother?” he shouted like a crazed fiend.
There was nowhere to run, nowhere to go. Bran tried to push me behind him. I resisted, anchoring my legs to the floor, standing in place beside him.
“I’m trying to protect you, damn it,” he yelled, his eyes wide with fury. I couldn’t tell if it was directed at me or his brother.
“We’re in this together,” I shouted back. I had no idea what I could do to help, but I had to try. I gripped my amulet, closed my eyes tight, and focused hard. I raised my hand, palm toward the demonic balls. “Stop!”
Any moment, I expected the fire to singe my hand, explode in my face. Instead, all I heard was the echo of the single word I’d spoken. Then there was silence, the eerie kind that heralded bad news. My eyes snapped open.
I blinked once, twice. The omnis were suspended in mid-air, inches from where Bran and I stood. I could even feel their heat caressing my bare skin. Wow! I did it. How cool was that!
“No!” Gavyn yelled, drawing my attention to the other end of the pool. He waved his arms at the twins. “More.”
His men released more of the crimson spheres. But as though an impenetrable barrier now occupied the space between us, they froze in mid-air at that exact spot. Gavyn’s men moved back to stand beside him, their eyes wide. My gaze met Gavyn’s. I wasn’t sure what I saw in his eyes, terror or surprise.
“Who are you?” he asked in a low growl.
“She’s not just a trainee,” one of his men said. “Look at her hair.”
What about my hair? My hood had fallen off my head, and red strands draped my shoulders.
“Do you think she’s the one?” the second man asked.
“Of course not,” Gavyn cut in. “She’s a Guardian.” He spat out the word like it was something foul.
“Whatever, man. We’re getting out of here,” the first one who’d spoken added.
“Not yet,” Gavyn’s voice whipped out, his gaze not leaving mine. “I want my brother, Guardian. He’s leaving with us.” His voice had lost the arrogant edge. He sounded more like a petulant child whose wishes had been thwarted.
Silence followed, then Bran stepped forward. “Not today, Gavyn,” he said, and from his tone, I could hear his sadness.
“Stop with this foolishness, Bran.”
“I’ve a right to choose my destiny, and so do you. Join me, brother.”
Gavyn’s eyes narrowed, not on Bran, but on me. Hatred turned his expression to stone, and then he smiled. I shivered at the icy chill that ran up my spine. Words were useless between us. I knew, deep down, that I’d acquired an enemy.
Then he dematerialized, his men following a split second later.
I released the breath I didn’t know I was holding, my knees trembling like leaves in the wind. I glanced at Bran. His green eyes were shadowed, and his shoulder-length ebony hair now covered half his face, whipped into a snarled mess by our fight. He raised his hands toward me, then stopped and forked his fingers through his hair, his darkened eyes not leaving mine. He was undecided on whether to offer me comfort or not. The confidence he always wore like a cloak was gone.
“You okay?” he asked in a gentle voice.
I tried to answer, but my vocals refused to function. I nodded. Tears crested in my eyes as the adrenaline rush of the near disaster with Gavyn and his men took full affect. Bran stepped toward me, put his arms around me, and pulled me closer.
Part of me wanted to push him away. After all, his brother had wanted me dead. Another part was so desperate for comfort I clung to his shirt, welcoming the warm and solid planes of his chest. Tears streamed down my cheeks, soaking his shirt.
I don’t know how long he held me before I calmed down and started noticing little things like his clean pine scent or the gentle way he rubbed my back and murmured into my hair. A feeling I couldn’t explain tightened in my tummy. I leaned back. His arms fell away from my shoulders.
“Do you want me to contact your grandpa?” he asked.
I shook my head and stepped away from him. “No, I’ll do it.”
I closed my eyes, focused, and searched for Grampa just like Bran had taught me. None of the thoughts were Grampa’s. I searched some more until frustration blocked my throat. I opened my eyes and shook my head. “I can’t find him.”
“Allow me.” Within seconds, I heard Bran telepath him. Cardinal Falcon, we have a situation at the pool.
In a fraction of a second, Grampa appeared beside us in his hiking boots, dark-brown outdoor clothes, a long leather coat, and his usual hat. Until now, I’d found it hard to visualize Grampa as a demon-hunter. My eyes popped at the sheathed sword dangling on his hip and the gleaming serrated ninja-looking weapons wrapped across his chest. He was a dead ringer for Van Helsing.
“What’s going…?” His voice trailed off when he saw the frozen crimson energy balls. His eyes changed. Instead of the white I’d seen before, they glowed green, the color similar to the light from the core of the jadeite. He whipped around and pointed a finger at Bran, propelling him backward and slamming his body against the wall. “Are you responsible for this, boy?”
“No, Grampa,” I yelled, running to grip his wrist. “We were attacked.”
Grampa eyes blazed as he pushed Bran up the wall another inch. I tugged at Grampa’s wrist. “He tried to save me,” I shouted to get past the fury that contorted Grampa’s face.
He lowered his hand. Bran slid down the wall to the floor and struggled to stand. He looked so scared I was caught between running to his side and staying by Grampa’s. I’d never seen Grampa lose it like that.
“I’m okay,” I reassured him.
He pulled me into his arms and hugged me tight, the metal weapons on his chest digging into me through my robe. I sniffed, smelling the briny scent of the sea. Where had he been?
Then he leaned back to peer at me, his eyes back to normal. “You sure?”
I nodded.
He looked over at Bran who stayed by the wall, keeping his distance. “Bran?”
“I’m fine, sir.” He sounded edgy.
“Good. Now tell me what happened. You were supposed to bid my granddaughter goodbye and leave. Did you lead them to her?” Grampa’s voice rose, and I feared he’d turn on Bran, again. 
“He was saying goodbye when the three demons attacked. We held them off and they left.” Now wasn’t the time to mention that one of them was Bran’s brother.
Grampa let go of me after a gentle shoulder squeeze and went to examine the frozen energy balls, half of which hovered above the water while the others were over the deck. He turned to us, his expression unreadable. “Who froze the omnis?”
“I did.”
He looked at me, eyes narrowed. “You?”
I nodded, still amazed at doing it but worried about his opinion.
He grinned. “That’s my girl.” He turned away from me, but I still heard his telepathic message. Rock, tell the others you’ll be back soon and come to the Motel 6 pool by the trailer park. We have a few omnis to dispose of. Lil froze them. He glanced at me and Bran, then added louder, “You two, wait in the trailer.”
The words barely left his lips when a tall woman dressed like him appeared on the deck. One look at the suspended orbs and she laughed. “I knew she had it in her. Where’s my Luminitsa?” she asked.
I could only gawk at the woman who used to take care of me when I was little. She had disappeared from our lives when I turned ten. “Auntie Janelle?”
Her hazel eyes lit. “You remember me, my little light. How I’ve missed you.”
She hugged me, and I was enveloped in familiar scents, cinnamon and citrus with a dash of lavender, her favorite. But mixed in was the scent of the sea as well. Shock, or maybe it was happiness, gripped my throat.
She leaned back and peered into my face. “Oh, now see what I’ve done. I’ve made you cry.” She wiped a tear from my cheek. “She-warriors—”
“—don’t cry,” I finished, and we grinned. She used to tell me that when I was little. “Are you a Guardian, too?”
“Earth, sweetheart. How about we catch up later, huh? Right now, your grandfather and I need to take care of the omnis.” She glanced at Bran and pursed her lips. “Is this what your goodbyes led to, son?”
“I’m sorry, ma’am.”
“Mm-hmm,” she said.
“Now off with you two,” Grampa added.
Bran and I hurried toward the side entrance. Before I left the building, I glanced back at my free-spirited Aunt Janelle. She had to be as old as Grampa but had the body of a twenty-something dancer. She hadn’t changed much, except her hair was now shorter and her voice had grown huskier. I couldn’t believe she was a Guardian, yet it made perfect sense. She was the only one Grampa ever trusted to watch over me. She often visited us at odd hours, coming and going as she pleased. And she never ever told me where she lived. “The whole world is my home,” she’d say whenever I asked. She was a Cardinal Earth Guardian. How appropriate.
Neither Bran nor I spoke as we moved away from the building. I walked fast, my mind replaying the whole poolside scene. The feral look in Bran’s eyes when Gavyn had suggested taking my powers by draining my energy bugged me. I glanced at Bran. The sunset highlighted his brooding expression. Was he a danger to me despite what he said about not wanting my powers?
“What did he mean by our energy matched?”
Bran frowned but didn’t answer.
“Bran?”
“It’s nothing.” His tone didn’t welcome any more questions.
“I don’t believe you.”
“It’s not important, Lil,” he snapped.
I stopped walking and glared at him. “You asked me to trust you, Bran. Hiding things from me is not how you build trust.”
He stopped, too, pushed his hands in the front pockets of his slacks, and rocked on his heels, his face dark with pent up anger. “Are you generally this inquisitive, or is it only with me?”
He was trying to intimidate me again. I stood up straight and crossed my arms over my chest. “Do you usually evade answering questions, or is it only with me?”
His eyes narrowed even more. “Are you sure you’re ready for my answer?”
I swallowed, hesitated.
“I didn’t think so.” He started to walk.
I grabbed his arm. “Wait.” He glanced at my face and then at my hand on his arm. I let him go. “Tell me. I need to know.”
He shook his head. “This discussion is pointless. I’m leaving anyway, so you don’t need to worry your pretty head about it.”
I growled, frustration zipping through me. The thought that I’d never see him again made my chest hurt, but his refusal to answer my questions pissed me off.
“You’re so annoying and arrogant, and think you know everything.” My voice shook, which only fueled my anger.
“Lil—”
I jabbed a finger at his chest. “I saved you back there, pal. If it weren’t for me, you’d be toast. You owe me some answers!”
He laughed, his perfect teeth sparkling against his perfect face.
“Jerk!” I sucker punched him straight in the gut, but I might as well have hit a brick wall. He didn’t even flinch. Instead, his expression gentled. He pulled his hands from his pockets and reached out as though to touch my cheek.
“Don’t!” I stepped back, pivoted on my heel, and stomped to the trailer, tears burning my eyes. I took out my anger on our poor door, slamming it hard behind me. I kicked off my sandals and paced up and down the carpeted floor.
Conceited jackass! Who did he think he was? Let him leave. See if I care.
I looked around for something to do, anything to calm down. The mugs by the sink came to my rescue. I needed a drink. I kept myself busy microwaving water, removing the hot chocolate mix, and trying hard not to think about Bran and the fact that he was leaving. How much of what Gavyn said was true? Was Bran looking for redemption? I hoped so. No matter how annoying he was, I’d rather he was good than evil like his brother.
As I stirred the drinks, I realized I’d made two cups—for me and Bran. Much calmer, I looked out the window and searched for him. He was leaning against Grampa’s truck, hands in his front pockets. He looked so sad and alone, and my heart pinched with worry. Did he have anywhere to go? Anyone else to protect him? I sighed. I was wrong to take out my frustrations on him. It wasn’t his fault I couldn’t accept his leaving, or his lack of answers. I picked up the two mugs, pushed the door with my leg, and stepped down from the trailer.

Chapter 8.  Stand Back


Bran studied me with a dark, unreadable expression as I approached him. I gave him a tentative smile, which he didn’t return. My throat closed with regret. I shouldn’t have hit him. He was still pissed off at me. I offered him a cup.
He hesitated, his gaze quizzical.
“Please, take it.”
He did, but he continued to watch me as I leaned against the truck beside him and sipped my drink. My unease increased. “I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“No, you’re not.”
I scrunched my face, trying hard not to let his attitude get to me again. I took a deep breath and exhaled. “Fine. I’m not sorry for what I said. I have questions but you choose not to answer them. That’s not fair. Still, I shouldn’t have punched you. Not that you didn’t deserve it for laughing at me.”
He sighed. “I wasn’t laughing at you, Lil. What you said was absurd. My brother could never hurt me.” He frowned then added, “But I owe you an apology for what happened by the pool.”
I shrugged. “It wasn’t your fault.”
“Actually, it was. If I hadn’t asked your grandfather to allow me to come and say goodbye to you, the mess with Gavyn might not have happened.”
He had a point there. “Is he always so…mean?” I wanted to say “evil,” but the vulnerability in Bran’s eyes made me lighten it.
“Yeah. He feels he has to prove himself.”
“To whom?”
Bran cradled his cup between his hands and blew out a breath. “Mom. The Brotherhood. Coronis. He wants them to think he’s just like Mom, so he rejects Dad’s genes and tries to show the world they don’t matter.”
“While you think they do,” I added.
Bran shrugged and went back to his hot chocolate as though the discussion was over.
I left him alone for about five seconds. “Who are the Outcasts?”
He scowled. “Where did you hear that term?”
“Your brother said you tried to join them,” I reminded him.
A cheerless smile tugged the corners of Bran’s mouth. “Demons who don’t want human souls are treated as outcasts. Calling them Outcasts is an insult. Most consider themselves Guardians, though they’re not affiliated with the Cardinals.” He took a long sip of his drink and then shook his head, his expression darkening. His voice grew sadder. “The ones I met in L.A. are decent people, but they are a little lost. They don’t belong with the demons or the Cardinals, yet their leader took me in when I needed a friend. He’s the one who told me how to find you guys.”
Why did he need a friend? I had so many questions to ask him, but they’d wait for later. Except one. “Do you know why your brother’s men reacted to my hair the way they did and what they meant by ‘the one’?”
Bran shot me a wary look then stared into his drink as though debating how to answer me. He shook his head. “It’s nothing, just an old legend we were taught as children.”
I shifted sideways, my gaze not leaving his face. “Tell me.”
His gaze touched my hair. “It doesn’t matter, Lil.”
“It does to me.” I gave him a beatific smile.
He hemmed, pursed his lips, and then shrugged. “Hermonites believe in the coming of a red-headed leader, someone with the powers of Azazel. They say he’ll be unstoppable, have the ability to control all the elements—water, air, time, earth, and much more. He will unite all the demons and help Hermonites rule the world.”
I shivered. Whoever he was, he sounded scary. I hoped he was only a myth. “Uh, who’s Azazel?”
He cocked his right eyebrow. “You don’t know who Azazel is?”
I made a face at his incredulous tone. “Everything is new to me.”
He grinned, the smile so breathtaking I found myself grinning, too. “He was one of the leaders of the Watchers, who led the rebellion on the summit of Mount Hermon and started our race, the Nephilim. Why do you think Coronis picked the name Hermonites for her followers?”
“So are there red-headed Hermonites?”
“Too many, all hoping they are the one.”
Hearing his explanation didn’t ease my concerns at all. Now more than ever, I wished I hadn’t inherited red hair from my father, whoever he was. I pushed the nagging thought aside. “Is it true what your brother said? That you seek redemption?”
Bran scoffed under his breath. “Not really. All I want is my family out from under Coronis’ thumb, for us to live anywhere we want without being hunted down like animals by the Cardinals.”
“But wouldn’t she find out you’re not scouting for, uh, souls?”
“She’s not all knowing, even though she’d like to think she is.” His voice was bitter, and his mouth twisted as if he tasted something awful. “And her minions are not that organized. Valafar is the only methodical one, but he never leaves the island. As long as we’re off his radar, we can disappear.”
Valafar. The name echoed in my mind like a memory, but I pushed it aside. “But your brother doesn’t seem to—”
“Know what’s good for him,” he interjected. “He’ll come around. Once he’s away from his den, Gavyn will see there’s more to life than collecting souls.”
He wore blinders where his brother was concerned. The Gavyn I saw tonight was evil, pure and simple. But from the fierce look on Bran’s face, pointing that out now wouldn’t be wise. I let the subject drop, going back to my drink as Bran drained his.
“I’m sorry for snapping at you again,” he said after a while, studying me from under his long lashes. “My brother and I don’t see eye to eye, but I made a promise that I’d get him out.”
“A promise to whom?”
“Our father. He died trying to get us out of the island three years ago, just before I got my powers.” His voice was low, laced with pain. “My sister wanted to leave, and so did I. Gavyn wasn’t sure.”
“And your mother?”
“Mom…” His voice trailed off. He forked his fingers through his hair. I waited for him to continue but instead, he shook his head. “I’ve got to go.”
“You can’t. Grampa said to wait for him.” I moved to stand in front of him, as though to stop him, then realized how ridiculous my action was. If he wanted to leave, he’d just teleport, not walk away. I looked at my watch. It was after seven. How long before Grampa returned? They couldn’t still be by the pool. I squinted at Motel 6 as if I could see through its walls, sighed, and shifted my focus to Bran. “Let’s go inside.”
“I don’t think—”
“I’m going to warm some roast and potatoes, Grampa’s specialty. Come inside and have some.” I didn’t give him a chance to finish objecting, just turned and hurried back into the trailer. By the time he followed me inside, I’d prepared our plates, the spicy aroma of warmed food in the air. I placed the two plates on the kitchenette table.
“Orange juice or milk?” I asked in a chipper voice, very much aware of his narrowed gaze on me.
He hesitated.
“Okay, milk it is,” I said.
He chuckled. “Orange juice, Commander Falcon.”
I ignored the dig, placed a glass of juice next to his plate, added a folded piece of paper towel, and then sat across from him, our knees almost touching.
“Thanks,” he mumbled and dug into his food like a starving man, his fork scraping the plate with every bite. Silence filled the trailer as I watched him put away half the meal in seconds.
He glanced up, met my gaze, and then stared at my plate. A blush tinged his cheeks as he set his fork down, patted his lips with his napkin, and sipped his drink. He finished the meal, matching his pace with mine, though I could tell it was killing him.
“Do you want some more?” I asked when he’d scraped his plate clean.
“No. That was just enough, thank you.” He continued to sip his drink and studied me. “You can be a real tigress when you want to be,” he teased, dimples flashing.
My cheeks warmed. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“Yeah, right. Would you have force-fed me if I refused?”
“N-no. I just hate eating alone.”
One eyebrow shot up. “Really? I had this weird feeling that you were feeling sorry for me.”
I chuckled and shook my head, though he was right. “Sorry to disappoint, but if I want to feel sorry for anyone, it would be for me. So much is happening so fast, and I’m not ready.”
He shrugged. “Then train. Train as often and as hard as you can. It’s always better to be prepared than sorry. When do you start?”
“I meant to start next week, but after tonight, I think I’ll start tomorrow.” A heavy silence filled the room, and I searched my brain for something to say. “Did you train much after you got your powers?”
He nodded, frowning. “Even before. On the island, we train as though preparing for war. Everything is very intense.”
I guess even demons had to learn how to survive. It was surreal having this discussion with Bran. After all, he was part demon, and I’d be training to kill beings like him. Some might be people he grew up with, his friends. Feeling uneasy with the direction of my thoughts, I said, “I saw what you did with the water. That was so cool.”
Pink tinged his cheeks again. “Not that it did much. You were awesome.”
My cheeks warmed at the compliment. “You think so?”
He grinned, his eyes meeting mine. “I know so.”
“I was terrified the entire time.”
“But that didn’t stop you from taking charge.” His eyes darted across my features as though searching for something. He leaned forward until he filled my vision and his scent doused all my senses. “You were amazing. And there was this glow on your face.”
Time stood still as his whispered words sent excitement through me. I didn’t realize I had leaned toward him, too, until his soft breath brushed my face. I wanted to close my eyes and kiss him, but the brilliance of his eyes wouldn’t let me go. I started to tremble.
“Hold still.” He reached out and cupped my face.
His hands were hot on my cheeks. My breathing stalled, and my lips tingled with anticipation as seconds stretched.
“You’ve a piece of hair on your eyelashes. You don’t want it getting into your eyes.” He pulled the strand away, his fingers trailing across my temple as he tucked it behind my ear.
My cheeks burned with embarrassment. He hadn’t even planned on kissing me, yet I had worked myself into such a state imagining it.
“Lil,” he whispered.
“Hmm.”
“Don’t look at me like that,” he warned.
“Like what?” My voice was breathless, but I didn’t care.
Grampa materialized beside us. “What’s going on here?” he snapped.
Bran jumped to his feet. My eyes darted to Grampa in horror. His seething gaze locked on Bran. As though time slowed down, a hand moved from his side, lifted, and rotated toward Bran.
“Don’t.” I reached out to push Grampa’s arm away, fear that he’d hurt Bran surging through me. I didn’t make contact with any part of his body but somehow sent Grampa flying backward across the room. His back slammed against his bedroom door.
“Grampa!”
I reached his side the moment he hit the ground, a different kind of dread crashing through me. My gaze roamed his face, moved to his chest, and then back to his face again. His chest rose and fell but his eyes stayed closed. “I’m sorry…so sorry… I didn’t mean to do this.”
A hand landed on my shoulder. “He’ll be fine, honey,” Aunt Janelle said. “He’s just winded.”
“Then why are his eyes closed? Why isn’t he getting up? I didn’t mean to hurt him, I swear. I didn’t even touch him,” I yelled, tears racing down my face.
He stirred, eyelids lifting. “I’m fine, baby.”
Relief and regret rushed inside of me. “I didn’t mean it. I just thought—”
“I know.” He propped up his upper body with his elbow and patted my arm. “You did the right thing. I overreacted.” He looked over my shoulder, frowning.
I followed his gaze.
Bran still stood near the kitchen table, his emerald eyes dark and lips pressed together. “I apologize if I overstepped my boundaries, sir.”
Grampa nodded. “Go on home, son.”
I didn’t want him to leave. Not yet. I tried to convey my feelings through telepathy, but Aunt Janelle spoke.
“Wait a second, Bran.” She turned to Grampa. “Ares, the others expect us soon, so I’ll head out after I talk to this young man.”
What? She couldn’t expect Grampa to go demon hunting after that fall. And why did she want to talk to Bran? Grampa gripped my arm, drawing my attention. I helped him up, though he didn’t seem to need my support. He dropped his arm around my shoulders, keeping me by his side.
“I’ll be right behind you,” Grampa called out to Aunt Janelle.
“Good. Come on,” she said, taking Bran’s arm.
Just before they teleported, I felt Bran’s psi energy brush against mine in gentle reassurance. Calm descended over me as if he’d reached out and enveloped me in a warm hug. I smiled, looked up, and caught Grampa’s frown. He must have felt the brief connection between Bran and me.
Grampa dropped his arm from my shoulders, walked to the couch, and gestured for me to sit. I walked forward, curled one leg under me, and sat. He chose the armrest of the couch across from mine. Silence filled the room as he studied me.
I swallowed. Did I break a Cardinal law by letting Bran touch me? “I don’t think you should go anywhere until you see a doctor, Grampa,” I said to break the stifling hush.
“I’ve been fighting demons for nearly three centuries and never had a reason to see a doctor.”
My jaw dropped. “Three?”
“Have you ever seen me ill? Or you, for that matter?”
I couldn’t recall. I always took my good health for granted. Come to think of it, even my abrasions healed fast. “So you’re saying—”
“We don’t suffer from normal ailments humans have. And when we do get hurt in battle, we have healers to deal with those types of bruises.”
That was a blessing, I suppose. “But my head hurt last night after the storm.”
“And you felt weak,” he added. “That happens when you overuse your powers, which is why we also use weapons when we hunt.”
I learned something new every day. “So how old are you, Grampa?”
He shook his head. “My age is not important now. Let’s talk about—”
“My powers. They’re totally out of control. I didn’t mean to hurt you. I’d never.” I scrunched my face.
“Of course you didn’t. New powers are hard to manage.”
“That’s why I decided to start training tomorrow.”
He nodded. “Good. About Bran Llyr…”
I sighed. I should have known my attempt to steer conversation away from Bran wouldn’t work.
Grampa shot me an impatient look. “This is something we must discuss, Lil. He’s a Hermonite.”
“Half. He told me about his grandparents. They were Guardians.”
“The man he claims was his grandfather wasn’t just any Guardian. Remember the Cardinal Water Guardian I mentioned earlier?”
I nodded. “Tariel.”
“We were battling water demons at the height of the tropical cyclone season, just like now, when Tariel’s wife went into labor. We didn’t know Coronis had her under surveillance. Her people grabbed them in the delivery room, leaving behind chaos. It was mere seconds before we were informed, but by then it was too late. Until we can confirm that Bran is Tariel’s grandson, his reason for seeking our help remains suspect.”
My jaw dropped. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. “But what happened to the Cardinals’ noble destiny of helping people?”
“Humans,” Grampa corrected, “which Bran is not.”
This was beyond ridiculous. “What about the scar on his chest? It proves he once wore a Guardian amulet, probably his grandfather’s.”
“Too many fake amulets are available online or in stores run by demons or their agents. Demons will use anything or anyone to lure young Guardians.”
Too agitated to sit still, I jumped up. I picked up the plates from the kitchenette table and dumped them in the sink with more force than necessary. Turning the water on, I stared into space with unseeing eyes. Then it hit me.
I whipped around to face Grampa. “Let Bran show you what he can do with water. I bet that’s something he inherited from his grandfather.”
“I already know what the boy can do.”
I blinked. “How?”
“Hsia joined us after you left the pool house and went back in time to when Gavyn and his men attacked. She saw and heard everything.”
“Then you know what Gavyn said. Bran has no interest in demonic activities.”
Grampa nodded. “And his brother wanted you dead.”
“Is Gavyn the reason you’re having second thoughts about helping Bran?”
Grampa shot me an irritated glance. “Of course not.”
“Then it’s me, right? Because I like him? That’s totally unfair, Grampa.”
He got up, crossed to where I stood by the sink, and peered into my eyes. “I’m not doing this because of you, sweetheart. Any demon can walk off the street and claim to be Tariel’s child or grandchild. When you gave me Bran’s coded message, I thought this was it. Finally, we could rescue our friend.” His voice changed, becoming cold and hard. “But Tariel is gone, his wife and son gone, too. We haven’t had a water Guardian in fifty years, which is why hurricanes, cyclones, and tsunamis have devastated the world for several decades now. We’ve tried to use other Guardians with minimal water powers only to have them killed in battle against demons.”
Here I was thinking only of myself when there was much more at stake. No wonder Grampa sounded angry. “I had no idea.”
“Then hopefully you understand that Bran’s sudden appearance is not something we’re taking lightly. And the two of you becoming too friendly will only complicate things. Tonight you saw what that led to.” He looked at his watch. “I’ve got to go, baby.” He brushed a kiss on my forehead and turned toward his bedroom, lifting the lapels of his jacket to check his weapons.
I watched him, frustration twisting my insides. Nothing was settled, which bothered me. I liked Bran and loved the way he made me feel special—warm and fuzzy on the inside. When we touched, I didn’t feel evilness from him, just goodness and concern for his family.
“So you’ll help him whether he’s Tariel’s grandson or not?” I asked.
Grampa turned to face me, his black eyes glistening. “The final decision rests in the hands of our leaders, not mine. I just don’t want the boy hanging around you in case the Circle’s decision is not what he expects. My concerns might seem unreasonable right now, but it’s for your own good. Take a step back, and let me deal with him. Will you do that for me?”
I nodded, but I wasn’t too thrilled.
“Good. Lock up. I should be back later tonight.”
“Where are you going?” I asked, taking in the arsenal of weapons strapped around his chest, waist, and back.
“Martinique. Cyclone seasons never end. We followed a group of water demons down there earlier this evening. And just so you know, I’ll be two hundred and eighty years old on my next birthday.” He shimmered and disappeared.
I shook my head, bemused. That was the second time I watched him teleport, and the transformation still awed me. I couldn’t wait to master it.
Grampa is two hundred and eighty, I thought as I cleaned up the kitchen. How long would I live? Did demons that didn’t collect souls like Bran live long, too?
Dealing with this Guardian and demon mess was so confusing and exhausting, yet I knew I couldn’t run from it. Things I didn’t know about them lurked in the back of my head even as I tackled something so mundane as my homework load. Biology was a breeze, but I started wondering about our physiology. How was it different from humans? What made Guardians live longer, age slower, and heal faster?
I ended up studying chapters that weren’t part of my homework before I concluded that the textbook didn’t have answers to my questions. Nephilim were different from humans, and I couldn’t wait to learn more about them.
Sighing, I switched to algebra. I needed to drop it and biology. Retaking them was just plain lame. Somehow, I’d have to catch my counselor between demon-hunting trips.
Grampa wasn’t back by nine, so I locked up. Gavyn’s face flitted in my head as I double-checked the windows. He was the only person I knew who’d want to hurt me, and locked windows or doors wouldn’t be much of a barrier for him. Cold crawled up my spine at the thought.
Pushing thoughts of Gavyn aside, I showered and brushed my teeth, changed into my floral pajamas, and slipped under the comforter.
Sleep, however, eluded me. I stared into the dark, my mind reliving every moment of this evening.
Bran. No matter how hard I tried to keep thoughts of him at bay, he kept slipping past. Everything about him teased my senses. His gorgeous face and sexy smile, his pine scent and the way I felt when he looked at me. Was this how it felt to have a crush on a guy? Should I listen to Grampa and take a step back? After tonight’s events, it seemed like the logical thing to do.
I closed my eyes and tried to find his psi energy.
Nothing.
The other Guardians were in communication. What were they discussing? Shared anecdotes? Should I contact them and ask them more on what they knew about demons and their ways? No, not a good idea. Besides, anything to do with Bran was too personal to share. And despite being a Guardian, I didn’t feel like I belonged yet. I pulled the comforter to my chin and tried to go to sleep.
I was still battling insomnia when I heard, “Lil?”
Bran. My eyes popped open, and for a disoriented moment, I sat up and looked around my bedroom for him. Then I realized he’d telepathed me. I dropped back on my bed, closed my eyes, and located his psi energy, every cell in my body humming. He seemed so close, like he was here in the valley. Should I answer him or pretend to be asleep? Grampa’s warning resounded in my head. Dang, this was the hardest decision ever.
I know you can hear me, Sunshine.
Sunshine did it for me. I liked that he had a special name for me. Hey.
Are you awake?
No, I’m sound asleep, and you’re hearing voices in your head.
He laughed. Did your grandpa give you a hard time?
Not really. What did Aunt Janelle want?
Nothing I couldn’t handle. She’s pretty cool.
Yeah, she’s amazing.
Are you ready for tomorrow?
I frowned. Tomorrow?
Your first day of training.
Oh crap. Hadn’t thought about it, but thanks for reminding me. Now I won’t sleep.
Want me to sing to you?
In that sexy voice, sleep would be the last thing on my mind. Just listening to him now energized me. Can you sing?
Like an angel.
I giggled. Ironic.
He chuckled. I know. I’ll let you go to sleep. Just wanted to say goodnight.
I bit my lower lip and tried to hold back my next words. The battle was over before it even began. Will I see you tomorrow?
Maybe.
Quit teasing.
He laughed. I’ll be around. Sweet dreams, Sunshine.
I curled under the comforter, my heart singing a happy tune. I doubted my dreams would be sweet after my conversation with Bran.

Chapter 9.  The Dojo


“You’re glowing,” Kylie said the next morning.
After Bran starred in my dreams, I wasn’t surprised. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I fixed my gaze on the road and focused on my driving. Once again I had the truck. Grampa had come home in the early morning and was still asleep.
“I saw you and Bran by the truck. Then you disappeared inside your trailer. Did he kiss you?”
No, but I wanted him to. My cheeks warmed. “Just because you and Cade make out all the time doesn’t mean we’re like that.”
“So you kissed him?”
“No.”
Kylie laughed, but she quit teasing me and started talking about online teen social groups. Teen online groups were never my thing so I only half listened to her. I had a lot more pressing things to stress about. Topping the list was Bran and my soon-to-be only after school activity—training to be a killer. In the past, I’d mixed my martial arts lessons with gymnastics and swimming. From today on, it would be train, train, train.
Kylie and I went our separate ways when we got to school. McKenzie reserved a seat for me in algebra. As soon as I sat down, she pounced. “What happened yesterday? Why did you defect to Kim’s table?”
This time I couldn’t get away with just saying Grampa signed me up for martial arts at the C12 dojo and I had to discuss schedule details with Kim and her friends. McKenzie wanted details. Why C12? How long have I been training? Did I ever attend tournaments or win anything? Would I be sitting at Kim’s table at lunch?
“Of course not,” I denied. On the inside I knew I’d need help from the trainees if I wanted to learn more about Guardians and demons, which meant hanging out with them from time to time.
The day dragged, the lessons appearing longer than yesterday. I tried to locate Bran in between classes and during lunch but to no avail. Where was he?
The trainees and their entourage walked in, and I gave them a mechanical wave when their gazes locked on me. I received a nod from Remy, a smile from Izzy, a wink from Sykes, and an eye-roll from Kim after she checked the humans I sat with.
I ignored her, but it dawned on me that I just referred to my non-Guardian friends as humans. I was human, too, dang it. Part human, anyway.
I pressed my fingers to my temples. Grampa lied to me. I could get sick even when I didn’t overuse my powers. I had a headache, and my stomach was in knots. My first day at the dojo loomed like a dark cloud. What if I hurt someone? My powers were so unpredictable.
Calm down, Lil. You know what happens when you lose it.
I took a deep breath, then another, and tried to join in the discussion my friends were having. The topic was manga and animè. Cade, Zack, and Kylie were into Saiyuki, Bleach, and InuYasha. I liked Saiyuki the best. Never watched it though, just read the manga. What would these guys think if they knew people with powers like their favorite manga characters existed? Bet they wouldn’t be so fascinated. Bet our friendship would be out the window, and I would be labeled a freak. Oh, what was the point of second guessing how they’d react to what I was? It was a non-issue. I’d never tell them.
Kylie didn’t need a ride home after school, which suited me fine. I had a lot on my mind. Where was Bran? Did he go back to Coronis Isle? Was he okay? And there was the imminent training, and the worries that went with it.
When I got closer to home, I checked the weeping willow. Of course he wasn’t there. I might associate the tree with him, but he’d never gone back there since our first meeting. A lump swelled in my throat. I knew he would leave, yet the sting of loss left me feeling helpless and a little angry. Why did I always lose those I cared about?
Grampa wasn’t home but left a note to meet him at the dojo at four. I tried to tackle my homework but was too worked up to be productive. The memories of the damage my powers did last time kept flashing in my head.
I finished math, and then it was time to leave. I changed into gray sweatpants, a white tank top, and a gray hoodie, replaced my ballet flats with sneakers, and grabbed my gym bag. Before taking off, I made sure I had bottled water, martial arts shoes, and gloves.
It took me a full fifteen minutes, including a stop at a gas station to ask for directions, before I found the C12 dojo in a new building by Cineplex Eight, the movie theater in Providence.
The building was a huge, new mini mall with drab tan walls and tiled floor. Inside were restaurants, a salon, a boutique, and some office spaces not yet leased. Two staircases wound from the opposite ends of the first floor to the upper levels. C12 was on the third floor, a sign read.
The door, with a drawing of the Cardinal Guardian amulet on the upper half, stood ajar when I arrived. The reception area was empty, murals of figures wielding lethal weapons adorning its walls.
A front desk with two plastic trays overflowing with pamphlets and registration forms occupied the right end of the narrow lobby. Opposite it was a long black leather bench for visitors. One doorway led to a hallway ahead.
Ki-yah…ki-yah…ki-yah!
The sounds drifted from the hallway, and I stepped forward to find their source. They grew louder as I walked past the desk. At the first door, made of oak with a square, clear glass about eye-level, I peeked inside. About twenty or so preteens in black pants and white sleeveless tees were kicking and punching the air. The instructor, a black guy with long curly hair and dressed like the students, demonstrated the palm thrusting moves of baguazhang as he walked in a circle. Smooth. I almost clapped.
I passed three other rooms, each with students sparring, punching, and practicing with wooden rods, and each run by a twentyish-looking male instructor. The last one was a meditation class packed with men and women, the yoga mats covering every inch of the floor. I recognized the instructor right away as Mrs. Deveraux, my English teacher.
Where was Grampa? A psi scan indicated he was nowhere nearby, though I picked up at least six strong readings.
The hallway turned to the right. I peeked from the corner to find a very long, unlit passage that seemed endless. The clang of metal against metal echoed in the darkness. Where was the sound coming from? I couldn’t see any doors. Dark, tight places and I were not compatible. I’d start hyperventilating in seconds and imagine the walls closing in on me. Maybe I’d better wait in the foyer.
“Lil, didn’t know you’d be here today.”
Izzy’s cheerful voice reached me from behind, and I turned. She’d changed into black pants and a matching tank top. Soft, black suede boots on her feet.
“I thought I’d check the place out, maybe start training.”
“Come on then.” She walked past me and started down the dark hallway without slowing down. “Kenta-daisensei doesn’t like us to be late.”
A daisensei? I’d never trained with a martial arts master before. “Where are the others?” I asked, not moving an inch.
“Kim likes to push it, so she’ll be here at exactly four. The guys are here already.” One second she was in front of me, the next she disappeared. I swallowed, my eyes straining to see into the gloom.
A shaft of light fell into the hallway and I saw her standing by a door. If she hadn’t opened it, I would never have guessed there was one at the end of the hallway. She looked at me and beckoned.
“Where’s the light switch?” I asked her, raising my voice to be heard above the clashing metal.
She disappeared, and then light flooded the hallway. I sighed with relief and squinted against the brightness. The walls were white, the floor uncarpeted. Izzy reappeared and gave me an impatient look. I hurried to catch up, the din growing louder and my heart thumping with nervousness the closer I got.
“Here we go. Welcome.” She stepped inside the room and disappeared somewhere to my left.
I stayed in the doorway, my gaze drawn to Remy and Sykes sparring with swords. Muscles flexed under their trademark black attire, footwork swift and smooth like a dancer’s. There was something attention-grabbing and drool-worthy about these two guys.
I gave the training room a sweeping glance. It seemed vast, with no windows but well-lit by glowing orbs dangling from the wooden roof. Unlike the other rooms with padded floors, punching bags, and wooden practice weapons, this one had a bare wood floor with a black drawing of the Cardinal amulet dominating the center of the floor. The roof was high, three different levels of beams criss-crossing the space between it and the floor. It was as though someone had planned to add a ceiling but couldn’t decide how high up to put it. The textured white walls had patches of dark stains.
My attention shifted to the two guys, my gaze volleying between them. They didn’t seem aware of my presence. They were sweating, swords colliding, lifting, and connecting again. Remy knocked the sword out of Sykes’ hand. Sykes teleported, snatched his sword before it hit the ground, and disappeared again. His laugher drew my attention upward. He was on one of the beams above the floor, grinning. Ah, so that was the purpose of those babies.
“Didn’t expect that, did you?” Sykes mocked Remy.
“You want to play hardball?” Remy asked, grinning back.
“Bring it on.” Sykes teleported to another beam, looked down at me, and winked.
I shook my head. He was such a show-off. My gaze returned to Remy.
He wrapped a hand around the blade of his sword, and the glistening steel changed its color to a dull brown. The sharp edge rounded, shimmered like a mirage, and stretched until it became a long, cylindrical shaft, the end dangling to the floor. In mere seconds, he’d transformed his sword into a scythe with a long chain at its end.
“Not bad, bro. Now stop wasting time,” Sykes mocked him.
Remy threw the chain over his shoulder, looped it twice under his armpit and across his chest, and then teleported to the same beam as Sykes. The fighting sequence that followed left me speechless and apprehensive. Would I ever be that good?
“Not bad, huh?” a masculine voice said with pride from behind me.
I turned. The owner of the voice was an older guy, dressed like Remy and Sykes. He wore his black hair long and slinked back, his Asiatic slanted brown eyes glistening. Was this the master trainer? Where was the gray hair, the long beard, and the wrinkled skin? On the other hand, Grampa was about three centuries old and didn’t look it.
I gave him a weak smile and whispered, “Are they trying to kill each other?”
He laughed. “No. We do combination sparring once a week. That’s when they’re allowed to use their powers. Watch this.”
I turned to see Sykes raise his hand, declaring a truce, or so I thought. Instead, two energy balls appeared above the palm of his hands, brilliant orbs with a tinge of blue and unlike the demonic omnis. I was still staring in awe when he sent it flying toward Remy. He ducked. The energy ball sailed across the room and hit the wall, leaving a dark stain. No wonder the walls were scarred. By the time I jerked around to watch the guys, Remy’s scythe had become a round gladiator shield which he used to block the balls Sykes kept sending his way.
The daisensei took a step forward. “Use both hands to create an alpha ball, Sykes. Hold it for as long as you can.”
Sykes curled his hands as though he was holding an imaginary ball. Light sparked into existence, crackling and swirling. He moved his hands as though he was stroking it. The orb grew bigger, ribbons of blue and white mingling.
“Focus and hold it,” the daisensei instructed.
Dots of sweat appeared on Sykes’s forehead. His arm muscles flexed as he strained to hold on to the energy ball. For the first time, I noticed he wasn’t wearing his workout gloves. The sizzling orb was now all blue, the rays bouncing off the walls. It was going to explode in his face. I took a step back.
“Now!”
Sykes thrust his hands forward and sent it sailing across the room toward Remy. The ball gathered momentum the closer it got to him. What was he doing? Why wasn’t he moving out of its path? I looked at the trainer, but he didn’t seem concerned. I closed my eyes and braced myself for the explosion and flying debris.
There was no sound, just a hiss like that of a hot metal dipped in cold water.
I opened my eyes. Part of the wall was vaporized, leaving behind a gaping hole. Sunlight filtered in through the opening. I glanced at the guys. Remy must have teleported just in time because he looked fine. In fact, he gave Sykes a thumbs-up signal, picked up the shield he’d been using, walked to the wall, and placed it in the middle of the hole. He held it in place with both hands. The metallic sheen changed texture and became grainy, like concrete. It expanded, flowing and shifting until the empty space filled to form a new wall.
“Well done, guys,” the man beside me told the two trainees. Then he turned and gave me a stiff bow. “I’m Kenta, the daisensei.”
After what I just saw, maybe I shouldn’t train under Kenta until I’d mastered my powers. “I’m Lil Falcon. I’m supposed to meet my grandfather here.”
“I know. He ran out to take care of something but should be back any minute.”
“Can I wait for him at the front desk?”
“No. Wait here.”
He disappeared before I could protest. Great.
“It’s nice you decided to join us, Lil,” Remy said, walking toward me. He, too, wasn’t wearing his training gloves. Nothing these guys did made sense.
Sykes came up behind him, his smile lazy as he gave me a once-over. “Hey, Red.”
“Enough with that already.”
“I like it. When are you going to show us what you can do?”
I shook my head. “I don’t know. After your performance, I’m not sure I should.”
“You’ll be okay,” Remy said. “Come on and suit up. We have some padding if you want.”
“And I’m available if you need extra coaching,” Sykes suggested in a low, silky voice.
Remy scoffed and indicated the room where Izzy had disappeared to. I followed him, entered the rectangular room, and stopped in my tracks.
Holy smokes.
Every ancient and medieval weapon imaginable vied for space on the walls. I walked forward, touching and studying swords, knives, daggers, staffs, cross-bows and arrows, scythes, whips, boomerangs, ninja weapons, axes, maces, and shields. On a section of a wall in the far back was a pitiful collection of sparring paraphernalia, headgear, gloves, shoes, mouth guards, chest protectors, and knee and elbow pads. They looked dusty, like no one had used them in ages.
When my attention came back to the others, Remy and Sykes were putting their weapons away. Izzy sat on a bench near the door, inspecting a belt of ninja star shurikens and serrated throwing knives. Opposite the bench were three sofas around a coffee table and a large refrigerator. Pegs with hoodies, jackets, and gym bags lined the wall behind one of the couches.
“Look who’s decided to join us?” Kim said in a syrupy voice from behind me.
“Right back atcha.” I turned around and blushed when I realized she wasn’t alone. Kenta, Mrs. Deveraux, and the four men I saw teaching the other classes were with her. The men all had the same lithe, masculine build as Remy and Sykes.
Kim gave me a tight, mean smile and swept past me.
“Lil, I believe you’ve already met Azure,” Kenta indicated Mrs. Deveraux, my English lit teacher. “She’s our psi expert and the valley’s most popular yoga instructor. She’ll be your personal trainer. Drake, Jeff, Nero, and Zephyr,” he said and pointed at each of the four men, “work with Sykes, Remy, Kim, and Izzy. I’m in charge of martial arts, which is incorporated into everyone’s training.”
I smiled and said, “Nice to meet you,” to the instructors.
“So,” Kenta pointed at the room, “why don’t you pad up and choose a weapon? Kim will partner you. No powers, just normal sword fight.”
I could do normal. My main concern was keeping the contents of my stomach where they were and not on the floor. Nervousness had churned my insides into a frenzy. Watching Sykes and Remy spar had taken me to another level. I was petrified. What if I humiliated myself?
I turned and swallowed panic. Kim held an ornate Knight’s Templar sword with an ivory grip, cross and crown on the knuckle guard, and crusader scenes depicted on the ornate blade. The nickel–plated sheath, which she’d already strapped on, indicated the sword once belonged to royalty. And the way Kim cut the air with ease and confidence showed she was used to wielding it. But the smile on her lips said she couldn’t wait to kick my butt.
We’ll see about that. All I needed to do was remember every little thing Grampa had ever taught me and I’d be okay. I lifted my chin, walked forward, and inspected the displayed pieces—samurai, katana, ninja, medieval. Some were mounted on plaques, others sheathed, but I knew what I wanted, what I was used to. I stopped before the Robin Hood swords and took one down. Wooden grip, the sloping guard engraved with stags and trumpeter angels, and the pommel with its jadeite-like stone in the middle of the cross bore the insignia “Robin of Locksley”. I tested it. Small, light, and very appropriate.
“Good choice,” Grampa said from behind me.
I whipped around. He was with Aunt Janelle and two others, a tall blond with piercing blue eyes and an Asian lady with hair rolled into a bun on the back of her head. From the way they were packing, they were back from a hunt. Were they here to watch us? My confidence took a nose dive as they disappeared into the training room.
Chapter 10.  Nosferatu


“Kick Kim’s ass for me, okay?” Izzy said as she helped me with a chest guard, but it was obvious she spoke louder so Kim could hear her, too.
“You wish,” Kim retorted from a few feet away. “Dang it. I can’t believe I have to put on this stupid thing.” She tugged at the last strap on her guard, shot me a mean glance, and left the room.
I shook my head. Kenta-daisensei had insisted we both wear chest protection and gloves, but the way Kim carried on, one would think it was my idea. I never wore a vest when I trained with Grampa, and neither had Remy or Sykes earlier. “Is she always such a bitch?”
Izzy’s hands stilled. I regretted my question. My mouth tended to run faster than my brain when I was nervous. “Never mind,” I added.
“The answer is no, she just happens to have a lot on her mind. Maybe once she sweeps the floor with you, she’ll feel better.” Izzy grinned as though she was relishing the thought.
“Excuse me?”
Izzy hesitated as though debating how to answer me. She glanced toward the door to the practice room and sighed. “You want to know something?”
I nodded.
“You’re part of the reason Kim’s become very driven.”
I scowled. Izzy moved behind me to adjust the straps in the back. The chest guard was light and snug, but it still felt foreign. “Me? Why?”
“Did you see the Cardinal who came in with your grandfather?”
“The man or the woman?”
“Not the woman. That’s Hsia. The man, Seth, is Kim’s great uncle. He’s a renowned swordsman, started teaching her before she could walk.”
That wasn’t what I needed to hear now, but I didn’t see how he was relevant to why I was the cause of Kim’s nasty mood. “What are you saying?”
“I’m saying she needs to impress him. Kim’s family puts a lot of pressure on her. In fact, every generation of Cardinals has had someone from her family, something they’ve come to accept as their right. Why? Because theirs is one of the few families who arrange marriages for their children, an attempt to wipe out human traits from their gene pool. That’s not to say Kim flaunts her lineage over us or anything like that. She’s pretty cool when her family is not pushing her hard. But learning about your powers threw her for a loop.”
I frowned. “Why?”
“Because not only will her family expect her to be as good as dear old Seth, they’ll want her to be more powerful than you.”
“Me? That’s crazy. Why should they care?”
Izzy came from behind me and gave me an annoyed look. “Your grandpa is the leader of the present Cardinals.”
I shook my head, still not getting it. “So?”
“So for three consecutive generations of Guardians, someone from Kim’s family led the Cardinals. That changed when the CT chose Tariel as the leader and then your grandfather, after Tariel was taken and turned. Do the math.”
Oh brother. Even among the powerful there was hierarchical crap and battle for supremacy. How lame. I almost felt sorry for Kim. But despite what Izzy had said, Kim did act like she was better than everyone. I’d seen the way she dismissed my human friends.
“So you, Sykes, and Remy are not related to the other Cardinals?”
“No-oo. We’re all first generation, which is pretty cool. No pressure.”
“Do you live here with your family?”
She shook her head, and for a brief second, her brown eyes dimmed and the corners of her lips tilted downwards. “No. When we turned sixteen and our powers appeared, we left Xenith and moved in with foster families. I’ve been staying with Kim’s. But as soon as I finish high school, I’ll get my own place. Remy and Sykes lucked out. They recently moved into their own place. You’d better go before they send someone to get you. Good luck.”
I couldn’t think of anything to say to ease her sadness. “Thanks, Izzy.”
She dismissed my words with a wave of her hand. I checked my sword to make sure it was secure in its sheath before I left the weaponry room. Sykes and Remy stood against the southern wall when I entered the practice room. They gave me thumbs up signals and encouraging smiles. The instructors, Grampa, and Seth conversed near the entrance door, but Aunt Janelle and Hsia had disappeared.
I walked forward to where Kim waited in the middle of the floor, her hand on the pommel of her sword, her eyes narrowed. I faced her and smiled. She didn’t return my smile. I blew out a breath.
It was just a spar, not a real fight. Relax. Focus. I repeated the two things Grampa had drilled into me like a mantra and tried to control my breathing. It wasn’t working. Nervousness wound my stomach tight.
Kenta approached us. “Remember, no use of your powers, just clean sword fighting. The instructors are here to make sure no one gets hurt. If you get a cut, Izzy can take care of it. Draw,” Kenta said.
I pulled out my sword. He placed a guard on its tip, and Kim did likewise with hers.
Kenta stepped back and raised his hand. “En Garde.”
Kim angled her sword until the tip pointed at my face. I blinked. I couldn’t believe she was trying to intimidate me by putting me on point. I adjusted my footing, shifting my left foot back until both feet were shoulder width apart. I gripped my sword, elbow close to my body and wrist ready to tilt the sword in a block. Even though Kim’s longer sword offset her petite form, my height gave me an extra range.
“Go,” Kenta said.
Kim thrust her blade at me. Clang. I pushed it to the left and shuffled sideways. But in one smooth motion, she disengaged from under and came at me with an over cut. Whoosh. Clang. I warded off the attack and turned the motion into a counterstrike.
Feint…strike…parry…counterstrike… The clanging sounds and heavy breathing filled the room. I studied Kim’s style, her footwork and speed, pattern and flow, and tried to find weaknesses. Her movements were smooth, her attacks precise. When I thought I had her pattern pegged, she changed it. She controlled the fight and soon backed me against the wall.
“You’re good,” I said, breathing hard.
Kim shot me a smug smile. “I know.”
Humility wasn’t encoded in her purebred genes. I started to lose my cool, which didn’t bode well for me. Getting riled only made you careless, a lesson I learned from Grampa. Never stopped me though—I sucked at losing. And more than ever, I wanted to wipe that arrogant smile off Kim’s face.
Focus, Grampa telepathed me.
I couldn’t afford to let my attention wander to him, but tension was thick in the air. He was right. I needed to loosen up. Deep breaths, slow releases, personal feelings toward Kim pushed aside. I started the next bout more alert. I went after her with a cross cut. She shuffled backward and stretched out her arm to block, giving me a slight opening for a preemptive attack. I took it with a flurry of combination strikes.
Left…right…left…
She attempted to block me, controlling her sword with rapid wrist tilts. Soon she switched to elbow motion, shuffling backward to put some distance between us. I moved in, not giving her a break. When the elbow failed her, she went for shoulder movement, her sword veering too far from the middle of her torso. Her swings slowed down and the long slashes started affecting her balance.
I shuffled back and let her go.
We stared at each other, chests heaving and sweat pouring down our faces. Was that shock in Kim’s eyes? I guess she hadn’t expected me to turn the tables on her. I grinned. Her eyes narrowed.
She came at me with an over cut, anger making her reckless. I took control of the flow of the fight again. The longer we continued, the angrier she became and the less subtle her mistakes appeared. I recalled Izzy’s words, how this fight was so important to Kim. Maybe I should give her control. After all, I didn’t need to impress anyone.
I slowed down my attacks and gave her an opening. Out of nowhere, a short burst of air swept around my ankles. I lost my footing and came down hard, the contact with the floor sending a stinging pain up my back.
Somehow, I managed to hold my sword above my head to block Kim’s, which stopped a few inches from my face.
Sweat rolled down my forehead and into my eyes, causing me to blink several times, but my gaze didn’t waver from Kim’s triumphant grin. I could not believe she used her powers on me, the cheat. And I’d been willing to let her win. I was tempted to sweep my leg under her and knock her on her ass.
“Okay. That’s enough,” Kenta-daisensei called out.
“Not bad, rookie,” Kim said. Then she sheathed her sword and offered me her hand.
She was faking good sportsmanship now?
“You’d better accept my hand because they’re watching,” she warned in a hard voice.
I glanced behind her at our audience. She was right. All eyes were on us, the room quiet. I accepted Kim’s hand, and she pulled me up. The room came alive as the instructors and trainees descended on us.
“Well done, Kim, Lil,” Kenta said.
Grampa wasn’t far behind. “Good job,” he said and pushed a towel in my hand.
I wiped my face and scoffed. “She trounced me,” I said when I wanted to yell, “She cheated.”
Grampa laughed and handed me bottled water. “What I saw was every move I ever taught you perfected. Besides, Pilar has the added advantage of being taught by the world’s best swordsman.”
“Me,” Seth said as he came to stand beside us. He was about Grampa’s height and build but clean-shaven. His blond hair hung to his shoulders, and his smile didn’t reach his piercing blues eyes. I wondered if he knew Kim had cheated.
He slapped Grampa’s back. “Falcon is right. You have good form, speed, and agility, a real match for our Kim here.” He squeezed Kim’s shoulder and offered me his hand. “I’m Seth, Kim’s great uncle and the Cardinal Air Guardian. Now that Ares has stopped gallivanting in that thing he calls a home, I can give all of you kids a few pointers together.”
Somehow, I couldn’t see the man as benevolent. “That would be nice, sir.”
“I noticed that your parries are a little—”
“No time for lessons, Seth. We’ve all been waiting to welcome Lil,” Hsia said, her eyes twinkling. Like Aunt Janelle, she wore dark brown outdoors clothes, matching boots, and a coat. Strapped around her waist were belts of throwing knives. She gripped my forearms and kissed my cheeks. Then she leaned back and grinned, tiny lines creasing the corners of her eyes. “I heard you wanted to change some of your classes at school?”
I laughed. Her timing sucked. “Yes, ma’am. Pre-calc for algebra and chemistry instead of biology.”
“Consider it done. Stop by the office tomorrow before class for your new schedule.”
“Thank you,” I said, liking her already.
She patted my cheek then turned to Kim. “Come with me, dear. You and I need to have a little chat.”
As I watched them walk toward the northern wall, a sudden hush fell over the room and everyone’s attention shifted. I followed their gaze to the door leading to the hallway, and my jaw dropped. The most unusual woman I’d ever seen stood beside Aunt Janelle in the doorway. Her long, straight black hair had a shock of white running from the left forehead and across the crown of her head to the back. As if her hair wasn’t distracting enough, she wore heavy Gothic makeup, which would have looked garish on someone as pale as she, yet on her it seemed just right. Her pants and duster were pitch black and studded, unlike the other Cardinals’ palettes of brown.
She sashayed toward us, leaving Aunt Janelle behind. The others shuffled out of her way. There was something hypnotic about her walk, something untamed and predatory in her eyes as she glanced from one face to another without speaking. No one spoke, not even Grampa. When I glanced at him, his eyes twinkled with amusement.
I blinked when the riveting woman drew closer. There was an increase in warmth in the air as though she radiated heat. And her eyes were weird—the left one was silver gray and the other green. Was she the last Cardinal? Since Aunt Janelle was the Earth Guardian and Hsia the Time, she must be the Energy. Up close, I couldn’t see a single line on her beautiful face.
I realized she was scrutinizing my features too, my hair. She smiled, a perfect set of teeth sparkling behind dark red lips. “So you’re the darling child who froze omnis last night,” she said in a soft purr.
I heard gasps behind me, and my cheeks warmed. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Call me Moira.” She put her hand behind my back and nudged me forward. I felt the heat from her hand through my clothing. “Walk with me.”
I strolled beside her and away from the others. She and I were about the same height, which made it easy to tailor my strides to hers.
“So tell me, dear. How did you stop them?”
“I just raised my hand and yelled, ‘Stop.’”
“That’s all?”
I shivered, recalling the terror. “I guess I focused really hard.”
“Focused, huh? Ares, you need to bring this child on our next hunt.”
“She’s not ready,” Grampa said.
I looked over my shoulder and realized that he and the others were right behind us, listening to our conversation. It was as though Moira tethered them to her.
“You see these?” Moira said, drawing my attention back to her. She tapped her silver gray eye and touched a lock of her white hair. “A demon zapped me with an omni. I couldn’t stop it, not with my weapons or my own energy balls. It exploded in my face. Of course, I made sure I hunted down the spawn of Tartarus responsible and made him regret crossing my path. Now I wear it as a testimony of my strength and enjoy using it to my advantage. In pitch dark, they usually know when I’m coming. Be proud, little one. Omnis are the devil to stop.” She grinned at her choice of words.
I liked this woman, loved the way she embraced who, or what, she was with pride and dignity. “Actually, I was so terrified I can’t really say how I did it.”
Moira threw back her head and laughed. “Honest and modest, I like that.” She stopped walking and kissed both my cheeks. Her lips were hot. I resisted the urge to touch my cheeks and check for blisters. She also had a unique scent, tangy yet sweet.
“Welcome to our little family.” She shot the others a glance though I couldn’t interpret the meaning behind it. “We’ll talk again.” Then in sparkling dust, she dematerialized.
I felt rather than heard the collective sighs that filled the room. Were they sighs of relief or disappointment? I couldn’t tell because Grampa and the Cardinals disappeared soon after and the trainees left with their individual instructors, leaving me behind with Kenta and Mrs. Deveraux.
For a moment they didn’t speak, and I had a feeling they wanted to ask me something. At last, Kenta said, “Next time you spar with anyone, don’t throw the fight like you did earlier. I don’t care what your reasons are. Don’t do it.”
I blinked. Why was he angry with me? “What about Kim’s behavior?”
“What about it?” he asked.
“She…she…” I glowered then sighed. “Nothing.”
“I see. One thing I’ll teach you in the coming months is to stand up for yourself. Bullies come in many forms. I’ll see you tomorrow. Go with Azure.” He nodded at Mrs. Deveraux, and then he teleported from the room.
Great. First day of training and I already pissed off my instructor. I blew out air.
“Don’t worry. He’ll get over it,” Mrs. Deveraux said and took my arm. She led me toward the door. “Between you and me, I think you intimidate him a little.”
I scrunched my face. “Why?”
“Kenta never trained anyone who causes electrical storms and freezes omnis. He needs a new strategy. Even your fighting is superior to the others, but I guess that’s expected. Your grandfather is an amazing swordsman.”
“I thought Kim’s uncle had that title.”
She threw me a little smile. “Yes, he does.”
Leaving the practice room behind, we turned left toward the corner of the L-shaped hallway. Doors I didn’t notice earlier were cracked open, the other trainees and their personal instructors busy at work.
“How do you like Cache High?” Mrs. Deveraux asked.
I shrugged. “It’s okay.”
“You’ve made friends?”
I nodded.
“That’s good. You must try to act like a normal teenager at all times, and that includes interacting with humans as much as possible. Make friends. Hang out at the mall or wherever kids frequent. Don’t give them a reason to believe you’re different. Here’s our room.” She pushed open a door, reached inside, and flipped on a switch.
Neon lights flooded a rectangular room with a moderately high ceiling and textured white walls. Blue gym mats covered the floor, and foam blocks of different sizes and colors were scattered everywhere. It looked like a giant child’s playroom, the bright colors jarring.
Several thick books sat on top of a table at the right corner of the room. The top one had a well-preserved brown leather cover with floral and geometrical design in gold gilt around the Cardinal insignia, and two golden clasps held it closed.
“Those are for you. Demonology Volume I and II, and our history,” Mrs. Deveraux explained.
I groaned.
She frowned. “What is it?”
“I hate history.”
She walked to where two meditation mats were set side by side. “Ours is very engrossing, you’ll find out. Skim through it and see. Xenia, the gracious founder of our home, Xenith, was quite a controversial figure in her time. You’ll find her very intriguing. The Rift, when some of our people decided they didn’t like her agenda and started their evil practices, is also interesting. Start with those two chapters. Keep all the volumes away from your human friends. The demonology books can only be opened by Guardians, but still, trying to explain them can be tricky. Sit here.” She pointed at a red mat, kicked off her shoes, and sat on the blue one, the bottoms of her feet touching.
I copied her.
“If you have any history questions, talk to Hsia. As a Cardinal Time Guardian, she has seen some of the events in the book and can explain them better than anyone. I will help with demonology if you need. The books are for reference, but it doesn’t hurt to familiarize yourself with the most powerful demons and their abilities. Any questions?”
I mentally went over the group in the training room. “How many Cardinal Guardians are here in the valley?”
Sadness entered her eyes. “There should be six in each continent but we lost the Cardinal Water Guardian and we haven’t been able to replace him.”
If they accepted Bran, that wouldn’t be an issue anymore. “So there are only five Cardinals Guardians for the entire North America?”
Mrs. D. grimaced. “For the whole world. Once, we had teams of six in each continent, but the war has taken a toll on us. Losing Xenia’s Kris Dagger didn’t help.”
I shook my head. “What?” I asked.
“Our sacred weapon. It disappeared when Tariel was taken and turned. We’ve been at a disadvantage since it disappeared fifty years ago.”
First Izzy, now Mrs. D. It bugged me that everyone just assumed that Bran’s grandfather became evil when it wasn’t true.
“We might be more powerful than them, but they outnumber us hundred to one. They first targeted the Cardinals, then mid-level Guardians and the trainees. The last attack on us was ten years ago at our camp in New England. We’re lucky your grandfather’s team survived. But we’re bouncing back. We’ve had quite a number of powerful children in the last several years, and they’re being trained at secret locations all over the world, in places the demons would never think of looking.”
She smiled as though to reassure me, but my wariness just shot up. I had questions, but most of them could wait until later. “Is Moira different from us?”
Mrs. D. grinned. “You noticed, huh?”
I nodded.
“Most of us are Neteru. She’s Nosferatu.”
I blinked. “Nos-what?”
“A vampire, dear. The last of her kind in Xenith.”
Shock glued my tongue to the roof of my mouth. I had spoken with a vampire, stood right beside one and lived to talk about it. “Does she drink…drink…”
“Blood?” Mrs. D. laughed. “Of course, but it’s nothing like it’s portrayed in movies or books. You’ll find out more in here.” She tapped the Xenith history book. “However, Moira is not a full-blooded Nosferatu, which is why she can hunt during the day. Now, back to your schedule. We’ll spend an hour a day working on your powers. Today we’ll start with pranayama—the breathing exercise I use in yoga. It will help you focus. After that, everything is possible.”
It took awhile to get my mind off Moira. How were Neterus different from Nosferatus? Maybe reading the history of my people wouldn’t be such a bad idea. I grimaced when I realized I’d just referred to Guardians as my people.
“Breathe in…hold…exhale,” Mrs. D. instructed, interrupting my thoughts.
I inhaled, held my breath, and exhaled. Nosferatus. Neterus. What other kinds of beings were there?

Chapter 11.  Betrayed

The next morning, I went to school early to see Hsia. A few students sauntered from their cars, their heads down, eyes on their iPods or cell phones. I hurried across the parking lot and Grizzly Boulevard, and entered the school building.
Two students lounged in the counselors’ waiting room. One had his face buried in a manga. The second, listening to an iPod and rocking his head, ogled me and didn’t bother to stop even after I sat. I ignored him.
More students walked in. A few went in to talk to the other counselors. Fifteen minutes later, Hsia hadn’t arrived. I was busy debating whether to leave and telepath her later when she waltzed through the door. She wore a lemon-colored traditional baggy Chinese cheongsam dress with a bright orange jacket. Last night she was all about stealth and camouflage in her standard demon-hunter uniform. Today, she looked like a circus tent. She could be two different women if it weren’t for the same sparkling eyes.
A bunch of kids jumped to their feet, and started talking at once.
“Mrs. Kwan, I sent you an e-mail…”
“You told me to stop by this morning…”
“I have to change…”
Hsia pointed at the manga reader then the iPod guy. “Jason and Cory, I’ll see you two next, then you, you, and you.” Her gaze came to me. “Come with me, Lil.”
The boy with the iPod grumbled. I felt a twinge of guilt and flashed him an apologetic look. I got a scowl in response. Feeling worse, I hoisted my backpack to my shoulder and followed Hsia into her office.
She closed the door, went behind her overflowing oak desk, and turned on the computer and printer. She waved toward the chair across from hers and sat. “Sit, hon. It is so nice to finally have you and your grandfather back with us. How do you like it here?”
I perched on the edge of the chair and shrugged. “It’s okay.”
“Made friends yet?”
I nodded but she was off again. She spoke fast, jumping from topic to topic.
“Appearance is everything, okay? We must fit in as much as we can, but if anyone meets you in the dead of the night hunting, you don’t want them to recognize you.”
Was that why she dressed so flamboyantly during the day?
“Do you have a cell phone?”
“No. Grampa doesn’t like modern technology.”
Hsia laughed. “I know. Ask him to get you all these gadgets young people insist on having these days. Money shouldn’t be an issue. There’s more than enough in the accounts to go around.”
Great. Grampa had resisted buying me a cell phone. I begged for an iPod two birthdays in a row, and my present laptop was at least three years old. I told him I needed wireless Internet for homework and research, but he always had excuses. I had assumed money was the issue. Now I knew better.
While Hsia typed something on her computer, I gave her office a sweeping glance. One wall had a bookshelf of old leather books. On another, several clocks vied for space. They all showed different times. Two ancient maps of the world took up the remaining two walls. One, with more land than water, didn’t look like any world atlas I knew. The second had an exaggerated drawing of North America.
“Ptolemy’s,” Hsia said, pointing to the first one. “And that one over there is Ortelius’. Dutch geographer. I hear you don’t like history.”
Mrs. D. talked to her already? “Not really.”
“Has Ares talked to you about why Xenia chose a parallel universe for us?”
I guess she was going to give me history lessons whether I wanted them or not. “No.”
“So we’re not tempted to influence humanity like our ancestors did. And that’s why we blend in, and try not to alter the course of history or people’s perception of things.”
“Even if they destroy each other in the process,” I mumbled.
Hsia nodded. “That’s the beauty of free will, choosing right from wrong, making mistakes and learning from them. All we can do is level the playing field by stopping demons.” The printer whirred, and a paper snaked out. Hsia picked it up and passed it to me.
“This is why we want Bran, Lil. Having Tariel’s family back would be wonderful, but if we can convert more demons to our side, we come out winners. Some of our people don’t agree with that assessment, but it’s an opportunity we can’t ignore.” She got up. “Get in touch if you have any history questions.”
I stood, backpack in one hand, my new schedule in the other. “Thank you, Mrs. Kwan.”
“Hsia, please. Keep training and stay out of trouble.”
I slipped my new schedule in the back pocket of my jeans, gave her a brief wave, and left her office. The woman could talk. I hurried to my locker, not paying attention to the students in the hallway.
The morning dragged, especially after my brief meeting with the pre-calc teacher, Mr. Johnson. “You’ve missed two weeks of class, Ms. Falcon,” the rotunda teacher with curly brown hair told me. “Do you have a legitimate reason?”
I couldn’t tell him that my grandfather had waited until I started showing powers before he decided to relocate us to the valley, or that along the way, he’d taken detours to annihilate pesky demons and added a week to our trip. “We moved here last week,” I explained.
“Make sure your parents fill out an absentee form. You have a choice to either read on your own and do past assignments and tests, or attend credit restoration classes on Saturdays.”
“I’ll do the assignments,” I said.
“Fine.” He dismissed me with a wave. I hurried back to my seat, too aware of the other students’ curious gazes. It was the first day of school all over, and I hated it.
Later, I felt even weirder in Mrs. Deveraux’s class now that I knew she was a Civilian Guardian. First time I saw her, I thought she was a laid back, non-conformist. With her charm bracelets, dangling earrings, bright clothes, and trendy glasses, she was a flashy dresser like Hsia.
Someone tugged at one of my braids as soon as I took two steps out of the class.
“Hey, Red.”
I ground my teeth and turned to find a grinning Sykes. I would have said something rude if it weren’t for the buffed-up jock by his side.
His friend whipped out his cell phone, snapped my picture before I could say anything, and gave me an expectant grin. “Cool name. How do you spell it?”
“Red is not my name.” I continued to walk, mindful of students coming toward us.
“Her name is Lilith,” Sykes said, moving to my left. “L-I-L-I-T-H.”
I sent him a withering look. I hated that name. No one, not even Grampa, ever used it.
“I’m Doug,” his friend said, flanking me on the other side, his eyes running up and down my jean-clad legs and lingering on my chest. He leered. “You’re new, right?”
I rolled my eyes. This was so old. “Right.” I didn’t mean to listen to his thoughts, but the gleam in his eyes had me digging into his psyche. He thought I was hot. Cool. And he wanted to…ew, bad jock, bad, bad. Forget free will. I’m stopping this bonehead.
No, don’t ask me out…go away…leave me alone…pretend you don’t know me.
“Are you going to the school dance…?” Doug’s voice trailed off in the middle of the sentence, and he turned to Sykes. “I’ve got to go, man.” He took off without looking at me.
I stared after him with round eyes. Did it work?
Sykes put his arm around my shoulder. “Power of persuasion. Way to go, Red.”
Bran had said I could make people do things, but I never believed him. “Did I really…no-no, I didn’t.”
“Did too,” Sykes retorted.
“Are you sure?” I grinned, proud of my accomplishment.
“What kind of moron starts to ask a babe out but stops mid-sentence and bolts? You zapped him.”
I gave Sykes’ worn-out jeans with rips and scruffy white tee a disgusted look. Why did he always wear worn-out clothes? The only things that looked new and well-kept were the ever-present fingerless gloves. “Maybe you scared him off with your hobo-inspired fashion.”
He let go of my shoulders, spun on his black canvas shoes, and posed. “You like?”
“No.”
He laughed and planted his arm across my shoulders again. “I have style, Red. And no, it wasn’t me. ‘Don’t ask me out…go away…leave me alone.’ Sound familiar?”
He even got the sequence right. I laughed. Having powers wasn’t so bad. If only it didn’t include hunting demons.
“You think you could use that particular talent on some of the babes in my class?”
I rolled my eyes and tried to dislodge his arm. “You have a…one…track…mind.”
As if to prove my point, two gorgeous girls in ultra-slim pants and figure-hugging tops walked toward us, their eyes eating him up. “Hi, Sykes,” they said in a chorus then gave me a sharp look.
“Hey.” He flashed a charming smile then turned his head to check them out as they walked past, brow lifting in appreciation. He whispered, “Me with a one track mind? Try them, totally shameless. They can’t seem to think about anything but me. I hear their thoughts all the time.”
“You mean you listen to their thoughts,” I corrected him.
“Same difference. And it’s so distracting.” His grin said otherwise.
Sykes was a class act, incorrigible. Studying him on the sly, I could see what girls saw in him—long blond hair and amber eyes, dented chin and a lithe, masculine body. Add a flirtatious smile and clean masculine scent, and you had a teen heartthrob. I inhaled. He did smell nice.
Not like Bran though. Bran’s pine scent was addictive, made my mind go foggy and my insides mushy. His dazzling smile—
“Are you drooling over me, Red?” Sykes asked, yanking me to the present.
I made a play of sniffing him to cover my embarrassment. “No, just appreciating that scent you favor. What is it? Soap or lotion?”
Sykes’s eyes widened. He laughed. “You are full of surprises, Lil. I like that.” He stopped in front of a door. “Here we are. Your chemistry class.” His arm dropped from my shoulders.
I peeked inside. The class was already packed. I pulled out the new schedule Hsia had given me and verified it was the right room. “How did you know?”
“Hsia. Come on. I’ll find you an empty seat.”
His cavalier attitude wasn’t funny. “I can find my own way, thank you.” One empty seat was in front of the class. I took it.
Sykes waved to a few students, pointed at one and signaled something that escaped me, and then squatted beside my desk. “See you at lunch, right?”
“Sure. I’ll be seated with my friends across from your table.”
He chuckled. “I don’t have a table, but today, you sit with us.”
“Why?” I asked. Before he could answer, a boyish-looking man walked into the classroom with quick steps and went to the front of the class. “The teacher just walked in. You need to leave.”
Sykes didn’t even bother to look. “See you at lunch.” His voice had more steel than sweetness. Just then, I was reminded that behind his charming, playful exterior was a killing machine. I scowled as he swaggered out of the class. Why was he acting weird?
The teacher spoke, and I pushed matters of the Guardians aside. Mr. Whitley turned out to be cool. The class was already on chapter four, atomic structure, but he promised to give me a packet of reading material, homework, and tests. “Take your time; there’s no hurry,” he added.
I liked him.

***

Sykes was outside my class when the bell rang, girls swarming around him. He left them and fell in step with me as I walked past.
“Don’t let me pull you away from your adoring fans,” I teased him.
“They’re not important. You are.”
“Yeah, right.” Heads whipped around to watch us. I ignored them.
Down by the lockers, I realized I needed to get rid of him. I planned to eat lunch and then find a quiet place to telepath Bran. I couldn’t do that with Sykes dogging my footsteps.
I closed my locker and pinned him down with a glare. “So? What’s up with the overbearing, big-brother routine?”
He stopped smiling, glanced around, and spoke in a lowered voice. “You were attacked and the Cardinals left us out of the loop. We didn’t know about it until last evening when you told Moira about freezing the omnis, which, by the way, must have been something. We want details.”
Grampa hadn’t said I shouldn’t talk to the trainees about Bran. Besides, I wanted to set the record straight about his grandfather. Tariel hadn’t been turned.
“I heard your grandfather read both the tech guys and the security team the riot act for not catching demonic presence,” Sykes said as we headed toward the cafeteria. “He almost ripped the chairman’s head off. Everyone is tense or pissed. Having demons in our valley is unacceptable.”
What about half-demons? I wanted to ask him. We entered the cafeteria, and noticed Kylie, McKenzie, and Amelia at a table. Nikki, Cade, and Zack were missing. Kim’s table was still empty. “Okay. I’ll stop by your table later.”
“Like I said, I don’t have a table. See ya.”
I got my food and joined my friends. “Where were you this morning?” McKenzie asked as soon as I sat. “You missed Cook’s quiz. It was hard.”
I explained the whole paperwork mix up and my new class schedule.
“I wanted you to be my study partner,” McKenzie moaned with a pout. The brunette was sweet, but out of the four girls, she was the most melodramatic. Everything was personal with her.
“So you’re a dork like my brother,” Kylie teased.
I scrunched my face. “I wouldn’t call myself that.”
“You should join my clubs,” Amelia said.
Kylie shook her head, her horrified expression made comical by her Goth makeup. When Amelia looked at her, Kylie gave her an innocent smile.
“What clubs?” I asked Amelia.
“Math,” she said. “It’s fun.”
Kylie stuck a finger in her mouth, imitating vomiting.
“Or MESA—Math, Engineering, and Science Achievement,” Amelia added.
Kylie mimicked a hanging, tongue lolling from the corner of her mouth. “All they do is hook up,” she said. “Nikki met Zack at a MESA meeting.”
“And you met Cade at a UTOPIA meeting. Artists club,” Amelia explained for my benefit. “She’s an amazing writer, an assistant editor for The Grizzly, but she carries on like being smart is a mortal sin.” She made a face at Kylie.
I liked these girls, loved their wacky personalities and their senseless bickering. I never had friends like them before. I never had friends, period.
The discussion stayed on after-school activities for a while and then moved to colleges. Since I didn’t know anything about my future, except that I’d be killing demons, I didn’t contribute to the conversation. Instead, I let my mind wander. Soon I was eavesdropping on people’s thoughts around the cafeteria. Most students stressed about the same things—hooking up, grades, and family. A few worried about video games and sports. Others had serious issues—pregnancy, abusive fathers, mothers, boyfriends.
Kylie bumped me on the arm and pulled me out of my woolgathering. “I think they’re trying to get your attention.”
I followed the direction of her gaze to Kim’s table. Remy waved me over. I looked at the faces around my table and shrugged. “Dojo business. See you guys later.”
I headed across the cafeteria and slid into a seat across from Remy. They all wore serious expressions. “What’s up, guys?”
“We want to know what happened Monday night,” Remy said without hesitation. The others nodded. “The Cardinals keep things from us and won’t let us hunt while other trainees around the world do. They think we’re not ready.”
“But the fact that you faced three demons alone and survived proves them wrong,” Sykes added.
“I wasn’t alone.” Surprise registered on everyone’s face. “Remember the Cardinal Water Guardian Coronis kidnapped fifty years ago?”
“Tariel,” Sykes said.
“Coronis turned him,” Izzy added.
“She didn’t. His grandson came here looking for help.” I told them everything Bran told me about his family and the events of the past few days, without revealing Gavyn’s true identity. The silence that followed was deafening.
“Tariel’s grandchildren are half demons,” Izzy said with a grimace.
“They can’t be trusted,” Sykes added.
Remy frowned. “You said he has water powers?”
I nodded.
“It doesn’t matter what his powers are,” Kim cut in. “The CT will never allow a demon to join us. I now understand why my dad’s been in a crappy mood since he met with the Cardinals two nights ago. I bet he thinks we shouldn’t help them. I don’t think we should.”
This was ridiculous. “Why are you guys judging Bran when you haven’t even met him? He’s not evil.” They stared at me in bewilderment. “What?”
“Sorry to burst your bubble, little sister, but you just got your powers. What do you know about demons and their sneaky ways?” Izzy asked, and the others nodded. “This could be a scam.”
“It’s no—”
“And you guys know what happened the last time one of them sneaked into our community and claimed to be nice,” Kim added, cutting me off.
Remy nodded. “Others followed and they slaughtered our people in cold blood.”
“I don’t care whether he’s Tariel’s son or grandson. Once a fiend always a fiend,” Sykes said in a cold voice.
I lost it. “Stop it, guys. Just stop it!” My gaze moved from one shocked expression to another. A few nearby students looked at our table. I glared at them and leaned forward to speak in a hushed tone. “I thought you guys would understand, but it’s obvious you have prejudices against anyone that’s different from you. Bran didn’t ask for his grandfather to be kidnapped by Coronis, and neither did he choose who his mother is. He’s willing to turn his back on her and everything she stands for, yet you condemn him for it.” I locked gazes with Izzy. “You want to know how I know he’s good. I’m an empath, just like my grandfather. There’s no scam and no hidden agenda. He’s a good guy.”
No one spoke.
Disappointment at their attitudes cut me deep. I stood. They still didn’t say anything, their expressions unyielding. I couldn’t explain it, but I felt betrayed, like they’d turned against me. Too angry to speak, I turned and walked away.

Chapter 12.  Weird or Demonic


I put the completed homework inside my folder then retrieved Homer Hickam’s October Sky from my backpack and left the kitchenette table. A quick glance inside the oven indicated the meatloaf was ready. I reduced the heat to warm, placed the tray of rice on the rack beside it, and headed to my bedroom. Instead of getting lost in Sonny’s world, I kicked off my shoes, flopped on my bed, and closed my eyes.
In the last week, I had developed a nasty habit of listening to people’s thoughts to pass time. It was dumb but very entertaining. I guess I should feel guilty, but since I didn’t know their identities, I didn’t care. Besides, Mrs. D. said it strengthened my telepathic abilities.
Within seconds, I was lost in the complexity of the human mind, the obsession with wealth and possessions, and the capacity to love. Two preschoolers with overactive imaginations were playing princesses in a bathtub. A woman with her newborn baby was already lining up play dates, planning his first birthday party, and…college? Unbelievable. Utah State or U of U?
Why not Stanford or Yale?
Stanford or Yale, the thought flashed in the woman’s head.
I got out of her head and moved to others, just listening. No more butting in. I tried to skip the naughty and the ugly, but some couldn’t be avoided—a man thinking about a date with his girlfriend while eating dinner with his wife, a young man contemplating shooting his abusive stepfather, a teenage boy fantasizing about…ew, boredom was turning me into a pervert.
I checked on the Guardians. A few were talking to each other, but I didn’t bother to find out their identities. Bran’s psi energy was still missing. I hadn’t bothered to locate his since the third day after he left. I missed him, which didn’t make sense since I’d only known him for a few days.
Sighing, I opened my eyes and looked at my watch. I still had thirty minutes to kill before I had to head to the dojo. For a moment, I listened to outside sounds floating in through the open window. Then I turned my attention to the pictures on the wall and piles of fantasy novels sitting beside my laptop. An idea popped into my head.
I closed my eyes, again, took a deep breath, held it, and released. Just like Mrs. D. had taught me. When I knew I was ready, I opened my eyes, propped myself on my elbow, and stared at plastic cup of markers and pens on my desk. Move.
Nothing happened.
I pointed at it and lifted my finger, slowly and easily. The cup still didn’t move. Argh, two days of practicing telekinesis and I still couldn’t get it. Focusing harder, I tried and tried. I wasn’t sure how long I kept at it, until I flung my hand in frustration.
The cup catapulted into the air and sent its contents flying every which way. I screamed and ducked to avoid being gouged in the eye. “Yes! I did it!” I yelled and kicked the air.
Still grinning, I picked up a pen from my bed and held it in front of me. Relaxing my fingers, I let it go. It dropped, but I managed to freeze it before it hit the floor. I didn’t get why I stopped omnis with so much ease yet sucked at moving everything else. The pen wobbled as I lifted it higher and higher, until it dangled above my bed.
Still pointing, I moved it around my room. As my confidence increased, I added more things—markers, pencils, erasers. Soon I had every lightweight object from my desk floating around my room. I made weird and funny formations in the air. Becoming bolder, I added lotions, deodorant, books.
“Very nice,” Grampa said in the doorway.
I lost focus and ducked for the second time to avoid being hit. No such luck. Pens, lotions, and deodorants rained on me. “Thanks,” I yelled.
“You’re welcome.” Grampa chuckled as he walked away. 
I ignored the mess, jumped off the bed, and joined him in the kitchen, where he was peering inside the oven. Now that I knew what he did for a living, I worried when I didn’t see him by the end of the day or in the morning before I left for school. Of late, he’d been keeping weird hours.
“Dinner looks good,” he said, pulling out the trays and setting them on the stovetop.
“Thanks.”
“Shouldn’t you be heading to the dojo?” he added as he reached inside the cupboard for a plate.
I looked at my watch and groaned. Quarter to four. I ran into my bedroom to change into my new dojo clothes—black pants, matching tank top and hoodie, and black suede boots. Aunt Janelle dropped them off last night. When I returned, Grampa was on the sofa eating. He looked tired and distracted, and his beard needed a trim. “Is everything okay, Grampa?”
He nodded and kept chewing.
I broached the subject he’d evaded the past week. “Has the CT decided on Bran’s case yet?”
A frown touched his face as he reached for the glass of orange juice and took a mouthful. I sighed. He was going to shake his head and give me his standard answer, “Focus on your training and school.” I didn’t know why I even bothered to ask him about Bran.
I grabbed the truck keys from where I’d left them on the kitchenette table and started for the door. “See you later, Grampa. Don’t work too hard.”
“There’re a couple of them who’re not sure Tariel didn’t turn, but they’ll come around.”
My heart lifted and I turned to face him. “I hope they give Bran a chance to explain.”
Grampa nodded. “They’re doing that, right now.”
That was the best news I’d heard in the last seven days. I ran to Grampa and kissed him on the forehead. “Thanks for letting me know.” He just shook his head and went back to his food.
I left the trailer and ran to the truck. All the way to the dojo, I played the stereo loud and drummed the steering wheel. Not knowing whether the Cardinals would help Bran or not bugged me. Maybe I’d see him again.
Izzy and Kim were in the foyer of the dojo when I arrived, both of them dressed like me. It was funny how wearing the same outfit made such a difference. I felt like I was one of them in spite of their professionally styled hair and manicures.
“Ready?” Izzy asked, interrupting my musing.
I grinned. On Monday, she started quizzing me on Xenithian history and Demonology. The others had since joined in, which kept me on my toes. After Grampa’s news, I was ready for anything. “Bring it on.”
“Name the three Nephilim subgroups,” Izzy said.
“Neterus, Nosferatus, and Werenephils. C’mon, challenge me.”
“Which ones left with Coronis?” Kim asked as she followed Izzy into the hallway and I fell in behind her. As usual, there were classes going on and intermittent sounds of ki-yah…ki-yah interrupted our conversation.
“Mainly Werenephils and Nosferatus. But some, like Moira’s father, remained in Xenith. Just like some Neteru went with Coronis.”
Izzy hit me with, “Which demons are mentioned in most mythology books?”
“Werenephils.” We turned the corner and almost bumped into Remy and Sykes, who were standing in the hallway talking.
“Which ones have the ability to turn into smoke and possess a person?” Remy chipped in.
“The Lazari.” I’d studied them because Bran’s mother was one.
“That’s what they call them?” Sykes asked. “What happened to the name smoke demons?”
Izzy made a disgusted sound. “Don’t you ever read your Demonology?”
He smirked. “No, they make better bookends. I got one for you, Red. Who created Xenia’s Kris Dagger and why?”
I scrunched my face. “Her father, Azazel, created it. Xenia was very powerful and the other Nephilim were envious of her. He made the dagger for her protection, but instead, she used it to create Xenith and moved there with her loyal friends and their families, including her older sister Coronis. They are our ancestors.”
Izzy whistled. “Someone’s been studying hard.”
“No, he asked me the same question yesterday, but I didn’t know the answer. I looked it up last night. Oh, and I lifted something using telekinesis.”
They stopped and turned around to look at me with varied expressions. “You have that ability, too?” Kim asked.
I nodded, feeling a bit self-conscious at the way they were staring. “My grandfather has it,” I said in a defensive voice.
“We know,” the four of them said in unison.
“So why the weird expressions?” I waved to indicate their faces, and Kim, who was closest to me, cringed. I frowned, getting irritated. This wasn’t the first time she recoiled when I came close to her. It started right after I told them about Bran, but it hadn’t bothered me until I noticed that Sykes stopped putting his arm around my shoulders like he used to. “Why is it you all treat me like I’ve got the plague or something? Is it because of Bran and your crazy belief that he’s evil? The last time I checked, evilness wasn’t contagious.”
Kim flung her head, her ponytailed golden locks swinging across her back. “This is not about that demon boy. You’re an empath.” She spat the word like it was some ugly disease.
I shook my head, not understanding. “So?”
“It’s an intrusive power,” Izzy explained in a nicer voice.
“Weird,” Kim added and crossed her arms.
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. “So what am I supposed to do? Turn it off.”
“Keep your hands to yourself.” Kim’s expression was serious.
I looked at Izzy, who just shrugged. Sykes couldn’t even meet my gaze. Remy tried to be diplomatic with his response. “Empaths who’ve mastered their ability can control it, only using it when they need to. We’re sure you’ll be able to do that with time.”
Meanwhile I had to keep my hands to myself. I shrugged like it didn’t matter, but frustration churned my insides like a twister. Just when I thought we were one happy team.
“Fine. Step aside. Coming through.” Both Kim and Izzy hustled out of my way, until their backs pressed against the hallway wall. Remy grabbed my hand as I passed him. Sykes took the other. I glanced at their gloved hands and threw them a disgusted look. “And what point are you two trying to prove?”
“That we don’t mind that you’re weird,” Sykes said with a smirk.
I laughed. I knew they minded, but I appreciated the fact that they were trying to spare my feelings. “Thanks, guys.”
“Do you know what time it is?” Kenta snapped from the doorway of the training room.
I pulled my hands from the guys’ and hurried inside the training room.

***

An hour and a half later, I flipped on the light switch and entered the room I used with Mrs. Deveraux. She wasn’t there yet. Even after a week of coming in here, the multi-colored foam blocks and bright blue gym mats still jarred my senses.
I kicked off my shoes, flopped onto the blue mat and glared at the ceiling. I was exhausted. The session with Kenta and the trainees had started on a wrong note and gotten worse. I couldn’t relax; and worse, he paired me with Kim during our sword practice. Did I push her? I was relentless. When we were done, her behind was on the floor. I offered her my hand, which she sneered at before teleporting away from me. Argh, I couldn’t stand that girl.
I punched the air with my fist. Whoosh. The colored foam blocks flew into the air as though pushed by an invisible force. Thump-thwack-thump. They landed back onto the gym mat. I repeated the same movement then slashed sideways, causing them to bounce off the walls.
Was I ever going to fit in with the trainees? Every time I thought we were a team, something happened to ruin it. I sent the blocks flying to the ceiling. Thump. Thwack. I guess I understood why they’d be wary of an empath. I just hated the way Kim brought it to my attention. And why had they reacted to my telekinetic abilities? I froze omnis with that ability, didn’t I?
“Well done,” Mrs. Deveraux said from the doorway.
I didn’t stop manipulating the blocks. I suspended them in mid-air and sat up.
“Very impressive. How long have you been practicing?” She came forward and knelt beside me.
“With the blocks?”
“With telekinesis in general.”
I shrugged. “Since Monday.”
“Wonderful. You’re mastering your powers quickly. Let’s try something new. Keep the blocks in place, and slowly…lower this.” She pressed my extended hand down until it rested on my lap. The blocks wobbled a bit then steadied. They stayed suspended. “With your powers, you don’t need to point at anything to move it. All you need is an image. Just look at it. Now move the blocks up and down without dropping any.”
By the time I finished with Mrs. Deveraux, I was more than ready to go home. I was beyond tired, physically, mentally, and psychically. I hurried along the hallway to the practice room to retrieve my hoodie.
Kenta and the other instructors were in one of the rooms. I hoped the other trainees were gone. I didn’t feel like seeing or talking to them. My stomach growled, and I looked at my watch. Almost seven. No wonder I was starving.
The training room was in darkness, but a shaft of light fell on its floor from the weaponry room. I heard mumbled voices before words registered. I slowed down to a stop and frowned.
“Don’t you think it’s weird she can freeze omnis and cause an electrical storm?” Kim asked in a low voice.
“I think it’s awesome,” Remy answered.
Kim clicked her tongue in annoyance. “You know I’m right. There’s something not right about her.”
“Why? Because she beats you at sword fights?” Sykes asked with a laugh.
“No, she doesn’t.”
Sykes snickered. “Does too. Even when you cheat. Now cork your envy bottle and leave her alone.”
“How about you start using your head around her instead of drooling like an idiot?”
“Bite me.”
“You wish.”
Silence followed, and I held my breath. I didn’t know whether to butt in or leave. Eavesdroppers never hear anything good about themselves. Still, I had to know what else about me was bugging Kim. I moved closer to the weaponry room.
“Izzy?” Kim asked.
“I hate to draw conclusions about anyone, but Xenithian records have no entry of an Energy Guardian causing an electrical storm, let alone a Psi Guardian. Not even Cardinal Moira has ever pulled that trick. Again, the records have no entry of a Cardinal who can stop omnis.”
“The Kris Dagger—”
“We’re not talking about that,” Izzy cut Remy off. “What are her powers anyway? Energy or psi? What are the chances she can control time, air, and earth, too?”
“Exactly,” Kim said. “I swear she created a vortex of air under me this evening and made me lose my balance.”
“Was that before or after you did the same thing to her?” Sykes asked.
I frowned. If I knocked her down, it was an accident. Besides, I couldn’t control air. Or could I?
“Here’s something for you guys to think about,” Remy cut in, sounding bored. “There’s one other person in the history of our race that had power over all the elements.”
Sykes laughed. “Yeah, Xenia. You know what people say. One day, someone with her powers will come back to rid this world of demons. I think she chose well. Lil is tough, but she listens. She’s hardworking but is not afraid to ask for help. Sounds like a leader to me.”
I shook my head. Sykes didn’t mean that I was—
“Oh, please. Xenia would never choose someone with questionable ancestry as a conduit,” Kim retorted.
“Uh, you don’t want to go there, Kim,” Izzy warned.
“Why not? Her grandpa married a gypsy woman and brought the wrath of the CT on his head. Maybe her grandmother wasn’t a gypsy.”
Why was she talking about Grandma? My hand fisted, and my breathing quickened. I took a step forward but stopped when Sykes spoke.
“Everyone knows the CT sanctioned their marriage, Kim,” he snapped.
“He’s right,” Izzy added. “If there was something fishy about her, the CT would never have allowed the Cardinal to marry her.”
“Then why were she and her child forbidden to set foot on Xenith? My mother said Tatiana found out the truth and lost it. She probably joined the other side.”
My breath caught in my throat. Forbidden? Mom and Grandma? And what did Kim mean by Mom joined the other side? I shook my head to clear my thoughts.
“Girl, you’re punch drunk from too many swordfights,” Izzy said. “You don’t say such things about a Guardian—Cardinal or Civilian.”
“It’s true. My mother said she disappeared for years and came back with a baby,” Kim said. “Now that Lil has these extraordinary powers, everyone wants to know who her father is. He can’t be a Guardian or we’d know who he is. And he can’t be human, which leaves…” Her voice trailed off when she saw me.
“What?” I snapped.
One by one, the others turned to look at me.
“Lil,” Sykes said and got up. He shot Kim a nasty look, his eyes flashing. Remy wore an apologetic expression even though he had no reason to be sorry. Kim stared at me, red spots on her cheeks, while Izzy’s eyes connected with mine before drifting away.
“He could be what, Kim? And what do you mean by the other side?”
“What were you doing skulking in the dark?” she shot back.
“I wasn’t. I came back to get my…” Why was I defending myself to her? I wanted to hurt her, make her take back everything she’d said. The pressure built behind my eyes, and a ringing started in my ears, but my eyes didn’t leave hers.
Her eyes narrowed, and I felt a sharp pressure in my psyche. No, she didn’t just prod at my psi. I might not have had two years of training like she did, but I was a powerful psi. I pushed back. She winced and blinked. I wasn’t sure whether her reaction was caused by surprise or pain.
“Lil,” Remy warned as though he realized what was going on.
“What beings on this planet can cause electrical storms and control demonic energy balls, Kim?” I yelled.
She didn’t answer, but a weird expression settled on her face, a cross between defiance and pain. I redirected my rage elsewhere. The sound of breaking glass filled the air as the light bulbs exploded around us, until a solitary light at the farthest end of the room was all that was left.
“Oh, let me guess. Demons? Is that what my father is?”
Kim’s face grew redder. I didn’t bother to check what the others were doing, but I heard Izzy say, “Oh crap.”
I took a deep breath then another. “Wouldn’t that be cool? To have the daughter of a demon training with the mighty Cardinal Guardians.” My voice shook toward the end, and I bit down hard on my lower lip. I glared at her. “Next time you have something to say to me, have the guts to say it to my face.”
I turned to leave the room and stopped. The instructors jammed the doorway. How long had they been standing behind me? Not that I cared. They stepped aside, their expressions hard to read. I grabbed my hoodie and gym bag and left the room with my head held high.
But the anger stirred inside me like a giant whirlpool. I didn’t know who to direct it at—me for believing I could belong anywhere, or Grampa for keeping more secrets from me. How could he not tell me about Mom and Grandma? And there would be no more evading the topic of my father either. Who was he?
“Lil, wait up.”
I glanced back to see Remy and Sykes gaining on me, with Kenta behind them.
Keep going or stop? Since I couldn’t give them the satisfaction of knowing how much Kim’s words had hurt, I slowed down.
“We apologize for what Kim said,” Remy said. He flanked me on one side while Sykes positioned himself on my other side.
“There’s no need to. Kim is entitled to her opinion.” There was nothing I could do about my curt voice. It was either keeping my emotions tight or letting it all go. I refused to bawl in front of these guys.
“We don’t know what’s come over her. She’s never like this,” Remy added.
They must wear blinders when it came to her. I didn’t hold a grudge against these two, but right now anything to do with Guardians just ticked me off. I walked a little faster. “I’ve got to go.”
“Can we drive you home?” Sykes asked.
I pushed strands of hair that had escaped my ponytail away from my face. “No thanks. I’m fine.”
“We could teleport you home if you’d like,” Remy said as we reached the dojo’s foyer.
I stopped, incensed despite their good intentions. “Listen, I just want to be alone.”
They nodded, both frowning.
If I spoke again, I would end up crying. I hurried through the entrance of the dojo and raced down three flights of stairs. My anger not lessening with each step and each breath I took. By the time I reached the truck, tremors shook my frame. I yanked the door with more force than necessary and got inside. Gripping the steering wheel, I dropped my head low to rest on it.
Deep inhale…hold and count…exhale… A week of pranayama and I still couldn’t calm myself down. The urge to vent still streamed through me.
Lil!
I jerked upright and blinked. Bran appeared in the passenger seat, his raven-black hair in disarray, emerald eyes stormy.

Chapter 13.  First Date


“Are you okay?” he yelled, eyes darting across my face as though searching for injuries, hands gripping my shoulders.
I opened my mouth to speak, but no sound came out. I nodded. What was he doing here? Was his meeting with the CT successful? Not that it mattered. He was here, right when I needed a friend.
He cupped the back of my head, closed his eyes, and pressed his forehead against mine. A deep sigh escaped him as though some weight had been lifted off his shoulders. “You’re okay.”
His presence, the whispered words of concern, and the gentle way he touched me were too much. The tears I’d been fighting crested in my eyes and rolled down my face. Sobs raked my body. Strong arms drew me to a warm masculine chest. I bunched his shirt with my hands and burrowed into his neck.
I drenched his shirt, savored his soothing words and gentle rubs on my back. His thoughts and feelings flowed into me. There was tenderness and concern, protectiveness and longing to ease my pain.
My tears slowed down to a trickle then stopped. I became conscious of many things at once, the rhythmic beat of his heart, the special pine scent I came to associate with him, his lips brushing my forehead as he sang to me. Like an angel. Then I felt it—the loneliness underlying his other feelings. It was so deep and vast, a bottomless pit filled with despair. He didn’t feel like he belonged anywhere, neither with us nor with the demons.
I wrapped my arms tightly around him. You belong with me.
He didn’t respond, but for a brief moment, images of me flashed in his mind—at school, by the pool, in our trailer. Beautiful and elegant, yet strong with a core of steel. Was that how he saw me? I delved deeper, needing to see more. He shut me out and leaned back, forcing my arms to fall to my lap.
For a moment we just stared at each other without speaking, his face unreadable, mine burning. “Sorry,” I whispered.
“Are you?”
I wanted to say no because I now knew how he felt about me, but I had done what the trainees were afraid of, tapped into his feelings without his consent. I looked away from his face, tears threatening to fall again. I hated feeling this helpless. “I’m sorry. I don’t know how to control my empathic abilities or powers, and had no right to invade your privacy and see things you’d rather—”
“Show than tell you,” he finished and lifted my chin with his forefinger. His emerald eyes sparkled. “I don’t care that you’re an empath, Lil. Or that you can read my mind better than I could ever read yours.”
My eyes widened. “You don’t?”
“No.” He brushed drops of tears from my cheek with his knuckles, then reached down and took my hand in his. “What do you feel from me right now?”
My chin trembled, and I bit my lower lip to control it. I closed my eyes and absorbed his feelings. “You’re happy, optimistic about the future, and excited.” My eyes snapped open. “Did the CT sanction the mission?”
He laughed. “Yeah.”
“When?”
“Whenever. It’s up to the Cardinals now.”
“That’s wonderful news.” Then something else registered. His clothes were different. Bran favored expensive, soft shirts, and a leather jacket. The drab black pants and shirt, and the long coat had Cardinal Guardians written all over them. I stiffened. “Why are you dressed like this?”
He grinned. “Here I am, gallantly rushing to your side, and all you notice are my clothes? I felt your anger and pain, thought you were being attacked. What happened?”
I swiped at my cheeks and shook my head. “You felt my anger and pain? How?”
A tinge of red crept on his golden cheeks. “Long story. Tell me what’s going on?”
He was embarrassed. Now more than ever I was intrigued. “No, you quit hedging and talk to me. How you can you feel my emotions from…Xenith? Do you have other powers you forgot to mention?”
He was out of the truck and opening the driver’s door before I could blink. “Come on. Move over to the passenger seat and start talking. I’m driving.” His voice had lost its gentleness.
I glared at him. “Why do you do that?”
“What?”
“Evade my questions.”
“Because we don’t have time and you have an insatiable curiosity, which we just proved can be dangerous. Now, scoot over.” He stared at me with an expression that said he expected me to obey him.
How could he be so sweet one minute, and the next act like a world class jerk? On the other hand, he’d teleported here just because he felt my anger and pain. And he cared about me and thought I was hot. “Ever heard of the word please?”
“Never.” He kept a straight face but the corners of his mouth curled, his dimples flashing.
I laughed, pushed the keys in his hand, and maneuvered my way to the passenger seat.
Bran settled behind the steering wheel and turned to look at me. “Well? What happened?”
I shrugged. “I was ticked off at someone.”
“Who?”
“It doesn’t matter.”
He grinned. “Oh, it does. Whoever you’re pissed at probably has a roaring headache right now.”
“Good.” I hope it kept Kim awake all night.
He chuckled and ran his knuckles along my cheek. “You sure about that?” he asked in a husky voice.
I swallowed and cleared my throat. “She deserved it.”
He shook his head. “You have no idea how much energy you shoot off when you’re pissed, do you?”
I didn’t care. In fact, I didn’t want to discuss Kim or my powers. I pressed my cheek against Bran’s hand, loving the feel of skin against skin. The sweetness of his caring washed over me. I’d been so busy with school and training, I had no idea how much I’d missed Bran until now. And although Grampa didn’t approve of our friendship, I couldn’t send him away. I didn’t want to. Bran was the only person who accepted me without question. When he reached for the ignition, I covered his hand with mine.
“I don’t feel like going home just yet.”
He cocked an eyebrow. “Where would you like to go?”
“Somewhere quiet with no people.” My stomach chose that moment to growl. “And plenty to eat.”
He hesitated and frowned. Heat crawled up my face. His hesitation could only mean he didn’t want to be alone with me. I swallowed my disappointment and looked at my hands. “You know what? Forget it. Just take me home.”
Bran lifted my chin and shook his head as his gaze locked with mine. “No, I want us to have dinner together. I know just the perfect place.” A reckless glint appeared in his eyes. “I want to show you something.”
His mercurial moods were hard to keep up with, but I was intrigued.
“What?”
He stroked my chin with his thumb. “You’re so impatient. It’s a surprise.”
I hated surprises, but with him, I didn’t mind the wait. I closed my eyes and sighed. If only we were normal teenagers just hanging out.
“What is it?” he asked.
I shrugged and moved my head, forcing him to drop his hand. “We need to go home first. I have to change.”
“Why? You’re perfect the way you are.”
I grinned. How sweet. My workout outfit wasn’t suitable for a date with Bran. Not to mention the fact that I needed a shower. I was sure I smelled funky. I moved closer to the door and farther away from him. “So, tell me what’s been going on? And why are you dressed like a hunter?” I threw the questions at him to cover my awkwardness.
Bran started the truck and backed out of the parking lot, a tiny smile curling the corners of his lips. “No, you go first. Why are you ticked off at the Cardinals?”
“I’m not.”
“The look on your face and your voice when you saw my outfit said otherwise.”
I sighed. “Okay, just one in particular.”
“What did your grandfather do?”
I pursed my lips. It was uncanny the way Bran always knew stuff about me. “It’s more like what he didn’t do.”
“I’m sure he’ll come around to it, whatever it is. He loves you.”
Yes, Grampa did, which made me wonder why he wanted me to be a Cardinal Guardian when they rejected Mom and Grandma. Bran threw me a questioning glance as though expecting me to say more. But I didn’t feel like discussing what happened at the dojo, not yet.
I fiddled with the radio, moving from one station to another. Nothing was right for my crazy mood. I pressed the power button to turn off the radio, leaned back, and closed my eyes.
A warm hand covered mine, and my breathing stalled. Back and forth, Bran stroked my knuckles. I kept my eyes closed and smiled. He didn’t mind touching me. The thought was calming yet exciting.
When he let go of my hand, the sharp loss snapped my eyes open. He merged onto highway 89. I studied him through my eyelashes. The corner of his mouth turned up in a lopsided smile as though he was relishing a private thought. 
“Have you been in Xenith all this time?”
He shook his head. “No.”
“Then where have you been?”
“Did you miss me?”
I hated it when he hedged. “No.”
A soft laugh escaped him. “You’re a terrible liar.”
“And you’re smooth at avoiding questions.”
He left the highway and drove past Motel 6. Soon he was pulling up outside my place. He cut the engine, turned, and faced me. For a moment he studied my face, and then he reached out and swept wispy strands of hair behind my ear. “I’ll tell you everything you need to know once we eat. You think you can be ready in fifteen minutes?”
“Sure. Do you want to come in and wait?” I slanted my head toward our trailer.
“No, thanks. I need to get a few things ready. But I’d like to teleport from your place, if you don’t mind. I don’t want to spook your neighbors by doing it from the truck.”
“You didn’t mind teleporting into the truck a few minutes ago,” I teased him, jumping down from the truck.
“I told you, I thought you were being attacked.” He closed his door and joined me. Together we walked toward my trailer. Kylie’s mother was under their awning, tending the grill. I started to wave but stopped, stiffening. She stared at us, her expression judgmental. Bran followed my gaze, noticed her, and slipped his arm around my shoulders. It was sweet of him to try to shield me.
I fished out the key from the pocket of my hoodie, unlocked the door, and went inside ahead of him. The sun was still above the western mountain range and rays streamed inside our trailer, so I didn’t bother with the artificial light. Bran touched my arm.
“Fifteen minutes,” he reminded me.
“It’s a date.”
His eyebrow shot up. “Is it?”
I realized what I said and winced. I should scrawl lame on my forehead. “Forget I said that.”
“No can do. It’s a date.” He flashed a grin then teleported, his scent lingering.
I took a deep inhale and sighed. A date. I’d never gone on a date before.

***

I showered then went back inside my room to change. The tops in my closet weren’t worthy of a dinner date with Bran. Neither were the gypsy skirts. If only I owned cool clothes.
I changed into a pair of low-rise jeans I bought months ago and only wore once and added a stretchy, green, three-quarter sleeve top. It was so plain, but the best I could come up with. Lip gloss came next. I slipped it in my back pocket for retouches later. Last was my hair. It was already frizzling as it air-dried. I got out the blow-dryer and got to work.
By the time I finished, I’d taken five minutes longer than I planned. I scribbled a note for Grampa. No matter how angry I was with him for not telling me about Mom and Grandma, I didn’t want him to worry if he came home and found me gone.
I stepped out of my bedroom with the note and froze. Grampa stood in the kitchen, his back to me. He wore his hunter clothes, minus the arsenal. My eyes widened when he moved and I saw Bran on the couch. He still wore the same clothes, but his shoulder-length locks looked wet as though he’d just washed his hair. His smile reassured me that everything was okay. Still…
“Grampa?”
My grandfather turned, his gaze drifting to my hand. “Is that for me?”
“Yes.” I couldn’t read his expression or his thoughts.
“May I?” He extended his hand.
Was he disappointed I was with Bran after he told me to keep my distance? I handed him the note and held my breath as he read it.
He looked up and nodded. “I already had a talk with Bran.”
“About what?” I tried not to panic as my gaze went to Bran, again.
“About dating you.”
“Grampa! We’re not dating.”
He patted my shoulder and grinned. “In my book, you invite a young lady out to dinner, it’s a date.” He turned, removed the keys from the hook by the door, and threw them to Bran, who was already on his feet. “Appearance is everything, son. Use the truck, and bring my granddaughter home by nine-thirty. It’s a school night.”
“Yes, sir.”
Grampa looked at me. “Don’t forget to wear a jacket.”
I couldn’t believe he changed his mind about Bran and me. I hurried to his side and kissed his cheek. “Love you.”
He grunted and shooed me away. I ran back to my bedroom for a hoodie and was about to join Bran outside when I remembered the things Kim said at the dojo. “Will you be home when I get back?”
“Sure, baby. We’ll talk then.”
He knew. One of the instructors or trainees must have told him. “Okay. Bye.”
Bran stood near our truck, waiting for me. My pulse quickened. His gaze swept me from head to toe then back up again, heat in his green eyes. “You look great.”
“Thanks.”
He made sure I was in my seat before he walked to the driver’s side. I looked toward the trailer, saw Grampa watching us, and waved. Bran did likewise then eased off our site. I didn’t know or care where we were going. As long as I was with Bran, I was happy.
Once we hit the highway, he headed toward the city center. Inside, the truck was like a cocoon filled with his scent. Part of me felt like all this, the two of us off to dinner with Grampa’s approval, was surreal. After all his objections, the turnaround was puzzling.
I glanced at Bran, waiting for him to say something, anything. But he seemed content driving and throwing pleased glances my way.
“What?” I asked.
“You look beautiful.”
“So do you.”
He guffawed. “Hardly. I want to do something. Promise you won’t mind.”
I made a face. “Without knowing what it is? I don’t think so.”
“It’s called blind trust, Sunshine.” He flashed a charming smile guaranteed to make me do his bidding.
Funny thing was I trusted him. He wouldn’t do anything mean to me. Still, a girl had to have some pride. “Will I like it?”
“Yes.”
Pride was overrated. “Okay,” I said.
At the next stop light, he lifted my single braid from where it rested on my back and tugged the black elastic band holding the tip. He pushed the band in his pants’ pocket then undid my hair, his fingers grazing my nape. I felt weird, excited, and scared. From the smile on his lips, Bran knew how he affected me. By the time my hair was free, we were moving again. He drove with his left hand and stroked my hair with his right.
“Why do you hide it behind a braid?” he asked.
“It’s an awful color.” My voice came out breathless, which annoyed me.
“No, it’s not. It’s beautiful…unique…like you.”
My brain went foggy, and my insides went mushy. “Thank you. So where have you been?”
“At Hsia and her husband’s until the Cardinals took me to Xenith to meet with the Circle. It’s a beautiful place.”
I didn’t care. “You mean you’ve been here in the valley all this time and didn’t come to see me?”
He stopped stroking my hair and slid his hand down my arm to grip mine. “I wasn’t here, just came back to sleep at very odd hours. When I left with Janelle last week, she asked me to help them with water demons. I’ve been hunting with the Cardinals, Lil.”
I shook my head. “Grampa said they couldn’t promise you anything, yet they asked you to help them? That doesn’t seem fair.”
“No one asked me to do anything. I offered.” His hand left mine to grip the steering wheel as he left Main Street and headed east on Center. “Since Coronis kidnapped my grandfather, the Cardinals have had a hard time locating water demons. Once in the water, they use sea creatures to cover their tracks and can only be located from the air or under the sea, which is something none of the Cardinals can do.”
“But you can?”
He flashed a smug grin. “Oh yeah, just like my grandfather.”
There was so much pride in that single statement I grinned. “So what are you going to show me?”
He laughed. “Something…if you’re really nice.”
Nice how? Should I be worried? Despite my doubts, my senseless heart thumped with anticipation. Bran cut through residential areas nearer the city center and started uphill toward the eastern mountain range, where the Guardians lived. Smaller and medium-sized houses gave way to two and three-story homes surrounded by fences, high shrubberies, or walls.
“So, I heard you’re getting stronger and stronger every day,” Bran said, interrupting my sightseeing. “You’re all your grandfather talks about. And I heard Hsia tell Janelle about someone who cheated to beat you.”
Kim cheated all the time, the sore loser. And not just with me. “No one did.”
Bran reached the end of Gibbons Parkway and turned onto a side road lined with trees, which disappeared into a gated community. The sign read Sagebrush Drive. Tucked between two rolling hills with the mountain range rising from the background, the Guardians’ homes were very secluded. The wrought iron gate swung open, and we drove in. Bran brought the car to a stop outside a mansion with gray concrete block exterior finish and switched off the engine.
He was outside my door before I opened it. “Kim, right?” he said, his expression reflective.
I narrowed my eyes. “Why ask if you already knew?”
“Just trying to prove a point.”
“Which is what?”
“You’re loyal even when you don’t need to be. Kim, like the other trainees, is lucky to have you as a member of her team.”
He had no idea how wrong he was. “But?”
“No buts. Come on, I’m starving.”
“Then why do I have a feeling that you’re dying to say something?” I challenged him.
He grabbed my hand and led me to the door on the side of the house. The manicured lawn was separated by tall trees from its neighbors, and a panoramic view of the valley was visible from the driveway. The side door led to the garage, where a Jeep was parked.
“You’re nice, but soon you’ll have to let her—them—know who the leader of the pack is.”
I shook my head. “Remy is the leader of the trainees, not me.”
“Was the leader. Like your grandpa, you’ll lead your group. You’re already more powerful than they are. As time goes by, you’ll only become stronger.” He spoke with certainty, which was daunting.
I frowned. Was that why they acted funny about my powers? Who wanted the headache of being a leader? I loved going with the flow. I was happy being a follower. I shook my head. When Bran opened his mouth to speak, I covered it.
“No, I’m not interested in Guardians or being their leader. I’m hungry,” I said.
He laughed, and the warmth of his breath on my palm sent heat down my arm. I dropped my hand in a snap, my cheeks heating up. As if Bran knew how he affected me, he grinned then led me through a door, along a short hallway, and into a kitchen.
An L-shaped counter separated the kitchen island from a dining enclave with a long table for eight and a china closet. The sweet aroma of something scrumptious filled the air. I sniffed. Pizza. A wicker basket and a duffel bag sat on the kitchen island.
“Is that our dinner?” I tugged my hand free from his and went to lift the lid of the basket, but Bran beat me to it.
“No peeking.” He lifted the wicker basket off the counter with one hand and grabbed the duffel bag with the other. “Can you teleport yet?”
I shook my head. “No.”
“Then put your arms around me,” he said, lifting his arms to give me room.
My heart flipped. “Why?”
“We’re going up the mountain, and I can’t teleport us unless you’re close enough.”
Did he have any idea how being close to him made me feel? I wrinkled my nose, my heart beating double time. Still, I moved closer and wrapped my arms around his waist. He felt so warm and solid, and smelled nice. This was a bad idea on so many levels.
“How does this work?” I tried to keep my tone carefree but failed. It came out shaky.
“You visualize where you want to go and will yourself there.” His voice was husky, indicating he too was affected by our closeness. “You want to give it a try?”
I looked up and our eyes locked. My vision narrowed so everything went blurry except Bran’s gorgeous face. In a dream-like state, I watched his pupils dilate until I could see my reflection in their bottomless depth.
“Lil?” he asked.
I closed my eyes tight, face burning.
Seconds passed. Nothing happened. No whoosh of air. No feeling of weightlessness or a tingle indicating my body had disintegrated into tiny atoms. Cold air hit my skin, and my ears picked up outdoor sounds. I opened my eyes and blinked. We were on a flat shoulder on the mountain ridge hugging Cache Valley.
“How? I didn’t feel anything,” I said.
“Teleporting is so fast your normal senses can’t detect any changes in or around you.”
I realized I still had my arms around Bran and stepped back. Studying our surroundings gave me a chance to cool my burning cheeks and steady my thundering heart. The sun hovered above the western ridges of the Wasatch Mountains, the golden rays bathing us and the buildings scattered below. We were somewhere north of Hsia’s house. “It’s breathtaking.”
“The air is crisper than down there,” Bran said from behind me.
I turned to find he had spread a thick blanket on the ground. He dropped down to recline sideways with one leg straight and the other bent, an elbow propping his upper body. The face, the attire, the setting, he could be posing for Outdoor Living magazine. For a moment, he held me spellbound with his piercing emerald eyes.
I dragged my eyes away from his to the two boxes of pizza, two salad containers, bottled water, and a six-pack of Sprite spread before him. “How did you find this place?” I asked.
“Not by accident. I love high places.” He patted the area on the blanket beside him.
Heart thumping, I kicked off my shoes and sat with my legs straight and my hands on my lap. We weren’t even that close, yet his warmth reached out and enveloped me. My eyes sought his. “Because of the air?”
“Not really. The isolation appeals to me more. I think better when alone.”
“I read that Hermonite demons move in packs.”
He shrugged. “They do. But being alone doesn’t bother me. In fact, I prefer it. Or rather I did before.” He glanced at me from under his lashes and frowned.
So he liked hanging out with me, but wasn’t too thrilled about it. I didn’t know how to feel about that. I looked around for something else to talk about. My gaze fell on our picnic. “What toppings did you pick?”
He sat up and opened the pizza boxes. One had half pineapple and half mixed vegetables, the second one had pepperoni. “I wasn’t sure what you like but thought I couldn’t go wrong with fruit and vegetables. And the salads.”
I opened the salad containers. Pasta and Caesar. Nice. I added the dressing and croutons to the veggies. As I reached for the plastic bag with disposable utensils, I looked up and found Bran watching me. He wasn’t eating, though he held a slice of pepperoni pizza. Our last meal flashed through my head. He was waiting for me this time.
As soon as I forked some lettuce, he took a bite of his pizza. For the next fifteen minutes, we ate and drank pop, and just enjoyed the view. I thought it would be cooler up on the mountain, but it wasn’t. I felt warm…comfortable…happy. After the salad, I had two slices from the pineapple and veggie box while Bran demolished most of the other pizza.
Done, I leaned back on the heel of one hand and played with my soda can using my other hand. I tried hard not to look Bran’s way. The battle was lost before it even began. He’d gone back to a reclining position but now propped his upper body with his elbows, his head only a few inches from my arm.
My eyes traveled from his long masculine legs, past a narrow waist and wide chest, to smiling lips and a sculptured face. Rays from the setting sun danced on his midnight black, shoulder-length hair. When my eyes connected with his, I found he’d been studying me with unsmiling, brooding eyes. My cheeks warmed, but I didn’t look away.
He butted me with his head. “Tell me what happened this evening to make you so angry?”
“I thought you were supposed to show me something first.” I made a play of pushing his head away and let my fingers sink into his hair. It was dry now and so soft. No fizzled tips. I wish I had hair like his. When he didn’t answer me right away, I tugged at his locks.
“I’m waiting for it to get dark.”
What did daylight have to do with it? Was he going to turn into some light-sensitive demonic fiend? Even as the thought crossed my mind, I realized I didn’t care. Whatever Bran was, I’d accept him just like he’d accepted me.
“Lil?” He encouraged me with a nod to start talking.
I let go of his hair, my restless hand moving to the blanket. I plucked the threads. “I overheard Kim and the others talking. Kim was doing most of the talking while Izzy more or less agreed with her. Remy and Sykes tried to make her stop.”
Bran’s eyes sharpened as though he were bracing himself. “What did she say?” He sounded angry.
“That it was weird I could stop omnis and start dry storms, something no Guardian has ever done. She accused me of using air powers on her when I know I didn’t. She questioned the origin of my powers.”
Bran shook his head. “You can’t predict or judge anyone’s ability. They can surprise you in ways you can’t imagine. Take my family, for instance. I inherited my grandfather’s powers through my father and very little from my mother. Gavyn got more of Mom’s.” His eyes grew serious. He pushed the pizza and salad boxes aside then shifted positions so we faced each. He took my hand in his. “You’re a very powerful Guardian, Lil. That’s something the others will have to accept sooner or later.”
“So you don’t think I’m weird?”
Instead of answering me, he did the strangest thing. He interlocked our fingers and pressed our locked hands against his heart. For a long time, he just stared into my eyes. Butterflies fluttered in my tummy.
“You’re special, Sunshine. Not weird. Special. I knew it from the moment I locked onto your psi energy.”
Warmth unfurled inside me like a flower blooming in spring. He believed what he was saying. I saw it in his eyes. Felt it in the feelings flowing from him to me. Our first meeting flashed in my head, followed by our conversation after his brother attacked us and when we were in the truck earlier. “How come you always believe in me? Notice things the others don’t?”
He leaned back and flashed a smug grin. “I’m good at reading people.”
I snatched my hand from his. “Oh, please.”
“Seriously, since I’m years older than you—”
“Three,” I retorted.
“I’m the wise sage while you’re a work-in-progress.”
I sat up, not letting his words bother me. “I’m not a child, you know. Whatever it is, I can handle it.”
Bran stopped grinning and appeared to debate with himself. He sighed. “Okay. Do you know what alrunes are?”
I shook my head.
“Every Guardian has an alrune, a person whose energy pattern matches theirs. When alrunes’ psi energies combine, they enhance each other’s powers. Even when not combined, they’re in perfect tune with each other’s emotions. When one is in danger, the other feels it. When one is happy, sad, or mad, the other knows it. They complement and balance each other, the yin and the yang, the interconnected triangles on your amulet.” He paused, his emerald eyes flashing. “That’s why I asked you for help instead of Izzy or Kim. My psi energy recognized yours. Even before we talked, I knew you would never hurt or betray me. You and I are alrunes, Lil Falcon.”

Chapter 14.  Flying Under the Stars


Was he talking about soul mates? That would be ridiculous. Or maybe not. “Does that I mean I can feel your emotions from afar, too?”
“As your powers grow stronger, you will. Just like I did earlier.”
I recalled something his brother had said. “What if you drained my energy?”
Bran chuckled, squeezed my hand, and let it go. He flopped on his back and cushioned his head with his crossed arms, his gaze on the darkening sky. “Forget it. I’d never do that.”
I stared down at his sculptured face, and a pang of longing seeped into my chest. I wanted to know everything about him—his past, his dreams, his darkest secrets. “What if, Bran?”
His eyes grew stormy, like the thoughts whirling in his head were distasteful. “I’d be unbeatable, invincible—the most powerful being in the world.”
I tried to tease a smile out of him. “Don’t you mean the most powerful demon?”
His eyes sparkled. He pulled one hand from behind his head and punched my arm. “No, nosey. My demonic ways are way behind me. Haven’t you been paying attention?”
I had, and I believed him. Silence followed. Yin and yang. Two halves of a whole. I liked the idea of having someone special in my life, someone just for me.
I shifted so I lay on my tummy and propped myself on my elbows so I could watch his face while we talked. The move brought our bodies so close together his heat engulfed me, but I didn’t move away. Now that I knew about our matched energies, I felt like he belonged to me. How weird was that? “Tell me about your life in L.A.”
He scowled as though that was the last thing he wanted to discuss. “There’s not much to tell. I only lived there for two years.”
“Two years is a long time,” I pushed.
His scowl deepened.
I refused to give up. “Are there many demons there?”
He let out a deep sigh and then nodded. “A lot more than I’d expected to find, and not all are loyal to Coronis. They’re integrated in every aspect of the society, from small businesses to politics. I attended a private high school that’s owned and operated by them for a year during my senior year. They pick and choose who goes there.”
“No humans?”
He grimaced. “Not a chance.”
“Souled demons?” I asked him.
“Definitely not.”
“In Demonology Volume I, they say demons with souls are a myth.”
Bran made a disgusted sound. “Then someone ought to revise those books. The ones in L.A. are the nicest Nephilim I’ve ever met. Unfortunately, other demons treat them like crap. And the Guardians won’t even acknowledge their existence.” His voice rose and fell, anger and sadness flowing from him. “All they want is a chance to return home to Xenith, you know. To prove they’re Guardians.”
My heart squeezed, knowing this was how he’d felt all his life.
As though aware of my thoughts, he gave me a lopsided smile. “What else does your demonology book say?”
I wanted to hear more about his life in L.A., but it was obvious the memories were too painful, so I kept my voice light and playful as I answered him. I talked and talked, until the orange hues of the sunset faded from the western sky. Darkness crept onto the valley floor and a crescent moon rose above the mountain ridge to the east. “When Coronis left Xenith, most of the Werenephils and Nosferatus left with her. The few who stayed behind tend to keep to themselves. But the book doesn’t explain why. When Moira stopped by the dojo, the other Guardians reacted very strangely toward her, and I wondered if their reaction was out of fascination or fear.”
“Fascination,” Bran said. “You should see her battle. Her canines elongate.”
“Is she, like, scary looking?”
“No, mesmerizing.”
I frowned, hating the admiration in his tone. “So, you think she’s hot?”
“But old enough to be my grandmother, Sunshine,” he corrected, grinning. “The Nosferatus are beautiful people, but too arrogant and power hungry. I didn’t hang out much with their crowd in L.A. and there were none on the island. Knowing Coronis, she probably kicked them out.”
“What’s she like?”
He shook his head, his lips twisting in distaste. “Evil, and her people are a different breed, which is exactly what she does. Breeds them.” His voice changed, became cold. “She has an agenda to rule this world. That, of course, means destroying the Circle of Twelve and the Guardians. But she’s not above using Guardians in her crazy scheme to create a generation of beings more powerful than the previous ones.”
I shivered. “She practices selective breeding?”
“And gets rid of those with minimal powers, calls them worthless, while the rest enter a program to create more powerful Hermonites. I plan to get my sister out before she turns sixteen.”
“When is her birthday?”
“In two weeks.” His voice caught.
I covered his hand, and he interlocked our fingers. Once again, his emotions brimmed over and into me. He hated Coronis but also feared her. I wished I could reassure him that his sister would be okay. The Cardinals must mount a rescue operation as soon as possible.
For a moment we sat in silence. I shivered though I wasn’t sure whether it was from the sudden drop in temperature or Bran’s predicament.
“You’re cold,” Bran said.
“That’s okay.” I’d left my hoodie in the truck.
He got up, picked up his coat from the ground where he’d dropped it, and draped it around my shoulders. I turned my head to thank him. He stood with his back to the higher peaks of the mountain, his tall frame silhouetted against the sky. 
“Thanks. What about you?”
“I’m fine. I don’t mind the cold and never get sick.”
I snuggled under the coat, pulled the collar to my ears, and took a deep inhale. His scent clung to the fabric. “Me neither. It wasn’t until Grampa mentioned it that I realized I’ve never seen the inside of a hospital, except when he was volunteering.”
Bran’s eyebrow shot up. “Volunteering?”
“I’d accompany him when he performed magic tricks for terminally ill kids.”
“A Cardinal pulling rabbits out of hats? Unbelievable. So what was life like with him in the circus?” He pulled the tails of his shirt from his pants.
I blinked when he started to unbutton his shirt. What was he doing? I forced myself to focus on our conversation. “Fun…busy. We didn’t leave Stramboni until I was about ten, but before that, I never missed a show.”
“Were you ever part of his act?”
I laughed at the idea, my voice sounding funny to my ears. The purposeful way Bran was undoing that shirt bothered me. It was freezing. Why would he want to remove his shirt? 
“No way. He tried to make me his sidekick a few times, but I sucked. I mean, I’d gawk and get spooked along with the audience. We decided… What are you doing?”
“Remember I wanted to show you something. This is it, so keep talking or I’ll chicken out.”
It was hard to imagine him scared of anything. Or maybe he had to show me something icky. Please, don’t let him turn into Freddie Kruger or Dr. Jekyll Junior. I never watched horror movies because I hated the unexpected.
“Lil?”
What if his skin turned red and he grew horns, like the demons in theology books? No, he was part water demon. He could be a two-legged sea monster. I swallowed, my mouth going dry.
“Please don’t stop talking,” he begged.
The vulnerable tone got to me. “We decided it was best for me to watch him from the sideline,” I said, my voice uneven. “Grampa was magnificent. Of course, uh, at the time I didn’t know his performances were real. I just assumed they were, uh, illusions.”
Bran shrugged off his shirt and let it drop on the ground. He stood before me naked from the waist up. I stared, awed. He was glorious, breathtaking. Face of an angel and body of a runner with well-defined, lean muscles and ridged stomach. The scar on his chest was the only mar on the smooth and golden perfection.
Goose bumps spread on the surface of my skin, yet frenzied heat coiled throughout my body. His chest rose and fell, drawing my eyes to his. Stormy green stared back at me. I tensed, not sure what to expect.
“How did you get the scar on your chest?” I asked to distract myself.
His lips twisted in a sad smile. “The night we tried to escape, Valafar’s guards killed my father and took us back. I wore my grandfather’s amulet, given to me by my father. The guards were enraged when they saw it.” His voice slowed to a shaky whisper. “One in particular considered it a personal insult. She burned it.”
I gasped. “While you wore it? Who would do such a terrible thing?”
He was silent for a long time, his face stony.
A foreboding feeling washed over me. “Bran?”
A sigh escaped him. “My mother,” he whispered.
Shock slammed through me. My mouth opened, but no sound came out. Bile rose to my throat. What an awful mother. How could she do that to him?
Without breaking eye contact with me, Bran started talking, at first choosing his words, then faster as though a dam had broken in his inner core. “She was never happy with the choice Coronis forced on her. You know, marrying my father, the son of a Cardinal Guardian. Since she couldn’t punish him, she took it out on us. Gavyn and I were the first to get to the training field and the last to leave. We were punished the harshest if we made a mistake. We had to prove ourselves, not just to her but to our training mates. And our inferior Guardian genes were often blamed for our mistakes.” He took a deep breath and exhaled. “The night of our escape, when the guards took us to her, I’d never seen her so pissed. She took me to a shack in the forest and held me down while she scorched the amulet.”
His face scrunched up as though he was reliving the moment, but his eyes didn’t waver from mine. I wanted to ease his pain, but I didn’t know how. So I cried for him. Silent teardrops raced down my face.
“She poured saltwater on the wound, so it would heal and stay creased. A reminder of my shame, she told me. For days, I stayed in that cabin. I don’t know what she did, but I lost sense of time. Celeste must have found out because she sneaked me some food and water. She was only thirteen, but very brave. No one goes against Lazari guards. I begged her to stop, but she wouldn’t listen. Without her, this,” he touched the scar on his chest, “would have been worse.”
“Where was Gavyn?” I whispered in a shaky voice. “Why couldn’t he help you?”
Bran shook his head. “He couldn’t. Our mother had put him in isolation at their headquarters. Of course, I didn’t know about this at the time, but the others heard his screams. I don’t know what they did to him. When he returned home, his black hair had turned white. And he acted different. Gavyn was the family jokester. He’d make us laugh with his impersonation of our instructors and guards. He became like our mother, mean and driven.”
This explained why Bran saw the goodness in Gavyn no matter how bad or evil his brother acted. This time, I got to my feet and reached out to touch him, to share his pain. He dropped his head, closed his eyes tight, and appeared to be straining. Was he crying?
“Bran,” I whispered and reached for his hand. Then I gasped as wings rose from behind him, stretching and shooting above his shoulders. The span was over twice his size. Beams from the crescent moon danced off the silvery feathers on the inside and the edges, giving him an ethereal glow.
The outside ones were black like his hair.
He widened his stance for balance and folded his arms across his naked chest. His head lifted. “This is what I meant to show you.”
My mouth opened and closed. Eyes darted from one wing to the other, the urge to reach out and touch stealing through me. “An angel,” I whispered.
He gave me his special punch-in-the-gut smile as if he hadn’t already stolen my breath. “No. I’m a Werenephil with retractable wings, just like my father. When the Cardinals and the CT saw them, they knew I was Tariel’s grandson. The outside black feathers but inside white is like a birthmark in my family.”
I wanted to touch them, feel their texture. “Does Gavyn have them?”
“No. Just me.”
“Do you fly?”
Bran grinned, moonbeams bouncing off his sparkling teeth. “Always. Would you like to go for a ride?” He offered me his hand and pulled me up and into his arms.
My hand splayed on his naked chest. A shiver raced through me even though reacting to his nearness and nakedness was the last thing on my mind. My gaze stayed locked on his feathers. I wanted to confirm they were real. Fine plumes sprinkled the back of his neck. I ran my fingers over them. So soft. His wings fluttered at my touch, opening and closing with each stroke of my hand.
“You can’t fly carrying me. I weigh a ton,” I said.
“Of course I can carry you,” Bran said in a smug tone.
I leaned back and caught the flash of heat in his eyes. His heart drummed like a tom-tom under my left hand. I dropped my hands to my side and stepped back. His hands left my waist.
“Can you really? You know, carry me?” I asked.
“Piece of cake. But keep doubting me and I’ll feel like a total loser.” He slid his hands in the front pockets of his pants and rocked on his heels. The wings folded closer and tighter to hug his back like a cloak. “So, what do you say?”
“Is it safe?”
“Chicken.”
“Not,” I retorted. I walked around him and studied his back. His wings were huge, the feathers thick and abundant. Some short, others long. They appeared to form a V from his shoulder to his mid-back region, though soft downy covered the bases, dotting most of his back from nape to waist. How would he carry me?
He turned to face me and opened his arms. “Come on, Sunshine. We’ve got about thirty minutes before I have to take you home. I want to make the most of tonight.”
So did I, but I’d be beyond humiliated if I turned out to be too heavy for him. I mean, I was almost as tall as he, and I wasn’t rail-thin. “If you’re sure.”
He reached inside his pocket and pulled out the band he took from my hair during our drive over. Then he proceeded to bundle my long mane into a ponytail. Once done, he ran his knuckles down the side of my face. “I can handle it, worrywart.”
I heard the laughter in his voice. “You’d better, or I’ll come back and haunt you.”
“I thought I was the ghost,” he teased, reminding me of the first time we met. His hands went back to my waist and pulled me closer until our chests brushed. His scent and warmth engulfed me. I wanted him to kiss me right at that moment.
“Put your arms around my neck,” he instructed.
As soon as I wound my arms around his neck, he scooped me up, one arm around my middle, the other under my thighs. He cradled me close, like I was precious. Heart beating so loud I was sure he could hear it, I lay my head against the side of his neck. His skin was searing. All I had to do was turn my head and our lips would meet. Sheesh, I was becoming obsessed with kissing him.
Bran adjusted his stance, bent his knees, and spread out his wings. “Ready?” he asked.
I nodded.
His wings whipped up and down, sending dead grass, pizza boxes, and pop cans flying around our picnic area. We rose up above the mountain range, my stomach dipping as he shot toward the moonlit sky. Currents of cool air whipped my hair back and caressed the surface of my skin, but Bran’s warm body insulated me from the bite. I glanced below and my heart jumped into my throat. We were so high, my trust in Bran the only thing between me and the ground. I tightened my arms around his neck.
Night lights gleamed like diamond studs on the valley floor. I located my school, the RV Park, and caught the reflecting surface of Logan River meandering through the valley floor. It was breathtaking.
“Well?” Bran asked. His breath was hot against my forehead, causing me to shiver.
“Love it. Go faster.”
His wings pushed the air, whipping his coat I’d borrowed around my legs. My laughter mingled with his, my insides rolling one way then the other as he shot up then glided. He zipped across the valley sky. Gravity pulled my body down. My stomach lurched, my eyes watered, but being held so close to Bran’s body felt wonderful.
When he did loops and spirals, I screamed, scared and exhilarated at the same time. But I had nothing to worry about. His hold on me stayed firm and steady. I loved it best when he flew upside down, his face bathed by the moonlight, his perfect lips curved in a contented smile.
We flew clear of Wellsville Mountain then swooped to the other side. Brigham City’s lights welcomed us; Ogden twinkled in the distance. Bran slowed down and went into cruise mode, whooshing and gliding. A gentle breeze floated past us and not a single cloud blanketed the star-studded sky. I sighed with bliss.
He dropped his head to speak, his lips almost touching mine. “I told you carrying you would be a piece of cake.”
I heard his words, but I was too busy telling myself to breathe and stop fantasizing about kissing him to respond. We were hundreds of feet in the air, for pity’s sake. But he was right about carrying me. He didn’t even sound winded as we dipped and glided. 
“When did you get your powers?” I asked him.
“At sixteen, just like you. First were my water abilities. Six months later, my wings appeared. Scared the heck out of me.”
“Why? Aren’t there any winged Hermonites on Coronis Isle?”
“Oh yes, the ravens.”
I frowned. “Who?”
“Pure Werenephils with the ability to shape shift into ravens. They make up Coronis’ security team. She doesn’t trust anyone but her own. The rest of the Hermonites are cross-breeds of all the Nephilim groups. The most powerful of them are the nature-benders.”
I shivered, remembering what the trainees had told me about the nature-benders. “Are there winged Guardians?” I asked.
“According to your grandfather, a few here and there. We should head home.”
I didn’t want the night to end. I remembered the terrible headaches I would get when I first got my powers. “Does it hurt when your wings come out?”
He was quiet for a long time as though pondering my question. “A bit. I’m getting better at it. When my wings appeared, it hurt like nothing I’d ever experienced before. Luckily, I was alone. It took a while to learn how to focus and contain the pain. It took me a year to master flight because I had to practice in secret. Flying with a passenger is new to me though. You’re the second person I’ve taken up.”
Who was the first? Envy rippled through me. “So why do you keep it a secret?”
“Because I didn’t want to end up in Coronis’ breeding program. In my family, only Celeste knows. She almost gave me away though. The one and only time I took her up, we found out she suffers from motion sickness.”
“Yikes.”
“Yeah, she threw up all over me. It was a real mess.” He chuckled. “We stunk so much we had to wash off in a stream near Mount Hermon, then sneak back inside the house and change before our mother got home. She smelled it anyway. Celeste faked a stomachache.”
We crossed the valley sky and headed toward our picnic ledge. Bran hovered above the ground then stepped down.
My legs wobbled when I slid off him. He steadied me, his hands firm on my hips. “You okay?” he asked.
“Oh yeah. That was…amazing. Thank you for taking me up.”
“So, you would do it again?” he asked, sounding anxious as though my answer was very important.
“In a heartbeat. I don’t know how you can stand being on land when you could be up there.”
“I try to fly every night. It might sound weird, but I often feel like I’m leaving all my worries and problems behind whenever I take off.”
“I know exactly what you mean. I felt free and uninhibited up there.” We shared a smile. I couldn’t take my eyes off of him, and didn’t want to leave even though I knew we had only a few minutes.
“We should go,” he said but his hands tightened around my waist as if he didn’t want to let me go. Then I felt his energy reach out to mine, a gentle caress that lingered and left me breathless.
“Yes,” I answered in a sigh. But kiss me first, I wanted to tell him. Give me the perfect ending to a perfect date. But Bran seemed content with studying me under the moonlight, just like I studied him. He was beautiful, the silver feathers reflecting moonbeams and making him glow.
He reached up and caressed my cheek. “No, you’re the beautiful one.”
“Get out of my head,” I ordered, though my voice was shaky and my mouth dry.
He chuckled, forked his fingers through my hair and lowered his head toward mine. My eyes widened. Energy zipped through my veins. Then he stopped. Just like that he went still, as though unsure, as though debating with himself whether to go through with it or not. 
Chapter 15.  First Kiss, Truth at Last


As though giving me a chance to stop him, Bran leaned closer and closer. We shared a breath so sweet and intoxicating my eyelids dropped and a soft sigh escaped me. Then he was there, his lips touching mine. Soft brushes. A spark of electricity shot from my lips and raced underneath my skin.
He pulled me closer and anchored me to him. Incredible sensations blazed through me like wildfire. I didn’t know what to do. Kiss him back? My mind went blank, and a ringing started in my ears.
Then his lips were gone, and I was left panting. He stroked my face and pressed his forehead to mine. I don’t how long it took before I felt near normal enough to open my eyes. Bran watched me, his chest expanding and contracting. His grip tightened on my waist while he massaged my scalp in slow soothing motions with his other hand.
“Are you okay?” he asked, his voice above a whisper.
“I think so. You?” My voice was shaky, but for once I didn’t care.
“I’m good.”
This was my first kiss, and now I knew why kids made out in cars or wherever they could. I wanted Bran to kiss me again. A lot. “Is it always like that?”
A dimple appeared and disappeared from his cheeks, his eyes twinkling. “Like what?”
“Exciting and beautiful.”
He touched my cheek, again. “No. It’s different with you.” His watch beeped. “Nine-twenty-five, we’d better go. I’ll collect the picnic stuff later.”
I didn’t want to leave, didn’t want the night to end. But his wings had already retracted, and when he reached for his shirt, the moonlight showed smooth skin, no scar or hint that wings had graced his back. But one lone feather floated to the ground right beside me.
I scooped it up and twirled it between my fingers. A faint pine scent teased my senses, and I smiled. “Look.”
Bran turned and saw the silver plume. I couldn’t read his expression as he stared hard at it. I offered him the feather. He shook his head. “No. I don’t want it. Keep it if you’d like.”
I put the feather in my back pocket. Not that I needed a reminder of tonight. Every tiny detail of my date with Bran was etched in my brain.
When Bran opened his arms, I slipped in them and hugged him close. My earlier insecurity was gone. I liked Bran, more than liked him, and I refused to pretend otherwise.
“Will I see you tomorrow?”
His arm tightened around me. “I’ll stop by your place in the evening if your grandfather doesn’t mind.”
This time around, I didn’t close my eyes when we teleported. One minute we were under the moonlight, mountains behind us and the valley before us. The images peeled away to be replaced by neon lights, walls, and furniture. My feet sunk into the carpeted floor. We were at my trailer.
Grampa in his striped pajamas and a navy blue robe sat on his favorite rocking chair, his long graying hair a spiky mess around his shoulders. It looked like he’d run his fingers through it. He looked up from his watch when we appeared.
I grinned, stepping out of Bran’s arms. “Nine-thirty, here we are,” I said.
“Ninety-twenty-eight,” Grampa corrected and stood. He extended a hand toward Bran. “You kept your word.”
Bran gripped the offered hand and grinned. “I did, sir. I’ll go get your truck now.”
Grampa nodded. “Good. However, next time you decide to take my granddaughter flying, stay within our airspace. The protective shield over the valley doesn’t cover the mountains.”
Bran nodded. I could only stare at Grampa in shock. Did anything ever escape him?
“Don’t forget to bring back my truck, son,” he told Bran. “Then head straight back to Hsia’s. We have a long night ahead of us.” 
Bran turned toward me, and for a brief second there was awkwardness. Grampa hadn’t moved an inch, and we couldn’t ask him to give us privacy.
“See you tomorrow, Lil.”
“Yeah. Don’t forget this.” I removed the coat he’d loaned me and passed it to him. Our fingers grazed, lingered. He winked, which I hoped Grampa didn’t see. Then he was gone. I dropped on the nearest couch and sighed.
“I’ll warm up some food. Do you want anything?” Grampa asked, heading to the fridge.
“No, I’m fine.” I replayed the evening in my head. Bran and I were alrunes.
“What did you two eat?” Grampa asked, intruding on my thoughts again.
“Pizza and vegetable salad.” Then what he was doing registered. I pushed the images of Bran aside and watched Grampa with a frown. He removed a plate of leftover meatloaf and rice from the microwave and poured a glass of orange juice. “You haven’t eaten dinner yet?”
He grimaced. “I wasn’t hungry.”
Yeah, right. I looked around the room at the pages of tabloid newspaper scattered on the floor around his rocking chair. The last time he couldn’t eat was because he was worried about me on the morning of my first day in junior high. Before then, he’d homeschooled me. He’d sat across from me as I ate my breakfast and kept asking me if I was sure I wanted to go as he tore through the various magazines he often read. I was tempted to ask him why he allowed me to go out with Bran when it bothered him so much.
No, I should be happy and leave well enough alone. He carried his food back to his chair and dug in with gusto. I didn’t speak until he placed the empty plate on the side table. “So what did you do while I was gone?” I asked in a casual way.
“Searched for any unusual reports in the newspapers.”
I picked up one sheet and read the headline. “‘Zombies Attacked People in Baja, Mexico.’ Do you really believe there’s any truth to such stories?”
“Ninety-nine percent of the time. Whatever escapes the radar of the tech guys at the High Council offices tends to end up in the tabloids. We take care of the demons responsible before the incidents work their way into more respected newspapers, airwaves, or television. With information flow on the Internet, it’s even harder to contain incidents like that. I can’t remember the number of times I’ve erased memories or planted new ones.”
I stared at him with a slack jaw. “You’re kidding, right?”
“No. You sure you don’t want something to drink while we talk?” He sipped his orange juice and eyed me with a slight frown.
“I’m okay, Grampa. No, actually, just one thing.” I ran to my bedroom and grabbed a throw blanket. I left my hoodie in the truck and was feeling the chill now that I didn’t have Bran’s coat to warm me. Back at the couch, I curled up under the thick, warm furry coverlet and tucked it around me. I looked at Grampa and waited.
He put his glass down. “What is it you want to know?”
I shook my head. Now that I was about to get some answers, I wasn’t sure where to start. “Is it true Grandma and Mom weren’t allowed in Xenith?”
He sighed. “Yes and no. Marriage between our people and humans is frowned upon since our forefathers broke that particular law, but we’re allowed to petition the circle if we fall in love with a human. I loved your grandmother and couldn’t imagine not having her in my life. The circle gave their approval, but the decision, like many we make every day, came with a penalty.”
He paused as if to let the point sink in. I couldn’t help wondering if he was warning me about my friendship with Bran. I scrunched my lips and waited for him to continue.
“It’s true that non-Guardian spouses are not allowed on the island, but Flora, your grandmother, didn’t care about that. Her only concerns were always me and Tatiana. She was happy when Tatiana showed signs of having powers at sixteen. We couldn’t hide from her who we are and what I did for a living. Like most Nephlings, once Tatiana showed that she had powers, she could go to Xenith whenever she liked. Your mother might not have had enough to be a Cardinal, but she could use telepathy like any pure Guardian child, and her clairvoyance abilities were exceptional.”
I frowned. “What’s clairvoyance?”
“The ability to see things from faraway.”
Cool. I leaned forward, my gaze not leaving his face. “So Mom visited Xenith?”
A tiny smile touched Grampa’s lips. “No. I would have loved for her to visit, see where I was born, but once she heard that your grandmother couldn’t go, she refused to go, too. Your mother was a very stubborn young lady.”
Way to go, Mom. I wished I had her spirit. As for Kim, she’d lied. I couldn’t wait to tell her to shut her trap about my family. “Uh, so what was your penalty for marrying Grandmother?”
His mouth turned down at the corners, and his eyes narrowed. “It was selfish of me to expect her to accept our differences. Watching the light in her eyes dim and her spirit wane as years went by while she aged and I didn’t was my punishment. Toward the end…” He paused, ran a hand over his long, graying hair, and dragged air into his lungs. “She couldn’t even look at me.”
He mumbled the last sentences, but I heard him. Stabs of pain rained on my heart. To love like he did and then lose it all must have been soul-crushing. Tears crested in my eyes and spilled over. Grampa’s eyes were bright as he reached for my hands.
He gave them a reassuring squeeze. “It’s okay. For forty years, we had the time of our lives. So much love, so much laughter. I made sure she was the happiest woman alive.”
I laughed through tears, knowing he was trying hard to be upbeat for my sake, but I was an empath like him. With ours hands linked, I could feel his pain, his heart aching for her even now.
He patted my hand and nodded. “Let me make something to drink.” His voice broke, but he tried to cover it with a cough. “I’m parched.”
My heart ached for him. He walked to the kitchen and opened the cupboards. We both needed the time to compose ourselves. I swiped at my cheeks, questions zipping in my head. Where did Mom meet my father? Why wasn’t I with her when she and Grandma had that fatal traffic accident? I looked up to find Grampa adding powdered chocolate mix to our drinks, his eyes on me.
“You want to know about Tatiana.” It came out as a statement, not a question.
I pretended not to be desperate for more information on my mother and shrugged. “We can talk some other time if you’d prefer.”
He carried the steaming mugs to where I sat, gave me a cup, and took his seat. He sipped his drink. I couldn’t bring myself to drink mine. I set it on a side table and focused on him.
“Your mother was brilliant. She spent years getting one degree after another. Communications. Computers. Finance. She attended the top universities—Stanford undergraduate, Yale and Cornell for her masters. She could have been anything she wanted to be, but she liked new challenges. She spent years traveling and doing odd jobs here and abroad. At last, she joined the African High Council in Johannesburg. We thought she’d settle down there, but she transferred to Australia then to South America.”
“She must have inherited the gypsy wanderlust from Grandma,” I teased.
Grampa laughed. “That’s what your grandmother used to say. While in South America, she fell in love with a young Civilian Guardian and got engaged. She was about to bring him home to visit us when she called. The engagement was off. His family was not sure marrying a Nephling was the right thing to do.” Grampa blinked and cleared his throat.
My heart strained to keep beating at a steady pace, but a chill streaked down my spine. “Was he my—?”
“No, he wasn’t your father. But after that, your mother decided she didn’t want to work for the council anymore. She disappeared. We heard from her on and off, but she didn’t come home for years. And when she did, she had you.” Grampa swallowed another mouthful of his drink and smiled. “You brought light back into your grandmother’s eyes.”
“So you never met my father?”
“Sadly, no.”
I shook my head, not understanding. “But you always said he was a wonderful man who made Mom happy.”
“The few times your mother called, she sounded happy.”
“But?” 
He stared at his cup for a very long time as though deciding how much to tell me. 
“Don’t hold anything back, Grampa. I need to know instead of hearing other people’s versions of what happened.”
He put his drink down, rested his elbows on his knees, and steepled his fingers. His gaze locked with mine. “When your mother returned with you, she’d changed. She was withdrawn. She moved in with Janelle and became a recluse. I couldn’t reach her, your grandmother couldn’t reach her, and even Janelle said Tatiana never discussed where she’d been those past years. She spent her waking moments with you.” He paused and released a breath. “I was away that day.”
“The day of the accident?” I asked. Grampa’s lips pinched, and his eyes became shadowed. When he didn’t speak, my heart lurched. “Grampa?”
“I know I’ve always said that your mother and grandmother died in a traffic accident.” He measured his words.
I nodded.
“That’s not true.”
My heart slammed with dread.
Grampa looked at me with eyes that begged for understanding. “We lived in New England at the time, but we, the Cardinals Guardians, were in California fighting wildfire demons. I thought they were safe under the Council’s protection, but Coronis’ demons attacked our enclave. Other Guardians fought back. Flora couldn’t. She had no powers.” He paused and shook his head.
I wanted to tell him to stop, ease the pain apparent in his voice, but I couldn’t speak. I had to know the truth. A lump swelled in my throat, suffocating me. Grampa never wanted to discuss the “accident” that took my mother and grandmother. I thought the pain was too much for him to bear, the wounds too fresh. Now I understood he couldn’t tell me the truth until I got my powers.
“Tatiana used her clairvoyant powers and saw them attack Flora.” His voice broke. “But by the time she teleported home, your grandmother was gone. Your mother didn’t stand a chance against the demons. They drained her psi energy. Without it, we can’t survive—and no Guardian healer can ever reverse such an attack. We were alerted, but when I got home, Tatiana was barely hanging on. She had just enough strength left to telepath to me what happened and to ask me one thing—to keep you safe.”
Beads of sweat dotted Grampa’s forehead and his breathing was labored, but what sent my heart plunging to my feet were the tears. They swelled in his eyes, turning his dark eyes into pools of misery. I gulped.
“I didn’t protect them. I failed my only child and my Flora,” he whispered, his voice shaking.
My vision blurred as tears raced down my cheeks. What should I say? I kicked off the blanket, jumped up, and rushed to his side. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and held him tight. For a moment, grief locked my throat in a chokehold. I pressed my cheek against his head and rocked him, each shake of his powerful shoulder a jab to my heart.
“It wasn’t your fault. The council should have been watching Grandma. They are the ones who failed to protect her, not you.” My voice grew firmer. “You made good on the promise you made Mom. You kept me with you in your travels, homeschooled me, and trusted only those closest to you with my safety.”
I talked and talked until Grampa patted my arm. “I’m sorry I’m being such an old goat.”
“No, it’s my fault for always pushing for answers.” I knelt down by his chair and looked into his red-rimmed eyes. “I didn’t mean to dredge up painful memories for you, Grampa. I just…needed to know the truth so people don’t blindside me with lies about our family.”
He reached out, cupped my cheeks, and smiled. “You have your grandmother’s fortitude and your mother’s stubbornness. You’ll need both in the years to come. But don’t ever lose your innate sweetness.”
I smiled, or attempted to. “You really think I’m like Mom and Grandma?”
“Absolutely. You’re the great grandchild of the King of the Gypsies.”
For the next thirty minutes, Grampa talked and I listened. He covered how he and Grandma met, their courtship, the bride price he paid for her hand in marriage, and the years he lived with her family. When he stopped, the twinkle was back in his eyes and a smile danced on his lips.
I leaned over and kissed his temple. “Go on to bed, Grampa. I’ll clean up.” I indicated the newspaper on the floor, the cups, and the plates.
“I think I’ll do that.” He patted my arm and got up.
“Love you, Grampa,” I added as he walked away.
“Same here, sweetheart. Don’t stay up too late. It’s after ten.” The door closed behind him.
I picked up the papers from the floor, hand washed all the cups and the dishes when I could have put them in the dishwasher, and mopped the surfaces in the kitchen and the living room.
In my room, I rearranged my desk and then my closet, color coordinating my shirts, skirts, and pants. I wanted to mourn the deaths of my mother and grandmother, but my tears refused to fall. Something I couldn’t explain settled deep inside of me and refused to dislodge.
At last, I slid between the sheets. With the comforter pulled to my chin, my room lit by the dim nightlight beside the door, I admitted what was bugging me. Bran. Did he know about the raid on the Guardians and the demons responsible?

Chapter 16.  The Meeting


It was unusually chilly the next morning. Ice crusted the grass and the fallen leaves by my truck. Goose bumps spread on my skin even though I wore a long-sleeved top and jeans instead of my usual skirts. Kylie, when she stepped out of her trailer, had on plaid skinny pants and a black T-shirt with the word Diabolus plastered above a skeleton couple. The cold didn’t seem to bother her at all.
She slid beside me and gave me an impish grin. “The guy who writes the feature article for the Grizz is down with the stupid flu.”
“And you’re telling me because…?” I asked as I pulled out of our site.
“I agreed to help, which brings us to you.” She flashed another toothy grin. “I haven’t told the editor yet, but I want to do an in-depth story on C12, the dojo for the beautiful and the gifted. Can I interview you, the newest member of the elite team?” She thrust a rectangular electronic gadget under my nose. “For the record, are the instructors hot?”
Sizzling. I wrinkled my nose. “Old.”
“Ew.”
“Exactly.” I exited the Motel 6 parking lot and entered the highway. The last thing I needed was my best friend snooping around the dojo and the back rooms where we trained. “There’s no story in that place.”
“That’s for me to find out,” Kylie said, speaking into the recorder. “How does it feel to get sweaty with Sykes and Remy? Is Kim a bitch during training? What about Izzy? Does she control everyone?”
She wasn’t giving up. And there was no way was I giving out information on my fellow trainees. They already had enough reasons to not like me.
“Earth to Lil,” Kylie said, waving her recorder in front of my eyes.
I pushed her hand out of the way. “I’m trying to drive, you know.”
“I need help,” she griped. “Save me.”
I rolled my eyes. “You’re going to hate me for this.”
“No comment?”
I nodded. “No comment.”
“Stinker. I’ll ask Sykes or Remy.” Kylie put her junior reporter gadget away and asked, “So? Ready for tomorrow?”
I frowned. “What’s happening tomorrow?”
“Duh, the school dance, remember?”
How could I forget? So much had happened since I promised to go. The excitement of it all had waned. “I, uh…”
“Oh no you don’t. This is your first dance and I’m not letting you off the hook.”
Note to self…don’t make promises you may need to break later. “I haven’t talked to Grampa about it yet.”
“Do it tonight, or I’ll do it for you.”
For the rest of the drive and most of the morning, I wondered what I’d wear and whether or not to invite Bran. At nineteen, a high school dance might not be his thing, but I’d like to think he wouldn’t care because he’d be with me. The thought improved my mood.
Mr. Johnson gave us a surprise quiz in pre-calc. Math was one of my favorite subjects, so I felt confident that I aced it. We started a chapter on naming molecules and compounds in chemistry, which wasn’t so bad. I’d already memorized the periodic table. Before heading to the cafeteria for lunch, I went by my locker to put books away and found Sykes and Remy waiting for me.
“Why the long faces, guys?”
They glanced at each other. Then Sykes said, “You’re in a good mood.”
I shrugged. “Why not. Tomorrow is Friday.” No training for two days. Kylie and I planned to hang out by the pool. “Are you guys coming to the dance tomorrow?”
They nodded, but still looked glum. I was used to Sykes’ perpetual smirk. And even the ever-serious Remy often cracked a smile whenever our paths crossed. I put my books away and then faced them. “Okay, guys. Who died and when’s the funeral?”
“You and Kim need to talk,” Remy said.
I rolled my eyes and started walking toward the cafeteria. The guys stuck by my side. “Did she send you?” I asked.
“Hell no,” was Sykes’ immediate response.
“We’re a team, and whatever problems we have, we solve them together,” Remy added.
He had a point. “I have a better idea. She and I can duke it out at the dojo this evening, trainee-to-trainee, and call it a day.”
They continued to stare at me with sour faces, indicating just how bothered they were by what happened last evening. “Okay, fine. I hate holding grudges, and I need to set Kim straight on a few things. Unless you want me to come now, I’ll join you guys after I eat.” I noticed the girls often came to the cafeteria late and rarely ate anything. I assumed they went home for lunch first.
Remy patted my shoulder. “I’ll let the others know.” He disappeared down a hallway. Sykes continued with me to the cafeteria. He and Remy ate with a bunch of jocks.
“So how come you’re in such a happy mood?” he asked.
Last night flashed in my head. The flight. The kiss. How could I not be happy? He had to agree to take me to the dance. “I’ve never been to a school dance before.”
“No kidding. You’re going to be very surprised.” We stopped by the cafeteria entrance. “Your friends are already at a table.”
Sure enough, I spied Kylie, McKenzie, and Amelia. “Kylie’s doing an article on the dojo, so be prepared when she ambushes you with her recorder.”
Sykes stiffened. “You didn’t tell her anything, did you?”
I threw him an annoyed look. “What do you think?” I walked away before he could answer, got my food, and joined the others. Before long, our table was full with the usual group. The girls were discussing what they planned to wear when I looked up and gasped. The conversation at our table became an insignificant background buzz.
What was Bran doing here?
As though he knew where I was, he turned and our eyes met. Then he started toward me, and everything appeared to go in slow motion. A wave of silence followed him as necks craned and heads turned to watch him. I didn’t blame them. The combination of black jeans, black loafers, and a long black trench coat gave him a seductive and dangerous aura. His dark-green dress shirt made his eyes look darker and broodier. And his luxurious hair cascaded in waves to his shoulders, highlighting his gorgeous face.
When he stopped across from me and leaned over until our faces were only a few inches apart, I was convinced he’d kiss me. My breath stalled. Seconds stretched.
“Come with me,” he said, his voice low, and offered me his hand.
Reality shifted and time righted itself. Something wasn’t right. Up close, I noticed that his emerald eyes had darkened to the stormy green of the North Atlantic Ocean and a muscle ticked on his jaw. I slipped my hand in his and confirmed my suspicions. He was upset about something. I walked around the end of the table to his side, my gaze searching his face.
“Kylie, Amelia,” he said in greeting.
My friends responded, but I didn’t hear anything they said. I was busy trying to communicate with him. What is it?
I’ll explain outside.
Please, let it not be something to do with me. I swallowed, trying hard not to panic. I was still stressing as we walked toward the door. Silent stares followed us. At a different time, I would’ve worn a smug expression, maybe even given the girls ogling him a he-is-mine look. Right now, I just wanted us to be alone so I could find out what was going on. I wound my arm around his and clung tightly to his hand.
Kim’s table was still empty, which was a relief. I couldn’t deal with them right now. We passed the kids hanging out on the cafeteria patio and headed toward Memorial Bridge. Students were everywhere—on the wall of the bridge, behind it, on the grass beside the fence separating the track and football field from the school compound.
“Where are we going?” I asked Bran.
“The second bridge.”
He led me past the students and walked along the river, the trees, and shrubbery, until we reached the second bridge south of the school. The rickety overpass with metal railings was secluded. A couple was already seated there, their feet dangling above the water, lips locked.
“Crap,” Bran muttered.
I took charge and hoped my powers wouldn’t fail me. Leave. Go now. Don’t come back.
The students scrambled to their feet and dashed past us.
Bran smiled. “That was good.”
“Thank you.”
“When did you master the power of persuasion?”
I shrugged. “I can’t say I’ve mastered it. I used it a few days ago on a guy who was bothering me, and it worked.”
He frowned. “Someone was bothering you?”
“Nothing I can’t handle. What’s going on?” We walked on the metal bridge and leaned against the rail. When he didn’t speak right away, my anxiety shot up. “You’re scaring me, Bran.”
“I have to go home.”
My heart dropped. “To Coronis Isle?”
“No, L.A.” He stepped away and scrubbed his face.
Something cold settled in the pit of my stomach at the stricken expression on his face. “Why? What’s wrong?”
“Gavyn’s in trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“I’ve been trying to get in touch with him since yesterday, but I couldn’t reach him. I asked a friend in L.A. to locate him. I just got the word that he ran into some problems with his den leader. I have to go and help him.”
The Cardinals just got the go-ahead to help Bran and now his brother was in trouble. Was that too much of a coincidence, or was I just being paranoid? “What kind of trouble? Why do you have to go? Why not the Cardinals?”
Bran ran his fingers through his hair. “This doesn’t concern them. I’m the only one who can testify on Gavyn’s behalf. Don’t look surprised—we do have a judicial system of some sort. The charges are ridiculous, of course.”
I gripped his wrists and pulled his hands down. “What charges?”
“Remember the Goetz brothers?”
I could never forget the two demons with red eyes and fiery omnis. I nodded.
“They’re missing, and Gavyn has been charged with their disappearance.”
I frowned. “So you think he’s not responsible?”
“I know he’s not. My brother is many things, but he’s not a killer. I have to find out what’s going on and help.”
“With a brother like that, we wonder about you,” Remy interrupted from behind us.
Bran and I turned. Remy and Sykes stood on the grassy end of the bridge to our left. Legs apart, bodies tense, and primed for action, they pulled off their gloves. What were they doing? The only time they removed those gloves was when they used their powers at the dojo.
“Who are you?” Sykes asked in a cold voice.
A sound came from the other side of the bridge, and I whipped around to find Kim pulling out a dagger from inside her boot. The serrated blade gave off a green glow. It was nothing like the ones we used during practice. A glint caught my eyes as Izzy lifted her preppy plaid skirt and pulled out shurikens from a leather belt around her stocking-clad thigh.
Realization dawned, and I swallowed a lump of panic. This was a coordinated attack, and the target was Bran. I had to diffuse the situation fast. “Guy’s, this is Bran Llyr. I told you about him last week.”
“We guessed as much,” Remy said.
“Then why the weapons? The Cardinals know he’s here.”
“They’re too trusting. They’ve forgotten what happened the last time a so-called souled demon came to us and claimed he needed refuge.” Sykes pushed his gloves in the back pocket of his pants and took a step forward, his eyes hard and cold. “More of their kind followed and the next thing they knew, there was infestation and the slaughter of our people.”
“Including your mother and grandmother, Lil,” Remy added in a hard voice.
“I know,” I snapped. “My grandfather told me everything last night.”
“And the fact that we can’t read his thoughts implies he’s hiding something,” Sykes added.
Bran cocked an eyebrow. “Maybe I prefer to keep my thoughts to myself. Do you guys mind? We were having a private conversation when you interrupted.” Though Bran’s tone was even, his body was coiled tighter than a spring wire.
I raised my hands to calm everyone. The trees and shrubberies shielded us from the other students, but this situation could get worse fast. I looked at Remy. “Just before lunch, you said we were a team and must resolve our problems together. Let Bran leave. Then we can discuss this calmly.”
“I’m not leaving you to defend our relationship,” Bran whispered harshly.
“Now is not a good time to be difficult. I can deal with this.”
He reached for my hand. “Then deal with this too—I’m not going anywhere.”
“Take…your…hands…off…her,” Sykes snapped.
Bran’s hands stilled. He lifted his head and pinned the blond with a cold glare. “Or what?”
“Or you’ll have to deal with me.” An energy ball appeared above Sykes’ palm.
“You don’t scare me, fire boy,” Bran taunted him.
Sykes lifted his chin. “Then bring it on.”
Bran laughed. “Bet I can turn you into a prune faster than you can lob that poor excuse of an energy ball.”
Sykes’ eyes flashed at his response, the energy ball growing bigger and bluer fast. I tightened my hold on Bran’s hand and jerked hard. Stop it.
He started it.
And you can stop it. But I might as well be telepathing a brick wall.
Bran didn’t even look at me. Lord knows why he was itching to take on Sykes. I turned to Remy. “Do something.”
“You can’t trust demons, Lil.”
“Half-demon,” I retorted.
“Same difference.” His gaze didn’t waver from Bran either. He rocked on his heels, and the bridge creaked under us as though the cores of the metal were rearranging themselves. He glanced at Izzy and Kim then nodded.
I followed his gaze and realized why Kim and Izzy hadn’t said a word. While the guys distracted us, Izzy had inched closer. I locked on her thoughts and read her objective. She meant to grab my arm and teleport me to safety. Kim shuffled toward the bushes behind us, hers eyes on Bran and her movements purposeful.
Izzy extended her hand toward me. “Come with me, and I’ll explain how this works.”
Was she for real? If I left Bran’s side, they’d attack him. This little misunderstanding could escalate into something lethal. And from the way Bran tried to ease his hand off mine, he knew it, too. My grip tightened. I wasn’t sure whether it was to stop him or myself from zapping these guys and knocking some sense into their thick heads. I took a deep breath, held it, and then released. “Listen to me, guys. Bran has been—”
“No, you listen to us,” Kim snapped. “You’re one of us now, and we stick together, no matter what. You don’t take sides with the enemy. Go with Izzy.”
“Shut up, Kim. Bran’s been hunting with the Cardinals for the last week.” They still circled like vultures. My eyes flew from face to face. “In the last two days, he’s been testifying before the CT in Xenith. He convinced them that he’s Tariel’s grandson and that he needs the Cardinals’ help to rescue his family. Attack him and you’ll have to answer to the CT.”
Everyone froze.
“At ease, guys,” Remy said. He relaxed his fists then slipped his gloves back on.
Sykes extinguished the energy ball by closing his hand before snatching his gloves from the back pocket of his pants. He put them on, his narrowed gaze still on Bran. On the other side of the bridge, Kim slipped her daggers into her boots and the shurikens disappeared under Izzy’s skirt.
“Does this mean Bran is free to leave?” I asked.
“No,” the trainees said in unison.
If we hadn’t just avoided a precarious situation, I would have found their unified front impressive. One by one, they climbed onto the bridge, settled on the opposite rail, and crossed their arms. Until today, I never imagined they could be so intimidating.
“We don’t have much time, so start explaining the meeting with the CT,” Sykes said.
Do I have to put up with his crap? Bran telepathed me.
Don’t let him get to you.
He started talking, from working with the Cardinals to testifying in front of the Council. They interrupted and asked for verification. 
“When are the Cardinals planning to rescue your sister?” Izzy asked.
“In the next week or so.”
“What’s the point of rescuing your brother when he’s a vile soul-reaper?” Sykes added.
Bran tensed. “That’s for the Cardinals to decide, not you.”
Sykes grinned. Every time he got a rise out of Bran, he smirked. Remy punched Sykes’ arm. “Don’t sweat it, bro. Once they turn him, we’ll teach him a thing or two about how to act right.” The two trainees knocked fists, grinning. Bran didn’t move a muscle, but his resentment toward the guys slammed into me in droves.
“Good luck, man,” Remy said and started off the bridge.
“Yeah,” Sykes added. His gaze touched me, and he walked away.
Izzy approached us first. “Sorry we almost attacked you, Bran, but we’re at war and not every one of your people can be trusted.” Unease flashed on her face. “I guess I shouldn’t call them your people now that you’re fighting for us.”
Bran shrugged. “I guess not.”
She wiggled her fingers at me and took off. We turned our attention to Kim, who hadn’t moved from her position on the other rail. Instead of addressing Bran, she looked at me with narrowed eyes. “I know what I said last night offended you, but the fact still remains that people do have questions about the origins of your exceptional abilities. I’m the only one brave enough to voice them. As for the rest of the stuff I said, I apologize if I was out of line.” Her gaze shifted to Bran. She gave him a scathing once-over. “I hope you don’t hang around after the Cardinals help your family. My father heads the local High Council and he doesn’t trust your kind.” Then she flung her hair and sashayed off the bridge, her boots beating an even staccato on the metal.
I shook my head, not sure whether to ignore her or just hate her.
“She’s—”
“Not important.” Bran ran his hands up and down my arms. “I don’t know when I’ll be back, but—”
“Have you told the Cardinals about this?”
He shook his head. “No need to. I’ll be fine. I should be in and out of there within a few days.”
“You don’t know that. At least tell them where you’re going and how you can be reached.”
He scowled as though he disliked the idea. Then he sighed. “Fine. I’ll do that if it makes you happy.”
That was something, but it wasn’t enough to ease my worries. “And if it’s a trap?”
“I can take care of myself, worrywart. I’ve got to go.” Bran kissed my forehead and pulled me into his arms.
I wound mine around his waist and held him tight. “Promise you’ll be careful.”
“Always.”
The first bell rang. I didn’t want to leave.
“Lil,” he whispered.
I hugged him tighter.
“You need to go, Sunshine. But train hard while I’m gone. Master as many of your skills as you can.”
How romantic. I was hoping for how much he would miss me. I sighed and leaned back to look into his gorgeous face. The dimpled smile and the smoldering emerald eyes seemed to invite my touch. I reached up, stroked the planes of his face with the tips of my fingers, and traced his dimple. “Why do you always tell me that? Train. Master your powers.”
“I don’t want you to be caught unaware.” He turned his head and pressed a kiss in the palm of my hand. “Go, or you’ll get a tardy slip.”
“I don’t care.”
“I do. I’ll be back, I promise.”
I swallowed, not sure why I had a foreboding feeling of impending doom. Were the vibes from him? Was this goodbye but he wasn’t telling me? I reached up, pressed my lips to his, and ran off the bridge. Grief squeezed my chest, making it hard to breathe. Then I remembered the question I’d meant to ask him.
“Do you know anything about the demons that raided our people ten years ago?”
He nodded. “Valafar and his men led the attack. Why?”
That name again. “I just wanted to know. Be careful, Bran.” I turned and hurried toward the cafeteria patio. When I looked back, he stood in a clearing, where I could see him and he could see me.
The second bell rang. As the door closed behind me, I could still see him through the glass pane. The hold grief had on my chest tightened. The door between us felt too much like a barrier, like he and I would always be separated by who we were. Not liking the direction of my thoughts, I hurried to my next class.
Bran stayed on my mind the entire afternoon. More than ever, I wished I’d mastered my powers so I could find him and confirm that he was okay. What was the point of being alrunes when I couldn’t feel his emotions whenever I wanted?
Kylie’s editorial woes kept her at school, so she didn’t need a ride home, which suited me because I was in a crappy mood. The sweet aroma of chili greeted me when I opened the door. Grampa had cooked, but he wasn’t at home. I located his psi energy. He was in the valley.
I went through the motions of doing my homework, and at the dojo hours later, we concentrated on telekinesis. We used heavier objects—chairs, tables, the ceiling. No, the last one was an accident. I planned to move a hovering table to my left, but instead locked on the ceiling. Plaster and wood tumbled down, leaving behind a gaping hole. My jaw dropped and laughter bubbled through. Mrs. D gaped when the table danced in the air as if it had a life of its own. The harder I laughed the more the darn thing moved. She joined me.
Footsteps sounded in the hallway and the door burst open. “What’s going…?” Kenta’s voice trailed off, his gaze taking in the crazy scene. Behind him stood the instructors and trainees.
Mrs. D controlled herself long enough to say, “The ceiling exploded.” Then she laughed harder.
“Help them, Remy,” Kenta said. He and the others disappeared, leaving Remy behind.
“What happened,” Remy asked as we gathered the pieces and passed them to him. I explained the accident. “You’re powerful,” he said when I finished.
Mrs. D grinned. “She will be when I’m done with her.”
She made it sound like teaching me was a personal challenge. I guess I had to be step up too. Remy teleported and appeared above the hole. Balancing on a beam, he repaired the damage while we floated the rest of the pieces to him. The hole grew smaller and smaller. When he finished, there was no signs the ceiling had been blown open.
He reappeared beside us. “Anything else?”
“No, that’s it,” Mrs. D said. “Thank you. Sorry, we pulled you away from your own practice.”
He shrugged and glanced my way, a weird expression on his face. “That’s okay. Later, Lil.”
I gave him a tiny wave.
“We’ll start working on teleporting,” Mrs. D. said after Remy left. “Once you master that, we’ll practice telekinesis outdoors. Somewhere where you can cause mayhem without damaging anything.”
“Sahara Desert?” I asked.
She smiled. “Not enough rocks. Cederberg Mountains and Nature Reserve, South Africa. We can teleport there and make it back home in time for dinner.”
I liked Mrs. D. She was not afraid to be goofy.

***

Kylie jumped out of her trailer as soon as I drove up. She waved, said something to her mother, who sat under their awning, then walked over. Her mother looked at me but didn’t nod or wave, making me wonder if seeing me with Bran yesterday had something to do with her attitude. I was tempted to read her mind, but decided not to bother.
I pushed my hands deep into the pockets of my hoodie and turned my attention to Kylie. “Still working on your article?”
She gave a dramatic sigh. “Both Sykes and Remy refused to comment. I think I’ll do one on school dances after tomorrow night. Did your grandfather say you can go?”
“I, uh, haven’t asked him yet. He wasn’t home earlier.” He was home now.
“Go ask him now,” Kylie urged.
Hope he says no. “Do you want to come with me while I do it?” That way if he said no, she’d witness it.
Kylie stared at our trailer and hesitated. “You sure you want me there?”
“Come on.”
Inside, the scent of baked rolls filled the air. Grampa was on the couch, a tray with a bowl of chili and a plate of dinner rolls on his lap. A tabloid newspaper sat on the arm of his chair. He looked up and grinned, not in the least surprised to see Kylie with me. “I hope you girls are hungry. I have a pot of hot chili and dinner rolls.”
I glanced at Kylie. “Want some?”
She shrugged. “Sure.”
I got two bowls from the cupboard and served the steaming mixture. Cumin and oregano wafted to my nose. I caught Grampa’s gaze on me. “Looks good, Grampa.”
“Tastes better,” he answered, giving me his standard response.
“Can I go to a dance tomorrow night?”
He put his spoon down and frowned. “Where?”
“At school. It’s a back-to-school thing.”
“Who’s going to be at this dance?” When I didn’t answer, he turned his attention to Kylie. “Do you know, young lady?”
“Just other kids from school, sir,” she answered. “We’re going with my cousin, Amelia, and our friends, Nikki and McKenzie.”
Grampa looked at me, still frowning. “When does it end?”
I shrugged. I had no idea.
“One o’clock,” Kylie answered.
Grampa hesitated as though trying to figure out something. He probably saw through Kylie’s lie. “Okay. But be home by eleven.” He went back to his food and paper. Subject closed.
I slanted my head toward my bedroom, and Kylie hurried ahead of me.
“One o’clock?” I asked. “Lamest lie ever.” Most dances ended at eleven.
“Hey, we might hang out afterwards.” She clambered on my bed, sat cross-legged, and hugged a pillow. I handed her a bowl of chili, put mine on the desk, and went back to get dinner rolls and spoons. I could feel Grampa’s eyes on me. I ignored him. I pushed my door shut on my way back and then sat with my back against the wall.
“Your grandpa is, like, really strict,” Kylie whispered.
She was sucked in by his performance. “He’s not so bad.”
“I thought he’d start asking about boys,” she added with a giggle.
Maybe that was it. Grampa knew if I stayed at home, I’d stress about Bran. “I’m sure he was thinking about them.”
“Does he know about Bran? Does he approve?”
“Yeah. He does.”
“Phew. It’s bad when they don’t. The jury is still out on Cade, but I don’t care. I love him. Have you kissed Bran yet?”
“None of your business.”
Kylie laughed. “Busted. Did you put your tongue in his mouth?”
The very idea was shocking yet…intriguing. I shook my head.
“You don’t know what you’re missing.”
What? I wanted to ask Kylie. I couldn’t imagine kissing Bran that way. I’d burst into flames or something. Even now, I was sweating just thinking about it.
We ate, talked about boys, tomorrow’s dance, and the Halloween party at Cade’s next month. I wasn’t sure I’d go, but I had a month to back out. Kylie helped me with my history homework before she left.
Grampa was fast asleep on his chair when I checked on him. I retrieved a throw blanket from his room and draped it around him before I cleaned up the kitchen.
“Kylie’s gone?”
I turned and smiled. “Yes, Grampa. Did I wake you up with my noisy cleaning?” I hand washed the pots and pans, but the dishes were in the dishwasher, which whirred in the background.
Grampa sat up, rotating his neck to remove kinks. “No, sweetheart. You didn’t.”
There was silence, but I was aware of his gaze on me. “You’re not hunting tonight?”
“Later.” He stood and walked to where I wiped the counters. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“About what?”
“Everything. You didn’t really want to go to the dance tomorrow.”
Of course, he knew. I shrugged. It was a done deal. No need complaining about it.
“You’re worried about Bran?” he asked.
“Why do you say that?”
“You’re cleaning. You do that when you’re angry or worried.”
I stopped and wrinkled my nose. “I guess I am. I think it might be a trap.”
He gave me an indulgent smile. “He’ll be fine. The boy is smart and a quick thinker. He gave Hsia his contacts in L.A. From what she told me, he should be back in a day or two.”
Despite Grampa’s confidence, I still worried. Dropping the paper towels in the garbage can under the sink, I kissed his cheek. “Goodnight, Grampa.”
“Night, sweetheart.” He didn’t move as I walked away. Right when I reached my door, he spoke again. “On Saturday, you can buy those human gadgets you’ve been going on about.”
Yes!
“You might think about asking Remy and Sykes to go with you. I don’t know anything about these modern machines.”
I rolled my eyes. “I can shop by myself.”
He shrugged. “Okay. Also, buy yourself some new clothes.”
“Why?”
“The High Council will be hosting a party for you next weekend. You’ll get to meet the key people here and tour the headquarters. I believe the other Councils around the world will send representatives and their trainees.” He puffed his chest and grinned.
I grimaced. “Let me guess, news of my weird powers has travelled?”
“No sweetheart, an introduction to key people in our organization is something all new Cardinal trainees go through.”

Chapter 17.  School Dance and Demonic Boys


The next evening, Kylie fixed my makeup under Amelia’s watchful gaze. They refused to give me a mirror until she was done. I grinned at my reflection.
I’d expected a heavy Goth result but was surprised at the way she enhanced my eyes with just the right amount of eye shadow and mascara. I liked the way she did my hair the best. She brushed my long mane, left it loose, and made two mini-braids on either side of my head, clipping them in the back in a hippie-like style.
The three of us pulled up outside the school at about eight in Grampa’s truck. The parking lots and streets crawled with cars, music blasting from stereos and mingling with the booming beat from the school’s main building.
Skateboarders zoomed past us. Boys in pants hanging halfway down their butts and T-shirts with crazy logos walked with arms around girls in skimpy skirts or low-riding tight jeans. Bright-colored flirty tops showing skin and more skin, and over the top makeup seemed to be the in-thing. I never thought I’d be overdressed in jeans and a burgundy top. The only thing daring about it was the deep V-neck.
“Come on,” Kylie said as she jumped down from the truck, shrugged off her jacket, and threw it inside the cab. It landed on her cousin.
“Hey, do I look like a coat stand?” Amelia yelled at her and hopped down, grinning.
“Your glasses,” Kylie reminded her, her head bopping to thrumming beats streaming through the air.
Amelia hesitated, and then shrugged and placed them on the dashboard. She squinted.
“Kylie, your outfit rocks,” someone called out.
Kylie raised her hands and gave her the horned hand signal. She had on a belted, black tunic mini dress and calf-length sheer tights with solid dark rose buds. Her boots had so many buckles I lost count. And under the tunic, her top had sleeves with the same design as her tights. Like me, Amelia was a conservative dresser. She had on layered tees and jeans.
I joined the two girls, added my jacket to theirs, and locked the truck. If they hadn’t decided to ride with me, I’d be so lost and overwhelmed by now.
Kylie grabbed my hand and pulled me forward. “I’m dying to find Cade.”
Yeah, I wish I were here to meet Bran, too. I hoped he was fine. Hoped he’d be back tomorrow or the day after at the latest. I missed him.
We ducked past cars and kids with their lips locked and almost got knocked over by a skateboarder doing a backside. Across the street, on the lawn and under the trees, students hung out in groups, some paired up, others not. Kylie pointed out the chaperones as she searched for Cade.
I felt eyes on me before I noticed Izzy and a tall handsome guy with a trimmed goatee. He had his arms wrapped around her waist while her cheek rested against his chest, but their eyes were on me. Izzy wiggled her fingers in greeting. He nodded. I gave them a smile and a wave.
“That’s Rastiel. Brains, looks, and hoop dreams,” Amelia said from my other side.
“Is he a student here?” I asked.
“Nah. He graduated last year. He was the chairman of the Math Club and captain of the varsity team…a weird combo, but he made it work,” Amelia explained, glancing at the couple as we got closer to the school entrance. “He could have gone to any school, but chose Caltech, my dream school.”
“And if you haven’t guessed yet, he’s my cousin’s dream man,” Kylie added.
“Shut up already,” Amelia said.
I stole another glance at Izzy and her boyfriend. Was he human or Guardian? They looked perfect together. Where was Kim? Was her boyfriend in college, too?
“Hey guys,” McKenzie screamed and rushed toward us.
Who knew McKenzie could be so adventurous? She had on a lacy see-through camisole over a push-up bra and faux-ripped Capri denim. We hugged. “Where’s your friend?” she asked.
I frowned. “Friend?”
“Bran. That’s his name, right?” She looked at Kylie for confirmation.
Kylie nodded.
“Visiting his brother,” I answered and giggled at the understatement.
“Let’s go inside,” Kylie added, craning her neck to see through the glass windows in her search for Cade.
Someone opened the door and music blasted into the night. My heart thumped, the gypsy in me wanting to become one with the beat. We swept inside as a group.
The large foyer had shrunk. Kids were everywhere, their faces bathed by multi-colored lights flashing from the disco lights by the deejay’s table. Flanked by humongous speakers and subwoofers, a young guy in a baseball cap lifted bulky headphones onto his ears and worked the CD player and channel mixer. Beside him, on a chair, another guy typed on a laptop. Their table blocked the stairs and the doors leading to the school offices.
Smooth vocals from a hip-hop group filled the room. The students answered by rolling and rocking their hips, arms waving and feet shuffling. A few chose the window seat that ran along the length of the room as their stage. Others just nodded their heads, their backs to the wall. Some, in need of privacy, slipped inside the auditorium.
We were in the periphery of the crowd, near the vending machines, but the pulse of the music flowed through me and my feet found the rhythm. I lifted my hands, rocked my hips, and started to dance, but stayed close to my friends.
“I’m going to search for Cade,” Kylie yelled in my ear after a few minutes, and then disappeared in the throng of dancers.
Amelia, McKenzie, and I kept dancing. The crowd swelled, but I made sure we always stayed on the outskirts. The last thing I wanted was for my phobia to rear its ugly head. To have a panic attack in front of all these kids would be social suicide.
I started to sweat from all the dancing. Then I heard shouting through the microphone. The crowd went wild. I had no idea what was going on until McKenzie screamed, “Ooh, Cha-Cha Slide. I love that dance.”
I’d never danced the cha-cha slide and tried to slink away before I could humiliate myself, but McKenzie grabbed my hand, forcing me to stay. With little effort, I soon figured out the dance. The singer called out instructions, and the dancers followed them.
“…to the left…to the right…right foot two stomps…left foot two stomps…one hop this time…cha-cha real smooth…”
I found the rhythm and went with the flow. Kylie returned with Cade, Zack, and Nikki in tow. By the end of the song, my ballet flats were giving me blisters.
“I need fresh air,” I told McKenzie who was closest to me. I worked my way around the sweaty, writhing bodies. Just before I reached the door, a hand closed around my arm and I looked back.
“Leaving already, Red?” Sykes asked.
“No, going outside for some air,” I answered. He held onto my elbow, acted like my bodyguard, and escorted me outside.
Hook-up was the name of the game, and couples used every available place—under the trees, along the walls, and in corners—to create their own little romantic spaces. I tried to not stare. If Bran were here, would I be one of these couples? Thoughts of him flashed in my mind, bringing warmth to my cheeks and a smile to my lips.
Sykes found an empty spot on the low cement walls of the flowers beds criss-crossing the entrance to the school. He straddled it, facing me as I sat sideways.
“You’re blushing, Red. All this kissing getting to you?” He propped his foot on the wall and wrapped his arms around his bent knee. The slow grin on his lips made me more self-conscious. I was sweating and thinking naughty thoughts about another guy. Bet no girl ever did that with Sykes. Even in simple jeans, a black T-shirt, and scruffy black canvas shoes, he looked…interesting.
“No, it’s not,” I retorted and pulled my shirt away from my skin.
“You want to experiment? I’m willing.” He wiggled his brow.
I rolled my eyes, but inside, I wondered if I’d react to his kiss the same way I did to Bran’s. Should I experiment? “If I take you up on the offer, then what happens?”
His grin was slow. “We’d have some fun.”
“That’s okay. I’ll pass…this time.”
Sykes blew out air. Was it from disappointment or relief? I couldn’t tell, but flirting with a guy was fun. I should try it on Bran. I glanced at the building and the bodies writhing in ecstasy. “I just never imagined school dances were like this. It’s fun.”
Sykes frowned. Once again, I couldn’t tell the cause, whether it was the change in topic or my comments. “This is your first dance, right?”
“Yes.”
“It makes sense,” he said.
“What?”
“Your grandfather wanting to be protective of you. You’re pretty.”
I widened my eyes and fluttered my eyelids. “Are you flirting with me, Sykes?”
“And if I am?” He lifted a lock of my hair and rubbed it between his fingers, the gesture intimate. I leaned back, forcing him to let go. His expression became serious. “I like you, Red.”
Whoa, he was intense. I could feel my face warming. “And I like you, too, Sykes… Uh, what’s your last name?”
“Sykes.”
“First name?”
He shook his head. “Nah. Not even you can make me tell.”
I could read his mind if I wanted to. “Why not?”
“No one knows my first name. And those who do, don’t use it.”
“Not even Remy?”
“He’s an exception. We grew up together. And he knows better than to tell anyone, so don’t you try to charm it out of him. I don’t know what my parents were thinking, but I’m stuck with it.”
“Try mine. Lilith. Who names their kid Lilith?” I looked around to make sure no one was close enough to overhear us. “In the human world, it’s an innocent name. Beautiful even. In our world, after what I’ve learned these past few days, my mother must not have been thinking straight. I once Googled ‘Lilith’ and you wouldn’t believe what I found.”
Sykes shook his head. “Googled? I heard your grandfather hates modern technology.”
“He doesn’t. He just has no use for it. I often use library computers.”
“Personally, I don’t think there’s anything wrong with being named after the first woman ever created, the other face of Eve, a goddess, a revolutionary thinker who believed men and women should be equal and refused to bow down to her mate Adam, a beautiful enchantress no man could resist.” His smile was so naughty.
I laughed. He’d twisted the tales of Lilith in every mythology to make her sound wonderful. “You’re forgetting one important title,” I reminded him.
“You mean Queen of Demons? As long as you are on our side, we have nothing to worry about.”
Was that a dig at my relationship with Bran? “We’re not talking about me.”
“Aren’t we?” he teased.
I swatted his arm. “That’s not funny.”
“What isn’t funny?” McKenzie asked from behind us. Her gaze swung from me to Sykes, and locked on him.
“Sykes’ lame jokes. Were you looking for me?” I jumped down.
“Yeah. Let’s go dance.” But her wide eyes stayed on Sykes.
I shook my head and introduced them. He flashed a smile. She sighed, a dopey expression settling on her face. Oh brother. I’d better get her out of here before she throws herself at him. “Come on, McKenzie. See you later, Sykes.”
“Save a dance for me, Red.”
I dragged McKenzie toward the school entrance.
“He’s so hot,” she said. “How can you not want to kiss him?”
I glanced back and caught Sykes’ grin. I scrunched my face at him.
She wants me, Red. Jealous?
You wish.
Why are you dragging her away so fast?
Good question. I didn’t need to answer it now. I pushed the door, and McKenzie and I disappeared inside. I didn’t want Sykes, however tempting he looked. Bran was the one for me.
Still, I looked back at Sykes through the glass doors. Two girls had already taken up the spot I left a few minutes ago. As though he knew I was watching them, Sykes looked up. Our gazes met. He wiggled his eyebrows. What a flirt.
I turned and followed McKenzie to where Amelia, Zack, and Nikki were dancing. Cade and Kylie had long disappeared. Maybe I should just go home. I was already tired, and my feet hurt.
“Ooh, someone is checking you out, Lil,” McKenzie yelled in my ear, almost bursting my eardrum.
“Who?”
“Over there.” She motioned with her head.
Five jocks eyed us from the dark corner near the vending machines. With wide chests, legs like tree trunks, and baggy hip-hop attire, they looked like linebackers. They guzzled bottled drinks, which I hoped weren’t laced with alcohol or some weird drug.
“They’re hot. I’m going to ask the one with dark hair to dance,” McKenzie said.
I shook my head. McKenzie was boy-crazy. I didn’t like the predatory way they stared at us, or that Zack and Nikki were headed for one of the auditorium doors. “You don’t know them,” I warned.
“Who cares? It’s just a dance.”
As though they heard her, three of the guys detached themselves from the group and swarmed to our side. I didn’t catch their names, didn’t care to, but soon we were in a circle, Amelia and McKenzie flanking me, the three guys completing it.
The one opposite me, blond hair with dark roots, grinned. Something in his eyes bothered me. I tried to read his thoughts, but the music messed with my concentration. I pressed closer to Amelia, wanting to tell her the guys gave me the willies, but she was dancing with the guy beside her, a dreamy expression on her face.
Dark Roots crossed the divide between us and moved into my personal space. Panic surged through me. I stepped back. He followed, leering at my chest. Before I could stop him, he reached out and lifted my pendant from where it rested on the V of my top.
“What’s this? Ouch.” He let go. “It burned me.”
My gaze swung to the pendant. The hexagonal green core wasn’t glowing. I closed my hand around it. It was neither warm nor cold. The pendant only glowed and warmed when a demon was around, which meant this bonehead wasn’t one. But the pendant also caused demons excruciating pain. Why would it hurt this guy? I tried again to find his psi but was distracted by…McKenzie.
What was she doing?
She lifted her hands above her head and swayed her hips in a slow, circular motion. Her dance partner took her hands, intertwined them behind his head, and placed his hands on her waist. He drew her closer, locking their hips. He imitated her slow, sinuous dance.
I glanced over at Amelia. Her eyes were wide. Then McKenzie’s partner whispered something in her ear.
“I’ll be right back,” she mouthed to me and winked. She and the guy started toward the auditorium. The deejays chose that moment to replace the colored lights with strobes.
Bursts of white light and darkness blinded me, making it hard to see where McKenzie and the other jock were headed. I swallowed, my heart hammering with dread. Dark, tight places were my worst nightmare.
I strained to see and tried to find his psi. A flash of light and I saw his face. He nodded at someone. I followed his gaze to two of his friends who were still standing by the vending machines. The two threw their empty bottles in the trash can and started forward.
My heart dropped.
“We can join them if you’d like,” my partner whispered in my ear, dousing me with his foul breath, his hand gripping my arm.
“I don’t think so, pal.” I wrenched my arm from his hand and grabbed Amelia’s arm. “I think McKenzie is in trouble.”
“Not with all these chaperones.”
“The guy with her…” My voice trailed off when I realized Dark Roots was walking away, following his loser friends and McKenzie. I had to do something. “Amelia.”
“What?”
I pointed at her dance partner. “Don’t go anywhere with him. No, help me find one of the chaperones.”
“Why?”
Yeah, what would I tell them? The boys hadn’t done anything yet. “I have to find McKenzie.”
I looked at the undulating crowd. My irrational fear of tight, dark spaces, or rescuing my friend? That was a no brainer. I plowed into the crowd, my eyes on the retreating back of Dark Roots. Shadows from the strobe light skewed my vision, and bodies rolled onto my path, fueling my phobia. Failing to help McKenzie wasn’t an option.
A hand brushed against my breast. I slapped it away.
Another dug into my waist. “Want to dance?”
I grabbed his hand and yanked. A howl followed.
Bodies bumped me, slinked around me, and slowed me down. My height gave me an added advantage, and I could see Dark Roots disappearing toward the western ramp. I barreled through the dancers, heading his way, pushing and shoving, but forward motion seemed impossible. The flashing lights weren’t helping. The shadows and bodies smothered me and made my skin crawl.
Can’t let panic control me…can’t stop now…must go on…
Heart drumming hard, ears ringing, I plunged forward. I had to do something. But what? I couldn’t blow out the stupid lights or cut off electricity. Pandemonium would follow. Asking the other trainees for help would have been nice. But I couldn’t focus enough to lock on their psi energies. That left one solution. I hoped it worked on humans the same way it worked on the omnis. I closed my eyes and focused hard.
Everyone freeze.
Nothing happened. I stopped walking and focused until my head hurt. Freeze. The bodies bumping against me stopped. I opened my eyes. Great! I did it again.
The dancers had stopped with their arms frozen in crazy positions—bodies contorted and faces grotesque masks of merriment. The flashing lights washed over the frozen mob, giving an illusion of motion. Outside, I noticed students were still moving. If someone entered…
Doors…lock.
I weaved my way around the mannequin-like students, avoiding elbows and legs, praying I wouldn’t knock someone down and start a ripple effect. I burst out at the other end of the crowd and circled the western wall of the auditorium. More frozen students were in the slanted hallway.
Dark Roots was about to enter the band room located near the end of the ramp. I still couldn’t believe I’d frozen everyone in the building. How awesome was that? I tore down toward him, anger replacing my smugness. A wave of my hand and he flew across the broad hallway and hit the wall. Hope he gets a nasty bruise.
I burst into the classroom and hit the light switch. Cold fingers crawled up my spine at the frozen scene. The guy McKenzie had been dancing with had one arm around her waist and his other hand covering her mouth. Facing them were the two other guys. They were pulling at her arms, their leering expressions so disgusting I had to still the urge to knock them across the room. I couldn’t do that while they held McKenzie. I had to get her away from them first.
I rushed to her side. Fat teardrops were frozen on her cheeks, and her legs hung in the air as though she’d been kicking back. I reached out for her and gulped. My pendant lit up like Christmas tree.
My eyes darted around the room, heart slamming hard against my chest. Nothing but chairs and us. Could one of the boys be a demon? I must take McKenzie to safety. I reached forward and pulled her captor’s hand away.
A familiar cold laugh rippled across the room. My eyes widened in disbelief as Gavyn materialized at the farthest end of the room. In a black tux, white shirt, vest, and bow tie, he looked like he’d just left a party. How could he be here when he was supposed to be in some demon jail?
Just as the thought crossed my mind, two dark-haired men materialized beside him. The Goetz brothers were alive? “You!”
“Yeah, me,” Gavyn mocked, misunderstanding. “Did you think I’d give up so easily? I want my brother.”
“He’s not here,” I yelled, my mind going in circles. Who could have lured Bran away from the valley with the lie that Gavyn was in trouble? And why? Nausea hit my gut.
“Don’t lie to me, Guardian!”
Gavyn’s frosty voice penetrated the fog in my head. “I’m telling you the truth. Someone told Bran the Goetz brothers disappeared, that you were being charged with their death. Bran went to L.A. to see you. But you’re here, and they,” I pointed a shaking finger at his men, “they’re alive. It doesn’t make sense.”
His gray eyes flashed. “Lies. You can’t fool me.”
“Listen—”
“No, you listen to me. You think you did well tonight saving your friend? Unless you hand over my brother, I’ll come after everyone you love and care about with everything I’ve got. You won’t see me coming, but you’ll know it’s me. You can’t be everywhere, Guardian.”
Gavyn was too blinded by his hatred for me to listen to anything I said. And Bran. Who had him? Blood pounded in my temples, and my knees threatened to give out from under me as I imagined all sorts of scenarios. Had Coronis heard he was about to leave her breeding island and got him? She could be torturing him now. Maybe his mother was behind this treachery.
No, I mustn’t jump to conclusions. Bran was smart. He’d realize he was tricked. Or maybe he wouldn’t. I must try to contact him, tell Grampa what was happening. I closed my eyes and focused.
“Don’t you dare ignore me when I’m talking to you,” Gavyn snapped, breaking my concentration.
“Go away,” I yelled at him. “If you won’t listen to me, leave. And don’t come back.”
He smirked. “Oh, I’ll be back. And that’s despite the Council’s doubled security. Don’t you idiots know we always find a way? This time around, we’re winning this war.”
“Winning…winning…winning, is that all you ever think about? How about finding out who has your brother, you moron?”
“Your acting is pathetic, Guardian. I see right through… What are you doing?”
I dangled a chair between us, courtesy of my telekinetic abilities. I lifted another and another.
Gavyn smirked. “What are you going to do with those?”
My eyes narrowed. “What do you think? So, will you listen to me, or do I have to beat the crap out of you and your boys first? Bran…is…missing.”
He chuckled, exchanged glances with the Goetz brothers, and then sneered at me, his arms crossed. I waved my hand and the first chair sailed through the air. Pow. It hit the wall, right where the three of them had stood a second ago. The metal legs twisted and the chair crashed to the floor. Gavyn and his men reappeared to my right.
“Are you nuts to pick a fight with me?” Gavyn snarled. “Do you know who I am?”
“A bonehead who won’t listen to reason. If anything happens to Bran, I’ll hold you responsible.”
His eyes narrowed, and for a moment, I thought I got to him. “Try to hit me again—”
I missed him by a breath. Someone tried to stop the chair, but I was faster, my psi stronger.
“Let me get her,” one of the twins growled.
I smiled but on the inside, I wondered if I was getting in way over my head. There were three of them against me. No, Bran was worth it. “Bring it on, short stuff.”
Twin One locked on the still dangling chair and pushed. I resisted. The chair moved toward them. I felt the pressure in my head when his brother joined. Trying not to panic, I pushed some more. The chair kept moving toward them. Their eyes widened. I was stronger than both of them. If I wasn’t worried about Bran, I would have grinned. I wasn’t even exerting myself. I looked at Gavyn.
“Someone lured your brother away from here with a lie. Find out what’s going on.” He didn’t respond. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking and didn’t dare lock on his thoughts to find out. “Did you hear me?” I snapped.
“No one tells me what to do,” he snarled. A chair lifted and whipped through the air. It wasn’t coming toward me or the chair locked in the tug-of-war between me and the demon twins. It was headed for Kylie and the jocks, still frozen at the back of the class.
Keeping my hold on the other chair, I raised my hand and stopped the one Gavyn threw before it hit the students. I brought both chairs down and glared at him. “You could have hurt her.”
He sent a scathing glance at the students. “So? She’s human. Damned fools. Amazing what these were willing to sacrifice to win a game. So many of them, so many opportunities. Don’t get too attached to pawns, Guardian, or you’ll always lose.”
I stepped forward. “Give them back their souls, Gavyn.”
He stepped back. “I don’t have them…yet. Just bought their services for this little game we’re playing, just like I will buy others.” One of the Goetz brothers mumbled something. “Remember what I said, Guardian. Send my brother home, and I’ll leave you alone. Don’t, and you’ll be sorry.”
“I already told you. He’s miss—”
“What’s going on, Lil?” Remy snapped from behind me.
My head whipped toward the door. Remy, Sykes, Kim, and Izzy stood in the doorway.
“Are you crazy? You’ve frozen everyone in the building,” Kim added.
I pointed at the corner of the room at Gavyn and his men. “The demons. They…they used these football players to attack my friend. And Bran’s missing. He’s in danger. I tried to tell Gavyn, but he wouldn’t listen. He hates me—”
Sykes gripped my arms and shook me. “Whoa, slow down. What demons?” he asked.
I glanced back at the corner where I last saw Gavyn and the Goetz brothers. They were gone.

Chapter 18.  Crime and Punishment


“Gavyn and the Goetz twins were here,” I stressed, blinking hard to stop the tears from falling. Times like this I hated the fact that my tear ducts were tied to my emotions. “Remember? Bran got a message that the twins were dead and that Gavyn was being blamed for it. It’s a lie. They’re alive.”
“Really?” Kim asked.
I bristled, not liking the way she said that one word or how the others looked at me as though I’d lost my mind. I shrugged off Sykes’ hands and leaned against the wall for support. I was shaking. “Yes. I spoke with them just seconds ago. They…were…here.” I pulled out my amulet from under my top. “Look at the stone. It’s still warm and glowing.”
They all stared at the stone. That they needed proof to believe anything I said hurt.
Silence followed.
Did they believe me now? Sykes and Remy’s expressions were blank. Kim and Izzy walked past me to the frozen scene inside the band room. They circled the motionless students and murmured among themselves. I still wasn’t good at linking and only caught snippets of their thoughts. Freezing people…my powers…not fair…
“Isn’t he supposed to be in some demon jail or something?” Izzy added.
I nodded. “For the Goetz twins’ disappearance. Yet they were here with him.”
“The bastard is playing games,” Sykes said, drawing my attention.
“He’s not. Bran believed his brother was in trouble,” I snapped.
“I meant Gavyn. He lured Bran away, and now he’s messing with you,” Sykes explained.
I shook my head. “Gavyn doesn’t know Bran’s gone. That’s why he was here. He promised to keep coming after my friends until Bran goes home. I tried to tell him he wasn’t here, but he wouldn’t listen to me.” My voice ended in a sob, which only ticked me off.
“Then someone in the demon world is up to something,” Sykes muttered.
“Yep, and we’re caught in the middle,” Remy added.
I blinked at his choice of word. “We?”
“Yes, we. When a demon targets one of us, he or she deals with all of us.” He glanced at the others for affirmation.
Sykes nodded.
Izzy and Kim took their time before bobbing their heads.
“The Cardinals might think we’re inexperienced and keep us out of the loop whenever something big is going down, but we’re more than ready for assignments. If Gavyn comes back, we’ll be waiting for him. If Bran needs our help, we’ll give it to him.” Sykes grinned as though enjoying the thought of a good fight.
“Thanks.” My voice broke.
“So what’s the plan?” Izzy asked.
Remy pointed at Dark Roots. “Bring him inside and unfreeze everyone, Lil. Let’s finish this in private.”
I pointed at Dark Roots and dragged him across the floor to the band room. Up the ramp, students were still frozen on the dance floor and in the hallway. I focused, raised my hand, and pressed a palm toward them. Unfreeze.
Using my powers the second time was a little easier, but I was beginning to feel lightheaded and fatigued. And my head hurt. The students came to life, continuing to and from the restrooms as though they hadn’t stopped moving. Dancers resumed dancing and adjusted to a different rhythm. If anyone noticed the change in songs, I hope they’d blame the deejays.
“You may want to unlock the doors, too,” Sykes reminded me.
I did and smiled at him in gratitude as I joined them inside the room and closed the door.
“And these boneheads?” Sykes asked, pointing at the still frozen Dark Roots and his friends in the room with McKenzie.
I shook my head. “I don’t know. Can’t we beat the crap out of them and teach them a lesson or something?”
“Don’t you know anything? We can’t use our powers to harm humans. It’s against the code,” Izzy snapped.
I caught her eyes and sighed. Why couldn’t she see it wasn’t my fault her powers and mine had a similar effect? As a Time Guardian, she froze things by stopping time; I froze things without affecting time. I couldn’t even explain how I did it.
I looked away from her and focused on the frozen students. “What if we just humiliate them?”
“By doing what?” Izzy asked in a belligerent tone.
“What did you have in mind?” Remy added in a more calm and reasonable voice.
“Strip them and throw away their clothes?” I suggested.
Everyone laughed, except Izzy.
Remy nodded. “Good idea. Sykes and I will stand guard outside.” They left the room still laughing.
I went to McKenzie and pried the boys’ hands from her arms. Izzy and Kim joined me. Once we freed McKenzie, we carried her to a chair, but since she was stiff, she started sliding off. The others held on to her while I went to work.
A wave of my hand and the clothes ripped off each boy. Jeans, T-shirts, and underwear flew to my feet. Even touching their clothes repulsed me. I wiggled my finger in the air and they formed a bundle. The door opened, and I sent the clothes outside to where Sykes and Remy stood. “Dump them in a trashcan somewhere.”
“I’ll burn them,” Sykes said and guffawed as I closed the door. I turned to Izzy and Kim. “On a count of three, I’ll unfreeze them and McKenzie.”
Kim pulled out her cell phone from a small pouch around her waist. “Let them see how they like being humiliated.”
“One, two, three.” I waved a hand and everything happened at once.
McKenzie’s body jerked. She tried to scramble to her feet and at the same time, opened her mouth to scream. No sound came out. It was either stolen by the scene across from us or our presence and my soothing words. 
“You’re okay, McKenzie. You passed out. Nothing happened. We got here in time.” I stayed by her side.
Across from us, Dark Roots shot to his feet and joined his bewildered friends who were trying to cover their private parts. “What happened? Where are our clothes?”
“Sorry we had to stop your little party, boys,” Izzy mocked them.
“Next time, you’ll think twice before you attempt to rape a girl,” Kim added.
“And your clothes are gone,” Izzy continued. “So either you leave this room buff or wait until the dance’s over and sneak out. Either way, you’re walking home naked.”
Kim lifted her cell phone and pressed a button. “And this should get a million hits by the end of tomorrow. I think the caption should read, ‘Beware Would-be Rapists.’”
For a moment, the boys froze with comical expressions on their faces.
“What? Nothing to say now?” Izzy mocked.
The one who’d lured McKenzie away sneered. “We’ll report you to the police.”
“Oh, I’d love to hear that,” Kim said. “Three girls stripped you naked because you were trying to rape their friend. That’ll go over well with the cops.”
“It will be your words against ours,” Dark Root yelled. “My father is a lawyer.”
“Ooh, scary. Too bad we have other witnesses,” Izzy added.
As if to prove her right, a loud knock came at the door and Sykes asked, “Are you guys done?”
“Almost,” I answered. Kim and Izzy were still having fun.
McKenzie was still staring at the naked jocks with wide eyes. I helped her to her feet. “You okay?”
She nodded, leaned back, and glanced at the other trainees. “How did you guys do this?”
“Long story,” I said, adjusting her top and fluffing her hair.
“I don’t know how to thank you,” she whispered.
“You don’t need to. Girls have to watch out for each other,” Izzy said. She looked at the jocks who were still glaring at us, their hands between their legs. “Goodnight, boys.” She opened the door and stepped out. 
Kim took one last shot of the boys and closed her cell phone. She followed Izzy out, grinning.
McKenzie and I left last. We didn’t close the door, but within seconds, it was slammed shut from the inside. We all laughed.
“Maybe I should enroll at the C12 dojo and learn self-defense,” McKenzie whispered as we joined the others.
Izzy touched her arm. “That’s a nice idea.”
“And if you need pointers, you know where to find us,” Kim added.
McKenzie’s eyes widened. “Thank you, guys.”
Sykes turned to McKenzie and offered her his hand. “How about a dance?”
Her cheeks turned beet red. She shrunk from his hand and shook her head. “I, uh, just want to go home.”
“It’s okay,” I whispered to her. “You can trust Sykes and Remy. They’d never hurt you. They kept watch while we took care of the guys inside.”
McKenzie shook her head, her eyes vulnerable. “I’m sorry. I just want to go home.”
Remy offer McKenzie his hand. “No need to apologize. We’ll drive you home.”
She didn’t Remy’s hand, just crossed her arms and looked at me. “Will you come?”
“Sure. Let me find Amelia and Kylie and tell them we’re leaving. Wait for me outside the school.”
McKenzie nodded and walked toward the foyer with the guys. Shoulders hunched, she hugged her arms as though she was cold. Kim, Izzy, and I followed.
“Poor girl,” I said, focusing on McKenzie. My head hurt and I felt heavy, like I was sleepwalking.
“She’ll be fine. Humans are resilient,” Kim answered as she put away her cell phone.
Izzy grabbed my arm. “I want to introduce you to someone. And for the record,” she continued. “I’m going to let it all out because I hate bottling things up. You’ve some crazy, crazy powers, girl. And I’d be lying if I said it didn’t bother me that they overlap with mine. But,” she shrugged, “I’ll get over it.”
Her honesty touched me. Since I couldn’t tell her, I did the next best thing. I hugged her.
She patted my back and laughed. “Okay. Enough. You’re wrinkling my shirt.”
I laughed, stepped back, and caught a defenseless look in Kim’s blue eyes, but she hid it so fast I might have imagined it. She didn’t speak, just shrugged and disappeared in the restroom. Izzy rolled her eyes and slanted her head toward the dance floor. “There he is.”
The boy she was with earlier detached himself from a group of guys and walked toward us. He slipped his arms around her shoulders. “Done?”
“Yeah.”
“You should have let me watch,” he teased.
“You know the rules, baby. I don’t make them. Rastiel…Lil,” she introduced us.
His black eyes twinkled. “I’ve heard quite a bit about you, Lil.”
Up close, he looked even more handsome, his brown skin smooth and unblemished. “I hope it’s all good.”
“It’s all good. Hey, Sebastian,” he called over his shoulder. A guy with curly brown hair and features so refined he looked like a doll left the same group of guys and joined us. Unlike Rastiel’s casual attire, Sebastian wore tan pants, dressy shoes, and a navy-blue silk shirt. “Meet Lil.”
“Well, it’s nice to finally meet,” Sebastian said in a distinct British accent. “Everybody’s been talking about you, the new trainee with exceptional powers.”
I shrugged. “Hardly. I, uh, got to run. My friend’s waiting outside.”
“We’ll reconnect at the party next week,” Sebastian said.
I nodded. As I turned to leave, Kim walked to his side and slipped her arms around his waist. I waved to the four of them and circled the crowd, staying close to the wall until I reached where I’d left Amelia. She wasn’t there. Times like this, I wished I had a cell phone to text or call them.
I headed toward the front entrance, stepped outside, and saw Remy talking to McKenzie by one of the trees. Sykes grabbed my arm before I could join them. “Let Remy do his big brother thing.”
“What happened?”
“She started to cry when we reached outside. I didn’t know what to do with a hysterical girl, but Remy’s had lots of practice. His four sisters can drive anyone insane, except him.”
I studied Remy as he listened to McKenzie. She was gesturing while he nodded and patted her shoulder. His face was calm and his movements non-threatening.
“Don’t you have any siblings?” I asked Sykes.
He shuddered. “No, thank goodness. My parents have room for just one child…me. And I like it that way.”
“I bet you were a brat.”
“More like a child genius.” He puffed his chest and smirked. “Plus, I’m the first generation Cardinal in my family. Ah, here comes our unsung hero.” Remy joined us, but McKenzie stayed by the tree. “Is she going to be okay now?”
Remy nodded. “We’ll drop her off on our way to Lil’s place.”
“My place? Why are you coming to my place?” I didn’t realize how rude my question was until the guys’ raised their brows. “I mean, it’s late and I have to wake up early tomorrow morning for my session with Mrs. D. Then there’s shopping. I have lots and lots of shopping to do.”
Remy shrugged. “We thought we, and the girls, could just hang out and keep you company until your grandfather comes home.”
Kim and Izzy in my home? “I don’t need watch guards, Remy.”
“Whatever you say. I’ll take McKenzie to the car.” Remy turned and headed back to where McKenzie stood.
Now I felt like a jerk. What should I have said? It wasn’t that I didn’t like these guys. I did. And I was happy they were concerned about me. The problem was our trailer wasn’t big enough for five more people. I just wanted to go home, so I could try to locate Grampa. He would know what to do about Bran. Even my headache and fatigue weren’t as important as finding him.
I glanced at Sykes. He wore a frown on his handsome face. “I hurt his feelings.”
“Remy? Nah. That’s his way of saying you can protest all you want, but we’re coming home with you.”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“No, that’s Remy.” Sykes pushed his hands in the front pockets of his pants and rocked on his heels. “Look. Gavyn was here despite the tightened security and Bran’s missing. Either we inform the Council so they can send sentries to your place, or you get us.”
I threw up my arms. “Sheesh.”
“Get used to it. Security is everything, especially for the Cardinals.”
“That’s not it. I wish we didn’t live in that cramped trailer. If we had a bigger place—”
“But you do,” Sykes interrupted me.
I blinked and shook my head. “What?”
“Your grandfather has a house on Sagebrush Drive. Maybe it’s time you guys moved in.”
A feeling I couldn’t identify wrapped around my chest, making it hard to breathe. “Are you saying we have a house here in the valley?”
“All Guardians do.”
I heard his words, but my mind had slowed down, filtering and absorbing information at a snail’s pace. I’d wanted to live in a house for so long. With our constant moving, I’d assumed it would never happen. “Does it have a yard?”
If Sykes thought my question was weird, he didn’t show it. “A big one. Someone mows it in the summers. The Council employs a housecleaning company to take care of the inside, too.”
I searched his face as though it held all the answers. “What does it look like? Have you been inside? Does it have furniture?”
“Whoa, slow down. I’ve never been inside, but the outside looks like, uh, all the other houses.”
Heart thumping with excitement, I reached a decision. “Can we go there tonight? You know, sneak inside.”
“Sure. Though there’s no need to sneak in. It’s your house.”

***

We found Kylie and confirmed that Cade would drop them home. Then we took off. Izzy and Kim stayed behind with their boyfriends. Remy led the way in his black Camry and had McKenzie beside him. I followed in my truck, while Sykes took the rear in a red and black Mustang. We hit Center Street and headed east, retracing the route Bran and I took when we went to Hsia’s house. When Center Street became Mountain Road, Sykes left the rear and shot past us, engine roaring. He grinned as he passed me.
Show off.
We turned right on Eastridge and stopped for McKenzie to jump out of Remy’s Camry. She and I hugged; words were unnecessary. Then we waited until she was inside her home before continuing on to the T-junction on Gibbon’s Parkway. A short drive south and we reached the gate at Sagebrush Drive.
I studied the hulking mansions under the moonlight. The houses on Sagebrush Drive were separated from the other homes by a low-lying ridge on one side and a rolling hill on the other. The road wound up toward the mountain and ended in a cul de sac. At the top of the hill was the biggest house of all.
Remy pulled into a driveway, and I parked beside his Camry. I didn’t see Sykes’ car. My heart pounded hard with anticipation. The house faced the valley floor, the driveway slanting toward the street. Shrubberies lined the footpath leading to the entrance. I visualized a myriad of colors replacing the green. I didn’t know anything about flowers, but I could learn. I will learn.
I caught a few of Remy’s words as he explained about the houses. “Council bought the land…built the homes…pays for the furniture…house at the top is the HQ…”
I ran my fingers along the exterior wall. Brown concrete block finish. Security lights came on, bathing the wood panel front door—beveled glass on top, sides, and in the center. Visible through the windows were white blinds. I knew no one was home, but I still reached out and pressed the tiny doorbell.
I grinned as the hollow ding-dong echoed inside.
Remy chuckled.
I used telekinesis to unlock the door. Hand shaking, I reached for the brass knob and turned. The hinges didn’t even squeak. I crossed the threshold and flipped on the switch.
My senses soaked in everything—the chandeliers, the sloping ceiling, the egg-white walls, other rooms visible through arched doorways. I inhaled, deep and slow. It smelled of wood and paint, like a new house. Yet a sense of coming home enveloped me like a warm, woolen coat.
“No furniture,” I stated the obvious.
“You’re better off furnishing it yourself. The Council does a crappy job.”
“I’m going to explore.” I took off. From room to room, upstairs, downstairs, I visualized what each could be—my bedroom, Grampa’s, guest rooms, training room. The house had a total of three full bathrooms, four possible bedrooms, lots of cupboards in the kitchen, and a large area in the basement for a family room. Anticipation made me giddy. I had to convince Grampa to move here as soon as possible.
When I came upstairs, Sykes was waiting for me with Remy.
“What do you think?” Sykes asked.
“It’s beautiful.” My gaze lingered on the ceiling and the bare wall, imagining framed photographs.
Remy interrupted my musing. “I just spoke with Izzy and Kim. They’ll stop by your place in an hour. We’ll all stay with you until your grandfather comes home.” His tone left no room for argument. “Let’s leave our cars and hitch a ride with you. We can teleport home later.” Then he left the house without waiting for my response.
Stubborn man. I blew out frustration. Sykes grinned at my reaction. “Don’t worry. You’ll get used to His Royal Highhandedness. I’ve learned to ignore him after six months of rooming with him.”
I locked the door and followed Sykes to our respective rides. Remy’s Camry was already pulling into a driveway two houses down the street. The sound of Sykes’ engine split the air as he took off. I followed and parked outside their house, rolled down my window, and watched him park his mustang in their garage. He parked the way he drove.
Remy scrutinized the rear end of his car then used his sleeve to wipe the area.
“A scratch?” Sykes teased.
“You mess with my paint job, and your mustang is junkyard scraps,” Remy warned him.
“What paint job? Your car is all black, bro. Can you spell bo…ring?”
They elbowed each other as they left the garage. Remy pressed the remote control on his key chain to close the door. “And so you know, I’m sitting by the window,” Sykes said.
“In your dreams,” Remy retorted.
I rolled my eyes. They were so ridiculous, and I was too tired to put up with their senseless bickering. Plus, my head was killing me. I hadn’t had such a terrible headache since my powers first appeared.
I removed the keys from the ignition. “Hey. You drive.” I threw the keys to Remy, who caught them and grinned.
“Why him?” Sykes protested.
“I want to get home in one piece.” I moved to the middle, sharing the passenger seat with Sykes. Remy gunned the engine.
Sykes criticized his driving as soon as we took off. Shaking my head, I turned up the heat, leaned back, and closed my eyes. Tuning out their banter, my mind wandered to my house. My house. I loved the sound of it. If Bran were here, my happiness would be complete. He’d understand how I felt.
I sighed, sadness creeping in to steal my moment. Bran. Where are you? I hope you’re okay, wherever you are. I hope…
We hit Highway 89. Sirens filled the air as two fire engines, an ambulance, several cop cars, and the fire chief’s car came barreling down the street from behind us. Remy pulled over to let them pass.
“I hope no one’s injured,” I murmured. The guys didn’t respond.
Remy pulled back onto the road. In the distance, I could see thick smoke curled up toward the star-speckled sky. My heart dropped, leaving a hollow feeling in my gut. “Oh no,” I whispered.
“What?” Remy asked.
“Go faster,” I yelled.
“What is it?” He stepped on the gas.
“What’s going on?” Sykes added.
I leaned forward and pointed. “Look where the smoke is coming from. It’s on the southeast side of Motel 6, where the RV Park is.”
Police cars blocked the exit into the park, so Remy pulled up into the parking lot of the motel. He and Sykes jumped down, yelled at me to stay put, and raced toward the fire. I tried to follow, but couldn’t move. My legs felt heavy, my body pinned to my seat by fear. Cold air hit the wetness sliding down my face. Through the windshield, I stared with wide eyes at the place where the trailers had once stood. Nothing was left but skeleton frames of RVs, bright orange flames leaping from windows.
Gavyn. How many were hurt tonight because of that bastard? Because of me?
His laugh came from the shifting shadows around my truck. Like a brush of frosty air, the evil sound spread goose bumps over my skin. I stiffened and looked around. Nothing but darkness hugging beams from headlights of passing cars. And the laughter echoed into the night. So insane and haunting.
You can’t be everywhere all the time, Lil.

Chapter 19.  Unexpected Disappearance


“Wake up, Lil.”
Sykes’ voice penetrated the fog of terror engulfing my psyche, and I jerked awake. My gaze darted to the windshield, heart still pounding hard. We were parked outside my trailer, but there was no fire. No police cars. No fire engines. The RVs, silhouetted against the night sky, were intact, the glow of electric lights shining through the windows. Relief coursed through me, slowing down my frantic heartbeat.
“You zonked out then screamed,” Sykes said, his arm tight around me.
My body had curled against his, my hands gripping his shirt. Face burning, I let him go and wiped my palms on my pants. “Sorry, bad dream.”
“Want to talk about it?” Remy asked.
“No. It was nothing.” I looked at my trailer and detected Grampa’s psi. I needed to tell him about Bran. “Let’s go inside.” The trainees looked at each other but made no move to leave the truck. “What?”
“Did your dream have anything to do with your powers?” Remy asked.
“Why do you ask?”
“I had nightmares when my powers started to show,” he said. “Whenever I touched things, they’d take different forms and shapes so fast it scared me. In my dreams, I could turn people into monsters, even my family.”
“And I’d set things on fire, awake or asleep,” Sykes added. “I nearly burned down our house several times.”
Remy lifted his gloved hands. “That’s why we wear these all the time.”
“Even at night,” Sykes added, the streetlights bathing his solemn expression. “It’s been two years, but accidents still happen, which is harder to explain here than back at home in Xenith.”
Remy shot me a sympathetic look. “So if you’re getting nightmares, we want you to know that it comes with the territory.”
I couldn’t believe they shared something so personal with me. It made my confession much easier. “When I saw Gavyn this evening, he told me I can’t be everywhere all the time, can’t keep my friends safe. Just now, I dreamed he torched all the RVs in the park. I keep thinking if I hadn’t befriended Kylie and the others, they wouldn’t be in danger now.”
Sykes squeezed my arm. “You can’t blame yourself. Gavyn’s an unscrupulous fiend who has no business using humans as bargaining chips.”
“Being friends with humans helps us assimilate,” Remy added. “And they help us blend in as we work, so don’t even think of ditching your friends.”
They said what I needed to hear, but their words didn’t erase my fear. “Thanks, guys.”
We got out of the truck and walked to the door.
Grampa was in the middle of the room in his hunting clothes, minus the coat, fiddling with a heavy-duty, elbow-length leather glove. He looked up, nodded at the trainees, and then locked his gaze on me. “What’s wrong?”
At the familiar sound of his gruff voice, tears rushed to my eyes. “Bran…”
Grampa was beside me before I could utter another word. “What happened?”
I opened my mouth to speak, but the tears made that impossible.
“Bran’s in trouble, sir,” Remy jumped in.
Grampa waved the trainees to a sofa, led me to the opposite one, and sat on the armchair. “What kind of trouble?”
His expression calmed me down, and the waterworks subsided. I started to talk. As soon as I finished explaining what happened at the dance, he patted my knee and got up as he telepathed Moira.
The energy Guardian appeared beside us. Like before, she was dressed in black leather pants and a matching short-sleeved blouse under her duster. The lights bounced off the white strip of hair on her mane, reminding me of Bran’s wings. Her dark red lips made her face look even paler.
Sykes and Remy jumped to their feet, and she flashed them a feral smile, which turned into a frown when her gaze shifted to Grampa. “What’s going on, Ares?”
“We have a change of plans. We’re heading to L.A. to find Bran and bring him back to the valley before we head out to the meeting. Someone used his brother as bait to lure him away from here.” Grampa flexed his wrist, and a pair of blades jutted from the glove with a swish, right above his knuckles. He pressed something in his palm and the blades drew back. He tested his other glove and achieved the same results.
“I’ll let the others know, then rendezvous with you in L.A.” Moira turned her attention to me and ran her finger down my cheek. “We’ll find Bran for you, munchkin.” Then she disappeared, leaving behind a burning trail on my skin.
Why was her temperature always way above normal? Sykes was an energy Guardian, but he didn’t emit heat like she did.
Grampa picked up daggers from the side table and slid them inside his boots. He lifted his coat from the hook by his door and retrieved a belt with throwing knives and shurikens from under it. He wrapped them around his waist, his movements smooth and swift. Knowing he was going to find Bran was a big relief.
He glanced at me and smiled, but his eyes remained serious. Shrugging on his coat, he turned to Remy. “Tell the psi team to locate Bran’s energy and send me the information.”
“What about Gavyn, sir?” Sykes asked.
“He’s still mimicking Bran’s teleporting energy to camouflage his. If he comes back again, trap him here by any means necessary. He’s becoming a nuisance. He and I need to talk.” He walked to me and dropped a kiss on my forehead. “Go to bed. I should be back in an hour or so.” With a flash of light, he was gone.
Remy and Sykes didn’t stay long after that. After they left, I took a quick shower and slipped under the blanket. Sleep eluded me. I thought every sound I heard was Grampa. I tried to locate Bran but my powers were too weak, and my headache got worse. Tired of checking my watch every few minutes, I grabbed a novel off my desk and started to read.

***

I must have fallen asleep because when I woke up, it was nine in the morning. My headache wasn’t completely gone and lack of sleep made my eyelids heavy. Then I remembered last night, jumped up, and hurried to Grampa’s room. His bed had not been slept in. Trying not to panic, I did a quick psi scan. He wasn’t in the valley and neither were Bran, Moira, and the other Cardinals. 
I contacted Remy. Grampa didn’t come home last night.
We’ll be there in a few.
No, you don’t have to come. I have to leave for the dojo.
He didn’t respond. I shrugged and hurried to my bedroom to change. I was pacing up and down the trailer when Sykes and Remy appeared. Dressed for the day in tan pants, burgundy shirt, and loafers, Remy looked like he’d been awake for hours. On the other hand, Sykes must have just rolled out of bed. His hair was a mess, his T-shirt wrinkled, and his flip-flops mismatched. But they both wore worried expressions.
“We stopped by the HQ. The security team confirmed that Moira and your grandfather didn’t return during the night,” Remy said. “But that doesn’t mean that something is wrong.”
I wrapped my arms around me and rocked, my worries increasing. “I don’t know. I have a bad feeling about this.”
Sykes gripped my shoulders and guided me to a couch. “Sit. Nothing’s happened to them. We’re talking about your grandfather here, okay? The man is a legend. And Moira…Moira is the most ferocious of all the Cardinals. Together, they’re unbeatable. There’s a perfectly good explanation as to why they’re not back.”
“Have you eaten breakfast?” Remy asked.
I shook my head. “I’m not hungry.”
“You will be. Do you mind if I make something here?”
I shrugged. “Go ahead.” As he took inventory of the food in our fridge, I stared into space and imagined the worst. Grampa had better be okay. If something were to happen to him, I wouldn’t know what to do.
“Hey…hey, no tears,” Sykes said and came to sit beside me. He gripped my shoulder and looked into my eyes. “They’re okay, so stop this.”
I hadn’t realized I was crying until he mentioned it. Annoyed with myself, I swiped at my cheeks and jumped to my feet. “Excuse me.”
Before either of them could protest, I disappeared into my bedroom, closed the door, and plopped on top of my bed. The tears kept flowing. After a while, sounds filtered through my door and penetrated my psyche—Sykes and Remy’s voices and a spoon scraping the bottom of a pan. The scents of eggs and bacon hung in the air. I looked at my watch and sighed. I had fifteen minutes to make it to the dojo. I needed to stop feeling sorry for myself and be strong. Grampa would expect it.
I sat up, took one look at my reflection in the closet mirror, and grimaced. My eyes were red and my hair was a mess. I left my bedroom and headed straight to the bathroom to fix myself up. When I rejoined the guys, my eyes widened at the three plates heaped with scrambled eggs, crisp bacon, and golden-brown toast. Sliced bananas and pears were on a plate in the middle of the table along with three sets of utensils and folded paper towel. Salt, pepper, and strawberry jelly were to the side.
“Wow, Remy. This is amazing. You can cook.”
He grinned and gave a bow. “I try.”
Sykes chuckled. “Try? Please. You should come to our place for dinner sometime.” He picked up a plate and a fork then went back to the couch. “If he weren’t so good at manipulating solids, he’d be a chef.”
“I am a chef, bro.” He pointed at the seat of the kitchenette table and sat across from me. “Dig in.”
The eggs were fluffy and the bacon cooked to perfection. I scooped a blob of jelly and spread it on my toast. No one spoke until we were done eating. “That was good. Do you cook a lot?”
“Yeah. I like to try new recipes.”
“And what does he do?” I slanted my head toward Sykes, who was sprawled on the couch with his empty plate on his chest.
“I clean, which is not fun. He uses way too many pots and pans.” Sykes checked at his watch and added, “Are you still planning on going to the dojo at ten?”
My eyes widened at the time, and I jumped up. Within seconds, I was armed with my truck key and bag. “Thanks. I’d still be freaking out if it weren’t for you guys.”
Sykes faked a sniffle. “She’s going to make me cry.”
I rolled my eyes at his goofy act. “Shut up. I’ve got to run. Feel free to hang out here if you want. I’ll see you later.”
I ran out the door to the truck and drove like a maniac. Mrs. Deveraux was already waiting when I arrived at the dojo. She’d pushed the foam blocks along the walls and placed two lawn chairs on opposite sides of the room.
“Sit.” She patted the gym mat.
As usual, we started with the breathing exercise. She stopped twice to ask me what was wrong. I just shook my head.
“To teleport anywhere, you need a mental image of where you’re going to land. It can be a picture or a memory of a place you’ve been before. If you don’t do that, you end up hitting things or people. I want you to sit on that.” She pointed at the chair to our left. “Focus on the other one and will yourself there.”
I banged my forehead against the opposite wall, landed on the arm of the other chair, and lost my balance. The second time, same thing happened. After the third time, I started to get pissed. I missed the chair and landed on the mat.
“Argh! I don’t get it. How can I stop omnis yet I can’t master this?”
Mrs. D sighed. “You might want to try it with your eyes open, dear. And you are too tense. Relax. Let the need fill you.” I tried again and again, Mrs. D’s soothing voice in the background urging me to relax. Getting frustrated, I gave it one last attempt.
I almost got it. Teleporting was the weirdest experience ever. The door, tables, and the area by the door dissolved away. An instant later I was by the bare wall at the back of the room. After many attempts I needed to take my pitiful performance elsewhere.
“Can I teleport to another room?” I asked her.
“I don’t know if you’re ready.”
She and I were the only ones in the dojo, and the front entrance was locked. Chances of me bumping into anyone and humiliating myself were small. “I want to try it anyway.”
“Okay. Go ahead.”
I let the image of the foyer fill my psyche then willed myself there. Sure enough, the blue gym mat, walls, and foam blocks melted away only to be replaced by the front desk and the walls with martial arts figures wielding all sorts of weapons. I stumbled and banged my side on the front desk. It was going to be a long time before I mastered this power. Humbling couldn’t begin to describe how it felt. “Can I teleport home?”
Mrs. D laughed. “I love your enthusiasm, but not today. You need to practice a little longer. That’s enough for today.”
I sighed with relief.

***

Sykes and Remy were playing cards at my place when I returned, though Sykes must have gone home to shower and change. His hair was wet and he’d replaced his wrinkled T-shirt with a clean one. Instead of flip-flops, he now wore canvas shoes. The guys kept my mind off Grampa and Bran for a while.
Later, when Izzy and Kim joined us, I didn’t mind. They brought pizza for lunch, indicating they must have talked to the guys. Izzy gave me a hug, and Kim sounded genuine when she said, “Hang in there.”
Since we didn’t have electronics, someone suggested we go to Sykes and Remy’s place, which turned out to be the place where the four spent most of their weekends and evenings. I gave a ride to the guys while Izzy and Kim followed in a red Jeep.
The exterior brick and mortar didn’t prepare me for the inside. Entering the house behind Sykes, I blinked at the black and ivory décor. Ceramic tiles with black borders on the entryway were in sync with the ivory walls and carpet, and the black leather chairs. Throw in ebony tables and lampshades, and the effect was stunning and dramatic.
Sykes grinned at my expression. “The previous owners are guilty of this, not us.”
“We spend most of our time downstairs,” Remy added.
And I could see why. Warmth enveloped me as soon as I reached the basement with its thick moss-green carpet and burnt-yellow walls. An L-shaped upholstery sectional couch took up half of the room. Six rocker gaming chairs sat between the couch and a big screen television. Under it were Wii and Xbox consoles, and boxes of games. At the other end of the room was a pool table.
Since I didn’t know how to play video games and lacked the interest to learn, I curled my legs on the couch and watched them duke it out on the screen. They played rough, elbowing each other as their avatars annihilated enemy troops on some alien planet. It was amazing how different they all were away from school and the dojo.
Either the fatigue from lack of sleep or the relentless burst of computer-generated laser blasts lulled me to sleep because when I woke up, the afternoon had rolled into evening. The gaming madness had ceased, too. Kim sat at the end of the couch, her fingers racing across the keyboard of a pink laptop. I sat up. Izzy and Sykes were playing pool behind me.
“How are you feeling?” Kim asked. There was genuine concern in her voice.
“I don’t know. Any word yet?”
“No. Listen, we have a spare bedroom at my place. Why don’t you spend the night with us instead of going back to the trailer?”
“Wonderful idea,” Izzy chipped in.
I appreciated their offer, but I just couldn’t accept it. “I want to be home when Grampa comes back.”
“I think you should listen to the girls, Red,” Sykes said. “At least here, you’ll be among your people. You’re too isolated down there.”
I knew they meant well, but they didn’t understand. The trailer was home, and I needed to be surrounded by everything familiar. “Is Remy upstairs?”
“In the kitchen,” Sykes said.
“I’ll let him know I’m leaving.” I could feel their eyes on me as I headed upstairs. I followed my nose to the kitchen, where Remy, wearing a black apron with the Guardian symbol for earth, stood in front of a stainless steel range. Four pots simmered on top of the stove, filling the air with tangy aromas. There were piles of dirty cooking gadgets on the black granite counter.
He looked up. “Ah, you’re awake.”
“Just wanted to tell you that I’m going home.”
Teleporting light flashed behind me and I whipped around, expecting to see Grampa. It was Aunt Janelle. Disappointment washed over me.
She came to stand before me, her brow furrowed. “How are you holding up, Luminitsa?”
I fought tears. I hadn’t seen her since my first swordfight with Kim. “Okay, I guess. Where are they, Aunt Janelle? Why aren’t they back? Are you looking for them?”
She cupped my face and sighed. “I don’t know what’s going on, sweetheart. We’ve scoured L.A., but so far found nothing.”
Not what I wanted to hear. “Have you checked the contacts Bran left with Hsia?”
She nodded. “We did. They’ve disappeared. We’ve talked to his other friends and gone to places he used to hang out.” I closed my eyes, despair eating my insides. “Don’t act like it’s over. We haven’t covered everywhere. Seth and Hsia are tracking down Gavyn right now, and I plan to join them as soon as possible.” Aunt Janelle gripped my arms and peered into my eyes. “I want you to stay here until your grandfather comes home.”
I shook my head. “No. He’ll worry if he comes home and I’m not there.”
“And so he should, but I don’t mean that you leave the trailer behind. We’ll unhitch it and park it by your house.”
I hesitated.
“Or we can stay at her place if she doesn’t want to move,” Remy offered.
Aunt Janelle smiled at him. “Bless you, sweetheart. I think that’s an even better idea.” She patted my shoulder. “It’s settled then.”
“No, it’s not. Let’s get the trailer.” The way Aunt Janelle grinned and nodded at Remy, they got what they wanted, and I was too stressed out to argue with them. I caught her arm before she could teleport. “Find them, Aunt Janelle. Grampa, Bran, Moira…find them and bring them home.”
“I promise.”

Chapter 20.  Prisoners


Aunt Janelle didn’t keep her promise. Sunday came and went with no word from the Cardinals. I knew they were working hard, not coming home until after midnight. I used my schoolwork to cover my pain and worry, finished both pre-calc and chemistry assignments I’d gotten from my teachers. On Monday, I forced myself to dress up and drive to school.
Kylie was waiting for me outside my math class. “What happened? Sykes and Remy unhitched your trailer and couldn’t explain to me what’s going on. How come you didn’t tell me you’d be moving?”
I sighed, hating to lie to her. “My grandfather bought a house on the eastern bench. I didn’t even know about it until Friday.”
She made a face. “First you joined their dojo; now you live near them. Are we still going to hang out?”
“Of course.” From what the trainees told me, their human friends visited them all the time.
Kylie’s face lit up. “Good. See you at lunch.”
Misery shadowed me in every class. I aced the quiz Johnson gave us last week, but he might as well have given me an F. In between classes, I tried to locate Bran and Grampa’s psi energies until my head hurt. I couldn’t wait for school to be over.
The atmosphere at the dojo that evening was gloomy and depressing, but I pushed myself hard. A few times, Kenta told me to go sit in the weapon room. Mrs. D. wanted to know why I hadn’t said anything on Saturday. I couldn’t explain to her, so I just shrugged. That night, I cried myself to sleep. The next night was no different.
By Wednesday, I knew I couldn’t take it anymore. As I walked toward the cafeteria, students passed me yapping about their weekend plans and the possibility of Beaver Mountain Ski Resort opening for slope junkies. The chill had settled in the valley, and the meteorologists were predicting early snow. I hugged myself, the thought of cold temperatures making me even more miserable.
“Lil!”
I turned. McKenzie hurried toward me, arms crossed and shoulders hunched. She wore a bulky sweatshirt that swallowed her petite frame. It was the second time I’d seen her in an oversized top that stretched down to her thighs. It was as though she wanted to hide her body.
“Can we talk?” She nodded at the bathroom door.
I followed her inside. There were students fluffing their hair in front of the long mirrors and checking their makeup. We staked a corner. “Are you okay?” I asked her.
She didn’t speak, but fat teardrops ran down her cheeks. Soon she was sobbing, her body shaking. I hugged her, warm tears soaking the sleeve of my shirt. I wanted to cry, too, even though I didn’t know what was making her so miserable. But I hated to cry in front of people so I fought it.
A few students stopped preening before the mirror and gawked at us. “Get out,” I snapped.
They looked at me like I’d lost my mind. In the mood I was in, I could create a mini electrical storm and fry them. I closed my eyes and took deep, calming breaths. Everyone out…go…leave…don’t come back.
The bathroom emptied fast, and I locked the door. McKenzie calmed down, washed her face, then yanked a wad of paper towels to pat her face and blow her nose. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“For being there for me, and for not telling Kylie and the others about what happened,” she whispered.
“It’s none of their business.”
“I was so scared you’d tell.” She glanced around and lowered her voice further even though we were alone. “And I’ve been dreading running into them…you know, the guys. I just did.” Her chin trembled. “I thought I’d faint or throw up. I was shaking so hard. You won’t believe what happened.”
“What?”
“They saw me coming and did a U-turn. I couldn’t believe it.” She laughed, her eyes tearing again. “I…I felt so powerful. I realized then that I had nothing to fear. They do. They’re the guilty ones.”
“That’s great, McKenzie.”
“Yes, it is.” She pulled out more tissue, blew her nose, and threw the crunched up mass in the garbage. “I signed up for self-defense at the C12 dojo. I’ll start next week.”
I was happy for her. If only my problems could be solved that fast, too. I missed my grandfather and Bran, and I had this achy feeling in my stomach that I’d never see them again. Doing nothing about their disappearance just didn’t seem right. And although my fellow trainees had been very supportive and we’d grown closer, our hands were tied. Every day we waited for news from the three remaining Cardinals, and every evening they came back with nothing. No news was supposed to be good, yet the knot in my stomach kept getting tighter. Everyone was in the dumps. Bran was supposed to guide the Cardinals to Coronis Isle, but with him gone, that plan was put on hold.
That evening, I sat on my bed with Brontë’s Wuthering Heights opened face down on my lap. I was reading it for, like, the tenth time, but this time, the plot held zero interest to me. Too bad I had to do a report on it for English literature.
Bran. I sighed, lay back on my bed, and closed my eyes. His image beamed into my consciousness. Where are you? Are you okay?
I released a shaky breath and tried to hold back the tears sneaking past my eyelids. I was so tired of waiting and crying every night. Even if he wasn’t coming back, I wanted to know he was safe. Was that too much to ask? And Grampa. I couldn’t imagine a life without him.
I turned and buried my face in the pillow. Sobs shook my body. How long I cried, I couldn’t tell, and the relief was only temporary. I got up, washed my face, and went to the kitchen to find something to eat for dinner.
I retrieved a box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch, poured some in a bowl, and added milk. I needed to go grocery shopping, something Grampa often did. The last four nights, I’d eaten dinner at Sykes and Remy’s. It was either that or having them eat at my place. I learned not to argue with them, but having them around had made these past few days bearable. I scooped some cereal into my mouth and chewed without tasting it.
Hey, Sunshine.
Bran’s voice drifted through my mind like a soft breeze. I sighed, kept chewing, and swallowed. I’d heard him call to me in the past few days. The first time it happened, I searched for his psi. The disappointment when I couldn’t locate him had felt like physical pain. Since then, I stopped bothering. It was all in my head.
Turn around.
My hand froze in mid-air. A tingly sensation rushed over me as though someone turned on a switch to activate every cell in my body.
“Lil.”
I whirled around, and there he was. Framed in the doorway of my bedroom, sporting that dimpled smile that made me tongue-tied and light-headed. Convinced he’d disappear if I blinked, I got up on shaky legs and searched his face. I heard a thud and a splash of wetness on my legs as my bowl of cereal landed on the floor. I wanted to touch him and prove to myself he was real and not a figment of my imagination, but I couldn’t move.
He reached out to me—his energy touching mine and lingering. The gentle caress brought tears to my eyes. He was real. He was here.
Then he opened his arms.
One second I was by my bed, the next my arms were around him. He lowered his head and our lips met. I opened my mouth and let him in. His tongue slid against mine and fireworks shot from my mouth, spiraling through every cell in my body. I felt hot and cold at the same time, and my stomach clenched with a feeling I didn’t understand. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him back, copying his movements.
He tried to slow down, break the kiss. My arms tightened. I wanted more. He was here with me and Grampa was…not.
I leaned back. We were both breathing hard. For a moment we stared at each other. I tried to talk, but couldn’t. Bran’s lips curved into a beautiful smile as he stroked my cheek and my brows. His touch was gentle. I fought the urge to close my eyes and savor the blazing sensations racing under my skin. Instead, I took a deep breath and tried to calm down.
“I thought I’d never see you again,” I whispered.
His dimples flashed, again. “I promised you would.”
“What happened? Where have you been? Gavyn was here with the Goetz brothers, so I knew someone lured you away from the valley. Then Grampa and Moira went looking for you and—”
A surge of psi energy pulsed through the room. Ah, the others were here. Before I could turn and yell out the good news, a blast of streaming air snatched Bran away from my arms and sent him flying across the trailer. Six blurry metallic objects hurtled after him.
“It’s Bran, not Gavyn!” I yelled and locked on the weapons. They stopped in mid-air. Bran slammed against Grampa’s bedroom door and collapsed on the floor. I ran to his side and turned to glare at the others. “Why can’t you guys look before you react?”
“The psi team detected his energy and alerted us,” Remy explained, his voice apologetic. “We just assumed it was Gavyn.”
“You could have hurt him.”
“Actually, we couldn’t. My wind blast was meant to separate him from you, not send him to Tartarus,” Kim said.
Izzy plucked the ninja stars from the air. “And these babies release beams that trap a demon, not kill him.”
Bran got to his feet. He rubbed the back of his head with one hand and slipped the other in mine. “Trap a demon?”
“Lil’s grandfather’s left orders to catch your brother next time he showed up,” Remy explained.
The pressure in my psyche increased as I picked up other psi energies. A glance out the windows confirmed we weren’t alone. Kenta, three men, and two women stood outside, their eyes locked on the trailer. I opened the window and yelled, “False alarm. It’s Bran.”
“Where is he?” Kenta asked.
Bran appeared beside me.
“The Cardinals are on their way. Rendezvous at the HQ meeting room,” Kenta said in a curt tone. He dematerialized, and the others followed.
Inside the trailer, Remy said, “We need to know what’s going on, too. Let’s go, guys.” One by one, they left.
“I haven’t been to the headquarters, so I can’t teleport there,” I said.
Bran’s eyebrow lifted. “You’ve mastered teleporting?”
“Uh, ‘mastered it’ aren’t the words I’d use.”
He smiled and reached for my hand. “Then I’ll go with you.”
One second we were in the trailer, the next in front of a steel door. I gave the area a sweeping glance. A charcoal-gray hallway wide enough for four people to walk side-by-side extended to my right and left. Panels of fluorescent lights ran along the steel ceiling and on inserts on the floor, providing sufficient illumination. Pressure in my psyche increased, again. This time, the presence tugging on it was stronger and insistent. And a gentle hum seemed to emanate from our left, away from the closed glass doors near us.
“What’s that sound?” I whispered.
“The psi radar, or as the Cardinals call it, the Psi-dar.”
“What?”
“It’s an energy source the psi team uses to track demonic activity in our sector. It’s located deep inside the mountain range behind the HQ. We’d better go in.”
The door opened with a gentle whoosh to reveal a room with a round onyx table and numerous chairs around it presently occupied by the three Cardinals, a bunch of people I didn’t recognize but I assumed were members of the High Council, and of course, the trainees. The fluorescent lights in the ceiling illuminated their tense faces.
Aunt Janelle waved us over to two chairs by her side. We hurried over and sat.
“Did you see Ares and Moira, Bran?” Seth asked without delay.
“No, sir. Gavyn and I were being interrogated elsewhere.” Bran reached for my hand under the table and held it tight. “But I know the Cardinals are Valafar’s prisoners.”
My heart stopped. Silence, heavy and oppressive, hung in the air. Then everyone started talking at once.
“He plans to take them to Coronis Isle tonight,” Bran cut in, speaking louder to be heard.
“Where’s he keeping them?” Aunt Janelle asked.
“The Underground, a sub-ground facility at Bunker Hill in downtown L.A. It is owned by a dark lord,” Bran explained.
“We have to rescue them now,” I said.
“Lil,” he warned.
I shook my head. “We must.”
“Of course,” Seth snapped. “We now have Bran to take us to Coronis Isle, but it’s better to act now than later when they’re Coronis’ prisoners. Bran, start from the beginning, from when you left here. We want to know what happened, and don’t leave anything out.”
Bran frowned. “Sir, I don’t think we have time—”
“Then start talking. If we are to mount a successful operation, we must know everything.”
Bran nodded. “You all know Coronis practices selective breeding to produce more powerful demons. In recent years, her breeding program has gotten out of control and Hermonites are leaving her to join other lords. She’s increased the security around her island and put her people in the human world under surveillance. When Gavyn came here to find me with the Goetz brothers, his absence didn’t go unnoticed. Coronis’ security team approached the Goetz brothers to find out what was going on. The team is led by Valafar. As soon as they learned about my plans to leave the island for good, they came up with the fake story about Gavyn killing the Goetz brothers, and lured me to L.A. But when I was brought before Valafar, he was only interested in one thing.” Bran hesitated and glanced at me.
“What?” Seth snapped.
“He wanted to know about Lil, the girl who froze the omnis.”
I gulped.
“I lied and told him I didn’t know anything about her, that we’d just met, but he kept pushing for answers. He wanted to know about her powers, her age, her parents. I claimed ignorance, or tried to, but he has ways of getting information. Painful ways.” He glanced at me when my hand tightened around his. “I’m sorry I betrayed you.”
I shook my head. “You had no choice. But why is he interested in me?”
“You stopped the omnis,” Aunt Janelle answered. “It’s never been done before. Bet it gave him some sleepless nights.”
“What about the Cardinals? How did you come to know about them?” Seth asked.
“I had no idea they came looking for me until a few minutes ago. Valafar just released us—Gavyn and me. We went to Gavyn’s and learned from his employees that Valafar had captured two Cardinals. Gavyn went to the Underground to confirm it.”
A man cleared his throat. Even seated, he appeared tall and had a full head of wavy brown hair and steel gray eyes. “Your brother is your source? After sneaking into our valley and attacking one of our own, twice, are we to believe anything he says?”
Bran stiffened.
Seth nodded. “The chairman is right. Your brother hasn’t done anything to earn our trust. How do we know he’s telling the truth?”
Getting annoyed, I decided to take a stance. “How can you doubt what Bran’s saying? He hasn’t given you any reason to mistrust him. We should be arming ourselves—”
“Lil, stop,” Bran begged.
“No. You brought us news of Grampa and Moira, and all they’re doing is wasting time arguing instead of leaving to rescue them.”
“Young lady,” the chairman said in a condescending tone. “We know how you feel—”
“No, sir, you don’t. This Council failed my mother and grandmother ten years ago. You will not fail my grandfather. I won’t let you. So you better listen to Bran and do as he says or I will hold all of you accountable for whatever happens to my grandfather.”
A heavy silence followed my speech. I didn’t care that I was rude and that my voice shook. They had it coming and needed to know where I stood. I believed in Bran. I looked at him and nodded. “Go on.”
For a moment he didn’t speak, his emerald eyes shining with an emotion I couldn’t define. “Cardinal Falcon gave Gavyn a message.” His gaze left mine and swept the faces around the room. “He said you mustn’t try to rescue them. Instead, you should contact the other Guardians and head to Coronis Isle. Destroying Coronis must come first.”
Silence filled the air, shock on everyone’s face. Then murmurs followed as everyone started telepathing. Nausea rose up in my stomach at his words. Something wasn’t right. Grampa would never suggest this, not without a reason. I pulled my hand from Bran’s, crossed my arms, and pressed hard against my mid-section. Something was very wrong.
“Did he give a reason?” Seth asked.
Bran nodded. “He said he and Cardinal Moira will find a way. Also, Lil must be protected. She must be moved to the house up here, pulled out of school, and put under surveillance twenty-four-seven until she completes her training or until he returns.”
Once again, telepathic communication followed. I tried to keep up with different discussions taking place, with little results. I couldn’t tell who was suggesting what.
Seth cleared his throat and the room went silent. “Then it’s decided. We follow Ares’ orders and prepare for battle.”
What? I met the Cardinals’ sober expressions, which caused me to swallow the lump in my throat. “And risk hurting Grampa? Valafar is taking them to the island tonight.”
“Your grandfather gave a direct order, Lil,” Aunt Janelle said in a stern tone she’d never used with me before. “He knows what he’s doing.”
“And whether he’s here or not, he’s still the leader of the Cardinals,” the chairman added.
“He’s a prisoner,” I cried. “What’s wrong with you people? You can’t listen to anything he says. You should be thinking about storming that dungeon and getting him and Moira out of there, not following his orders.” I turned to the trainees. They stared at me with worried expressions, but no one objected. “Don’t tell me you guys also think we should act like nothing’s changed. No, let me rephrase that. You should act like nothing’s changed while I’m a prisoner in a strange house.” My voice rose higher with each word, panic spiraling out of control inside of me.
Bran grabbed my hand and tried to calm me down by using his psi energy. It didn’t work. When no one spoke, tears sprung into my eyes.
Aunt Janelle reached for my hand. “I’m sorry, Luminitsa. It’s for your own good.”
I moved my hand away from hers. “No, it’s not. We have to rescue him,” I whispered through the lump in my throat. The thought of losing him sent bile up my throat. I slapped a hand over my mouth and teleported to the trailer. I just made it to the toilet bowl. For once I got the teleportation thing right.
I felt a presence behind me, and then someone held my hair away from my face as I emptied the contents of my stomach. I shook with fear and anger. Everyone I had ever loved left me, taken by the same demon.
Why? Tears escaped my eyelids and slid down my face.
I heard murmurs, recognized Kim’s voice and Izzy’s perfume. Someone pushed a wad of tissue in my hand. “How are you feeling?” Izzy whispered.
“Pissed,” I snarled, wiping my eyes and mouth.
“Good,” she said. “We are, too.”
I blinked at them.
They nodded. “The old geezers out there can’t do this,” Izzy said.
“We won’t let them,” Kim added. “Between now and first period tomorrow, the six of us will have kicked some demon butts, rescued your grandfather and Moira, and teleported home like the badass heroes that we are.”
“Six?” I asked.
“Bran has to lead us. How else will we know where to go, when to hit them while they’re vulnerable?”
Tears crested my eyes, again. Had I thought these girls were arrogant? I did, and they were. But the last few days showed me they were much more. I plopped on the bathroom floor, more tears flowing down my face.
“Hey. We said we were on your side,” Kim protested.
“I know. I’m happy to have you guys as my friends.”
They pulled me up and wrapped their arms around me in a group hug. I only cried harder. They didn’t let go until I calmed down.
Kim was the first to step back. “Come on. Let’s join the others. We have some planning to do.”

Chapter 21.  The Rescue Plan


“No. Out of the question. Didn’t you listen to what I said at that meeting?” Bran glared at Kim and Izzy then turned his attention to me. We all sat on the L-shaped sectional couch in Remy and Sykes’ basement. Bran stayed standing. “I can’t agree to such a crazy plan,” he added.
“I don’t consider rescuing my grandfather crazy.”
“There’s a reason why he said no one should try. It’s dangerous.”
“So? You braved being vanquished when you came to this valley to seek help from the Cardinals. Why is what we’re planning any different?”
He glowered at me.
He’s all I’ve got, Bran.
His emerald eyes flashed. You have me, too.
Then help us. Together, we stand a fighting chance.
I can’t put you in harm’s way. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if you got hurt.
And how do you expect me to feel if anything happens to Grampa?
Kim snapped her fingers in front of my eyes. “Enough of that! You can’t have a private conversation when this concerns all of us.”
I frowned at her. “Bran’s being difficult.”
Kim dismissed my words with a brief wave. “We can see that, but he’s not going to change our minds. We’re doing this with or without him.”
“No, you’re not,” he snapped.
Kim cocked her head. “And who’s going to stop us?”
“Me,” he said. “You want to risk your necks, go ahead. Lil stays here.”
His attitude was pissing me off. “I don’t recall appointing you my knight or guardian.”
His eyes flashed. “Tough. You got me.”
The grip on my emotions loosened. “Valafar has already taken two people I loved, Bran. I can’t let him take another. I won’t.” My voice shook as I finished.
Silence followed.
Bran scrubbed his face and muttered, “Please don’t cry.”
“I’m not crying. I’m pissed. And if you don’t want to help us, we’ll find a way without you.” I looked over at Remy and Sykes. “Let’s do it.”
Remy nodded. “A demon club on Bunker Hill shouldn’t be hard to find. And since there’re tunnels underneath it, it shouldn’t take us long to locate the Underground.”
I ignored Bran’s glowering and focused on Remy. “Do we leave now?”
He looked at his watch. “First, let’s suit up, then stop by the HQ and pick up hunting supplies. We’ll go for smaller, concealable weapons.”
I didn’t understand. “Why HQ? Why not use the weapons from the dojo?”
“The ones at the dojo are for practice. The real arsenal, the ones the Cardinals use, is in a room at the headquarters. The trick is to get in and out unnoticed,” Remy explained.
“Okay. I’ll help,” Bran cut in. He still sounded pissed.
I knew he’d come around. “What should we do first?”
All eyes turned to Bran. “The entrance to the Underground is located under a nightclub—an exclusive, demons-only nightclub.” He searched everyone’s face. “Gavyn runs it and is the only one who can get us inside. The place is huge and complex, but with his help, we should be able get to where they’re keeping the Cardinals.”
“Man, I hope he comes through on this,” Sykes said.
I waited to see Bran’s reaction. His voice was calm when he spoke. “He will. Remy, I like your idea of concealable weapons. Put them in a duffel bag. I’ll find a way to get them inside. The dance floor is on the first floor of the building, but Gavyn’s office is a floor above it. As soon as we get inside, you guys mingle, maybe grab drinks—”
“No time for drinks,” Remy jumped in, sounding tense.
Bran sighed. “Listen, man. I know you’re the leader of this team, but tonight you must defer to me. At least until we’re done with Gavyn.”
Remy hesitated. “Fine.”
“Good. When we get there, you guys hang for, say, ten minutes then head up the right stairway to the balcony. There’s a black door at the corner of the balcony. It’s kind of hard to see because it blends in with the décor and has no knob. Use your powers to open it, Remy. I’ll be waiting on the other side.”
A tense silence followed as reality of what we were planning began to sink in.
“We’ll also need to blend in at the club,” Bran continued. “That means clubbing outfits. And lose the Guardian amulets and bracelets. They’ll glow and give us away.”
My concerns increased as I listened to him. With no jadeite to protect us, we were going to enter that club vulnerable. What if we got ambushed? What if someone got hurt? Could I live with myself for pushing this rescue mission?
Izzy jumped up. “Then we need to get busy. Come on, Lil. Let’s see what you got.”
I frowned. “What do you mean ‘what I got’?”
“We’re going to a club, little sister. I want to see what you have in your closet.”
“I can dress myself, thank you very much.”
“Sure you can.” She grabbed my hand and teleported me to my bedroom. She went straight to my closet and started rummaging through my clothes, clicking her tongue and making a mess in the process. What did she expect to find?
“No, these won’t do,” she said.
I winced. She was turning my neat closet into a junkyard. “I have nice jeans and—”
She laughed. And not in a nice way.
“Skirts?” I asked.
“Sweetie, I love how you blend your threads for school. It’s very you and unique. But we’re going clubbing, not to a Flamenco festival. I guess we’ll have to raid my closet.”
Before I could protest, she grabbed my arm and we appeared in her bedroom. It was my first time there, but I was left with an impression of warmth. The room was done in palettes of brown, gold, and jungle green. Her bed had a sheer golden canopy over it.
“We’re not even the same size,” I grumbled.
“Oh yes, we are. You’re just taller; that’s all. Ah, here it is. I haven’t even worn it.” She lifted a turquoise, off-shoulder, cowl neck sweater dress with three-quarter sleeves. “Try it on. What size shoes do you wear?”
“Nine and a half. Why?”
“I’ll be back.”
While she disappeared somewhere, I removed my workout sweats and tried on the dress. It reached around my knees. I’d never worn something so short.
“Don’t do that,” Izzy warned when she reappeared and found me tugging the hem down. In her hands were a pair of black tights and a black trench coat, which she threw on her bed, and calf-length black boots. The heels were a few inches long, totally impractical. I’ve never worn heels and will probably fall flat on my face. She studied me and nodded. “The dress is a perfect fit. Put on the tights and the boots. I’ll send Kim to do your makeup.” She disappeared again before I could protest.
All this to go to some demon club? I griped as I pulled on the tights and boots. Whose were they anyway? I glanced in the mirror and smiled. Not bad. I undid my single braid and finger combed my curly mane. It fell in waves to my upper back and over my shoulders.
A flash of light and Kim appeared. My eyes widened at her scandalous gold and black mini skirt and top. On her feet were over-the-knee, high-heeled boots. And her cleavage…wow, I didn’t realize just how well-developed she was. Beside her, my chest looked like a boy’s.
“Sit here.” She pointed at the dresser stool and opened a bag of makeup I hadn’t noticed she was carrying. She threw her black leather jacket on top of the trench coat Izzy left behind for me.
I sat still as she worked on my face. Then she turned me around to face the mirror. My jaw dropped. Was that me? I looked different. I felt different, older. My makeup was subtle, my tan skin glowing with vitality under all the glitter. I leaned closer for a better look. Yeah, my lashes looked thicker and longer, and my eyes were a deeper shade of green than usual. Would Bran like the new me? A thrill ran through me, followed by remorse. I should be worried about Grampa, not how hot I looked dolled up.
Instead of being self-conscious in such a tight, short outfit, I felt more confident. Powerful. Irresistible.
“You like it?” Kim asked.
I nodded. “Hmm. I feel…”
“Invincible,” Izzy finished.
I hadn’t even noticed she’d returned to the room. Her silver and black skin-tight dress was simple, yet eye-popping. Her high-heeled boots were ankle-high and pointed at the toes. She wore a trench coat like the one she’d given me. I exchanged a smile with her. “Invincible is a good word.”
“Let’s join the guys,” Kim said.
“Don’t forget to remove the amulets,” Izzy added.

***

“About time,” Sykes said when we appeared. Then he let out a long whistle. “Not bad, ladies. Not bad. Red, you look…amazing.”
“You don’t look bad yourself.” He had on black slacks and a white dress shirt, which he topped with a black biker’s jacket. Black loafers finished his attire.
Remy spared us a glance, nodded in approval, and went back to zipping a duffel bag. It looked like he’d packed the entire dojo inventory. He looked at his watch as he stood up. He was dressed similar to Sykes, except he wore a black hoodie with silver rivets and white loafers. For once, they didn’t wear gloves.
“Okay, it’s time,” Remy said.
“What about Bran?” I asked, buttoning then belting my coat.
“He’ll meet us on Lucas Avenue. It’s right by the old Toluca Substation, a portal to the underground tunnels under Bunker Hill. You’ll teleport with me, Lil. The others can come through our telegate.”
I took a deep breath and gripped his hand. He grabbed the handles of the duffel bag. “Let’s do this.”
Their family room disappeared to be replaced by a field of some kind with high-rises in the background. I would’ve lost my balance on the uneven ground if it weren’t for Remy’s hand holding me upright. I sucked at teleporting to begin with, and the heels only made my clumsiness more apparent. The others appeared behind us.
The sun had already set and darkness crept under L.A. smog, but I could still see the portal to the tunnels ahead of us. A shack dotted with graffiti was to our right.
“This way,” Remy said, pointing to our left.
We walked across the park and up a short hill past a bent section of a chain link fence and reached the highway, where a line of four black SUVs waited. Street lights and headlights of passing cars bounced off their sleek exterior, but the tinted windows made it impossible to see the drivers.
The passenger door of the second car opened and Bran jumped down. He was dressed in all black—pants, shirt, and his leather duster coat. Several more doors opened and men in flowing brown robes belted with a rope stepped down. There were about six of them. With hoods covering their heads, I couldn’t see their faces. We all slowed down to a stop.
Bran waved us over. “Guys, these,” he indicated the men in monk-like garbs, “are my friends. You know them as souled demons.”
“Others call us the Outcasts,” a deep, rumbling voice said underneath a robe. I was close enough now to see his face, but all I saw were the wraparound sunglasses and a full beard. “I’m Darius. We’ll escort you to the Lair. Some of our people are already inside to watch your back. Give him the bag.” He slanted his head toward the driver of the first car.
Remy handed over the bag of weapons to the faceless man, who threw it inside the car. The man then slid behind the steering wheel, gunned the engine, and took off.
“Don’t worry, Guardian,” Darius said. “Your weapons will be inside when you get there. Shall we?”
Bran led me to the car he’d exited and slid beside me. Sykes joined us. Izzy, Kim, and Remy were led to the one behind us. The remaining three men took the rear car. We entered the traffic and took off toward the high rises. Inside the car, no one spoke. I began to fidget.
“Thank you for helping us,” I told Darius.
He nodded. Bran took my hand and moved closer. His breath fanned my face. “How are you holding up?”
“Good. You think we’ll pull this off?”
“Of course,” he whispered. “We have the element of surprise on our side. Gavyn said there are a few guards down there.”
Should we trust Gavyn? I shivered and looked out the window. Muted sounds filtered inside and teased my ears—music from cars zipping past us, blaring horns from impatient drives, an ambulance wailing somewhere in the background. Having Bran with us was reassuring. His brother would not dare betray us with Bran on our side.
We stopped moving, and I realized we’d arrived. I looked out the window and shivered. We were outside a storied building, a block from the high rises. A line of high-end, sporty cars—Porsches, Ferraris, Jags, and Lamborghinis—snaked in front of us to the entrance of the club. Uniformed valets caught keys and parked cars with the efficiency of an ant colony.
“We’ll wait in the parking lot,” Darius said as he slid into the entrance. He didn’t acknowledge the valet trying to get his attention. Bran, Sykes, and I stepped down, and the man drove off. The others joined us.
“Your friends don’t say much, do they?” Sykes asked Bran.
Remy shrugged. “We got the ride, bro. Imagine teleporting to this place.”
“Listen, guys,” Bran said. “Demons like to get inside people’s heads, so try to think of anything but the valley and the Cardinals.”
“I have the monks on my mind,” Izzy murmured, unbuttoning her coat. “Not that I could see their faces.”
“Glamour,” Bran explained. “Think of the men if you must. Anyone searching your thoughts will assume you’re from Darius’ brotherhood. This is one club where their kind is allowed.”
A hollow feeling settled in my stomach as I removed my coat. Bran reached for my hand, saw my outfit, and grinned. “Wow, you look amazing.”
I’d wanted to wow him, but now I couldn’t care less. I was more worried about our safety and Grampa’s, and how long I had to continue wearing the heeled boots. “Thanks.”
“Come on.” He exchanged nods with some of the valets. Two buffed-up bouncers, a dark-haired guy with spiked hair, and a dark-skinned guy with dreadlocks and a trimmed goatee eyed us as we approached. My unease increased.
Bran nodded at Dreadlock. “T.J.”
The bouncer’s gaze ran over our group. “Llyr.”
“Busy night?”
“No more than usual.” The guy’s gaze went to my hair and lingered. Pressure increased inside my head. He was trying to read my thoughts. I resisted. Surprise crossed his face. He dragged his attention from me to Bran. “He’s waiting for you upstairs. How many in your party?”
“Six.” Bran indicated the trainees.
T.J. nodded, stepped aside, and slanted his head toward the glass door. I caught his reflection on the door. His assessing gaze stayed on us. I didn’t trust the guy, and it had nothing to do with him being a demon.
We passed the double doors and walked through a short tunnel-like hallway, fake smoke swirling around our feet. The foyer glowed with red lights, and the cascading crystal chandeliers were breathtaking. I took a moment to orientate myself, forcing Bran to stop, too. The place was packed, but the lack of verbal and psychic conversation was jarring. Music filtered from somewhere in the background, but it was muted. My gaze darted around, trying to figure out what was happening.
On each side of the entryway was a sunken lounge area with oversized ottomans occupied by gorgeous men and women. To our left, a large screen stood in the middle of the customers. Not your usual flat-screen TV. I could see right through this one. Everyone on that side of the room had their gazes locked on it. What were they watching? There were no images.
Bran nudged me to move, but I couldn’t. My gaze was on the man seated on a gilded umpire chair beside the screen. Dressed in all white, he had chiseled features, long wavy blond hair, and a face so perfect he looked like a master’s sculpture. He waved a hand over the screen, and a football game commenced.
No sounds. Just the images. The camera followed one player as he raced with a ball. He jumped, missed being taken down several times, did a flip, and took off so fast he appeared blurry. He slammed the ball on the ground and started to dance. I didn’t follow sports, but I knew a touchdown when I saw one. I smiled. He was good. Could he be a demon? Was that what held these guys enthralled?
We’ll start at point-five million dollars, ladies and gents, a melodic voice telepathed. He’s a keeper and is willing to bring some of his fans with him to whoever owns him. Do I hear point-five-five?
Six, someone offered.
Do I hear point-six-five? the first announcer asked.
Seven.
Seven-five.
Eight? Do I hear a point-eight? Ladies and gents, he’s at the top of his game, will own several super bowl rings in this decade alone. Going once, going twice…sold for point-eight million dollars to the lady in seat 37.
The NFL star disappeared from the screen only to be replaced by a pompous-looking man in a business suit. The auction started again.
I swallowed, my eyes swinging to Bran. “What are they auctioning?”
“Souls. Let’s go.”
I couldn’t move. My gaze shifted to the other side of the room—packed gambling tables and chips being swept off the tables by angelic looking men and women. My gaze connected with a player as Bran pushed me forward. She looked like she could grace the cover of Elle, but desperation burned in her eyes. I didn’t need to ask Bran to know what the stakes were.
Shock, revulsion, and anger zipped through me in quick succession, and queasiness washed over me. All demons deserved to be sent to Tartarus. The female gambler’s eyes narrowed on my face. I let thoughts of Darius fill my head, his wraparound sunglasses and beard covering most of his skin.
I faced forward and let Bran lead us to the left. I glanced back, expecting to see the gorgeous woman still looking at me or outing me as a Guardian. Her fevered gaze was back on her cards. But my ogling must have drawn attention because eyes were on me, followed by attempts to invade my psyche. I resisted and stared straight ahead, my insides coiling tighter with each step, my skin crawling.
Ahead, through arched entrances, bodies writhed under colored lights. The music grew louder the farther away we moved from the entrance, but no one stopped us. I noted other things like the bar wrapping around the center of the entire floor, bartenders whipping cocktails without lifting a finger, and drinks floating above us to clients’ hands. No waiters or waitresses. Why would they need them when the employees were busy selling poor souls to the highest bidder?
“You okay?” Bran asked.
“They play with peoples’ souls like it’s nothing,” I said, anger burning inside of me.
“I know. If we didn’t need to be here, I wouldn’t have brought you.”
“Did you visit this place before you came to us?”
He nodded. “No. Gavyn wouldn’t let me.”
Whoever owned it ought to be vanquished, I wanted to tell Bran, but the heart-thumping hip-hop beats made conversation impossible. Besides, we were here for Grampa and Moira. We stopped near the booths and seats separating the lounge from the dance area. Flashing disco lights around the dance floor changed from red to blue, then green and back to red again.
Mingle…dance, Bran telepathed and nodded toward the dance floor, a spacious area packed so tight I couldn’t imagine dancing. I was too edgy, borderline nervous wreck.
Bran kissed my temple. I’ll see you in a few seconds. Then he disappeared.
Who wants to brave the dance floor? Remy asked.
We shook our heads.
Let’s get those drinks and keep a lookout for trouble.
We moved as a group to the bar and ordered drinks Kim insisted were “mocktails” or non-alcoholic cocktails. The guys went for club soda, which I noticed they pretended to sip as we drifted along the periphery of the dance floor. My mouth was dry, but nervousness had such a chokehold on my throat I couldn’t swallow the weird concoction in my glass even if I tried.
You guys ever been to a club like this before? I asked the others.
Never, they all answered.
They hold freakin’ auctions, man, Sykes said through clenched teeth. The fiends.
I should have known “Rocket man” sold his soul, Kim added. It explains why his career took off after years of being a mediocre running back.
We watched the dancers grind and pop, thrash and twist. Kim and Izzy nodded their heads to the beat, but it was all for show. Everyone was rattled by the macabre scene near the entrance. I scanned the dancers, the people around the bar. Were Valafar’s men here, watching us, waiting? And since no one wore a monk’s garb, I couldn’t tell which ones were Bran’s friends either.
Remy nodded at the stairs, and we moved toward it. I checked my watch. Five minutes. Dread of the unknown curled in the pit of my stomach. What was Bran doing up there? I searched for his psi and sighed with relief. He was okay. Tense but okay. I searched for Grampa’s. Nothing.
We stayed close to the rail and away from the clubbers giggling and dashing up and down the stairs. The upstairs wall was black with splashes and squiggles of neon colors, including the door Bran mentioned. We watched the frenzied dancers below for a few minutes.
Remy leaned toward me. “I’ll go in first. Come after Izzy and Kim.”
He spoke with the others then placed his drink on a table and sauntered to the camouflaged door. Kim then Izzy followed. Sykes squeezed my hand in an attempt to reassure me. I didn’t think I’d ever be the same again after tonight. I gave him a smile and left.
The others were waiting behind the door. Everyone looked tense. The sounds from the dance floor didn’t penetrate the door so the silence was creepy. A hallway wrapped around a glass wall and disappeared.
Music drifted in when Sykes opened the door and joined us. He locked it behind him. The sound of a door opening somewhere reached us, and everyone jerked. I swallowed panic, eyes steady in the direction the noise had come from. Relief coursed through me when Bran appeared around the corner and waved us over.
We entered an opulent office decorated with plush chairs and a chaise in the private sitting area, a wet bar, and floor-to-ceiling heavy, burgundy draperies. A dark cherry office desk and swivel leather chairs took up the other side. Behind the desk was a large screen television. We were above the bar, the glass wall giving us a panoramic view of the lounge and the dance floor below.
“Where’s Gavyn?” I asked.
“He’ll be back. Let’s get ready.” Bran slanted his head toward the duffel bag with our weapons near the door.
“First things first,” Remy said and waved his hand. Our clubbing outfits were transformed into hunting clothes—black pants, shirts, coats, and combat boots. Thank goodness.
There was silence as we passed around daggers, knives, stars, and blades—Remy’s arsenal of lethal weapons. We slid them wherever we could—inside our boots, on sheaths strapped around our thighs, hips, and chests. The guys favored close combat weapons—daggers, and blades. Izzy grabbed a crossbow. Kim and I went for the throwing knives and ninja stars. I noticed that the blades were different from the ones we used at the dojo. These were lighter in color and had a green tint.
Remy cleared his throat to get everyone’s attention. “Remember, we’re not here to start a war. We’re here to get the Cardinals out. We’ll use our powers to subdue, not vanquish.”
“Too bad,” Sykes said.
“I feel naked without my sword,” Kim griped.
“I can transform the daggers into swords if need be. But I hope it won’t come to that. Lil, use your power of persuasion to—”
The door opened, and we looked up. Gavyn sauntered into the room.

Chapter 22.  The Second Battle


“Guardians. How nice to see you enjoying my hospitality,” Gavyn said with a smirk.
“Just show us the secret passage,” Bran said.
Gavyn hesitated then smiled. “Of course.” He went behind his desk and pulled out the blueprints for the Underground and passed them to Bran, who spread them on the coffee table.
“Bran’s not returning to the valley with you guys,” Gavyn said as he joined us.
I flinched as though he’d hit me.
“Not now, Gavyn,” Bran warned him.
“That was part of our deal,” his brother continued as though Bran hadn’t spoken. “He’s chosen to leave the protection of Coronis and the Hermonite lords, and I’ve accepted that. But once he helps you, he’s promised not to have anything to do with the Cardinal Guardians ever again.”
Was that true? Or maybe that was Gavyn’s way of diverting my attention from our mission. “Just tell us about the Underground,” I snapped.
He grinned, as though he’d scored by pissing me off. My fingers itched to zap him and send him straight to Tartarus for eternity.
For the next few minutes, he talked while we listened. The Underground had ten sub-levels. Grampa and Moira were being held on the lowest one, inside one of the warehouses.
“You need this to know where to teleport to.” He whipped out a panoramic photograph of the warehouse. On the left side of the picture was a bunch of guys around a long table, drinking, and eating. The rest showed a typical rectangular warehouse with large wooden crates and plastic barrels everywhere. Not typical, windows were missing. In the middle of one were a set of double doors, and at the far left a small red door stood like a target.
“What are in the barrels and crates?” I asked.
Gavyn smirked. “Damned souls.”
He hated me. Whether it was because of my relationship with Bran or because I was a Guardian, I wasn’t sure. “Charming.”
“Right back at you, Guardian. Next time you use your powers against me, be prepared for the consequences,” he snarled.
I grinned when the realization hit me. He was still ticked off that I threw those chairs at him at the school on the night of the dance. “The chairs? Child’s play. That was to make you listen. You should be thanking—”
Remy slapped the table hard, causing a fissure on the wooden surface. “Back to the business at hand. What’s behind these doors?” He pointed at the picture.
For a brief moment, Gavyn stewed and didn’t answer until Remy repeated the question. “More warehouses, offices. The security down there is pretty tight, but the majority of them are my boss’ workers. A few of Valafar’s men remained after he left for the island a few hours ago.” His voice was brusque.
“How many?”
“Half a dozen. The cell where they’re keeping the Guardians is behind the red door.”
Remy reduced the blueprint to a postcard size and slipped it and the photograph in his pocket. “And the portal to the Underground?”
Gavyn walked to the television screen behind his desk and placed his hand on it. The silver gray peeled away to reveal a steel door. “The stairs go under this office and end at a door. That door leads to a loading dock on the top floor of the Underground. From there, you can teleport to any floor.”
My stomach contracted. Trusting the word of a demon who hated our guts was a big gamble. Add to that, this was our first mission. But despite my doubts, my thoughts always returned to Bran. I trusted his judgment, and he trusted Gavyn.
“Is this the only entrance to the place?” Remy asked.
Gavyn shrugged. “My Lord owns a lot of properties. There might be others, but this is the one I know.”
“Thanks for your help,” I said.
His eyes flashed with hatred. I pretended to not notice. He sneered. “I didn’t do this for you, Guardian. I did it to free my brother from you and your kind.”
Bran shook his head. “That’s enough, Gavyn.”
“If anything happens to him, I’ll hold all of you accountable,” Gavyn added.
“Chill, dude,” Sykes said. “Your brother is his own man. He chose to be here.”
“He’s doing it for her,” he spat, his eyes on me.
“Gavyn,” Bran snapped and glared at his brother.
Gavyn walked away, sat on the swivel chair behind his desk, and watched us with a brooding expression. His gaze didn’t leave us until we all stood by the secret door.
“Ready?” Remy asked, looking each of us in the eye.
We nodded.
“I’ll lead,” Remy said and pushed the door to reveal a rectangular landing and stairs with a metal rail. He stepped through the narrow doorway. Kim, Izzy, and then I followed. Bran and Sykes took the rear end. My heart was pounding so hard I was sure everyone could hear it. This had better not be a trap.
Scones of light lined the rough concrete wall. The stairs were narrow and spiral, the air chilly. I peered down but couldn’t see the door Gavyn had mentioned. The door closed behind us, and for a second, no one moved. Then Remy started down the stairs. We followed. The dull, yellow lights threw our shadows on the wall, but they offered adequate illumination. The stairs were made of slabs of concrete, which muffled our footsteps. Or perhaps the stealthy way we moved, eyes alert and bodies coiled for action, had something to do with the lack of sound. But audible sighs filled the tiny space when we reached the bottom. Tense smiles drifted on faces, even Bran’s.
Remy waited until we all got off the stairs and then placed his hand on the door. It swung on its hinges with a gentle whoosh. I held my breath, my heart thumping with dread. Then I gasped.
Seth, Aunt Janelle, and Hsia, dressed in hunting clothes and armed to the teeth, watched us from across the threshold. Shock robbed me of speech. But I was happy to see them, and so were the others, judging by their expressions. How did they know we’d be here?
About time you got here, Aunt Janelle telepathed.
We started to speak, but Seth shook his head, touched his lips, and pointed to his right. We have company.
How did you get here so fast? Sykes asked.
And how did you know we’d be here? I added.
Darius showed us another way. He contacted us the minute Bran spoke with him.
We came here against a direct order. I will take full responsibility, Remy telepathed.
Duly noted, Guardian, but you acted exactly how we hoped you would, Seth answered. If you had done nothing, we would have known you and your team weren’t ready for missions.
What about Cardinal Falcon’s orders? Izzy asked.
The others are suiting up. We’ll meet them at a rendezvous point after this, Seth explained.
We need to get going. Where’s the picture of the warehouse? Aunt Janelle asked.
That was another surprise. How did you know? I asked.
We eavesdropped on your conversation from here, Hsia said.
So what’s next, Guardian? Seth’s gaze stayed on Remy.
Excuse me, sir?
You’re leading this operation. We’re the backup team. So what’s the plan?
Remy outlined the plan he’d shared with us, waited until everyone had seen the photograph of the warehouse, and then gave the order. Let’s go.
We teleported to the warehouse in the photograph. The lights inside the room were blinding after the yellow glow on the landing and the stairs. I blinked then squinted and glanced around. There were so many crates and barrels. What were they hoarding? Damned souls like Gavyn had insinuated? The ceiling was high and painted white, the cement floor bare. A chill crawled under my skin. The air was cold and damp, which made sense since we were deep, deep under the ground.
At first, there was silence. We stayed put, eyes still alert, fingers locked on weapons or flexing. Then a sudden burst of laughter reverberated inside the warehouse. Remy pointed at each of us and assigned us aisles. To the Cardinals, he indicated up. Seth, Hsia, and Aunt Janelle teleported to the top of the crates. Remy pointed forward and telepathed, Lil, see what you can do.
Cold speared through my flesh to my bones. As for my heart, it was pounding so hard I feared the sound filled the room. I licked my lips, swallowed, and started to move forward.
I concentrated and locked on the psi energies of the people laughing. There were ten of them ahead, but a lot more in the adjoining warehouses and rooms. Their psi energies were weird, red, snarling blobs dotted with black swirls. Pure evil.
Sleep. Go to sleep…go into a deep sleep…
Pressure increased in my head, as though they were fighting back. I pushed back. Go to sleep…deep sleep.
The laughter and conversation died down. Thuds followed, and then there was silence. I crept forward and peeked from behind the last crate. Eight men and women were slumped over a table. Two more were on the floor. A few cups were tipped over, coffee dripping from the sides of the table.
My gaze connected with the others. Sykes teleported to the double doors and gave a thumbs-up. Remy nodded. 
Seth, Janelle, and Hsia, go to the red door and find the Cardinals, Remy instructed. The rest of us will stay here and—
A strong pulse swept across the warehouse, the sweet scent of berries filling the air. The slumbering demons, furniture, and utensils flew across the room and slammed against the wall. Bodies fell from chairs. Cups crashed and broke. Shrieks and rolling thunder split the air as crates dragged across the floor and barrels rolled and piled in a corner.
Nature-benders, Aunt Janelle warned. Recognize that smell.
A dozen men in black jumpsuits with matching capes materialized, serrated weapons strapped to their arms. No snarls, no bared teeth or growls. With their beautiful faces and youthful appearance, they could be angels except their eyes were red, matching the round rubies on their belt buckles, the pins holding their capes around their necks and the wrists of their elbow-length gloves.
I plunged my shaking hand inside my boot, grabbed the handle of my dagger, and pulled it free just as omnis ignited above their palms. They launched them at us and created more as the first salvo whizzed across the room.
“Focus on the omnis, Lil!” Remy yelled.
I pointed my dagger at the sizzling energy balls. Freeze. Reverse. The omnis stopped in mid-air then shot backward so fast they were blurry. Some found their targets, setting them ablaze. Others hit the wall, leaving behind a charred hole. More of them appeared.
“Send them to Tartarus,” Seth yelled, rotating his arm to churn the air. He sent a blast of wind at the demons. Two were caught in the drift and went flying against the wall. He flipped his wrist and blades shot out and sunk into their necks and chests.
A chilling scream of terror resounded in the room as their bodies crumpled and burst into flame. They disappeared into the floor, leaving behind no clothing or blood, just scorch marks. But the omnis kept coming, keeping me busy. My commands were effective when I looked at them, so I kept checking my flanks and over my shoulders, making sure none hit any of us.
To my left, Bran’s fingers curved toward two demons. Their faces became waxen, eyes sunken, and skin wrinkled as water drained out of their wounds and pooled at their feet before they disappeared. Sykes lobbed alpha balls so fast they looked like a streaming light. Throwing knives and arrows buzzed through the air as Izzy and Hsia worked their favorite weapons. Some collided with the ones the demons threw and exploded, sparks and smoke everywhere. Others lodged in their chests, causing instant combustion. Kim worked her air powers across the room from Seth, both creating wind tunnels that knocked demons off their feet. Then they followed through with blades. Behind us, every ninja star Remy and Aunt Janelle hurled split into a dozen pieces and found their mark.
The chaos and the shrieking sound of death was nothing I was prepared for. I gripped my dagger with a shaky hand as one demon sauntered toward me, a gleaming katana in his hand. He didn’t seem to be in a hurry to chop off my head. Panic punched my stomach, my knees knocking. How could I track omnis while I fought?
With one hack, he knocked the dagger out of my clammy hand. Then he smirked.
Pissed, I waved my hand. The impact sent him flying backwards. He whipped around in the air, body upright, coat flying, and landed on his feet. A growl twisted his lips, as he started for me. I grabbed ninja stars from the sheath around my wait, aimed, and let them go. Clang…clang…clang. His sword sent the tiny weapons flying. Another demon crossed his path. He impaled him with his sword without breaking his stride and snarled at another to get out of his way. I knew then that I was a trophy he had to claim.
“Lil, catch,” Remy yelled.
A sword whipped through the air, the jadeite in the blade reflecting light. I caught the hilt and turned just in time to block a downward swing of the demon’s katana.
Clang. Clang. Clang.
Adrenaline surged through my veins, the instinct to survive overwhelming my terror. I shuffled backward, parried, and followed with an attack. Slashes, upward cuts, thrusts, and feints. He was faster than I, and a better swordsman. He grinned, as though fighting me was a joke.
“Come with me, little princess,” he said in a seductive tone.
“I don’t think so.” I hit him with another psi pulse.
He recovered faster this time. Crimson eyes spitting rage, he came after me again. “Stop wasting my time, Lilith. I said you’re coming with me.”
How did he know my name? I zapped him again and again, and hurled stars at him, trying to catch him unaware as he staggered backward. He hit the weapons with his sword, his weapon moving so fast it was a blur. A knife sailed through the air, flipped twice, and lodged into his neck. He burst into flame, body turning black, holes replacing eyes and mouth as he howled his way to Tartarus.
I swallowed and turned to find my rescuer. Bran. My eyes connected with his triumphant ones. Shock tilted my heart. His eyes glowed demonic red, his lips turned up with frenzied excitement. He lurched forward, jumping right back into the chaos. My gaze darted to the others, fully engaged in battle. They mixed their powers and fighting skills, their eyes glowing green. Were my eyes glowing, too?
Something sent me hurtling through the air. My back connected with a crate high up near the ceiling. High-pitched agony sucked the breath out of me and sent tears to my eyes. I groped the edge of the crate with my fingers, found a ledge, and hung on for dear life. The crate creaked and rocked. I teleported to the ground, right in the path of a whirlwind. It mowed down the fiend who attacked me, leaving behind nothing but charred floor.
Sword. My sword flew from the ground where it fell to my hand. I gripped the hilt with both hands and pointed it at the wind demon. Stop.
The twister slowed down until I could see a female demoness, black hair flying around a gorgeous face. She careened to a halt. “You want to save your grandfather, Lilith? Come with me,” she whispered.
Not again. “Go to Tartarus.” Before I could zap her, she teleported behind me and wrapped her arms around me in a firm grip. Air left my lungs. My ribs hurt from the pressure she was putting on them.
“You must…come…with me,” she sang in my ear.
I couldn’t move or think. Her sweet berry scent stifled as she whipped around with me. My hair flew across my face. Cold currents of air stung my skin and caused my eyes to water. Everything inside the warehouse became blurry. Someone yelled my name, and reality returned.
I let go of my sword and tried to teleport from her arms, but the twirling created some kind of force-field from which I couldn’t escape. I tried to use my power to free myself, but I couldn’t focus.
One second we were in the warehouse, the next were floating in cold, bleak darkness. The place was devoid of life. No emotions. No sounds. I heard the swish-swish sounds of wings. My feet touched nothing. My arms, trapped by the demoness’ hands, had gone numb. And my psyche couldn’t find a single soul. I shivered, my heart pumping with dread. Where was I?
A brilliant glow appeared out of the darkness. Another one emerged with it. Then another and another… The lights coalesced into one giant orb, just like on the day I received my powers. Instead of exploding, the orb moved closer and enveloped me. I became one with the light, free and uninhibited.
My past flashed before my eyes, and everything became clear. The insecurities about who I was, being raised on the road and never feeling like I belonged anywhere, my fears of ending up alone without friends, and concerns about my powers had hindered my ability to see and accept the truth. I was born to be a Guardian, a defender of all that was good. I couldn’t afford to be weak, to give up or let down those who fought alongside me.
As though the epiphany opened a floodgate, my friends’ thoughts slammed into my psyche. Remy had a gushing wound on his arm, causing him excruciating pain. Kim’s ribs were cracked, each breath worse than the last one. Sykes had burns on his body and was surviving on pure adrenaline. Izzy’s pain came and went. Bran was—
Stinging agony shot across my chest, echoing his. He was down, hurting. I’m coming back, Bran. Hold on. Another crack of pain bounced inside my skull. I tried to connect with him and help. I tried again and again, but couldn’t reach him.
I focused all my energy on teleporting back, using his face as a guiding point.
Darkness peeled away to be replaced by the jarring light of the warehouse and the din of the battle. Still locked in the vortex of the wind demoness, cold gusts bit my skin, and tears flew across my face. I focused harder and crept inside the demoness’ mind.
Demon be gone.
Her arms loosened around me, and she let me go, shrieking. It took seconds before I realized something was missing. The howl from the battle had disappeared. The utter silence after the ruckus of seconds ago was downright spooky. I looked around in panic.
The demons had disappeared. How? The trainees remained standing, swords dangling from their hands. The Cardinals were near the barrels and crates, doing Lord-knows-what. Bran’s crumbled body caught my attention.
I teleported to his side, my heart constricting. There was so much blood on his shirt it stuck to his body. His chest rose and fell, his breathing shallow. He had several cuts on his face, too, but he was alive. Barely. I stroked his hair and searched for his psi energy. It was so weak, the life-force slowly draining out of him.
Fighting panic, I let my psi energy overlap with his. Bran? I’m here. Can you hear me?
No response.
Don’t you dare die on me, Bran Llyr. Fight back.
Nothing.
Tears filled my eyes. Please, don’t die. Tell me what to do to help. I wanted to wrap my arms around him and cradle him, but I didn’t know the extent of his injuries. Something poked out from the side of his shirt. With unsteady hands, I undid his shirt. A broken rib pierced right through his skin and jutted outside his body. I fought dizziness, looked up, and opened my mouth to scream for help, but the scene before me froze the words in my throat.
Seth and Aunt Janelle were disappearing through the red door. I was so concerned about Bran I’d forgotten my grandfather. Please, let him be okay. To my right, Izzy hurried to Kim, who was supported by Hsia. Kim was hunched over, her face bloody. Izzy placed her hands against Kim’s chest, closed her eyes, and appeared to go into a trance. What was she doing?
Kim slowly straightened. She took a deep inhale and smiled.
Izzy? A healer? Why hadn’t she mentioned it? Bran groaned. My moan overlapped with his as pain shot through my chest. I crooned to him, tried to calm him down. I also noticed that his psi energy held steady. You’ll be okay. Izzy will be here soon.
But she was busy with the trainees. She moved to Remy. He swayed where he stood, a hand clasping his arm, blood oozing between his fingers. She gripped his hand. Within seconds, blood stopped dripping from his arm.
Sykes’ face was white, dark shadows under overly bright eyes. I didn’t see blood on him, but something had burned his shirt off his back and his skin was charred. It took longer to heal him.
My gaze darted between Izzy and the red door, a different kind of fear gripping me when Aunt Janelle and Seth didn’t reappear right away. What was taking them so long?
Izzy came to our side. “Where are your wounds?”
I looked down. I had no blood on me except on my hands, and that was Bran’s. “I don’t have any, but Bran needs help.” I stroked his face, kept our energies meshed.
She opened Bran’s shirt and didn’t miss a beat when she saw the rib jutting out of his chest. Gently, she pushed the rib back inside Bran’s chest.
He groaned. I closed my eyes and ground my teeth, high-pitched pain shooting through him. I felt every spasm. Dizziness washed over me. Then the stinging receded to a dull ache.
“You sure you’re not wounded? You don’t look too good.”
“Please, just take care of him.”
She held her hand over his wound. Her palms glowed and miniature thunderbolts buzzed from her palm to his skin. “You self-heal, too?”
I shook my head, sweat pouring down my face. The sting felt like my insides were being pinched together.
“After what you just did, you must.”
“What did I do?” I asked through clenched teeth.
Izzy frowned. “You sure you’re not in pain.”
I nodded. Forget about me. Tell me what I did.
“We heard you scream just before the nature-bender whisked you away. The next second you were back, and all the demons dematerialized. Whatever you did, it scared them. You ended the battle.” Izzy sat on her haunches, her hands dropping to her sides. “I’m sorry, Lil.”
I followed her gaze to Bran’s chest. His wound was still open and raw. I frowned at her. “Why aren’t you healing him?”
She shook her head. “I can’t.”
“What do you mean you can’t?” I screeched.
“I think it’s because he’s half demon. I can’t fully heal him.”
“What?” My breath caught on a sob. “He’s in pain.”
“I’m sorry.” She did the glowing hands thing, but the wound stayed the same. “I’ll get a strip of cloth and dress it.”
“Here,” Remy said from behind her. He transformed a torn piece of his shirt into a bandage. Beside him stood Sykes and Kim. Hsia had disappeared.
I looked toward the red door. A foreboding feeling washed over me. “Aren’t they back yet?”
Remy shook his head. “Hsia just left. Will you guys be okay alone? We need to see what’s holding them up.”
I nodded. Remy and the other two headed toward the red door. Izzy and I stayed with Bran. She dressed Bran’s wound. I stroked his battered face. His psi energy appeared stronger, or maybe it was wishful thinking on my part. Can you hear me, Bran? I’m not leaving your side until you get better.
Izzy glanced at me. “You love him.”
“Is it obvious?” I asked.
She nodded. “His rib’s set. It will take a while, but he’ll heal.”
“He heals fast.”
“Not from an energy drain,” a voice cut through the air like a whip.
Izzy stiffened.
I looked up.
A man with a swarthy-complexion and dressed in austere black pants and a matching tunic that came to his knees stood a few feet from us. He didn’t carry a weapon of any kind, but perhaps there was no need. A menacing aura clung to him like a cloak. His head was clean-shaven, and his face… I shivered. He had pitch black eyes, and an ugly, jagged scar ran from his right temple to the corner of his lips, giving his hard mouth a perpetual sneer. There was something familiar about him, yet I was sure I’d never met him before. I could never forget his face or those eyes.
I tried to read his mind.
Nothing. Just static.
I frowned. “Who are you?”
“He won’t recover unless you get him help, Lilith. And neither will Falcon.” The man waved a hand and Grampa’s body appeared out of thin air and crumbled at his feet.
My heart dropped, my eyes zeroing in on Grampa’s face. He looked dead, his face pale though there were no visible injuries. I searched for his psi energy. It was there, but very weak. I wanted to run from Bran’s side to Grampa’s, but shock locked my muscles. I heard a shout.
“Stand…back…Valafar.”
Valafar? A buzzing sound droned in my ears, and dizziness threatened to drag me under. Blinding rage slammed into me. I fumbled for the dagger around my waist. Gone. I dove for the one inside my boot, seized its hilt, and jerked it out of its sheath. I drew my hand back and let the dagger sail toward him.
He whipped out a hand and caught it. Smoke snaked from his fist, the acrid smell of burning flesh drifting into the air, but he didn’t drop the dagger. Instead he clenched his fingers tight. The wooden handle fell away. When he opened his hand, black ashes floated to the floor. I watched with morbid fascination as his blackened hand healed itself.
He shot me a hard look. “You don’t want to kill me, Lilith.”
Yes, I did. I wanted to rip his soulless body apart. I wanted him to pay for what he’d taken from me. I zapped him, the forced causing him to sway on his feet. Amusement flashed in his eyes. “You shouldn’t do that either. You’ll only exhaust your powers.”
Just to prove him wrong, I zapped him again, hatred burning through my veins. But the power of my attack wasn’t enough to move a pebble. The battle had weakened me. 
“What do you want, Valafar?” Seth said in a voice colder than winter.
“My daughter, Seth. A man is entitled to claim his only child, is he not?” His gaze didn’t waver from me.
Shock robbed me of breath. He didn’t mean me, did he? No. No, no, no. “I’m not your daughter, you monster! You killed my mother.”
“I’m not here to discuss your mother, Lilith.” His voice was hard, the words clipped. “I’m here to take you home.”

Chapter 23.  Valafar



I was being sucked into a nightmare without an end. Nausea churned my insides. This couldn’t be real. This monster could not be my father. I shook my head. “No. I’m not going anywhere with you.”
Valafar’s eyes narrowed. “You should obey when I give you an order, my child.”
I felt a tug on my psi energy as though someone was trying to break the link I had with Grampa and Bran. Valafar. I resisted and stared him down. “I don’t take orders from you. You’re nothing to me. Go away. Leave.”
“You heard the child, Valafar. It’s time for you to join your kind in Tartarus, but first, you must release all the souls you’ve damned,” Seth boomed. He moved closer, his grip tightening on his sword. Moira already had energy balls in her hands. The others had their weapons ready, too.
Izzy slowly leaned forward, reached inside her boots, and removed two daggers. She pressed one in my trembling hand. Shell-shocked, I stared at it, then her. What did she expect me to do with it? Valafar had reduced the first one I threw at him to ashes like a twig. Still, just in case. I shoved my hand and the dagger inside the pocket of my coat.
“Don’t do anything stupid,” Valafar ground out.
I jumped, but his words and gaze were directed at the Cardinals, not me.
“If I go, I take Falcon with me. Imagine what they’ll do to him once he gets to Tartarus. All those demons he vanquished.” Everyone froze. “Now, I’d like to talk to my daughter uninterrupted.”
“You don’t have a daughter here,” Aunt Janelle retorted.
Valafar crossed his arms while widening his stance and smile. The scar on his face creased in a grotesque way. “You can delude yourselves all you want, Guardians. My blood runs in her veins. I am her father.”
My hand tightened around the dagger in my pocket. “I already have a father.” The look he gave me chilled me to the bone. It was full of suppressed violence. I knew then that he’d hurt me if I didn’t cooperate. Two weeks ago, I would’ve clammed up, become a sniveling mess. Not today. Not when the lives of those I loved were at stake. “Give him back his powers and leave. Nobody wants you here.”
“Not without you, Lilith. Falcon stole sixteen years from me, but not a second more. There’s much we need to discuss. So much I need to show you.”
“There’s nothing you have that I need. You’re a liar and a murderer. You killed my grandmother and mother.”
A spasm of rage crossed his face, and for a brief moment, I thought he’d zap me. Then his face smoothened. “Your mother was the liar,” he said, his voice emotionless. “She made me believe you were dead. Until a week ago, I believed exactly that. When the Goetz boys described you, I thought they’d made a mistake. But after talking with the Llyr boys, I knew you were my daughter. I asked Falcon to deliver you to me, but he refused. He left me no choice. I don’t want a war—otherwise I would have attacked your hidden valley.” He glanced at the other Guardians, eyes flashing like laser beams, a sneer curling his mouth. “And here we are, at an impasse. You want him, and I want her. I sacrificed many of our people tonight to get what rightfully belongs to me.”
Was he trying to make us feel guilty or impress me? “I don’t care what you sacrificed. You’re a demon, a nature-bender interested in my powers.”
He threw his head back and laughed. The look he gave me was filled with pity. “Your powers? You’re sixteen years old, Lilith. A child. I have no interest in what you can do now, because there’s much more I plan to teach you. Skulking in dark alleys chasing after soul-reaping demons is not your destiny. And for what? Redemption. What is redemption when you can be the most powerful being for centuries? You’re fated to rule this world. Mortals and immortals will bow down before you.”
“If you knew me, you’d know I don’t care about stuff like that.”
“You’re so naïve. Everyone wants power and the world at their feet.” His voice became silky, languid. “And you’re wrong, daughter. I do know you. You have a scar on the small of your back, the symbol of light. You know what that means? You’re the light bearer, the destined leader of our people. And from the moment you were born, you’d scream your head off at night when the lights were turned off. The first time it happened, your mother was terrified. She thought you were being attacked. Are you still scared of darkness, Lilith?”
Whatever protests I had died on my lips the moment he mentioned my scar. How could he know about these things if he weren’t my father? I closed my eyes. My nightmare had become my reality. I turned to my grandfather. Help me, Grampa. Tell me what to do.
No response from him. He was still weak.
Aunt Janelle spoke instead. “Don’t listen to him, Lil. He’s a liar. Your birthmark is a rising sun, the symbol of dawn, a new era. And your fear of darkness has nothing to do with being a light bearer. It means you’re a child of light. You draw strength from light, not darkness.”
Valafar turned to her, his eyes glowing red. He spoke in an ancient language that I never learned, yet I understood every word. “How you twist the truth to suit you. You and I know she’s the one who tips the balance between light and darkness. The one we’ve all been waiting for. And she’s mine to mold and guide, yet you stole her from me and turned her into this.” He waved a hand toward me.
Aunt Janelle’s chin shot up. “We didn’t know you were her father. Not even Ares did. Whatever you did to scare Tatiana away is of your own making, not ours. We just picked up the pieces.”
“I loved my wife. I would’ve given her the world.”
“She never wanted the world. No wonder she took Lil and left. We’re her family now.” She waved to include the others. Seth and Hsia nodded. The trainees looked bewildered, obviously not understanding the conversation.
I stared at Valafar, shock colliding with loathing. What did he mean by this light and darkness crap? How could I be the one they’d been waiting for? Before I could ask, Valafar’s eyes returned to normal. A frown settled on his face as though Aunt Janelle’s words brought him some new revelation. I locked on his psyche and connected with him. Images flashed in his head, confirming what he’d said. My mother, happy, laughing with a dark and handsome man—Valafar with a full head of red hair like mine and no scar on his contented face. The two of them on the beach, at restaurants, at their home, with me on the day I was born…
“How could you kill her if you loved her?” I whispered, tears rolling down my cheeks.
“I didn’t mean to do it.” There was pain in his voice, but I couldn’t tell whether it was real or feigned. “I came looking for you. She taunted me. Told me you were dead. That she couldn’t raise my child and had killed you. I should have known Tatiana could never harm you.”
“I grew up without a mother, never lived anywhere long enough to call it home. We moved from place to place because my grandfather didn’t trust the High Council to protect me from you.”
He didn’t flinch at my accusations, but his eyes grew colder. “Forget about the past, Lilith. I’m here now. I’ll teach you. Together, we’ll make those who hurt you pay.”
He didn’t understand anything. Even after Aunt Janelle’s explanation, he didn’t get it. I didn’t need revenge. All I’d ever wanted was to fit in, to belong, but not with him. My gaze shifted to Grampa, pale and barely alive. I didn’t need a rerun of my life to remember his love. He’d been there whenever I needed him. But our roles were reversed now. He needed me.
I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and drew strength from the light. Anger, bitterness, and hatred leached out of me. Love warmed my insides, filling me. I love you, Grampa. Please understand and forgive me.
Bran’s psi energy was much stronger than before, though he was still unconscious. I knew he couldn’t hear me, couldn’t feel my presence, but it didn’t matter. I pressed my lips to his forehead, every ounce of love I felt for him flowing through my lips. Don’t forget me. No matter how many years it takes, I’ll find my way back to you. I love you, Bran Llyr.
I scrambled to my feet. Dizziness washed over me and my body shook. The battle had drained my powers. I looked at the trainees. Their faces were bathed with concern. No blame. No hatred. The Cardinals’ gazes didn’t waver from Valafar, as though they were waiting for him to step away from Grampa so they could attack. Part of me wished they could vanquish him. The other part knew there was only one solution to this problem.
I looked Valafar in the eye. “No, I don’t need you fighting my battles,” I said, my voice firm. “I already have a father. He’s taught me everything I know—love, honor, and respect. I’m a Guardian, not a Hermonite, or a nature-bender, or a light bearer. No matter where I live, I’ll always be a Guardian. Give my grandfather and Bran their powers, and I’ll go with you.”
Protests filled the room before I finished the last sentence.
Their support brought fresh tears to my eyes, but I didn’t look at them. I couldn’t or my resolve would waver. My gaze stayed locked on Valafar. “Do you accept my offer? My grandfather and Bran’s powers restored, and in exchange, I’ll leave with you.”
Valafar nodded. “Accepted. But first, we need something.”
One second he stood by Grampa; the next his hand gripped my arm. Disbelief and anger slammed into me as darkness replaced the warehouse. We were back in the void, the place the wind demoness had taken me. “What are you doing?”
I felt something solid under my feet. Valafar let go of me and I stumbled. I still felt woozy, and the ground was slippery. I reached out for anything to break my fall. Found nothing but air.
He gripped my arm, again. “Steady.”
I yanked my arm away. “Why did you bring me here? I already agreed to go with you. Aunt Janelle was right. You’re nothing but a liar. Take me back this instant or I—”
An energy ball came to life above Valafar’s hand. It wasn’t an omni, thank goodness. It lit his face and the area where we stood. I looked around, trying hard not to panic. We were inside a cavern. The roof was an arm’s length away, the frozen walls and floor reflecting the light. I couldn’t see the entrance, but two tunnels originated from it. I shivered. It was freezing, the lack of sound bloodcurdling. “Where are we?”
“Mount Hermon, an active volcano on Coronis Isle.”
A chill snaked its way under my skin. “Why did you bring me here?”
“If you want to heal your grandfather and that Llyr boy, we need to find the dagger.”
“What dagger?”
“The dagger Azazel created for Coronis’ sister. Tariel hid it under this mountain. The dagger is the only thing that will restore their powers.”
Was this some kind of a trick? “What makes you think I can find it?”
“You’re the wielder.” He reached inside an invisible crevice in the cave wall and pulled out a sheathed sword. The hilt had a red-eyed flying raven, the wings forming the cross-guard. My hand closed around the dagger in my pocket as he strapped the sword around his waist. I only relaxed when he reached inside the same invisible crevice and came out with a white fur coat. He offered it to me. I glared at him.
“The island is covered with snow and the caves are icy. Take it.”
I lifted my chin. “No, thanks.”
The scar on his face twitched. “Foolish girl.” He pulled out another heavy coat similar to the one he’d offered me and put it on. “Come. We don’t have much time.”
“How do you know I’m the wielder?”
“Coronis had a vision a long time ago about a red-head who would wield the dagger in such a way that had never been done before. I recently had another vision. I didn’t know it was you, until those idiots described you.”
My conversation with Bran about a red-headed leader flashed in my head. “So this is why you came for me, isn’t it? Why you want me?”
His eyes narrowed, but he didn’t answer me. Instead, he turned and started toward one of the tunnels, ice on the ground cracking as he stomped on it. He didn’t seem to care whether I followed him or not.
Fine. I didn’t want to go with him either. I hated him. I wrapped my arms around myself and shivered despite the long pants, long-sleeved shirt, and coat. My eyes clung to the shaft of light as Valafar continued down the tunnel. Any moment, I expected him to turn around and check to see if I was behind him. He didn’t. Instead, he turned a corner.
Darkness closed around me. My heart started to pound. Darkness was the bane of my life. To have a panic attack right now would be the final humiliation. What was I thinking? Pride comes before a fall, Grampa often said. This was no time to prove anything to this demon who called himself my father. We were here for the one thing that could restore Grampa and Bran’s powers. And it had better restore them, or Valafar would have to deal with me.
I stuck my hands out in front of me like a blind person, shuffling along the frozen cave floor toward the tunnel Valafar had taken. I couldn’t see my hands, couldn’t see anything. Shadows pressed against my skin and wound tightly around me. I lost my footing, lunged forward, and landed on my knees and hands.
He was beside me in the blink of an eye, helping me up. “You okay?”
What do you think? I wanted to snap, but I held my tongue. “Yes.”
He let go of my arm as soon as I stood and put some distance between us as though being too close to me made him uncomfortable. Good. I didn’t want him touching me either. He created another fiery ball and let it hover behind us. Without saying another word, he led the way with the first one he’d generated.
I wiped my muddy hands on my coat and tried to avoid the icy patches on the ground as I struggled to keep up with him. The earth was uneven and rocky, the tunnel wide enough for the two of us to walk side by side without bumping into each other. The lights cast flickering shadows, giving the illusion that the walls were undulating.
We walked in silence. I tried to regulate my breathing and think happy thoughts but soon realized I needed sounds. Listening to his stories, fake or real, was a better distraction. “Tell me about my mother.”
“You never knew her so she shouldn’t matter.”
“She matters to me. And I can’t forget her because she’s part of who I am.”
Silence.
I glared at his broad back covered with the bulky white coat. “Fine. Let’s talk about the present. How many souls do you steal a day? How many must one hoard to become a nature-bender?”
He chuckled. “I think you misunderstand how we operate, Lilith. We don’t steal or force mortals to sell their souls. They do it willingly. Remember free will? Or is that something the Guardians forgot to teach you?”
I scrunched my face at his scathing tone. “Hmm, free will. Is that like making me choose between saving the people I love or myself? Damned if I do, damned if I don’t?”
He chuckled, again. “You’re not human, Lilith. So free will doesn’t apply to you.”
Something he’d said while we were in that warehouse retuned to haunt me. “What did you mean about Guardians and redemption?”
He laughed. “They haven’t taught you that either? They hide the truth and feed children lies.”
I hated being his source of amusement. “Never mind.”
“All Nephilim are born without a soul because of what our ancestors, the Watchers, did. Demons attempt to fill that void by stealing human souls. Guardians do by saving souls. They’d like you to believe that they’re continuing what our forefathers were sent to Earth to do. The fact is the Guardians’ redemption, including those in Xenith, depends on the Cardinals’ work on Earth.”
So that was the big reason everyone had hinted at and never told me. Not that it mattered. I was a Guardian. And if I had to sacrifice to help my people, so be it. When Valafar chuckled again, I said, “Why don’t you want to talk about my mother. Do you ever think about her? Feel guilty for killing her?”
He muttered something under his breath.
“What’s that language? You used it earlier with Aunt Janelle.” And I understood it even though I had never heard it before, weird.
“Aramaic. What do you want to know about her?”
“How and when did the two of you meet? How come she couldn’t tell you were a nature-bender?”
He grunted and took his time answering. “I met her seventeen years ago at the gaming conference in Seattle. I didn’t know she was the daughter of a Guardian. By the time I found out, it didn’t matter. I loved her.” His voice softened. “Then we had you.”
Was the emotion softening his voice real or fake? “Gaming?”
“Video and computer games. She designed them for a company. Ever played Realm of Gorath? The Serpentine?”
“I don’t play video games.” But I planned to find them as soon as I got back home. If I ever got home.
“Those were hers. She was brilliant.” Again, sadness laced his voice.
“And you? Why were you there?” I asked.
“I enjoy a game or two now and then,” he said with a smile.
I started to ask him “Like what?” but then clammed up. I didn’t want to know anything about him. The tunnel slopped downward and narrowed. The temperature continued to drop. I shivered. As though tuned in to my emotions, he offered me the coat. This time, I took it and murmured thanks. The fur coat reached to my ankles. I slipped my arms through the sleeves and buttoned it up. It fit, as though tailor made for me.
“Before the conference was over, I’d fallen in love with her,” Valafar continued, drawing my attention. I realized he was discussing my mother. “Tatiana was brilliant, funny, and full of life. She’d also been hurt and didn’t trust easily.”
Yeah, Grampa had told me about the Guardian who didn’t think Mom was good enough for him because Grandma was a gypsy. But I wasn’t buying Valafar’s story. Everything he said and did was suspect. If I hadn’t needed the distraction, I would’ve stopped asking him questions. “What was her favorite color, food, time of the day? How come she couldn’t tell you were a nature-bender?”
I sifted through the information, my feet starting to hurt. It seemed like we’d been walking forever. “How far to go?”
“Almost there. Tatiana knew I was a demon from our first meeting,” Valafar added. “She didn’t know I was a nature-bender. We agreed to never discuss our pasts. When she became pregnant, I wanted to marry her. She wasn’t ready.” He became quiet and I thought he’d finished his story. “But she was excited about having you. She decorated your bedroom with colorful butterflies. Tatiana loved butterflies. After you were born, she became jittery. When Coronis’ security team paid us a visit, she must have heard our conversation and got scared.”
“Or she probably saw it. She was a powerful clairvoyant.”
He stopped, turned, and smiled. The smile transformed his face and gave me a glimpse of the man my mother had loved. “Hmm, I never knew that. She must have seen Coronis’ raven-head guards and heard that I was a nature-bender and a duke in hierarchy. Coronis needed me back on the island as head of security. I would’ve kept two homes if that was what your mother wanted. She never gave me the chance to discuss it. I was away for a week. When I came back, she was gone. The rest you know.” He turned away.
I followed him, mulling over what he’d just told me. Could he be telling the truth? According to Grampa, Mom was angry when she disappeared. Could she have befriended a demon to hurt Guardians? Or was I letting Valafar manipulate me with lies?
We entered another huge cave, the ceiling covered with stalactites shaped like shark teeth and tubular ones with skinny stalagmites under them. These weren’t regular limestone stalactites. They were lavacicles. Ragged lava pillars rose from the floor like buttresses and disappeared into the roof. A huge hole, probably a collapsed lava tube, took up a portion of the floor to our left. Beyond the hole, the cave curved and disappeared into nothingness.
Valafar pointed at the curve. “That leads to the chamber where the dagger is hidden.”
I nodded.
“You must continue alone from here.”
Suspicion coursed through me. “Why?”
“None of our people has ever made it past the hole and come back.”
I didn’t like this new information one little bit. “Why not?”
“The dagger won’t let anyone get close. We’ve lost countless people in an attempt to retrieve it. All they see is a bright light, and then they’re gone.”
“What makes you think it won’t hurt me?”
He dismissed my question with a sharp wave of his hand. “You ask senseless questions, Lilith. As the wielder, the dagger will not harm you. It will come to you, and you will command it to do anything. Now go and get it.”
Apprehension slithered up my spine, my heart starting to beat hard. The area past the hole was murky. I hesitated.
“Remember your grandfather,” Valafar added in a hard voice.
Right, like I needed to be reminded Grampa and Bran were depending on me. I swallowed past the constriction in my throat. I shouldn’t fear darkness. I’ve seen light come out of darkness. I took a deep breath, letting the glow within me expand. I can do this. I must do this. I removed the fur coat and pushed it in Valafar’s hand. I removed my hunter coat, and let it fall to the ground. Then I started toward the hole.
My heart drummed an uneven staccato, my breathing shallow. What lay beyond that corner was unknown, and I’d never been more scared in my life, but this was one time I couldn’t afford to panic. Loose rocks and shadows made it next to impossible to tell what I was stepping on. I lost my footing and grabbed a stalagmite to break my fall. I glanced back at Valafar. “You could at least give me the energy balls to light the way.”
He shook his head. “They’ll fizzle before they get to the hole.”
Despite my dire situation, I smirked. That was one smart dagger. No wonder he wanted it. He might not have said so, but I knew he wanted the dagger for himself. The smile died on my lips as I contemplated the missing floor before me. It was wide, and a thrumming sound emanated from it. Fear clenched my gut. “What’s down there? Cerberus?”
Valafar glowered without answering, but he let the two energy balls follow me as far as they could go. I studied the area beyond the gaping floor. The glow from the orbs only illuminated the pillars closest to the hole. Beyond them was nothing but gloom. No, that wasn’t true. A bright light with a green tinge seeped from the shadows, but only illuminated the tops of the pillars, the ones at the farthest end of the cave. The area in between was dark. My teleporting had better not fail me.
Aiming for one of the nearest pillars, I teleported and dug my fingers inside the crevice on the rough surface. Sharp edges dug into my palm and skin. I ignored the pain and looked down. I couldn’t see the bottom and didn’t want to take a chance and plunge into nowhere. Think of it like rock climbing, without the harness. You’ve done it so many times with Grampa. I lowered my feet to the broad base and moved around until I could teleport to the next pillar.
Heading toward the brilliant light, going on instinct, I moved from one pillar to another, my fingers, hands, and arms smarting. Once, I almost lost my balance. Pebbles rolled from under my feet and took forever to reach the bottom. I swallowed hard, imagining other collapsed lava tubes below me, waiting to swallow me up. I took extra care with each teleport, sweat dripping down my face, hands hurting from the bruises I was collecting from the sharp, rocky surfaces. I wanted to curse Valafar for all my troubles, but I kept seeing Grampa and Bran’s faces. Unconscious. Helpless. Depending on me.
I worked my way past the stalagmites and pillars, the dazzling glow ahead calling to me, memories of my loved ones pushing me on. The light grew stronger and the thrumming louder. Or maybe it was just the blood rushing past my ears.
Once my eyes adjusted to the brightness, I realized the light shone from inside a chamber formed from a vertical lava tube. I could see the floor and the ground supporting the pillar I was hanging on to for dear life. I stepped down, staggered inside the chamber, and collapsed on the ground.
Breathing heavily, I looked at my hands and winced. They were bleeding, and my arms were raw. I couldn’t take a moment to catch my breath. Bran and Grampa’s faces floated in my head. I needed to find the dagger and get out of there.
I shielded my eyes and tried to locate the source of the brilliant green light and the deafening sound. I squinted, looked up, and I saw it, a bejeweled dagger so dazzling I had to avert my eyes. The glow came from the blade, the noise from its rapid twirl. The dagger spun so fast it looked like a disk.
Going on instinct, I raised my hand and pointed at it. “Stop.”
The blade slowed then came to a halt. It dangled in mid-air, held by a force I couldn’t fathom. An eerie silence filled the air now that the dagger had stopped moving. The clear crystal and wavy blade rose from a gilded hilt decorated with colorful stones. Chiseled inscriptions were patterned in green along it, and a prominent jadeite teardrop sat in the middle of the guard. The pommel, also gold, had tiny decorations I couldn’t decipher from my position, but the handle was black. The dagger was nothing like the replicas I saw at the dojo.
I opened my palm. “Come.”
It didn’t drop.
I focused harder. “Move.”
Again, it didn’t budge.
“Please?”
Nothing.
I tried again, and again, and again. My shoulders drooped in defeat, and I covered my face. I came all this way for nothing. What will happen to Bran and Grampa now?
I refused to give up. I closed my eyes and sought guidance from the light. The orbs appeared and coalesced, bathing me with their brilliance. A female voice as old as time itself resounded in my head, instructing me on what to say.
I raised my hand palm up and repeated the words. “By the Order of Xenia and Principalities, I command you to be champion of all that is good and true, protector of the innocent and the just. In return, I will be your guard and protector. No man or woman, mortal or immortal, shall command you unless I will it.”
The dagger floated down into my hand. I closed my palm around the hilt. A powerful jolt shot from the dagger’s hilt through me. I cried out at the pain. It grew in intensity. I dropped on my knees and tried to drop the dagger, but my fingers couldn’t move. The pain reached fever-pitch. I curled up on the floor, eyes closed, and silently begged the owner of the voice for oblivion. 
Then it stopped.
I opened my eyes and sat up. My fatigue disappeared. I felt energized. I noticed strange marking on my arms and hands. They looked like someone had written and drawn squiggles under my skin with black ink. As suddenly as they had appeared, they melted away. As the glow from the Kris Dagger, I realized the luminescence came from inscriptions on the blade.
Once again, I was cloaked in the darkness. But for the first time in my life, it didn’t bother me. I pushed the dagger into the sheath around my waist, turned, and froze.
Valafar watched me from across the width of the cave, an energy ball floating beside him. “Give me the dagger, Lilith.”


Chapter 24.  The Battle of the Mages


“No!” I said. The blade started to vibrate.
Valafar’s eyes fastened on the dagger, his face contorting with a mix of fascination and fear. He waved a black sheath with inscriptions, metal fasteners, and a strap. “The dagger must be placed in a special pouch with secure binding. Give it to me.”
I shook my head. “I can’t.”
“You can.” His voice was soft, suppliant.
“You told me it killed other Hermonites who tried to retrieve it. Even you couldn’t come this far until now. Or was that just another lie?” The vibrations were faster now.
“It wasn’t. Now that you have it, if you give it to me, it won’t harm me. That was the problem with Tariel. Coronis wanted the dagger, but he refused to give it to her. Instead he threw it down here and made it impossible for anyone to claim it. Coronis kept him alive for decades, hoping he’d relent. He didn’t. But she never gave up hope of one day possessing it. She swore that if she couldn’t breed the most powerful being on Earth, she’d find someone to wield that dagger. Right now, that person is you. To ensure your survival, I must have it. The dagger is the only thing that can kill Coronis.”
The female voice I’d heard before spoke to me again. The dagger draws its powers from the heart of its wielder. Pure hearts lead to good deeds, dark hearts to mayhem.
Valafar was the Duke of Chaos. The thought of what he could do with this dagger left me cold. I shook my head. “No. The dagger stays with me. We had a deal. Grampa and Bran’s powers for me. Honor your word, or I’m teleporting out of here. Alone.”
He glowered, his voice becoming brittle. “You’re not ready to wield such a powerful weapon, Lilith. And you can’t teleport out of here without me. The island has an impenetrable force field, unless you know how to avoid it. Give me the dagger. Once we finish off Coronis, we’ll head back to L.A. or the valley to help your grandfather and the Llyr boy.”
Liar. Anger washed over me. I reached down and wrapped my hand around the hilt. The blade started to glow, green light filtering from the edge of the sheath. “Step aside or I’ll attack.”
A tall figure stepped out of the shadows and stood between me and Valafar. “No, allow me.”
My eyes popped. Was I hallucinating? “Grampa?”
“I’m here, baby.” He didn’t turn, but he extended a hand toward me.
I ran to his side and wrapped my arms around him. For a moment, he cradled me close and pressed his lips to my temple. As if the dagger knew I was safe, the light dimmed, and the blade went still. “You’re okay. How did you find us?”
“Gavyn. Take her,” he said to someone without shifting his gaze from Valafar.
The other Cardinals came out of the gloom—Seth, Moira, Aunt Janelle, and Hsia—weapons in their hands. Moira created alpha balls. They lit up the cave like a Christmas tree. Where were the trainees? Bran? Hsia put a protective arm around me and nudged me away from Grampa’s side.
Valafar’s eyes dragged from me to Grampa. “How did you recover so quickly?”
“My granddaughter and her amazing capacity to love.” Grampa flashed a triumphant smile. “The entire time you were lying to her about who she is and her destiny, she stayed linked with me. While you drain powers, she replenishes. Ironic, isn’t it?”
I healed them? No wonder I felt woozy and fatigued just before Valafar teleported me to the cave. 
“Bran?” I whispered.
“He’s okay,” Hsia reassured me.
Valafar’s gaze flickered to me, longing in his eyes before they turned hard. “I only want what’s best for her, Falcon.”
“You want to use her,” Grampa retorted.
“You said we should let her choose, your side or mine. She chose to come with me.”
“To save my life and that of the boy she loves, while professing her choice to remain a Guardian no matter where she lived.”
I listened in shock. Grampa heard everything? And how could he ever think I’d want to choose between him and Valafar?
Valafar yanked his sword from the scabbard. The matte black blade had a serrated edge. The evil eyes of the flying raven at the hilt reflected the light and glowed red. He stepped forward and pointed the sword at Grampa. “She’s my daughter and I must protect her. I will not let you stand in my way.”
Grampa widened his stance, but he didn’t draw his sword. “You’re a hypocrite. Protect her from what? Nothing and no one has ever been a threat to her except you.”
“Coronis will not rest until she owns her and the dagger.”
Grampa shook his head. “So that’s your plan? Secure your position by handing her over to Coronis?”
“You know nothing of my plans,” Valafar bellowed. “I will protect her from Coronis, something you can’t do while chasing soul-reapers. Isn’t that how I got to your daughter and wife? You weren’t there to protect them.”
Grampa went silent. “Only a fool never learns from his mistakes. You’ll not take anything from me again, Valafar. We know what’s happening here on the island, the power struggle between nature-benders and Coronis’ raven-heads. As head of security, you’re caught in the midst of it. Handing over Lil and the dagger would make all the difference.”
“You’re wasting my time, old man. Now that I know Lil’s alive, you can’t keep me from her. Never.” Valafar’s voice was soft, yet the vow in his words chilled my bones.
I pulled the dagger from the sheath around my waist and gripped it hard. “Take it, Grampa.”
He spoke without looking at me. “I can’t. It chose you. It’s yours now. Valafar and I will come to an understanding; then we’ll go home. Go join the trainees.” He looked at Seth and nodded. Seth, Moira, and Aunt Janelle dematerialized.
“Where did they go?” I asked Hsia, trying not to panic.
Her grip tightened around me. “To get Bran’s sister. Gavyn’s waiting for them. Come along now.”
“No, I need to be here in case Grampa needs me or the dagger.” I shoved at her hands.
“No, Lil. Your grandfather is capable of dealing with Valafar.” Before I could say another word, she teleported with me to where I’d left Valafar earlier, at the entrance of the cave. “Stay here,” she ordered then disappeared.
“Lil,” Izzy yelled, drawing my attention.
The trainees swarmed around me, smothering me with hugs. Someone touched my arm. Another patted my back and hair.
“We thought you were a goner,” Kim said.
“That was a crazy thing you did,” Sykes added.
“Foolish but brave,” Remy added. “Is that it?”
I didn’t answer him. My eyes had found Bran. He stood still as a statue, the only movement his smoldering emerald eyes. He still wore the same bloody shirt, and dried blood smudged his face.
“It is.” I pressed the hilt of Xenia’s dagger in Remy’s hand and pushed passed him and the other trainees.
Bran jerked as though prodded. He met me halfway, locked his arms around me, and held tight. He smelled of blood and sweat, but I didn’t care. “I thought I’d never see you again.”
“But you swore you’d find me, no matter how many years it took,” he teased, his voice husky.
I leaned back and looked into his eyes. He heard me, including my confession of love. My face warmed. “I don’t understand how you heard me. When I left, you were—”
“Zonked out but healing, thanks to you. I tried to stop you several times, but you wouldn’t let me go. You just wouldn’t let go.” He sounded amazed.
Was the tug I’d felt his doing? I’d thought it was Valafar. I reached up and touched his face. The bruises were healed. “The weirdest thing is I had no idea I was doing anything.”
He frowned. “That makes it worse.”
“How?”
“With our matched energies and my weakened state, I could have drained all your energy. Without psi energy, your powers would disappear.”
I shrugged. “I felt a little weak—”
“You did? When? Did it hurt?”
“No, and I still have my powers.”
He scowled harder. “You sure?”
“How do you think I got the dagger? Besides, it restored me.” I understood the reason for his distress. He thought he broke the promise he made to me weeks ago about never taking my powers. “What you took, I gave willingly.”
He lowered his head, cupped my cheeks, and kissed me. I allowed myself to forget the misery of the last several hours and clung to him. He leaned back and pressed his forehead against mine.
“You’re the craziest girl I’ve ever met, Lil Falcon.”
I waited until the world stopped spinning and my breathing became normal before I responded. “Because I healed you and Grampa?”
He smiled. “Because you were willing to sacrifice yourself for us. Your grandfather is powerful. He would’ve healed on his own in a year or so.”
I blinked. “That long? And you?”
“Three years, give or take.”
Three years without him would have been torture. “Then I’m happy I did it.”
He touched my face with the tips of his fingers. “No. Don’t ever take a chance like that again. The very thought that I could have drained you dry scares the hell out of me.”
I rolled my eyes. He was agonizing over nothing. And I would do it again in a heartbeat. “How’s your rib?”
He rubbed his chest and grinned. “Healed. Gavyn took care of it. He’s a healer like Izzy. I self-heal but at a slower pace.”
I looked around for his brother then remembered what Hsia said. “He’s finally agreed to take Celeste off the island?”
Bran nodded. “He changed his mind once he heard that war’s looming between the nature-benders and Coronis’ loyalists.”
“And your mother?”
He frowned. “I don’t think she’ll want to leave. She’s loyal to Coronis. But with all this mess going on, she might—”
A rumbling shook the cave as though someone had thrown a live grenade down a lava tunnel. Pieces of lavacicles broke from the roof. Dust flew from the interior where the Guardians and Valafar were. My heart jumped to my throat, images of my grandfather’s mangled body flashing in my head. Before I could move a muscle, piercing clangs of metal hitting metal reverberated around the cave. Thump. More debris flew toward us.
“What was that?” I asked.
“That’s your grandfather and Valafar duking it out,” Remy answered.
“Battle of the mages,” Sykes added with a grin.
Horror rocketed through me. Grampa didn’t say anything about fighting Valafar. I pulled away from Bran.
His arms tightened around me. “Where are you going?”
“Grampa needs me. He can’t be strong enough to fight Valafar.” My eyes went to the blade, now in Kim’s hand. I opened my palm. Come. It flew from her hand to mine and started to glow.
Bran grabbed my arm. “No, Lil. Stay out of it.”
“Why?” I pushed at him, but his grip didn’t yield.
“Valafar killed your mother and grandmother. It’s your grandfather’s right to seek justice.”
More thuds rocked the cave, followed by flying debris. How long before the cave collapsed on us? “They’ll kill each other.”
Bran shook his head. “Hsia won’t let it come to that.”
I jerked my arm from his grip. “What’s the point of their fighting? It won’t bring Mom and Grandma back.”
“Your grandfather’s honor is at stake here. Wouldn’t you want retribution if someone you loved was murdered in cold blood? I would.”
I shook my head. “Have you any idea how crazy and hypocritical that sounds? A few seconds ago, you told me I shouldn’t have risked my life to save you and Grampa.”
“That’s different.”
“How? And you’d better not throw double standards at me.”
More thuds and tremors shook the ground, drowning my words. Shouts followed. “I loved her, you demented old fool.”
“And for that she had to die?” Grampa yelled back. “Did my wife deserve to die, too?”
“I made a mistake.” Clang. Clang. Thump-thump. “Haven’t you ever done something terrible in rage?”
“Never!”
The two men appeared across the gaping hole, both of them filthy, eyes glowing. From pillar to pillar, they slashed, parried, and dodged. Their blades moved so fast they were blurry. Clang. Clang. Clang. I cringed at every sound, my nerves stretching to screaming point.
“Do you think I like wearing the scar she gave me for show?” Valafar snarled. “I can make it disappear, but it’s a reminder of what I lost.”
“We all have scars. You deserve to have yours on your face for the world to see.” Grampa waved a hand. Thump. The rock Valafar gripped exploded.
In one smooth motion, the nature-bender jumped, an omni appearing above his left hand while he was in mid-air. He lobbed it at Grampa. Grampa ducked and teleported over the gaping hole. He rolled on the ground and landed on his feet. Behind him, the crimson ball blasted a hole in the wall, sending another shockwave and more debris through the cave.
This was insane. No, they were insane. So hell-bent on killing each other that nothing else mattered. “Stop it!” I yelled.
Clang…clang…clang.
I waved the dagger, and the beam shot above them. Valafar jumped back and hissed as though scalded. I swung the light away from him. “Stop, both of you. Mom and Grandma are gone, Grampa. Killing him will not bring them back.” My voice broke in a sob.
Grampa was breathing hard, his chest heaving, but he lowered his sword and scrubbed his face as though waking from a trance. His eyes changed from eerie green to normal.
I looked at Valafar, shook my head, and sighed. “I hardly know you so—”
“I am your father,” he roared.
I winced, feeling the pain in his words yet helpless to alleviate it. “I know. I’ve accepted it. But I’ll never be the person you want me to be.”
“Don’t say that,” he begged.
My heart pinched. “I’m sorry. I can’t fight for your side. I just can’t. You said you wanted me to choose sides. I’ll do it now. This,” I gave a sweeping wave that included Bran, the trainees, and the Cardinals, tears streaming down my face, “is my family. I’m a Guardian.”
“How can you decide without knowing what I can offer you?” The scar on Valafar’s face twitched, pulling one corner of his mouth up and his eye down. “Live with me for awhile. See what your life will be like before you choose.”
Silence followed.
The idea was preposterous, yet I could see how he’d think it was fair. “You already described what I should expect if I were to stay with you. Revenge on those who hurt me…commanding respect…the world at my feet…mortals and immortals bowing down to me.” My voice steadied. Tears slowed down to a trickle. “That’s just not me.”
His voice whipped out. “They’ve brainwashed you, turned you into a disrespectful child.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way.”
“Yeah, sorry.” His voice was low, but his thoughts were lethal. The bastard turned my child against me. With him out of the way, the others can’t stop me.
The Cardinals’ attentions were on me, including Grampa’s. No one saw Valafar lift his hand, the one without the sword, the one capable of creating omnis. His intent was clear. He was going to kill Grampa.
Don’t do it. I aimed my blade at him. The beam of light singed his wrist.
He dropped his sword and jumped back, rage burning in his eyes. You’d vanquish me? Your own father?
If you give me no choice.
The others yelled out something, but I didn’t catch their words. My eyes stayed locked with my father’s. His gaze narrowed, lips curled up into a smile. 
You’re a lot more like me than you think, my child. You’d kill to save those you love. Kill to avenge their death, the same thing I did to your mother when I thought she killed you. Remember that.
My hand shook. My breathing became choppy. I bit my lip to stop myself from calling him a liar. He was right. Our way of life was violent, and yes, I’d kill to save those I love. Nausea bubbled to my throat.
A hand landed on my wrist, another on my shoulder. Bran. He pushed my hand down until the dagger pointed to the ground. “Don’t. He’s not worth it,” he whispered.
I surged against him, my heart galloping hard. Across the cave, the Guardians surrounded Valafar. “Leave,” Grampa ordered him.
Surprise flashed across Valafar’s face. “You’re letting me go?”
“It’s my granddaughter’s wish. But come anywhere near her again, and I won’t be so generous.”
“She’s my—”
An enormous crash shook the ground, cutting Valafar off in mid-sentence. Everyone braced themselves as the rumbling continued.
Valafar’s gaze locked with mine one last time. Don’t let Coronis lock on your psi energy. No matter what happens. His sword leaped into his hand. He glanced at Grampa. “We must have a rematch sometime, old man.” Then he disappeared.

Chapter 25.  The Final Battle


I stared at where Valafar had stood, not understanding his warning. Did he think Coronis would come after me and the dagger? Wham-bam! Another crash rocked the ground. A fissure raced across the roof of the cave.
“Trainees, head home,” Grampa ordered, hurrying to my side. “Remember the point of entry—the Twin Peaks Pass, south of the island. Go in pairs. Watch each other’s back. If any Hermonite tries to stop you, take him down. We’ll find Seth and the others, and finish this.”
“Sir, we want to help,” Remy yelled to be heard above the thundering noise.
“Your turn will come, son. There are older trainees and mid-level Guardians out there to do this. Get out of here. That’s an order. Go!”
The words barely left Grampa’s mouth when the roof of the cave flew back with an earth-shattering bang. Snow, icy blocks, and rocks rained down on us. Caws and howls assaulted our ears. I gawked at the gaping hole, my heart hurtling to my throat. Fiery energy balls sailed across the moonlit sky and exploded like fireworks. Giant creatures with bat-like wings zipped back and forth, lobbing weapons and dodging hits. The unlucky ones dropped from the sky aflame and in screaming agony.
A shriek pierced the air and a red beam shot across the exposed cave. “I want the girl. Bring her and the dagger to me,” a woman thundered.
Coronis? My heart stopped.
Bolts of red light bombarded the exposed cave. Cries of pain and anger came from all around me, and I knew my friends had been hit. I didn’t feel anything. A force lifted us in the air and sent us flying. Bran’s grip loosened around my arm, and I was flung free, only to get a mouthful of snow as I skidded across the frozen ground. I rolled to my side, tucking my head and knees to avoid injuries. My back slammed against something hard. Pain shot through my body.
Hell had broken loose, and we were trapped in it.
I looked up and gulped. One of the giant creatures stared at me with yellow eyes. Human body. Head of a raven. Wings like a bat. Coronis’ guard? Spiked weapons hugged his arms and back, and the rubies on his black uniform gleamed wickedly at me. Both our gazes landed on the glowing dagger, which had been ripped from my hand when Coronis zapped us from the cave.
Come. The blade flew to my shaking hand.
“I found her,” the guard bellowed.
“Don’t hurt her. Bring her to me,” Coronis roared.
I waved a hand and zapped him as he reached for me. He slid backward on the ice, his beak opening and closing in incensed caws. I thrust the blade at him. “To Tartarus.”
The beam cut him in half. He burst into flames and howled as he disappeared into the snow. I rolled to my knees and scrambled to my feet, cold slipping through my thin clothing.
Someone called my name. I turned to see Bran flying toward me, wings flapping fast, sword swishing as he fought two raven-heads. A whirlwind of snow behind him swept anyone in its path. The twister, which appeared to be gaining momentum and widening, sucked in one of his attackers. The other burst into flame, impaled by Bran’s sword.
Give me your hand, he telepathed.
I raised my arm, but something hit my chest and hurled me through the air. I spun around and landed on the snow again, my bones rattling. I checked my chest and stomach, expecting a gushing wound or blazing flesh. There was nothing except for the throbbing pain from hitting the ground. I realized why. The dagger protected me from the direct hit. That explained why Coronis’ red rays had injured the others while I just felt the aftershock.
I scrambled to my feet, searched for Bran, Grampa, any one of our people. The place swarmed with fighters—in the air, on the ground, raven-heads, some with facial features of weird creatures, and angelic ones like the ones from the warehouse. It was impossible to tell Guardians and demons apart. I identified a few from their glowing green eyes and Moira from her hair. Moira lobbed giant-sized energy balls, the resulting light showing her face and the fangs protruding from her upper jaw. A Guardian blasted demons off their feet while others barraged them with arrows and ninja stars. Where were the trainees, Grampa, Aunt Janelle? Did Gavyn make it out with Celeste?
Someone sent a half dozen Hermonites flying. Grampa. His left arm hung off his shoulder at a weird angle. Was he hurt? I started toward him. He yelled something to me and leveled his weapon at a woman. Coronis? Ash-blonde hair whipping around her pale, narrow face, a blood-red gown garish against the white snow, she had to be at least seven feet tall. I followed the lights streaming into her extended fingers, and my heart stopped. The demoness was draining powers from Remy, Kim, and Sykes. Our gazes locked. Her eyes, red and blazing, shot pure terror through me.
My muscles seized. Where was Grampa?
“Kill her.” I recognized Valafar’s voice.
I couldn’t. I was frozen in place. As if she knew, Coronis threw back her head and let out a maniacal laugh. Then she was gone, along with the trainees. The evil sound of her laughter bounced off the mountains surrounding the island.
“Follow her,” Valafar yelled.
A surge of adrenaline shot through me. I turned to find him. He and his fellow nature-benders wore white fur coats, blending in with the landscape. “To where?” I yelled.
“The castle. I’ll find Falcon. We’ll be right behind you.”
A shadow loomed over me, and arms plucked me off the ground. Bran. We shot upward, the icy wind stinging my eyes. Behind us Coronis’ guards swarmed. “Head to the castle,” I yelled.
“No. Your grandfather ordered me to take you to the pass and head home.”
“We can’t leave yet. Coronis has the trainees. She took them to her castle.”
“I’ll come back and tell your grandfather.”
“There’s no time. Teleport me to the castle first. Then come back and find him. Did Gavyn and Celeste make it off the island?”
“I don’t know.” He muttered a curse and teleported. One minute we were above the battle ground, the next in a courtyard outside a castle carved into the rocky surface of the mountain. Semi-circular stairs led to the portico. The raven-heads appeared behind us. There were so many. No way could we fight them all and rescue the trainees, too.
Bran landed and lowered me to the ground. The raven-heads followed, their boots crashing ice as they drew closer, weapons drawn.
“Push the blade into the ground and order it to freeze everything,” Bran said.
“What?”
“It’s something my grandfather told my dad. He’d been trying to master it when he was captured. Try it. See if it works.”
Sure, why not? I raised the dagger and drove it into the frozen ground. It slid in like a knife through butter. Freeze the demons.
A pulse rippled through the ground like an earthquake, and one by one, the raven-heads in the courtyard froze in place. The din from the battleground disappeared. Wherever she was, I hoped Coronis couldn’t move her evil butt. The flyers, I noticed, were still moving. Going on instinct, I pulled the blade from the ground and pointed to the sky. Freeze!
Green light shot from the blade and whizzed through the sky like a launched rocket. It exploded in mid-air, spreading out like an umbrella over the valley skies. One by one, the flyers froze, along with their energy balls.
I looked at Bran and gulped. He was frozen, too. I waved the beam on him. Move.
He blinked at me, and then his eyes narrowed. “Did you…?”
I grimaced. “Yeah…sorry. I wish I knew it could do that back there in the battlefield. How long will they stay frozen?”
“I don’t know. Just promise not to zap me again.”
“Promise. Come on. Let’s get the trainees.” I skirted around the frozen guards. “Hopefully, Coronis is frozen, too.”
Bran gripped my arm and pulled me to a stop. “We need to get your grandfather and the others just in case she’s not.”
I tried to pull my arm away, but his grip tightened. “I hesitated, Bran. It’s my fault she has them.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Earlier, I came face to face with Coronis and froze. I could have taken her out. Because of me, she took the others.” I yanked myself free and ran up the stairs.
“You can’t blame yourself. She’s powerful and intimidating. To do this right, we need the Cardinals.”
“Valafar said he’d find Grampa, but he’s probably frozen, too. You go and find them. I’ll be inside. Find Gavyn and Celeste, too.”
Bran muttered a curse as he pulled out his sword. “No. I’m not leaving you here alone.”
I stopped. “Saving Celeste is your first priority. Go find her.”
“Keeping you safe is my first priority. Let’s go.”
He was crazy, but there was no time to point that out. We raced to the entrance of the castle. The massive doors were open, but the hall was dark. A shaft of light fell from one of the rooms. We headed toward it. The glow and the vibrations from the wavy blade intensified. It lit up the rotunda with its massive pillars and statues of Coronis. As we approached the open door, I spied red carpets, stained glass windows, and gilded mirrors. Bran, a little ahead of me, muttered a curse. Blood drained from my head when I saw why.
Coronis, eyes glowing red, stood before an ornate throne, white light streaming from the eyes of at least three dozens of guards into hers. She gripped a dagger similar to mine, except the wavy blade was red.
The trainees were nowhere to be seen.
Even frozen, she still drained people’s powers. A groan came from Bran, and I whipped around. He was on his knees, his hands clutching his head. The evil bitch was draining his powers, too. The dagger must be protecting only me.
I searched for Bran’s psi energy. He was strong, but she was draining him fast. Rage exploded through my body. No, she will not have him. Knees shaking, hands clammy, I aimed.
Her head turned like an owl’s. Evil eyes locked onto me. “Did you think you could freeze me, you stupid girl?”
I let her have it. The force sent her flying across her opulently decorated throne room. She spun in the air, her shrieks of outrage filling the room. Red light shot from her weapon and cut across the room, leaving behind scorch marks on the walls and furniture, breaking glass and mirrors, and sending shards flying.
I didn’t teleport out of the lethal rays fast enough and got hit. The impact threw me against the wall. I crashed down a few feet from the trainees, piled up against the wall like sardines. Dazed and disoriented, I struggled to my feet and just managed to get away from another blast of her death ray. It was impossible to hurt her when she had a shield. Every time I tried to get her, she teleported out of the way or recovered faster than I did. I needed help. I looked around for inspiration, anything to distract her while I revived my friends.
“Give me the dagger, and I’ll let you and your friends live,” she screeched.
“No. Let them leave, and then I will give it to you,” I yelled back.
Her eyes narrowed. “You don’t dictate terms to me, you little imbecile. Do you know who I am?”
I didn’t answer. I was studying the guards on the floor and remembering my conversation with Bran. I hope the dagger would follow my orders, however insane.
“I’m Coronis, an immortal, the most powerful being in all the worlds. Unstoppable and invincible, demons tremble in my presence…”
I aimed the beam at the guards. Revive, get up, and attack her.
I dove behind her throne as the guards stirred and jerked to their feet like zombies. Coronis stopped bragging. Her howls filled the chamber as the guards flocked to her. She sent them flying across the room one by one. They landed, stood, and went after her again.
I sprayed Bran with light. “Restore.” He stirred and staggered to his feet. I turned and radiated the trainees. They jerked into consciousness, looking around with dazed eyes. Their gazes landed on Coronis battling the zombies and then on me.
I pointed at the entrance. “Go! Before she notices you. Get help.”
“No, we’ll finish this here and now,” Remy yelled back. He waved at shards from the floor and turned them into tiny, sharp weapons. “Get ready, Kim.”
Kim swung her hands around, churning the air. “I’m ready when you are.”
“This should go down in history.” Sykes generated an alpha ball, left it daggling in the air, and created another, and another, and another…until tens of them hovered above and in front of him.
“Trap her rays with yours, and we’ll finish her off,” Bran said from beside me, his wings swelling and eyes turning crimson. He looked behind me, his eyes widening.
I whipped around to face Coronis and gulped. The guards were gone, scorch marks the only evidence they were once there. And her dagger was aimed at me. A shrill barrage of words spewed from her mouth. Her wings whooshed out from behind her, the force whisking objects around the room like a tempest. Like her guards, she didn’t have a single feather on her wings. Her features shifted until her face and head became like a bald raven’s—grotesque. The torn fabric of her dress clung to her bony body.
“Valafar is an idiot for not telling me about you,” Coronis sneered, her voice a cross between human and a raven’s caw. “If I’d known of your existence, I would’ve done anything to find you, raise you as my own. We would’ve ruled the world, side by side. Now I must treat you the way I did Tariel. Keep you and your friends here like animals, breed you to whomever I please. This time, I will own and command my father’s ultimate creation.”
I raised my hand and pointed the dagger at her. “You’ll have to pry it out of my dead fingers,” I shouted.
A shaft of red light shot from her blade toward me. I watched it draw closer and closer as though someone had slowed time. A glowing green stream shot out from my dagger and collided with hers, resulting in a blinding orange flame with purple swirls. The glow filled the room, hissing as it hovered in the air and making it difficult to see what the others were doing.
“That’s my dagger. The Guardians had it for thousands of years. It’s my turn,” she shrieked.
A loud thud reverberated in the hall as needle-sharp objects flew across the room and sunk into Coronis’ body. They popped right out of her, the wounds closing and healing instantly. Kim and Remy threw more darts.
Coronis’ skin started to shrivel as Bran curled his fingers toward her and drained water from her body. With less and less liquid, she couldn’t discharge Remy’s micro weapons, and her wounds stopped self-healing. She tried to shift her dagger and zap the others, but my green beam trapped hers in a gridlock. She shrieked and cursed as the green light swallowed her red one. It drew closer toward her hand until it reached the blade, consumed it, and then lit the guard. She let go of what was left of her weapon with a cry.
Her eyes bulged in horror when she caught her reflection in one of the cracked mirrors in the room. Bran had turned her into a living corpse. She cupped her face with wrinkled hands. Her beak opened and closed but the only sounds that came out were caws.
Sykes’ sizzling orbs slammed into her and pushed her against the wall. Her shriveled body absorbed the energy. She swelled and heaved, glowed green, orange, then red. Footsteps raced toward the throne room.
“She’s going to implode and suck everything down with her,” Grampa shouted. “Teleport to the pass. Go! Go! Go!”
Someone snatched me and tucked me in protective arms. I closed my eyes tight. The hairs on my skin rose as biting winter air replaced the warmth of the throne room. A rumble shook the ground under my feet, and then silence followed. I didn’t move. Couldn’t move. My body shook so hard my teeth rattled.
After what seemed like forever, feathers tickled my face. My eyes popped open. Bran had wrapped his arms and wings around me. He was also shaking. I checked his psi energy. He was bruised again, but nothing serious. I looked around. We were in a gorge, snow covering the alpine slopes on either side of us. Hundreds of Guardians dotted the area, talking, laughing, and telepathing. They did it. Coronis and her followers were gone forever. There were injuries but no one seemed bothered. Where is Grampa—?
He appeared before I completed my thought.
“Is the castle gone?” Seth asked.
“And most of the island and the people, too,” Grampa answered.
I wasn’t sure how I felt about Valafar’s demise. That was something I’d think about later. “Did Celeste and…?”
“Did my brother and sister make it?” Bran asked at the same time.
“Yes, they did. Gavyn took her to L.A.” Grampa nodded at everyone. “Our work here is done, Cardinals. Let’s go home.”


Epilogue


The doorbell rang and my eyes went to the clock by my bedside. I put the hairbrush down on the dresser and hurried to open the front door.
“You’re not dressed?” Izzy asked. “The party is in less than an hour.”
“And you’re the guest of honor.” Kim gave the living room a sweeping glance. She hadn’t been to my house since we moved in a few days ago because she and her mother had gone home to Xenith for a week. They just got back last night. “Nice furniture,” she said.
“Thanks.”
“We brought makeup and the curling iron,” Izzy added.
“I can do my own makeup and hair.”
“Sure you can.” They brushed past me and entered my bedroom, which was through a short hallway to the left of the living room. Both girls wore skinny black pants, high-heels, and silky tops—Izzy’s was turquoise and Kim’s fuchsia. They must have decided to tone down their styles for the sakes of their parents, who’d be at the party along with the Cardinals and Guardian camps from around the world. Everyone wanted to celebrate Coronis’ demise.
“You did an amazing job in here,” Izzy said.
Kim looked around. “Lemon walls, mismatched furniture… Where did you pick up this stuff?” Garage sale?
“I heard that. If you must know, in an antique catalogue. I like a mixture of the old and the new.” My antique bed, dresser, and the wicker chair with colorful cushions balanced the modern lounge, the TV, the computer, and the printer.
Kim picked up a moss-colored chair and checked the tag. “You should have gone with a canopy bed and a more colorful décor.”
Izzy laughed. “Like your fuchsia and magenta bedroom? That’s so not Lil. When I move into my own place, I’m going all out. Each room will have a theme.” She patted the vanity and stood in front of the dresser. “Sit, Lil.”
“Is this what you’re wearing tonight?” Kim fingered the teal skirt with matching tights. Intricate gold designs dotted the hem and the slit that came to the waist. The gold and teal tank top had puffed up sleeves and was short enough to leave my midriff bare. And the matching scarf had gold coins dangling from the edges.
“I haven’t decided yet. What do you think,” I asked.
“It’s nice.” She sounded surprised.
Izzy glanced over. “Nice? It’s gorgeous. That’s gypsy, right?”
I nodded. “It used to belong to my mother.” I plucked the picture of my mother from my dresser drawer. “See? She’s wearing it in this photograph.”
They looked at the picture then gave me puzzled looks. “But you said you didn’t have pictures of her except that one.” Kim pointed at the framed photograph I always kept by my bed.
“I didn’t. This one came in the mail yesterday along with the dress,” I added in a whisper.
They stared at me with rounded eyes when realization dawned on them. Kim dropped the dress like it was diseased and stepped away from my bed. “Valafar.”
“He’s alive?” Izzy whispered.
I nodded. “I mean, who else could have sent them?”
“Does your grandfather know?” Kim asked.
I shook my head. “I want to tell him, but I don’t know how. Maybe I should just burn the dress. On the other hand, it was hers and…and…”
“You want to hold on to something of hers,” Izzy finished.
I nodded and braced myself for their verdict. Silence followed. I scrunched my face. “What do you guys think? Should I?”
Kim gave an exasperated sigh and shook her head. “I wouldn’t keep it if I were you. I know Valafar is your father and he told you where Coronis had taken us during that mess last week, but the fact remains that he’s evil. People don’t change overnight, let alone demons.”
I winced at her brutal response. “No, of course they don’t.”
As if the subject was closed, Kim picked up a bottle of cream from my dresser, opened, and sniffed it. She scooped some and rubbed her hands. I turned to Izzy and caught her watching Kim with narrowed eyes.
“I disagree,” Izzy said. “The outfit was your mother’s, Lil. Something to remember her by. Yes, Valafar may be a duke in the devil’s hierarchy, but he loved her once. And he obviously wants you to have her things. I say keep it.”
“What if it has some demonic energy to lure Lil to his side?” Kim asked in a hard voice.
I rolled my eyes. “I already swiped it with the Kris, like, ten times. It didn’t combust or anything like that.”
Izzy gave me a thumbs up. “Good for you. Did it come with a letter? A card?”
“Just the picture. No return address. The postmark on the package said L.A. and I just assumed it was one of the things I’d ordered. I didn’t check the name on it until after I opened the box; otherwise I would’ve known it came from him. He’s the only one who calls me Lilith.”
Izzy stepped back and studied my face with critical eyes. “Like I said, keep it. Wear it. You sure you don’t want help with your hair?”
I shook my head. “No, thanks.”
As Kim started for the door, her gaze went to the dress on my bed. “I think you two are wrong, but,” she shrugged, “why listen to me. See you at the party.”
Izzy made a face. Her expression said, “I don’t know what her problem is.”
After they left, I searched for Grampa. He was at the HQ. I changed into the gypsy outfit, brushed my hair, and tied the scarf. I studied my mother’s picture and compared it with my reflection. Except for my hair color and darker skin tone, I looked just like her.
“You look lovely.”
I jumped at Grampa’s voice. I hadn’t broken the habit of leaving my door ajar despite moving from the trailer and my shoebox bedroom. “You think so?” I turned.
He leaned against the doorway and crossed his arms. He’d already changed into a suit, the only one in his closet. “You look just like your grandmother, a Kalderasha princess.”
I grinned. I walked to where he stood and showed him Mom’s picture. “It came in the mail with the dress.”
He studied the picture without touching it and then closed his eyes and sighed. “I know.”
I didn’t bother asking him how he knew. He probably knew Valafar was alive before I received the dress. Was he disappointed I’d tried it on? When Grampa’s lids lifted, his eyes were sad, like an old man who’d fought too many battles and lost. Guilt punched me in the gut. “Are you angry with me? I can remove it and burn it if you want me to,” I added.
Grampa shook his head. “No. I understand you have questions, and he appears to have the answers. Just don’t mistake his need to manipulate for love. You can’t trust him.”
I nodded. “I know.”
He fingered the gold coins framing my face. “Your grandmother bought this outfit for Tatiana when she was your age. They both loved it.”
A lump formed in my throat. To wear this dress on the day I was presented to Council members from around the world as a Guardian trainee was poetic justice. Guardians never accepted my grandmother because she was a gypsy. Would they accept me now that everyone knew my father was a demon? I bet no other Guardian had a dysfunctional family like mine.
“I think she would’ve wanted you to have it,” Grampa said.
“Really?” He nodded. I leaned forward and kissed his cheek. “Thanks, Grampa.”
“For what?”
“For being such a wonderful grandfather. Love you.”
He patted my arm and smiled. “Same here, baby.” He turned and walked toward his bedroom.
I went back to the mirror. I loved the dress, but part of me wondered what Valafar hoped to achieve by giving it to me? To sway me to his side? Never in a million years.
I was checking my reflection for the umpteenth time when Bran’s energy brushed mine. I smiled. Where are you?
Outside. Are you ready for the party?
Come in and find out.
He laughed. Where are you?
I’m in my bedroom.
He appeared in the mirror, his dimpled smile flashing. My breath caught. He looked drop dead gorgeous in black slacks and a green silk shirt. His hair fell in a wavy mass around his beautiful face.
I stood, and his eyes widened at my outfit. I didn’t give him a chance to say anything. I floated into his arms and kissed him. He cupped my cheeks and took over. I wrapped my arms around his neck and poured all my love and yearning for him into the kiss, my heart pounding and knees turning into noodles. He leaned back and guided my head to his chest. For a moment, I listened to his pounding heart and smiled.
He stepped back, studying me from head to toe and back up again. “Wow.”
I spun around, the skirt frothing around my ankles. “You like?”
“No. I hate,” he answered with a deadpan expression.
“What?”
He laughed, wrapped his arms around my waist, and whirled me around. His beautiful laughter was infectious, and I found myself grinning. I hated it when he teased me. I was never sure whether he was serious or not.
He sprawled on the lounge, taking up most of the space, and pulled me down beside him. “You look amazing. If Sykes drools on you, I’ll punch his ugly nose.”
I rolled my eyes. “He doesn’t have an ugly nose.”
“Does too. And his teeth are a little crooked.”
His jealousy of Sykes was baseless. “So are mine.”
“On you, they look gorgeous.” He lifted my chin and pressed his lips to mine in a gentle, lingering caress. I closed my eyes and let him mesmerize me.
When he stopped, I waited until my heart wasn’t threatening to explode before I spoke. “I love you.”
“I know.”
I giggled. He had no modesty, and he’d never told me he loved me even though I knew he did. I didn’t mind waiting for him to get around to it. “I wish Gavyn would let you live here.”
He shrugged. “He’s coming around. I mean, he allows me to come here and hunt with the Cardinals. We’ve got to give him credit for that. The rift among the Hermonites won’t affect the demon world for long, and he’ll want to head back to L.A. and his old life as soon as things calm down. If he does, I’m free to live wherever I want. If he stays in Park City, I stay. That’s what we agreed on for Celeste’s sake.”
Bran’s determination to save his brother from a demonic lifestyle was admirable. I just hated that they lived in a different town. Even Grampa wanted him to relocate to the valley and join the Guardianship program.
“Celeste would love living here,” I murmured.
“I know.”
Grampa cleared his throat, and we looked up. He watched us from my bedroom doorway. “Nice to see you’re ready too, son.”
Bran hustled to his feet. “Evening, sir.”
“At ease. Where’s your sister?”
“She’s at home with Gavyn.”
“See if they want to join us. We couldn’t have made it in and out of Coronis Isle without Gavyn’s help, and I plan to tell anyone listening tonight.” Grampa disappeared from the doorway.
Bran blew out air and shook his head. “Whoa.”
“I think he’s just joined your battle,” I said.
“What battle?”
“The battle to save your brother from himself.”
Bran leaned down and gave me a resounding kiss. “Have I told you I love you?”
I grinned, my heart skipping. “No.”
“I do. Very much. Wait right here.”
He dematerialized and left me with sappy grin on my face. I knew he’d come around to telling me he loved me. And whether Gavyn liked it or not, Bran would be the next Cardinal Water Guardian, the position his grandfather held until fifty years ago. As for Gavyn, the poor demon didn’t stand a chance against my grandfather. Grampa would have him fighting with the Cardinals before he knew what hit him.

The End 


Biography

Ednah is the author of The Guardian Legacy series, a YA fantasy series about children of the fallen angels, who fight demons and protect mankind. AWAKENED, the prequel was released in September 2010 with rave reviews. BETRAYED, book one in the series was released by her new publisher Spencer Hill Press in June 2012 and HUNTED, the third installment, was released April 2013. FORGOTTEN, the next book will be released early 2015. She’s presently working on the last book in the series, tentatively titled, VINDICATED.
Ednah also writes New Adult paranormal romance. RUNES is the first book in her new series. IMMORTALS (book 2) was released three months later. GRIMNIRS (book 2.5) is the bridge between book 2 and 3—SEERESS. Ednah is presently working on book 4, tentatively titled, WITCHES.
Under the pseudonym E. B. Walters, Ednah writes contemporary romance. SLOW BURN, the first contemporary romance with suspense, was released in April 2011. It is the first book in the Fitzgerald family series. Since then she has published six more books in this series. She's presently working on book seven.
You can visit her online at www.ednahwalters.com or www.ebwalters.com. She’s also on Facebook, twitter, ya-twitter, Google-plus, RomanceBlog, and YAblog.

