










SPELLWEAVER
















Book One of the Spellweaver Chronicles
 
CJ BRIDGEMAN













Spellweaver
(Book One of the Spellweaver Chronicles)

Copyright: CJ Bridgeman
Published: 21st October 2013

The right of CJ Bridgeman to be identified as author of this Work has been asserted by her in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. You must not circulate this book in any format.



1.

The classical music playing over the sound system echoed in the ears of Felicity Lucas as she followed her mother’s coffin into the church.
It seemed like she was watching a film, observing someone else’s misery as a stranger, an outsider. Even as she passed the faces of people she knew, people she vaguely recognised and others she didn’t know at all, even as she saw the sympathy pouring out of their eyes in waves, she still felt detached from it all. She didn’t even feel sad, and that was the saddest thing of all.
The service passed in a blur. Felicity spent the entire time with her eyes focused ahead of her, staring at nothing. She didn’t listen to much, but she was aware of the minister talking for a little while, and then there was some singing. She didn’t join in.
Afterwards, there was a reception at the pub next door. Felicity sat alone at a table in the corner. To begin with, people kept on coming up to her, saying how sorry they were, encouraging her to ‘be strong’ and  that at least she still had her father. Someone even bought her a lemonade, and then they settled for standing by the bar and flicking confused glances and enquiring stares in her direction. She was a strange girl, they said. She didn’t speak to anyone. Didn’t even cry when he mother died. An odd one.
Eventually they started to ignore her altogether and she faded into the background. She was good at that.
After about an hour and once the majority of the people had left, taking their well wishes and opinions with them, Felicity’s father sat next to her.
“Are you ready to go?” he asked quietly.
Felicity didn’t respond.
Her father nodded to himself. “I put all your suitcases in the car. Everything you couldn’t bring is still at your mother’s; I suppose the solicitors will sort that out.” He looked at her for a moment, and then he stood up and began to make his way to the door. It was clear that Felicity was supposed to follow, so she did.
Her father’s car smelt of dust and cigarettes. Felicity peered through the dirt smeared windows at the passing scenery that was so different from home. Her father made one or two attempts at conversation but it was clear that he didn’t really know what to say or how to say it, so he eventually gave up and drove on in silence.
Their destination was a tall block of flats on a busy road lit by bright street lamps, illuminating everything that you did and did not want to see. The block itself was concrete and pebbledash, grey and miserable like the funeral had been. Felicity followed her father up several flights of steps until they reached what was to be her new home.
It smelt of dust and cigarettes. Her father gave her a brief tour of the place, which consisted of an open plan lounge, dining room and kitchen, a bathroom, one double bedroom and, finally, what was to be her bedroom, which was small and boxlike. Although it was obvious that some attempt had been made to tidy up, the flat was messy. The furniture was old. The walls probably hadn’t been painted since the block was first decorated and the olive green bathroom suite looked like it had been installed in the seventies. As for Felicity’s new room, it looked more like a prison than the personal, private haven that every teenage girl’s bedroom should be. The bedsheets didn’t match the pillow cases. The metal bed dipped in the middle. The blinds over the window were stuck at an uneven angle.
Felicity’s father placed her bags and suitcases on the floor and looked at her. After a moment, Felicity walked slowly into the room, almost tripping over a loose floorboard in her path, and sat down on the bed. It creaked.
Silence followed. And then: “I suppose you’ll want to be on your own, then.”
He left the room, closing the door behind him.
A lorry passed by on the busy road outside. It was a late afternoon in summer, but the weather so far had not been kind and there was a chilly breeze coming in through the window, which appeared to be stuck open.
Ignoring the bags and suitcases demanding her attention, Felicity lay back on the bed and stared at the textured ceiling. A spider was busy making its home in the corner, weaving the delicate web with precision and care. The creature was lucky, Felicity thought, that it had the liberty of choice when selecting a location to live, for that had certainly been out of her control. But then, a great many things had been out of her control recently. She had been unable to stop her mother from dying, she couldn’t prevent the move to her father’s flat; she hadn’t even managed to shed a single tear on the day of her mother’s funeral. Things were changing.
What Felicity Lucas didn’t realise was that from this day on, her life was going to change in ways she could scarcely imagine.

2.

Felicity stared at her reflection in the mirror, and her pale, unsmiling face stared back. There had not been many smiles in the two weeks since she had moved into her father’s flat; in fact, Felicity was hard pressed to think of any at all. The state of her room had slightly improved since she unpacked, but she had fairly little in terms of sentimental items and the lack of wardrobe meant her clothes were on hangers on the door, over the window and flung loosely on the furniture. She did have a picture of her mother in a frame on her bedside desk, but it had come from the funeral, not her home. Felicity didn’t even know who had framed it. 
There was a knock at her bedroom door and then it was opened by her father. Felicity looked at him in the mirror.
“It’s quarter past eight,” he told her. “School starts in fifteen minutes.” When his daughter didn’t respond, he beckoned her with a nod. “Come on. I’ll drive you.”
The school was only a ten minute walk away, but Felicity obediently picked up her satchel and followed her father to the old car.
The journey was brief and silent, but Felicity’s father had become used to that by now. He had thought that the flat would become chaotic and noisy with a teenager around, but somehow it felt quieter, even emptier. It was not at all what he had expected. However, the girl had just lost her mother, so maybe that was understandable. Maybe she would get better once she got out of the flat and made some friends.
Teenagers dressed in the recognisable dark green blazer soon littered the streets, indicating that they had reached the school. Like the rest of the buildings in the neighbourhood, it was not a new construction, yet it wasn’t old enough to have any character that would make it charming or beautiful. The walls were dirty and the coloured panels beneath the windows had faded over time. The metal sign by the front gate was suffering from a severe case of rust, but Felicity could just make out the words: Greenfields High School - In Our Hands We Hold The Future. 
She must have sat in the passenger seat for some time, because her father mistook her absent stare for nerves and said: “Don’t worry. It’ll be fine.”
Felicity nodded. “Thank you for driving me,” she said politely, and got out of the car, almost immediately lost within the sea of students. 
With a sigh, her father drove away.
The interior of the school building was quite dark, although the day was warm and sunny. Felicity made her way to the reception desk, where there stood an incredibly busy woman talking on the phone, gesturing at students and filing paperwork, seemingly all at once. It was only eight twenty-five but already she looked ready to go home. Felicity stood patiently by the desk and waited for the woman to notice her.
When she did, she greeted her with a smile. “And what can I do for you, dear?” As Felicity opened her mouth to answer, the woman’s attention was suddenly diverted. “Callum Johnson! Get off that piano!”
Felicity turned to see a boy of about fourteen or fifteen sitting on top of an old and rather dilapidated grand piano in the reception area, laughing with his friends. “But Miss, I’ve always wanted to learn piano!” he joked. “Maybe you could teach me?” 
The receptionist seemed unimpressed, and placed her hands on her hips defiantly. “I mean it, Callum!”
Still laughing, the boy identified as Callum Johnson hopped down from the piano and nudged his friends, who followed him away down the corridor. As he passed Felicity, he winked.
“And don’t forget your appointment with Mr Oakley this afternoon!” the woman shouted after him, and then she turned back to Felicity. “I’m sorry dear,” she said. “That boy will be the death of me, I swear! What was it you wanted?”
“I’m new,” Felicity replied, handing her a piece of paper. “Felicity Lucas.”
The woman peered at the paper through her spectacles. “Ah yes, I remember,” she said. “You’ve been placed in 10G. Let’s see if I can find someone to show you - oh! Hollie!” She began calling and waving to a group of girls who were chatting excitedly amongst themselves. At the mention of her name, one of them skipped daintily over to the reception desk. She was blonde and was carrying a handbag that looked far too small to contain any exercise books or school equipment. Most of the students seemed to wear their uniform somewhat inappropriately, but Hollie was the absolute master of them all; whereas other girls wore their skirts far too short and had their shirts untucked, Hollie wore a tight fitting black pencil skirt and had rolled up the sleeves of her blazer to about three quarters of their original length. Her heels put about six extra inches on her height and she wore the biggest pair of gold earrings that Felicity had ever seen. Her hair had been styled on top of her head like a yellow watermelon with various strands hanging at either side. Her friends, who were standing in a huddle around her, were clearly trying to imitate her style, some more successfully than others. None of them did it quite as well as Hollie.
“Yes, Miss?” she said as she arrived at the reception desk, flashing a perfect smile.
“This is Felicity. She’s new here and has been placed in your form group. Could you take her there for me please?” 
“Of course I can, Miss!” the girl said happily, and turned to Felicity. “Welcome to Greenfields! You’re lucky that you’ve been placed in the best tutor group in, like, the universe. We win Sports Day every year, you know.”
Felicity stared.
“Oh don’t worry, I know that Greenfields seems a little scary, especially when you’re joining half way through, but you’ll get used to it. And having Hollie Clarke as your guide is like, a total bonus. Just hang with me and you’ll be fine. I’ll tell you everything you need to know.”
Unaccustomed to this kind of attention, Felicity squirmed uncomfortably. She preferred to keep herself to herself, and this had always proved a success since her peers at her previous school had barely noticed her. That was how she liked it. But here she was, faced with a girl with an astounding ability to talk and a clear reluctance to allow Felicity to do anything on her own. She was like no one Felicity had ever met.
And then she made things even worse by slipping her arm around Felicity’s, locking the two of them together. “10G is this way, Fliss,” she said. “I can call you Fliss, can’t I?”
Felicity was rather painfully aware that she had little choice in the matter.

Much of the school day passed as a blur to Felicity. She was vaguely aware of being present in a few lessons, moving through crowded corridors and filling up her satchel with books, paper and random pieces of stationery that would apparently be necessary for her education at some point during the year. She listened to teachers, she made notes - and Hollie was there the entire time, telling her everything she needed to know about Greenfields High School.
“Miss Anderson sets brutal homework but it’s all for show,” she was saying during that morning’s English lesson. “She thinks it makes her look good to the parents, but she never makes us do it. And she never gives detention. She did put a piece of my work on display, though. There, on the far wall - do you see it? ‘The Role of Fashion in Great Expectations’. I was mega proud of that piece. I got a C!”
Hollie had continued in this way every lesson, giving Felicity few opportunities to be alone. Still, she felt she learnt more about the school in those three short hours than she could recall about her entire three years at her old school. Hollie told her all about the neighbourhood, which was one of London’s poorest and most deprived, and the school was a reflection of that. There was apparently little point in refurbishing the classrooms, redecorating the walls with a fresh lick of paint and replacing the furniture, for it was inevitable that these things would once again become damaged. Carpets were stained, lockers dented and lights no longer worked. The gym was currently closed due to an ‘accident’ involving improper use of the equipment - and today was only the first day of term.
Despite the negative impression she was giving of the school, Hollie seemed oddly jovial as she discussed all she knew. It was clear that although she recognised the state the place was in, she was comfortable with it - and so was everyone else. They were satisfied with the mediocrity of their education and the failures of their teachers; these were things that Hollie frequently joked about. It was very, very different to the world that Felicity had come from. She had been used to strict rules, silence in every lesson and nothing but the most perfect behaviour. Teachers rarely joked, and when they did it was usually about something the students didn’t understand, for it was clear that they were incredibly intelligent. Felicity wasn’t stupid, but she had often found things difficult to follow at her old school. Constant study to catch up had been a welcome distraction from social interaction with the other girls.
But she didn’t talk about any of that and she was glad that Hollie didn’t ask. If nothing else, the girl had given her the perfect distraction from recent events.
What else was clear was that Hollie was well known throughout Greenfields. Other students stopped to talk to her in the corridors, and she always welcomed them with a bright smile. Upon seeing her for the first time that morning in the corridor, shadowed by her friends, Felicity had felt slightly intimidated and anxious. It wasn’t just the crowd of people but Hollie’s seemingly unwavering confidence and the power that that seemed to weave. Felicity had seen that power before, and been victim to its abuse. But it was clear that Hollie was different, for other students didn’t look at her that way; everyone seemed to want to be her friend. She had no shortage of partners for classroom tasks, but thus far had insisted on working with Felicity. They had been teamed up as ‘buddies’, so she told everyone; she was looking after her, showing her around and making sure she didn’t get lost. It was treatment that Felicity was not used to.
When the bell sounded for lunchtime, the two of them - tailed, as always, by Hollie’s entourage - headed for the canteen, which was another glistening example of the problems Greenfields had. The lunch queue was being poorly controlled by a couple of teachers who seemed to have given up and were reprimanding only the smallest of students. Boys dodged between the tables, bashing their schoolbags into anyone and anything that got in their way. Amidst the chaos there was a single table that stood unattended in the overcrowded hall, and Felicity followed Hollie to it. 
“Everyone knows this is our table,” Hollie told Felicity with a smile. “Even the year sevens, and they’re new this year. Trust me, Fliss, you stick with me and you’re sorted. Oh em gee, I’m so excited! We’re gonna be BFFs!”
“Oh God, don’t tell me you’ve got your claws into another one.”
The two girls looked up to see a boy standing by the table. He was tall, looked about their age, and was carrying a leather schoolbag over his shoulder. 
Hollie rolled her eyes. “That’s Jamie. Just ignore him and he’ll go away.”
Jamie offered his hand to Felicity. “Jamie Clarke,” he said, smiling. “You’ll have to forgive my little sister. She might be the most popular girl in school, but her manners leave something to be desired.” 
As Felicity shook his hand, she noticed that he was much more well spoken than Hollie, and anyone else in the school for that matter. He was also very well dressed. He wore his school uniform correctly, as if with pride, and his dark blonde hair was neatly styled.
Hollie nudged Felicity. “Little by about two minutes,” she said. “Jamie is my twin.”
“Unfortunate twin, yes. You can see which one of us got the looks,” Jamie said with a smile, ignoring Hollie’s scowl, and then he looked at Felicity. “You must be the new girl everyone is talking about.”
Surprised, Felicity looked around the canteen. “Everyone...?”
“Oh, don’t worry,” Jamie continued, seeing her concern. “Everyone knows everyone around here, so it’s quite a big thing when there’s someone new in the neighbourhood. News travels fast. But everyone will forget about it by the end of the day. Especially...” He leaned in closer. “Especially when I hear that the library computers are being upgraded!” 
This information seemed to fill him with great excitement and anticipation, but his sister groaned. “Who in the world cares about that?” she exclaimed. 
“Well, me,” Jamie replied.
Hollie emitted an embarrassed groan. “What do you want?” she asked impatiently.
His smile faded. “Oh, um... the usual.” He paused. “You know,” he added with emphasis.
Realisation dawned and Hollie’s expression changed dramatically. When she spoke her voice was quieter; it was very different to the character she had shown to Felicity all day. Suddenly, she was much more withdrawn and anxious. “Go on then. What is it this time?”
“Dad wanted me to tell you to tell Mum that -” He stopped and looked up, his expression showing concentration as he tried to remember the message. At last he sighed and reached inside his blazer pocket. “I wrote it down this time. You know how he rambles.”
Hollie nodded miserably.
“Ah, here it is.” Jamie unfolded a scrap of paper. “Uh... profanities aside, of course, our father would like to convey to our mother his disappointment that she has not yet forwarded your school report to him.”
Hollie sighed in exasperation. “She told me she’d posted it to him in the summer holidays!”
“Yes, well... he says he doesn’t have it. If Mum doesn’t send it soon, he says he’ll... well, we’ll skip that part.” He put the paper away and looked at his sister apologetically.
“I’ll bring it in to school tomorrow,” Hollie said, shaking her head. “Was there anything else?”
“No, no, nothing else.” He glanced at Felicity. “Nice to meet you - uh?”
“Felicity,” Hollie said deliberately. “And she has absolutely no interest in speaking to you ever again.”
With the mood lightened, Jamie laughed. “I’ll be seeing you,” he said, and then he disappeared into the lunchtime crowds.
Hollie turned back to the table. “Our parents are divorced,” she said, as if that explained everything. “And my brother is the biggest geek in the entire school. Stupidly clever, but somehow that makes him even more popular. Not as popular as me, but pretty popular all the same.” She sighed. “Still, I blame myself. I did style him back in year eight. The bigger kids were picking on him and I knew the only way he would survive was if he pulled the buttons off his blazer and did something with that floppy mess on his head. He’s not exactly stuck with everything I taught him, but somehow he’s still doing well for himself.
“Anyway!” Hollie turned to Felicity, flashing her bright smile. “I feel as though I’ve spent the entire day talking about me. I just have to know all that there is to know about you, Fliss, if we’re going to be BFFs.”
Felicity wasn’t entirely sure that she knew what a BFF was, but it was clearly supposed to be a good thing. Still, she wasn’t willing to share many details about her home life; hiding things was going to be a struggle, especially when faced with a challenge like Hollie. Still, she ought to have known that these questions would come up sooner or later.
“So like, where did you used to go to school?” Hollie asked.
Felicity’s mind was thrown back in time to days that she had tried to forget. Every day and every night she had spent alone in the boarding school she had wished to be somewhere else. Not even at home, because she might as well have been on her own there, too. Even in the lunch hall, the classrooms and in the middle of a thousand girls seated in morning assembly, she had been by herself.
“I uh, I used to go to boarding school,” she answered eventually, aware that Hollie was staring at her expectantly. “In the countryside.”
“Boarding school!” Hollie declared. “That must have been ace! Were there parties? Did you all have to share a room - no, what’s the word - a dorm? I bet you had the most fantastic time! Oh, I’d love to go to boarding school. It’d be like St Trinian’s... or Harry Potter! But without all the magic, of course.”
“Yeah,” Felicity muttered. “Just like that.”
“So you must be pretty rich then,” Hollie continued. “Because only rich people go to boarding school. How did you end up here?”
Felicity averted her eyes. “I moved in with my dad.”
“Your parents are divorced too, huh?” There was a look of sincere sympathy on Hollie’s face, but it was clear that she didn’t want to talk about the topic any further, which was a relief to Felicity. Grateful for a close to the conversation, she deliberately neglected to put Hollie straight on her incorrect assumption. But the mood didn’t last for long, as Hollie suddenly grabbed Felicity’s hands, making her jump, and her understanding gaze vanished to be replaced with a keen grin. Felicity had come to expect this kind of instant switch between topics and feelings. “Hey, I know what we should do!”
Felicity stared.
“We should go out!” Hollie said excitedly. “There’s a club in town, the Talk. The first Thursday of every month they do a 14 to 17 year olds night. A Snap Night, they call it. Me and my friends are going - well, we always go, actually - and you have to join us!”
“Uh...” 
“Oh come on, Fliss! You just have to!” Hollie continued. “It’d be the perfect way for you to get know people, and for people to get to know you. You’ll be as popular as me in no time!” Then she laughed. “Well, almost.”
Felicity pulled her hands away. “Sorry, I can’t,” she said, somewhat forcefully. “I - I have to help my dad. We’ve only just moved in and - and there’s still so much to do.”
Hollie nodded. “That’s a real shame, but I understand. I bet you have a lot to think about right now. Still, if you change your mind...” She reached into her handbag and pulled out a flyer. “It’s tomorrow night.”
The bell rang, signalling the end of lunchtime, and Felicity breathed a sigh of intense relief. 

The flat was empty when Felicity returned after her first day of school. It would have been quiet, had it not been for the constant stream of traffic passing by, but she didn’t mind. She was finally by herself, away from the mad crowds of high school students; finally alone, as she had always been.
The day had been exhausting. Hollie was a thoroughly pleasant girl and Felicity recognised how much kindness she had shown to her, but simply listening to her talk was draining. Felicity wasn’t a people person. She had never had friends. It had always been just her and her mother, but even then they had led completely separate lives. Felicity couldn’t even describe what her mother’s occupation had been before she died; all she knew was that it involved a lot of travelling and a lot of being away from the home they shared for less than six months a year.
She didn’t miss it, she realised as she wandered through to her bedroom and collapsed on the bed. The house had a lot of history and was certainly worth a lot of money, but it wasn’t a home. It never had been. It was simply a place where she and her mother had lived, a place to sleep when she wasn’t at boarding school - a place to exist. With that thought in mind, Felicity wondered where her home truly was and quickly realised that she didn’t have one.
She didn’t know how she was going to get through the rest of the school year. If this one day tired her this much, how would she cope with the rest of them? Still, she didn’t have much of a choice. Plenty of the students at Greenfields skived off many of their lessons, but that was the kind of behaviour that attracted attention, which was exactly what Felicity wanted to avoid. In two years she would be done with school - and then what? She supposed she would have to get a job and find somewhere to live; her father was bound to want her out of his flat as soon as she had enough money to stand on her own two feet. She sighed and closed her eyes, wondering what the future had in store for her.
She must have fallen asleep then, because the next thing she knew her father was calling her into the dining area for dinner. Through bleary eyes she saw that he had laid the table, something that he had not done since she had moved in; the usual practice was for her father to sit in front of the television with his food on his knees, whilst his daughter disappeared into her bedroom. Clearly the first day of school was some kind of special occasion.
“I didn’t want to wake you,” her father said when he saw her, and then he gestured to the table. “I thought we could sit together. You know... talk about your first day.”
Felicity sat at the table somewhat warily; change unnerved her. Her father placed a plate of food in front of her and then sat opposite her. “So? How did it go?”
Felicity shrugged as she picked up her knife and fork. “It was okay.”
“Did you get any homework?”
“No.”
“Did you make any friends?”
She looked at him. “I think so.”
“Good, good. That’s... good.”
Silence reclaimed the table after its momentary absence. Felicity pushed her carrots around on her plate with her fork. “I got invited out somewhere,” she said hesitantly.
Her father raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Really? Where?”
“A club,” Felicity replied. “The Talk.”
He frowned. “Yeah, I’ve heard of it. I’d, uh, I’d rather you didn’t go there.”
Felicity shrugged her shoulders. 
Dinner was concluded not long after. As her father cleared the table and started the washing up, he said one last thing to her before she retreated to her bedroom.
“There’s a package on the sofa for you. I collected it from the police. It’s, uh... your mum’s things. The things she had on her when...” He stopped. “Anyway... they’re yours now.”
Felicity had frozen as soon as the word ‘police’ was mentioned, for she knew what he was going to say. Her mother’s belongings had been kept at the station ever since the car accident. She had been told they were evidence to be used whilst the police investigated the incident. She didn’t really know why they needed to look into it at all - a car accident was a car accident, as far as she understood it.
Her heart thudded in her chest as she gripped the paper package and took it into her room, unaware of her father’s gaze on her as she did so.
Felicity leaned on the door as soon as she had closed it, letting out a long breath. She clutched the package close to her chest, hearing the crinkling of the paper and the bubble wrap beneath. Why did she feel so anxious? It was just a bunch of old things that belonged to her mother, a woman who had never placed sentimental value on anything. 
She held the package in front of her, staring at the letters of her name written clearly in bold, black marker pen. She turned it over and over in her hands, slowly, as if inspecting every crease in the well handled paper. She knew she was only delaying the inevitable. In spite of her hesitation, she was going to open the package. But she was afraid of how this act would make her feel. Upon opening the package, would she just see... things? Items of no significance, just trinkets that her mother happened to have had on her when she died? Would Felicity be indifferent to them, proving that she had never really known or even loved the woman who had given birth to her?
And then there was the alternative. Instead of meaningless things, would she see precious items that clearly meant something? Would she become overwhelmed and finally cry the tears that she had been so far unable to muster? To feel close to her mother only after her death didn’t seem like a good option, either; she didn’t know how she would handle it.
At long last, Felicity sat on the floor and tore open the package, tipping the contents into a pile on the floor.
She inspected them carefully. First, there was a small diary. It was very simple, with a black cover and the numbers ‘2013’ printed in gold in the top right corner. It wasn’t the kind of diary that one would write in detail the events of their life, but rather the kind that contained notes about meetings, appointments and special days. Upon flicking through it Felicity found that her mother had written very little in it at all. She hadn’t even bothered to fill in her personal details on the first page - or Felicity’s birthday.
Putting the diary aside, Felicity picked up the second item. It was a silver watch. The circular clock face was made from mother of pearl, giving it a pale pink tint. The bracelet was delicate and light; the watch was very feminine, and Felicity thought it quite pretty. She put it around her wrist, but it was clearly too loose and it slipped straight off again.
The third and penultimate item was a black stone. It had three sides; one of them was curved, whilst the other two were flat. It was similar in size and shape to a segment of orange. The flat sides were smooth and shiny whilst the curved side had lines and patterns of some kind etched into it. Felicity had no idea what it was.
Then she came to the last item - a gold ring. It was nothing like anything Felicity had seen in jewellery shops. It had quite a wide band that had many intricate engravings all along its length. In the centre there was a jewel of some kind, pale blue in colour; Felicity suspected it was a sapphire. She slipped the ring on her finger and was surprised to find that it was a perfect fit.
As she looked at the ring, it occurred to Felicity that she had seen none of these items before. In fact, she couldn’t remember any of her mother’s pieces of jewellery. She never dared to trespass into her mother’s bedroom, and most of the time she was away at boarding school anyway so never had the chance. But her mother had never shared anything with her, or given her anything apart from Christmas and birthday presents, and even those had stopped several years ago, when her mother deemed her too old for such childish fancies. Felicity had no idea what had been important to her mother, and now she would never find out.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the loose floorboard that she had tripped over so many times. Her father had promised to fix it, but so far he hadn’t found the time. Felicity didn’t give it much thought; it was his home, not hers, so he could either fix things or not fix things at his own leisure. The floorboard stuck out awkwardly, goading her to walk in its direction and catch her toe on its protruding edge.
Felicity didn’t know what compelled her to do what she did next. Perhaps it was because she didn’t know her father very well, or perhaps it was the unsavoury nature of the neighbourhood and the flat’s exceedingly poor security. Whatever it was, she felt a sudden urge to pull up the floorboard and see how good a hiding place it was - and that was exactly what she did.
The space beneath was dark and airy. In the dust and dirt that had settled there, Felicity found a five pence piece and a few scraps of paper, their writings long since faded. As she peered into the gloom, she saw that there was just enough space between the joists to place the padded envelope and its precious contents. She did so carefully, and when she was done she slid the board back into place.

3.

School was somehow easier the next day. Felicity suspected that overnight, her mind had had time to process the vast menu of information that Hollie had fed her the previous day. A good night’s sleep had rejuvenated her. She was hoping that the ‘new girl’ novelty would wear off and that she would cease to be the centre of attention, but Hollie had been quite keen to become friends. Felicity, on the other hand, didn’t think she really knew how to be friends, for no one had taught her.
The first lesson of the day was Science, and it appeared that Hollie was still excited about Felicity, for now at least. The two of them shuffled together to begin an experiment involving Bunsen burners but before Hollie could call to two of her regular companions, Jamie and another boy sailed over to them.
“And that makes a group of four,” Jamie said somewhat triumphantly.
“Are you serious?” Hollie exclaimed. “No way! Find your own loser friends to play scientist with.”
“I would, but alas, it seems as though every group is full,” Jamie said with a smile. “Plus it looks as though your little posse has banded together without you.”
Hollie turned; it was true. Her friends had made groups of their own, and the teacher’s instructions had said only four to each group.
“Well... I’ll do you a favour this time,” she muttered, defeated, and then she turned her attention to Jamie’s companion. “And who’s this? I’ve never seen you before. Are you that new guy?”
“Indeed,” Jamie said with a nod. “Looks like I got myself a buddy, too. This is Oliver. It’s his first day here.”
Oliver nodded to the two girls, but he didn’t smile and he said nothing. These actions clearly impressed Hollie, who regarded him with an overly keen interest that manifested itself in her smile.
She leaned over to Felicity. “Oh em gee,” she whispered. “He’s an absolute dream, don’t you think?”
Felicity looked at Oliver. His skin was quite pale, his dark hair hung around his face, and his eyes were brown. Beyond that, she couldn’t really see much, and had no idea what qualified as a ‘dream’. 
Not knowing how to respond, she shrugged awkwardly. “Yeah, I suppose...”
“You don’t think so?” Hollie asked, surprised. “He’s gorge. And so... mysterious. Well, if you’re not interested, you’ll leave him for me, right?”
“Uh... yeah.”
“Thanks, Fliss,” Hollie replied with genuine gratitude, and then she stood, picked up her stool and moved it beside Oliver, introducing herself immediately.
“So Fliss,” Jamie said to Felicity as he struck a match to light the Bunsen burner. “How was your first day? I hope my sister didn’t bore you to death with her incessant rambling.”
Felicity glanced over at Hollie. She had managed to use her charm on the unsuspecting new boy and the two of them were fully immersed in the Science textbook in front of them - or at least, that was how it looked. Hollie clearly had some flirtatious plan in mind.
“It was fine,” she replied as she handled the chemicals for the experiment.
“Oh come on, be honest,” Jamie said. “Hollie told me you used to go to boarding school.”
Felicity was surprised. “Hollie told you?”
“That’s right.” Jamie looked at his sister. “Social etiquette doesn’t permit her to be too nice to me in public, but outside school she’s as nice as anything. Both our parents would kill her otherwise. But don’t worry,” he added with a laugh. “I’m fine with it. Nothing Hollie could possibly say could do me any damage.”
Felicity smiled slightly, feeling as though that was expected of her.
“So how does Greenfields compare to your boarding school, then?” Jamie asked.
“Oh, it’s...” Felicity paused. “It’s smaller.”
“Smaller?” Jamie looked surprised, as if he had expected something more.
“Yes,” Felicity said with a nod. “Smaller.”
“Right. Uh, smaller.” Jamie stared for a second, and then decided to change the subject. “Hollie also said that your parents are divorced. Did she give you her empathy speech? She loves that one. I swear she’s just doing it to give herself the best chance at being Head Girl next year.” He smiled wryly. “We’ve only just started year 10 and she’s already thinking about her popularity in year 11. Typical.”
Felicity didn’t reply. Jamie regarded her with a mixture of confusion and interest as he waited for her to play her part in the conversation, but Felicity said nothing and squirmed uncomfortably under his gaze. At last he spoke again.
“You know, you’re doing that wrong.”
“What?”
Jamie pointed with his pen. “The chemicals. It’s meant to be ten mil of hydrochloric acid, not twenty.”
Surprised, Felicity quickly pulled the beaker away from the Bunsen burner. 
"Sorry," she muttered.
"No problem," Jamie said. "Easy mistake to make. Here, why don't you let me do that?"
Felicity allowed Jamie to take the beaker from her and he dutifully began following the experiment that the teacher had set out for them. He was explaining what he was doing as he worked, but Felicity wasn't paying attention. 
Her body convulsed in a shudder as she felt suddenly and horribly exposed in the classroom. She shuffled on her stool and folded her arms, tightening her body in an attempt to make herself smaller. She could feel herself fading into her world of isolation again, as if it were calling to her and promising that everything would be fine if she could just disappear. This was what she wanted, how she felt most content to exist, but there was something about it that felt different this time. She felt suddenly uneasy.
But something was telling her that her sudden feelings of discomfort were rooted far more deeply than she realised. She tried to shake the feeling but found it impossible. She felt visible, far too visible than she cared to be, and for some reason it frightened her.
And then she realised why. The new boy, Oliver, was staring at her. For a brief second his eyes were boring into hers, piercing them. It was almost painful. 
But then he looked away and the spell was broken; Felicity’s fear dissolved as quickly as it had arisen, so quickly that it was hard to tell if she had even felt it. A wave of heat rushed to her cheeks, but a quick glance around the classroom revealed that no one was paying her any attention.
Apart from Jamie. “Fliss? Are you listening?”
“What?” Felicity looked at him. “Oh, uh... yes, I’m listening.”
“Really?” He peered at her exercise book. “Could have fooled me.”
“Huh?”
He gestured with his pen. “You haven’t written anything down,” he observed. “You were meant to be making notes, remember?”
Felicity looked down vacantly at her blank page, and then her gaze shifted to Oliver. He was still engaged in conversation with Hollie, although it was entirely one sided. He didn’t seem to have spoken a word since she moved next to him.
The rest of the Science lesson passed uneventfully and quickly, for which Felicity was grateful. As the class left, she was joined in the bustling corridor by Hollie.
“He likes me,” she said excitedly. 
Felicity looked at Hollie with a blank expression, signalling that she had no idea what she was talking about. 
“Oliver likes me. I can tell,” Hollie clarified, grinning widely. “Oh, Fliss, you just have to come to the Talk tonight. I’ve invited Oliver and, well, you know... I need moral support.”
Felicity glanced over at the group of girls who made up Hollie’s entourage. “But what about...?”
“Oh, them?” Hollie waved her hand dismissively. “I have a lot of friends, it’s true. But this is important. Oliver might be the man I’m destined to marry and have kids with and stuff. I simply have to have my best friend there!”
Felicity’s mouth dropped open in surprise before she had a chance to control it. She was agog: did Hollie just refer to her as her best friend?
“So you’ll come, right?” She looked pleadingly at Felicity but received no answer, for Felicity was still quite overcome by surprise. “Oh please say you will!”
Felicity tried to think of an excuse but ended up opening and closing her mouth and making strained, gagging noises that couldn’t possibly have passed for vocabulary. Hollie took that as an acceptance and emitted an excited, giggly scream, pulling Felicity into a desperately grateful embrace. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!’” she squealed, and then composed herself in order to deliver essential information about the evening. “Tonight’s colour is red. You have something red you could wear, right? Are you on Skype? We could compare outfits! But if not then just text me a picture message. Oh em gee, Fliss, we are gonna have, like, the best time!” 
Felicity’s shoulders dropped as she realised she was defeated. Whilst Hollie continued chatting about what she was going to wear, how she was going to do her hair and what songs she hoped would be played, Felicity trudged along behind her, already plotting her absence.
And then she realised that Hollie was trying to get her attention. “Oh, Fliss! I forgot to tell you!” she was saying.
“Hm?” 
Hollie rooted through her tiny bag and revealed a note. “I was meant to give you this,” she said, handing over the piece of paper. “You have an appointment with the school counsellor, like, now.”
Felicity read the note. “Mr Oakley?”
“That’s him,” Hollie replied. “He probably wants to make sure you’re settling in okay.”
Felicity stared at Hollie blankly.
Sensing the need for an explanation, Hollie continued: “Mr Oakley’s one of those guidance counsellors. You know, the kind that goes to lots of different schools to get kids to talk about their problems. Last year we had a Miss Franks; me and Jamie had to go see her all the time about our parents’ divorce. Was, like, a total waste of time if you ask me.” She shrugged. “Anyway, his office is down that way.” She pointed. “Shall I meet you after?”
Felicity nodded helplessly, watched Hollie bounce away down the corridor, and then she turned and began to make her way to the counsellor’s office. She was quite grateful to finally be on her own. It wasn’t that she disliked Hollie; she had been incredibly nice to her, shrugging off her other friends in order to make sure that Felicity was settled in her new school. The excitement of having a new student at Greenfields had worn off after the first day, partially due to the arrival of Oliver, but Hollie still devoted a lot of time to Felicity. It was clear that she was eager to be friends, and that was what concerned Felicity. It was such an alien concept to her. Being alone was what she was used to; at least she didn’t have to worry about losing anyone, because she never had them in the first place. Not really.
Mr Oakley’s office was clearly labelled. Felicity hesitated as she raised her hand to knock, her eyes hovering over the words engraved into the brass sign like a warning: School Counsellor. It might as well have been displayed in red flashing lights and accompanied by a siren. Felicity had never met a counsellor before, but she was dreading it. Counsellors meant talking about your feelings, and that was nothing short of her worst nightmare.
The door opened before her knuckles met the wood. She blinked, surprised, and found herself staring into the face of a man who looked as caught off his guard as she was.
He recovered himself quicker than she did. “Ah,” he said with a smile. “You must be...” He paused and glanced down at a clipboard he held in his hand. “Felicity Lucas?”
She nodded helplessly.
“Excellent, excellent,” the man said. “Come in.” He turned and went back into the office, Felicity following him dutifully and reluctantly.
The room was quite large for an office, smaller than a classroom but still rather sizeable. There was a computer at one end, beneath the tall, dirty window, and in the centre there stood a small coffee table with four soft chairs around it, their fabric fraying and torn slightly to reveal the dull orange foam beneath. Some unfortunate students had clearly been picking at it, possibly in frustration at being held prisoner by previous counsellors, as it was missing little clumps here and there, like half-eaten cheese. All around the room, from ceiling to floor, were shelves and shelves of books. It was cosy, if it a little musty, and in spite of the light that managed to enter the room through the age-old smears on the window, it was quite dark.
“Have a seat,” Mr Oakley said, and Felicity did so, watching the counsellor nervously. He looked different to the rest of the secondary school faculty. Some of the teachers seemed to take a lot of pride in their appearance and suited themselves up with matching ties and the shiniest shoes that Felicity had ever seen, as if they thought it somehow enhanced their authority over Greenfields’ rebellious students. Others were clued in to the fact that professional attire was not a contributing factor to the education of the children in this particular school and wore more casual, fashionable clothing. The counsellor was like a bizarre mix of both. He wore formal trousers and a shirt but no tie, and instead of a matching suit jacket he wore one that was made of corduroy and had leather patches at the elbows. A pair of thick, black rimmed spectacles sat on the tip of his nose and on his feet he wore canvas shoes. It was as if he was trying to be trendy, and though Felicity knew little about fashion, she decided that he was failing. She was absolutely certain that Hollie would think so.
“So,” he said, sitting in one of the soft chairs opposite her. “How was your first day at Greenfields?”
Felicity shrugged awkwardly.
“I know it can be hard, moving schools,” the counsellor continued. “New teachers, new buildings, new neighbourhood... it can be a lot for one young person to take, and that’s before we even get started on homework, the pressure of your GCSEs, making new friends -”
Felicity stared. Although Mr Oakley’s speech had sounded somewhat rehearsed, he had spoken with a degree of excitement that unnerved her.
He stopped when he noticed her stare. He regarded her curiously, and then he leaned towards her. “But that’s not why you’re here, though, is it?” he said. “You’re here because your mother died.”
The bluntness of his statement caught her by surprise.
“It’s okay, I’ve dealt with this a hundred times before,” he said with a dismissive wave of his hand, noticing her surprised glance. “You’ve got a lot on your plate right now. I understand that you used to live in the country, and that your father wasn’t in the picture much before?”
Felicity stared for a few seconds, still taken aback by Mr Oakley’s frankness and stunned that he seemed to know so much about her life, and then she shook her head.
“So your parents had already split up?” Mr Oakley asked, making a note on his clipboard. “And your mother - oh, I’m sorry. I don’t seem to have your mother’s name written down.” He looked at her expectantly. 
“It was Audrey,” Felicity replied weakly. “Audrey Lucas.”
There were a few more scratches of a pen on paper. “When was it that you lost her?”
Felicity slipped her finger between her collar and her neck, tugging at her shirt uncomfortably. She was not entirely convinced that this was how a counselling session was supposed to go. “It was in June,” she answered him at last, and hoped that the interview would end sooner rather than later.
“And, uh...” There was a pause. “How did your mother die?”
Felicity swallowed. Was it was getting hotter in the office? “It was a car accident.”
Mr Oakley stared hard at her for what seemed like an age, and she felt compelled to look away. He made some more notes, slower this time, and then he leaned back in his chair. “It’s a difficult time, I know. But there are strategies that we can use to help you manage your grief. I expect that you’re feeling sad to have lost your mother, angry at her for leaving you and probably confused at how you’re able to cope.” He spoke as if he knew her, but Felicity quickly realised that although he may have had a few details of her life scribbled down on that hateful pad of his, he didn’t actually know her at all. 
“The first thing I want you to do is to write all of your feelings down,” he continued. “Maybe keep a diary or something. It’s the first step to being able to talk about it - and we’re going to be spending a lot of time talking about, Felicity.”
It sounded like a threat.
And then he stood up and offered her his hand. “Well, that will be all for today.”
The heavy atmosphere instantly shattered, and Felicity could breathe again. She was stunned, so stunned that she almost didn’t stand up, but her desperation to get out of the office jerked her into action. She shook the counsellor’s hand.
“I’ll see you again soon,” he said with a smile. 
Wasting no time, Felicity picked up her satchel and shuffled hastily towards the door. 
“Oh, and Felicity?”
She stopped dead. 
“Tell Oliver Smith to come and see me, will you?”
Relief washed over her. She nodded, left the room and waited for the musical click of the door closing behind her, the signal that her ordeal was over. When it sounded, she finally let out the breath she had been holding and allowed her heart to beat again. She dabbed at her damp forehead with her sleeve. Classrooms filled with people, lessons where she might be expected to make a contribution and even the constant presence of Hollie were all trivialities compared to that experience. She leaned on the wall, took a moment to steady her breathing, and headed to her next lesson.
She was so grateful to be out of the counselling session that she barely even noticed how short it had been.

4.

Later that day, Felicity once again returned to an empty flat. Her father was working late, as was his obligation every fortnight or so, so she had the place to herself. This arrangement suited her quite well, particularly today, for she was still anxious about her experience with the school counsellor. 
She wondered if all counsellors were like Mr Oakley. Were they always so to the point? It seemed to Felicity to demonstrate a severe lack of tact, but then perhaps it was a method of forcing her to cope with the loss she had suffered. Still, although Felicity had not cried after her mother’s death, she didn’t feel as though she wasn’t coping. She was getting on with things - she was going to school, she was doing her homework; she was existing. She highly doubted that she needed a counsellor, and she was certain she didn’t want one.
An unexpected knock at the door came as Felicity was taking a pizza out of the oven for dinner. Frowning, she went to answer it, and no sooner had she opened the door that Hollie walked inside.
“Your neighbour let me into the building,” she said. “I hope you don’t mind me coming over. I’m just so excited about tonight and thought we could go to the Talk together. I mean, not that I can’t go by myself or anything, but I’d prefer the company since I’m so totally nervous! Do you think Oliver will like my outfit?” She raised a hand to her blonde hair, which was arranged in long, bouncy curls, and then another thought occurred to her. “I wonder if he prefers Olly to Oliver?”
Felicity stood by the her door, her hand still resting on the handle, and stared open-mouthed at Hollie. She had been so preoccupied with her experience with Mr Oakley that she had completely forgotten about the arrangement tonight.
Hollie noticed the pizza on the kitchen table. “Wow! It’s like you knew I was coming!” she said, and sat down. “I’m so hungry but I’ve been too nervous to eat. You don’t mind, do you?” When Felicity didn’t protest, Hollie took a slice of pizza. “Hey, you better go get ready. It’s almost time to go.” 
Felicity stared. Hollie looked gorgeous. She was wearing a tight fitting red dress with a black belt around her waist. Her shiny red shoes had a six inch heel, the kind of thing that Felicity had only seen on television and in magazines. Her hair was perfect, her makeup was perfect and her jewellery was perfect. 
She shook her head. “Uh, Hollie...” she began. “Look, I - I don’t think I can make it tonight,” she said. “I, uh, I’m not feeling well. Yeah, I’m, uh... sick.”
Hollie looked up from her pizza and studied Felicity’s expression. She frowned, opened her mouth to speak - and then she appeared to change her mind and smiled instead. 
“You know, Fliss,” she said, putting her pizza down and approaching Felicity. “You are most probably the worst liar I have ever met.”
Felicity stared at Hollie, a combination of confusion, surprise and horror painted on her face.
“Look, it’s okay to be nervous,” Hollie continued, putting her arm around Felicity and guiding her into the lounge area. “But I’ll be with you. You’ll be fine.”
“But -”
“No, no, no,” Hollie interrupted. “No buts!” She sighed. “Oh em gee, Fliss, you’ve made me sound like my mother. Don’t ever do that to me again.” She clapped her hands together. “Now, do you want me to do your makeup for you? I have some lipstick that would go perfectly with your complexion. And I know an up do that would frame your face like a dream. What do you say?” 
Helpless and defeated, Felicity nodded weakly.
Hollie smiled. “This is so exciting!”
The two of them retreated to Felicity’s bedroom, where Hollie began her art. She had brought with her a small makeup bag, and in spite of her awkwardness its contents were enchanting to Felicity, the girl who had never owned even an eyeshadow. Hollie worked like a professional, dipping brushes into colours brighter than rainbows, softer than feathers and darker than the night sky. She talked as she went along, telling Felicity all about where she had obtained her brushes and lipsticks, who had taught her how to do the perfect eyeliner and how much she enjoyed making others look beautiful. Not that Felicity wasn’t beautiful already, she was keen to add, but everyone had room for improvement. Felicity was used to the way in which Hollie ran on, talking without stopping to see if her audience was attentive. She had done it to Oliver, too. But Felicity was grateful, for it meant that she did not have to talk much at all.
When Hollie had finished with Felicity’s makeup she set to work on her hair. She used her own clips, slides and bands to fashion the red locks on top of her head, and then she pulled a few down to hang either side of her face. Felicity didn’t own hair straighteners or curling tongs, but they made do with a bunch of pencils and a hairdryer. When Hollie finally allowed Felicity to look in the mirror, what she saw caused her breath to catch in her throat.
“What do you think?” Hollie asked eagerly.
Felicity was speechless. She had never considered herself an attractive girl, but then, she had never considered her looks at all. She simply accepted what was. But now that she stared at the image of herself in the mirror, with bright, shining eyes and deep, red lips, she felt something that she didn’t think she had ever felt before. She felt beautiful, and before she even had time to think about it, she found herself smiling.
“You look nothing short of gorgeous,” Hollie said. “Don’t you think? I’ve never seen you with makeup on. Did you, uh, leave it at your old house?”
Felicity stared at her reflection as her smile left her coloured lips.
 “I, uh...” She paused. A part of her, deep inside, wanted to open up to Hollie, this girl who called herself her friend and who had made her look like a goddess. But another part of her wanted to run as far as way as possible, to retreat and hide somewhere she would never be found. In the end, there could be only one winner.
She averted her eyes. “Yes,” she lied. “I left it at my old house.”
Hollie looked at Felicity and it was clear that she didn’t believe her. She was, after all, an inexperienced and ineffective liar. After a moment or two of silence, she fished a few items out of her makeup case.
“Here,” she said. “Take these.” 
Felicity did so, and then looked up at Hollie with a frown.
Hollie smiled. “Do I need an excuse to give a gift to my BFF?” she asked. “Now come on, get changed or we’re gonna be late!”
After she found something suitable to wear, Felicity followed Hollie out of the bedroom but stopped at the door, turning back to look at the gifts Hollie had given her. They were only a few items of secondhand makeup, but to Felicity they meant as much as if they were made of gold.

Felicity was not so separated from the world that she didn’t know what a club was - she had always had access to television - but actually being in one was vastly different. To begin with there was the sheer noise of the place. When characters in films and television shows spoke to one another in clubs they always managed to hear exactly what they were saying, even if they were speaking at a normal volume. That certainly wasn’t the case at the Talk. Several times Hollie had shouted something in her direction but Felicity had been unable to hear her.
Secondly, there was the lighting. It was always easy to see people in clubs - or so the television had led her to believe. Felicity was starting to understand why everyone she had spoken to at Greenfields expected her old boarding school to have been like Hogwarts or St Trinian’s. The strobe lighting, the flashes, the colours - all of it impaired Felicity’s ability to see, and so she found herself squinting. The smoke machine did nothing to help matters, either.
Hollie led her directly to the bar, where she ordered the two of them a coke. “No alcohol I’m afraid,” she said apologetically as she passed the drink to Felicity. “Not on a Snap Night, anyway.”
Felicity wondered briefly if Hollie was used to drinking alcohol, but by then they had moved away from the bar and the bass line of the music was once again making verbal communication difficult. Thankfully, Hollie led her to a seated area rather than the dance floor, and although the place was crowded with people, it was much easier to talk there.
“I wonder if Oliver is here yet,” Hollie said to her as they found a seat and sat down.
“He’s here.”
The two girls looked up to see Jamie standing in front of them. 
Hollie rolled her eyes. “Has anyone ever told you that it’s rude to sneak up on people and interrupt their conversations in that weird way that you do? Seriously, Jamie, that’s twice in one day.”
“Sorry,” Jamie apologised with mock sincerity, and then he sat down beside them. “But I did learn from the best, after all.” He gestured towards his sister.
“Ugh, what do you want?” Hollie asked. “Do you get off on annoying me?”
“Oh, then I suppose you won’t be interested in any news of, say... Oliver?” He smiled and then tilted his head to look past his sister and wave to Felicity. “Hi, Fliss.”
Felicity nodded an acknowledgement to Jamie.
Hollie’s attitude suddenly changed.  “You’ve seen Oliver?” she asked excitedly, her show of contempt for her brother dissolving. “Where is he?”
“He’ll be along in a minute,” Jamie replied, helping himself to a sip of Hollie’s drink. “So tell me, what’s with the outfit? Going for an emo theme?”
“As if,” replied Hollie, her eyes flitting across the club as she tried to locate Oliver.
Jamie drew in a breath between his teeth. “Then it must be...” He paused, and then clicked his fingers triumphantly. “Dennis the Menace! Am I right?”
Hollie curled the left side of her upper lip. “Who?”
Jamie chuckled to himself, shaking his head at his sister’s ignorance. “No, you’re right,” he continued. “Your red dress... don’t tell me you’re trying to warn Oliver that you’re dangerous before he gets to know you? That’s an improvement.” He looked at Felicity. “Usually they don’t find that out until later.”
Hollie glared at him. “If you’re not gonna go away, maybe we ought to tell Fliss all about your last girlfriend,” she snapped. “You know, the one who dumped you because all you wanted to do was play online games with her?”
The smile faded from Jamie’s face and he shifted uncomfortably. “Right, well, uh...” He stood up. “I’ll just be leaving you two ladies alone then.” He shuffled away.
Once he had gone, Hollie giggled. “I’m glad I’ve been able to use that one against him again. He hates that. At least it made him go away. Oh em gee, Fliss!” Her attitude suddenly changed to one of almost paralysing excitement as something caught her attention. “There he is!”
Felicity looked. Surely enough, amongst the crowd of teenage revellers was Oliver, and he was heading towards them.
Hollie grabbed Felicity’s arm, forcing her to turn back to her. “Do I look all right?” she asked desperately. “I mean, how’s my hair? My makeup? It’s not smudged at all? Oh em gee, do you think I should have worn a different outfit? Ah! Quiet, here he is...”
Oliver nodded towards Hollie as he arrived, and then he folded his arms and leant to one side in a way that clearly impressed her.
She smiled. “Hi,” she said coolly, in complete contrast to how she had just been behaving. 
Oliver looked at Felicity, but he didn’t say anything. Hollie followed his gaze. “Oh, um, Fliss,” she said somewhat nervously. “I think, uh, Chloe was waiting for you. Yeah, Chloe. By the bar?”
“Oh, uh...” Felicity stood up, looking at Hollie, then Oliver, then Hollie again, then she began to shuffle away hesitantly. She turned back in time to see her friend mouth ‘thank you’ at her, and then her attention was given solely to Oliver.
Left alone yet surrounded by people, Felicity wandered to the bar. It took her several minutes to get there as the place was very busy and it was not in her nature to push and shove her way through a crowd; that kind of behaviour was likely to get her noticed, and she didn’t want that. Once she got to the bar she pulled herself up onto one of the high stools and looked around.
The dance floor was packed. The DJ was playing upbeat and current tunes, interrupting them every so often to mention names or declare the apparent awesomeness of his tracks. A group of girls were hovering by his booth, evidently trying to get their names called out, or perhaps they felt that hanging out with the DJ was cool? Felicity couldn’t tell. She watched her peers as they danced, drank and flirted with one another. She, on the other hand, felt content with her own little bubble from which she could observe. She squinted in an attempt to see in the dim yet occasionally flashing light of the club, searching unsuccessfully for Hollie and Oliver. 
She glanced at her watch: 9:39pm. The club would close in an hour or so. Felicity wondered what she would do with that time. She wasn’t entirely comfortable with being at the club, yet she was managing to remain unnoticed so far. Eventually Hollie would return and the two of them would head back, so she didn’t mind sitting and waiting for her until then.
As she peered out into the crowds, scanning the dance floor absentmindedly, she caught sight of a face she knew looking back at her. He raised his hand in a wave - it was Jamie. She felt obligated to wave back and, apparently taking this as an invitation, he swam through the sea of people and joined her at the bar.
“Hey!” he said happily. “What are you doing here by yourself? Don’t tell me Hollie has abandoned you.”
Felicity shook her head. “No, she just wanted some time with Oliver.”
“So she did abandon you.” Jamie shrugged. “Well, I’ll keep you company if you like. Oh God, you didn’t see my dancing, did you?”
“No, not really.”
“Thank God!” he exclaimed with a laugh, clearly relieved. “I have to say, Fliss, that although I am a man of many talents, dancing certainly isn’t one of them.”
Unsure of what to say, Felicity just smiled and took a sip of her coke.
“You know, Fliss, you’re going to get along fine at Greenfields,” Jamie said. “Especially with Hollie as your friend. She’s a pain but she’s a good person. She’ll look out for you. Oh!” He suddenly thrust his drink into Felicity’s hand. “Hold that, will you? I’ll be right back.”
Without giving Felicity time to reply, he waded his way back into the crowds and disappeared from view. Felicity placed his drink on the bar and continued looking for Hollie and Oliver, but still she couldn’t see them.
And then another familiar face appeared from within a nearby group of boys. One of them caught her eye and smiled. Felicity recognised him but couldn’t remember where she had seen him before. He nudged his friends, pointed at Felicity, and then the five of them began heading her way. As soon as they got close she realised where she had seen him - it was yesterday, as she had arrived at Greenfields. The boy had been reprimanded for sitting on the old piano at reception. 
“Hey... Fliss, isn’t it?” he said with a wide grin.
Felicity nodded.
“Ah, you don’t remember me, do you?” He put both of his hands to his chest. “I’m hurt, Fliss, I really am.” His friends laughed, and then the boy continued: “I’m Callum Johnson. We have History together.”
Felicity hadn’t noticed Callum in History, but she nodded slightly anyway. 
“You don’t know my friends, though,” Callum stated. “They’re from out of town. Go to a different school. This is Dan, Jack, Mikey and Liam. You don’t mind if we hang out here, do you?” 
Felicity did mind. She minded quite a lot. But somehow, when faced with a group of teenage boys who were all taller and bigger than her, she didn’t feel as though she could say so. Not that it mattered, for Callum gave her no time to answer. He simply took up the stool next to her whilst his friends attended the bar.
“You know, Fliss,” Callum said to her once he had sat down. “I heard something very interesting at school today.” Felicity looked at Callum politely but didn’t respond. “I heard that you used to go to boarding school,” he said, smiling that wide smile again.
“Um, yes. I did,” Felicity replied.
“So? Tell me what it was like there.”
Felicity shifted uncomfortably. She didn’t like questions that required such open, seemingly endless answers and she didn’t like talking about her past. “It was... it was all right.”
“That’s it?” Callum laughed, and his friends joined in. “Come on, Fliss, we’re friends, right? Remember, we have History together.” For some reason, that remark prompted even more laughter from his companions, with one of them even slapping the bar with his palm in amusement. Felicity had already been feeling quite anxious, and this feeling suddenly got worse. Her eyes flicked behind Callum, trying to locate Hollie or Jamie, but it was too difficult to see in the dim light.
“So come on, tell me more,” Callum said. “Was it an all girls’ school?”
Felicity glanced over to Callum’s friends, who she suddenly noticed looked an awful lot older than him, certainly above the upper age limit of that night’s club night.
“Y-yes,” she replied nervously.
“Oh yeah!” Callum exclaimed, punching the air triumphantly with his fist, and his friends joined him in his revelry, whooping and cheering and laughing. And then Callum turned back to Felicity. “Did anyone ever tell you how pretty you are, Fliss? No, I really mean it.” He looked her up and down. “You look really nice tonight.” 
There was a burst of badly stifled sniggers behind Callum, who ignored them and continued to stare intensely at Felicity. She avoided his eyes and swallowed uneasily. There was something about Callum’s behaviour that she didn’t like, something in his grin that made her want to run a mile.
“So what do you say?” Callum asked. “You uh, want to be my girlfriend?” 
The warmth of Callum’s hand on her thigh took her by surprise. She froze, her entire body tensing up before she even realised, and then, without wasting another moment, she practically fell from the stool and made a stumbling dash for the nearest exit, ignoring the jeers and jibes that erupted behind her. She pushed and shoved her way through the stifling crowds of teenagers, forgetting how much attention such actions caused. People exclaimed their annoyance but she paid them no heed; she had to get out of there as fast as she possibly could.
From the other side of the club, Jamie exited the men’s toilets and just caught sight of a redheaded girl causing a stir as she made for the door. He knew instantly who it was, and glanced back at where she had been sitting at the bar. Callum Johnson, surrounded by his gang, was laughing uncontrollably at the retreating Felicity.
She didn’t stop, not even when she reached the fresh, open air of the outdoors. The urge to run was overpowering. Her legs moved faster than she ever thought they could. Her pumps thudded against the pavement. She didn’t know where she was running to and she didn’t care, not as long as she was putting distance between herself and that boy. 
And then she could run no more. She slowed to a halt and leaned against a nearby wall, her chest heaving and her head pounding. Some strands of hair had come loose from their grips and were hanging in disarray either side of her face. Her cheeks were flushed, a stark contrast to her usually pale complexion. 
The sense of relief that washed over her was invigorating. Just as she had little experience with friendship, Felicity also knew very little about boys and romance. But she hadn't enjoyed the way in which Callum had looked at her, and his touch on her skin felt like a violation. 
She leaned her head back on the wall and gulped in the cool night air, trying to forget what had happened. She rubbed the sweat from her palms onto her skirt and looked around. She didn't recognise this part of the city; she appeared to be in an alleyway several streets from the main road where the Talk was located, but she had no idea which was the way back to her father’s flat. With a quick glance from right to left, she continued further into the alley, where her thoughts began to wander.
The incident with Callum kept coming back as if to haunt her. The laughter of his friends seemed to echo in her ears although its owners were back at the club. She could almost still feel his hand. With a shudder, she tried once again to shake the memories. As she tried to think of something else, she wondered whether or not Hollie would be worried about her when she found out she was no longer in the club. No, she told herself. She was probably having the time of her life with Oliver. But then, how could she be when Oliver was standing there in the alleyway?
Felicity stopped dead in her tracks as soon as she saw him, visibly surprised but also relieved; although she and Oliver had never actually spoken, he was a friend of Hollie and Jamie, and that was reassuring. She was about to approach him when she caught a glimpse of his expression in the dim lamplight and realised that he was staring that same stare that had filled her with anxiety during Science that day. It made her hesitate.
She swallowed nervously. “Where’s Hollie?” she asked.
Oliver took a few steps towards her, ignoring her question and remaining unnervingly silent.
She frowned. “It’s me, Felicity,” she said, thinking that perhaps he didn’t recognise her. “You know, Hollie’s friend. From Greenfields.”
Still he didn’t reply.
Confused, Felicity stared, and as she did so Oliver did something that she did not expect - he smiled. She was quickly learning that there were many different smiles in the world. Some were kind, like the type that Hollie used when she looked at her friends. Others were suspicious and deceptive, like Callum’s. But Oliver’s was different still. It wasn’t kind but it wasn’t deceptive, either; his intentions were bad, and he wasn’t trying to hide it.
He didn’t answer her question. Instead, he slowly lifted his hands up towards his chest, his fingers outstretched. He closed his eyes and his face suddenly became shrouded in darkness, even in the shadows of the alley. Confused and somewhat fascinated, Felicity found herself rooted to the spot, watching him intently in spite of the fear niggling at her mind. He began to mutter something but she couldn’t quite hear the words; they certainly didn’t sound like English. His voice was deep, strangely deep. Felicity’s head began to ache as she looked at him. She suddenly felt sick.
As he muttered, Felicity felt the air grow cold. A breeze whistled through the loose strands of her red hair. Her fear began to mount; she looked around the alleyway and realised that it had grown quieter. The sounds of the busy city streets had been muffled. Oliver’s unintelligible words grew louder. She wondered if she ought to run, but it somehow seemed like such a silly thing to do, so she stayed where she was.
When she looked back at him, she saw that a strange orb of light had appeared before Oliver. It looked as though he was somehow holding it in his hands. As she watched, it grew larger. As it grew larger, the alleyway seemed to grow darker. Felicity took a nervous step backwards but found the wall behind her. Her mouth became dry as her heart thudded in her chest. Something was telling her that it was far too late to run now.
“Fliss!”
The call came from the entrance to the alley. Instantly, the glowing orb vanished and Oliver fled into the shadows. The air, the light and the sound returned to normal within a heartbeat.
The next thing she knew, Felicity was looking into the worried faces of Hollie and Jamie.
“Who was that?” Jamie asked, looking in the direction that Oliver had gone.
Felicity couldn’t respond.
“Was that Oliver?” Hollie fretted, her voice filled with distress. “What was he doing out here with you? We were dancing and then he - he - he just left me and he was gone and then Jamie found me and -”
“Calm down, Hollie,” Jamie said somewhat irritably, and then he turned back to Felicity. “I saw you run off. What did Callum say to you?”
Felicity finally found her voice. “What?” she croaked.
“Jamie said that Callum was with you at the bar,” Hollie explained. “I’m so sorry, Fliss! If I hadn’t been with Oliver...” Her voice was filled with regret. 
“Look, Fliss,” Jamie said, placing a hand on Felicity’s shoulder. “Don’t listen to anything Callum Johnson said to you. He’s a nasty piece of work.”
“He’s a pig!” Hollie declared venomously. “He’s a total predator. He probably saw you as an easy target and it’s all my fault. Did Oliver come to see if you were okay? He could’ve said something. And why did he run off like that?” She took a few steps further into the alley. “Oliver!” she called.
“No!” Felicity exclaimed so suddenly and loudly that it surprised Hollie and Jamie. “No,” she repeated, more quiet and calm this time, and then she covered her face with her hands.
After a pause, Hollie approached her. “Fliss,” she said gently. “What happened? Tell me.”
Felicity shook her head. “Nothing,” she said. “Nothing...”
Hollie and Jamie exchanged worried glances. Though it was obvious that something had happened, they knew better than to try and coax the information from Felicity.
“Come on,” Jamie said. “Let’s get you home.”
It was quite late by the time that Felicity reached the block of flats that represented home, and in spite of Hollie and Jamie’s protests, she insisted on going in alone. They reluctantly let her go, making her promise that she would see them at school the next day so that they could all speak to Oliver about what had happened. Just what had happened Felicity did not reveal, for she was unsure whether or not she had imagined it. She spoke not a single word for the entire walk, but this seemed to make the twins even more anxious and curious; Felicity could tell that they would not let the whole thing go easily. 
When she reached the door to the flat and went inside, she was surprised to find the light on and her father standing expectantly in the middle of the room. He had his hands in the pockets of his boiler suit and he was looking at her with a very unimpressed expression.
“Where have you been?” he asked her.
Felicity was not in a talking mood. “Out,” she said simply, and headed to her room.
He blocked her path. “You were at that club, weren’t you?”
Felicity frowned, and then she suddenly remembered her father’s objection to her visiting the Talk. She opened her mouth to respond but took far too long to decide whether to admit that she had gone against her father or lie to him, and it was this hesitation that revealed the truth.
“I told you not to go there,” he said, pointing at her aggressively. “Why did you go when I told you not to?”
“I’m sorry, I -”
“You’re sorry?” he interrupted her, raising his voice. “You deliberately break the rules and you’re sorry? That isn’t good enough, Felicity. You need to do as you’re told. You need to show me some respect. I’m your father!”
His hostility was on the increase, and it was beginning to frighten her.
“You can’t behave this way,” he continued, his voice almost amounting to a shout. “You can’t come waltzing in here at any time you please. This isn’t a hotel - it’s my home!”
Although he instantly realised the mistake he had made, the damage was done. Felicity’s fear vanished, replaced by a sudden burst of anger. She pushed past him and stormed to her room, slamming the door behind her. 
Her father let her go. He could have easily stopped her, for he was a man and she was only a young woman, but his guilt rooted him to the spot. Once the door slammed he turned to face it, considering whether or not he should go and say something, apologise maybe. But then his shoulders slumped and he trudged unhappily to the fridge for a can of beer.
Within the privacy of her room, Felicity sat on her broken bed, hugging her knees close to her chest. She had always suspected that she was not welcome in her father’s flat, and now she was certain. She had invaded his space, interrupted his routine and was a drain on his hard-earned resources. This wasn’t her home - it was a place where she was living, where her father was obliged by law to keep her, but only for a time; in a couple of years, as soon as she was sixteen, she would find somewhere else to go and wouldn’t bother him any more.
She didn’t admit to herself how much his words had upset her. 

5.

Hollie couldn’t stop talking about Oliver at school the next day. Although she did enquire after Felicity’s health upon meeting her at the gate, she spent their walk to registration asking questions, answering them, formulating theories and expressing her exaggerated heartache over the failure of her date. She desperately wanted Felicity to tell her what had happened in the alleyway, but reluctantly settled for her friend’s explanation of ‘nothing’. 
For it had been nothing, Felicity had convinced herself. The more she had considered it, the more she was certain that she had imagined the glowing orb of light that had seemed so threatening. Perhaps she had even imagined Oliver’s presence. She felt quite silly, thinking about it now, and wished fervently that Hollie would cease her endless - and very vocal - train of thought on the subject.
Her relief came in the form of Mr Oakley, the School Counsellor, who approached the two friends as they left their registration form.
He smiled brightly at Felicity. “Ah, there you are. Are you ready for our next appointment?”
Felicity blinked, surprised. “Uh, right now?”
Mr Oakley nodded. “Right now,” he said, and headed off down the corridor. 
Hollie sighed. “I suppose we’ll talk later,” she said sadly, but as she was about to leave, she noticed Felicity’s panic-stricken face. “What’s up, Fliss? You look as though you’ve seen a ghost!”
Further down the corridor, the counsellor had stopped and was waiting expectantly for his client. “Miss Lucas?”
Felicity glanced pleadingly at Hollie, desperate for any source of aid, but she quickly realised that she could not evade her counselling sessions forever. With a heavy heart and her eyes down, she followed Mr Oakley to his office, dreading what was to follow.
In spite of the freshness of the September morning, the office was still dull and musty, except this time Felicity caught the distinct aroma of coffee. She breathed deeply to calm the flitting butterflies in her stomach as she sat down on one of the cushioned chairs, telling herself repeatedly that it would all be over soon. At least this time she would be prepared for the blunt nature of his questioning.
Clipboard once again in hand, Mr Oakley sat opposite her, smiling in a way that was intended to be comforting. If only he knew, Felicity thought, that there was nothing he could say or do that would make her feel more at ease - except, of course, allow her to leave.
“So how are you today?” he asked her.
“Fine,” Felicity replied quietly. 
“I spoke to your form tutor. She said that you’ve befriended a -” He glanced at his clipboard. “Hollie Clarke? Was she the girl with you in the corridor?”
Felicity relaxed slightly; this territory was safe. She nodded.
“This is my first time visiting Greenfields so I’m not familiar with her,” Mr Oakley said. “But I gather that she’s quite a popular girl. That should make things easier for you.”
Felicity shrugged.
“So did you do your homework?” he asked her, and then, upon seeing her slightly dazed expression, he added: “I asked you to write down some of your feelings.”
Felicity had entirely forgotten the counsellor’s assignment. “No,” she said. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay,” Mr Oakley said, waving his hand dismissively. “But I want you to make sure you do it for next time. It’s really important for us to form a basis for our talk. Whatever you write could be the key to helping you deal with your loss.”
Felicity nodded helplessly. She had no intention of writing down her feelings.
“Good, good,” the counsellor said happily. “So tell me about your mother. What did she do for a living?”
The question caught her off guard; she had just managed to calm herself, to convince herself that she could handle this intrusion into her private life, when he began asking about her mother again. She opened and closed her mouth like a goldfish.
The knock at the door was her saviour. With a frown, Mr Oakley put aside his clipboard and went to answer it. Felicity emitted a long, deep breath, wondering how she was going to answer the many questions this counsellor seemed to have about her mother. The last one was particularly strange.
Mr Oakley returned to the room. “Miss Lucas, I have to pop out quickly,” he said, reaching for his jacket. “You’ll be alright waiting here, won’t you? I won’t be long.”
He left, and Felicity heard his shoes clicking in the corridors as he went. As soon as the sound died, the door opened again, and Felicity looked up to see Hollie and Jamie entering the room with movements that could only be described as sneaky.
“Fliss!” Hollie cried as soon as she saw her, and rushed to embrace her. It was strange, feeling someone else’s arms wrap around her, fully enclosing her so that she had no chance of escape, but it was even stranger that Felicity couldn’t help but hug her friend in return. It must have been the shock, she decided. It lasted only a brief second before she pulled away.
“What are you doing here?” she asked, grateful yet confused.
“We’ve come to rescue you, of course!” Hollie said with a small giggle. “I saw the look on your face when that counsellor came to get you. You needed someone to save you - and who better than me, your BFF?”
“And her idiot brother.” Jamie moved past them, nodded at Felicity, and then sat down at the computer. He didn’t look happy.
“You said it, not me!” Hollie chuckled, and then, seeing Felicity’s enquiring gaze, she smiled brightly and explained: “We’re gonna get Olly’s phone number. Just while we’re here, you know? Jamie knows how to get onto the school system!”
Felicity shook her head in disbelief. “But - but why?”
“Because she fancies him, that’s why,” Jamie said over his shoulder, and Felicity could hear the irritation in his voice.
“Ignore him,” Hollie said, waving her hand. “He’s just angry because I blackmailed him into helping me. Oh, it’s okay,” she added, seeing Felicity’s concerned look. “This isn’t the worst thing to happen at Greenfields. Last year Callum Johnson locked our teacher in the cupboard and we all ran off. It took him the whole lesson just to get out. It was so funny!”
Felicity shuffled uneasily; the mention of Callum’s name brought back unpleasant memories, and it wasn’t much easier to hear Oliver’s name, either. “Why do you need Oliver’s number?” she asked.
“Our date didn’t really go very well,” Hollie said regretfully, her excited tone vanishing. “I need to see him again but he isn’t in school today. Don’t worry, Mr Oakley won’t be back any time soon. We told him that he was needed at, like, the far end of the school. We’ll be gone by the time he gets back. Ooh, this is so exciting!”
With an elated squeal and a trio of claps, Hollie bounced over to the computer, eager to watch her brother’s progress. The two of them bickered as Jamie typed and clicked his way into the system, and Felicity could see how annoyed he was at being forced into doing it. It had not taken her long to realise that Hollie was the master of truancy and homework evasion, and Jamie was her polar opposite. He was intelligent, well behaved and dedicated to acquiring the best grades he could. Whereas it was obvious that this wasn’t the first time he had broken the rules, he did not revel in it as his sister did.
Felicity stood awkwardly in the centre of the room, holding her arms tightly across her chest. She did not enjoy being back in the musty, cluttered office. It still felt overly warm in there, in spite of the fact that it had not been used since yesterday. The blinds were drawn, allowing only the tiniest peep of sunlight to leak inside. She glanced at the door, expecting it to open at any moment. The thought of being caught terrified her, for it would mean meetings, phone calls and letters to her father. At least, that was what she understood of the disciplinary system, and she wasn’t keen on the attention such things would attract, not least another confrontation with her father.
And then she caught sight of the clipboard on the table, and instantly her anxiety was replaced with curiosity. She found herself wondering what Mr Oakley had written about her, and whether or not she could use the information to avoid more counselling sessions. The opportunity was too good to miss.
She picked up the clipboard and began reading almost before she even realised it. The piece of paper seemed quite standard for a counselling session; Felicity’s name was printed at the top, along with her date of birth and address. The reason for counselling was listed as ‘maternal bereavement’. There were a few notes from her teachers about her behaviour, listing words such as ‘quiet’, ‘unresponsive’ and ‘shy’, but that was not what drew Felicity’s attention. Attached to the top of the sheet was a scrap of paper with a list of names. She didn’t recognise any of them, but she instantly noticed that they were all female. A few of them had been crossed out. One of them appeared to be of particular importance, for it was both circled and underlined several times. It was Felicity Lucas.
Confused and intrigued, Felicity lifted the page to reveal a bunch of newspaper clippings. They were not front page news stories, and few of them had pictures, but as her eyes traced the words of the headlines and scanned the images, Felicity realised that every article was about a car accident. She flicked through them, skimming the articles, until she came across one that she recognised. It was the accident that had caused her mother’s death.
She was so surprised that she dropped the clipboard and it clattered noisily as it landed on the floor.
Hollie and Jamie turned around at the noise. “You okay, Fliss?” Hollie asked.
“Uh, yes,” Felicity stammered as she bent down to scoop up the papers that had come loose from the clipboard, hesitating as she came across the newspaper clippings. With shaking hands, she piled the papers back in the order in which she had found them and replaced the clipboard on the table. The news article relating to her mother, however, found its way into her blazer pocket.
Something caught her eye as she was about to stand up. On the floor, next to one of the chairs, was a briefcase. It was open, and spilling out from the top of it was a wide variety of papers, folders and books. It must have belonged to Mr Oakley, for the way in which it had been so carelessly packed was reminiscent of the cluttered, untidy nature of the office. 
One of the books was open, and Felicity saw that it was filled with handwritten notes. The strange nature of this school counsellor caused her curiosity to get the better of her once again, except it was now mingled with an unnerving suspicion, though she knew not what for. Without any regard for the consequences, Felicity pulled the book out of the suitcase and began hastily flicking through it.
Notes, diagrams, symbols and images littered the pages. Some of it was in a language that Felicity couldn’t read and didn’t even recognise. She did, however, recognise the style of the handwriting. The loops and curls were unmistakable. It wasn’t Mr Oakley’s harsh, capitalised style, but the feminine script of her very own mother.
“What?” Hollie’s cry made Felicity’s jump and slam the book shut. “What do you mean, he’s not there?”
“His number isn’t here,” Jamie explained less than apologetically. “I looked through the entire system. No personal info, no contact details, no timetable - nothing.”
Felicity shoved the notebook in her satchel and joined the twins at the computer.
“What am I gonna do?” Hollie moaned. “How am I gonna find him?”
Jamie shook his head as he stared intently at the computer screen. “It’s bizarre,” he murmured. “Even his grade predictions are gone. It’s like... it’s like he was never even here.”
“I can’t end our relationship on that first date,” Hollie continued. “It was a disaster!”
“Oh, grow up, Hollie,” Jamie groaned.
“That’s easy for you to say!” his sister said. “You don’t have a love life, and probably never will. But I have a reputation to think about!”
Jamie rolled his eyes as he stood up from the computer. He looked at Felicity. “I hope you’re prepared to deal with this for the entire school day,” he sighed, gesturing towards his sister.
Felicity didn’t answer him. She clutched the strap of her satchel tightly.
“Let’s get out of here,” Jamie said. “Come on, Hollie.”

Jamie had been right about his sister. For the rest of the day, Hollie was in mourning. At first she complained quite openly and rather noisily, much to the irritation of her teachers, one of whom was compelled to remove her from the class for ten whole minutes. Her endless group of supporters sympathised greatly. Towards the afternoon, however, she began her silent grieving process, staring at the air before her eyes and staying close to Felicity, who could do nothing but be there, for providing comfort was not her speciality. This did nothing to deter Hollie; in fact, she seemed to feel better in the company of herself, Felicity and her own thoughts and, as a result, shunned the fellowship of the other girls.
As soon as she was able, which happened to be during last period, Felicity excused herself from lessons and headed to the girls’ toilets, where she locked herself within a cubicle and took out the book she had found in Mr Oakley’s office. She felt a warm surge in her stomach when she looked at it, for she was very aware that in taking it she had committed an offence. Still, she was so certain that the book belonged to her mother that she had felt she had no choice but to take it, as if she was returning it to its rightful owner. This sudden sense of duty was strange and new to her.
The book was very worn, and looked as though it was bound by leather and string. She opened it at random. It was definitely her mother’s handwriting. Felicity would have known the distinctive style anywhere. Although the two of them had not been close, Felicity often used to attempt to imitate her mother’s handwriting, especially when she was younger and had longed for her mother’s attention. The way she had formed the words in sweeping loops and joined each letter to the next, the way she had carefully placed dots and little squiggles above and below certain letters was unlike any other style that Felicity had ever seen. As a child, she had found it beautiful. It occurred to Felicity then that her young self had found many things about her mother beautiful.
Though she could make out some of the words, Felicity had no idea what the contents of the journal meant. Many of the pages were structured into lists, and the paragraphs appeared to be instructions, but it meant nothing to Felicity. Nor could she understand the many pictures, diagrams and symbols that her mother had drawn. 
She traced the letters of ink with her fingertips, trying to imagine what the book had been for. Closing her eyes, she visualised her mother sitting in her study at their house in the countryside, one hand resting on the open pages and the other holding a pen, but she found it hard to see her face; her dark hair, blue eyes and pale skin were all a blur. Felicity wondered if she was starting to forget her.
She suddenly remembered the scrap of newspaper she had taken from the office and retrieved it from her pocket. She had not watched the news or read the papers around the time that her mother died. She hadn’t wanted to be faced with it. But time was a healer - wasn’t that how the saying went? Maybe now she was ready.
She straightened out the crumpled paper and was greeted by the monochrome image of the car crash. Debris from her mother’s vehicle littered the street. Police cars and ambulances were parked up nearby. There didn’t need to be a picture of Audrey’s lifeless body because Felicity could see it in her head. She could see the blood covering her mother’s pale skin. She could see her vacant eyes staring upwards.
The image made her feel nauseas, so she read the article itself instead. It didn’t tell her anything she didn’t already know. A tragic accident, the vehicle spun out of control, a mystery... various theories went that she had swerved to avoid a deer or fallen asleep at the wheel. The police had said all of these things to Felicity when they had turned up on her doorstep the next day.
It had been a Saturday. Felicity had thought that her mother had been working in Birmingham, so was quite surprised to find that the accident had happened just a few miles from their countryside home. Early that morning, before she had even got dressed, she had heard the sound of a car engine and tyres on gravel, followed by that knock on the door -
The door to the girls’ toilets opened, bringing Felicity unceremoniously back to reality. She shoved the journal back into her satchel and headed back along the quiet corridors to her classroom, feeling unsatisfied. She had hoped that she might have learnt something about her mother from reading the book. She had thought that perhaps she would have been able to understand her better somehow. But she had been wrong, and as she walked she wondered whether or not she would ever truly know who her mother was.
The hand that grabbed her roughly by the shoulder caught her by surprise, making her cry out, and she found herself shoved against the wall of the corridor and staring into the face of Mr Oakley.
“Miss Lucas,” he said in a hushed voice. “We didn’t finish our counselling session today.”
Felicity froze beneath his gaze, feeling suddenly terrified. “Um, I - I know,” she stammered. “I can come and see you tomorrow?”
Mr Oakley shook his head vigorously. “That won’t be good enough, I’m afraid,” he said, lowering his voice and glancing both ways down the corridor. “You see, you have something of mine, Miss Lucas, and I need it back.”
Felicity swallowed, pressing herself up against the wall in a vain attempt to put more distance between herself and the counsellor. Her eyes flicked desperately from side to side in search of aid.
“Just give it back to me,” Mr Oakley continued. “And I won’t report you to the head teacher.”
Felicity knew that the school would not take theft lightly, for that was the crime she had committed. She had taken something without permission, something that did not belong to her. But then, it did not belong to Mr Oakley, either.
“I don’t know what you mean, sir,” she breathed, her voice shaking.
Mr Oakley’s worried expression altered into one of anger. “I don’t have time to play silly, childish games,” he said. “Give me the book you stole from me. Now.”
“I didn’t steal anything,” Felicity persisted, holding tightly onto the straps of her satchel.
“Don’t lie to me.” Mr Oakley’s face grew more severe. His eyes bored into hers. He moved his face so close that she could feel his breath on her skin. “You don’t know what you’re dealing with, little girl.” And then, to Felicity’s horror, Mr Oakley dropped his eyes to her satchel.
The bell rang, distracting him, and Felicity took her chance. She slipped beneath his arm and ran down the corridor. The counsellor tried to follow her but was caught in the rush of students as they hurriedly and eagerly exited their classrooms. As she reached the door at the far end, Felicity flicked a final glance over her shoulder and saw Mr Oakley helplessly watching her leave the school premises.
Once she got outside, Felicity ran as fast as she could and did not stop until she got back to the flat.

6.

The months drew on and the season became colder. By mid-December, the temperature had dipped so much that it had already started to snow. The flakes floated down in their thousands, sometimes soft and gentle, and at other times caught up in the bitter winds of an angry storm. The only thing that kept spirits high when school remained open was the impending festivities of Christmas.
Christmas meant very little to Felicity. Usually she spent the time off boarding school studying. Her mother didn’t put up decorations or send cards, and she never disclosed to Felicity the reason why. The house was as gloomy and quiet at Christmastime as it was the rest of the year. Her father’s flat was much the same; as the festive holiday drew closer, there was no sign that Felicity’s father was going to purchase a tree or that he had an artificial one stuffed in a cupboard somewhere. 
The atmosphere at school was very different. In the last week of term, Felicity noticed students exchanging gifts wrapped in brightly coloured paper, ripping them open although it was still a week until Christmas Day. Felicity herself received a few cards from students with whom she had barely even held a conversation. Girls came to school with tinsel in their hair and tiny festive characters hanging from their ears. Mobile devices blared out the sounds of Christmas tunes in the corridors until the students responsible were shouted at by teachers trying unsuccessfully to implement the mobile phone ban. A huge tree with mismatched, secondhand decorations stood tall in the main foyer, the perfect target for the pranks and jokes of the Greenfields students; by the end of term, it looked more than a little worse for wear.
It had been just over three months since Felicity had joined the suburban school and she was finally starting to feel as though she was settling in. Her relationship with her father had not improved. The two of them barely spoke, only exchanging strained formalities as they accidentally met one another on their way somewhere else. It was for this reason that Greenfields had become a kind of haven for her. 
Hollie still insisted on dragging her wherever she went and told everyone that the two of them were best friends, much to the disappointment of many of the girls in her entourage. Felicity had disclosed many things to her that she hadn’t previously, including admitting that her mother was dead. But she still couldn’t bring herself to go into detail, although a part of her wanted to. The only other person that Felicity felt she knew was Jamie, and although the three of them did not spend much time together in school (because Hollie had a reputation to protect), they frequently saw one another in their spare time. Hollie acted as though she begrudged spending time with her twin brother, but Felicity had learnt that it was all for show. However much she tried to hide it behind the insults and looks of disgust, Hollie enjoyed having Jamie around.
Felicity was reluctant to admit it, but she enjoyed having friends. Every day she went to school and Hollie had something new to tell her and Jamie had a new insult for his twin. The two of them bickered incessantly, but it was clear that they had a great affection for one another. Felicity was almost jealous, for she had tasted friendship for the first time in her life and could only imagine what closeness siblings had, let alone twins. Of course, she would never say any of these things aloud.
The twins approached the coming holiday with a sense of dread. Their father was going to Spain with their stepmother over Christmas and new year, so Jamie was being forced to stay with Hollie and their mother. 
“It’s always the same,” he told Felicity at lunchtime one day. “Mum makes jibes at Dad that she thinks are subtle and it’s so agonisingly blatant that she wants me to pass them on. Then she spends the rest of the time making sure I’m doing my homework and that I know all my topics for next year. One time she even gave me a quiz.”
“Doesn’t she check Hollie’s homework?” Felicity asked, aware of her friend’s talent for avoiding deadlines and skipping lessons.
Jamie laughed. “Yeah, right. Hollie’s going to be a model, as far as our dear mother is concerned. Apparently that makes homework redundant in her case. As for me, well, I’m destined to become whatever requires the most training, the most qualifications and the most intelligence. One week it’s a doctor, the next it’s a lawyer... she has only the highest expectations of me.”
Felicity had wondered then what expectations her father had of her. He hadn’t mentioned any since she had moved in. He dutifully checked her homework planner and regularly asked how school was going, but Felicity sensed that he did so because he felt he should, rather than because he actually cared, and even this had become less and less of a priority as time went on. Had she been so inclined, she could have easily hidden homework tasks and lied to him about her progress, but she didn’t want to risk another confrontation like the one that had come from her going to the Talk, and she certainly didn’t want any trouble from the teachers, however ineffective some of them were.
Felicity and her father had never really recovered from that exchange, in spite of the time that had passed. She had been spending even more time in her bedroom than she used to, if that were even possible, but not only in an effort to avoid her father, but because she still had her mother’s journal. Every night before she went to sleep she would flick through the worn pages, reading the words and studying the strange pictures. She never made any more sense of it, but she was glad just to have it.
Mr Oakley had not returned to Greenfields, and nor had Oliver. Hollie had been upset for a week or two and had tried in vain to locate him using various social networking sites, but no one had seen or even heard anything from him. What was even more curious was that no one even seemed to know where he had come from. It was quite a mystery, which made it all the more enticing for Hollie. Still, as the weeks rolled by and they heard no news, she stopped talking about it altogether.
Felicity was relieved, though she said nothing. Although she could not fully recall the events of that night, Oliver still unnerved her, and she felt much more relaxed now that he and Mr Oakley were gone. No one seemed to know much about the school counsellor, either, but then his work was not limited to Greenfields; it had been his job to visit students in all of the schools in the area. The students didn’t much care that he wasn’t around at present, and Felicity didn’t show how much the counsellor bothered her. She was just glad that he had not come back, and given the fact that she had heard nothing from the head teacher regarding the apparent theft of her mother’s journal, she guessed that he had not reporting her for stealing.
It was snowing on Christmas Eve. Felicity’s father was working late, so she took the opportunity to spend time outside her tiny bedroom and watch some television. There had been many festive films on. For the most part Felicity had avoided them, but as the snow floated down outside and the coloured lights adorning the neighbouring buildings twinkled in through the windows of the flat, she found herself entirely absorbed in the story of a little girl trying to prove that Father Christmas really did exist.
When the film ended, Felicity went to bed. Dressed in her pyjamas and dressing gown, for her window was still stuck open, she nestled beneath her thick duvet and flicked through the pages of her mother’s notebook, just as she did every night. The words glared at her, challenging her to understand them and mocking her when she failed. She muttered them under her breath. She had looked online to find a translation to the words that were not in English but could find none. It was gibberish to her. She wondered how Mr Oakley had come to have been in possession of the book, and why he had been so desperate to get it back. You don’t know what you’re dealing with, that’s what he had said to her the last time she had seen him. The words chilled her more than the bitter winter air.
She drifted off to sleep before she even realised it, and when she awoke it was Christmas Day.
There were no bells. Felicity pushed the covers aside and got dressed, eager to be out of the flat before her father got up. She had arranged to meet Hollie and Jamie later, for the two of them were not looking forward to sharing the Christmas spirit in the style of the broken Clarke family. She opened her bedroom door and stopped abruptly when she saw the Christmas tree standing by the television.
Her father had been sitting on the sofa when she came in, but he stood up when he saw his daughter. He shuffled awkwardly on the spot, clearly unsure of what to say, before he settled for: “Merry Christmas.”
Felicity looked from the tree to her father and then back again. He was holding a beer.
He noticed at her attire. “Are you going out?”
She nodded.
“Oh.” He lowered his eyes. There was a pause, and then he put his bottle on the table and retrieved something from beneath the tree. “Well, open this before you go,” he said, and handed it to her.
Felicity looked at the gift. It was small and rectangular, and was poorly wrapped in thin, cheap wrapping paper with festive cartoon figures all over it. Aware that her father was watching her expectantly, she slowly unwrapped it, and was surprised by the flicker of excitement that stirred within her.
It was a trinket box of some kind. Made of wood that had been finished in a dark varnish, it had intricate floral patterns carved all over it. On the top was a brass inlay of a rose.
“I thought you could put your, uh, mother’s things in there,” her father explained.
Felicity turned the box over in her hands, feeling the grooves of the carvings with her fingers. When she turned it upside down she caught sight of a white sticker that read: £6.99.
Her father’s shoulders slumped. “Uh, sorry. I uh, forgot to take that off.”
Felicity held the box in her hands and stared at it for the longest time. This was the first Christmas gift she had received in many years; she couldn’t even remember exactly when it was that her mother had stopped buying them for her. She felt strange and warm, and didn’t really know what to do.
“Thank you,” she said quietly.
Her father nodded, smiling slightly, and then he sat back down on the sofa and resumed his vigil of the television. Felicity had originally planned to go out that morning, to escape the flat and wander around town before meeting her friends, just to avoid spending any time with her father. But the gift and the Christmas tree changed her mind. With the box still in her hands, she slowly sat down on the sofa beside him. He didn’t look at her.
Later that day, when her father announced that he was going down to the pub, Felicity went to meet Hollie and Jamie at their father’s house. It was in a different part of the neighbourhood, a part where trees lined the streets and the tall, terraced houses were surrounded by black iron fences. Each house was at least three storeys high, and that didn’t even include the cellar. Felicity had visited once before and had been naturally intrigued as to why the twins had been sent to Greenfields when their parents could have easily afforded to buy them a private education, to which Hollie had explained that their mother was a local councillor and had to be seen as ‘doing her bit’ for the local community. Felicity wasn’t entirely sure how sending the twins to the worst school in the area could have been seen as a service, but she didn’t ask.
When Felicity arrived, Hollie and Jamie were slumped miserably over the table in the massive kitchen, wearing expressions that did not reflect the joyous nature of the day. 
“Thank God you’re here, Fliss,” Hollie said when she saw her.
“Why?” Felicity asked. “What’s wrong?”
“Don’t ask,” Jamie said. “You do not want to know what kind of day we’ve had. Seriously.” 
“It was terrible!” Hollie suddenly cried. “Firstly, Mum invited her horrible boyfriend, who ate all of the chocolate fingers. All of them! They’re my favourite,” she added sadly. “And then she started ripping into the presents that Dad got us, saying that they were crap, that he hadn’t put any thought into them, blah blah blah...”
Jamie looked at his sister and sighed.
“Was it really that bad?” Felicity asked.
“You have no idea,” Hollie groaned. “She wouldn’t stop badmouthing Dad. It only got worse when the karaoke party started.”
“Karaoke?”
“She alway does karaoke when she’s had too much to drink,” Jamie explained. “And she always sings that D.I.V.O.R.C.E song.”
“Very badly,” Hollie added. She threw herself down on the table with a loud groan. “This is the worst Christmas ever,” she moaned with her face down, causing her voice to come out muffled.
“We shouldn’t have expected anything else. It’s the same every year,” Jamie said with a hopeless shrug. “At least we managed to escape.”
Hollie snorted. “Mum didn’t even notice. She was too drunk.”
Felicity didn’t talk about her morning, for she feared that it would sound incredibly insignificant to the chaos at the Clarke household. She didn’t mention that her father had put up a three foot tree and haphazardly flung some tinsel over it. She didn’t tell them that he had given her a cheap gift that she loved, and so embroiled were they with their own affairs that they didn’t ask, which suited Felicity just fine.
Suddenly and decisively, Hollie got up from the kitchen table and began raiding the cupboards of her father’s kitchen, eventually returning with a couple of bottles. “I’ve decided that I’m not gonna have a crappy Christmas,” she said, and placed the bottles on the table.
Jamie rolled his eyes. “So you want to be just like Mum?”
“Well, at least she’s having a good time!” Hollie exclaimed, and looked at Felicity. “Come on, Fliss, what do you say? Fancy a drink?”
Felicity looked from the wine bottles to Hollie, who had a desperate, pleading look in her eyes. She shrugged her shoulders. 
“Brilliant!” Hollie cried excitedly.
It didn’t take the three of them long to finish the two bottles of wine. Hollie showed them a drinking game that she had seen her mother play when she had friends over and thought Hollie was in bed. It consisted of drinking a shot glass full wine as a forfeit, though, as Hollie explained, it was supposed to be vodka. But she hated vodka, and wine was the only other alternative. Jamie was particularly bad at the game. Several shot glasses and wine bottles later, the three of them found themselves sitting in the front lounge, giggling and grinning much more than usual.
Felicity had never had alcohol before, and though she drank the least out of all of them, she could feel the effects almost instantly. Her eyes found it difficult to focus and it soon became a challenge just to walk in a straight line, so she avoided it and settled on the sofa instead. Hollie sat next to her, still clutching a glass full of wine, whilst Jamie sat on the floor with his back resting against an armchair.
“You should have seen his face,” Hollie was saying, though it was hard to understand her between the giggles. “I thought he was gonna cry.”
Jamie looked hurt. “Well, I’d never been sent out of a lesson before. And I was only twelve!”
“Why did she send you out?” Felicity asked, grinning widely.
“Oh, oh! That’s the best part,” Hollie said, shuffling on the sofa to face Felicity. “He got sent out for talking, right -”
“But everyone was talking!” Jamie cried defensively.
Hollie ignored him. “The teacher said that it was because...” She paused deliberately. “He was the closest!” With the revelation made public, she rolled back on the sofa, laughing wildly and spilling her wine.
“Careful!” Jamie reprimanded her, sitting up to examine the floor for drops of fluid. “Dad’ll be pissed if you stain the carpet.”
Hollie pointed at her brother. “You see?” she said to Felicity. “He’s such an old man. Here, bro, I think you need some more wine -” And she promptly began filling Jamie’s glass.
“You callin’ me an old man?” Jamie asked, slurring his words slightly. “Well at least I didn’t go to the toilet in my toy box!”
Hollie’s eyes widened and she threw a cushion at Jamie, who fell over backwards.
“And I wasn’t the one who couldn’t hold my bladder on the school trip, either!” Jamie declared.
“You absolute swine!” Hollie screamed, launching more cushion missiles at Jamie. “We were at primary school!”
Jamie tried to defend himself from the attack and managed to catch Felicity’s eye. “She totally wet herself, you know. Had to borrow a fresh pair of knickers from a friend!”
“Jamie!” Hollie cried.
Jamie then proceeded to act out the embarrassing scene in an overly dramatic way, complete with sound effects and a surprisingly good impersonation of his sister. Both girls fell over themselves in laughter. When they finally recovered, Hollie turned to Felicity.
“So Fliss,” she said. “Do you have any funny school stories to share?”
“Yeah, I don’t think you’ve ever told me anything about your school,” Jamie said. “Wasn’t it an all girls’ school?”
“Ignore that loser,” Hollie said. “He’s just a gross pervert.”
“Hey,” Jamie protested weakly.
“Uh.” Felicity had lost her drink-induced joy and her smile had faded. She stared at her glass of wine. “I, uh, don’t really have any stories to tell.”
“Oh come on,” Hollie persisted. “It was a boarding school. There must have been loads of cool stuff that happened when you were all in dorms together.”
“You were all in dorms together?” Jamie asked, his interest piqued.
“Ew!” Hollie groaned, jabbing her brother in the ribs.
“There really isn’t anything to tell,” Felicity insisted. “It was really strict. We wouldn’t have got away with locking teachers in cupboards and faking sick notes.”
“Yeah, but the teachers weren’t there all the time, were they?” Hollie asked. “Come on, Fliss. You can tell us. We swear it won’t go beyond these four walls. Don’t we, Jamie?”
Felicity tried to concentrate but her head felt fuzzy. She was torn, as ever, between opening up to the only friends she had ever had and keeping herself to herself, which was what had kept her going for the last ten years or so. A couple of hours ago habit would have been victorious.
But things were different now that two or three bottles of wine had been drained.
“I don’t have anything to tell because I, uh... I didn’t have any friends.”
There was a pause. Hollie and Jamie exchanged glances before Hollie said: “I don’t believe that, Fliss -”
“No, no, it’s true,” Felicity continued. “I didn’t have any friends and I... I didn’t have any fun.” She regarded Hollie and Jamie. Both of them were staring at her with their eyes wide, and their penetrating gazes made Felicity want to sink into the sofa and disappear. Instead, she gulped down her entire glass of wine. “I was alone,” she said quietly, staring at the floor. “I wanted to make friends. I tried to make friends. But my mum, she - she never taught me how, so I didn’t know what to say or how to act, so I never made any.”
She looked at Hollie and Jamie. “But you,” she said, her eyes welling up with tears and her voice overflowing with emotion. “You two have been so nice to me, and I didn’t think I wanted to be your friend but you wouldn’t stop trying to be my friend and now I’m glad because - because - because I really like you both.” She let out a sigh and hung her head.
Hollie held her hand over her heart. “Oh em gee, Fliss,” she said “That was... beautiful.”
Felicity looked up. “Really?”
Hollie nodded, and then she moved towards Felicity and they embraced, clinging to one another like survivors of a shipwreck and becoming one shaking, sobbing mess. Jamie looked on, staring at the two of them in disbelief, and then he rolled his eyes.
“Girls shouldn’t get drunk,” he muttered to himself, and then he took a swig of wine straight from the bottle.

The air grew colder, the sky grew darker and the three friends finally succumbed to the drowsiness that began to creep over them, falling asleep whilst watching White Christmas. Empty wine bottles and crisp packets littered the floor. Felicity and Hollie were huddled beneath a blanket at either end of the sofa, whilst Jamie was snoozing on the armchair. All three of them had somewhere else they were supposed to be, but the drink had dampened their sense of responsibility and clouded their awareness of the time.
None of them stirred when the front door of the house clicked open and someone came inside. The footsteps upon the black and white tiles in the hallway were silent, as if the owner was simply drifting over them. They didn’t wake up when the intruder entered the lounge where they were all sleeping and peer into the gloom, searching for something.
When a strong hand clasped itself tightly over Hollie’s mouth, she noticed. Her eyes snapped open.
“Where’s Felicity?”
The voice came from the shadowy figure looming above her. Unable to scream, Hollie stared in a wide-eyed panic. She tried to struggle but couldn’t move. The intruder raised his other hand and began to reach towards her, and as Hollie watched she was stunned to see it burst into flame. 
There was a thudding noise and the fire vanished. With a grunt, the stranger fell forwards, landing limp and heavy on top of Hollie. She squealed and pushed him to the floor. In the dim light, she saw Jamie standing there, holding one of the empty wine bottles.
“Get the hell away from my sister,” he breathed.

7.

Hollie’s scream woke Felicity with a start. She flung the blanket to one side just as Jamie turned the lights on, and was shocked when she saw the body lying face down on the carpet.
“Oh my God, Jamie, you’ve killed him! You’ve killed him!” Hollie squeaked frantically. 
Jamie stared down at the motionless figure, whose long coat and hood covered him almost completely. He still held the wine bottle in his hand, and was clinging onto it so tightly that his knuckles had turned white. His face, painted in an expression of horror, was a similar colour.
“Did you see what he did?” he gasped.
“Of course I saw what he did!” Hollie exclaimed. “He was about to strangle me - with hands that were on fire, by the way!”
“On fire?” Felicity sprung from the sofa. 
“Actual fire!” Hollie cried. “How did he do that?”
“But... who is he?”
The three of them stared down at the intruder. It was impossible to tell if he was even male, though they kept on referring to him as such. They all knew that there would be only one way to confirm his identity.
“Alright,” Jamie said, straightening. “I’ll do it.”
Handing the wine bottle to Hollie, he pushed up his sleeves and approached the intruder slowly and hesitantly, as if expecting him to jump up at any given moment. Nervously and with shaking hands, he pushed him onto his back.
All of them recognised the face, but it was Jamie who spoke first. “Oliver.”
“Oliver?!” Hollie exclaimed. “But - what is he doing here? And how did he - that fire - just what is going on?”
Felicity felt an icy tremor in the pit of her stomach as soon as she saw Oliver’s face. Suddenly she knew that her encounter with him several months ago had been real - he had conjured some kind of shining orb that night, just as he had now tried to harm Hollie with hands that spouted fire. 
“We need to call the police,” Hollie was saying, clutching her Blackberry.
“And tell them what?” Jamie hissed at her, snatching the phone from her hands. “That we just accidentally killed an ex-student who tried to attack you with his flamethrower hands?”
“I don’t know! But we have to do something!”
Felicity was still staring at Oliver. She shook her head. “He’s not dead.” 
The twins ceased their arguing and looked at her. 
She pointed at him. “Look. He’s breathing.”
She was right. Oliver’s chest was slowly but surely moving steadily up and down with each breath he took. 
“Oh my God, oh my God,” Hollie breathed as she looked at Oliver. It was clear that she was finding it difficult to breathe. She began clumsily fanning herself with her hands. “I can’t deal with this. I just can’t!”
There was something about the way in which her friend had descended into a mode of utter panic that kept Felicity calm, although she felt absolutely terrified. Stepping between Oliver’s outstretched limbs, she approached Hollie and took her by the shoulders.
“Hollie, listen to me,” she said firmly, though her voice was still shaking. “You have to calm down.”
Hollie nodded vigorously, her eyes locked on Oliver. She tried taking deeper breaths and kept shifting her weight from her left foot to her right and back again, as if she was unable to remain still. At last, she sank down onto the sofa. “What are we gonna do?” she asked weakly.
“We can’t take this to the police,” Jamie decided, shaking his head.
“We can’t leave him there, either,” Felicity said.
“No, we can’t.” Jamie appeared to think for a moment, and then he moved towards Oliver and hooked his arms underneath his.
Hollie watched him. “What are you doing?”
Jamie began to drag Oliver out of the lounge. “I’m taking him down to the cellar.”
“The cellar?!” Hollie exclaimed, jumping to her feet. “Are you serious? What for?”
“Look,” Jamie said adamantly. “If you want to call the police, or Mum or anyone else and tell them that we just had a fire breathing maniac attack us in our sleep, then do it. But I won’t. I’m not going to get locked up in prison or the mental hospital. I’m taking him down to the cellar, and when he wakes up I’m going to ask him why he broke into my house and tried to strangle my sister. Alright?”
For a moment, Felicity watched as Jamie struggled to carry Oliver out of the room, and then it was her turn to make a decision. She moved forward and took hold of Oliver’s heavy legs.
“Fliss?!” Hollie cried in disbelief, and then she shook her head. “This is crazy. Crazy!”
She proceeded to follow her brother and friend down to the cellar, unable to cease her seemingly endless vocalisation of her fears, worries and anxieties. Felicity and Jamie ignored her, though both of them felt just as nervous and scared. When they got to the base of the cellar steps, they found a chair and some rope and began to tie Oliver to a large pipe that ran along one of the walls.
Hollie stared open-mouthed. “You’re tying him up?”
“Well, do you want him to sling another fireball at you?” Jamie asked irritably. 
“I just think this is silly. Tying someone up in our cellar -”
“We all know what you think, Hollie,” Jamie said. “You haven’t stopped going on about it.”
After that, Hollie was quiet. Felicity watched as Jamie tied a tight, complex knot in the rope to secure Oliver’s hands, eager to avoid any more strange happenings. Then the three of them stood back and stared.
The cellar was silent. Oliver was still unconscious, and they noticed a thin line of blood trickling from his forehead, presumably from where Jamie had struck him with the wine bottle. His upper body slumped forward.
Several minutes passed. Jamie began to pace the cellar aimlessly. Hollie sat down on an old bench and hugged her arms tightly around her chest. Felicity sat next to her, staring intently at Oliver and trying to take in all that happened that evening. She felt sorry for Hollie, for she had been the victim this time, and quite understood her panic though she did not share it. She unintentionally imagined Oliver’s hands clapped across her own mouth and instantly tried to shake the image from her mind.
“Do you think we should throw some water on his face or something?” Jamie suddenly asked in a quiet voice, breaking the silence.
Felicity looked at him. “You want to wake him up?”
“We should do that thing,” Hollie suggested. “You know, the thing they do on TV. They make them smell something and it always makes them wake up -”
“Those are smelling salts, genius,” Jamie said, his voice oozing with sarcasm. “And we don’t have any.”
“Well, I’m sorry!” Hollie declared dramatically. “I’ve never tied a person up in my cellar before, so forgive me for not knowing what smelling salts are!”
Jamie shook his head in irritation.
When all was silent again, Felicity spoke. “What if he... you know...” she murmured.
They stared.
“I tied his hands pretty tight,” Jamie said. “I don’t think he’ll be able to...” His voice trailed off, for none of them had yet found a suitable word or phrase to describe exactly what Oliver had tried to do.
Hollie sighed, running her fingers gently over her face. “I think he left a mark,” she said, and turned to Felicity. “Did he leave a mark?”
He hadn’t, and Felicity told her so.
Oliver stirred and groaned, startling all three of them simultaneously. Jamie took a step backwards. Felicity and Hollie stiffened. All of them watched as their captive intruder cricked his neck from side and side and opened his eyes.
He didn’t see the trio straight away. His brow furrowed in confusion as he saw the concrete cellar floor, and then he realised that his hands were bound. He tugged fruitlessly at the ropes, clanging the knots noisily against the ageing pipes, and then he snapped his neck upwards and finally saw them. He focused on each of them in turn, and then he rolled his eyes and let out a malcontented sigh. He was more like an irritated student caught for breaking the no chewing gum rule than a captive attempted murderer. 
He raised his eyebrows impassively. “Untie me,” he ordered.
The three friends exchanged nervous glances; none of them knew what to say. Felicity was surprised by his voice, as she was certain that she had heard him talk before but it didn’t sound quite as deep as she had expected it to be. 
Oliver’s tone became more sinister. “I said... untie me.”
“No way!” Hollie exclaimed, suddenly unable to control herself. “You like, totally tried to kill me!”
“Hollie...” Jamie said warningly. 
“I wasn’t trying to kill you,” Oliver said patronisingly. “I was trying to scare you.” He snorted. “Seems like it worked better than I thought.”
Hollie averted her eyes.
“Look,” Oliver said calmly. “This is crazy. Just untie me.”
“Not until you tell us what’s going on,” Jamie said a little more bravely than he felt.
Oliver laughed and shook his head innocently. “It was just a Christmas Day prank is all,” he said. “Can’t you guys take a joke?”
Hollie and Jamie exchanged glances as if they were considering Oliver’s words. What they had seen that night was so unbelievable that they were beginning to question their own memories, just as Felicity had. There was no way to be certain that they had truly seen what they thought they had seen, and Oliver’s new explanation seemed just as plausible as anything else.
But Felicity was not fooled, for she had seen things before. “That was no joke,” she said darkly, hanging back behind the twins. She was eager to put distance between herself and Oliver.
Oliver’s feigned playfulness faded instantly, and he regarded Felicity with an expression of contempt that was impossible for Hollie and Jamie to miss.
Jamie backed away from him. “What’s going on?” he asked warily. “Who are you? And why did you come here and attack my sister?”
“Forget that,” Hollie piped up. “Just what was that flamey-fist thing all about?”
Oliver smirked. “You’re all so stupid,” he said, and then he sighed. “I can’t believe I got caught by the likes of you.”
“Hey,” Hollie protested.
“That ‘flamey-fist thing’ was a spell, a spell designed to burn the flesh from your bones - not that you two would have any idea about that kind of power. You’re just children, so ignorant and blind that you can’t see what’s going on around you. Now, you are going to untie me, and if you don’t then I promise you’ll see exactly what I’m capable of.”
 He spoke so calmly and confidently that each of the friends half expected one another to do exactly as he asked, but none of them moved. They simply stared, lost and unsure, until after a few moments Oliver emitted another sigh and leaned back in the chair. It was then that the others realised he was completely helpless, and his bluffs lost all their power.
Jamie turned to the girls. “He’s harmless. Why don’t you go and get some sleep?” he suggested. “It’s really late. I’ll stay down here and keep an eye on him.”
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Felicity ventured.
“I don’t think he can hurt me,” Jamie said, glancing back at Oliver, who was watching them intently. “Go on. It’s alright.”
Felicity and Hollie exchanged glances, and then Felicity nodded and the two girls left the cellar. Oliver kept his eyes on them the entire time. It was then and only then that Felicity realised something curious about one of the things that Oliver had said: not that the two of you would have any idea about that kind of power... 
The two of you, he had said. Not three.
Felicity and Hollie agreed in silence that they did not want to be on their own that night. Too much had happened. Hollie kept on stroking her face as if trying to erase the memory of the attack, and her entire demeanour seemed to have changed; though her bubbly, feisty nature did still make an appearance, such as when she had been questioning Oliver, for the most part she had become quiet and withdrawn. She walked up the stairs and along the landing in small, anxious steps, hunching her shoulders and keeping her eyes to the floor.
Felicity was also troubled. She couldn’t stop thinking about what Oliver had said, and even though he appeared to be unable to do any magic whilst his hands were tied behind his back, she couldn’t feel safe and she was concerned about leaving Jamie down in the cellar with him.
Magic. It seemed both ridiculous and crazy to be considering that such a thing existed, but then Felicity had twice seen Oliver do things that she could not explain. The thought of it made her stomach turn. She kept expecting to wake up and find that everything that had happened had been a dream. 
“Fliss?”
Hollie’s voice penetrated the dark of the bedroom, catching Felicity by surprise. The two of them had been tucked up side by side in Hollie’s father’s bed for a while, and Felicity had thought her friend had fallen asleep.
“Yeah?” she answered her.
“Did you mean what you said before?” Hollie asked. “You know... about not having any friends at boarding school?”
For a moment Felicity was confused, and then she suddenly remembered everything she had said earlier that night and was overcome with embarrassment, which was a stark change to the fear that had flooded her mind and heart. She wasn’t sure which was worse. 
She squirmed uncomfortably beneath the sheets. “Um... yeah,” she admitted. There was no point in lying; she had already admitted everything, much to her eternal shame. She swore she would never drink alcohol again.
“It must have been really lonely,” Hollie said.
Felicity didn’t reply.
“Fliss?”
“Yeah?”
“You do know you’ve got friends now, don’t you?”
A warm feeling surged through Felicity’s body like gentle waves brushing a sandy beach, starting in her stomach and drifting upwards until they reached her eyes. She could almost feel a happy tear emerge.
Almost.
“Yeah,” she whispered. “Yeah, I know.”



8.

Felicity awoke early the next morning. She hadn't slept well. Her wandering mind had far too much to think about, so every time she did manage to drift off, her eyes snapped open not long after. Hollie, on the other hand, appeared to have slept soundly, which seemed strange to Felicity when she considered all that her friend had been through. 
Friend. It still seemed strange to Felicity that she had friends. Although the three of them had been going to lessons together and seeing one another outside of school for the past three months, it was only Hollie’s words last night that confirmed it. It may have had something to do with their recently shared strange experiences - or perhaps it had been the alcohol.
Felicity glanced at the bedside clock, which was blinking 6am in harsh, red lights. For a few minutes she just lay there, listening to the silence, but it wasn’t long before she could do so no longer. She had to get down to the cellar and make sure that Jamie was still alright. She hadn’t been keen on the idea of leaving him down there, but they seemed to have precious little options since they had ruled out involving anyone else. The whole experience had shaken the three of them and the last thing they wanted was to be labelled as insane.
The cellar was quiet. Felicity descended the stone steps as quietly and gently as she could, and was relieved to see Oliver still tied with his hands behind his back; she had half expected him to have escaped, which she was certain would have posed some kind of danger to them. Jamie was resting on the cellar floor. He had his eyes closed, but as soon as Felicity came in he opened them and jolted suddenly into a sitting position.
"I wasn't asleep," he said quickly. 
"He was asleep." 
The two of them turned to face Oliver, who was wide awake and watching them with a thoroughly unimpressed expression.
Jamie pulled a face. "I wasn't," he said defensively. He turned back to Felicity and gave her an apologetic look. "I was resting my eyes."
"I just came down to tell you that I need to go back to the flat quickly," Felicity said. "My dad will kill me if he knows I didn't come in last night."
Jamie nodded. "Where's Hollie?"
"Still asleep. She's fine." Felicity glanced at Oliver, whose persistent stare was beginning to unnerve her. "I won't be long."
She began to make her way back upstairs, but Oliver's voice made her stop.
"I'll be waiting," he said darkly.
Outside, the sky was black and clear, yet it was impossible to see the stars in the constant orange glow of the city; that was one of the only things that Felicity missed about her previous residence. The light coming from the tall, iron street lamps made the snow glisten like the surface of a lake in the sunshine. The entire road was so still and silent that it seemed as though the rest of the world somehow knew that something was wrong and was holding its breath, awaiting the storm that would follow this uneasy calm. Felicity hugged her big coat around her and hurried back to the flat, eager to be out of the cold. 
Her father was asleep on the sofa when she got there. She could hear him before she saw him; his distinguishable snores indicated that he had drank a significant amount of alcohol the previous night. The television was still on and a number of empty beer bottles stood on the coffee table. With a shudder, Felicity was reminded of her own drinking antics and pictured herself lying sprawled on the sofa in her father's place, with her mouth wide open and her hair dishevelled and messy. She swore that would never be her and was reminded of her vow of sobriety.
She crept past him to her bedroom and changed her clothes. She still felt tired and a bit unclean but it was refreshing to pull a cool, clean jumper over her head. Whilst she was running a brush through her long, red hair, she caught sight of her mother’s journal underneath her pillow. Without thinking, she grabbed it and shoved it in her bag.
She left her father a note to let him know she had gone out and returned as quickly as she could to Jamie's house. When she opened the door, her nostrils filled with the delicious scent of frying bacon and she realised how hungry she was; the only thing the three friends had eaten the previous night was crisps. She found both Hollie and Jamie in the kitchen.
Hollie smiled brightly at Felicity when she came in. "Happy Boxing Day!" she chirped. She was wearing an apron and stood beside the large cooker, happily turning over the sizzling bacon with a pair of kitchen tongs.
Felicity frowned and sat next to Jamie at the kitchen table. “Aren’t you watching Oliver?” she said to him.
“I came up to get some water,” he groaned.
Felicity noticed that Jamie’s eyes looked red and were barely open. He sat slumped over the table, one hand wrapped loosely around a large glass of water. “Are you okay?” she asked.
“He’s hungover,” Hollie declared jovially as she cracked an egg into the saucepan. It hissed loudly as it met the steaming surface of the metal.
Jamie winced. “Ugh, tell her to keep the noise down, will you?” he moaned.
“But what about Oliver?”
“He hasn’t said one word since you left,” Jamie said. “Anyway, he can’t go anywhere. I’ll go back down there in a minute. Just... give me a second...”
Hollie came over to the kitchen table and began dishing out the breakfast she had cooked, humming to herself as she did so.
“Why is she so... happy?” Felicity whispered to Jamie.
Hollie overheard. “Why shouldn’t I be happy?” she asked.
The answer was so obvious that Felicity found herself unable to reply. Instead, she flicked a glance towards the cellar door.
“Oh, right,” Hollie said with a slight titter. “Well at first I was scared, I’ll admit, since we have this crazy person who thinks he can do magic tied up in the cellar, and of course I was worried that since he tried to kill me once he might try again, but then I thought: hey!” She whirled the spatula in her hands. “What’s the point in worrying about it? I could’ve been murdered yesterday, but I wasn’t. I’m still here, I’m still alive, the two of you are alive, the birds are singing - and I’ve made a fry up.”
Jamie shook his head. “She’s gone insane.”
He cried out and grimaced when his sister hit him over the head with the spatula.
“Uh, Hollie?” Felicity queried as her friend continued to dish up breakfast.
“Yeah?”
“Why have you done four plates?”
Hollie stopped, looked down at the plates on the kitchen table, and then she put one hand on her hip. “He might be our prisoner but he still has to eat,” she said defensively.
“I told you,” Jamie said. “Absolutely mental.”
But Felicity had noticed something else. “Have you... done something with your hair?”
It was suddenly very obvious that Hollie had indeed done something with her hair, but her strangely timed personal grooming routine didn’t end there; she had had a shower, washed her hair, styled it into long, bouncy curls and put on so much makeup that it looked as though she was about to go to a Snap Night at the Talk.
She ran her fingers innocently through her blonde locks. “Well... yeah. I felt all disgusting.”
Jamie glanced from Hollie to the two plates she held in her hands, and it was then that realisation dawned. “Oh no,” he said, ignoring his hangover and standing up quickly. “You still fancy him, don’t you?”
Hollie was momentarily shocked at the accusation, but her melodramatic pretence was too easy to see through and it was clear that Jamie was right. She gave up the charade. “So what if I do?” she asked defiantly.
Jamie smacked his forehead with his palm. “He tried to kill you!”
“Yes, but he didn’t kill me, did he?” Hollie said. “Anyway, I thought he might - y’know - talk to someone if they showed him a little kindness.”
“Not you.” Jamie snatched the plates from his sister and thrust one of them into the reluctant hands of Felicity. “Can you do it? I mean, I would, but this headache... I’ll go down there later, I promise, but can you just take him his breakfast?”
Felicity’s shoulders slumped. She didn’t want to. At all. “Yeah, I’ll do it.”
Hollie folded her arms disappointedly. “Fine, fine. Whatever.”
Jamie smiled gratefully at Felicity, ignoring the death stares his sister was sending his way, and then he slumped back at the kitchen table and began considering whether or not to eat the greasy breakfast in front of him. Plate in hand, Felicity took a breath and headed down to the cellar.
Oliver was watching her from the moment she went in. She wished he wouldn’t look at her like that. It was such a penetrating stare that it made her shudder and she had to look away. She walked down the steps and placed the plate on the bench near to the pipe where Oliver was tied up, and then she hurriedly moved away.
“You won’t be able to fool them forever, you know,” he said as she started to leave.
Felicity stopped. The breath caught in her throat.
Seeing that he had her attention, Oliver continued: “Don’t get me wrong; they’re stupid. But they’ll figure it out sooner or later.”
Felicity turned around. “What are you talking about?”
Oliver shrugged and sighed. “Alright, alright. Have it your way.” He leaned back in his chair. “You’ve got much bigger problems than me, anyway. So what’s for breakfast?”
Still keeping one hand on the iron banister, as if it were some kind of safety harness, Felicity took a cautious step towards Oliver. She was afraid of him, that much was certain, but she also had questions, and she suspected that he would be able to answer them. She glanced at his hands, still tied reassuringly tight behind his back. Her fear gave in to her curiosity, as it had a strange habit of doing these days.
“You can do magic,” she stated, though it was more of a question.
“Of course I can,” Oliver replied, and then his eyes once again met hers. “Untie me and I’ll show you.”
Felicity ignored that. “Tell me what you were doing in the alleyway,” she said. “That night back in September. When it all went dark and there was this...” She hesitated to even say it, it still felt so unbelievable and ridiculous. “Ball of light.”
Oliver tilted his head to one side and regarded her with a slightly confused expression. “That was a spell of darkness,” he said quietly. “And a Sphere of Draining.”
“A... Sphere of Draining,” Felicity said, partly to herself. It meant nothing to her. It made no sense. “What were you trying to do to me?”
Oliver frowned as his confusion mounted. “Is... this some kind of trick?”
She stared at him.
After a long moment that seemed to last an age, his confusion disappeared and he leaned back in his chair. “Alright, I’ll play along,” he said. “The spell of darkness was meant to obscure your vision so you couldn’t get away, and the Sphere of Draining was meant to sap you of all your energy. And it would’ve worked, too, if those two idiots hadn’t turned up.”
She didn’t know how to respond to that, for she had no idea what he was talking about. Just looking at Oliver filled her with a desperate anxiety, let alone his strange words and threatening, hateful tone. She noticed the rhythm of her breathing increase and her body grow tense. She had a strong desire to flee the cellar as quickly as she could, but as much as she feared what this strange boy could do, she was also hungry for answers to her many questions. With sweating palms, she rummaged through her bag and withdrew her mother’s journal.
This caught Oliver’s attention. He sat up and his eyes widened in surprise and recognition. “You’ve got it,” he breathed, and then his brow furrowed into an expression of anger. “Give it to me,” he demanded.
Felicity held the book close to her chest.
Suddenly, Oliver lurched forwards, knocking his chair over. “Give it to me!” he shouted, pulling hard and in vain on the ropes that secured him. They straightened to their longest length - which wasn’t much more than a few feet - as he threw all of his weight towards her.
Felicity had staggered backwards in surprise, but upon seeing how helpless Oliver was, she was reassured. She held the book towards him, but still far beyond his reach. “You know what this is?” she asked, her voice shaking.
“Of course I know what it is,” Oliver growled. “I’ve been searching for it for all this time -”
“Then tell me!” Felicity cried. “Tell me what it is!”
Oliver’s anger left his face almost instantly, replaced once again by an intense bewilderment. It seemed like hours had passed before he actually spoke, and when he did his voice was quiet and his eyes full to the brim with utter disbelief. “You... you don’t know, do you?” he breathed. “You don’t know who you are.”
The door to the cellar opened and Hollie and Jamie clambered noisily down the stone steps. Jamie positioned himself between Oliver and Felicity.
“Get away from her,” he said intently.
It was a moment before any of them moved or made a sound. Oliver’s eyes were locked on Felicity as if her two friends were invisible. Slowly, he moved away. It seemed as though he wanted desperately to say something but had been shocked into silence. Felicity stared back, confused and deeply disturbed.
Hollie appeared beside her and tugged on her hand. “Come on, Fliss.”
As the two of them began to leave the cellar, Oliver finally found the words he had been searching for. “You can’t stay here forever,” he called to Felicity. “Sooner or later you’ll have to go back. The others are coming - they’ll find you!”

“What was all that about?” Hollie asked quizzically as the two of them left the cellar.
But Felicity wasn’t listening. She didn’t reply, and upon her face there hung a troubled expression that twisted her features into a frown. Her hands were shaking. Her heart knocked almost violently against her ribs. She had to get out of there.
She ignored Hollie’s protests as she left her side, running down the hallway and practically falling through the front door of the house. The freezing cold air was like a stinging slap but she relished it; she gulped at it hungrily like a starving animal. The cellar had suddenly become un underground prison and she felt trapped between those four immovable, concrete walls. But even out in the freedom of the snowy streets, she still felt too close to Oliver and his strange words.
Once she had taken enough deep breaths to feel calmer, she glanced about the almost deserted streets, unsure of what to do and where to go. On the other side of the road was a park surrounded by tall, leafless trees so she headed for it, instantly comforted by every step that nourished the distance between her and Oliver. She still clung to her mother’s journal but kept it tucked under her arm, and she kept flicking nervous, uneasy glances in all directions as if she expected someone to come and snatch the precious thing from her. It was special. She knew that now. It had to be protected.
The park was quite idyllic, even in the winter. Brick woven paths led between shrubs and gardens that were covered in snow. She could hear the sound of children playing and soon caught sight of them wearing their brightly coloured coats, scarves and hats. They ran to and from each other, throwing snowballs, pulling sledges and building snowmen, all of them blissfully ignorant of the strange things that existed in the world. Felicity had been like that once. She always knew that there was a great deal she didn’t know and hadn’t experienced, but she could never have guessed that it involved magic spells and mysterious books. That kind of the thing only existed in the imagination, and she had never placed much importance upon dreams and fantasy.
Felicity turned her back on the playing children and brushed some snow from a nearby bench before sitting down. A beautiful stone fountain stood in front of her, featuring a cherub tipping water from a vase. Felicity shivered. In her haste to leave the house and put as much distance between her and Oliver as possible, she had neglected to bring a coat.
But that wasn’t a problem for long, for suddenly Hollie was sitting beside her and had draped her coat around her hunched shoulders. She didn’t speak, which was unusual. Felicity expected a barrage of questions and exposure to Hollie’s endless theories and observations, but they didn’t come. Recent events had changed the both of them.
“I think I’m involved.”
Felicity was shocked at how the words had left her mouth without her even realising it, but once it began, it couldn’t be stopped. The flood gates were open.
“Oliver talks about things, strange things to do with magic and stuff, and he talks about them as if I should know about them, too. He came after me that night in September and then he came after me again.”
“You mean when we found you in the alleyway?” Hollie asked. She had almost forgotten about that night.
Felicity nodded. “He - he tried to do - I think he tried to cast a spell on me or something.”
Hollie was surprised. “Why didn’t you say anything?” she asked.
“Because I wasn’t sure it had even happened. I just - I doubted myself.”
After her near-miss with a flaming hand, Hollie understood perfectly. 
“I think it has something to do with my mum,” Felicity continued.
Hollie looked at her. “Why do you think that?” she asked softly, and her voice had not a single trace of confusion in it; it was open and accepting.
Felicity had been hugging her mother’s precious journal close to her chest, guarding it and protecting it. Anyone around her could be an Oliver, someone who looked like everyone else but who could conjure flames at their fingertips. Being used to seclusion, Felicity had wanted to find somewhere small, dark and secret to retreat, but the park, complete with its noisy fountain and the sound of laughing children seemed oddly safe.
She showed the book to Hollie, and the sense of relief that followed was like a massive weight lifting from her burdened shoulders.
“What’s this?” Hollie said as she flicked through the pages. 
“I don’t know,” Felicity replied. “It was my mum’s.”
A frown creased the perfect complexion of Hollie’s brow. “It doesn’t make any sense,” she observed.
“Oliver knows what it is.”
“What?” Hollie was surprised. “Have you asked him?”
“Not yet.”
Hollie passed the book back to her friend. “Then that’s what you have to do.”
Felicity’s reply was instant. “I can’t.”
“Why not?”
Felicity opened her mouth to respond but found herself snapping it shut again. This time the response was not so clear. Just why couldn’t she ask Oliver? Could she trust him to tell the truth? What if the truth was something she didn’t want to hear? Would he even answer her questions at all? She shook her head helplessly.
“Fliss.” Hollie tilted her head to one side. When she spoke, she had the demeanour of a teacher giving a pep talk to a student. “If Oliver knows something about you and your mum, then you need to find out what it is. Yeah, he might lie to you, but if you don’t go down there and at least try, then you’ll probably spend a really long time thinking about it, and then you’ll get really miserable and you’ll be no fun to be around and then we won’t be BFFs any more.” She paused deliberately. “I don’t hang around with boring, miserable people, Fliss. It would do terrible things to my complexion.”
Felicity managed a weak, unconvincing smile.
“Seriously, though,” Hollie said, placing her hand on hers. “What have you got to lose?”
It was a sensible question. Whatever the reason, Felicity found the very idea of returning to the cellar almost repulsive, and it was only now that her friend was questioning her that she considered why. It didn’t take her long to figure it out.
It was fear. She wasn’t afraid of Oliver, for since his capture he had proven himself to be harmless. No, it wasn’t what he could do - it was what he knew. The knowledge he possessed had a power beyond that of any strange, magical spell he could perform. It wasn’t even his knowledge of magic and other mysteries that scared her - it was what he knew about her mother. He had to know something; his desperation to get hold of the journal made that quite blatant, but it also forced Felicity to a difficult realisation.
This strange, mysterious boy knew more about her mother than she did, and she needed to know how.

9.

The remainder of Boxing Day passed, taking with it the leftover festivities of the Christmas holiday. The merriment and cheer became a thing of the distant past as people returned to work, shops reopened and radio stations ceased airing jolly Christmas tunes. A thick layer of snow still covered the streets like icing on a cake, but as it began to contort into a slushy, brown mess the weather became more of an annoyance than a welcome novelty.
Felicity had not wanted to act upon Hollie’s advice to go and speak to Oliver straight away. Jamie’s house still felt much like a warehouse for far too many secrets, mysteries and impossibilities. Instead, she went for a walk around the neighbourhood, idly tracing the icy footprints that led across the pavement and hoping that the cold air would help to clear her mind. It didn’t.
Had Felicity known that Oliver’s head was filled with just as many anxieties, she would have been very surprised indeed; he was so arrogant that it would have been impossible for she and her friends to believe that he had any problems or worries at all - save, of course, for his imprisonment.
That was something that Oliver felt particularly ashamed of. He had spent several days amongst the teenagers at that contemptible high school, watching them fritter from class to class like ants, hopelessly studying trivial subjects that had no real importance. He had tried to close his ears to their foolish whims and ridiculous problems, but couldn’t stop all of it from getting in. It felt as though the stories of relationship breakdowns and sporting defeats was making him stupid, too. If only they knew what was coming.
They were so ill-prepared it was laughable. Oliver had spent around six months amongst these people and couldn’t find one shred of evidence that indicated that they had any means of defence against magic. They had plenty of ways of attacking one another - indeed, they were particularly skilful in that area - but they wouldn’t have enough time to amass any armies or launch any nuclear missiles if the others decided to attack, and any defence or pre-emptive strike would be useless anyway. It would all be over before these idiots even realised it had started.
And that was what made his capture all the more humiliating. He had been careless; he had thought it was Felicity lying asleep on the sofa, and was quite surprised when he realised it was Hollie. But by then it had been too late, for that simpleton brother of hers had knocked him out with a wine bottle. A wine bottle, of all things. It was so pathetic that Oliver shuddered to even think of it, and now he was trapped in a cellar with his hands bound and his ability to spellcast stripped from him. The fools didn’t even realise what they’d done to him; with his arms and hands restricted, he couldn’t form the gestures and movements essential to creating magic. He was, to put it quite simply, stuck.
Still, there was one glimmer of hope that shed a grateful light on his predicament: Felicity had the book. Oliver should have been elated that the item he had been seeking so arduously for all this time was finally so near, but however close it was, it was still out of his grasp. His helplessness both infuriated and terrified him, for the others were close now, so close that he could feel it, and they would not be impressed that he had failed in his mission. The situation could not have been more dire; the others did not take failure lightly, and the utter incompetence that Oliver had displayed would not go unpunished. 
He deserved it, that much he knew, even if it meant his life; the others had been known to execute their own in order to set the example that failure would not be tolerated. But this was more than failure. This was utter ineptitude, stupidity, foolishness. To have been captured by these inferior surface walkers, creatures who could not even grasp the idea of magic, let alone use it themselves, was unacceptable. It would bring shame upon the entire order - unless Oliver could do something before the others arrived. 
If he could somehow escape the cellar and capture both the book and the girl, no one would need to know about his humiliation. He would be seen as a hero, the one who saved the world. The others wouldn’t punish him, the book would be in safe hands and the girl would no longer be a danger. With that thought in mind, Oliver began a renewed attempt at severing his bonds.
He was in luck. The surface of the pipe to which he was tied was not completely smooth; it had several lips at certain intervals where different parts of metal had been soldered and screwed together. In the dim light of the street lamps that was seeping through the tiny cellar window, Oliver saw that if he could just move far enough upwards, he could try to use the lip of metal to cut through the rope tied around his wrists. He needed about a metre; if he could stand on his chair -
The door to the cellar opened. Oliver looked up and saw someone coming in.
It was Felicity.
The sight of her enraged him, though he was an expert at hiding it. He watched her descend the stone steps, one hand on the iron railing, the other clutching the book that he was so desperate to possess. He clenched his fists. Could it be true that she really had no idea what she had? Who she was? Or was she simply insulting him by playing deceitful games and feigning ignorance? 
He would find out.
He kept his eyes locked on her as she walked slowly and nervously into the cellar. He thought he saw her shaking. Her cheeks looked flushed, their redness a stark contrast to the rest of her white skin. He could see that she was struggling to keep herself composed and he had to give her credit, for however much he stared at her, trying to unnerve her, she stared right back at him.
It seemed like an age before she spoke, and when at last she did, her voice was calm and steady. “You knew my mother,” she said to him.
But it was Oliver, not Felicity, who was the seasoned professional at concealing his emotions, and he could see how afraid she was. This in itself wasn’t a telltale sign about how much she knew or how much she was trying to hide; she was smart to be frightened of him.
“No,” he replied. “I didn’t.”
Felicity frowned, and her eyes dropped to the book. “But this is her journal, and you’ve been looking for it. Haven’t you?”
“You’re right,” he said. “I have. So why don’t you just give it to me and I’ll leave you and your friends alone?”
She stared. “I don’t believe you.”
Oliver’s shoulders sagged, though he shouldn’t have been disappointed. He knew that she wasn’t stupid. He was going to have to try harder if he wanted to capture both her and the book before the others arrived.
“Then why are you down here talking to me?” he asked her. 
Felicity seemed to consider this. She looked from him to her mother’s journal, and then back at his staring face. Then, in a distinctly decisive manner, she began to walk towards the cellar steps.
He had pushed her too far. He couldn’t let her go; there was too much at stake.
“Wait,” he said.
She turned around.
“If you tell me something, I’ll answer your questions. Does that sound fair?”
Felicity bit her lip, apparently considering his offer. After a moment, she nodded slowly.
“I want you to tell me the truth,” Oliver said. “No games.”
She nodded again.
“Tell me whether or not you’re pretending.”
The command caught Felicity off guard, and it showed. Her eyebrows raised in surprise and then furrowed in confusion as she processed what she had heard. Oliver studied her changing expressions, watched as her eyes flicked about the room as if searching for an answer. Her mouth opened slightly; she was about to speak - no sound came. She released her breath. Finally, her eyes came back to him.
“I don’t understand,” she said. “What do you mean, ‘pretending’?”
He didn’t respond to her question; there was no need. Her reactions and response had told him everything he needed to know. She had no idea who she was, who her mother was and what manner of thing she held in those pitiful, weak hands. She had no concept of magic and what the world was really like. Somehow, it had been kept from her.
She was lost - lost and alone.
Inside, Oliver smiled. It had to be on the inside, for he didn’t want Felicity to see it. Her ignorance was to be his salvation. The less she knew about her heritage, the better it would be for him. He could make it work; with a few well-placed revelations and some misleading statements, he would have her eating out of his hand. The question was whether or not he could do so before the others arrived.
Felicity watched him as he leaned back in his chair. It was evident that he was not going to elaborate on what he had just said, and whilst she was curious, she somehow knew that if he didn’t want to tell her something, he wouldn’t; after all, he had no reason to. She wasn’t going to release him in exchange for information and he knew it. Her heart sank as she realised that he had absolutely no incentive whatsoever to tell her anything at all, and she wondered whether or not it had been worth the trouble coming down to the cellar to talk to him.
But still, she had to try. “What do you know about my mother?”
She was somewhat relieved when Oliver broke off his unnerving stare and looked upwards, as if in thought, and then he shrugged. “I know a few things.”
“Then tell me.”
“Where do I start?”
Felicity flicked her eyes down to her mother’s journal as it rested in her hands. “Start with this,” she said. “Tell me why you want it so badly.”
Oliver followed Felicity’s gaze and had to try harder than usual to hide his desire for the book. If only his hands weren’t tied behind his back, he would shape a spell that would leave the wretched girl trapped behind a wall of ice, and then he would simply pluck the book from her shivering hands and leave her cowering uselessly in a corner until the others came. How frustrating and pathetic it was that the only thing that stood between him and his innate powers was a string of ordinary rope.
He raised his eyes to meet hers once again and delighted in the discomfort this caused her. It was time to tell her the truth - well, some of it, anyway.
“It’s a spell book,” he said simply.
Felicity stared, her expression betraying her disbelief.
“But not just any spell book, of course,” Oliver continued. “It’s the book of the Spellweaver. It contains instructions, notes and plans for the most powerful magic in existence. Healing magic, destructive magic, defensive spells - all of it is in that book, and no one, not even me, has ever seen it. Even the Grandmaster himself couldn’t imagine the kind of power contained on those pages.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” Felicity interrupted him. “Just what are you talking about? Who’s the Grandmaster?”
Oliver shook his head impatiently; he had faltered. He had to stay conscious of the fact that Felicity was ignorant of the things he took for granted. He had to be more careful what he said.
“That doesn’t matter,” he said dismissively. “What does matter is that you understand exactly what it is that you’re holding.”
“But what you’ve said - it’s impossible,” Felicity insisted. “I mean - spell books? They’re... they’re for kids’ stories and - and - and they don’t exist!”
Oliver rolled his eyes. This was already becoming more taxing than he was prepared to endure. She knew so little that it was almost amusing.
“You think I would come to your world voluntarily? To become one of you, to go to your school, to spend time in those ridiculous lessons by choice?” He snorted. “I did it because I had to find that book, because what’s contained within it is worth putting myself through all of that.” He leaned forward, staring at her even more intently, and lowered his voice. “You’ve seen what I can do,” he said darkly. “You’ve seen what I’m capable of. Is it really that surprising to know that others can do it, too?”
His words seemed to have the desired effect. Felicity shook her head helplessly; the truth was sinking in. In spite of all she had already seen, it was clearly difficult for her to accept that there were forces in the world that she didn’t understand, but she had asked for the truth and he had provided it. 
He knew that it was now time to up his game and take the next step.
“Take your mother, for example,” he said. “She could do it.”
Watching Felicity react to his revelations made putting up with her incessant ignorance completely worth it. He revelled in the power he had over her; he didn’t even need his magic. He saw her head snap up, her eyes widen and her expression twist into a look of shock, confusion and disbelief. Her breath caught in her throat. He could almost hear her heart skip a beat and then its rhythm begin to quicken. All of this he absorbed and relished.
“Yes, she could do it,” Oliver repeated deliberately. “She was one of the most powerful of us all.”
“No,” Felicity breathed. “My mother was - she was normal. I would’ve known -”
“You knew what she chose to tell you,” Oliver said. “Come on, Felicity. You’re not stupid. Think about it.”
She didn’t want to think about it, but she couldn’t help it - and immediately she knew that Oliver was right. All of the time her mother had spent away from home, all of the empty conversations the two of them had had... it seemed so obvious now that her mother had been keeping secrets from her, and Felicity had always felt that she had never really known her. Had it not been for her mother’s handwriting in the strange book of spells, she wouldn’t have believed it.
But it made perfect sense.
Oliver wondered where he could go next. He knew he couldn’t tell her everything, but what he had revealed so far had shaken her so much that she was hungry for more. It was possible that she wasn’t even aware of it yet, but Oliver knew. He could see her beginning to drop her guard as her desperation for knowledge grew.
She flicked through the pages of her mother’s journal. “But this...” she said quietly. “This is all... it’s gibberish. I can’t even read it.”
“I can.”
She looked at him.
“I can read it,” he repeated. “I can tell you exactly what it says.”
Felicity withdrew. She pulled the book close to her chest. “No,” she said. 
“Don’t you want to know?” Oliver asked. “It’s your mother’s handwriting, isn’t it? They’re her words. Aren’t you curious?”
“I don’t trust you.”
“You don’t have to untie me,” Oliver pressed on. “Just show me a page or two. I can read it to you.” He saw the look of worry flash across Felicity’s features. “Look, my hands are tied. I can’t cast a spell just by reading it - not like your mother could.”
There was silence in the cellar for what seemed like an age as Felicity considered his request. She was being honest when she said she didn’t trust him, but she wanted to know more so badly that it hurt. She could feel a tight tugging sensation at her chest and found herself short of breath. Everything was so overwhelming, so unbelievable that she felt insane for even believing it - but she did. She believed every word that came from the mouth of this untrustworthy boy who had tried to harm them, even kill them. She needed him to tell her more.
She walked towards him, and it was only as she stood directly in front of him that she realised how tightly she was grasping her mother’s book. Her nails were digging into the soft, leather cover. Oliver’s gaze had once again shifted; he was looking at the book with a hunger that was rather unsettling. It seemed that he had eyes for only two things - the book, which he regarded with an impatient, frustrated longing, and Felicity herself, for whenever he wasn’t staring at the journal, he was watching her with that penetrating stare. 
She took a deep breath and flicked through the pages, randomly stopping somewhere near the middle before turning the book around to face Oliver. His eyes consumed the words as they traced them eagerly. He muttered under his breath. When he was finished - which was mere seconds after he had started, so quickly had he read the page - he leaned back in his chair. Even Felicity could sense his disappointment; it was very badly concealed.
“That’s a defensive spell,” he said. “A shield of sorts. A shame... I was hoping to see something more impressive.”
“But what does it actually say?” Felicity asked. “You said you’d read it to me.”
Oliver rolled his eyes and sighed. “Very well,” he said. “But don’t expect to understand a word of it; it’s in a language that isn’t spoken in this world.”
And then he uttered the words that were meant to produce the magic, and that was the moment when everything changed. The first thing she noticed was Oliver’s voice. It wasn’t that it became deeper, it was that its bass suddenly became more prominent. She could suddenly feel it vibrating in her chest like music turned up too loud. For a fleeting second, it made her feel slightly sick.
His voice wasn’t the only thing that changed. As he spoke, the air around him seemed to blur as if in a haze of heat above a burning fire. Everything became distorted. It made Felicity dizzy, and she had to put her hand out to steady herself.
She had heard and felt this before. She could recall the exact moment. It was in the alleyway back in September, when she had first encountered Oliver’s magic. As soon as he had started speaking those strange words, she had felt unwell for a moment. It was such a small part of the unbelievable things she had seen that she had quite forgotten about it, but now that she remembered, it took her back to the fear she had felt that night, and the feeling was not pleasant.
It was over. Oliver had stopped reciting and was looking at her curiously as she stood unsteadily in front of him. The headache and the feeling of nausea subsided. 
“That can happen when you haven’t been exposed to a high level of magic before,” Oliver said as she regained her balance. “It disorients you.”
“That was... magic,” Felicity said, believing it completely for the first time. She knew it was magic. It had to be.
“A defensive spell, like I said,” Oliver replied. “But I can’t cast it with my hands tied. I need to form the gestures that go with the words. That’s how magic works - for most of us, at least.” He paused. “I could show you if you untie me.”
Felicity squinted and rubbed her forehead; the pain had completely gone. “Those words,” she said, ignoring Oliver’s last statement. “What do they mean?”
“They’re the incantations necessary for creating magic,” Oliver explained. “Words are powerful. You can hurt someone with a lie. You can heal them with encouragement and positivity. But where I come from, words have a new meaning altogether. Words can hurt you physically, tear your flesh apart like a sword - and they can knit the wound back together afterwards with just as much ease. That’s their power. Without words, we’d just be animals.” He paused and looked her directly in the eye. “Did your mother teach you nothing at all?”
It was a fine example of how words could be used to damage feelings, for that last statement stung. But Felicity had noticed something else; something that he had said. As her brow furrowed in concentration, she realised he had said it more than once. “Where you... come from?” she ventured hesitantly. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Oliver didn’t respond. Had he been able to, he would have folded his arms defiantly. The next moment of silence informed Felicity that she was not going to get anything else out of him, for now at least. With a final glance behind her, she picked up her mother’s journal and hurried up the steps of the cellar as fast as she could.

10.

Jamie was waiting for Felicity when she emerged from the cellar.
“Hey,” he said to her. “Are you okay?”
She thought about this. Her heart was still racing. Her head almost ached with the new and confusing information that it was still attempting to absorb. Her hands were shaking with nerves. She didn’t know whether to simply accept everything that she had just been told or to hide and hope that it would all go away. In short, she wasn’t okay.
But that wasn’t what she said. Instead, she settled for: “I’m fine.”
The two of them headed into the lounge. “You were down there for a while,” Jamie continued. “Hollie told me that you had things to speak to Oliver about.”
“Where is Hollie?” Felicity asked.
“She went to back to Mum’s,” Jamie replied. “She can’t stay away for too long. I’m slightly more fortunate; mum isn’t exactly bothered if I disappear. Not as long as I do my homework, anyway.” He paused, clearly waiting for Felicity to say something. When she didn’t, he asked her: “So what was it?”
“Hm?”
“What did you need to speak to Oliver about?”
Felicity sat on the sofa and shook her head somewhat helplessly. “It’s all so messed up,” she said. “He told me things that just... couldn’t be true.”
“Like what?”
She looked at Jamie. His face was a picture of concern. She wondered briefly whether or not she wanted to trust him, but this time the answer came easily, much more easily than it had in the past. She wanted to tell him everything.
So she did, and she felt so much better afterwards. The tension in her body seemed to fade. For Jamie’s part, he listened attentively and in silence, nodding every now and again as if he understood everything she told him. It was a very different experience to talking to his twin.
“Do you believe him?” he asked her once she had finished.
Felicity shrugged. “I don’t know,” she sighed. “But we’ve seen him do magic, haven’t we? And some of the things he said... they just - they made sense, you know?”
“And you said that he’s from some kind of... other world?”
She nodded.
“Magic,” Jamie muttered under his breath. “I just can’t believe it exists. And he said that your mum could do it?”
“More than that,” Felicity replied, holding up her mother’s book. “She had this spell book, which Oliver seems to want more than anything.”
“Can you read it?”
“No.”
“But your mum... she could read it.”
“She could read it,” Felicity confirmed. “But she also wrote in it. She created these spells that Oliver wants so badly.” She paused, reflecting. “He says that she was really powerful.”
“And she never told you?”
Felicity’s eyes dropped. That was the part that bothered her the most. Everything else mystified and confused her to the point of exhaustion, but the fact that her mother had been able to conjure spells and enchantments and had neglected to tell her own daughter - it hurt Felicity more than she was prepared to admit.
“She never told me,” she said weakly.
Jamie rubbed his face. “This is crazy,” he said. “What are we going to do? I can’t leave him locked up in my cellar forever. My dad is coming back after new year and he’s bound to notice.”
That wasn’t what worried Felicity. “I don’t know,” she replied quietly.
He looked at her. “Oh, Fliss, I’m sorry,” he said, and then he scooted across the sofa until he was next to her and placed a comforting arm around her shoulders. “Did Oliver say anything about the people who are looking for you?”
She shook her head.
“Look. You can stay here again tonight if you want. I’ll look after you.”
Felicity smiled unconvincingly. “Thanks. But I really should get back to the flat.”
“Then let me walk you there.”
“No, no, really. I’m fine.”
“Fliss.” Jamie moved off the sofa and knelt down in front of her, forcing her to look at him. “After all you’ve just told me, you really think I’m going to let you out there on your own?”
Felicity shrugged.
“Of course I’m not,” Jamie continued. “You’re my best friend - and you’re a lady. It would be very ungentlemanly of me.”
Felicity had never been as close to Jamie as she was to his twin sister. Hollie was in all of Felicity’s lessons and had always insisted on being her friend, even at the beginning when she had been so desperate to be by herself. But Jamie had always been there, too. He might have been out of sight, in different lessons or off with his own group of friends, and Felicity’s encounters with him were more often than not accidental, since Hollie still preferred not to be seen with him in public, but there was something about the last few days that had drawn the three of them even closer together. Hollie had started to treat Jamie differently; she still made jibes at him and joked at his expense, but the teasing seemed somehow nicer than it used to be, if that were even possible. Felicity supposed that it had something to do with the things that Jamie had done for her, such as the significant act of saving her life. That kind of thing tended to renew your respect for someone.
The three of them were in this together, whatever ‘this’ was; these tales of magic and spell books, of strange people hunting for her and her mother’s journal - they had seen and experienced all of these things together. Felicity had seen how Hollie cared for her and how protective Jamie was over the both of them. 
It felt... good.
Felicity didn’t know how she had managed to cope without people like the twins in her life before she had arrived at Greenfields, and she swore that she would never be like that again. She had tasted genuine friendship and she was not going to let it go.
She nodded at Jamie’s offer. “Let’s go, then.”

The walk back to the flat didn’t take long, partly because Felicity’s mind was so restless, and partly because Jamie wouldn’t stop talking. She knew that he was only doing it to distract her, to stop her from thinking about all of her troubles, and to a certain extent he succeeded, but as soon as she said goodbye and closed the door, everything just came back again, as inevitable as the tide. 
Her father wasn’t there. A note pinned to the fridge by a magnet informed her that he had been called into work for a night shift and wouldn’t be back until the morning. 
It wasn’t particularly late - only about nine - but Felicity felt exhausted. She trudged through the flat to her room and collapsed on the bed. It was cold in there; the window was still stuck open, as it had been ever since she had moved in. Without bothering to get dressed into her pyjamas, dressing gown and thick socks, she pulled the duvet up to her chin and stared at the ceiling.
She couldn’t sleep. Her eyes wouldn’t even allow themselves to close. It was quite frustrating, she mused as she tried in vain to force herself into a slumber. She was so unbearably tired and her mind was full of so many anxieties that she knew a good night’s rest would help her think more clearly. But still, she couldn’t sleep.
The Christmas gift from her father caught her eye. It stood still and solitary on her bedside table, the only secret she had not shared with her friends. She hadn’t had a chance to act upon her father’s suggestion to use the box to store her mother’s things, and since sleeping was proving to be so much of a difficulty at present, she decided to do so now.
She swung her legs over the side of the bed, clicked her bedside lamp on and stood up. She had managed to weigh the protruding floorboard down with heavy books and other items in an attempt to save herself from tripping up, but had been less than successful. She pushed them aside, lifted the floorboard and peered into the space beneath. The brown padded envelope was still there, of course, though it had caught a lot of dust since she had placed it there several months ago. Felicity had not got it out since then.
Until today. She reached in and slipped her finger beneath the seal, tipping the contents into her lap. The diary, the small stone and the watch were all still there, whilst the ring was still on her finger. 
She looked at them differently this time, for they held more mystery now. Rather than the belongings of a woman who never seemed to have the time to show her only child any affection, they were now the belongings of someone who had powers that appeared only in the imagination, someone who had precious secrets contained in a diary that was being hunted by people who could spout fire from their very hands -
Felicity inhaled sharply as a disturbing and unwelcome thought abruptly forced its way into her mind. 
What if her mother’s death hadn’t been an accident?
Murder. The word echoed inside her skull, an extra weight forced upon her already heavily burdened mind. Could it be possible? But then, it made sense, didn’t it? Her mother had been powerful, and she had been carrying a very desirable, magical arsenal around with her, if what Oliver said was to be believed. It stood to reason that someone might kill her to get their hands on it -
Felicity shook herself physically, as if that might help her lose these troubling new thoughts. She reminded herself that she needed to sleep, not formulate wild, crazy theories about her mother. Audrey Lucas had died in a car accident, a tragic collision that saw her vehicle slammed into a tree just off the side of the road. There had been no suspicious circumstances - the police had told her that.
She ran her fingers over the grooved surface of the stone that had been in her mother’s possession the night the accident had happened. It was such an odd little thing. Felicity had often wondered what it was and even gone so far as to ask her father about it, but no one could provide her with an answer - not even the internet. She brought it up to the light of her lamp and studied the markings more closely, but they looked more like patterns than any kind of wording. She placed it inside the box her father had bought for her, along with her mother’s watch and diary.
The box was a far more fitting home for these precious items than the old carrier bag. They seemed comfortable there, safe, secure and welcome, as if they had always been meant to find their way there.
Felicity reached for her mother’s journal and curled up in the corner of her bed, pulling the duvet around her and pressing herself up against the two walls. With a click, she turned out the light and was left in darkness. She somehow felt safer that way, perhaps because she had spent so long lingering in the shadows of the background and was therefore used to it. She was alone in the flat, so it made sense to pretend that she wasn’t there at all, in case those who came for her mother came for her, too.
She shook the thought from her mind irritably, cursing herself for thinking it. But every time she closed her eyes it came back to her. She imagined the scene of the crash, her mother driving her car, innocent and unaware of the danger that was following her. The sky was dark and the rain was pouring down; it had to be raining, of course. And then, out of nowhere, there came a burst of light and energy that struck the vehicle and turned it upside down. Over and over and over it rolled; her mother didn’t stand a chance. When the car finally stopped, she was already dead.
It was ridiculous, Felicity knew that, just as she knew that the accident had occurred very early one morning in summer at a time when the sun was shining. Her morbid imagination was only making things worse and she had to learn to control it.
She had opened her mother’s journal without even realising it. Though the room was dark, there was just enough light streaming between the gaps of her makeshift blanket curtains to see that it was on the page of the defensive spell Oliver had recited to her earlier. The words still made no sense to her, but she couldn’t forget how they sounded. Their shape, their tone, their pronunciation; she felt as if they had been burnt into her very soul. Even thinking about it made her feel queasy.
She touched the page with her fingertips, just as she had done a thousand times before. Under her breath, she tried unsuccessfully to read the spell aloud. Though she remembered it perfectly, she couldn’t quite say it herself; the language was too alien, the words too complex.
She tried again, whispering to herself in the darkness. Had Oliver been there, he would have mocked her attempt but acknowledged that it was a better try than the first.
Spurred on by a refreshing burst of determination, Felicity persisted. The more she tried to say them, the easier the words became. Eventually her whisper became a mutter. She thought of Oliver sneering down his nose at her and making sly comments about her inferiority and found herself resolute to his imaginary challenge. Before long, her voice had increased in volume to that of her normal, everyday speech. 
Felicity was so focused on her task that she hadn’t noticed the page begin to glow a pale red.
Finally, after what seemed like only a few minutes but had in reality been much longer, her mouth found its way through the maze of strange letters and sounds and pronounced the words accurately; the tone, emphasis and accent - all were correct.
She sighed triumphantly, but she couldn’t revel in her success for long; sleep beckoned to her desperate eyelids. She was so, so tired. But there were so many things to worry about, so many things to fear - how could she possibly think about sleeping?
And then a deep, satisfying slumber finally claimed her.

Oliver’s eyes snapped open. It took them a moment to focus in the gloom, and a second longer for his mind to reestablish the difference between dreams and reality, and then he remembered where he was: in the cellar of that idiot, Jamie Clarke.
He had been attempting to sever his bonds when he must have fallen asleep. His neck and his back ached. His wrists were stinging from the roughness of the rope. He felt like such a fool to have failed to escape that he had to take a deep breath to contain his frustration and stop himself from shouting out, for he didn’t want to draw attention to himself. 
He leaned his head back on the pipe to which he was tied and wondered when the daughter would come back to ask him more questions. He had piqued her curiosity, of that he was certain, and though he was not exactly within Felicity’s circle of trust, she did not have to believe everything he said in order for his plan to work. He just needed a little bit more time with her to convince her to hand over the book and set him free, and then she would be the prisoner and he the captor. The task might well require some better acting on his part, for however good he was at hiding his true feelings and intentions, he was less practised at pretending to be something he wasn’t. But if he succeeded, the others would never know how his initial attempts had failed and he could escape any punishment.
And yet, one thing he could not escape was the voice in the back of his head telling him to give up, for he had no right to claim any kind of success after the miserable blunders he had committed. He did not deserve the title given to him by the others; he deserved nothing more than to face their judgement and sentencing.
No. He would show them. He would prove himself to be worthy by completing his mission. By the time the others arrived, both Felicity and the book would be in his hands.
Suddenly and unexpectedly, Oliver felt a twinge of fear in the pit of his stomach. At first he thought it was his body’s response to his dangerous thoughts, but he quickly began to realise that it was something else - something far, far worse. The palms of his hands started to sweat. His breathing quickened. 
The others were almost here.

11.

Felicity turned over in bed, groaning in protest to the beeping alarm that had roused her from sleep. Her mother’s journal, which had laid open across her chest, fell to the floor. 
It was still dark outside, as was usual for the time of year. Felicity had often had to get up and get ready for school in almost pitch black weather, so she was used to it, but that didn’t mean that every muscle in her body wasn’t resisting her tugs and pulls as she reached over to her digital alarm clock.
It continued to beep, even as she slammed her hand upon it. For a moment she was confused, and then she realised that it wasn’t her alarm clock that was singing to her. It was her mobile phone, the secondhand one that Hollie had given to her a few months ago so that the two of them could keep in touch. It was an old model, nothing special, and the ringtones were so limited that the best of them sounded very similar to her alarm.
Now fully awake, Felicity grabbed hold of her phone and answered it.
“Hello?” she croaked.
“Fliss, you have to come over,” came the voice of Jamie. He sounded distressed.
“Jamie?”
“Yes, yes, it’s me. You have to get over here now, Fliss. It’s Oliver.”
Felicity sat bolt upright. “What’s happened? Has he got away? Is he - is he coming for me?”
“No, no, nothing like that - but Fliss, you need to get here now. Hurry!”
Felicity hung up the phone and got out of bed as quickly as she could. The last of her sleepiness had faded as soon as the adrenaline rushed into her system; hearing Jamie speak Oliver’s name in such a worried, almost frantic way scared her.
The streets were still and quiet, for it was only around seven in the morning. As Felicity approached Jamie’s house, she saw a familiar figure rushing in the same direction. It was Hollie.
The two of them met at the base of the steps that let to Jamie’s front door.
“He called you, too?” Hollie asked Felicity.
“Yeah,” she said with a nod.
“What’s going on?”
Felicity didn’t reply, for she had no answer. She simply shrugged her shoulders and the two friends hurried into Jamie’s house.
Though it had been practically silent outside, the difference indoors was staggering. The bangs of moving furniture echoed in the entrance hall, but nothing was quite as disturbing as the shouting coming from the cellar. For a moment the girls couldn’t tell if the voice belonged to Oliver or Jamie, but when Hollie’s twin emerged from the cellar and the shouting continued, they had their answer.
“Thank God you’re here,” he said when he saw them. “He’s been like this for an hour. Won’t let me anywhere near him. He’s gone insane!”
“It must be from being locked up for all this time,” Hollie called out above the din. “What do they call it - cabin fever. I told you this was a bad idea!”
“Yeah, thanks for that, Hollie. Really helpful!”
“What’s he saying?” Felicity asked.
“Nothing, really. He’s just shouting.” Jamie shook his head. He looked defeated. “If the neighbours hear him they’ll call the police. We have to do something!”
“I’ll go down and see him,” Hollie said decisively, and began to walk towards the cellar steps when she was blocked by her brother.
“I’m not letting you go down there by yourself.”
“I’ll be fine. Get out of the way!”
“No!” Jamie looked from Hollie to Felicity. His expression was severe. “We all contributed to this mess, so we all have to try and clean it up.” He paused. “We’ll all go down there. Together.”
Felicity and Hollie exchanged glances. It was odd for Hollie, seeing her brother take charge like that, but then he had been doing so more and more often these days. In a strange way, she thought, it suited him. 
She nodded, giving her consent to the plan. Felicity was not overly keen on returning to the cellar, but she had been outvoted before polling even began. Slowly and reluctantly, she followed the twins down the steps.
The shouting ceased as soon as the three of them entered Oliver’s view. He looked awful. His dark hair was in disarray, there were red circles beneath his eyes, some tears had appeared in his clothing; he looked as though he had just been attacked. The chair upon which he had been forced to sit for the last few days had toppled over and was lying nearby. A few other items that had been within his reach, such as a bucket, mop and the old bench, had also become innocent victims of his apparent insanity.
He stared at the three of them with crazed eyes. He couldn’t have had much sleep. His skin looked deathly pale, though it had not been particularly tanned to begin with. He stood with his shoulders hunched and his head bowed so that he had to look upwards slightly to see them, a challenging stance that almost dared the three of them to come closer. Jamie, concerned for his friend and sister, stopped before he reached the bottom of the steps.
Oliver raised his hand and pointed towards them. “I will only talk to you,” he said between breaths, and his voice was deep and quiet.
It was obvious to whom he was referring, although all three of them were standing in the direction Oliver had just pointed. 
But Jamie was still feeling protective. “No,” he said, sounding braver than he actually was.
Oliver’s response was to swiftly deliver a kick to the nearby chair, which clattered noisily across the cement floor.
“Stop it!” Hollie cried.
Jamie turned to Felicity. “Fliss,” he said. “I normally wouldn’t ask, but... if he carries on, we’re going to be in a lot more trouble than we already are. If the police come and they untie him -”
“I know,” Felicity interrupted him. “It’s fine. I’ll talk to him.”
Jamie smiled gratefully. “We’ll just be upstairs,” he told her, and then the twins left her alone in the cellar. Alone, of course, save for Oliver.
She knew to expect the uncomfortable stare before he had the chance to send it her way, but it had become so familiar a sight that it didn’t unnerve her as much as it had yesterday. but knowing that he wanted to speak to her gave her a sense of power that she hadn’t felt when in his presence. As she walked into the cellar, her confidence gave her strength.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“I needed to see you.”
Felicity placed her hands on her hips defiantly. “Then you should’ve politely asked Jamie if you could use a phone, not had a hissy fit like a three year old.”
Oliver’s eyes gave away his anger. “Look at you. You think you’ve got all the power, just because I’m the one tied up and you can leave this place any time you choose. But you have no idea what’s coming. If you did, you wouldn’t still be here. You’re a fool!”
He spat the words so menacingly that a part of Felicity’s confidence wavered, though not enough to show. “Are you done?” she asked patronisingly, as if speaking to a child who had just had a tantrum.
Oliver didn’t take that well. He stared at Felicity as if trying to knock her down with a simple glance and looked as though he were about to explode again. But looks were apparently not as powerful as magical words and their accompanying gestures, so Oliver was powerless to do anything at all. He seemed to realise this, and as she watched, the malice, anger and hatred faded from his face. His expression softened, and Felicity was shocked at what she saw hidden beneath his bravado.
It was fear. He dropped his eyes to the floor as soon as it emerged, but not before she got a quick glance at it. It was as if he finally realised how helpless he was and could no longer hide it from her. He looked like a captured, wounded animal, and though it was never a word that Felicity felt suited him, she thought he looked innocent. Lost, innocent and afraid. Had Hollie been there, she would have rushed to him, but Felicity was much more wary; not one part of her was tempted to comfort this seemingly broken man, for he had lied to and fooled her before.
And then he looked at her, and she saw his despair as it stared right back at her, open and vulnerable. “Felicity,” he said softly, his voice strangely sombre. “We need to get out of here. They’re coming.”
She regarded him curiously. She wanted to know more, but something was holding her back. “I don’t know if I can trust anything you say,” she said.
“Then trust your mother,” he replied.
That struck a nerve. “Don’t talk to me about my mother,” she said quietly. “Not after the things you said yesterday.”
“They’re all true,” Oliver insisted. “Every word I spoke was the truth. But you don’t have to believe me - once the others get here, you’ll find out for yourself.” He shook his head solemnly. “But by then... it will be too late.”
Felicity frowned. “What... what do you mean?” she asked. “Who are the others?”
“The same people who are after you are also after me,” he said. “They want to kill us.”
“What?” Felicity gasped. “How do you know that?”
This time, Oliver made eye contact. “They got to your mother.”
Felicity took a step away from him, shaking her head in disbelief. “You’re insane. You’re crazy!”
“They’re going to kill us, to make examples of us just like they did your mother,” Oliver persisted, his voice sounding desperate. “We have to get out of here. Do you think your mother would want to see you get killed by the same people who got to her? Listen to me, Felicity!”
Felicity, who had been pacing frantically, stopped and turned to face Oliver at the mention of her name. “How do I know that you’re not the one who murdered my mother?” she demanded. “You tried to kill me - and Hollie, too.”
“I wasn’t going to hurt you,” Oliver said. “I needed to find you and get you away from here. I thought that scaring you would be the best way - but I was wrong.”
Felicity shook her head. Why was she listening to this?
Oliver spoke calmly. “If we leave now, we can get away. All you have to do is untie me.”
In spite of everything that she had just been told, Felicity couldn’t help but emit a short, sudden laugh. “Do you think I’m stupid?” she said. “I’m not going to untie you. If they’re after me, like you say, then fine - I’ll leave. I’ll get away. But I’m not going anywhere with you.”
“You don’t have any choice!” Oliver cried, raising his voice. “They’ll come looking for me, and they’ll destroy anyone who gets in their way. Do I really have to remind you where we are? If they find me, they find your friends - and they won’t show them any mercy. Hollie and Jamie will die just because you wouldn’t trust me. Is that what you want?”
Felicity stared, speechless.
“If we go together, we have a fighting chance,” Oliver continued. “I can read the spells in your mother’s journal. There was a defensive one, do you remember? I can use it to protect us if the others catch up. Then no one has to die, Felicity. No one. You and I will be away from here before anyone gets hurt.”
A fire burned behind Felicity’s eyes as she thought of her two best friends coming to harm. They had been so good to her, even when she hadn’t wanted them to. They had accepted her, taken her in despite how awkward she was in social situations. Hollie had made her part of the school community. Jamie had helped her with her homework on numerous occasions. Between the two of them, they had done more for Felicity than anyone else she had ever met.
She couldn’t stand the thought of them being hurt, or - she shuddered - killed, especially because of her, but she didn’t trust Oliver, either. How did she know these so-called ‘others’ were even coming? But could she take the risk that they weren’t, that he was bluffing and none of them were in any real danger at all?
It was all too much. She had to get out of there.
Surrendering to her fear and confusion, she turned away from Oliver and sped up the cellar steps.
“Felicity! You can’t leave. Come back, damn you! Come back!”
She ignored him, just as she ignored Hollie’s concerned and surprised cries as she fled the house and began to run as fast as she could.
The sky was lighter now, and there were more people on the streets. A few of them stared at her as she ran past, but she barely noticed them. She didn’t take notice of anything but the fast, steady beating of her heart and the deep breaths that left her chest heaving. It was only as she arrived at the familiar block of flats that she realised where she had ran to, and it was strange that her mind would have directed her legs there; but when all was said and done, perhaps it really was the place where she felt the safest.
By the time she had ascended the stairs, her brisk walk had left her cheeks rosy and her lungs in pain from the harsh iciness of the air. Her father was standing with his head in the open fridge when she opened the door. He looked up, and it was evident that he was surprised to see her. 
“Oh, uh,” he bumbled awkwardly. “I saw your bed was empty. I didn’t think you’d be here for breakfast.” He closed the fridge. “I was going to make myself some cereal but, uh...” He looked around the kitchen. “Do you like pancakes?”
Felicity stared at her father, quite unsure of what to say or do, and then, with a sense of relief that made her want to weep, she sighed. The normality of the situation was so soothing that it almost allowed her to forget the strange things that had happened and dare to believe that everything was normal. She nodded at the suggestion of pancakes and once the imperfect circles were made, her father dished them out onto two small plates without so much as a playful toss. They sat together in front of the television, absently and silently watching the flickering images.
Felicity allowed herself to forget Oliver in the few minutes it took her to eat the undercooked and overly thick pancakes. Instead, she thought of her mother. It was impossible not to, considering that she was one of the reasons why Felicity had gone back to her father’s flat in such a hurry. She couldn’t remember much about her early childhood, but she knew it hadn’t consisted of frequent cuddles and affectionate kisses. She could, however, recall how absent her mother had been as Felicity had grown up. It wasn’t just boarding school that had kept mother and daughter apart, for even in the holidays Felicity’s mother had rarely been at home so they hadn’t talked much; Felicity was hard-pressed to think of a meaningful, lengthy discussion between the two of them.
She looked at her father. Perhaps now was the time to start having meaningful, lengthy discussions.
“How did you meet - my mother?” she asked abruptly. She had wanted to say ‘mum’, but it just didn’t seem like the right word.
The question caught him by surprise; that much was obvious. He raised his eyebrows and muttered some incoherent sounds before finally clearing his throat, shuffling on the sofa and replying: “It was, uh, at a club in town. Not there any more. Ikon.”
He didn’t look at her. Both of them continued to stare at the television, though neither of them had much interest in it.
After a long pause, during which she had done much deliberation, she asked another question. “Did you buy her a drink?”
Her father cleared his throat again. “Yeah.”
“Did you dance?”
“Yeah.”
This was clearly awkward territory for him. He kept shuffling as if to make himself more comfortable, and he wouldn’t look his daughter in the eye. Felicity had learnt many things about her mother in the last day or so, but those things were strange, foreign and unbelievable. What she really desired was something real, positive and - above all - normal. But her father was clearly frightened of the discussion; he had probably been dreading it since the day she moved in, Felicity thought, so she reluctantly and sadly gave in.
She was astonished when her father spoke again.
“She was standing by the bar when I saw her first,” he said quietly. “Talking to another lad. Well, he was the one doing all the talking. She was listening - she was good at that. Listening.” He paused for a few seconds before continuing. “This lad. He was giving her a bit of trouble. Bothering her. So I went over and, uh, pretended like I knew her. That she was my sister, or some other fib. Well, that got shot of him.”
Felicity imagined the scene running through her head. “What was she like?”
This question appeared to pose a bit more difficulty. Felicity’s father frowned as if thinking and concentrating, searching his mind for the memories he had locked away for so long. 
“She was fun,” he answered at length. “She knew how to have a good time. Was full of jokes and always laughing. A bit silly, too. Girlish and young and pretty. And...” He paused. “Mysterious. Didn’t talk about herself much. Seemed more interested in finding out about me, but I’ll never understand why.”
Felicity nodded, understanding more than her father knew.
“She was... grateful,” he continued. And then, as if he knew that his daughter was picturing that night in her head, he added: “Red. She wore red.”
It had been a beautiful, romantic event, Felicity decided. She saw her mother sitting at a crowded bar, wearing a long, red, glittering gown and with not one but several men all fighting and bartering for her attention. But she didn’t give them a second glance, because Felicity’s father had entered the club. With one look from him, the other men left her alone, and from that moment on, it was true love.
She didn’t ever want that memory to change, although it had been shaped to her own recommendations and didn’t even belong to her. She would still cherish it as if she had been there and seen it all herself.
But she did want to know one thing, regardless of the risk it posed to this newfound, borrowed memory. There was a few moments of silence as she worked up the courage to ask that important question, and then: “Why did you split up?”
Her father let out a long sigh, as if he had been expecting those very words for some time. He looked at her for the first time since the conversation began. “She was very young, your mum, when she found out she was going to have a little baby. You,” he added, as if the point required clarification. “I wanted to do right by her, to marry her and bring you up.”
He stopped, so Felicity prompted him. “But?”
“But things don’t always work out like you plan,” her father continued. “Your mum wanted to take you somewhere else, somewhere nicer and better where you could have a good life.” He let out another sigh and turned to the window. “I had to let her go. It wouldn’t have been right, keeping her here.”
“Why didn’t you go with her?”
“I wanted to. But your mum... she didn’t want me. And who can blame her?” He sighed sadly. “So I let her go.”
The perfection of the memory shattered and Felicity felt a sudden and almost overwhelming sadness. For the first time, a strong wave of emotion surged inside her, and it was all directed towards her father - a feeling of sympathy for what he had sacrificed to allow another to be happy.
“That’s how things work sometimes,” her father added quietly. “You can either hold on to the thing you love most, even if it would ruin them, or you can let it go and just be ruined on your own.”
With that, he got up from the sofa and wandered unhappily over to the kitchen. Felicity listened to the familiar sound of the fridge opening and the clinking of glass as her father rummaged for a beer. 
She sat alone on the sofa. She had got what she wanted; she felt that she knew her mother better - and her father, too - but the feelings were not what she had expected. She must have known, deep down inside, that there would have been a depressing end to the tale, since her parents had not stayed together. But when she had heard her father talk about her, her spirits had lifted; she had noted the fondness in his voice and imagined scenes of romance and happily ever after. 
Real life wasn’t like that.
Felicity was left with an unsatisfying animosity towards her mother now, as much as she tried to fight it. She wanted to remember her mother with the same fondness her father did, but unlike him, she found herself unable to forgive her. The years she had spent living in that big, old house in the distant countryside instantly tasted bitter. Her childhood should have been happy, and though it hadn’t exactly been the opposite, it had been empty; it appeared that that was all her mother had left her father with, too. Emptiness. 
Everything that Oliver had told her suddenly came flooding back to her in crashing waves, as if they had been held back for far too long and their dams had burst from the pressure. They swept aside the calm sadness that had been her father’s story about her mother and reunited her with the anxieties she had attempted to abandon. She remembered what he had said about the ‘others’, how they were on their way and would be here soon. A sense of panic made her heartbeat quicken.
She didn’t know what to do. Her father’s flat felt very inviting then, for it seemed worlds away from the cellar at Jamie’s house and all her problems. She could just stay there and forget than anything strange was happening at all; she could pretend to be normal.
That was one option.
Option two was to assume that Oliver was lying, that there was no one coming to get her and that he was only saying it to escape his predicament. Felicity, Hollie and Jamie would have to decide what to do with him later.
And the third and final option was to accept that Oliver was telling the truth and set him free. Of course, there was the chance that he was lying and would attack her as soon as his hands were loose, but Felicity had thought of that. The one thing that Oliver wanted the most was the journal, so she would hide it somewhere safe so he wouldn’t be able to harm her or her friends if he wanted to get hold of it. 
But once the two of them got out of London, all bets would be off. She would have to give him the journal and run the risk of being attacked as soon as he possessed it, or refuse to give it to him and run that very same risk. She couldn’t use it to protect herself forever.
Oliver had been right about one thing: Felicity was brave when she saw Oliver restrained and unable to cast his magic, because that was when she had the power. But as soon as he was free and had the journal in his possession, she would have nothing, no authority over him at all, no bargains to hold sway over his actions. She wouldn’t be able to protect herself, and that was what terrified her the most, for she had seen what Oliver could do and what the others had done to her mother.
Her mother. Had she really been murdered? Perhaps Felicity would never know. She wondered if her mother had thought of her before she died. She wondered if she missed her, if she regretted not spending any time with her only daughter. If there was an afterlife, was Audrey Lucas looking back at her life with pride or guilt? Felicity didn’t hold out much hope for the latter. In spite of everything, she was still angry with her.
And then, as suddenly and unexpectedly as that, her choice was made.

12.

“Where have you been?” Hollie demanded as soon as Felicity came through the front door. “I’ve been worried sick! Why did you run off like that?”
Felicity shrugged awkwardly, searching for a reply, but nothing came to her.
There came some thudding footsteps from upstairs and then Jamie appeared. “There you are,” he said, looking relieved to see her. “What happened?”
Hollie shook her head at her brother and then turned back to her friend. “Oliver’s been dead silent ever since you left. Jamie’s been down to check on him, but he just sits there and stares. It’s... kinda weird.”
“We’re going to have to do something about him,” Jamie said. “Dad comes back in less than a week.”
“I wouldn’t worry about that,” Felicity said quietly. 
Jamie looked hopeful. “Did he tell you something useful?”
Felicity didn’t reply, and there was somewhat of an awkward silence in the entrance hall.
As should have been expected, Hollie was the one to break it. “Maybe I should try and speak to him.”
Jamie rolled his eyes.
“Can we... talk about something else?”
The words had come from Felicity. They sounded apprehensive and quiet, and caused Hollie and Jamie to glance at one another.
“Fliss,” Jamie said steadily. “We have to sort something out sooner or later.”
“I know, I know,” Felicity replied. “But - for now, at least - can we just talk about something else?”
Hollie looked somewhat curious, tilting her head to one side as if to question her friend without words, and then she smiled and placed a comforting arm around her. “Of course we can, Fliss,” she said kindly. “Come on.”
The three of them headed to the lounge and turned on the television, which seemed like a suitably simple and normal thing to do. Hollie linked her arm with Felicity’s, just as she had the day the two of them had first met at Greenfields High School, and they sat side by side on the leather sofa facing the television. 
None of them were paying any attention to the programme that was showing, although all three of them were watching it. Despite Hollie’s promise that the friends could talk about something else, they ended up talking about nothing at all. Jamie was clearly on edge; his eyes kept flicking to the door as if he expected Oliver to come striding in. Felicity could feel the tension in Hollie’s arm.
Things had changed. Felicity’s life had not exactly been simple when she moved in with her father, but what she had seen and experienced since then had been unbelievable. She had discovered magic, been attacked and found out things that she could never have even dreamt about. But she had not come into the lounge with her friends to dwell on those things - she wanted to forget them. 
Hollie was not the kind of person to allow a negative atmosphere to permeate a room. She was well known throughout school for bringing a cheery, bright outlook to those around her when they needed it most, and when she saw the weight of the world bearing down on her best friend, she realised that she had to do something about it.
“Hey,” she said quietly. “Do you remember that English lesson last term when Luke Ryan climbed underneath the tables to write on the backs of all the chairs?”
There was nothing to respond to her but the noise of the television, which was showing an advert for a hair product. For a moment Hollie thought she would have to try something else, and then, from the other side of the room, Jamie chuckled. 
“Miss Anderson didn’t even notice,” he mumbled.
Hollie raised her eyebrows. “You laugh about it now,” she said playfully. “But you were pretty angry about what he wrote on your chair.”
“Yeah, well,” Jamie said, shuffling awkwardly. “I’m not a geek.”
Hollie giggled, and with that, the atmosphere changed. Jamie stopped glancing at the door. Hollie relaxed. This was what Felicity wanted - some normality and a chance to waste time with the two people she treasured more than anything else in the world.
Recent memories of school lessons and lunchtimes made for some much needed cheer. Anyone watching would have thought that these three teenagers were completely normal, that their lives were consumed by nothing more than friendship issues, homework worries and what they were having for dinner. Felicity’s spirit was lifted. Although she was ever conscious of the time ticking away the seconds until the others’ apparent arrival, there still lingered the hope that Oliver was lying and nothing was going to happen. But she was able to shove those thoughts to the back of her mind for the time being and laugh, chat and smile with Hollie and Jamie.
The siblings felt it too. Hollie completely forgot about Oliver as she giggled and joked, happy that she was able to make Felicity feel better. Jamie felt relieved of his personal and self-appointed obligation to protect his sister and best friend, as if there was no danger in the world, for that half an hour at least; in that time, he didn’t have a strange, magical man in his cellar to either get rid of or explain to his father upon his return. Everything was fine; everything was normal.
And yet, conversation was hopelessly and inevitably dying.
“It’s looking pretty grim outside,” Hollie said, flicking a glance out of the window. She sighed. “It said on my weather app that it was gonna be sunny.”
The sky had darkened unusually quickly, the sun hidden by a flurry of grey clouds. As the three of them watched in silence, there was a loud clap of thunder that startled them.
“Oh em gee!” Hollie cried out, jumping out of the armchair.
Jamie pointed at his sister, unable to contain the cackle that shook him. “That was brilliant!” he laughed. “Do it again!”
Hollie frowned at him. “Shut up. It just made me jump.” When her brother refused to stop laughing, she swiped at him with her open hand. “I’ve never heard thunder that loud before, okay?”
As he sat back in his seat, Jamie noticed that his good humour had not been shared by Felicity. She sat still, unnervingly still, and was staring unblinkingly at the window.
“What’s the matter, Fliss?” he chuckled. “You’re not scared of a little storm as well, are you?”
For a moment she didn’t say anything, and the look on her face drained the fun from the room and the merriment from his heart.
“It’s happening,” she said under her breath.

Down in the cellar, Oliver looked up as the sky went suddenly dark. He couldn’t see much from where he was, but as soon as the light drained from the room, he knew what was happening. The rumble of thunder confirmed it.
He could hear the others calling to him and using their powers to try and locate him. It would only be a matter of time before they succeeded.
Felicity wasn’t coming back. His magical ability may have been amongst the best at his level, but his powers of persuasion were clearly lacking. He had lost her, and what was worse was that he had lost the journal, too. All of the secrets it held, all of the power it could bestow upon one who could read it - all of it was gone, all because of a stupid, ignorant little girl. 
He tugged at his ropes angrily and fruitlessly. The unfamiliar feeling of fear began to turn his stomach as he realised that the others would find him soon, and then it would all be over.

Felicity swallowed. “It’s happening.”
Hollie didn’t hear her. She was poised by the window, staring outside and clinging to the curtains like some kind of shield; the storm was frightening her more than she wanted to admit. Jamie, on the other hand, had seen Felicity’s expression.
“Fliss,” he breathed, trying to speak as calmly and steadily as possible in spite of his fear. “What’s going on?”
She didn’t look at him. She couldn’t. 
Suddenly and without any warning, she leapt up from the sofa and darted out of the room. 
Immediately, Hollie gave chase, with her brother not far behind. “Fliss! Hey!”
Their calls were ignored as Felicity hurriedly descended into the cellar. Her feet moved so quickly that her legs could hardly keep up, almost forcing her to lose her balance. She practically fell from the last few steps and had to steady herself on the iron banister before she saw a sight that made her stop dead in her tracks.
Oliver was gone. The ropes that had been used to tie him to the water pipes had been severed, their fraying ends swaying slightly in the breeze coming from the open basement window.
The three friends stared helplessly at the empty room. Jamie hurried to the window, using the bench to reach up and look outside, but there was no sign of their escaped prisoner.
“Damn it,” he cursed under his breath as soon as his feet touched the floor again. “This is all down to him, isn’t it? He’s making this storm somehow.”
“Maybe he used it to help him get away,” Hollie wondered allowed, her voice shaking. “But I thought he couldn’t do any of that magic stuff any more?”
Jamie shook his head. “Me too.”
“What’re we gonna do? What if he comes back for us?”
“He won’t,” Jamie assured his sister.
“But we kept him prisoner here!” Hollie cried, starting to become hysterical. “He tried to kill me once. He’s going to try again, isn’t he?”
Had the situation not been so dire, Jamie would have commented on Hollie’s previous infatuation with Oliver, but although it did cross his mind, it certainly wasn’t the time to mention it. He took her by the shoulders. “I won’t let him hurt you,” he told her, and he meant it. “I promise.”
The two siblings embraced. Felicity watched them and felt a yearning stir inside her. Hollie looked so afraid; her usually sunny disposition had faded, as she had seen it do so many times since all these strange things started happening. Felicity wanted to comfort her, to tell her best friend that everything would be alright. 
And she wanted to be comforted by Jamie. Hollie was lucky that she had someone who cared about her, someone who would look after her and protect her no matter what. But the situation had become too crazy, too far from what they were all used to for Jamie - or anyone else, for that matter - to comfort Felicity with a hug and some simple encouragement, however much she wanted it. 
She had to be strong now.
Jamie rubbed his sister’s back. “It’s okay,” he said, pulling away from her. “Let’s get to Mum’s. Maybe we’ll be safe there.”
Hollie smiled unconvincingly at her brother, and then she looked around. “Where’s Fliss?”
The two siblings were alone in the cellar. Felicity had gone.
Jamie’s shoulders slumped. “I really, really wish she would stop doing that.”

Felicity waited until she had cleared the house before stopping; she didn’t want Hollie or Jamie to follow her. She found herself in the park over the road, hidden by the tall, leafless trees and the evergreen shrubs. Her eyes darted as she looked for Oliver, but he was nowhere to be seen, and there was very little chance of finding him now. The deal that she had been prepared to break dissolved in an instant, leaving but one option.
It had started to rain. The freak storm had chased away those who had been enjoying the last of the snow in the park; it was empty, and the water was beginning to chip away at the remaining slush like millions of tiny hammers. Felicity’s hair was already soaked, as were her clothes. Her body was shivering, telling her that it was cold and needed shelter and warmth, but her heart was beating so fast and her adrenalin pumping so fiercely that she couldn’t hear it. 
She stared up at the sky as the clouds swirled. She didn’t know what she was looking for. Oliver had said numerous times that the ‘others’ were coming but she had no way to identify them. The only information she had was that they were looking for her, so it was up to her to make herself seen. She headed for the centre of the playing field.
With each breath she anticipated the end. A part of her was screaming for her to run, to escape, to save herself, but she did not relent. She forced her legs to move her further into the open and towards the danger she felt certain was on its way. Her one and only comfort, the driving force behind her actions, was that the only two friends she had ever made would be safe. Her father’s words echoed in her ears: You can either hold on to the thing you love most, even if it would ruin them, or you can let it go and just be ruined on your own. That was the decision she had made, to protect the people who had shown her what friendship was when her mother didn’t, even if it meant facing what was to come.
“Felicity!”
She spun around, and her breath caught in her throat when she saw Oliver standing there.
He was a few paces from her, staring at her with that unnerving look of utter hatred. But in spite of that, he was calm and collected, as if meeting Felicity in the park at that very moment wasn’t entirely unexpected. His hands hung at his sides, loose and free to do with whatever he wished - and it was this that terrified her.
“Where is the book?” he said.
Felicity was too afraid to respond. Her fear had frozen her completely; her eyes were locked on his open palms.
“I’ll ask you again,” Oliver said, taking a step towards her. “Where is the book?”
Felicity opened her mouth and shook her head with genuine effort, unable to form the words in the face of her terror. She was imagining what Oliver was capable of, what spells he could wield with those hands. 
Suddenly, his calm yet intense demeanour was replaced by anger as he shouted: “We do not have time for this! The others will be here any second - give me the book!”
It took a moment for her mind to focus on his words and process them properly, but when she did, she noticed something. Squinting in concentration as she tried to ignore her instinct to flee, she glanced up at the still overcast sky.
She felt a little braver. “This... this is all you, isn’t it?” she ventured.
Oliver stared at her, frowning. “What?”
“There are no others, are there?”
Oliver looked surprised and confused, almost as much as she was, and for a moment Felicity doubted her suspicions; but then she remembered that they had all been played by him before.
“Of course there is!” he cried out impatiently. “You have no idea.”
“So you keep saying,” Felicity persisted. “But I don’t believe you.”
She had no time to react as Oliver darted towards her, his arms raised and those dangerous fingers spread. She couldn’t even attempt to dodge as he grabbed her throat with one hand and a burning flame appeared in the other, undeterred by the falling rain. 
She grabbed at his hand, which was tightly clasped around her neck, leaving her struggling and gasping for air.
Oliver moved his face close to hers. “You see that?” he asked her, glancing up at the sky. “As we speak, nature is being disturbed by the powers of the others. They’re on their way, and when they get here they will kill you, for you are a threat to them. You won’t be able to stop them. You won’t be able to defend against their magic - unless I help you.” His grip became tighter. “The only thing that stands between you and them is me, and I will not help you unless you give me that book, do you understand? I want that book.”
Felicity could barely tear her eyes from the fire being cradled in Oliver’s hands, but when she did, she saw that his eyes were wide, desperate and frustrated; beats of sweat clung to his forehead, and Felicity was left doubting herself.
“I want that book,” Oliver repeated. “Give it to me!”
Just as the fire hovered but an inch from her face, there was an almighty thunderclap that made both Felicity and Oliver stare upwards. 
The clouds were parting. It was like staring into the centre of a hurricane, for the opening that emerged was circular and the other clouds appeared to be looping around it and closer to it, attracted to it like moths to the light. The speed of the wind picked up.
The pressure on Felicity’s neck and the heat on her face suddenly disappeared as Oliver released her. She gulped at the air, coughing and spluttering, and through watery eyes she watched as he took a few steps away from her, moving his arms in a complicated gesture. Then, before her eyes, he vanished. She could have been wrong, but she thought she saw an expression of fear on his face.
But that was the least of her worries, for the opening in the sky had lit up. It shone with its own light, a bright whiteness that couldn’t possibly have been sunlight, and something was emerging; no, not something, Felicity realised as she squinted to see better, but many things. They seemed tiny at first, shooting down from the opening in the clouds like stars, and as they plummeted down to Earth and towards Felicity, they got bigger.
She realised with a bloodcurdling horror that she had been wrong; Oliver hadn’t created the storm. The others were real, and they were coming for her.
The clouds closed up behind them and the light disappeared, but still the shapes that had emerged headed in the direction of the park. They could easily have been mistaken for pieces of a plane shedding its parts as it encountered trouble, were it not for they way in which they commanded their own flight path. Felicity felt her heart beat faster and her breathing increase as they got closer and closer to her. At the last moment her instinct of flight finally kicked in and she began to run, but by then it was far too late.
She had barely managed a few metres when the shapes had surrounded her, leaving a distortion in their wake; the air behind them seemed to blur. She stopped as two of them criss-crossed in front of her, blocking her path. At first their goal seemed only to stop her, perhaps to imprison her, but then she felt a stinging pain across her cheek.
She couldn’t see where the blow had come from, for she couldn’t make out any humanoid figures within the objects that had descended from the sky; she couldn’t make out any shapes at all. She was simply aware of waves of dull light and distorted air circling her and weaving in front of and behind one another. One of them struck her again and she cried out in pain. A thin red line appeared on her cheek where the flesh had been split. She raised her hand to her face and could feel the sticky warmth of her blood.
So this was it. This was how she was going to die. She hadn’t quite planned it to go this way - she had intended to make the deal with Oliver until she found that he had escaped the basement. She was going to take her chances with him, because risking her life was better than seeing Hollie and Jamie get hurt. But it turned out that Oliver had been honest about at least one thing - that the others were coming. And now they were here.
She was struck in the face once again, this time so forcefully and suddenly that she fell to her knees. Although this was the fate she had accepted, she was still hoping that she would somehow make it out of there alive, however unlikely it seemed. Her eyes flitted from left to right, searching for an escape route, but the objects surrounding her were moving so fast that they were weaving an impassable barrier. She felt helpless and weak, and shivered with terror as she cowered on her knees, hoping that the end would come sooner rather than later.
But the beings around her were determined to toy with her, it seemed, for just as she reached her lowest point, they stopped circling. They formed a regiment around her, hovering an equal distance apart from one another, and when Felicity looked up she could finally make out some kind of shape to them. 
There was eight of them. They appeared to be human, but their image was so distorted and blurry that she couldn’t make out any facial features and could only identify limbs by assumption. She didn’t know why they had stopped - they could have been studying her, or deciding how to kill or torture her. Felicity could have used that opportunity to attempt an escape, but part of her knew it would be pointless, that her mortal abilities would be nothing compared to what these beings could do, and another part of her knew that if she were to get away then she would be putting Hollie and Jamie in danger. That was the last thing she wanted.
They didn’t hover there for long. After a moment, one of the shapes seemed to levitate towards her, towering over her menacingly. It raised what looked like an arm, and then the other, and Felicity could tell that it was performing the gestures and movements that Oliver had emphasised were so important to spell casting. 
Her time was finally up. A part of her was relieved, for she knew it would be an end to the fear and anxiety she had been suffering for what seemed like an age. No more looking over her shoulder for the next magic-wielding creature to threaten her, no more wondering whether or not Oliver was trying to trick her with lies or manipulate her with the truth. No more friendships, no more laughter. She wouldn’t have to worry about anything. She wondered if she would see her mother.
She was just about to close her eyes, for she was not eager to see how her life was about to end, when she saw Hollie, closely followed by Jamie, the two of them hurtling towards her, waving wildly.
Their approach went unacknowledged by the others, who either didn’t see the teenagers as a threat or were too concerned with Felicity to notice them at all. 
Felicity’s relief was swallowed up by horror. She pleaded with her eyes for the two of them to stop, to turn around, to get away from the park while they still had a chance, but they were too far away to read such tiny signals. 
She could hear them calling her name; there was no way that the others could have missed it. Still, they appeared unconcerned - but for how long? Felicity couldn’t take the chance that they might decide that Hollie and Jamie were in their way after all.
“Get away!” she screamed suddenly, finding within her an energy that she had thought had left her completely. “Get away from here!”
Hollie and Jamie had reached the circle now and were just a few yards from where Felicity knelt on the grass. The remains of the snow soaked into her jeans. Her body was shivering from the cold. Her skin was pale and her eyes red. It was clear that the two siblings wanted to get to their friend, but the strange, hovering beings before them were making them hesitate.
“Fliss!” Hollie called to her friend, daring to alert the others to her presence.
“Run,” Felicity called to them. “Please!”
Hollie shook her head. 
The apparent leader of the eight beings closed in on Felicity. She was aware of a pressure beginning to push down on her chest, restricting her lungs and making her cough and splutter as she struggled for air. She didn’t want her friends to see her die, and though there was nothing she could do about it any more, she hoped that the others would leave them alone once they were done with her. 
A dizziness started to overcome her. She could feel herself weakening.
Suddenly, she was aware of Hollie standing beside her. She felt her arm being tugged, forcing her to struggle to her knees - and then Jamie was there, too. Through blurred vision she saw him take hold of her other arm. The two of them were trying to save her.
The pressure on her chest ceased as she was dragged a few paces from the centre of the circle the beings had created, but they got no further than that. Felicity knew they wouldn’t. Hollie and Jamie had made themselves an obstacle, and the others wouldn’t allow that; as Oliver had said: they’ll destroy anyone who gets in their way.
She couldn’t let that happen. She had allowed herself to be caught because she thought it would save her friends, not condemn them, and now they were all in danger. The others had already resumed their circling barrier to stop Hollie and Jamie from dragging her away, and now the three of them were standing like red targets in the centre of a shooting ground.
Felicity slipped and fell to her knees again as Hollie’s hold on her arm suddenly weakened and she cried out in pain; the others had restarted their torture, and she was their first new victim. Blood dripped from the wound on her face. Just as Jamie tried to reach out to her, a look of horror painted on his face, he too was struck. He staggered and held a hand to his cheek in shock and disbelief.
The onslaught continued, and it increased in both speed and ferocity. When Felicity looked up, she saw no less than five red slits tainting Hollie’s perfect face, whilst Jamie was nursing a bloody nose and a split lip. The pair of them looked terrified, and yet they didn’t move from Felicity’s side.
Hollie let out a scream as another blow came from nowhere, delivering three fresh cuts, this time to her forehead. Her head jolted backwards as she was struck, making her lose her balance and forcing her to her knees. Now at her level, Felicity could see that her face was twisted in an expression of pain. Tears had begun to mingle with the blood.
The others were killing her. But not just her - Jamie, too. The three of them were going to die together.
What happened next must have been instinctive, because Felicity was barely aware of it at all. She remembered closing her eyes and praying to anyone who could hear her to help the three of them out of this situation. She thought of God, though she was not a Christian; she called out to her father, though she knew he could do nothing. And finally, an image of her mother appeared in her mind, and she found herself wishing, hoping and screaming for her to save her.
That was when the bright light appeared. It flashed into existence, lighting up the park as it washed over the three friends and encompassed them in a great, shimmering dome. Felicity watched with wide, unbelieving eyes - her mother had answered her call. She had come to save her.
The lights trickled down the side of the dome like sparkling water. The others were left trapped outside, prevented from doing the three friends any further harm. Hollie and Jamie, recovering from the attack yet still bleeding and in pain, stared in awe at the shield surrounding them. 
It was only when Hollie spoke that Felicity realised that the magic was coming from her.
“How are you doing that?” she cried.
Felicity stared at the shimmering lights above and around her. “I don’t - I don’t know...” she breathed. 
Her arms were outstretched above her head, and though she didn’t know how she was doing it, she could feel the tingling sensation of the spell as it shot purposefully from her palms. It felt warm, as if she had just held her hands against a radiator, except she knew that the warmth was coming from inside her. Her eyes flickered from side to side as a sense of panic convulsed her body. What was going on? 
Her desperate mind clung to one thought and one thought alone. Somehow, her mother had found a way to cast her magic through her daughter. Her power had been absolute - everyone told her so. So that was what it had to be.
She stared upwards, her entire body shaking from the power of the shield emitting from her hands. “It’s my mother,” she whispered.
“Huh?”
A smile broke her lips. “It’s my mother!” she repeated, louder this time.
Jamie stared, unnerved by Felicity’s smile. “Fliss...” he said under his breath, but he could find no more words.
When one of the others struck the outside of the shield, Felicity felt it. She grunted and faltered, and the lights surrounding them flashed suddenly and then flickered, weakening under the strain. Instinctively, Hollie and Jamie ducked.
“Fliss,” Hollie said, her voice shaking. “Are you okay?”
Sweat had already begun to form on Felicity’s forehead as the strain of maintaining the shield started taking its toll. The spell was draining what was left of her energy, just as the others had been stealing it from her. Her hands and arms began to shake as she struggled to keep up the shield, the only thing between them and the others.
“I... I don’t think I can do this for much longer...”

13.

Felicity’s strength was wavering, as was the shield. With every strike that came from the outside, she could feel the barrier grow weaker. It became smaller, too; Hollie and Jamie had to move closer to their friend just to remain within it.
“Don’t give up, Fliss,” Hollie said to her friend as she saw her resolve weakening. “Please. You can do this.”
The light of the shield flickered again as the others continued their assault. 
“I... I can’t,” Felicity breathed.
“You can!” Hollie cried. “You have to!”
Felicity could feel her energy being sapped from her body. Every breath and every beat of her heart was surging through her to her open, outstretched hands, feeding the shield that was protecting them. She had already stumbled to her knees as they gave way under the immense pressure. The shield was growing heavier. Every second felt like an hour. At any given moment, she would lose her grip on it and the three friends would be exposed.
Her eyelids grew heavy. Her lungs couldn’t keep up with the demand for oxygen. The next blow that came would be the last, she knew. She glanced at her friends, and their desperate, hopeful faces stared back at her. It was a bitter feeling, to know that she had failed them.
And yet, that final blow didn’t come. Beyond the shimmering lights of the magical shield, the three of them were aware of the others breaking off their attack. They swirled in the air as if they had suddenly become indecisive.
“What’s going on?” Jamie wondered aloud. “Why are they stopping?”
“Does it matter?” Hollie squealed excitedly. “They’re leaving us alone!”
“Did you see that?”
Hollie followed her brother’s gaze. Through the shield, she could see someone approaching. At first it didn’t look to be anything significant - just an unlucky passer-by going for an ill-timed walk - but as she watched, she saw something that both frightened her and lifted her spirits.
The newcomer had powers of his own, and he was using them to hold off the others. The light of the shield made it difficult to see exactly what he was doing, but there was no mistaking the flamboyant gestures that preceded the bursts of light and energy that shot from him to their seemingly mutual enemies. He was like them, but he was fighting against them.
To Hollie, he was a hero who had come to their rescue. She didn’t have to wonder about his objective, such was her relief. “Fliss!” she cried. “It’s okay! Someone’s come to help us!”
Normally, Felicity would have been more cautious than to believe such words amidst the danger of the situation they found themselves in, but her strength was almost completely spent. Her arms fell loosely to her sides as she broke off the shield; the lights disappeared instantly. Her eyes rolled back in her head as she collapsed.
Hollie knelt beside her and placed her fingers on her neck. “She’s okay,” she told her brother. “Oh em gee... her heart is beating so fast!”
“I can believe that,” Jamie said. He removed his coat, draped it over Felicity and then he looked up at their apparent saviour. “Who is that?”
It was impossible to make out any distinct features, for the swirling shapes and lights littering the park with their energy were distorting everything. Hollie and Jamie had to squint to see one another, so they had no chance of identifying the newcomer as he battled with the others a few yards away from them. Still... there was something about him that was oddly familiar.
“You don’t think...” Hollie breathed. “Is that - is that Oliver?”
She couldn’t tell for certain and nor could her brother; Felicity was lying unconscious on the grass and could see nothing at all. But Oliver was the only other person they knew who could use magic, so it seemed entirely possible. Jamie didn’t like the idea of him appearing as their hero, but when the three of them had been so close to death, he didn’t feel as though he could complain.
The way in which the newcomer moved was almost poetic. His arms moved round into powerful curves, cutting arches into the air above his head with his outstretched fingers. His legs were strong and sturdy, keeping him rooted to the spot, defying his enemies as they attempted to bring him down. One by one the eight malevolent beings were falling victim to his skills, colliding with the sprays of colour he conjured or engulfed in the massive flames he sprayed from his palms. He twisted and turned, ducked and dived, dodging almost every strike that was sent his way. The few blows that did catch him didn’t seem to bother him in the slightest; he picked himself up from every single one, never leaving himself open and vulnerable in the same way again. At the same time, he was somehow able to  move his hands and arms in the intricate way required to create his spells. 
It was quite breathtaking to watch. The man was clearly an expert. All this time the three friends, particularly Felicity, had spent worrying and dreading the arrival of the others. Their power seemed absolute, fuelled by their fear and their lack of knowledge. But now this stranger, their hero, had arrived to save the day. He put the powers of the others to shame, such was his strength and skill.
Though they were intensely grateful, Hollie and Jamie were also wary. This man clearly had great power, and at present there was nothing to assure them that he didn’t intend to use it on them as soon as he was done with the others. As his protective instinct once again kicked in, Jamie wondered if he ought to try and usher the two girls somewhere safe, but he was so caught up in the amazement and wonder of what was going on that he found himself unable to do anything but watch.
The leader of the others was the man’s last opponent. The indistinguishable shape hovered in the air as if staring down at him, though Hollie and Jamie couldn’t see anything that could pass as eyes. There appeared to be some kind of standoff between the two of them as they measured one another up, and then, just as the newcomer lifted his arms to cast another spell, the leader of the others simply and unceremoniously vanished.
The rain stopped and the wind died. What had appeared to be a freak storm passed as the grey cloud slowly drifted from the sky, allowing the sun to shine once more; everything was returning to normal. Apart from the snow and slush that had disappeared from the playing field in the rain and strong wind, it was as if nothing had happened.
As the sunlight filled the park and lit up their surroundings, Hollie and Jamie could see more clearly.
“That’s not Oliver,” Jamie observed as the man began walking towards them.
Hollie, who had been kneeling beside a still unconscious Felicity, stood up and squinted at the approaching figure. She was about to open her mouth and ask exactly who the man was when she also recognised him.
Her jaw dropped.

Felicity stirred.
She had been aware of the voices around her before she actually awoke. They had interrupted her peaceful sleep and invaded the dream she had been having; she couldn't remember it exactly, but she was certain it had involved floating. The whole thing had been quite peaceful.
She opened her eyes. At first she could see only shadowy blurs on a pale background, so had to use her ears to identify those around her. This wasn't entirely helpful; much like her eyes, her ears were not performing to their usual standard and all she could make out were muffled noises. They rose and fell in tone and volume every now and again as they communicated with one another.
Two of them were instantly recognisable. Only one was female, and Felicity knew it was Hollie; there was no mistaking that hopelessly positive sound. The other was Jamie. The third sounded familiar but without her eyes to aid her, she just couldn't place it.
It was then that she realised that she was in pain. Her whole body ached and she felt a little sick. With a groan, she raised her hands to her face and rubbed her eyes, movements that took more effort than they should have done.
"Fliss!" she heard Hollie exclaim, her voice overflowing with concern. "Fliss, you're awake!"
Felicity groaned again and allowed her friend to pull her into a sitting position. She blinked a few times, trying to restore her sight.
"You okay?" It was Jamie.
"We were really worried about you," Hollie said.
As the shapes hovering in her vision became clearer, Felicity could finally see everything in detail. Hollie was leaning over her, her face a picture of worry. Without looking around - for it didn't seem to be the best idea to move more than was necessary - Felicity could tell that they were back at Jamie's house and that she was resting on the leather sofa. She couldn't tell how long she'd been unconscious but it was still light outside; the afternoon sun drifted lazily through the curtains.
She couldn't recall much about what had happened. She remembered going out to the park to draw the others away from Hollie and Jamie, and how the two of them had turned up to try and save her. She even remembered conjuring the magical shield that had protected them, though thinking about it just made her headache worse. She recalled how close she had come to death.
She blinked the uncomfortable memories away and squinted at her friend. "What happened?" she croaked.
"You don't remember?" Hollie asked, surprised.
Felicity shook her head weakly.
"Oh, um..." Hollie shuffled awkwardly, her eyes shifting from left to right.
"What is it, Hollie?"
"Uh..." She seemed to give in; her shoulders slumped in defeat and she looked intensely uncomfortable. "I think uh, maybe he better explain things to you."
She gestured to the other side of the room.
Mr Oakley, the counsellor of Greenfields High School, sat in the armchair, though he stood up when Felicity strained to turn her neck towards him. The sight of him both confused and surprised her, and upon remembering her experience with him in the corridor after she had taken her mother's journal from his office, she recoiled and began to panic.
Hollie was back at her side in an instant. "It's okay, Fliss," she soothed her. "Mr Oakley, he's the one that saved us. He can do magic. He's -"
"Like you." The counsellor finished Hollie's sentence.
Felicity shook her head. "But - that's not - I don't understand..."
"I'll explain everything," Mr Oakley said assuringly, though it did little to comfort Felicity. Still, there was a strange kindness in his voice that felt somewhat out of place. He turned to Hollie and Jamie. "Would you mind if I talked to her alone?"
Hollie nodded and looked at Felicity. "We'll just be outside," she said. "Really, Fliss. Everything's fine. He saved us."
Felicity didn't doubt Hollie's interpretation of events, but she had seen far too much to trust this strange man who had asked such odd questions about her mother and who had had the journal in his possession. Not only that, but the way in which he had demanded it back from her had been frightening. He had cornered her, cut off her escape route and threatened her. Though it seemed trivial compared to the other things she had faced, she was still apprehensive about his presence.
But she was also curious. That only made things worse, as it seemed that it was her curiosity that got her into so much trouble.
As her friends left the room, her body tensed up.
There didn't seem to be anything threatening about him as he sat there looking calm and quizzical. To anyone else he looked like an incredibly ordinary person. He still sported the smart-casual look that Felicity had first seen him wearing during her counselling sessions - corduroy jacket, jeans and canvas shoes, the kind of look (so Hollie had said) that was just screaming mid-life crisis.
Several moments passed, during which neither of them spoke. Mr Oakley appeared to find making eye contact with Felicity somewhat of a difficulty; every now and then he would look up at her, but the glance lasted merely a second or two before he averted his eyes to the floor. He looked unsure, even nervous, and Felicity found herself beginning to calm down when she realised that she felt exactly the same way.
And then he sighed and shook his head, his brow locked into a frown. “I don’t know where to start,” he said.
Felicity didn’t know either. There were many, many things she wanted to ask this man, but she was still apprehensive; now just didn’t seem like the appropriate time to sit down and have a little chat.
“You look just like her, you know.”
Her eyes snapped up; he was looking directly at her.
“Your mother. I don’t know why I didn’t see it before,” he added, as if she didn’t know what he was talking about.
“It’s taken me years to find you,” he continued. “I searched everywhere. But your mother kept her secrets much better than I ever gave her credit for. She covered up every trail, hid every piece of proof that you existed. She thought of everything.”
Felicity didn’t have any words to respond to what this secondary school counsellor was saying to her. Not yet, anyway. Her brain was formulating question after question, but somehow its signals weren’t getting through to her mouth.
“She changed her name, of course. I should’ve thought of that.” He sighed. “But... well, we’re here now.”
Without taking her eyes off of Mr Oakley, Felicity slowly and laboriously began to push herself into an upright position. Seeing her difficultly, the counsellor moved towards her to assist her, though not without hesitation. Felicity’s body tensed at his approach, but for some reason she allowed him to help her.
It was then that she found her words. “How did you know my mother?”
“She didn’t tell you about me?” He looked surprised and slightly disappointed, but recovered himself quickly, as if he didn’t want her to see his reaction. “We were part of the Tower together. Before we fled, of course.” He noticed Felicity’s blank stare. “The Tower of the First Order,” he clarified, as if that explained everything. “In Deepworld.”
So now Felicity had a name for the other world that Oliver had referred to, the world he said that he and the others had come from. Presumably, Mr Oakley originated there, too.
And so did her mother.
He watched her process this new information, and his surprise was impossible to conceal. “Your mother, she... she didn’t tell you, did she?”
Felicity was getting painfully familiar with those words.
“She didn’t tell you anything,” the counsellor said quietly, partly to himself.
It stung more than Felicity was prepared to admit. Before, when she had been so naive as to consider herself almost normal, she had just felt distant from her mother, as if Audrey Lucas simply didn’t have anything in common with her daughter or, perhaps, was socially inept. It would certainly explain where Felicity got it from. She had always thought, perhaps even hoped, that she would understand as she grew into adulthood - but she didn’t. Not yet, anyway. 
But things had changed since then. Audrey Lucas wasn’t just an unemotional, unattached and secretive person. She wasn’t just a mother who had taken her daughter to the countryside in order to give her a better life. She had been something else, something unbelievable and unimaginable and crazy. She had kept a book of magic spells and was apparently quite advanced in her use of them. She had hidden the birth of her daughter from those who claimed to know her. She was from another world.
Felicity hadn’t thought it possible that she could feel any more apart from the woman who had given birth to her, but in that moment, she did. 
“Felicity.” Mr Oakley had been watching her as these thoughts cascaded through her mind. “Your mother, she... she was really important.”
She didn’t respond. The counsellor paused, not knowing how to proceed. The girl couldn’t understand the weight of the words he was about to deliver. How could she?
There was nothing left to do but tell her. “Your mother was the Spellweaver.”
The Spellweaver. It sounded so alien, and yet so familiar. Felicity was certain she had heard it somewhere before.
“She was the most powerful of us all,” the counsellor explained. He couldn’t stop now; the girl needed to know the truth - and he needed her. “She was the one who protected us.”
“Protected you from what?” 
The question caught him off guard, for she had been so quiet. The answer, he realised as he opened his mouth to reply, was more complicated than he thought. He had never had to explain it to anyone before.
“There are a great many beings that would seek to harm us, Felicity,” he said darkly. “Those who would abuse the powers given to them. Those in positions of authority. Wild creatures, evil creatures. The Spellweaver would protect us from everything. Or at least... she would try.”
Felicity pushed her red hair behind over her shoulders and rubbed her forehead. “But she’s gone.”
“Yes, I know,” he said, and Felicity could hear the sorrow in his voice.
“Is that why you had her book?”
“What?”
“My mother’s journal,” Felicity replied. “Her... spell book.”
“Ah.” A slight smile crossed the counsellor’s features. “Yes. Your mother left it with me for safekeeping. I suppose I let her down quite a bit, didn’t I?”
“It’s okay. It’s somewhere safe,” Felicity reassured him, instantly surprised at her choice to do so. “I still have it.”
“So you should. It’s yours.” He paused. “I’m sorry that I tried to take it from you. It’s a powerful item, very powerful, and if it fell into the wrong hands -” He stopped. “Had I known who you were, I would have given it to you myself.”
“But what is it?”
“It’s the Book of the Spellweaver,” he answered her simply. And then, seeing her blank expression, he tried to think of a more detailed explanation. “It’s the legacy of the Spellweavers. Each generation recorded their spells here.” He paused and looked directly at Felicity. “Your mother, too. Just like her ancestors before her. All of the most powerful spells in existence are written down inside that book.”
Felicity nodded - Oliver had been telling the truth about one thing, at least. “That’s why he wanted it so badly...” she mumbled.
“Who?” Mr Oakley said.
“Oh, um...” Felicity shifted uncomfortably. “Oliver. He tried to take the book from me.”
Immediately, the counsellor was on his feet. “Where is he?”
“I - I don’t know,” she replied. “He was there in the fields, when the others came after me. But then he just - he disappeared. I don’t know where he is now.”
It was several seconds before Mr Oakley spoke again, and when he did, his voice was low and serious. “And you’re certain that you hid the book safely?”
She nodded nervously. “Of course.”
Mr Oakley said nothing, but she had already seen his reaction to Oliver’s name.
“What do you know about Oliver?” she asked.
He sighed. “Not much, really,” he said, sitting back down on the armchair. “He’s one of the Tower neophytes - a low level magic user. Not very powerful.”
“Not very powerful?” she blurted out. She couldn’t stop herself. “He almost killed me!”
“That’s why I’m here,” Mr Oakley replied, his tone calm and reassuring. “Now that I’ve found you, I’m not going to let anything happen to you. I can show you how to defend yourself, how to weave spells just as your mother did -”
“But I’m not like her!” Felicity cried. “I can’t do magic or cast spells! I can’t even read that stupid book!”
He stared at her. He was doing that a lot, Felicity realised, and it was beginning to annoy her. “You... you really don’t know, do you?” he said.
Felicity suddenly felt a burst of anger that propelled her to her feet, forcing her to forget the aches and pains in her body. “I really wish everyone would stop saying that and just tell me exactly what it is that I’m supposed to bloody know!” she cried. “I’m so sick of being kept in the dark. My mother kept these secrets from me for all my life, and now you’re being all mysterious and cryptic about it. Can’t anybody just be straight with me? You’re just as bad as her!”
“Alright, alright!” Mr Oakley exclaimed, raising his hands as if to calm her. Her outburst had caught him quite by surprise; he was used to dealing with a shy, quiet and lonely teenager, a girl he had noted for being somewhat conflicted and isolated, a girl who had never dealt with the death of her mother and who hadn’t built up a sturdy relationship with her father. She had been lost.
That girl didn’t exist any more. Now, the Felicity who stood before him was determined and much stronger than she used to be. She was starting to realise her place in the world, which was something that only he could help her with.
But it wasn’t easy. There were so many things that she didn’t know, things that her mother should have told her. Now that she was gone, the responsibility was all on him, and he didn’t want to let either of them down. 
He took a breath. “Alright,” he sighed. “Felicity... you’re the Spellweaver.”
Now it was her turn to stare. “What? But I thought - I thought my mother was the Spellweaver.”
“She was,” the counsellor said. “And now that she’s - gone, the title and responsibility belong to you.”
Felicity managed to emit a few croaks before: “H - how?”
“That’s... how it works,” he explained. “The powers of the Spellweaver exist in the blood. From mother to daughter, specifically. You’ve always had it in you, Felicity. Except...” He hesitated.
“Except what?”
“Except that you should’ve been born down in Deepworld. Not here.” 
Felicity felt the knots tie in her stomach. It was a strange sensation; she felt nervous, scared and confused all at the same time, and these things were now manifesting themselves physically, making her feel slightly dizzy and sick. 
So she was from another world - or at least, half of her was from another world. She should have guessed it, really, what with all the strange things that had been happening since her mother died. She thought that this somehow explained things, such as her mother’s odd, distinctly unmotherly behaviour or the reason why everyone seemed out to get her, but she was missing so many pieces of information that she couldn’t quite figure it all out.
“You’ve missed out on all your training,” Mr Oakley continued. “You should’ve been born inside the Tower. Your mother would have taught you everything you needed to know, until it was your turn to become the Spellweaver. But... things happened and everything changed.”
Still, there was one thing that Mr Oakley had said that stood out. Felicity was the Spellweaver. The one who protected everyone, who made spells and wrote them all down in a journal to be fought over and sought out by evil people from another world. 
“But you said that the Spellweaver has to protect everyone.”
“That’s right.”
Felicity was horrified. “And you expect me to do that?” she exclaimed. “I can’t! I told you - I can’t do magic!”
The counsellor looked genuinely baffled. “Of course you can. I saw you myself.”
Felicity’s jaw dropped. “What - what do you mean?”
“Back at the park,” Mr Oakley said. “You conjured the shield that protected you and your friends. I’ve never seen a spell quite like it.”
“But - I didn’t -”
She stopped.
It was with a strange terror that Felicity realised that she had indeed cast the magic spell that had sent light shooting from her palms and that had enveloped her friends. She had thought - no, she had convinced herself that it had been her mother sending her powers from beyond the grave, but that just seemed incredibly silly now. With some effort, she remembered how Oliver had recited the words from her mother’s journal, words that had made her dizzy and weak. She had tried to say them herself and thought she had failed, but when faced with the very real prospect of losing her friends -
She rubbed her eyes. They were stinging a little.
“Felicity,” Mr Oakley said softly. “You’re the Spellweaver. You have powers that you could never have dreamed about. The shield was just the beginning - your mother hid such secrets in her journal that she had to run away from the world she knew just to protect them.” He paused. “It’s all up to you now.”
That was exactly what Felicity was afraid of. She didn’t want such responsibility. She wanted to be normal, a thing that had been in her grasp for such a short time before it began to evaporate before her very eyes.
She shook her head slowly, and when she eventually spoke, her voice was barely above a whisper and contained a desperate sadness.
“But I’m just a teenager.”
The words cut into Mr Oakley’s heart. He was all too aware of Felicity’s age, and of the fact that she was the youngest Spellweaver in history. Not only that, but her lack of experience and training made her the weakest. They had such precious little time to study the journal and reveal its secrets, secrets that may well be the key to saving them all, and Felicity didn’t even know the basics about spellcasting. 
But however much the odds were stacked against them, he knew there was potential there. He didn’t tell her, but the shield she had spun over her friends had been magnificent. The energy the others had used trying to break it had weakened them enough for him to fight them off. Blow after blow she had withstood, and all without even realising that she had conjured the thing in the first place. It had been an astonishing sight to witness. Even with no training, she could do great things when the need called to her. It was in her blood, of course, as it was with every Spellweaver that had come before her. Her mother had been the most powerful yet; she had woven magic with such grace, delicacy and deadliness that he had never seen before, and nor had the history books.
It hadn’t been enough to save her, but he would make sure that her daughter would not suffer the same end.
“You’re not alone,” he said. “I’ll help you.”
She looked up at him, her eyes filled with doubt.
“I mean it,” he insisted. “I know I couldn’t save your mother, but I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise.”
Felicity would have loved nothing more than to trust those comforting words, especially since they made reference to her mother, but she couldn’t shake off the doubt plaguing her mind. So far, everyone who had harboured these magical powers had had nothing but malicious intent towards her, and she surmised that this mistrust would probably take a long time to disappear.
She nodded to herself. “I think... I think I’m going to go,” she said.
“Go?” He looked surprised, and a little worried. “Where?”
“My dad will probably be wondering where I am.”
“Ah.”
He watched her stand up and trudge towards the door almost automatically, as if her legs and feet were disconnected from her brain. Her shoulders were slumped, as if the weight of not one world but two were hanging invisibly upon them. He wished there was something he could do to help lift the burden or even carry it for her, though he knew he didn’t have that kind of power; but she was the Spellweaver. There was nothing he could do to change that.
But maybe there was something else he could do for her.
“You do understand why she was never really much of a mother to you, don’t you?”
She stopped at the doorway and turned, an inquisitive look replacing her blank, emotionless expression.
“She had to protect you,” he said. “The others were constantly hunting her, and she knew that if they found out that she had had a child...” His voice trailed off and he paused before speaking again. “She kept you a secret, even from me. She couldn’t even trust her closest friends with the knowledge that you existed.”
Felicity stared.
“What I mean is,” he went on, “that she needed to distance herself from you to keep you safe. To keep you close would have meant putting you at risk. Do you understand what I’m telling you?”
Felicity didn’t know whether or not she did, but she nodded anyway. Her head had taken in far too much new information for one day.
But there was one thing that she wanted to know.
“What was her name?” she asked.
“Hm?”
“You said she changed her name. What was her real name?”
Mr Oakley frowned, and then he realised what she was referring to and nodded in understanding. “It was Araya.”
She tilted her head to one side as if processing this information, and then she looked back at Mr Oakley. “I guess you have a different name, too.”
“Yes,” he said. “It’s Seth.”
There was a pause.
“I think I prefer Mr Oakley,” she said, and then she left the room, closing the door behind her.

14.

She found Hollie and Jamie sitting outside on the front porch as she left the house. Hollie was holding a vanity mirror, inspecting the various cuts to her face, but upon seeing her friend she immediately jumped up to greet her.
“Fliss!” she exclaimed. “Are you okay?”
“We heard everything,” Jamie said, and then, upon being hit by Felicity’s surprised and slightly annoyed glance, he added: “The lounge window was open.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Hollie asked, her voice overflowing with concern.
“Not really,” Felicity answered quickly, and the three of them sat back down on the stone steps.
The sun was setting beyond the leafless trees that circulated the park opposite Jamie’s house, sending red and golden rays across the scattered clouds. It was hard to imagine that only a few hours earlier the others had been there, manipulating the weather and spreading chaos with their magic. It would have been easy to imagine that the whole thing had never taken place at all.
The three friends stared out onto the peaceful horizon, each of them with their own contemplations on recent events. 
“So... what now?” Hollie ventured.
“School starts soon,” Jamie replied. “Did you do your history project?”
Hollie raised her eyebrows and gave a little chuckle. “Of course not. Did you?”
He smiled. “Of course.”
The two of them looked at Felicity expectantly, and she glared back.
“What?” she asked. “I’ve just been told that I’m the world’s only hope against evil and you think I should be doing my history homework?”
“That won’t be a good enough excuse for Mr Taylor,” Jamie warned. “We didn’t even get any special consideration when mum and dad split up.”
“Well maybe I won’t save him then,” Felicity replied.
The three of them laughed, a harmonious and joyous sound that for a tiny moment eclipsed the fear that Felicity was harbouring. But it appeared that none of them could divert from their most pressing thoughts for long.
“I wonder what happened to Oliver,” Hollie sighed.
“He’s gone,” Felicity answered confidently. “I’m pretty certain of that.”
“But what about...” Hollie lifted her eyes to the sky.
Felicity followed her gaze. “I don’t know,” she whispered.
“Hey,” Jamie said soothingly, putting his arm around Felicity. “Don’t worry. We’ll look after you.”
“Yeah,” Hollie agreed. “We’re BFFs, remember?”
In spite of her anxiety, Felicity felt a smile form on her lips. She knew that Hollie and Jamie lacked the mystical powers that they had all seen Mr Oakley use, but their promise still meant more to her than his. She felt suddenly and overwhelmingly grateful for their interference in the park. She had wanted to do things alone, to protect her friends by sacrificing herself, but she knew now that it was a much better thing to help each other and work together. It wasn’t what she was used to, but however difficult it was, she was learning that change wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. With Hollie and Jamie at her side, she felt as though she could handle being the Spellweaver, whatever that meant.
With a sigh, she wondered about all the things she could have missed out on had she let herself be killed, and then shook the thought away. That didn’t matter now, because she was going to live.
She hugged Hollie and Jamie goodbye.
“You don’t have to do this alone,” Jamie assured her.
She nodded. “I know,” she said softly, and then she looked at both of the twins in turn. “Thank you... both of you.”
After promising that she would see them tomorrow, Felicity left the house. It was difficult to go back to her father’s flat and allow the two of them out of her sight after all that had happened, but there was something else that she needed to protect.
Her father stood up to meet her when she arrived.
“Have you been out all day?” he asked her as he stood up from the sofa. The television was blaring behind him.
Felicity tensed, instantly on her guard. She was in no mood for an altercation like the one that had taken place after her misdemeanour in going to the Talk against his permission. 
“Yes,” she answered him. She couldn’t lie.
“Oh.” Her father nodded. “Are you back for dinner?”
It was then that Felicity noticed the scent of chicken filling the flat, and when she turned she saw the oven light illuminating the roasting meat. It both looked and smelt delicious.
She instantly relaxed. “Yes,” she said, her voice filled with a relief her father couldn’t possibly imagine. “I’m back for dinner.”
“I’m glad,” he replied, and then he smiled. 
As she looked at her father, Felicity briefly wondered whether or not he had any knowledge of her mother’s true identity, but then she remembered the things he had said and the way he had said them; there was no way he could have known. He wasn’t that good a pretender. 
His smile was an odd sight, one that Felicity was not used to. Her father was not a cheerful man; in fact, Felicity found it hard to decide exactly what kind of a man he was, emotionally speaking. He never seemed particularly happy, but on the other hand he didn’t seem to wallow in sorrow and misery. But the smile changed her opinion; for the first time, he seemed happy to see her, and not only that but he had admitted it, too.
She returned the smile, if a little awkwardly, and then moved past him to her bedroom. When she closed the door, she realised that something else had changed. With her father’s smile had come the knowledge that she was home. Not just at her father’s flat, a place where she was living for the time being, but home, a place she belonged. She had family here, and friends that had been with her through the most difficult of times. Finally, she felt as though she belonged somewhere.
She had hidden her mother’s journal in the gap beneath her floorboards, where her mother’s other belongings had lived until she moved them into the box her father had given her for Christmas. It wasn’t the safest place for it; she knew that now, after she had witnessed the kind of power that she was up against. Slowly and carefully, she pulled back the floorboard and removed the book.
She felt her hands tingle as she did so; did that mean anything? Was the magic pulsing in her veins reacting to the book’s power, or was it just nerves? Did she feel anything at all? It had  been so fleeting, it was entirely possible that she could have imagined it altogether.
Her hands swept across the worn cover. She wondered briefly how many times her mother had sat in a similar position, huddled somewhere with her back arched over the book protectively, dragging her pen to form those intricate, swirling letters that Felicity had always admired so much. It was strange to think that words written down on a page could be so powerful, but then she had seen it for herself.
The words looked different when she opened the cover and her eyes met the first page. She had been expecting to see the loops and squiggles of an incomprehensible, alien language that meant nothing to her; that was all she remembered from the last time she had attempted to read it. Oliver had had to recite the words to her. But now, even as she stared and concentrated, she found that certain parts of the writing were beginning to make sense to her. It didn’t happen all at once - so much of it was still completely out of her grasp - but looking at the page certainly didn’t give her the headache it had before.
A rush of excitement flooded her veins, pulsing its way to her heart. It pleasantly surprised her, the way in which it incited such a positive feeling rather than the fear she had become so accustomed to. The thought of the powers she had and the things she had to face seemed so frightening - but now, as her eyes moved from word to word, absorbing them one by one, she felt a confidence and determination that she had never before experienced. 
Felicity gasped as the words on the page began to glow with a pale red light. It was beautiful; they began as a shining frame for each of the written letters before rising into the air in front of Felicity’s face. They danced and skipped as if filled with joy, and the sight both amazed and delighted her. 
And then the lights completed their parade and began to dim, fading into nothingness as quickly as they had emerged. 
The excitement died with the lights, leaving Felicity with nothing but an open book and a heart filled with a stunned realisation. 
It was like a revelation. As she had watched the dancing lights, the others hadn’t scared her. Oliver hadn’t scared her. Now her fear was slowly returning to her, but it was different now. Before, it had been the paralysing terror of knowing that she and her friends were probably overdue some kind of horrible, painful end and there was absolutely nothing she could do about it. The helplessness only magnified how hopeless her situation was, however much power Mr Oakley insisted that she had
Now, after witnessing those sparkling lights dance in front of her vision and experiencing the elation of finally understanding some of her mother’s words, she felt as though these people, creatures and powers from other worlds could try their hardest to harm her and those she loved, but would face vigorous resistance when they did. She would fight them with her last breath, because that was what she was meant to do.
In that moment she knew the power that she had. She recognised it and accepted it in a way that she never thought she would. Once the pace of her heart began to slow and her breathing became under control, she said the words for the first time.
“I’m the Spellweaver.”
They came out as a whisper, for that was all she could manage. 
She thought of her mother. 
How hard had it been for her? Had she suffered the same fear and confusion upon being told of her responsibilities? What help had been given to her in that other world that Mr Oakley had told her about, the Deepworld?
He had been there for her; that much was certain. He spoke as fondly about her mother as her father did. Felicity wanted to be angry about that but felt far too drained for such emotion. Instead, she found herself imagining what the Deepworld was like. She knew so little about it, but the name and the nature of those who resided there made it sound dark, miserable and dangerous. It didn’t sound like the kind of place that she wanted to visit, and even less so the kind of place that she ought to be calling home.
It must have been difficult for her mother, Felicity thought as she closed the book and leaned back on her bedroom door with a long sigh. She had had so many secrets, things that she couldn’t even tell the father of her child. She wondered how her father would have taken the news that his girlfriend and daughter had mystical powers that were causing them to be hunted down by some magical maniacs, and then she felt an almost overwhelming urge to burst into the lounge and tell him everything.
He wouldn’t believe her, of course. A part of her wanted the comfort of a parent, even one who was almost a stranger to her, but another part convinced her that telling him would be a mistake; such knowledge could put him in danger.
It was this thought that prompted a realisation that would shape Felicity’s actions for the rest of her life. 
Just as she had endeavoured to keep her friends safe and just as the very thought of them coming to harm both angered and saddened her, she knew that her mother had been trying to do the same. Not just for her only daughter, but for her father, too.
She remembered what he had said to her when she had asked him why the two of them had not stayed together. She hadn’t wanted him, he said. She had taken their baby to the countryside to raise her in what she considered to be a better place and didn’t want her father to go along. He had thought that she had fallen out of love with him, if she had ever loved him to begin with, but that wasn’t the reason at all. It was because she had been trying to protect him.
Felicity felt an intense sadness as she realised her father would never know how her mother truly felt. In truth, even Felicity didn’t know it for certain. But she understood the pain that her mother must have felt, because she had felt it too when she had left Hollie and Jamie behind to face the others alone. At least she had managed to keep hold of her friends - her father had lost her mother forever. Not only that, but he would spend the rest of his life thinking that it was because she didn’t love him any more.
And then she had sacrificed the love of her daughter, Felicity. Her mother had lived with her secrets since before Felicity was born, and she was almost fifteen now. That was a long time to stay hidden. Felicity had often heard of the joys of having children and even contemplated having some of her own in the future, but that was when she had been young and foolish. Still, children seemed to be one of those special things in life. How had her mother managed to have a baby and keep it secret from everyone?
But she had also kept secrets from the baby, even as she grew up and became a young woman. Felicity pictured the others in their endless assault and recalled the fear she had experienced as they attacked her magical shield. That was what her mother had been protecting her from. She had sacrificed that pure joy, the joy that comes with having children, that myth that Felicity had heard so much about, so that her daughter still stood a chance if the hunters finally caught up to her - which they had.
Had her mother been able to trust anyone at all? It must have been so lonely - but then, Felicity knew how that felt, and now she would also share in her mother’s responsibilities.
It was curious, she thought, that she had spent her entire life feeling as though she didn’t know her mother, and now she was closer to her than ever before.
She barely even noticed the tear escape from her left eye, leaving a moist trail down her cheek.
And then her attention was diverted, for her father was calling to her.
Dinner was ready. 
