Five Stars


by ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Characters:
Beck Actworth, student, geek
Billy Jack, student, football player, brother of Bobby Joe
Bobby Joe, student, football player, brother of Billy Jack
Cinta Warfield, majorette, Risa’s girl best
Davy Ray, student, football player
Garth Warfield, student, football player
Lara Lee Hodges, head majorette
Risa Dawn Patillo, majorette, Cinta’s girl best

Friday. Night. November 8th. Cinta’s bedroom. 11:02 pm. I launch the sequined top rolled into a messy spiky rubber ball as the tiny pellets of glittery metal accurately fling against the lavender-colored wall of her bedroom. A few, maybe, five or six of the broken sequins bounce along the top of my open hard steel suitcase then hit the lush carpet as Cinta neck snaps her dead pan face to the soft tinkling noise presenting duck lips, ugly on her golden skin while staring at the bright star twinkles on her white thickly soft carpet then rudely finger points her manicured baby blue index finger nail at the flooring.
“Don’t destroy your majorette uniform, sweetie! Ya need it when the band marches in the Holiday Parade next month….,” orders Cinta with a stern clarinet tone.
I sing in my new bass flute music. “Naw! I’ve decided that we’ll wear the baby blue sweat shirt and matching sweat pants over a white turtleneck with the cute furry headband that keeps my earlobes from freezing off my skull since the temperature’s going to plummet into the 40’s this time next month during December at nighttime.” I whip off the sequined shorts-like bikini bottom around my tight butthole which is part of my two-piece majorette uniform tossing it accurately into my suitcase leaving more detached sequins on the rug while slipping into my soft hot pink silky designer brand pajama top and matching shorts.
“That’s not what Lara Lee says…” Cinta hangs her majorette uniform inside the closet debating with me. I remove my thick painted makeup from my free-pimpled face with three oil olive pads sitting my fanny upon the soft lavender satin padded stool of Cinta’s pretty Maple wooden vanity bureau with the built-in three-fourths body size mirror.
I say. “Fiddlesticks on Lara Lee! She might be head majorette, but I’m co-head. Then there’re six of us making a perfect block against a single evil female dictator…which is the first one in Earth’s history. Right, Cinta? How’da she got to be head majorette over me, anyways. I’m the better baton twirler. Period! No question mark!” I do not giggle avoiding any olive oil drops in my eyeball.
Cinta pulls her lavender satin bedspread from the top to the bottom exposing the three king-sized pillows for the evening slumber. “She can charm a cobra-snake one, and two, she can do a two-turn,” heavy breathing from jumping over the wide mattress tossing the bedspread from the far wall. She looks at Risa for…1 second then 2 seconds and then names. “Risa?”
I hold the olive oil cleaning pad and stare into the mirror as my eyeballs stare back at me. I word with annoyance. “Out of all days to miss my fabulous two-turn baton spin which I originated long before Lara Lee did last year remember, Cinta? Then during the… one cotton pickin’ day of the entire solar sun year that counted the mostest which was Band Majorette Try-out Day, fiddlesticks, ya know…I can do a two-turn and catch my baton all at the same time.”
Cinta says. “Lara Lee can do a three-turn.” She neatly twirls the fabric down into a flat log as she slips it from the bed into the horizontal wooden chest if she dirties the delicate lavender satin fabric.
“Naw.” I sing in flute music.
“Yes.” Cinta sings in clarinet music.
“Naw! You’re lying big time, Cinta.”
“I eye witnessed it before the Pep Rally…last week.” Cinta confesses, wrestling with long king-sized bedspread like a Florida alligator as I watch her in the mirror then flip face to her body, wrinkling my forehead, ugly and.
“Where was I?” I wonder through my mental brain cells.
“Bathroom peeing or…glossing one or both of your cheeks? You always seem to be somewhere else when the fun’s happening, Risa.” Cinta comments out of baby blue Alabama sky then she adds. “She says that we…you and me are going to perform a two-turn while she does a three-turn then the other four slo mo majorettes will do a one-turn…all at the same time next week on the second marching band song as we twirl in front of the audience.” Cinta details then silences for…1 second then 2 seconds then 3 seconds as Cinta looks into the mirror seeing Risa and names. “Risa?”
“Whoa the stagecoach!” I’m impressed.
Cinta giggles with a girly twang, commenting. “I like to read them e-novels, too, girl-best. I recall that phrase in the e-book “Thian” by the new e-writer pen named ipam.”
I mentally visual the horizontal line-up of the majorettes along the football field as the music queues then the girls pitch their batons into the air while four of them turn one time, catch the baton, then two of them turn two-times, catch the baton and Lara Lee turns three full rotations of her slender body, catching the baton posing with her million dollar smile like a beauty queen without the crown and barely whisper. “That’s so cool!”
Cinta giggles at her friend Risa and comments. “That’s why Lara Lee is captain.” I twist my lips, ugly at that comment and removing the dark colored maroon lipstick.
I sing in my flute music. “Naw. She only won by default since I missed my two-turn and she catch her baton. Lucky dang dog! I’m still not wearing that skimpy sequined thing on that cold night Holiday Parade, since I’m freeze my butthole off. No, I declare…a war before that happens.”
“Lara Lee rules.” Cinta remarks with a happy clarinet, smiling.
“Lara Lee drools.” I comment with a nasty flute, snarling.
“That’s not nice, Risa anyways Lara Lee is popular and pretty and…,” dumps Cinta patting her bedspread like a kitty-cat.
“No, she ain’t.” I present a set of duck lips, ugly.
“Yes, she is…very popular and very pretty and well-liked…”
“I don’t like her…,” since the First Grade when she pushed me off the play ground swing set but I can’t tattle that old memory with Cinta because she seems to be acting weirdo tonight.
“You don’t like Davy Ray. No one likes Davy Ray since he’s more redneck than cowboy.” Cinta twangs in a cheery clarinet, laughing.
“He’s more hillbilly then redneck always slobbering on Lara Lee’s face like a piglet on her Mama’s tit.” I observe too acutely with my big open eyelashes, snorting like a wild boar.
Cinta viciously attacks with her alto clarinet. “You shouldn’t curse, Risa.”
“It’s not a curse word. It’s part of a mammal’s body. TIT!” I sing in my new piccolo music.
“Hush, Risa! Geez…my parents will hear they sleep just down…”
“…stairs on the first floor…,” reminding Cinta of the layout of her own home.
“And…with your big mouth cussing in piccolo music up to the heavens that will get me more than you into big time troubles. What’s your probe, Risa?” Cinta wrinkles her forehead while looking with eyeballs at Risa’s back muscles.
I subject change. “Why don’t you challenge her more, Cinta? You can do a two-turn very well along with me. If’an you had vied for Captain then ya would’ve gotten it then we…be like bee stingers unstoppable as co-rules of the majorette squad vetoing all of Lara Lee’s stupid poopy decisions.”
“Football season is almost over so Lara Lee can’t dictate ya anymore, Risa. And, I don’t want to co-anything with Lara Lee. I don’t like her which means that I don’t associate with people that I don’t like.”
“O…that’s a good rule I should remember that one! Ya like me, right?”
“Of course, girl best.”
“Am I popular with our classmates?” I inquire staring at my face.
“Popular, pretty, and a pampered princess which makes for a new rule in my room is don’t trash my new rug, Risa. Geez, Mama’ll have a baby calf with a few newborn kittens.” Cinta quickly trucks her naked feet to the broken metal, kneecapping on her body and collecting gingerly the shiny pieces with her five left finger pads tossing elegantly the tiny man-made gems into her right palm and lectures. “Fudge cakes, if Mama steps her naked toes on these sharp objects while cleaning my room during her nosy motherly investigation of my precious but well-hidden secret stuff, she’d ground me until Labor Day of next year.”
“Sorry, Cinta. Look, get the vacuum cleaner then I’ll brush it around your new rug. I like the color of white but want it get really dirty…really fast from walking round and round in the same spots from the your doorway to your vanity chair to your bathroom door then back to your bed mattress. Then the white’ll get a dirty white tint and turn into a light beige, not matching the bright white in the corners and…”
“Ya think too much, girl-best, one and two, its eleven-sixteen at night. Ya know sleeping time for the Warfield clan, if my Mama hears any type of waking-up-racket from my room at this unholy hour, Risa…she’ll birth a four-legged filly along sides a litter of Beagle puppies.”
“You’re going to make a great veterinary some day Cinta since ya speak bravely for all the animals fighting for survival against mankind.”
“Well, earthlings are murdering the bluish-green planet and sucking the life out of all the other species that don’t trot upright on their designer covered naked ten manicured and hand-painted toe nails.” I giggle with a girly twang assisting with the proper cleaning chore along side Cinta then she slowly stands upright in her yellow duckie-patterned silky pajama with of a sleeveless top and a pair of matching shorts with caution holding with both hands the remnants of my violent shredding while she slowly pirouettes towards her private bathroom which’s shared by no other blood-related sibling.
I’m a majorette in the Apollo High School (AHS) Marching Band along with my girl best…kinda like a guy pal…but for my female friend named Cinta Warfield since we were little tikes at AHS Pre-kindergarten when four-year-old Beck Actworth tripped over his Bigfoot sneakers landing on my flat little girly chest then the new class mate Cinta kicked the snot out of his rib cage between the sixth and seventh ribs while Beck rolled off my fallen body in the opposite direction in both childhood pain and suffering.

Ten years ago. I, along with my classmates, shockingly learn that six-year old Beck Actworth has contracted a permanent muscular disease, which is attacking the seventh disc of his spinal cord and nervous system at the age of four-years-old. That very day is the first attack on his biological body. So he doesn’t really mean to purposefully land on my flat chest causing me to fall upon my tender back muscles on the soft grass at Recess Time on the Apollo Elementary Playground field. I just happen to be the one soft fleshy object to cushion his pre-destined fall. However Cinta and I are introduced becoming bestest girly friends since then and now in almost my entire existence.

Present. I’m sixteen-years-old Risa Patillo, who lives and breathes at 218 Maple Street in a farm town Apollo in the great State of Alabama that runs in the geographical east to west parallel to US Highway 29 that leads south into the State of Florida. I’m a Bama girl in heart, soil, and twang. My Mama birthed me on November 9th which is in precisely 42 minutes and 37 seconds as Cinta’s alarm clock counts forward towards Father Time on her night stand as I finish whacking exactly 23 strokes down my auburn waist-length semi-wavy hair before our scheduled trash talk.
Every Friday night is the AHS football game, where every sober and a few intoxicated devoted Apollonians stand and shout at their old Alma Mata’s success for a new victory win while they drool and drone for the ASH Marching Band with the line-up of pretty majorettes…(that’s me)…leading the loud musicians. And every Friday night, I spend-the-night with Cinta after the Football Game, since 10th grade, because one, we’re girl bests. And two, my parents leave on Saturday mornings at precisely 4:30 am with our livestock inside the rolling wheeled cattle stalls and millions of harvested field crops of peanuts sealed inside three long semi-truck tractors hauling our farm’s precious merchandise to the capital city of Montgomery for the weekly monetary income tally of Daddy’s hard work.
This particular Friday night, in about forty-one more minutes, I’ll turn…only once…seventeen-years-old at midnight, without being asleep or being at my home. Mama and Daddy left this morning, instead of tomorrow morning, due to the urgency of the US Federal Government stupid puppy poopy rules and regulations. It’s no big deal to me really since my immediate family will celebrate my birthday, later, tomorrow evening. Mama and Daddy will return from their required chore of making money to put food on our table along with my requested three-tier birthday vanilla butter crème frosted with a total of seventeen sets of tightly bunched red-colored butter crème rose buds for my new years of existence on Planet Earth around the three levels of sweet vanilla cake.
Cinta returns wringing her preciously manicured half-an-inch finger nails that paints like mine in pretty baby blue with the good smelling water apple anti-bacterial hand wash as she extends the pink-colored bottle out for both my hands. I gladly accommodate with my cupped palms as Cinta squints me a dime-sized goop. I rub within my palms and finger pads as we each strut up the small three-tiered step stool into her old fashion Plantation wooden bed frame which stands from at bottom floor a set of elegantly crafted four wooden lion-pawed feet to a gracefully topple of the lavender-colored chiffon fabric canopy fifteen feet high below her eighteen-feet ceiling.
I climb on fours (palms and toe bones) sinking into the micro fiber mattress as my long body drowns in softness of lavender-colored satin sheets. I pad around the edge of the mattress and occupy the left side of the king-sized bed. I smash my sleeping queen-sized pillow upright against the wooden head board along with Cinta then she lays a king-sized satin purple draped pillow vertically between us while she dims the lamp on her night stand as I do the same since we like to gossip in the semi-darkness without awaking her folks as I place my cell on the nightstand. I’m with my girl best and my parents are sound asleep from their exhaustive day after they texted me on the cell during the football game with an electronic loving hug and a kiss since I don’t have a Southern beau to send me an electronic hug and kiss so I don’t need to access my cell phone.
Cinta holds her cell as the small light shines in her pretty face, being the bestest collector of hot wash gossip at AHS. “Ya can go with cute and sexy Billy Jack, who thinks you’re booty is cute and sexy, too…
“Cinta, Billy Jack has never ever shown an interest, an eye wink or a tongue burp in me other then spilling that batch of dead brownish-beige frog guts on both my cowgirl boots in Biology last year. That was a total accident.”
“He’s still cute and sexy making a dynamic impromptu double-date with me and Bobby Joe…”
“No, Cinta.” I shake my curls in angry. “Fiddlesticks, I’ve told ya about hundred and sixteen times that I can’t go with you on a double-date...”
“Why not? Your parents like me, well, they adore me. I’m the one that saves your sorrow bee_hind in Algebra, almost every week. Did ya finish the homework assignment for Chapter Five its due on Monday?” I grunt with both the question and the duty of completing my un-left and un-finished academic High School work assignments for next week’s school.
“Then, you be their daughter for the rest of Algebra.” I growl. “Why did I take Algebra this year? I blew it in Geometry last year and finally passed. I tried to explain to my parents that I’m lousy at math and science and history and literature and…everything except…twirling a baton.”
“Risa, Geometry is totally diff from Algebra. You have to try a little harder. And you need a set of hard core High School courses…like Physics and Calculus that mashes with your soft curriculum of English Lit and World History classes to get accepted as a first year freshman at Birmingham University in the big Metro City of Birmingham. You do remember that’s it’s in the middle of the state of Alabama and you do remember that college now days is extremely competitive for High School Seniors not like when my Mama and Daddy attended. Ya know…we both agreed to start college this summer right after our beach time vacation to the Gulf of Mexico on Memorial Day with our special friends. Ya know…?”
“Breathe, Cinta. I know you’re winking your left eyelash at me since I’m not a barn bat and can’t see in the dark and I do remember your stated boring college facts. That’s precisely why…I can’t date a boy, a dog, or a snake…?”
“Ya want to date a snake what in Heavens for, Risa? That’s a silly request for an earthling. The cold blooded reptiles hiss and possess sharp fangs along with paralyzing poison especially rattlers and copperheads.”
“I’m being profound, Cinta. I can’t go on a date until I’m old and gray and wrinkled in my face with saggy boobs at 42 years old. It…is so frustrating. I turned sixteen years old this exact time last year getting verbal permission from Mama and a physical shown crossed heart promise with his two fingers on his flannel work shirt from Daddy…then…I….,” complain in my semi-soft flute music. “I made the grade letter of an ‘F’ in both subjects of Chemistry and Geometry for the Fall six-weeks term being so over-confident about my school work assignments and over joyous about dating for the first time…ever in my life with a boy….and the first time kiss…ever…”
 Cinta blows her breathe voicing in her new bass clarinet. “Yeah, baby! Ya blew that mountain peak with deadly wicked tons of TNT. And, hey, girl-best! I tutored ya, babe. I ain’t fault here, either. What happened?”
“I…I’m not holding any blame towards you, Cinta. I just flat out failed the test. I guess I didn’t study like I was supposed too.” I pause for beauty then continue. “Failing at test wasn’t the prob. Mama and Daddy were my biggest major problems. They were inflamed, incensed, and intolerable as caring and loving gentle are-supposed-to-be parents of my continuous bad grades. They grounded me until New Year’s Day and almost make me quit the majorette squad along with taking the car keys of my new Mustang and hired me a tutor…”
“And, thanks for the money. I put these George Washington’s to good use…” Cinta expresses and giggles with a girly twang.
“O! I had…” dumping the partial sentence then stopping.
“Had what, Risa?” Cinta questions.
“I had…” I pause for beauty and then continue. “I had forgotten to say thank you for helping me, girl-best. I couldn’t passed without your tutoring, Cinta.”
“That’s why I be born. They say that every earthling has a purpose. You, girl-best are my purpose, Well, I joyously happen to possess two majordomo purposes while the second one begins right after Church service lets out Sunday night Bobby Joe and I are going to the Sin-Eaters…”
“Don’t call them that, Cinta. The Actworth family members are not…sin-eaters for goodness sake.”
“Their family business owns that creepy funeral home which highly qualifies them for that very descriptive name, one and two, that low patch of green grass and that sweet duck pond between their funeral home parking lot and the occupied cow pasture which can only be accessed I might add by a 4 x4 jacked up monster truck that Bobby Joe happens to drive is neatly well-hidden from the roadway which is perfect…(giggles)…for watching the twinkling stars and full moon…”
“Yeah, well, I wouldn’t know about that watching stars and moon stuff without using a telescope and the property strip is properly called Singer Fields, not Sin-Eaters.”
“Do ya know what a sin-eater is, Risa since you scored what…on your last English Lit test…a 71? That’s not even a passing grade, girl best…it’s a high D+…ya know.” I ignore her academic lecture since it’s the same one that I heard from my Mama this morning before I was sent to school with a good hardy breakfast as I swing the cell into my face, thumb-typing the word sin-eater and Cinta continues. “Lara Lee and Davy Ray hide out in Apollo city’s graveyard. There’s not a soul, there…Lara Lee likes to quote into my nostrils on Monday morning.” Cinta giggles with a girly twang.
“Gross me out…”
“That’s grosses me out, too! Switching to a sweeter subject, Billy Jack ain’t grossed out by you, sweet pea. He’s got his own 4 x 4 jacked up truck…”
“All redneck hicks drive 4 x 4 jacked up trucks with their loaded twelve-gauge shotgun stored under the passenger side…,” then read out loud the word definition directly from the Net text. “Sin-eater is a person hired at a funeral in ancient time .like Ancient Greek or Neanderthal Cavemen period to eat beside the corpse and so take upon themselves the sins of the dead so the soul goes to Heaven which is horse shit covered in big emerald green flies.”
Cinta giggles loudly then drops her alto into a low oboe so her parents didn’t figure out that we’re awake and being naughty. “Ya might get an A, this time, if’an you use your creative construct on your next English Lit paper…”
“Or…permanently kicked out of Miss Helena’s English Lit and Principal Russell’s Apollo High School failing as a Senior and re-taking the twelfth grade all over, again, for a second misery. No thank you, doll! That’s not good advice from you, Cinta.”
“It’s a joke, Risa. You’re tense, girl best. Hmm! How about a dish of chocolate ice cream, sweetie pie, I’m getting a sugar call?”
“No.”
“You’re declining a scoop of delicious ice cream. Hmm! How about some chocolate candy bars Mama purchased a new bag not even opened so they’re fresh and sealed and well hidden from garage deposal Garth, sweet cakes, I know Mama’s secret hiding pouch?”
“No.”
“You’re really bummed. Hmm! Want me to give ya a back rub, baby like I do my boy toy Davy Ray? He purrs like a newborn kitten in my arms.”
“No.”
“Okay. Then, you tell me what ya want…maybe I can oblige…since we’re girl bests. What’da you want?”
“I want…sometimes really silly.” I propose off the wall, smiling as Cinta lightly giggles in the dark.
“I like silly. What’da ya want, sweetie?”
“I want…sometimes that I can’t have.” I hint, smiling.
“I gots lots of sinful delights in the kitchen. I’ll share. What’da ya want that you can’t have?”
“I want a kiss.”
“Holy Moley, Risa. Are ya carrying…uh…some girly girl feelings for me that I need to know about? Since, you’re…sleeping in my bed in my bed room with me…”
“No, silly worm. I want to kiss a boy. I dream about it all the time. I can’t stop thinking about it. I can’t stop thinking about him.”
“Who him, sweetheart?”
“Any him…ya know…a male as in a boy that’s my age…that’s get a set of soft pink lips for kissing?” I pause for beauty then continue. “The only kiss I get is when Mama’s pecks my right cheekbone…always my right cheekbone for the start of school day and Daddy gently kisses my forehead when he comes home out of the corn field after school. That’s it!”
“Hmm! I…am beginning to see the single fading flashlight burning between the dark tree limbs. That’s why you’re not studying? That’s why you’re continuing to make bad grades? Risa…”
“Keep your voice sofa, Cinta. Your Mama…”
“Risa…who him…are you daydreaming about?”
“All the him’s….the dating eligible boys at our school that attend our classes, Cinta. All boys that would like to kiss…me…for the first time.” I stare my eyeballs out the twin sets of horizontal windows in Cinta’s bedroom that displays the pretty yellowish-white lights from the glowing flowers that breed along the water puddles in Apollo, Alabama.
“Risa, if you keep up this day dreaming nonsense coupled with making a set of poor academic grades, you….will not get into college. One, ya blew our future college plans and two, you will live with your parents foreverly.”
“Foreverly? That’s not a word.” I ponder within my average brain cells.
“It’s a cute e-novel teen word from a new e-book writer I found on the Net. I like the word. And, the word fits you like a ‘T’ as foreverly….living with your biological old and wrinkled parents until death do ya’ll part.” Cinta giggles silly while I distorted all pretty features of eyebrows, lips even cross my eyeballs, ugly.
“Foreverly…,” whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings.
“I’m sorry, Risa. I didn’t mean to add more depression into your life, sweet pea.” Cinta jiggles the bed mattress on her side and hums in her alto clarinet. “Hmm! How about I tell ya a secret?” Cinta gently smacks with a single tap of her baby blue manicured index finger nail upon the night stand lamp as the single light bulb illuminates her face and the white bed headboard like headlights in my eyeballs then I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice clearing the vision. Cinta smiles brightly with good teeth and dances her eyeballs side to side looking at me then she shuffles the king-sized pillow down to the edge of the bed and shifts her body towards me.
I scoot across the mattress to hear the newest juicy gossip at ASH since Cinta always serves the bestest new blurb for the latest more current item then we go to sleep for the evening while I ease my face into her face so my eardrums can hear the hot wash news. I question with a biggy smile. “Is it good?’
“This hot stuff is sizzling the lavender tint from my paint.” Cinta grins.
I nod. “Tell! Tell!”
“Ya know! The Novena Harvest is next week…,” Cinta dumps…way too slowly.
“I’ll be attending that school event since I was four years old just like you for the numerous fun kiddie rides, the cake walk, tons of finger lickin’ BBQ food, and all the cheap fifty cents toy prizes that my Daddy can win for me from the fixed amusement booths to raise money for the new textbooks at the school. Tell me more, Cinta.”
“Ya know! The word ‘novena’ represents the number ‘nine’ on the ancient Roman Calendar. In the Dutch calendar, it’s known as Slaught-man a time during the ‘slaughter-month’ when the beasts are slain and salted down for the winter months feeding and in the old Saxon world it is called Wind-month for ‘wind-month’ when the fishermen drew their boats ashore and give up fishing until next spring…”
“Breathe, Cinta.”
“So…at the root of these historical facts there’s one single re-occurring custom like…when the beasties are all given up and the fishies are all let go….ya know…everyone’s gone and lost foreverly.”
“Foreverly what, Cinta? I don’t understand that weird custom or your silly reference to November which happens to be my birthday month…ya know?”
“During Novena Harvest when each school grade is forced to send a representative couple…a boy and a girl to compete for the year’s titles of Harvest Prince and Princess, King and Queen, Empress and Emperor nonsense and then they’re all given those great big real really good prizes that consists of expensive electronic devices which are given by the snotty nosed teachers and won by the less popular nerdy geeky kids in the class….”
“Yeah…”
“Ya know the ones we hate…”
“I don’t hate any of the kids in our class, Cinta. That’s your big hot dangling secret?”
“Ya know…Bobby Joe told Billy Jack who told Davy Ray who told me…that…”
“That what Cinta?”
“Keep the volume down, girl best.” She smiles wickedly. “Bobby Joe is going to nominate Beck Actworth for Harvest Emperor in our class and Billy Jack is going to suggest that Lara Lee be our Harvest Empress.”
“That’s nice.”
“And…here’s the naughty part…” Cinta smiles with good teeth, and pauses for beauty then shares with a giggle. “Lara Lee ain’t showing up on that Novena night for the Harvest Royal in the butthole competition ‘cause her Mama and Daddy are leaving right after school to visit her Grandma in Huntsville which is way north of us for the weekend.” She giggles with a nasty twang as I drop my mouth like a hunger shark.
I reprimand. “That’s low down…worser than low down. That’s meaner than a biting rattlesnake on your new cowgirl boot toe. Why’s Bobby Joe doing this?’
“Not just Bobby Joe, Billy Jack, Davy Ray, Vonnie Sue, Lara Lee…almost all the Seniors are playing in on the gag….including me and you, girl best...,” smile Cinta into the light.
“I…,” do not like this new game.
“I…what, sweetie?”
“I want to understand some illogic reasoning here…earthling. When’da ya turn into an evil princess, girl best? Beck’s a nice boy with a set of good gentlemanly manners taught by his Mama which some local country hicks that I…will not name but kindly observe could learn to master…”
“Bobby Joe has manners…,” compliments Cinta with a sweet smile.
“…when the full moon turns aqua blue during three strikes of white lightning along the indigo midnight sky…”
“Yadda! Yadda! Yadda! Don’t you begin to insult my man…”
“Beck is both college professor book smart and Bambi-like cute if’an you’re willing to look with your perfect acute vision and your partial open mind beyond his rounded frame eyeglasses. He’s got that long slightly wavy hair that drapes around his cheekbones with he talks and it cuddles his square jaw line that’s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that kinda twinkles like electric blue stars against his pale skin….”
“You….like…him.” Cinta staccatos presenting duck lips, ugly then she questions with her kitty-cat curiosity. “Why’da ya like him over Billy Jack?”
“Cinta, admit it! Beck’s just as cute as…”
“…Billy Jack.”
Cinta stands with her folded manicured fingernails on her hips. “They’re totally diff, Risa. Billy Jack has a set of short cropped blonde hair that don’t touch any part of his handsome face with side bangs that sweep over to the right eyebrow, cute-like…(giggles)…his Daddy would whip the tar of that boy’s bee_hind, if’an his golden locks grow beyond the top of his earlobe like...like a hippie. Beck’s family look and act like them hippie folks from the 1960’s that we studied about in American History class, last year. Remember, Risa? The hippie people take illegal drugs, eat with their feet, and played bongo drums all the time…kinda like that Actworth bunch of monkeys who probably were transported from South American, not by airplane, either. You can’t debate me with them true facts. They’re all old farts and old feathers that’s what Mama says all the time. That’s why we don’t spend any time with their young kinfolk.”
“The Actworth clan is very conservative, highly respected, and to use an ancient term, old-fashion. Them be my Mama’s words, Cinta. That’s more a Southern tradition then my Grandmother’s cornbread recipe. Ya see their great big house over there on Birch Street that takes up the entire roadside of Birch Street…”
“Girl best, don’t ya know anything about Apollo the city of our birth. One, the Actworth mansion was the first building erected for that family when their wooden wagon wheels invaded the dense woodlands proclaiming their stay upon the red clay. Back then, roads were only muddy two tracks of iron stokes without any proper names other than the common landmark the occupied a geographical area by its grove of the most popular tree types that thrived here…for far more centuries until disturbed by nasty earthlings. That’s how the little town of Apollo acquired the named road street signs mostly by the pre-dominate tree bark. The Actworth forest holds a large patch of overgrown Birch so the Apollo Chamber of Old Grandpas back in 1819 named the street ‘Birch’. You live on ‘Oak’ Street. Davy Ray lives on ‘Maple’ Street. I live on Pine Street…”
“So! That’s why new saplings are re-planted year after year to honor our ancestry in 1819. That’s nice.”
“No, Risa. To keep the red clay around the crop farms from eroding down towards the beach shore due to greedy Earthlings destroying the land, air, and water supply…ya know…we all have to live and breathe clean air and clean water to survival on Planet Earth.”
“I knew that.” I eye burn the pretty lights beaming into the window glass.
“And second, inside that big ole Actworth mansion their private Parlor Room was used for both socializing the living and the dead…”
“What?”
“I speak the truth for both the living and the dead. Ya go and ask your Mama, Risa? The house is haunted with the ghostly dead souls that perished…here during them Indian battles and other such killing events marked in our Ninth Grade Alabama History books. Ya see, at the time…here…there wasn’t a church building as much as a social gathering of residents in the little small farm town Apollo at Preacher Garrett’s private home for the weekly church service. Back then, when folks died they just lay the zombie out in the Parlor Room since it wasn’t used for eating meals or sleeping quarters only for old men talking over business transactions like cotton and slaves and young maidens flirting with their future beaus for marriage arrangements….”
“I know what at Parlor Room is used for, Cinta. I passed American History with a…a passing grade.” Cinta giggles at my mediocre academic skills as I pause for beauty and ask. “Does the Actworth mansion still have a Parlor Room, since that’s on old-fashioned concept that was used during the quote antebellum times unquote in the Old South? Have ya ever seen the real Parlor Room, there at the Actworth house?”
“A Parlor Room, now days, is formally called a Den. Ya know where my Grandfather goes to drink his mug of beer away from both Mama and Grandmother while reading the newspaper or a book in peace and quiet from their nagging…or a man cave for modern guys to watch sporting events or a playroom for young children away from the Family Room and the kitchen. Ya got a Den, right?”
I nod. “It holds a wall of old smelly books, a second wall of some old rusty and some new metal filing cabinets, a third wall of partial open and closed shelving in which all of it contains Mama’s and Daddy’s existence since their marriage and the world of farming related to the money business accounts and legal paper….”
“Your Den is used as an office. Ya should investigate those locked filing cabinet see what you can find....,” smirks Cinta.
“I agree it’s an office setting where both Mama and Daddy attend nightly after supper for a couple of hours while I surf the Net….instead of doing my homework.” I bend my arms at my elbows, smiling like a devilette and wiggle my ten finger pads since I lounge under the canopy of Cinta’s Plantation bed which prevents me from fully tossing my long arms into the air without accidentally causing a mid-air collision with the lavender ruffles and softly word. “Yeah, baby!” Cinta shakes her skull. I detail. “They quietly talk about the farm stuff, but I’d feel funny stomping my feet around the room and opening unlocked drawers that don’t belong to me.”
“It all bee…longs to you, girl-best. You’re the only heir to the princess-throne, Risa. You’re an only child of Mr. and Mrs. Patillo. I’m just advising that you need to introduce yourself into the world of farm operations. Your dear Mama and Daddy would be proud you have showed an interest in your future career as a farmer and a future wife of a farm boy. Ya know! You and Billy Ray can marry and merge ya’ll’s farm land making the spread of woodlands one of the largest crop fields in South Alabama for producing cotton….”
“Billy Jack’s cute like his brother. Heck, all them country boys are cute with their golden tans from the harsh sunlight of farming, their broad shoulders from tractor plowing and their slow molasses Southern draws of sexy baritone trombone that echoes lovely into my eardrums. But I don’t like or love or desire Billy Jack. We just had this discussion thread about fifteen minutes ago…”
“Yeah! You…like…him. And…I just told ya about fourteen minutes ago that my Mama won’t let us…Warfields associate with them weirdo Southern clan. And, no, I’ve never been to their mansion, because it’s haunted. They say you can hear music…”
“Cinta, the music’s comes from an array of piano notes, guitar strums, banjo picking, and snarl drum rolls. Each family member is doubly talented with musical instruments…”
“How ya know that, girl-best?” I eye burn the wallpaper of delicate baby blue and lavender field flowers perched into a wicker white basket that repeats along the wallpaper design every three inches against the faint lavender background around the room as Cinta viciously attacks, leaning into my space as her nostrils breathe on my left collar bone. “You spy…on…him.” I blink my eyelashes once, twice then thrice at the pretty basket on the wallpaper not revealing my deep down secret. She says. “Ya’ll are neighbors, if you use that very loose term, since the Actworth Mansion is what…two or three miles from your front porch but the closest directional angle of the northwest corner of your Daddy’s cow pasture. Yes, that spot would provide an excellent view of….” ponders the geographical landscape. “It’s not the front porch since that faces due north from the roadside. Then, you must be able to see their back porch…the patio between the thickets of live Oak trees. We used to ride the horses down to the creek water for fun pretending we’re cowgirls exploding the old West. Remember, Risa? So, there’s a pretty clear hiking path from your barn right along side view of Beck’s house. What does Beck do on the patio, Risa? Hmm! Does it turn ya on, girl-best?”
I view the bed linens. “I like all my class mates at AHS. We all were born and raised here like a litter of piglets knowing each other’s Mama and Daddy, their Mama and Daddy and go to school with each other cousins….”
“You don’t have any cousins, Risa. You’re an only child…,” dumps Cinta with a fish lips, ugly.
“I know that.”
“Well, girl-best, you must be the only one that likes him, since…”
“….Beck’s in a wheel chair for the rest of his earth-bound days. He has that muscular disease, because he can’t walk, ever, Cinta. Why are we picking on Beck?”
“Beck’s a nerdy geek. We just be having some fun, Risa. That’s all.”
“Fun! Back to the next week’s night of Novena, Beck will wheel his person and his chair in front of a packed house of nosy Apollo citizens seating nosily and eating hotdogs inside the school auditorium without Lara Lee since she’s completely out of the social pic with her parents. Then Beck will lose the competition for ya’ll’s fun and his pride for ya’ll’s revenge. Why’s that important, Cinta?”
“Lara Lee doesn’t wanna stand beside him that’s the fun part. Ya know Beck’s a smart-hole. He knows everything about everything….,” dumps Cinta with a sneer.
“He doesn’t know how to walk, dance, run or…,” reminding for heavenly mercy.
“You’re missing the funny bone, Risa.” Cinta smiles with a set of good teeth and pauses for beauty. “Ya know…Garth had to defend your honor against Beck yesterday during lunch.”
“Where was I during lunch?” I pause for beauty then recall. “O! Yeah…talking to the school counselor about my lousy High School grades, she told me to retake the ACT test before I fill my entrance papers for college so I don’t have to sit in those dull and boring rudimentary English Lit and Algebra classes…”
“Risa?”
“So, Garth…your older brother Garth who says only ‘howdy’ and ‘naw’ to me since the First Grade because he failed…,” for some dang reason that isn’t discussed with my other school mates but I don’t really care to know.
“That’s not a fair statement since Garth was very sick when he started school at the age of six years old. He was so sick that he missed the first six months being home-bound in the bed. He almost died, Risa.”
“I’m sorry, Cinta. I don’t mean to take my…sappy emotions out on you…or Garth. I’m just having a bad time…in this period of my short life of sixteen years. So, Garth had to defend my honor from Beck. What did Beck do to my honor because as far as I feel…(giggles)…its still here?” I pop the side of my hip since I lay on my folded kneecaps as I find my honor easily translates into my bee_hindie since I know Garth a lot better than Cinta thinks as I snort like a wild boar.
“Beck called you a silly little cowgirl.” Cinta tattles in clarinet music, snarling like a captured mountain lion.
“Mama calls me a lot worse than that when she gets hornet mad at my ugly grades. I don’t find that sentence really offensive, Cinta. Because, one, I’m a cowgirl living in a farm town of Apollo which’s way off the traveled map of any normal city slick civilization and second, I…am silly in a ha…ha…humorous kinda…way.” I smile.
Cinta shakes her curls. “Risa, you should be appreciative that Garth stepped up to the role of a rouge gentleman to your precious Southern belle image. Image is everything! You know that, living her, girl-best,” twanging so dare cute with her Alabama accent.
I giggle. “Yeah, I know that as you repeat and my Mama repeats, all the dang time.”

The hallway clock chimes. November 9th. Midnight. Saturday. “Happy birthday, Risa!” Cinta celebrates as her alarm clock announces the ping giving me a Teddy bear hug as we separate and I nod my skull, once in silence celebration since it’s very late at night for having one of the bestest friends in the entire world as she holds both my hands while I try to pull back then she leans her face into my nostrils whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I want you to do something silly on your birthday.”
“Okay, what silliness should we tackle later today after breakfast but it’s gotta be before the afternoon. Remember, my birthday party’s at three.”
“I want you to kiss Garth.” Cinta confesses with a baby’s breathe in my face, grinning with a wicked smile.
“What…kiss Garth?” I barely word when my tongue’s hanging from my lips like I’m a dead cat.
Cinta whispers the secret plan, grinning at me. “You wanna do something silly like….kiss a boy…on his lips…for the first time right, girl best? It’s midnight. We’re the only ones awake and you’re seventeen…only once…this is your moment, Risa? The timing is too perfect. Ya know! Your parents won’t know about it. Garth won’t know. My parents won’t know. We’ll be the only ones that share your deep dark secret…”
“What the heck moment are you talking about, Cinta?” I whisper parting my lips like a dying fish along with bull frog eyeballs and flip flopping tummy with a set of invisible butterflies while not being able to breathe and my palms sweat thinking of kissing a boy which is the opposite of me a girl as Cinta giggles like a girly twang then she forcefully drags both of my wrists to her side of the bed towards the mattress edge then Cinta steps her sole heels backwards upon the step stool dragging my bee_hindie with her and.
Cinta plots in her soft piano notes singing in my eyeballs. “This is brilliant. Ya get to kiss a boy and fulfill your wandering day dream fantasy then…(drops alto clarinet)….you can concentrate on your school work. Ya know…there’re lots better big boys in college which I plan to be at this time next year…”
“My day dreaming doesn’t wander, Cinta. This is totally weird. Garth’s your brother. You’re his sister. You’re my best friend. I’m your girl-best…”
“One, I ain’t kissing ya. We just finished that BFF discussion thread about thirty minutes ago and two, I don’t kiss my brother ever, and three, I kissed both Bobby Joe and Billy Jack. They’re better than brothers because they’re twins. There’s no diff between them since both are good lip smackers.”
“No.” I toot in flute music.
Cinta stomps to her open door for any invading aliens then swings at me. “Shh! Not so loud! This’ll be fun. I promise not to tell anyone. It’s our secret, girl best. Anyways, no one would believe this princess fairy tale. Look, I’m giving you permission. Does that make ya feel better? Little sister stamps her Grade ‘A’ approval to attack her brother.” Cinta pulls on me as we plow down the empty hallway and then she swings her face at me parking both her folded fists upon the waistband of her pajamas and sweet breathes into my face. “Do it or not?” She stares at me while I eye burn her face then I nod my skull, once leaning my jaw into her lips.
I whisper. “Do it!” Cinta smiles, holding her hand for me as I grab it. “Go girl!”
We huddle as one shadowing the right side of the wall like a pair of cockroaches trailing to Garth’s bedroom on the third floor at the end of the corridor which is on the opposite side of her single bedroom. The first level houses the kitchen, den, living room, recreational room and bedroom while the second floor houses only more bedrooms and the third floor is additional private sleeping quarters for her large family.
I whisper into her left eardrum. “Wonder if, he wakes up while I’m doing it…”
“Naw! Garth sleeps like a winter time’s hibernating bear through tooting rain, bass drum thunder, cymbals of lightning bolts along with a few deadly tornado warnings. We just tossed his bee_hind down into the basement for safety being his loving family. Nothing wakes him but Mama frying some fresh patties of hog sausage in the morning.” Cinta stops in front of the partial closed wood as I hold her left hand while both my palms are sweating with water and my heart thumps faster than speeding train since I am finally going to kiss a boy with my two lips for the first time while I smile so wide that my jaw might crack open. Cinta flips her left hand from both my sweaty paws, pushing with her ten finger pads on Garth’s private bedroom door open as I see with my eyeballs his head and upper chest.
Garth quietly lays like a beautiful slumbering prince along the dark-colored linen sheets wrapping around the bed mattress in the dim light from the three quarters moon peeking between the open curtains or maybe…I mentally just fulfilling my princess fairy tale with the opposite role play as I pad my left naked feet then my right naked feet then my left naked feet and slump my average height like the hump-back of Notre Dame over his bed. I neck snap my face behind my left collar bone at Cinta while she flops her right hand like a traffic cop for “go” then I slowly twist my face to the bed. I rapidly examine the prince who sleeps on his back muscles which is perfect for a secret stealing kiss with both his arms relaxed at the side of his body while his elbows to wrist rest on the folds of his loose bed sheet that covers him from his eleventh rib down to his toe bones. Too bad!
I’m an only child with elderly parents without any blood-related brothers or sisters or cousins including the absence of maternal and paternal grandparents as well making this adventure my first time seeing with my real eyeballs a male’s body up close and very personal where my hormones are lusting heavy. My heart is pounding out of my rib cage while my finger pads and toes bones are sweaty with excitement. My tummy flip flops with three dozens batches of invisible but harmless butterflies as I hope that I don’t vomit on Garth’s bed sheets.
His head displays perfectly a vertical formation from his smooth forehead to his hearted-shaped chin upon the dark-tinted pillow with his eyelids closed, a steady breathing pattern of air molecules, and his hair nicely parts on the left side of his skull while the right side bangs fall a little over his right eyebrow, cute-like as I silently sigh with affection, smiling. I shift my eyeballs to his chest naked without any T-shirt or pajama top while his rib cage slowly shifts up and down from his relaxed sleeping pattern as the moon light bathes his upper body and face in a glowing golden tan like a mythological Greek god from my World History textbook of photographed art museum colored slick glossy pictures. Then, I notice the small patch of chest hairs between his deltoids that shimmery in the moon light as I reach with my right hand to touch the curly-Q soft matter then I quickly jerk my right palm in front of my lips instead realizing that I’m wasting my precious time. I firmly blow air and test the sweetness of my mouth breath then quickly slam my right hand at my right leg since Garth looks deader than a fresh funeral corpse at the Actworth Funeral Home while I snigger like a sly weasel.
I move closer to the mattress as my kneecaps barely touch the soft bed sheets parallel with Garth’s sixth and seventh rib cage and gently place and distance a hand like an obtuse triangle shape which I learned from cute Beck supporting my torso and head while I slowly lower my upper torso over his chest like a newborn filly trying to stand and I slo mo lean my face deeper towards his chin then a strand of stray tail ends of my long hair brushes against my left elbow as I quickly jerk my torso upright away from Garth’s chest and breathe heavy. Too close! 
Cinta has secretly informed me. Garth sleeps well during nosily t-storms, but one single tiny mosquito aggravates farm’s stallion into running and acting crazy like a wild animal when bitten. Garth could easily awaken to a tender tickle from one of my many hair curls. I try a second time for stealing a precious kiss from the sleeping prince for my birthday present and lean both my torso and my face a little faster into Garth’s face as I hold my hair with my right hand in a ponytail while my left hand sinks into the soft mattress foam supporting my falling folding body.
I bend at my knees securing the lower part of my body like a ocean oil rig platform base while my kneecaps brace a little deeper into the soft bed mattress and hover my nostrils over Garth’s chin then scoot my face up where my lips are even with his lips which are slightly parted with no exposed teeth. Garth doesn’t snooze or snarl while slumbering as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right since that’s one flaw my Daddy possesses that Mama enjoys flaunting and taunting with him every morn, noon, and night at the Dinner table.
I slowly lower my parted lips over his golden flesh and hold my sweet breathe as my wider bottom lip tenderly touches the softness of his bottom flesh then my top lip covers his top flesh of warmth. I quickly close both my lips and close my eyelashes gently pressing them onto his lips recording inside my heart and mind the first memory of a forbidden kiss feeling the intense heat of our hot skin touch and experiencing the hardness of lip flesh like a rough cheap five-dollar cotton T-shirt purchased at the Grocery store as my girly teen hormones lust out of control.
I see.

Garth stands at the end of my boot toes as I lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass. I clearly see an upright position of Garth’s six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet T-shirt that clings to his board shoulders, muscular chest, and eight-pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes. He wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots. His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both my eye balls with a piercing yellowish-white light.
Garth’s sexy baritone trombone says. “Howdy, Risa. Ya wanna be mine my cowgirl, forever?”

I quickly jerk awake from my mental fantastic day dream opening my eyelashes wide seeing the dark wall wood panel in Garth’s bedroom as Cinta quickly drags me backwards from Garth’s mattress with her right hand over my open drooling mouth and her left arm around my breasts as we silently shuttle out Garth’s bedroom clearing the doorway and pacing backwards two feet from the wood into the empty hallway without making any additional noises that might awake the Warfield sleepers.
Cinta powerfully swings our bodies as one around like a professional waltz lead dancer to the opposite side of the hallway while padding our four naked feet to her bedroom as I breathe through my nostrils like a raging bull and she whispers into my left eardrum. “Sh! Mama might hear. Hot dangling, you almost fell on top of Garth’s face in your zombie freaking pose. I meant for ya just to tap his lips with a tiny touch kiss, not suck his tonsils out his esophagus. Geez, that must’ve been some kind of first kiss. I didn’t think Garth was that sexy of a male to the little cowgirls but he charmed ya in his sleep…”
“C…”
“Sh! Keep walking, not talking. Geez, my hand’s wet from your lip spittle. Gross, I hope I don’t vomit on my new rug.” We turn left and enter her semi-dark room as Cinta releases my body then rudely finger points at her bed frame and orders. “Now, ya got your seventeenth birthday present from me for being your bestest friend in the entire world. Time for bed! It’s late. And, don’t pee in my bed, Risa.” She shoves me backwards as I step my right foot towards the small step stool and twists my weak body around and direct points me at her private bathroom inside her bedroom and commands. “Better yet, go to the bathroom and pee and wash your dirty face. You’re sweating like a runaway horse for all your exploded teen hormones…(giggles)….I do that, too and…it gets better but that’s another birthday present.”
I limp my right foot then my left foot then my right foot onto the cold tile that paints in yellow, slowly shutting the door but not quite closing it completely into the wood as I move my body and stand in front of the single porcelain yellow sink as I view my face in the mirror. I’m average height at five feet and eight inches with a slightly sexy body made up of a pair of bouncing perky 34B cups and more shapely leg length than a narrow waist all surrounded by tons of bronzy tone skin color from the hot sun that I inherited from my Irish Grandmother along with waist-length naturally wavy auburn hair color highlighted by million of golden strands that forces the hair color into a light golden brown which is tainted by the sun making me look like a bronze statue Greek goddess from Ancient Rome. My body composition is a funny combo of one single skin and hair tone but works perfectly for living in a semi-tropical hot eastern part of South Alabama where the sun shines more than it rains and the farm work never quits until the moon light quiets the wild animals in the woodlands then all the mammals get to sleep.
I studiously stare at my red inflamed face that covers both with strawberry red of friend embarrassment and pure wet sweat of teen lust as I slowly jerk open the side cabinet for a clean washcloth then nosily run the cold water from the sink facet sliding the cloth under the tap then lowering my torso towards the sink and drowning my face in the cool sweet liquid. I silently count one…two…three…and remove the cloth jerking my face to the mirror which does appears a little closer to my natural bronze beauty-goddess then the red warrior-Indian as my feelings bombard my mind and my heart in four different directions. My heart thumps out an odd rhythm as it slows down into a normal steady beat while I inhale through my nose and exhale out my mouth like taught when learning to sprint around the baseball diamond of Health Class in Sixth Grade which calms the mind and controls the heart but my hands and legs are still shaky with the thrill of excitement and the success of the dare. I should be mad and angry at Cinta for gloating me with the challenge which I half-way expected my person to chicken shit out of but didn’t as I relive the stolen kiss from sexy Garth’s lips while I giggle with a girly twang.
The stolen kiss was more rough then smooth as I always pictured that cuddle moment when you see in a romantic teen Hollywood film a kiss shared by two lovers are both sweet and soft but Garth’s lips were a little wind chapped and the touch of his flesh was hot…almost sizzling my lips with our hot lustful passionate as I giggle with another girly twang.
I hear the knock. I truck to the bathroom door seeing Cinta’s bull-froggy eyeballs and her wiggling snake-like finger pads in the air near her distorted face without any vocal commands to my eardrums as I nod my skull, once in silence then quickly pad out the bathroom on naked toes and climb up with palms and toes on the step ladder and park my bee_hind into her bed while Cinta cuts off the night stand lamp of light. I don’t feel tired but excited with my short performance as I watch the fairy angels play hockey with the dust bunnies in the moon light near the exposed window glass thinking about lots of neat topics. That Garth’s cute and sexy but he is Cinta’s brother as I slowly twist my face toward Cinta while she lays on her left side and all’s I see is the bed covers hiding her collar bone and her messy blonde hair pondering that she betta not tell a freaking soul about my girly performance then I turn my face forward and stare at the wall intersection of the popcorn ceiling as the moon rays bounce and reflect like a set of car headlights dancing around the whiteness. I ponder that Billy Jack is cute and sexy, too and he likes me via Cinta but Cinta is my girl-best, like a guy-pal, since we have been friends from our introduction at four years old, the year I collided with Beck Actworth.
I feel restless and flip my body towards the wallpaper seeing more spot lights rumba around randomly hitting or missing the fixed flower baskets as I ponder that Cinta, Billy Jack and the other Seniors are totally mean for playing the upcoming hokes on Beck and I don’t want to be a part of that nasty act as I wonder what I can do about it. I close my eyelashes, drifting my tired mind and body into sleep.

Cinta’s bedroom. 9:02am. “Get up, lazy bones. The sun’s been hollering at ya since six.” Cinta whispers in my left eardrum bouncing her knees on the bed as it shakes me and the mattress since I didn’t move a tissue muscle after closing my eyelashes last night after that stolen kiss then I flip my body upon my back muscles and stare at the lavender chiffon that forms her soft canopy cover rubbing the crappy sleeping crumbs out of both of my eye sockets.
“Cinta, I had this great awesome dream of…,” tattling from my refreshed and recalled awesome dream.
Cinta smiles. “Your parents are here, eating breakfast…”
I jerk upon my elbows upright advancing my face into Cinta’s nostrils. “Mama and Daddy are here…both of them…” Cinta nods as I scoot my bee_hind across the bed sideways and land on my naked feet storming to my suitcase, dropping my pajamas shorts in exchange for my skinny blue jeans and donning the ‘Burn U’ hooded sweatshirt over my skull while combing my long hair with my ten finger pads as I search with eyeballs for my cowgirl boots. I pull the white dirty socks from the inside sliding over my narrow bones while Cinta rearranges my personal clothes in a more neater folding order inside the suitcase so the ends will close properly and.
Cinta updates. “Yeah! Your Daddy pulled up a chair and dig into the food. I guess he likes my Mama’s cooking.”
“Your Mama’s a good cook. I don’t understand why both my parents are here and eating breakfast with your family…”
“Thanks for the compliment of Mama’s cooking since her sons seem to forget she’s a mother, first and a maid, second. Why ya so surprised, Risa? It’s your birthday…ya know…the day of your birth on Planet Earth.” Cinta closes the hard suitcase that my Mama used when she was six years old as a child then gave to me to carry on my personal away visits with my friends from my house.
I word. “O! Yeah. Today is that day. That makes perfect sense, since I didn’t see them yesterday or this morning.” Cinta hands the suitcase then swings towards the door. I want to tattle tail about my awesome dream and the words that Garth spoke into my mind and start. “Last night…”
Cinta views me, jerking her index finger over her lips. “Not here, not now, Risa. Call me, later…”  I nod my skull, once in silence and I follow the leader as we truck down three flights of steps one-at-time through the Family Room into the hallway and round to the right into the Breakfast Room as I silently pause in the archway seeing the entire Warfield clan around the square Maple table. DNA molecules are amusing since my brain cells can’t comprehend the medical explanation but each Warfield son looks like their Daddy with tallness with big broad shoulders for working the farm equipment and hay bales and a set of short cropped locks of blonde hair minus the heated sweat over their golden tanned bodies with Emerald green pupils while Cinta is an exact version of her healthy Mama.
I shift my eyeballs to my parents squeezed between the clan in the middle of the long table as Mama possess light brown hair roots that always tied in a tight Grandma’s bun at the nape of her neck as I favor her DNA facial features with my cute button nose and a pair of big doe eye sockets on an oval face like her’s along with our matching light brown pupils but she looks so much old and worn than Annabelle in both her face and body with her wrinkled and deeply sun tanned face showing no glow of happiness more like an overcast of death while her lips sip slowly on the white mug of coffee instead of choking down some fresh fruit juice for a healthy cause and her un-manicured ratty finger nails covers the warm China tea cup. Mama is also almost four years younger than Annabelle Warfield but farm life isn’t easy but Daddy always seems to laughs with an easy smile and a soft spoken tenor timbre displaying his years of hard times on the farm wearing his wrinkles around his light brown eyes mostly as his light brown whiskers covers his lips and chin that matches his light brown hair.
The Kitchen has two sections one part makes up of the cooking and baking piece which houses an unique two stove top ovens and four microwaves along with forty separate cabinets storing pans, pots, dishes, and food items since the Warfield household contains Anne belle and her husband JD, their biological sons known as Shelby, Logan, Owen, Baxter, Gordon, and Weston along with their nice and polite married wives plus baby brother Garth, and the baby sister Cinta. Eyeballs stare at me from the second section of the kitchen called a Breakfast Room, where a long square table sniggles between three walls filled with clean horizontal glass walls for viewing the miles of bright green and yellow cow pasture land over the flat pancake landscape below the wooden tables of numerous potted flowering plants that breed from bright kitchen sunlight and daily tap water while Daddy greets with a smile and.
My Daddy sings in his tenor saxophone. “Happy Birthday, Risa.” Then the echo rotates around the table in musical tones of baritone trombone, alto clarinet, flute soprano…(that’s my Mama)…and a few bass drum timbres as I nod at each sibling and brightly smile like a princess and softly wave like a beauty queen as the room quiets then Daddy stands on his five feet and ten inches, scooting his chair from the table and wiping his face and hands with the napkin. “Thanks for the grub, Annabelle. You’re a great cook. Let’s go home, Risa. We have lots to do before your birthday party. Don’t forget ya’ll her party and treats start at four.”
“You’re welcome, J.D.  Please stop by more often, we always have more then enough food while I feed a stall of stallions. And we’ll be there at four as planned.” Daddy gentlemanly pulls Mama’s chair from the Breakfast table as I witness his tenderly movements then see Mama quickly drop the right side of her body lower than the left as I shift from the doorway. But, Daddy wrangles her from behind, turning his body as a crutch for her to stand and to walk around the table and.
My Daddy orders. “Ya got your suitcase, Risa. I need for ya to drive us home.”
“Mama…,” slightly whimper in my soft piano, seeing. My Mama limps with a new white colored leg cast from her kneecap to the end of the five toe bones.
Daddy says. “Your Mama got stomped on the shin by that bull we toted to Montgomery, yesterday. She’s fine just needs to be off her feet for about eight weeks or so. Get the car, Risa, please and move it near the front door so Mama doesn’t have to walk so far.”
“Yes, sir.” I turn about and face the hallway while Cinta jogs with me.
She nods. “Your Mama’s okay. Bones heal really fast, Risa. Your Daddy was talking about the incident, before I was sent to raise ya from the dead. They want to the Emergency Room, yesterday and don’t want to alarm ya. That’s nice, they care so much about your feelings.”
“Sent to raise ya from the dead? How long? Never mind about that.” I switch mental gears and confess with both fear and sadness. “I feel so bad. I should’ve missed the football game and traveled with them to Montgomery. Ya know. I can handle that mean old bull a lot better than Mama.”
Cinta frowns. “No! You can’t Risa. Your Mama’s a true cow rancher with years and years of farm experience. That’s why your Daddy leaves you home, ya’ll just be in the way and then your Mama could really get hurt.”
“I guess.”
“I know. Look! You need to help out at your house. Do whatever your Mama wants? Fetch her food, water, drinks…anything. That’ll make her feel both loved and happy.”
“Okay. Thanks for the advice, Cinta.” I jerk open the passenger door of the pick-up truck, tossing on the bench seat my small hard overnight suitcase then shut the door. I walk around the front bumper, climbing with both my hands and boot toes into the driver’s seat of the cab truck, cranking the engine while Cinta swings around, pathing back into the house.
I shift the gear into “D” and ease the vehicle to the front step of the house while Daddy cuddles Mama who looks to be in great pain on her distorted face standing between Annabelle and J.D. Warfield. Mr. Warfield trots down the front steps, opening the rear door as Daddy lifts Mama easing her down the front steps then sorta totes her along the gravel as he hands her off to Mr. Warfield. Then, Mr. Warfield lifts at her waist, helping her into the rear bench seat as I watch with sadness and pain as my Mama struggles with the climb, the seat and her casted foot. Then, I hear the door nosily shut while Daddy scoots and rattles the rear seat and move besides Mama and.
Daddy orders. “Home, Risa. But drive really slow okay. The drug medication Mama’s taking doesn’t agree with her delicate stomach.”
“Yes, sir.” I obey and slide the parking stick into “P” while the big heavy pick-up truck starts moving by itself since it’s a working truck for hauling three African elephants in the truck bed as I softly press the gas pedal slowly pathing down the private drive of the Warfield Manor….that’s house, ya’ll. I turn to the left at the end of the driveway and steer down Pine Street towards the intersection of Maple Road where Davy Ray’s lives with his family at a snail-like pace of 15 MPH. At this road speed I’m made it home for my eighteenth birthday as I giggle with a girly twang.
Daddy instructs from the rear bench. “I gots the farm hands pulling the pork meat from the roasted pigs along with them boiling the corn-on-the-cob while the women folk made the potato salad and some of the younger males are trying their first task at baking beans which is real easy…(chuckles)…the ponies are eating. The bouncy house is floating upright for the time being…”
As far as my memory cells can process which is around four years old I clearly remember one of my earliest birthday parties that is always housed inside the biggest barn on our property since the interior floor is used to storage fresh green hay and tons of oats for the horses and grains of wheat for the crops, not the smelly old horse crap left by the stallions. The outer raw wood paints in white, not red to reflect the hot sunlight while the surrounding grass is composed of light brown soil and white sand since we’re so close to the Florida state line which is about twenty miles north of the Gulf of Mexico warm waters so the local soil gets mixed with white sugar-colored sand that grows outstanding crops of soybeans, peanuts, and wheat. The landscape is flat for miles, not like in the central part of Alabama where the edge of the Appalachian mountains kiss the green grasslands with peak levels as high as 600 feet on the some of the mountain tops or the rolling hill tops in northern Alabama.
The interior barn is an array of two by four staves of various colored wood from beige to tan to light brown from a variety of local tree barks of Oak, Pine, Maple and Elm depending upon the wood available as the barn grew wide enough to house two full sized plow tractors or eight horse stalls or three/fourths of a football field that accommodates our 150 field hands including their spouses and children for my annual Birthday Gala. The barn has a second level called a “loft” but no one ventures up their at least not the human kind since it houses a private active den of great big Wolf spiders…if you haven’t seen one then look it up on the Net. It’ll make a tarantula shit in its own spider web. Yee-haw.
Starting the party at three in the afternoon, Daddy provides kiddie pony rides, hay wagon rides, a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids of the farm workers and for the pre-teens there are bow and arrow fun and a long horse trail lead by the responsible teens as well as serving folks with tons of fresh pork BBQ, thousands of gallons of baked beans, hundreds of corn-on-the-cobs, big containers of fresh sliced potato salad, oceans of sweet tea, and batches of freshly home-baked rainbow-colored sprinkled cupcakes that’s really for the younger kids then at precisely five all the children go home to watch TV or to sleep as the party entertains the adults with a Hoe Down….(that’s dancing for ya’ll rednecks)…with real musicians picking on banjos and plunking on fiddles. 
I turn off Pine Road heading down our private resident road where our farm stands at the big dead end of the paved asphalt while Daddy continues to list all the necessary work items to complete before the three pm deadline “…so, that leaves us with stapling the balloons and streamers along the entrance and exit doorways and ceiling planks which usually Mama does for your birthday party….”
I say as birthday girl. “We should cancel some of the activities, Daddy.”
“No.” Mama shouts in her new piccolo music from the rear bench as I purse my lips, ugly thinking Mama needs to rest her weak body, not be limping around a hard dirt flooring in a cold damp barn until eleven o’clock tonight.
“Then, how about we nix the balloons and streamers…” I dump.
Mama overrules me. “No, Risa. All this is for you…this is your birthday party that we celebrate each year. I want you to look back when you’re old and gray and remember that your birthday was a very special event that can’t be repeated or replace.”
“Yes, ma’am.” I totally disagree since I’m seventeen years old with other new interests like maybe collecting a conscious kiss from Garth tonight since I’m the birthday girl as I grin with a wicked smile rather then tie balloon rubber to the thousands of protruded nail heads that Daddy whacked with his hammer along the barn wood when I was four years old since Mama has done that job for me I guess for sixteen years. I suspect my first birthday party wasn’t so country, ya’ll as I giggle with a girly twang and pull the truck towards the three-car garage.
Daddy proclaims. “Backup, sweetheart and stop the truck in front of the porch door, so’s I can help Mama into the house.”
“Yeah, okay, sorry about that.” I correct thinking I should be worried more about Mama than day dreaming about another stolen kiss from Garth as I stop the truck and kill the engine since I am definitely not thinking in my right state of mind and jump, kitten-like out the driver’s seat. I trot around the rear bumper upon seeing our house staff while one male holds the truck door for Mama’s advancement out the truck with Daddy’s assistant and a second man stands and waits at the seven steps of brick stairs for Mama’s limping and a third male properly opens and guards the set of double doors for entrance into our big house for Mama’s grand entrance as I stand by the side and watch.
 I totally forget about the hired house staff people since I don’t see their faces before school classes or after my school session because I drive my Mustang sports car to the school parking lot as they arrive at our house but Mama employs the house staff for cleaning and cooking duties at our house to help feed and serve all the different workers and their families while Mama really enjoys her husbandry…(that’s babying the animals, ya’ll)…duties more than her domestic…(that’s housekeeping the house, ya’ll)….ones as I snort with like a wild boar.
I find that I like…naw…love driving my car and getting kissed since I don’t think about more than that or my un-finished homework being the day of my birth as I giggle with a girly twang while I follow Mama and Daddy into the house as Mama slowly sits upon the bright red sofa holding her arms around her stomach since she doesn’t feel well. Daddy swings his body around and gently grabs my arm, pulling me through the kitchen which leads to the side patio as we hit the bright sunshine on the quiet terrace. Daddy cuddles me in his arms, pecking my forehead like he always does since I was a child and smiles at me and softly instructs. “I, too, offered to ditch some of the activities at your party since Mama hurts…but she disagreed with me. And, I love your Mama, Risa. And, I love you, baby.” He hugs my shoulders than pulls back his body and faces me with a smile. “I’m glad you volunteered the same notion of canceling some of the party events along with the tacky balloon display…(chuckles)….but Mama wants you to remember your very special day. You’re our little angel that we love more than our lives so your day is very important to Mama.” Daddy pauses for drama for me to agree and.
I sing in my flute music. “Yes, sir.”
“Soo….Mama feels badly that she can’t decorate the barn but she has assigned all the tasks to our farm staff. I guess…you noticed the busy beavers working around the house…” I nod my skull, once in silence since I learned as a child to never interrupt your elders or your Daddy until he asks a question from you as he continues to lecture to me. “…and if you ventured out towards the barn there’s a team of busy little bees out there per Mama’s orders. She has decided that you’re exempt from any party decorations…” I silently cheer inside my head so I can waste my precious time by calling and chatting with Cinta about my stolen kiss from Garth and tattling about that weird sensation within my brain cells until she arrives for the Hoe Down at four then Daddy proclaims. “But…I need for ya to hay the horses out in the pastures. That’s Mama’s job but she can’t go and she would send Hutch but he’s busy decorating for your party. I just don’t want Mama worried about her horses when she has too much to worry about, okay, pumpkin. Do this for me?” Daddy hugs my shoulders, again then pecks my forehead as I wiggle lose from his bug hug and smile daughterly at him.
“I do this for you and Mama. I’ll be quick then return to get dressed for my party like a good birthday kid. Mama won’t suspect a thing. I’m good at keeping secrets…” I grin and giggle with my first dark secret as Daddy screws his eyebrows, ugly staring studiously at me.
Daddy inquires with his tomcat curiosity. “What other secrets are you keeping from me and Mama, Risa?” I shake my skull side to side with a set of dead pan straight lips.
I lie honestly. “No other secrets, Daddy. I promise.” He smiles and shoves his body from my face and nods his skull in silence as I whip my body around numbing my brain cells of any mental thoughts just in case Daddy can read a teenager’s mind like some of parents can and quickly path on my cowgirls boots to the old rusty painted turquoise and white-colored pickup truck in front of the real working barn about 200 feet from the patio that holds all the pregnancy mares that eat all day long and sleep during the night as their little folds grow inside their tummies.
I jump, kitten-like upon the tail gate of the old 1950’s truck that’s been in the Patillo family longer than some of the well-nourished shit weeds around the septic tank as I toss back the cloth tarp and double-check visually for eight bales of 100 pounds of yellow hay to feed the horses. I don’t have to pitch the hay from the truck bed just kick it with my boot over the tail gate into the grassy field so the horses can snack during the night time for added strength of their morning chores the next day. I jerk the cloth back over the right number of bales then crawl down the tail gate and stomp around to the driver’s seat then double-check for at least a half-a-tank of gas as the gauge shows there’s three/fourths of a tank of gasoline. I don the work gloves over my manicured baby blue nails before touching the steering column since it holds permanently stains of dried engine oil, particles of fossilized seed grain, and sometimes an odor of gas since the workers use their naked hands performing farm chores. I crank the engine that holds the single key since no one would ever steal this thing but I can wish so Daddy would buy one of the cute ATV vehicles then I would hay both the horses and cows right after school until sundown as I giggle with a girly twang.
The truck moves slowly than a snail around the flat hard soil since Daddy and a couple of his best machine mechanics re-designed the engine so that it only putt-putts on land and drowns in water so I don’t run the tires though any mud puddles deeply than my ankle bones but that’s not my destination since the horse are in the south pasture while I follow the well-worn two sets of tire tracks permanently carved into the hard dirt towards the horses.
It’s 10:02 am…already…so time does fly when you’re working too hard as I giggle with a girly twang and my stomach rumbles with hunger while I fling my right arm over to the closed cooler container that houses bunches of dry snacks and lots of hot sodas for the farm workers and grab a single power bar and a hot dark soda not really caring at the moment. Once, I finish my assigned chore which will work off the calories, I’ll prance back home, bath my stinky sweat, and lunch with Mama, trying to make her feel better about…everything.
I eat the power bar that covers in hard coated chocolate on the outside with tons of peanuts, rice chunks, and a gooey sticky brown stuffing in the middle in three bites then suck down the soda in four slurps as I stomp on the brake pedal hard while the truck slowly halts and finally rolls to a stop parking the gear into “P” as I stare at an empty corral of no horses only chewed down grasslets and mowed weeds and words softly. “Mama moved the horses. That’s why she wanted to perform the chore…herself. Fiddlesticks!” I fling the work gloves off my hands onto the bench seat, jerking the driver’s door handle of the truck and stand upright outside along the open door in the bright sunny day of my birthday as I dig deep into my blue jeans for my cell then thumb-text Daddy.
Where are horses.
Daddy texts back. North. West. Psture.
Thanks pa. I text back with my shorter name for Daddy. He doesn’t like reading the texts from me, only for me doing my short farm work. I stomp a cowgirl boot like I have stepped in an old pile of horse shit. Because, I just did.
I slowly pace my body backwards wiping the smelly crap off the sole of my right boot before I enter the rough and old cloth matting on the floor inside the truck since I’ll get a new lecture from Mama on farm equipment cleanliness.
“Fiddlesticks!” I proclaim in flute music, climbing into the truck seat and twisting the non-powered steering column around in a big wide circle pathing back down the two tracks of hard soil towards the water pump house then hang a right towards the northwest field. I should’ve recalled that we move the herd of geldings and stallions into the north pasture since Mama does that maneuver every single year around my birthday.
I just forgot like the time I forgot to check the correct numbered bales of hay…a couple of months ago when I assumed that there were eight and it was only four then I had to truck the vehicle all the way back to the barn for four more bales to find the hungry stallions which wasted a total of three hours of my precious teen time. Then, I forgot to check the gas tank because the gauge showed less than one-fourth of a tank in the old truck as I was assigned to feed the horses for Mama on a different occasion during the summer time when it was hotter than hell and I ran out of the gas cranking the air conditioner up to the max while I sweated my weight in water and calories under a grove of not-helpful-shade-trees waiting for Daddy to rescue me which he did but after all his farm chores where done as I giggle with a girly twang at my mistakes…naw…mis-happenings.
I flash back to last night when Cinta made a big deal that Garth had to defend my dang honor with Beck.
Beck was actually very kind with the ticked phrase a “silly cowgirl” and should’ve say a “dumb cowgirl” which he had quoted numerous things that cute phrase in my pretty face during our summer time rendezvous as I giggle with delight at the recall memory.

Four months ago. Ya’ll see…after I blew my final Geometry test for the last six-weeks of Apollo High School with a total accumulated score of 35 points out of a possible 100…(that’s an “F,” ya’ll)… my worried parents hired a personal tutor just to get me passed out of the 11th Grade which makes me wonder why I’m trying my left hand since I’m dominate righty at that College atmosphere thingy as I giggle with a girly twang. I originally hired Cinta for the tutoring job but she spent the summer nights with Bobby Joe and her summer days sleeping late while her summer elective included splashing her bikini covered breasts and bee_hind into the cool Apollo River that runs off the Alabama soil straight down through the State of Florida right into the Gulf of Mexico but Cinta had more fun with Bobby Joe fishin’, boatin’, and funnin’ while I stayed, struggled, and studied since I wasn’t exactly in a summer school program but I had to absolutely re-take the Geometry course again or receive an “F++” and fail the eleventh grade of High School with a big red-faced embarrassment.
When I wasn’t progressing at my proper pace my parents overruled me and hired bookworm Beck Actworth to privately tutor me inside my house in the Living Room section while Mama protectively watched over us which wasn’t necessary but she did and I learned a lot more about Geometry and a little more about Beck.
Beck is the baby brother of all brother siblings who’s age range from 32 years to 17 years which is one child two years and they all work in the family funeral home business as well as some other side interests in the local hospital, the local bank, and the local law firm that keeps his family busy around Apollo, Alabama. He’ll graduate with me, planning to attend Burn U as a medical researcher in the field of neurosurgery since he rides in a wheelchair all day long as we chatted lightly between snack time breaks. He doesn’t talk about his medical condition that he contracted at the age of four when he continued trip and fall over his big toes in school then one day magically he’s wheeled into the Pre-K in a rolling chair and wearing a pair of eyeglasses.

First Grade. At first, we, little cowgirls and cowboys, entertained Beck making him laugh and giggle with all of us having a good time and fun moments. But day after day the fun worn down to dull and boring daily chore duty like making your bed cover straight and over the pillow when you’re just going to climb back into the bed later that night so why bother. Right?
Then some kid had to open the door, holding it for Beck. Then some kid had to close the door, waiting for Beck and then some kid had to tote his lunch plate, bultering…(that’s toting the plate in your hands like a servant)…for Beck. All the kid took their turns with their assigned Beck-duty but after a few weeks all the kids didn’t like it making all the kid not like Beck duty and not like Beck person which was mean in a way but that’s the down low of what happened in Apollo Elementary School.

Summertime. Beck doesn’t allow this physical handicap to bother him since he always smiles then and now and is the happiest person on Planet Earth always grinning, chuckling, and telling silly jokes while free wheeling his chair inside the empty hallway along with being the smartest kid in the entire school in every single academic subject matter. Beck is very nice, friendly, and sweet to dummy me for not getting the Geometry angles right on the third time as he leans across the wiggling upright cheap card playing table and gingerly touches my hand with his warm five finger pads for support and encouragement then he would repeat in a sexy bass drum while pushing up his drooping eye frames on his nostrils. “Silly cowgirl, an isosceles triangle doesn’t have any equal sides.” After re-doing all the homework assignments, re-working all the problems, and re-submitting the new lessons to the High School, I receive a letter grade of “D” which is total passing for my parents who coo and ooh with parental pride.

Present. I putt-putt over the dirt terrain to the top of the high grassy plateau and stop the truck then grab the binoculars from the dashboard looking for the dang horses since the feeding range goes for one mile northeast and two miles south from my parked truck position and quickly spot them in an oval-type pattern huddle. “Yee-haw!” I rebel whisper then climb my bee_hind back into the truck seat, slowly driving down the steep hill.
I hug the brakes going slo mo down the hill parking the truck near the first group of horses, jump, kitten-like out the truck and climb with gloves and boot toes onto the tail gate then kick the snot of the first hay bale as it grunts in silent and whips out the tail end of the truck onto the green grass while the horses lift their faces and stare at me then stare at the hay then patiently wait for me to leave.
I jerk the gear into “D” drive to the semi-group another set of horses, get out the truck, climb onto the tail gate and push the hay onto the lip then kick the snot out of the rectangular organic box as it slowly slips off with a little help of earth’s gravity in the green grass while I repeat this manual exercise six more freaking times until the truck bed is empty. Then for my outlaw fun after I slo poke shuttle safely away from the horses for safety half way up the second hill I quickly gun the gas pedal down to the floor while the old engine kicks into overdrive riding the truck like a snow mobile on pretend snow that colors in puke green instead of pure white while cleaning brilliantly the loose strands of hay and grain seedlings out the truck bed and over the horse field without Daddy’s permission, of course. I find that my new innovative method is a swifter way to empty the truck bed then sweeping it out manually with a hard stick broom once I’m required to store the truck back into the barn. The truck and I sail like a sick seagull slow and low up the third hill turning to the north driving under the grove of cool Oak shade trees cooling the feisty engine before I putt-putt her home for its afternoon slumber, stopping the motor, slapping my gloves on the steering wheel, cooing to both me and the truck softly. “Good job, baby girl!” I giggle with delight as I jerk the door handle, sliding out of the hot leather seat then stand beside the truck looking for a last time at the horses because Mama is going to ask me if they are eating or sleeping or shitting in the field.
I can see them but I remove the binoculars blinding my eyeballs into the sunlight squinting at the roof top of the old truck pondering the better bird’s eye view since one of the stallions that I can’t see is Mama’s favorite fellow next to Daddy, of course. Mama will specifically asked if I eye spied Buster eats his hay or busts his two hoofs in some other horse’s muzzle so I lay the binoculars on the tool box and climb with two hands and two boot toes over the short truck railing and bounce like a rubber ball into the truck bed. Then I grab the binoculars searching for Buster not seeing Buster so I twist towards the tool box and climb to the next level while sitting my bee_hind on the roof top as my boots support on the tool box my seated position noting that Buster eats quietly by his lonesome self on a single bale of hay so I can report to Mama.
I gently plop my skull and back muscles along the warm roof top of the truck viewing the baby blue sky with the binoculars which only look more like a bigger block of bright baby blue as a tip of a white cloud passes within the lens which only looks like a great big tip of a white cloud since the binoculars aren’t telescopes to scope out the bright stars and moons of the night looking for aliens as I snort like a wild boar since I’m bored without anything to do but wait on my more boring Birthday Party which starts at three for two hours with the children then at six with the dancing and then ends at nine for sleeping. Because tomorrow is church and Heaven help me if I miss one dang day of church service which is more boring then my upcoming Birthday Party. “I need another life.” I moan with pity for my poor sweet soul.
I drop my chin following my eyeballs with the enlarged two lens of the powerful binoculars focusing on the embedded bird nest that lounges between the secure brown bark of the high Oak tree that doesn’t hold any birds then shift the lens to the left seeing the wide very good camouflaged light brown threads that shimmery like US gold minted bars that contrasts with the natural dark brown tree trunk that IDs the tree trunk spider…(yeah, that’s the real name, ya’ll).
A tree trunk spider is a member of the tropical or semi-tropical Family Hersiliidae popular in south Alabama in and around Apollo, Alabama…(where I live). There are 150 species in this family which displays two very prominent and very light golden spinnerets on their buttholes that makes them known as a “two-tailed spider” which hide their golden shiny exo-skeleton body in plain eyeball sight waiting patiently for their prey then rapidly shoot their silky webbing like a shotgun barrel into the san IDed prey casting a silk rope and circling around and around its dinner just like steer roping. Yee-haw! Then, they bite and suck the blood through the funeral shroud for their daily meal. Gross!
A good cowgirl knows her spiders and snakes, so she doesn’t die. I giggle silly betting that the tree trunk spider supped good on the entire family of blue swallows that once occupied that well-built but empty bird nest. I shift back the binoculars to the right spotting a pair of flying squirrels between the pine trees having hang-gliding fun in the slight breeze. I flip over on my stomach as my skull faces the geographical direction of north instantly seeing the heavy vines of Spanish moss crawling and killing the tree bark of old Oak trees near the horse path, mentally noting to tell Daddy. Spanish Moss grows rapidly winter or summer. He can cut down the tree to provide the deadly spread.
I hear with both eardrums the tiny litter of piglets squeaking before I see the bright silver stars as I whip my chin downwards with the binoculars temporally attached to my eyeballs focusing on the stars that are really formed flying silver streaks of metal from our neighbors next door at the Actworth Mansion….naw…Castle. I see lots and lots of silver reamed black-tired wheelchairs as the brothers play a sporting game of court basketball outside in the warm rays with each other while I spy seductively.
Beck gracefully swirls in a circle inside his chair bouncing the single basketball with his right hand then swiftly pitches it to his left arm pawing it between palms from his brother’s arm span who rides in a different style of wheelchair then flings the basketball to his third brother inside a third wheelchair then I slowly drop the binoculars from eyeballs. I remember that all of Beck’s brothers travel around in wheelchairs since they all have contracted the same medical condition that causes muscle loss in their legs and feet as my heart sinks like the Atlantic Ocean Liner into the Arctic Water with my sad mental thoughts that robs an entire biological family of walking, skipping, running, hopping then I numb my brain cells.
I return the binoculars to my naked eyeballs and quietly spy some more as the brothers cheer and shout at each other in a format of two sets of competitive teams with white tank tops versus red tank tops over their upper body that covers their chest and exposes their arm muscle and necks as each are tucked into their wheelchairs showing a set of black shorts, socks, and sneakers over their non-functioning feet.
Beck doesn’t participate in any of the local sporting events at Apollo High School simply because Apollo, Alabama is a very small farm town with about 1,000 folks that live, work, and play around an eight mile wide by a three mile long geographical city limit marker. The school doesn’t have extra money for fancy school textbooks, such as Physics or Calculus along with any addition highly prized High School instructors, much less exceptional sporting activities that supports male or females with physical handicaps. I feel really sad with my jumbled emotions for a second time.
I do note that Beck has a nice set of sculptured muscles along his triceps and nice deltoids hugging out of his tight sleeveless tank top as I smile with delight and his legs are nicely muscular but that’ll fade over his mature adult years as he grows older and can’t work the lean fit teenage tissues. He doesn’t tan much appearing with a glowing peachy-rose complexion that accentuates his black silky hair while I always enjoyed smelling his cologne of leather and tangy fruity this past summer.
Mr. Actworth rolls first from the open set of triple-wide double patio doors then follows by Mrs. Actworth since their wheelchairs are electric while Beck’s chair is a manual transport since he told me that the constant movement keeps his biceps tight and taunt as I spent the entire summer spying on these tight and taunt arms as I giggle with a girly twang with the fond recall memory.
Beck spins his chair to the left slamming his wheel into Cox the eldest brother who’s a lawyer by trade and profession and likes to wear a goatee in his face and red framed eyeglasses over his eyeballs while the next older brother Perry wears a full beard up to his nostrils and down to his throat with a set of blue framed eye glasses where Barton has a set of black brushy sideburns that clashes with his set of orange framed eyeglasses so it seems that each brother might be physical handicapped in a wheelchair but their facial hair is matted in a distinguishing format for easy identification since they all possess a healthy complexion of peachy-rose skin tone and black hair and colored eye frames.
Beck shows off by stealing the ball from Perry then hands off to Barton as Barton drills it down the smooth concrete slab then rears both his arms and shoots it sails like a dove and rings perfectly around the orange metal dipping down between the white netting which stands at six feet in height rather than the regulation of ten feet for an average upright basketball High Schooler. Cox tosses the ball to Perry who dribbles with his left hand on the concrete then slams his right arm rest into Beck’s wheelchair on the left as Beck laughs as the ball bounces in the opposite direction but Barton snatches it wheeling with his right hand the tire for the next point as he cuddles the ball like a baby inside his lap and wheels with both hands on the tires rushing to the opposite of the hoop netting then pitches the ball for the extra points as Beck yells echoing up to the heavens and down to hell and over to me. “Cheat, cheat, eat my feet, cheaturd.”
The brothers hoot and toot like barn owls that silly slogan as I continue to spy and clearly hear the taunt echo across the open plains of the rolling pasture lands that connect our two farms and giggle silly. “Cheat, cheat, eat my feet, cheaturd.” Then the high-five slaps collide air-borne against their manly bones along with a set of loud animal sniggers like a den of hiding foxes.
I expand my viewing range and see that the ladies are setting up the twin picnic tables loaded down with many bowls of food and lots of plates of emptiness while the boys wrap up their competitive basketball game then Cox rolls his electric chair around from the dark side of the house with a hose pipe leaking a steady flow of water between his ten finger pads spraying down the stinky crew. The boys giggle like a flock of farm turkeys each taking their turn removing their eye gear then raising both their arms high into the air as the water hits each a naked hairy armpit then a sweaty T-shirt, and finally moves down washing folded at kneecaps the legs inside the chair along with wetting their pair of black sneakers. Beck drives his personal carriage in front of the made-shift water fountain for his splashing fun as he lifts with two hands and two arm muscles straining into my bird’s eye view his rippled taunt biceps up righting his upper body from the seat while his collar bone rises clearly above the metal back rest then he shuffles both his feet forward and out of chair pedals then stands sorta upright like a healthy teenage as I mouth drops open like a hunger shark while Cox sprays the water starting low at Beck’s sneakers, socked ankles, socked shins, naked kneecaps, clothed hips, clothed waist, T-shirt, exposed neck then hits the water into Beck’s smiling face but Beck stands soldierly accepting the water’s punishment while his brothers clap like sea lions their hands at Beck’s amazing super-human strength when Mr. Actworth drives his wheelchair from the same dark side of the house tossing white towels at each son as they laugh like African hyenas drying their wet skin and soggy clothes in the hot sun. 
They finish their sunbathing and toss the towel across the back of their wheelchair for drying then roll one-at-a-time along the smooth beige concrete to the oval-shaped picnic table parking a chair under the expanded wood as they sorta quiet down then Mr. Actworth talks slowly and chins whip down his face into his chest while all family members copy-cats the bowing movement for the Lord’s Blessing over the food as I close my eyelashes and slightly tilt my chin downward into my chest for honoring all of God’s creatures and gifts for…1 second….2 seconds….3 seconds.
I hear the food bowls softly ting like a set of musical triangles and the plates rattle like a set of percussion cymbals while the utensils loudly ping like a section of piccolos dishing out the many different types of food items like an car shop assembly line which starts with Mr. Actworth then rotates to Grandma Actworth to Uncle Actworth and until each clan member has filled their empty plate. The second table holds the sons and daughters of the Actworth clan while Cox empties his food from the big bowl, first then each bowl slowly rotates around the oval table as I interest in Beck only. He smiles with a set of good teeth and chuckles watching his bottom jaw slightly shift, cute-like side to side like he’s enjoying the brilliant joke but Beck always smiles never sad about anything during school then he reaches over the arm rest and playfully slams his right folded fist into Perry’s furry face for fun then they both laugh at each other then they start a dog paddle fighting with their four hands in the air between the empty space of the chairs like two silly brother siblings will do.
Cox sits on Beck’s left waving his right hand side to side at Beck and talks moving his lips but I can’t hear Cox’s soft words at the mischievous puppies then Beck and Perry quiet down obeying their elder sibling while grinning and giggling. Beck carefully wraps the oversized bright blue cloth napkin around his throat and a second one he lays inside his lap like a true Southern gentleman while I smile at his nice manners which was probably taught by his Mama like good Southern kids are as I spy watching that every one cat-copies Beck’s napkin placement. I slowly jerk the binoculars back to Beck as he still smiles and chuckles staring at his plate of five pieces of fried chicken, a mountain of mashed white potatoes that covers in yellow butter, a bigger helping of brown pinto beans beside an equal height of yellow sweet corn as Beck stirs two of his vegetables together which makes me really hungry. Because, I like to eat the soft tart tasting pinto beans and juicy sweet corn mixed together like a can of wet and dry dog food for the Beagle puppies at my farm as I giggle with delight that Beck and I share a weirdo pattern of food consumption.
If that isn’t enough food for a growing teenager then there’s a side plate filled with delicious looking fruit salad consisting of sliced strawberries, orange slices, grapes, apples, walnuts all mixed together as my tummy grumbles for food as Beck quickly gobbles down one chicken breast, two thigh legs, and two drums sticks while polishing off the entire pile of mashed potatoes. He lifts the plate, spinning it around as his mixture of beans and corn face him then he consumes the heap in four bites using a spoon to gather the delicious sweet juice of the corn then mops the residue with three pieces of golden brown cornbread as he chews then smiles then chuckles then swallows then chews, again. He cleans the Dinner plate then sits the small side plate with the fruit salad inside the larger plate like a good mannered young man finishing the bright ripped fruit along with the rest of the clan wrapping up the lunchtime meal.
Mr. Actworth slowly shuffles his wheelchair from his kingly spot at the head of the oval table and gently gathers the dirty plates from each family member laying over the extended tiny tray that positions between his arm rests while Cox copy-cats the same maneuver at the youngling’s table then they roll one-at-a-time into the darkness of the Kitchen if I have guessed the hidden space since I’ve never visited their residential place.
I glide the binoculars into the darkness mashing the glass zoom lens to the maximum setting of 50X for a look-see of something interesting but see a low-lying Breakfast Table that rounds like the outside picnic tables then I see a low-lying Bar Counter that easily fits four wheelchairs. The rest of the dark space appears like a life-sized house for a five-year old little girl since the steel plated appliances and white cabinets are short and wide for easy reach for a wheelchair as I end my boring snooping and slide the binoculars back to Beck.
Mrs. Actworth, along with Grandma Actworth and two sets of Aunt Actworths, that I recall from church, chafferers out the Kitchen the individual dessert plates on top of their own sideway table surface that hangs across the arm rests of their wheelchairs as the ladies drop one piece of pecan pie at each place setting while I watch and smile at the recorded happy moment in Beck’s life with his brothers and kinda feel a little jealous since I don’t have any siblings like his brothers and cousins.
I mentally think when I marry the perfect guy that I plan to have three little brats running around the carpet messing up the Living Room with all their dangerous toys while I wipe their precious noses of snot and their pink lips of fresh grape juice. I giggle with a girly twang at my day dream.
Beck nods to his Mama. She wears a pink framed eyeglasses and mouths with his pink lips, thank you. He studiously stares at the oversized piece of pecan pie then uses his fork and slices off a big chunk that’ll fit nicely into his man-sized mouth.
Beck lifts the full fork into the air between his throat and his lips then shifts both of his eyelids upright inside his black framed eyeglasses and stares directly into the binoculars. I freeze like an ice cube with total shock. Beck winks at me.
I quickly drop the binoculars from my eyeballs, staring at the Actworth patio, seeing them as small ants against the tall pine trees.
I freeze my mental mind and my numb finger pads around the thick metal of the binoculars and whisper softly. “He winked at me.” I shake my skull side to side and repeat. “No. No. No. He can’t see me without using…these.” I quickly slide down the roof top like a sea lion and deftly land on top of the metal tool box with a loud thud then jump, kitten-like into the flat truck bed as the truck slightly jiggles from my combo of weight and impact. I lift the lid and quickly replace the binoculars into the tool box where they’re usually stored since I don’t want Daddy or any of the farm workers noticing the work item is out of place because some one might get the idea that I was spying at the cute sons in the Actworth Manor on the patio that corners our farm which is the only viewing access from a naked pair of eyeballs.
I hold my right cupped palm onto the metal railing then jump, T-rex over the side of the short ancient truck padding towards the door slamming the rusty hinges off the metal and sliding into the driver’s seat. “I wasn’t spying, Daddy…,” as I practice my rehearsed speech. “I just noticed that the old gray looking yucky Spanish moss is covering them old 2000-year old Oak trees. Ya, know Daddy where the horses were moved, when I was sent to feed. Not good…not good at all… that’s too close to the Actworth property line.” I shake my skull side to side, carefully following the old two tires marks along the worn dirt path back down the hill then turn left as I see the white barn straight along as I putt-putt the truck towards its parking spot on the left side of the barn wall under the old crab apple tree so the tart apples can fall over the hay bales sweetening the grain for the picky eaters among the horses.

Patillo Homestead. 1:01pm. I arrive at the barn which seemed like I drove for three minutes instead I trucked down the hills and over the valleys for a total of twenty-five minutes as I slam the gear into “P” for park and kill the engine and stare into the heavy thicket of green leaves. I word softly, thinking over and over again. “Beck winked at me. He saw me spying on them.” I cringe beautifully with my mixed emotions of happy and embarrassment as I slowly pad right boot then left boot then right boot wiping off hay, sawdust, clay, and grass from my jeans for a presentable daughter at the Dinner table stepping onto the back patio. I settle my bee_hind in the padded patio chair, removing both my boots since one is slightly covered in horse shit between the heel and sole that requires a toothpick and I don’t eat well after cleaning animal crap from shoes.
I sit in socked feet padding on the rough orange brick gently parting the wood from the metal trying to be a good Southern belle since Mama feels bad as I slide on sweaty socks into the Laundry Room turning right into the Kitchen where Mama sits at the Breakfast Table on the south side wall with her leg propped parallel with the floor as her skull lounges in both hands looking like she’s in really bad pain.
I scoot into my assigned seat quietly then shift the plate of food slowly around the table below my mouth with my bestest table manners that I can mustard as I look at Mama then stare at my thick pile of turkey above the two slices of red tomatoes, a entire bed of green lettuce as the white mayo drips like a leaky faucet down the both sides of the fresh white loaf bread since Daddy fixed our lunch today using his college engineering skills like he’s building a bridge not feeding a picky teen as I smile lifting the heavy sandwich to my face and ask softly. “Hey, Daddy! How’s your leg, Mama?” I attack with both lips, sinking teeth into the delicious meal as I wink my eyelash, right at Daddy. Daddy stuffs potato chips into his mouth while holding the last bite of the thick turkey sandwich ease dropping on the conversation.
Mama lifts her face, smiling at me then turns her skull and eye burns her propped leg, updating. “I’m healing as we speak, dear.” I vigorously chew with my mouth closed and slowly swallow my chopped up food by toothies so I don’t rudely gag or cough at the table to annoy Mama further.
I tattle on myself. “Thanks for the sandwich, Daddy. Mama, I started my chores…” Mama tenderly pats my right bicep while I hold the sandwich for the next attack, smiling and shaking her skull side to side.
“O! So, that’s where ya been hiding out, it’s passed one o’clock, Risa. And, this is your birthday, dear. There’re no chores required for you to perform today other than your homework assignments that are due on Monday.” Mama pauses for beauty as I nod my skull, once accepting the silence cue of the upcoming academic lecture that Mama performs when she’s in a bad mood that has been caused by her temporary leg injury because she loves to ride around the farm barking orders like a Mama dog to the farm workers instead of cooped up inside the house. I’m used to the side bar lectures that started in the Eighth Grade when making the letter grade of “C” was not acceptable until Mama finally figured out that her precious only child wasn’t a genius just a cowgirl. Mama shares her mental thought out loud with me and Daddy. “Cinta does any excellent job of tutoring you in Algebra, don’t you think so, dear. You should make a decent grade for the upcoming six-week term in school. When is your test?” I blink my eyelashes in silent code while I chew my sandwich as Mama slowly smoothes her five finger pads horizontal back and forth over the table surface when she gets frustrated at me then continues. “Ask Cinta, okay?” I nod as she continues. “You don’t seem….as confused when Cinta explains the problems in your school work.” I nod and listen as Mama looks at Daddy and expresses. “Your Daddy and I have been pondering your situation, especially in regards to your academic, not successes…” Mama pauses for beauty. “You’re still planning to go to college. Right, sweetheart?” I nod as Mama asks. “Your school counsel called me informing us that she wants you to take the ACT, again. You can do that in January. I have the information from the Net. We both think that’s a good idea then when you apply to college you’re be really for the big challenge. I feel that you’ll really click in college from an academic point of view.” I snap the dill pickle in half with my incisor teeth chomping on the tart taste as I catch the juice with my napkin.
Daddy says. “Your Mama has to report back to the physician in Montgomery on Friday morning. Since there’s not a game we thought you could skip school, ride with us then we would take a short venture travel up to Burn U.” I stop chewing my sandwich, staring eyeballs at my plate of two dill pickles and a heap of potato chips. I planned to consume before Daddy’s wild announcement. I ponder my plot quickly while Daddy smiles and nods. “Mama and I are very pride that you want to attend our old Alma Mata. We can drive by the Admissions Office look around for a bit at the pretty landscape. They got snow flakes up there during the winter time. That’s really pretty. What’da ya think, pumpkin?”
I stare at the plate activating my brain cells into summing a great answer for Daddy’s pre-arranged plans, since I’d like to a) skip school…b) visit Burn U…and c) go to Festival. However, I can only choose one event, since I personally some how and some way am going to defeat Lara Lee and save Beck from total teen humiliation on Friday night. But, I can’t save Beck, if I’m out of town like lying Lara Lee is going to proclaim on Monday morning at school since she never comes to church. I nosily clear my throat of a few lingering food particles then reject softly. “O! That’s sound like fun, ya’ll.” I look at Daddy. “But, Friday night isn’t a football game but the Novena Festival. Remember, Daddy? When you won all those prizes for me when I was a First Grader? I still remember how much fun the games were…”
Mama says. “The Novena Festival is for younger children, not really a teenager hang out, dear. We want to show you some of the college places where the students interact between their study classes.”
“I wanna to visit there, Mama. But, this is my last time…ya know…to go and play the silly kiddie games with my friends…for the last time ….ya know…before I go off to college like ya’ll have dreamed for me…,” dumping ya know with nonsense.
Mama shakes her skull side to side while smoothing her five finger pads over the table surface but looking at me. “That’s weird! Annabelle told me that Cinta was going to skip the Festival on Friday since it isn’t a game night. Doesn’t she hang with her beau Bobby Joe when not at school? I though I saw them Thursday night at the Pizza House on Elm Street, did you know that the location of that fast food place, Risa?” I stare into her face because there is an excellent reason that Cinta told her Mama that part lie and part truth so that Cinta won’t be accused and punished by the Principal of Apollo High School along with the rest of the meanie seniors for abandoning Beck at the Festival and covering for Lara Lee. Because, if there isn’t a Senior girl present to replace the missing Lara Lee then Beck will be all alone to lose the title of Harvest Emperor with a Harvest Empress by his side on the floor of the auditorium while the gossiping Apollonians stare and laugh at him as I twist my lips, ugly.
“Yes, ma’am, I know the place….,” when I eat with my parents sometimes on Sunday afternoon since I can’t date a boy until I’m 43 years old with gray hair, sunken cheeks, and saggy boobs while living with my biological family foreverly as I moan softly placing the sandwich on the plate. I lie honestly. “I think that Cinta might be confused her Friday nights since the games are almost done. She’s going to be there, maybe not the entire Festival but some of it. Sooo….I want to….”
“Well, I can understand that spending time with your friends is important in this part of your life, Risa, right, dear?” My Daddy smiles at my Mama. She narrows her eyelashes at me when Daddy continues. “But, we’ll be leaving very early on Friday morning with a new load of cattle. We’re performing two tasks at the same time away from Apollo delivering our load and carrying Mama to the doctor along with spending-the-night in Montgomery on Friday night and Saturday night…”
“Why both nights?” I eat.
“I’m receiving some additional tests that can’t be performed on Friday only Saturday afternoon with their special hospital machines…”
“Are you sick, Mama?” I eat.
“No, dear! The bone…or the pain is very troublesome on my leg, so the doctor wants to see the bone through my cast kinda like an old fashioned X-ray but with some of the better technological medical equipment. We’ll return on Sunday morning, leaving very early for the road trip.”
“I can hang with Cinta on Friday and Saturday nights. That’s not a prob.” I smile.
“You…hang too much with Cinta, dear. You should expand your friends…ship to some of the other kids at your school.” Mama suggests.
I giggle and smile. “I should get a boyfriend.”
“Risa, your Daddy and I want to you start dating boys. We gave our blessing this every day one year ago until…” Mama pauses for beauty and sings in her flute music. “Butttt….this is our house. These are our rules. The first rule is that your homework comes first, young lady.” She pauses for beauty, again then adds. “The second rule of the house is being accepted into college. College is both fun and fulfilling. I believe! You’ll thrice as a freshman with a fresh face in a new fresh learning environment. So, the newest third rule is to study for your ACT which is in January.” I pout, cute-like with my lips since that means only one thing studying my hindie off until January ACT Day. Mama adds. “Maybe…”
“Cinta can help me.” I volunteer.
“No!” Mama sings in her flute music and shakes her skull side to side which is a double whammy. “Cinta proved to be a very poor teacher for your very poor studies which doesn’t make any logical progress in your slow academic studies if you want to be accepted into college, Risa. Anyways, since Cinta wrecked her car last week she isn’t on my favor’s list….”
“That cow…” I defend too slowly while Mama shakes her skull side to side, staring at me for the expanded fib I was about to lovingly create.
“Wrecks involve speed which involves not obeying the speeding laws. You obey all the laws all the time like a good Southern belle as taught by me…..” Mama compliments as I bite into the sandwich and listen. “Maybe…I can converse with Mrs. Actworth and see if one of her college sons can assist your ACT problems and ACT review between their Holiday break….”
“Beck can.” I suggest.
“Beck did an excellent job this summer with your Geometry course but right now, he’s dealing with too…” Mama pauses for beauty, looking at Daddy then says something totally off the wall. “Risa, you must learn to handle your own decisions with both grace and wisdom. That’s the only way you will learn from your mistakes.”
“Too much, what?” I question with my kitty-cat curiosity.
“Too much, High School work like you, pumpkin and studying for his own set of ACT to enter college, a good college’s very competitive among your teen peers, Risa. That’s why the school counsel and us, your loving parents want to you re-take the ACT. Or you might be left attending one of the many overcrowded junior colleges which is a working solution for your dilemma but something you’re required to take more class courses…,” Daddy says.
I drop the sandwich and raise both my arms bending at the elbow while bull-frogging my eyeballs out of their sockets…really weird. “Stop, okay! I understand. Please, don’t end one lecture than began another one while the sun’s still outside on the back porch. It gives me a headache…out of all days…” Daddy tenderly pats my left forearm drawing it down out of the ‘bank robber’ formation, leaning his face into my shoulder.
“Happy Birthday, Risa!” Daddy wishes then he stands as I lower both my arms down to the plate, picking it up along with any scattered crumbs from my messy table manners and stand upright beside Daddy.
I nod my skull, once and offer with a smile. “Thanks, Daddy!” I look at Mama sitting in the chair since she waits on Daddy to clean the dishes and table before he moves her into the Living Room. Mama smiles at me.
She greets sweetly. “Happy Birthday, dear! And, we love you. We just look after your interests in a different way from other parents, Risa.”
“Yeah! Okay! I’m going to bathe and change for the party at three.” I excuse my person like a true Southern belle from the Dinner table as I walk the plate and place inside the steel-plated sink then swing my body exiting the Kitchen padding up the stairs turning right down the wing of the house as I turn right at the last door on the right into my room.

Bedroom. I close the wood with a slow and gently swing of my left hand while I pad into my white bathroom with pink rosebuds stripping the dirty jeans and peeling the sweaty lavender-colored T-shirt from my breasts then tosses the items on the floor as I twist at the small time the hot and cold water for a combo wash of my dirty body. I strip panties and bra without admiring my teen body in the bathroom mirror climbing slowly into the shower letting the slightly hot warm run for fun down my body. I plan to use all the hot wash on this side of our house since we have two separate hot water heaters along with two air/conditioning and heater units since the Manor was built at different periods of time before I was born and then after I was birth. Whatever!
Beck saw me spying on him with the binoculars as the dim light bulb burns out inside my brain cells and is replaced with a brighter one since Beck actually saw a sun light reflection from the binoculars since he wears eyeglasses and can’t see that far and I probably saw with my 50X magnification a sun flare reflection from his shiny eyeglasses as I quickly slap my forehead with a right soapy hand getting soap bubbles in my right eyeball while I quickly dunk my entire skull under the pleasant temperature thinking I really am a dumb cowgirl. I shouldn’t have been spying on my neighbors but it wasn’t a mission for evil. “I just was at the right spot at the right time…,” as I practice my rehearsed speech for Beck tomorrow at church since I’ll see him there without a doubt. That’s solves one problem. Beck won’t be too mad since he’s the happiest person I know that enjoys living on Planet Earth.
Garth didn’t see me kiss him in the moon light as I giggle with a girly twang reliving that exciting moment this morning as my prime birthday present from Cinta who’s my bestest girl in the world but I do interest in that weird dream when I kissed Garth’s lips as I recreate in my mind while I suds the fruity bubbles over my body for a fresh clean smell of green apples before the three o’clock party. 
My mind vision is a little fuzzy but I recall Garth standing over me like I’m dead or something as I stand under the water letting the bubbles drain down the pipes shaking my skull side to side and concluding that I’m not dead. Then, I kinda really remember a few distinct physical objects like that cute pair of cowgirl boots on my feet and one of Garth’s silver belt buckle around his waist and then I’ll never forget his sexy voice saying. “…be mine little cowgirl?”
“Yes. Yes. Yes,” practicing my rehearsed speech in the shower when Garth asks me that question hopefully soon and wishing tonight at my birthday party. We seem to be on the same mental level while washing the shampoo out of my hair roots and my eyeballs finishing my bath giggling with a girly twang.

My redneck dance hoedown. 5:01pm. “Stupid,” whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings capturing by my own eardrums. I slowly walk to the next kiddie exhibition and toss a baseball into a great big target, a gigantic sized T-rex toothy mouth. So, the little kid, standing on my toes, can win all the stuffed animals that her ketchup-stained finger pads can carry hanging on protruded nails along the barn outside wall as I pitch the ball into the hole with success as the surrounding kiddies squeak like dying pigs in a slaughter house then twist my body and force another goofy grin on my face for more torture. The exhibitor hands out the rest of the wall toys to the kids since it’s time to wrap up the kiddie show and start the adult entertainment event of the annual Hoe Down which lasts until 9:01pm because we all get up and go to church service at 8:00am on Sunday morning.
I two-step to the right of the T-rex Baseball Exhibition into nothingness since I have completed my “princess duty” of visiting at least three times each kiddie exhibition when two hands swiftly pull me backwards as I swing my body to face Cinta with a toothy smile. She observes. “You okay, girl best. Ya look kinda bored.”
“Sad.” I dump, twisting my lips, ugly as Cinta moves closer into my face.
Cinta asks with a kind tone and concerned face. “Sad, about what?”
I complain with pouted lips, cute-like. “Sad, that I don’t have real birthday party with big boys and girls.”
“Next year!” Cinta swings me towards the patio so we can get ready for the dance.
I comment with an evil grin bouncing my eyebrows up and down for fun. “Next year I’ll be drunk on alcohol, having wild sex with some cute college boy…” Cinta stops walking turning her distorted face at me as I giggle silly and grab her left forearm dragging into the house since I only have an hour to dress for the dance.
Cinta drops her mouth. “Risa, I can’t believe you…just confessed that lie.”
“How ya know it a lie, honey?” I wink at her.
“I’m your roommate in that apartment in Birmingham and have sworn a secret oath to your Mama that…that scene will not happen to your little girl.”
“Party poopy.” I stop lifting my left boot twisting it at a weird angle that my eyeballs can’t see completely.
Cinta slows her pace turning to stare at me. “Party pooper.”
“Naw. Party poopy.” I finger point at the slightly brown wet boot sole. “I think its dog shit from one of the roaming Beagle puppies.” Cinta roars with jungle cat laughter along with me since I’m a true and tried cowgirl, who owns about fifteen pairs of cowgirl boots. I collect boots like a city slicker chick collects hand bags.
Cinta parks her folded fists on her jeans belt. “Where to next?”
I finger point at the patio. “To dump these boots before I’ll chase off all the beaus…”
“What beaus?”
“The ones that I have already chased off...” I lightly joke since I don’t have a beau and will not have one at the end of tonight with both my parents watching over the eagle’s nest as Cinta giggles with a girly twang.
“Naw. That’s your Daddy’s rightful doing...on purpose. That’s the role of a Daddy to chase off all them hunger wolves from his little baby woolly lamb.” I spin my body into the patio chair while pulling my right leg over my left knee working on the smelly boot while staring at Daddy who enjoys the birthday party more than I since he’s a little kid pretending to be a grown-up smiling that’s someone’s having fun with the games. I jerk both boots placing them at the end of the patio brick for tomorrow’s spit shin and polish without the puppy’s poop as Cinta opens the back door and calls. “Come on! Let’s find ya a dress for tonight.” I rise slowly from the patio padded loveseat that decorates in beautiful yellow and black butterflies while shaking my skull side to side and staring at Cinta’s bee_hind as she leads into the darkness.
“Why?” I move into the cool house of the Laundry Room as we stomp through the Kitchen.
“For your beau…” Cinta dumps without any more explanation, giggling with a girly twang while I raise my eyebrow, left.
I demand in my new bass flute music with a slight snarl on my lips. “What beau? What have you planned, Cinta?”
“Nothing.” Cinta giggles and grins while shaking her skull side to side.
“Cinta?” I sing in flute music as we tromp up the stairs without fear of my parents over hearing our secret plans since I eye witnessed both of them saying good-bye to the farm kids while some adults will return to participate in the dance and other parents will stay home with their kiddies wrapping up the busy daylight hours as Cinta continues to giggle and grin without any more clues of her secret plot.
Cinta just words softly. “Nothing! I promise with bows and ruffles across my lavender blouse since we both love the color of lavender.” I turn into my bedroom frame softly shutting the door closed with both hands without locking the latch since Mama gets really suspicious when I have my friend Cinta visit for any length of time. 
I march towards the bed, plopping my back muscles over the bedcovers and comment. “Encrypted answer which means an encrypted event for me. This is not the night to toss a firecracker into the boiling chicken stew, Cinta. Mama isn’t in a good mood since her leg aches with pain taking all her misery on the hired help. So, stay clear of her eye radar, Cinta.” Cinta turns left colliding with the soft clothes, eye burning the three dresses then grabs one for each hand.
Cinta asks with her kitty-cat curiosity while deciding she doesn’t like these clothing items, tossing them at the bed as the bed barely catching the hanger as I quickly shift my right hand to rescue the gravity falling fabrics, pulling back to safety. “Your Mama doesn’t care for me. Why’s that, Risa?”
“Probably…because ya took her money in the summertime….” I dump without thinking, first.
Cinta stops torturing the hangers, looking at me, frowning. “I tutored you this past summer. You passed with the letter grade, D in Geometry. So, ya didn’t fail the Eleventh Grade. That’s an average academic score for any average High Schooler, here in Alabama. What more does she want from me?”
I stare at the ceiling and cover beautifully. “Yeah, right! You did a good job tutoring me for that very bad letter grade of D, Cinta. But, my Mama’s an overachiever in her life and expects her daughter to be one, too. Ya know, I guess she wanted me to get a letter of B at least.” I cringe beautifully with the white lie. Cinta did receive my Mama’s money and did not tutor me properly, like Beck did. If Beck hadn’t helped I would’ve been repeating the 11th Grade. I upright and walk like a woman towards my chest of eight drawers pulling the third drawer on the left side. I say. “I’m wearing a clean pair of skinny jeans….the faded ones.” I hold the jeans covering my face as Cinta stares at me through the thick jeans probably pondering my dishonest statement. I continue. “I like this pair best for the Hoe Down. That’s what old maiden teen girls with no beaus wear to a Hoe Down’s in their Daddy barn.” I walk back to the bed, plopping my body upon my breasts as I shoot my face out of the way sustaining no danger while saving my fine makeup job. I say tossing Cinta off the scented track. “Fiddlesticks, Cinta! I can’t get a date since I’m grounded until…”
Cinta returns to examining the clothes inside my closet, tossing her rejections onto the bed. “Not this! Or this! Or that!”
“Mama ordered me to re-take the ACT test in January guaranteeing that I get accepted into Burn U. Is it that hard to get into college? I thought everyone went to college for the fun and the beer and the getaway from their annoying parents. What’da ya make on your ACT?”
“Zero.” Cinta picks the pink blouse from the hanger, shaking her head at the fabric then lays it across the bed. “I’m taking it with you. When’s our date, sugar?”
I observe the collection of scattered clothes that droop from their hangers, since Earth gravity pulls the fabric sideways, instead of upright on my bed. “I have a great idea, Cinta. Pull all my clothes out the closet at once, then, when you reject each hanger you can place it neatly upon the rack, instead of tossing it on my bed which I’ll need to use to sleep, tonight. And, the SAT testing is in January. I thought you said that you took…”
“What’s this?” Cinta holds the white formal ankle-length plantation dress with a sweetheart neckline and a fitted waist in her right arm which looks like the Scarlett O’Hara infamous picnic dress, without the little green apple design. “It’s brand new with the sale’s tag still display upon the sweetheart neckline.”
“My prom dress…,” flipping onto my back, staring at the white popcorn ceiling.
“From the Prom that you didn’t attend in March.”
“The one, I was grounded from attending in March for making an ‘F’ in History which I made up magically rose into a ‘D,’ when I pasted like a zillion pictures of army folks bombing the crap out of each other in the official US Wars from time period of 1812 into present Earth day. I decorated like a First Grader with a pair of scissors, gallons of glue, and tons of sticky tape into three great big fat notebooks.” Cinta giggles sorting through my closet as I complain very softly, so Mama doesn’t hear with her Mama-eardrums. “Yeah! That Prom, it comes only once-per-year as a once-per-junior to never be repeated for the rest of eternity.”
“Your parents would’ve let you attended, if you didn’t go shopping with me that Saturday right before the Saturday night’s Prom. You came home with a new pair of riding boots, instead of studying for your History test. You lied to them, Risa. That’s not right as child to a parent.” Cinta holds the dress around her waist checking the fitting on her body. We’re the same height, not the same weight on their lower body parts, but the gown would compliment her blonde hair.
I exhale. “I know that, now. But, it was only a little fib. My Junior Prom was a big fat thing,” slamming my left hand up and down steady on the soft bed in both gathered fury and absent pain while slapping my right hand viciously attacking the growing army of clothing along the bedspread.
“Why didn’t you take the dress back?” Cinta moves to the full-length mirror admiring the delicate soft tiers of lace between her hands.
“Because, they don’t know about the dress?”
Cinta swings to me. “What?” She swings back to the mirror. “Or the better question is: how come your Mama don’t know about this prom dress?”
“I’m going to pretend to buy it, first, then, really use it, second for this year fabby time at my one only last Prom for the rest of my teen years of my short lived life.” I upright my torso while noting her admiration of my old/new Prom Dress in the mirror, then stand.
“Risa, you’re lying, again.” Cinta measures the sweetheart line against her lavender blouse. I slowly stand beside her. She hands off my dress then returns to the closet.
I stand in front of the mirror. “Whatever! See, how pretty.” I walk around in the dress then stumble into the hidden presents. “I love presents.” I open the gifts finding a new pair of cowgirl boots, staring at the same colors which I had saw in my nighttime dream with Garth.
Cinta pulls another clothing item from the closet. “New pairs! So pretty from your Mama.”
“I guess so.” I pull my socks on and try on the new boots. “Perfect fit!” I giggle.
“Time for your grand entrance!” Cinta scans my messy room which holds half of my closet on the bed.
“Cinta, my bed…” I finger the mess, whining.
“Let’s go.” Cinta walks out the doorway as I nosily exhale then follow her out the door.

Hoe Down. 6:01pm. I walk with my escort, being the one and only Daddy as we tour around the enclosed four wooden walls greeting and meeting the familiar faces that I have seen for many yesteryears, the hired farm workers. The farm workers come with their spouses and all their children. Some of the children have grown into adults with their own children.
Yeah! I’m that old. I slowly rotate in a semi-circle kissing female cheekbones, shaking male hands, and tweeting kid’s noses with my finger and thumb, without any visual boogers or silky running snot. The ugly boogers and green snot makes me turn towards the floor and nosily gag, before I actually puke green vomit on Daddy’s boots. I smile with my lips so wide that my teeth grind like gravel inside while we slowly promenade around the square-box floor of the barn.
The first dance is with my Daddy, our traditional birthday feet stomp when I stand upright in my baby pink cowgirl boots at the age of one year old. The second dance is with Daddy, again, since Mama’s lower leg cast boot prevents her from two-stepping the night away as the fiddles peak at the high octave-c. I swing in the right direction of Daddy’s pointy cowboy boots.
After six consecutive dance sessions, taking twenty minutes each, Daddy’s getting short-winded and I get throat thirsty. The song slowly finishes the last musical scale of pretty notes then Daddy stops moving his body then gently slaps a fatherly hug and kissing the center of my forehead like he’s done for seventeen years. He whispers. “Happy birthday, Risa!”
I grin with happiness and whisper back into his sweaty face. “Thanks, Daddy.”
“Enjoy the rest of your party, pumpkin.” 
“I will.” I nod as the music completely ends. The live musicians shuffle music sheets for the next tune as I rapidly escape from Daddy moving quickly towards the old beaten green beverage cooler looking for a beer…naw…soda. I grab a cold one and then body spin right into the wide open arms of Garth. I grin like the cat that has eaten all these cute sweet-singing birdies. Garth grins with a goofy smile back at me, too, like he might know something about that stolen kiss, last night.
The music queues the next song signaling the next set of dancers as Garth views the semi-crowded floor but tightens his hands around my biceps. He returns his baby blue eyeballs at me, smiling. “Will ya two-step with me, Risa?”
“Yo, boy!” I scoot the soda across the table surface, without breaking Garth’s lovely embrace from my arms. He shifts his stance sideway to my left while releasing his left hand from my right arm then gently shifts his hand. He grabs my left hand tugging me across the wide floor towards the front of the band, which is about the only descent spot for a couple to dance.
In the cute nicknamed “cuddle two-step” maneuver, the partner couple holds both their hands, all the time, while swinging the girl all around the guy’s body kinda like twirling a baton but not dropping it. So the dance couple needs five feet width on each other of their rib cages to perform the proper dance routine which doesn’t allow for hundreds of couples to invade the floor space. Daddy’s barn is 2,000-square-feet of empty space including the food tables and band members along with the partly empty and occupied metal folding chairs hugging the walls about sixteen dancing couples. Period.
Garth and I make up couple number fifteen as Mr. and Mrs. Rubin floats next to us completing the wide circle.
I stand directly in front of Garth facing the inner circle of the floor slicing my eyeballs at the other female dancers, half old folks like Daddy and half younger folks like me. The fiddle plucks on a constant single note g-chord as my kneecaps bend and bounce up and down. I rub my bee_hind against Garth’s blue jeans feeling both his heated and my happy. Garth crosses both his arms around my breasts entangling our arms, together, like flowering vines. Hey! That’s part of the dance formation, ya’ll.
We both bounce up and down bending our kneecaps like a funky shaped basketball waiting on the first beat of the drum roll. Today’s dance, you don’t use a Caller to shout out the step instructions for the dance moves, since every girl and boy are taught as a child the two-step rhythm.
The snare drum rolls while we lift our arms towards the heavens like a wiggling big snake. Our biceps stretch taunt vertically together then I swing my body backwards on my right boot heel and face Garth with a big smile. He grins with a goofy one with our hands in the air holding our entwined ten finger pads with our open palms. I slice my eyeballs to the right, seeing. My Daddy and Mama between the shifting figures that nicely blocks his view of me and Garth. I rapidly jerk my left hand from his light gripe and tenderly tickle his left rib cage which is perfectly exposed for my girly attack.
Garth jerks his chest to the left from my playfully fumbling of five finger pads. He giggles like a farm turkey then slides both his Bigfoot cowboy boots on the outside of my tiny girly boots blocking me from moving and then shuttles his fine body closer to my face, my breasts, and my hips. I giggle with delight.
The fiddle screams with lines of a-chords when Garth drops both his hands around my waist gently lifting me about two inches from the floor as my breasts gently rub into his chest. He swirls my air-borne body to his right side as we entangle our arms and twirl around and around for the “Dunlap Spin,” where we hold hands turning our bodies backwards like a mini-tornado spinning on our boot heels, together along with the plucking of the fiddle string.
Garth grabs my right hand with his left and my left hand holds his right as we slowly spin around while he pulls me closer into his side. I feel his right rib cage touching mine, since he’s tall at six feet, one inches and I’m tall at five feet and eight inches making us a good dance couple. I giggle with delight.
Garth uses his index finger on his left hand tickling my rib cage as I giggle silly. I try to loosen any one of my griped finger pads, without success as he smiles wickedly and tightly holds all my ten finger nails along with grunting like a wild animal in my left eardrum for his amusement. The music combines the fiddles and drums when we stop spinning and then move forward side by side but holding hands with our entangled arms like skipping over patches of live flowers along the floor in a full circle. Garth uses his strong biceps and gently lifts my boots from the floor by two inches as we glide smoothly across the floor pulling me into his right side. The left side of my body overlaps into his chest while I giggle for fun. He grunts like a wound animal in my left eardrum then quickly spins us in a tiny circle while stealing a kiss upon my left temple. The kiss is will and well hidden from my Daddy, since we don’t see each other lips, only each other nose profiles. I giggle with fun, because, only, the best dance couples spin like that within the skipping circle. They’re usually married and been dancing for many years.
We skip half the diameter of the circle as Garth spins us around for a second time, stealing another of his wet slobber upon my left cheekbone. I giggle while we dance towards the next quarter mark. Garth swirls me for a third time lifting me higher towards his jaw then I turn my face inward for the so daring kiss. Garth drops his jaw way too low and then kisses my pointy chin while we both giggle like farm turkeys at the missed opportunity. He quickly lowers me to the floor, before Daddy sees my missteps as we skip side by side to our original positions.
The fiddles play in solo for the next cuddle two-step movement. Garth and I shuffle our bodies and step forward on our right boots then tap our left boot heels twice, then we step backwards on our left boot heel then tap our right boot toes, twice. I step on my right boot turn to the left side and parade my body around Garth in a completed circle while he gently twirls my right hand inside his left hand. However, in the olden days of two-step dancing women wore these cute wide multiple tiered tutu-looking skirts paired with their cowgirl boots while only the edge of the fabric skirt touched her guy.
I don’t wear a multiple tiered tutu-looking skirt. I rotate around Garth’s body and the viciously slam my left hand against his rib cage for my fun while he stands like a Greek god statue and takes my girly abuse. I giggle. Garth grunts every time I slap my folded fist into his taunt muscles going all the way around his fine body until I’m in my original position for the next movement.
We cuddle like sweethearts side by side as we continue our next movement. Garth lowers his tongue and attacks my left eardrum, saying in his sexy baritone. “You’ll pay for them pain punches, darling! I promise, cowgirl.”
I wink. “Them be my love taps, honey-pie. And, I wanna share some more violent with ya after our dance.” Garth chuckles while I giggle.
The fiddle pings with a c-chord for the swinging of your dance partner. I spin my body to the right in a half-circle and face Garth with a giggle and a smile while wrapping my right arm around his left arm. We circle and giggle in a two full rotation while skipping like little kids in the hay fields in one spot. Then we suddenly stop in our original position and switch the arms. We circle and giggle in two rotations and stop, facing the doorway. Then we gallop forward five feet leading with the right foot while stomping the cockroaches between the floor planks then stomp both boot soles, twice times, very loudly. We continue the dance by galloping like horses forward another five feet leading on the left foot as we approach the double set of barn doors showing the night lights in the woodlands of Apollo, Alabama.
We stop in place as I spin my body to the right in a half-circle and face Garth. He winks when I giggle. I wrap my right arm around his left arm as we circle in a wide radius. My lead partner twirls us towards the doorway then we dance our body as one in rounding circles outside into the night sky, then around the barn corner into the dim lighted flooding against the horse barn. Because horses sleep standing up with their eyelids closed and don’t need a nighty-night dim light like a scary-cat child.
We stop under the overhanging limbs of three trees as the bright moon peeks between the thick branches. Garth releases my arms. We both back step from each other in the quiet forest. 
He leans into my face, whispering, “Happy birthday, Risa.”
I drop my face into my chest parking my hands behind my back acting slightly shy, since this is the first time I’ve ever been alone with a boy near my age. Garth is eighteen years old and I’m seventeen today. We both are in the same school and same grade, but don’t share the same “click” of friends. I’m a band member. He’s a jock on the football team.
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “Thanks, Garth.”
“I like your boots.” Garth smiles at me then his eyelids focus on my nervous feet. I jerk my right kneecap like I’m marching down the football field twirling my baton, even with my waist for him to see. The delicate soft patches of purple Ostrich skin around the black inlays of the leg, when I accidentally smack him in the jaw line.
He had dropped his face closer to the grass viewing my boots that were standing on the ground, then we violently collided.
Garth groans when I brace my ten finger pads around both his apple cheekbones feeling both softness and gentleness of his clean shaven face. “So, sorry, I’m so sorry. Ya okay, Garth? Do ya need something like a bucket of ice cubes or a raw piece of steak or a wet washcloth?” I act like Florence Nightingale caressing both his cheekbones, which I like. I flirt, very softly, which I like even more. “I’ll get ya anything, ya know. What do want, sweetheart? Anything, I promise.”
He releases his jaw with his hands, placing them around my shoulders as he moves closer to my face while I grin and hold both his cheekbones with my ten finger pads not ready to let go and he whispers. “Anything, cowgirl?”
I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I promise, cowboy.” He slowly dips his face into my face as I smile and part my lips for a second kiss within a 24-hour period from the boy and slowly shift my body into his T-shirt while I softly giggle with a girly twang. My tummy flip flops with invisible butterflies while my legs slight wobble like a toddler trying to walk as Garth curves his taunt biceps and warm finger pads around my shoulders than drops his hands to my waist pulling me closer to his soft lips.
Then, two strong hands swiftly grab both my shoulders and rapidly pull me from behind while I recognize the lavender perfume and blonde locks tickling my jaw line as Cinta drags my bee_hind away from Garth and I whisper softly to the posed question. “I will.” Garth stands upright in total confusion with his mouth dropped open like a hunger shark and hands extended out towards me while I snort in angry twisting my body even with her gate padding back into the barn.
Cinta whispers into my left eardrum. “Your Daddy’s calling your name, wondering. Why ya out wandering some place else, instead of two-stepping with all the young bucks, like ya did last year at your sixteenth birthday party within his eagle eyesight? Hot dangling, girl-best! You’re lucky that your Mama is maimed with a bum feet or…”
“Daddy…” I whisper like delicate butterfly’s wings.
Cinta releases my shoulders as we walk like two regular teens nearing the door. She says. “It’s time to cut your big birthday cake, Risa.”
I pout my lips, cute-like, swishing my long hair and dizzy head at Garth, who trails, not to close behind our boot soles. We enter the barn. I whisper, “Fiddlesticks! Just when it was about to get good.” I smile like a beauty queen and wave my right hand like a Hollywood starlet as I slowly pad towards the center of the barn floor that holds a square table with a big tall cake. I pose beside the birthday table. My Mama stands in Daddy’s arms and.
Daddy yells in tenor. “Sing on three. One. Two. Three.”
“Happy birthday to you…,” the musical voices blend lovingly for the start of the song. I hold the long sharp silver knife with all ten finger pads like an unidentified serial killer with a goofy grin on my face in front of the bottom tier of my birthday and study the four-tiered cake where the top layer holds seventeen flaming red and blue fire of lighted solid white wax candles that wet on the white icing and isn’t eaten since folks don’t want to taste hot candle wax or my wet mouth spit. The rest of the cake decorates in tightly bunched single pods of butter crème bright lavender roses buds wrapped in tiny vivid green butter crème vine leaves slapped by the hands of three-year old children in a weirdo pattern against the delicate pretty pure white butter crème icing all over different angles of the cake like someone failed their Geometry test as I giggle with a girly twang during the Happy Birthday Song. The on-key and off-key musical voices end and I gently blew only air not particles of food or mouth spit along the seventeen flames which are not tricked candles since my parents are…way too serious about everything in life for them to suddenly try to taunt me with birthday humor as I wish they would sometimes.
The candle flames slowly extinguish into tiny white pillars of thin smoke stacks while the Farm Baker that baked and designed my lovely cake quickly slices the top level of cake and icing like whacking the feathered neck of a downed hen chicken which I have honestly witnessed….way too many times since this is a farm town with real cows, chickens, hogs, peacocks, goats, dogs, cats, and other four legged mammals.  
I gently attack the icing with the jagged teeth of the knife because this is my birthday party and Mama started this stupid tradition when I was four years old and could hold the knife without endangering her or me as I deeply push the sharp blade into the soft cake down to the foiled-cover hardwood that holds a fifteen pound sweet monster of flour, sugar, and eggs then the Farm Baker removes the first piece from my art work handing off to me since I’m “Princess for the Day.” The paid farm workers cheer, laugh, and hum as I consume the first big bite of the first big piece of cake while the icing coats both my lips. I smile like a three-year old toddler as the paid staff clap like clowns.
I move from the cake when the Farm Baker takes over, slicing and stacking evenly geometric shapes like she passed her Geometry class in High School upon the round lavender-colored paper plates for the rest of the attendees. I purposefully pick out of the crowded floor the selected male and shuffle my new boot toes towards Garth while smiling like a beauty queen and giggling like a baby toddler. He stands between two of his brothers laughing and chuckling at a country hick joke. I plant my body right in front of his silver belt buckle that matches the item in my both my fantasy day dreams. He won that buckle in the one of many Rodeos near Montgomery, living on the outskirts of the big Metro City.
The brothers bump their pointy elbows into Garth’s rib cage for my attention as he folds both his hands over his injured rib cage from the violent punch. Then the three rednecks giggle like turkeys. Garth smiles and stares exclusively at me and the other un-welcomed guests swiftly shift their boot soles in the opposite direction leaving us…me and Garth alone against the wall intersection in the northeast corner of the barn as I neck snap my skull scanning for my Daddy who protectively sits with my Mama clear across the barn flooring near the loft which occupies the southwest corner of the big barn.
I swing my face to Garth, seeing. A golden colored index finger strike my upper lip with a gently tap. Garth rapidly holds his finger in thick goo of lavender butter crème birthday cake icing, smiles at me, quickly places that decorated finger between his parted pink lips. I stare in total shock while my tummy jumps into my empty throat and twirls like a violent tornado while stopping my vitally important breathe of air molecules. I violently cough from the suicidal choking when Garth quickly removes his wet index finger from his luscious soft pink lips and places all ten finger pads of his digits on my collar bone, steadying my coughing and my fainting. Golly.
He inquires. “Ya okay, Risa?”
I nosily clear my throat of the invisible tornado and sing in piccolo music. “Yeah.” Then, I giggle with silliness, since my brain cells can’t operate. But, my heart is banging out of my chest while my hands are sweating and purr like a newborn kitten. “You?”
“Risa!” I twist my skull over my right collar bone at my name from the obnoxious tenor caller, seeing. Daddy holds a shotgun upright on his left hip, motioning me with his free right hand. I view Garth, who stands bull-frog eyeballed with an open mouth. His hands waiver slightly like he’s being thief-robbed for his wallet of money then slowly back steps from me.
I swing my head and my body, not at the same time while closely glancing my griffin-like my swan neck at Garth, my very first beau until Daddy displayed that dang shotgun on his person. I briskly pace towards Daddy with a set of dead pan straight lips, since I’m emotionally confused between upset, happy, sad, glad, mad, and relieved that Garth isn’t dead. And, I’m pissed that I won’t get another sweet kiss, tonight, in addition having to start the courtship process from square one.
Daddy holds out his right hand for me to bug hug his fit waist then he direct points the shotgun at the big box wrapped in many sheets of various colored lavender. Someone completely has emptied the Lo-Mart aisle of all the colored lavender…(my favor color)…gifting paper. I smile brightly then whisper into Daddy’s face. “The gun?”
“Not loaded with any bullets. I guess some body left it near the oats feeding bin. I didn’t want one of the kids to grab by mistake, but its makes for a great prop. Right, pumpkin?” Daddy chuckles in both his rough husky laugh and sick-o humor. I cut eyeballs at Garth, who has moved pretty much out of my viewing range.
I hug Daddy’s waistline. “Yeah, Daddy, great prop!” I view the big freaking B’day present for me measuring eight-feet high by ten-feet long and six-feet wide as my brain cells go blank about my B’day gift.
“Go for it!” Mama yells like a cheerleader, being an ancient one in High School. she slowly clops beside Daddy on her leg cast while holding a pike axe between her ten finger pads then presents that weapon to me as I smile and quickly grab the item with two palms since an axe weighs fourteen pounds as I stomp towards the box noticing that the paper is not a tradition wrapped presentation but some type of delicate form of Paper Mache which is composed of the lavender ripped pieces of thousands of paper strips glued together by hand creating my delicate packing over my present.
I neck snap my face at Mama, smiling sweetly and nodding my skull since this took hours maybe days of her precious time from her precious farm along with sixteen helping hands of some of the farm workers to create this lovingly art work placed over my real present as I beside my body sideways at the side wall taller than me of the monster gift then rear back the pike axe over my left shoulder blade being a dominant right-hand talent holding my breathe and viciously slam the sharp point into the weak wall making a small hole. Then, I violently jerk back the axe part of the soft wall hangs onto the tool and parts of it fall upon the flooring then I re-cock my arms, hold my breathe and ferociously swing a second bigger opening into the wall more pieces fall to the ground while the weak box shakes side to side.
Daddy calls out. “Tear it down, boys!” The younger guests of pre-teens along with the excited teens…(mostly males)…race to the box with extended finger nails clawing and tearing the soft material which finally exposes my birthday gift as we back step and admire the strange beauty.
“ATV.” I whisper then swing my body, smiling with delight. “Ya get me an ATV, Daddy.”
Garth impresses me, first, with a great big smile, winking at me. “Painted in bright lavender on the metal engine hood along with the four wheel fenders, looking pretty like Risa.”
“Built your own ATV site on the Internet, boys.” Daddy smiles, nodding with his awesome surprise for his loving child.
“A side by side with two seats and a steering wheel, I want one, Mama.” Vonnie Sue bounces on her toes, fingering my cool girly machine, “…in pink. I want my ATV in pink metal, Mama.”
“Wow! An off roader!” Bobby Joe and Bobby Joe’s rude Yankee manners gallops to the opposite side, tenderly patting the roof like a nervous stallion. He narrates. “It travels on low-pressure tires…(kicks the front tire)…ya be sitting pretty, Risa…(slides into the driver’s seat and taps the horn). BEEP! BEEP! “A red steering wheel….(touches)….” Birthday guests giggle and clap at silly Bobby Joe.
Billy Jack acts like a showcase model, touching each body part on the car like a redneck. “Looky, a front brush….guard…(kicks it with his boot toe)….and a sissy colored lavender engine hood well, I guess I can be seem behind that…and prison jail guard protectors over the headlights. That’s good thinking, Daddy since Risa can’t drive worth sh…”
“Billy Jack…,” Garth slams Billy Jack’s arm.
Bobby Joe inspects. “There’s a set of guard protectors over the tail lights, too along with a rear brush guard just in case of moving thorny bushes that happens to wander into Risa’s racing path. Hey, there’s a license plate that reads, RISA. So cool!”
Billy Jack still declares examining parts of the ATV. “Well, she can’t. Sun top and side mirrors for backing into the garage doors which Risa did her Charger.”
Daddy looks at me as I touch the roof of my new birthday present. “What does Billy Jack mean, Risa?”
“Billy Jack!?” Cinta punches his arm then smirks wickedly at him.
Bobby Joe slides into the driver’s seat. “Check this out! There’s a gun mount between the steering column and installed baby glove compartment for your shotgun while killing them leaping deer whilst listening to your favorite country song on the embedded satellite radio along with a holder for your cold beer…”
“Your what, young man?” Daddy inquires rising his eyebrow, left then lays the shotgun across his shoulder.
“A flashlight holder, wind deflector, and a rear window along with bed rails securing that the hay bales don’t fall off the roader.” Billy Jack touches that part of the ATV.
Bobby Joe reads the paper manual. “Man, listen to these stats. Bed capacity is 400 pounds and fuel holds 7.9 gallons.”
“It covers 70 miles of flat terrain with its 7.9 gallon tank, Risa.” Daddy smiles as I nod tenderly touching my new toy.
Billy Jack announces to the world of earthlings, without looking at me. “That’s about from here traveling around your farm about four times so’s ya don’t run out of gasoline like last ya did last summer, remember, Bobby Joe, we were sent to rescue Risa who covered in sweat bees…and horse shit.” Loud turkey laughter echoes to the barn loft.
“50 ponies with speeds upwards to 60 MPH, boys…,” dumps Bobby Joe reading the manual.
“That translates for Risa to a maximum speed cruising speed of 20 MPH…only…on flat terrain…only and much less over hilltops.” Daddy orders.
“Yes, sir.” I obey.
Bobby Joe announces. “The ground clearance is twelve inches.
Billy Jack punches my back muscles and holds his right palm from the flooring and explains. “…about this high, Risa, since you can’t math properly or pass Geometry on the first try, one foot. So, don’t go jumping over green bean pods, because that’s over twelve inches, darling. And, this baby won’t make it.”
“Can tow up to 1212 pounds…,” Bobby Joe flips the manual for more data.
Billy Jack places his hand on a chin, “Hmm! That’s only six skinny defensive linemen. That’s not a lot of poundage for us, men.”
“I only see rednecks little boys. Where’s the men?” Cinta smiles at Billy Ray.
He views me, nodding. “Let’s see! There’s Risa, the birthday girl, me, Bobby Joe, and Davy Ray plus Garth. That’s a total of about 1100-pounds. So, we be at max, ya’ll.”
“Works for me!” Davy Ray sits his bee_hind inside the trunk as his legs drag on the barn flooring, while the ATV’s metal suspension groans in pain.
Billy Jack commands, snorting like wild boar. “Well! Hop on, boys! Let’s go for a sweet ride! Crank up the motor, Bobby Joe.” Bobby Joe turns the ignition key as the birthday guests quickly dance on boots from the roaring engine and the overloaded ATV. Two rednecks sit in the forward seats and two more cuddle inside trunk compartment, which usually holds piles of chopped firework or light camping equipment as jungle cat laughter bounces off the ceiling back down to the eardrums as Billy Jack calls. “Turn on the headlights! Let’s see, if find them female does. Yee-haw!” I giggle with silliness as Daddy slowly jogs out the barn doors watching the country hicks wreck my birthday present.

Sunday. morning. November 10th. Church. Cedar Road. 9:05am. I slo mo pad from the truck behind Mama and Daddy towards the church doors which stand open since the air conditioning isn’t needed for the cool morning temperatures of late Autumn while we arrive last as usual because Mama needs to feed her favored stallion before she leaves the farm while texting Cinta on my cell phone before breakfast, after breakfast and the ride over from breakfast. I stomp carefully each boot toe ensuring I don’t trip and fall and break my cell phone because it will die first before my cute button nose slams into the polished hardwood floor of the United Methodist Church in Apollo, Alabama off Cedar Road near Bobby Joe and Billy Jack’s farm creating a puddle of yucky red blood while wearing my old lavender cotton jumper paired with a white short sleeved soft cotton T-shirt and my new lavender and black cowgirl boots. Because Mama like to preach to me that Almighty God wants us nicely dressed for HIS service in HIS house so I faithfully obey my Mama and my Almighty God as stated in Ten Commandment number five as I giggle with a girly twang.
I lift my eyeballs quick enough to smile at Cinta who sits and waves her five finger pads quickly in the last row of the pew benches on the right side of the church auditorium which holds precisely 100 folks while I turn sharply to the left assuming my assigned seat along the last Hunter green velveteen padded pew row on the left side as Preacher-man soldierly stands behind the wooden podium in front of the church holding with both palms over the big torn brown leather bound The Holy Bible in front of his blue and black flannel cowboy shirt. He nods his skull, once at his wife who plays her ten finger pads on the small upright piano while we stand…well I continue to stand. We’re late as the song elegantly fanfares into the g-chord of the gospel song, “Amazing Grace” used every Sunday morning to thank kindly every one Apollonian attending the Church on Cedar Road.
Mama taps on my cell. I store it inside my dress pocket part of the reason that I wear this particular old fashioned ankle-length frock for the color of lavender and hiding my cell during church preaching so I can read Cinta’s texts while I upright my shoulder blades into my tallness of five feet and eight inches like a good girl, staring at Preacher-man who’s settling into the podium laying out his preaching notes along with opening his Bible to the Sunday lesson for today as I softly sing on-key. I slice my eyeballs right at the pretty stained and cut glass windows that narrate some type of Bible moment then cut my eyelashes to the right where there stands more windows that block the pretty sunrays into the church wondering if the old farts know that would happen in 1819 when the clay brick was first baked and laid into the brown soil.
The windows pretty in vivid colors of bold reds, greens, blues, yellows, oranges and maybe a touch of gold but it makes the auditorium look and feel dark since this is supposed to the house of Almighty God, not a creepy Hollywood movie set. I sing rounding my eyeballs to the beautifully arched cathedral ceiling that I bet no body has cleaned, since 1819, then arch my back muscles sneaking my skull backwards to peek-a-boo at Cinta and see Garth, who’s smiles and nods his skull, once at me. I giggle and grin not wanting to alert Mama to any distress. So, he isn’t a chicken shit of my Daddy as I slowly move my head back in the duckling line-up then pace my eyeballs down each row of folks on the right that makes up the entire family tree of Warfields. I see that every single space is occupied with shoulders and skulls all the way to the first row as I stand on my tippy toes with the new revelation as I lift my eyeballs to the floor.
Mama explained to me the particular church tradition was formed by a silly seating arrangement inside my little church since all the Warfield clan occupies every single space on six benches on the right side of the auditorium confirmed by my eyesight with Mr. and Mrs. Warfield on the aisle seating. Sevens sons and one daughter sit and stare at the preacher-man on the last row. The other Warfield’s cousins along with their aunts and uncles occupy the other five rows with their matriarch Grandma and Grandpa Warfield…(that’s their names)…slap dab in the middle row as Grandpa likes to hang his elbow on the arm rest.
I shuffle my eyeballs to the first row on the left side that holds the entire Actworth clan that lives in Apollo along with their wheelchairs which occupy twice the body space of a regular person holding five wheelchairs on each row because the benches have been removed allowing for the double-wide space. I don’t have to stand on my tippy toes since I can clearly see the rear of Beck’s skull in the third row right beside his Mama’s wheelchair with his Daddy guards the open aisle. In front of Beck are his six brothers and their wives who live in a wheelchair, too. And, behind Beck’s hair cowlick are three more rows of Beck’s aunts, uncles, and cousins with both his grandparents occupying the fourth row as I swing my eyelashes parallel to the Actworth fourth row which is slightly right across from Warfield grandparents on the right as I ponder the intriguing facts. All the Actworth clan live inside wheelchairs which I was told that they all possessed the degenerating muscular disease in their legs making me wonder why Mrs. Actworth who carries the same DNA gene that cripples her would want to pass that medical condition along to another generation. I can understand Mr. and Mrs. Actworth desiring one biological child but they had seven sons as I bow my head through the prayer and automatically quote from my long term memory the Lord’s Prayer.
I sit after the praying while Preacher-man starts his boring sermon of something in Matthew number something inside chapter number something while I peek-a-boo the cell from my pocket after feeling the vibration on my hip from Cinta’s texting and read.
Do you need help with homework?
I text. Yes.
Meet me at the creek bottom in the ATV and don’t forget the book. Cinta texts.
I giggle then Mama pops her pointy elbow into my right bicep while I shut down the cell or she’s act like a real Mama and grabs my phone from my hand which she has done in the past. I’ll be glad when her leg has healed making her a nicer person.
I lift my chin from my lap staring at Preacher-man as he moves his arms and fingers then ponder how the entire clan acquired the disease since I’m not a physician and don’t plan to become one actually I don’t plan to become nothing but a farmer as I softly giggle then wonder if there’s cure being developed with the newer medical research but Beck told me that plans to be a doctor for that very reason as I jiggle my numb butthole on the overstuffed velveteen padded bench. I feel the vibration again inside my pocket but dare not expose my cell as I slowly lean my torso down to eyeball Cinta who’s doing the same movement presenting duck lips, ugly giving her the visual signal, Don’t text.
Cinta nods her head as I slam my shoulder blades back into the hard wood feeling excited about driving my new ATV for the first time which I could do this morning since I awoke before seven out of total excitement and dressed in jeans stomping down the steps upon meeting Mama and Daddy sitting around and drinking a cup of coffee as my mouth opened like a hunger shark.
Daddy silently shakes his head while reading my wicked teen’s thoughts which parents seem to be able to do without ya figuring out how so I spent first fifteen minutes reliving the famous moments of my birthday party…last night that Mama and Daddy like to share for some weird reason with me since I was present always thinking this is their last birthday gala with me on Planet Earth. The next fifteen minutes with Daddy’s lecture on ATV care, maintenance, and driving rules as I roll the words on the top of my gray matter. 
Daddy starts. “Driving an ATV is diff from steering a car or motorcycle. This model is a sports utility for outback among the flat or rolling hills for fun riding. It does have some good hauling capacity to tote firewood or hay bales via the operator’s manual but you are under no circumstances to drive like them rednecks did last night still ya can hurt or kill someone including yourself, understand, Risa?” That’s the cue to talk when asked a single question by an elder authority as I nod my skull, once.
“Yes, sir.” I quote fondly for both love and respect of my biological parents.
Daddy continues. “This model is not designed for mountainous uneven terrain and lucky we don’t have any mountains here…(chuckles)…the little cart has lots of new suspension travel, good load bearings and lots of pulling capacity. I know these funny words don’t mean much but it translates into a very important smooth ride for your delicate body along our farm land, not to be used for any reason or excuse on the public roadways not even between our house and Cinta’s, do I make my words clear?”
“Yes, sir.” I quote for a second time for a second moment of love and respect.
Daddy ends with a smile. “Good. The ATV vehicles are known to be hard on your back causing sometimes spine damage or bone jarring ride on your bee_hind. Do these words ring a bell, Risa?”
“Yes, sir.” I quote stomping my boots from the breakfast chair then stomp out the kitchen while stomping nosily up the stairs, down the hallway, into my room and changing into my Sunday dress.
I feel the vibration inside my pocket as Cinta texts me, again. I don’t react turning off my mind of Cinta’s distress and pondering Beck’s upcoming distress thinking how to save him from humiliation on Novena Festival. There are a few options available to me for replacing Lara Lee whom I don’t really like and am not even friends with that include a) ask her to step down…b) beat the shit out of her face…c) kill her and hide the body. I giggle with amusement the odd direction that my brain functions for becoming the newest serial killer in the USA.
I like the last option, C landing me in jail or some other place, not nice and cozy with a set of ten fluffy marshmallows dancing on top of my hot chocolate beverage that Mama serves to me at Breakfast. I quickly eliminated that option. I can utilize option, B, because I can beat the crap out of Lara Lee. I did in the Third-grade when she pushed me off the see-saw pad when my bee_hind was comfortably seating. Then, I socked-it-to-her by way of a blackened her left eye socket with my expert fighting right folded fist as taught by my Daddy, marking our permanent warship…(get it, not friendship)….foreverly.
I will be a wussie baby and ask her to step down as Harvest Empress. That’s the safety and most logical option which will be…not easy…if Cinta’s hot gossip is true and my entire Senior classmates are inside traders of the hokes. I must fight figuratively with some other 48 faces of blackened eye sockets. I slowly lean my torso forward and peek-a-boo at Garth since he likes me and wants to kiss me, again. He might be a good alley for me and might even threaten Lara Lee if my sweet iced tea charm can’t mix with her tart tea leafs. I giggle softly listening to the boring preacher-man.

Patillo Farm. Patio. 1:23pm. Daddy follows me outside padding towards the barn where we keep my new toy, instructing. “Ya go no more then 20 miles-per-hour on flat soil, if ya hit a hill lots more slower, girl. Okay?” I hug Daddy then he swings towards the outdoors.
I pace my boot toes out the barn doors while I smile with an evil grin touching the lavender painted engine hood with my right index finger then track the smooth metal that Daddy cleaned for me right after Sunday preaching since that cowboys get dirt and mud upon my new baby.
I trace my right index finger to the edge of the metal then follow it with my eyeballs lining the tire fender of the left front wheel then walk around then raise my finger feeling the smooth metal of the lavender door then stop my hand at the door handle gently squeezing the hard plastic like popping a zit as the latch cracks open. I slowly open the door as the breeze catches the light weight metal teasing it shut then I jerk it with my girly muscles while the metal mice squeaks fully open. I slide my folded body into the cool lavender and cold leather seats that match the outside paint job slamming the door shut and locking it tight, since Daddy reminded me to do that about 1,000 time then slap my ten finger pads onto the round steering wheel caressing up and down around the tough leather that paints black cold leather grinning with a wicked smile.
I ease my right hand to the small ignition switch which is rounded silver with a hanging silver plated galloping horse, since we are a horse and cow ranch. I giggle with a girly twang at my Daddy’s love for me then twist the key forward. Those fifty-ponies inside the engine roar like tiny mountain cubs while I grin with a wicked smile. I press the gas pedal without moving the stick into “D” to let the ponies rear and roar then release the pedal jerking into first gear for my first pleasure ride in my pleasure roadster without the road as I snort like a wild boar. I suck the motorcycle helmet over my long brushy hair securing the tiny strip under my chin then grin and putt-putt like a crawling baby out the wide double set of barn doors into the bright sunshine light turning to the right as I pad on the flat soil towards the horse pasture.
I slowly chug my way up a small hillside by pressing the gas pedal as I feel the engine roar like a jungle cat while hunting its prey but Daddy still watches by his spying binoculars as my back muscles ting with extreme caution. I encounter my first true trail obstacle a patch of plowed up field which shows rows of button nose-like dirt in a vertical direction from my horizontal pathway as I hit the first dirt pile at 15 MPH then the wheels actually bounce one-at-a-time up into the air like a rearing pony with the right front up then down while the left passenger tire soars up then down then the left back tire lifts up then down bringing in the right back tire up then down as I bounce like loose set of basketball released from the barrel while my open bottle of soda wiggles and spills into the holder. I slow the engine down to 5 MPH but it’s still a rough go with tiny ant-like mountains of plowed field before I reach the grass plane.
The four tires bounce my inners loose from the tissue walls. Well, it felt like it. The passenger back tire rolls onto the flat ground then release my webbing over my precious body and I kick it into the maximum possible speed like a cheetah while I upright my torso over the steering wheel column while planting my left boot firmly inside the low floorboard bending at the kneecap. I stomp my right boot sole pressing the gas pedal all the way to the floor as the aerodynamic wind created by the me ferociously blows through my nose guard whacking painfully like fighter jet exhaust on my exposed eyeballs, mouth and lips thinking I need to carry around a pair of sunglasses and a jar of Vaseline because my lips are going to be red and raw for a little while. I quickly glance with my eyeballs at the speed-o-meter seeing that the little red needle struggles to reach that 50 MPH mark since I fight drag upon the rough bumpy grass and knock a few limestone rocks out of my pathway so I press with a heavy foot for more power as the little engine roaring like a captured lion for my victory lap.
I hit the property line clearing the busted fence post, without fear or damage sailing down the hill with inertia as I easy my boot off the pedal then run into the soggy creek bottom that’s before our rendezvous point at the picnic table when the front tires hits the mud sorta stalls but putts and slides the ATV to the left out of control as my right rib cage and breast hits the wheel when my left hip hits the door keeping me inside the vehicle which is wonderful since I’ve have explain why I’m covered in brown mud with a red bloody nose on my first outing at 30 MPH or less.
I swiftly fall into the leather seat and quickly compensate the twirling transport by turning the stubborn steering column to the right with defeat as the ATV slides in a completely rotation without any gas to the motor while I catch my breathing and slow my rapid heart beating from the scary impact and thrilling excitement of off-roading as I giggle with a girly twang.
I nosily inhale then slowly exhale with a calm heart rate and normal pulse then gently tap on one flick of the gas pedal as the torque pulls the tires into the south direction until I cross the five feet wide soggy mud then I gingerly press the gas pedal venturing towards two figures that wave and stand beside the picnic table.
I meet and greet Cinta with a fake smile and a sore bee_hindie as I sorta slow then halt the ATV parking right beside the hand-crafted Oak wooden rectangular picnic table that holds five people on each long bench and two people on the shorter bench which can eat fourteen sets of mouths since the Warfield family is big. The picnic table lounges outside the tiny Indian hut but entirely hollowed and make from wood staves outside and inside instead of animal skin with a wooden floor for sleeping or something more fun that locates on their property line at the far southeastern corner of our farm. I remove my helmet first laying inside the passenger seat while giggling.
Garth fingers the sky touching the equipment. “The sun’s the next nearest object 93,699,454 miles from us. Just to the left of the sun, we see the planet of Mercury in the northern hemisphere, which is a third of the sun’s distance from us. A bit further to the left is Saturn, currently visible low in the western sky just after sunset, if you are interested stargazer. Off to the right of the sun in the northern hemisphere are the planets of Mars and Jupiter, visible in the morning sky, just before sunrise,” turning to me. “I bet it’s a plush ride,” moves from his solider stance looking at the toy not me.
“Plush.” I lie, since the ride is rough on my body bouncing my jaw line and bones into rattling faster then a snake tail, thinking. I’ll wear more pillow-type padding around my butthole and upper thighs.
“Let’s ride, now.” Cinta gallops like a horse to the other side of the door.
“Garth gets to entertain himself, first, while we finish my homework?” I offer because I plan to extort a kiss or two from that ride as Garth eyeballs the ATV bobbing his skull like a farm pony while I sway my body side to side hoping for his same mouth drool which will be later on my lips. Garth folds his tallness into the driver’s seat patting the console and wheel like a live snake with a big goofy smile then cranks the engine as he slowly putt-putts towards one of the work wood shreds that houses cans of food and bottles of water for any type of woodlands adventure or hunting trip during the proper season.
I bob my skull up and down like a fairy princess and order. “Look, ya do these problems then you can drive it back and I’ll take ya home. Agreed?”
Cinta sings in alto clarinet. “Ugh…that’s blackmail, Risa.”
“Naw. It’s going to take me all night to finish my homework. So please just do the problems then I’ll reward ya with a driving lesson. It’s not as easy as it looks, Cinta.” I 
Cinta complains. “Both blackmail and exhortation, Risa. Ya know you could make a good living as a con woman, thief, and bank robber if’an you fail your courses in college….” I ignore Cinta’s whining since she will bend to my command because she wants to drive my ATV or wear my new but old Prom dress as I giggle with a girly twang and.
I walk towards the Hut made of real Oak tree brown bark on the outside with sandy smooth lumber planks making up the interior of the slight 90 degree tepee structure when I watched as a little girl at the age of four years old the Warfield boys chop down the vertical Oak logs along the south field then chop up the rolled logs with a set of individual chain saws while wearing a set of silver lined jumpsuits, cowboy hats, and white rounded masks to keep the tree sawdust out of their eyeballs, nose holes, and eardrums. Then they nailed and hammered the vertical staves into a long horizontal picnic table with two long benches and two short benches and a cute hut for me and Cinta to pretend as a Fairy Princess Tower as I firmly stroke with my right five finger pads the outside decoration of squirrel skins that line between the bald spots of the old tree bark commenting on the white soft fur. “I didn’t know albino squirrels existed in our woodlands…,” noting a new skin scalpel of black and white fur like a dead skunk.
Cinta giggles, “Dead cat.”
“What?” I jerk my hand from the white skin and the black skin, sneering.
“When the old cats die Owen likes to preserve their earth-bound memories so he nails them soft furry skins onto the hut.” Cinta comments and chuckles as I gag with disgust doing an about face from the side of the hut and busy my person at the new machine growing from the forest grass.
“What’s this?” I inquire strolling in a completed circle around the vertical man-made object without touching it fearing its fossilized rattlesnake in disgust and disguise. The stand has three sets of feet looking like a set of eagle’s talons digging nicely into the brown dirt curved from the Oak wood like a bird’s claw that steadies the stand in either dirt or mud as I jerk with my strong right hand the middle part of the vertical stand for endurance passing with an A+ but that’s Garth straight laced and straight A+ as I giggle with a girly twang and Cinta writes in my notepad the answers to the Algebra questions and.
She explains. “Garth’s stupid project for his Future Farmer class so he can get a good grade. Why bother is beyond my neurons? I just want to be finished with school and start college with the real bad boys…”
“Bobby Joe is a real bad boy…” quoting a true factual statement as I note with eyeballs and hands the weird machine on top of the stand looks like a pair of pregnancy binoculars with side bumps round the left, right and top smooth lines of metal. “A telescope…it’s really nifty.” I touch the cool black metal feeling the roughness of the metal texture like a set of big puffy black zits as it is holds securely inside another bird’s claw with the talons pointing towards the heavens then I shake the binoculars testing the strength as it holds in place.
“I know.” Cinta whispers but it catches my eardrums as I roller ball my pupils into the rear of my skull swinging my face back to the pregnant-like binoculars ready to pop out baby binoculars searching into the framed eye glass made for both your real eye pupils.
The podium tilts upward towards the heavens as I lower it down even with the dirt then spy with my eyeballs bright white wooden barn then I jerk my face from the binoculars not seeing a physical barn without my excellent 20/15 vision because my brain cells knows that barn is with two miles as I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity. “How far does a person’s normal eyesight see, girl best?”
Cinta lectures writing down numbers in the notepad. “The curvature of Planet Earth gets in the way of your eyes so you can only see in a straight line at 2.9 miles using your normal eyesight while dust, water vapors, and pollution in the air waves let you see no more than 12 miles even on a clear day. On the top peak of Mt. Everest, your eyes can see 211 miles but clouds do block some of that distance. If’an you look up into the stars on a clear night, you can see the Andromeda Galaxy with the naked eye which is 2.25 million lights years away. Or if you perceive that an object is a twinkle of light which is called an arcminute of a subtend angle which is one sixtieth of a degree then the full moon is 30 arcminutes across while Venus is barely covers one arcminute across…”
I swing my face towards her back muscles and challenge. “What babble is that, Cinta?”
“For you simple mind, Risa, you can see two headlights of a car at two miles….and I am all done with your homework, Risa. You, girl best own me…mega big time for this…,” shares and smiles Cinta standing from the picnic table as I pony-prance to the side surface eye burning the note book and.
I finger and complain in flute music. “These are only the answers.”
“The right answers…,” smiles Cinta watching something behind my shoulders as I lift the note book to my face examining her work.
“I’ll only get half credit in Algebra without showing the math work behind the answer, Cinta.”
“Ya blackmail your way then I ransom my way, girl best.” Cinta reminds with a bright smile as Garth pulls up in a shiny clean ATV as the lavender paint twinkles in the sunlight.
I drop my mouth exposing my pink tongue. “Ya cleaned it, thanks, Garth.”
“Its got a good power curve with nice nimble handling with a liquid-cooled, 749cc, four-stroke V-twin power plant and an automatic CVT that gives ya the option of high and low range in two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive. If you run on the low range, your max speed is 60-miles-per-hour, but to engage the four-wheel drive, ya need to slow to speeds of ten-miles-per-hour and below…”
“Ya going to be an engineering major in college, Garth?”
“Naw. I ain’t going to college. I’m a cowboy for the rest of my life, right here.” Garth smiles sweetly at me and continues. “All the controls are easy to reach from the driver’s cockpit that includes setting my beer here…(winks at me)…my gun there and my special gifts inside the glove compartment for those special moments…”
I ask. “What special moments?”
Cinta stands beside the driver’s door, scratching nasty her kitty-claws on his naked bicep. “Get out Garth! It’s my turn!” Garth clicks open the handle sliding his boots on the soil as Cinta drops her skull under his arms scooting into seat and guns the engine then flies off faster than the space shuttle towards the soggy creed bottom for fun and aggravation since Garth spent more of his time washing the thing then driving the thing.
Garth inquires studying the ATV. “I enjoy a smooth mellow ride going slo mo. Wonder, what it does in fast mode?”
“Bone jarring mount…,” whispering softly for my eardrums as Cinta swiftly drives off towards the soggy mud.
Garth watches the tail lights flare with danger slowing the ATV over the wet ground, snarling. “I just cleaned your cart.”
I sit on top of the picnic table with my right leg crossed over my left leg waving my right leg up and down leaning my chin toward my kneecap with my left arm hugging my breasts and my right hand cupped to my chin as I talk in my new sexy husky alto. “I just cleaned your cart.” Garth neck snaps his skull so fast his eyeballs spin towards the left then plasters a great big goofy smile on his handsome golden tan face while his bangs flutter like butterflies in the cool breeze blowing from the west. I smile back at him.
Garth manly struts in my direction stepping his left cowboy upon the edge of the wooden bench of the picnic table tipping his hat back away from his pretty aquamarine pupils still grinning and slightly giggles like a girl and says. “I just cleaned your cart. I guess. I’ll just do it, again.”
I giggle, talking in my new sexy husky alto. “Just do it, again.” I wink flirting with the boy, since Cinta’s enjoying the ATV. My parents are enjoying their afternoon Sunday catnap along with my homework’s done for the week.
Garth cuts his eyelids towards the skyline. “Looks like rain them clouds are getting pretty dark. I didn’t like getting my T-shirt wet,” pulls on the collar. “Guess, we should park it inside the hut until the threat passes.” I view the old hut. Cinta and I pretended to be cowgirl princesses that needed rescuing, while our parents roasted hotdogs and hamburgers during the summertime outing with the Warfield-empire. They have eight kids, fitting five or less. The interior planks of platform measures about eight feet long by six feet wide and a funky ten feet high which peaks like a mountain top towards the wooden ceiling.
I return my eyeballs to see the golden five finger pads soar at my left shoulder when five more pads grab my right bicep then magically I fly like a bird in the air. I giggle with delight while Garth gently shuffles me off the picnic table towards his body. I land on two boots. We dance backwards in slo poke waltz towards the hut’s entrance which doesn’t have a doorway only a triangle shaped opening for easy in and out. This is a child’s cowboy playhouse where I’m about to play with my new cowboy. I giggle with amusement.
Garth moves me steady like an airplane when my boots get entwined with his Bigfoot toes. He lifts me two inches from the dirt. “Ya can’t drive a car. Ya can’t dance. Ya can’t eat your cake. What in tarnation can you do, cow girl?” I giggle with silliness at his stupid banter.
I try to defend my honor but my brain cells only think of one nasty mental activity that I have never done physically. I giggle with a girly twang then propose in my new sexy alto. “Cowgirls are good for something that cowboys might know about.”
“I guess. They’re at that.” Garth says with a goofy grin as we stop in front of the triangle entrance way. Garth fingers the opening. “Ya head in first and spread out the folded blanket in the corner. The wood absorbs some of the captured morning moisture under the planks making the staves very cool on your hands.” I giggle with delight then quickly swing my body towards the opening. I slowly lean my torso towards the first set of planks stomping two palms on the cool staves as my body cat-walks towards the middle and my right kneecap touches the first plank. Then I feel two large palms grab firmly and stop my wiggling hips as I nosily gasp then giggle with delight.
I stretch my neck, giraffe-like to the right seeing Garth directly behind my bee_hind as he drops his face into the top angle of the triangle and orders. “Remove your boots! The dirt imprints on the wet wood leaving a bad odor….”
“Shore.” I word then gracefully flip my entire body like a flying whale landing onto my bee_hind while slowly raising my right leg and offering my right boot into his face for Garth’s pleasure as he chuckles.
“I guess ya found out what cowboys are good for, huh?”
“Guess I did for removing fine pieces of lady leather and lace.”
“Where’s the lace, lady?”
“Ya got find it, cowboy.” Garth firmly pulls my right boot from my thin bones along with the cotton sock stuffing it inside the boot then tucking it under his left armpit. I raise the left leg presenting my left boot then he copies-cat the same procedure, while we both giggle and grin with fun. I slowly drop my left leg stretching both legs in a straight pin position, winking. Garth grins and grunts. I slide my body using strong biceps, ten finger pads, and my hips towards the middle of the flooring then elegantly twist my body into a cat-pose with my palms and kneecaps on the floor. I wiggle my bee_hindie strutting towards the three folded blankets on my right side as Garth chuckles like a silly clown.
I grab the blanket then upright on my kneecaps back sliding my body into the slightly arched wall swinging both arms as the blanket flies temporarily like a kite than lands in a messy outstretched sorta flat plain. I reach and touch the blanket feeling the coolness from the moist staves making up the flooring and grab and float the second wool blanket over the first one then touch it. I feel more warmth with the two pads, enough thou, the upcoming action might make the room a little too heated. I giggle and crawl on fours (palms and kneecaps) across the blanket then sit cross-legged like an Indian watching Garth dance around in the dirt like a silly chicken removing his right boot with success. He lands his fanny on the edge of the first set of staves then pulls his left boot and sock off and places his pair of boots right beside mine in the low corner of the hut. Then, he twists his body landing in a dog-pose with palms and kneecaps grinning at me as I giggle with girly twang while he slo mo moves his right palm forward then his left palm forward, then his right kneecap follows. His left kneecap comes advancing towards me.
The invisible butterflies flutter inside my tummy tickling my organs with delight all the way up to tight lungs. I breathe in a set of shallow grunts causing my heart organ to thump so hard that I might faint from over excitement and anticipation while blinking my eyelashes over and over again signaling my brain cells to do something to control my beating heart but it isn’t working. My palms sweat and my mouth drools with thick salvia while watching Garth slowly doggie walk towards me like a big grizzle bear that growls in a low ‘b-flat.’ I grin and giggle then swiftly dive towards the end of the blanket under Garth’s chest, abs, and legs as Garth lands his bulk sideways on his left being kind enough not to stomp my skull and back muscles as he yelps like puppy. “Hey!”
I twist then flip my limber body around facing him as he lies sideways flexing both biceps to hold that pose with a really bad snarl on his cute pinks lips along with the captured alligator sound as I smile presenting the tiny green lizard in my left five finger pads and announce. “Saved the little fellow!” Garth giggles and grins bobbing his skull at me while I twist my waist to the left returning the lizard back into the woodlands.
“You’re a sweetheart…,” compliments and chuckles on Garth patiently waiting for my next girly move as I quickly slid my body along the blanket into a straight pin plopping onto my back muscles staring up into his dancing aqua pupils when Garth gently descends and shadows me from skull to naked toe bones then suddenly stops as his biceps bulk and strain flexing their strength as he hovers magically over me with a goofy smile then slo mo lowers his skull only directly at my lips with his dancing eyeballs stinging my blinking eyelashes as we giggle and grin then softly plows his lips into mine and tenderly kisses them while I close my eyelashes exploding my mind, heart, and soul into an array of colorful fireworks. I guess this is called love.
Garth parts his lips, first, from the warmth of my flesh as coldness hits my lips reactivating my eyelashes open as I see Garth’s goofy grin staring into my face along with my stupid smile then he slowly descends his body upon my entire body covering me with his fine form while we giggle and grin like little kiddies at Play Recess. He scoots his leg arm under my neck like a pillow then kisses my lips for a second time while I suddenly recall that I didn’t see that mental vision on this kiss but the colorful fireworks kept getting in the way of my mental thought processes as I giggle while Garth gently lies his weigh over my body that feels good thinking that he’s crash my rib cage but my rib cage, heart organ and lungs work perfectly holding him over me. Garth releases the kiss from my lips then moves his mouth and muzzles like a horse nose my jaw line then kisses it then muzzles my right cheekbone and kisses it then muzzles my forehead and kisses it.
He lifts his face, commenting and chuckling. “I guess I’ll save the rest on the honeymoon.” I giggle then wrinkle my forehead, ugly after my brain matter has processed that English sentence since my neurons are dancing to a different beat than my heart at the moment.
“Save the rest on the honeymoon?” I repeat with puzzlement and confusion.
“Ya know, that comes after the wedding in the big Methodist church on Cedar Road.”
“We’re getting married?” I translate with more puzzlement and confusion.
“I’m glad you accepted, cowgirl.”
“Garth!?”
“Cowgirl…I love you.” I struggle upright on my elbows as Garth holds my collar bone with both his hands, smiling. “Let me explain!” He continues to smile and story tells. “I have known ya since birth…well…literally we’re born in the same year since I’m older but we’re birthed in the same hospital, the same town, the same place…here in Apollo. And, here is where I belong. You teased me about college…(shakes skull sideways)….I don’t desire to leave here for college…anywhere on Planet Earth, Risa. I don’t need the formal education that a farm teaches ya. I love the farm, the open sky, the horses, and you. You and I are alike, cowgirl. You love your farm, the horizon that sails for miles over green colored grass, the horses and….me.” He pauses for beauty as I smile since I possess really weird feelings for him especially since I stole that kiss on my birthday at midnight which I don’t think Garth knows anything about my secret invasion as he continues. “We’ll graduate in this May out of High School then start our new life our farmers that the only thing I want. I bet inside your heart that the only thing you really want, right?” I nod my skull, once in silence since I do feel close to my farm, not really wanting to go off to college but my parents have this great big dream for me.
He chuckles. “I know. People says that a newly married couple has the rest of their days to understand each other’s will or wants but I feel like that I understand you already, Risa. Ya like eating like me. Ya like riding horses like me. Ya like saving helpless critters like me…(smiles)…see how alike we are, Risa. But, I bet ya can come up with some more likes between us.” He pauses for study then continues. “And, I feel that life’s too short to waste time figuring out what your mate likes or dislikes when you can have the right one…from the get-go to share in a world that ya’ll both love and don’t want ever leave. I have admired your girly toughness for years, Risa. You’re what I like. I hope I’m what you like.” He pauses for beauty. “I feel that I’ve been a part of your life seeing ya everyday at school, every Sunday at church, watching ya twirl your baton in your sexy shiny bikini…(chuckles)….then when ya stay over with Cinta every single Friday or Saturday night since ya’ll were six years old…”
“You’re a stalker, boy?”
“You’re only stalker, babe. And…if’an I find out there’s another hunger wolf grazing near my filly….well…I ain’t promising nothin’…” I giggle with amusement that my hand picked cowboy is ready and willing to defend my honor right here with fists and blood as he continues. “We are meant to be…Risa.” He kisses my lips so tenderly and softly then removes the warmth that sizzles my restless brain cells and melts my gushy heart then he asks sweetly. “Like the stars that a line every night in the sky for the natives to view and admire with a purpose we’re destined to be together, forever.”
“Foreverly…,” whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings as I smile, studying his smile, his eyes, his smooth golden complexion the way his bangs dance over his forehead and really do feel love or maybe lust since this is only the fourth kiss by a fellow in my entire life but Garth makes some good arguments that we do need each other, foreverly.
Garth whispers so softly into my face. “Please, ponder my words. Please, search in your heart for a place for me and wander through your neurons about us and see what’da find, cowgirl.” I smile, bobbing my skull up and down slowly since I do know what I’ll find but I won’t say these three words loudly or easily now as I focus my eyeballs out the triangle door noting the dusk settling across the hilltop.
“Fiddlesticks! It’s only dark.” I upright on my elbows, struggling my horiztional body as Garth uprights his torso away from into a cat-pose crawling on four (palms and kneecaps) towards the doorway while collecting my boots as I settle on the flat staves slipping on my right sock and worrying. “Daddy’s going to be worried. Where’s my cell? I bet he has…” I slap my left hand which is empty to my forehead which doesn’t hurt and remember. “I leave it inside the glove compartment of the ATV. Hot dangling, Mama’s going to both worried and mad.”
“But, ya got permission to leave the farm for your homework. Right, Risa?”
“Not all afternoon until sunset, time to ride home. Where’s Cinta?” I inquire with my kitty-cat curiosity as she magically appears over the hilltop going around the soggy mud creek since she learned the first time like me as I finish dressing my feet jogging in the middle of the grass holding both arms in a “V” pattern for her to approach me.
“Risa, it’s too dark outside for you to drive the ATV home. It ain’t a truck with wide bright headlights for seeing deer leaping…”
“Stop with the deer jokes! I’m serious. I must go home, now.”
“I drive ya.”
“Yay, babe! Then Daddy’ll have both a heart attack and a hit with his loaded Colt .45 on stand-by on top of his night stand like a trained assassin on you, cowboy. I have been forbidden to date boys…,” confessing with both heart and soul.
“I like that concept since I’m it….”
“It, spit man…Daddy and Mama will birth kittens if’an you drive me home in your truck with my ATV in the back of the bed. I’m supposed to be working with Cinta to finish my homework.”
“Ya did.”
“Cinta did my homework for me. So we could have a private conference, because I blackmailed her,” giggling. “Daddy really will tan my bee_hind, if he sees you with me, here, because I can’t extort my Daddy or Mama.”
“Risa, I’m very concerned about the dim lighting especially over the landscape you can’t see the rabbit holes or the snake nests with the low intensity tiny headlights on the ATV….and Cinta can’t be your co-navigator…see we do think alike. Because, Mama will tear me a new one if’an Cinta is out and about in the darkness since I’m her big bro watching over my baby sister if’an she gets hurt with your lousy driving…”
“Naw.”
“Yes, Risa. You’re a very…not very good at some stuff….” He stops then continues. “Looky, how about this idea. I take you and the ATV down Pine Road until we hit the creek bridge then drop you and vehicle off the shoulder of the roadside then ya turn left head down a flat plain with no hills or exposed ditches. That’s your side of house yard which you know like the back of your hand. Just turn to the right traveling behind one of the many barns so’s your Daddy don’t see ya flying back then park it inside the barn. You’re home and safe on first base.”
“Great idea. I love it.”
“Do you love anything else?”
“Maybe….” I wink my eyelash, right as Garth cuddles me into his T-shirt while Cinta slides the ATV into our boot toes with the headlights beaming on our jeans as she opens the door standing next to the ATV which covered from helmet to boot toes in brown mud, white sand, and chapped lips.
“That was fun! Bring the thing, tomorrow, too, Risa since ya need to complete your Algebra by Friday.” I drop my mouth open like a hunger shark, staring at the brown color that hides the pretty lavender stomping my boots to the engine hood and swishing my two finger pads over the heated metal.
“Cinta, it’s wet…and completely covered with both sand and mud.” I complain as Garth pads beside me, wiping his hand over the front tire fender and smelling the elements with his nostrils and bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony as I burn red hot fireballs into Cinta’s smile and crash her windpipe with my non-Tele power of Telekinesis that I learned from my favorite science fiction e-novels which doesn’t seen to be working properly.
Garth cuddles me inside his T-shirt and advises. “It’s okay, Risa. Your Daddy’ll believe that your really drove to the property line and back if it’s was cleaner than my dinner-plate,” chuckles. “He might get suspicious, otherwise.”
“Fiddlesticks, let’s go. I got to go home, now.” I order with a motherly tone as Garth slides into the driver’s seat pedaling slowly the ATV towards his 4 x 4 jacked up truck while Cinta and I slowly walk behind allowing Garth to set up the ramp pads for driving the ATV into the truck bed.
Cinta bounces on her wet boots, clapping her hands with delight after driving the fun machine. “Come, right here directly after school, Risa. I promise to do all your Algebra homework this week Monday through Friday then you can mate with Garth…”
“What?” I frown.
“I take all the credit for hooking ya up with Garth, so don’t be so shy. He’s perfect for ya…”
“Billy Jack?” I raise both my eyebrows at her.
She giggles. “I like having two beaus vying for my undivided attention. I handle Billy Jack for ya. Come, right here! So, I can drive the ATV. Done deal, girl-best!”
“Handle Billy Jack? Fiddlesticks, I can handle a live rattlesnake better and swifter then handling Billy Jack. You better be very careful, Cinta, you’ll get a reputation other than a cowgirl hanging with Billy Jack and his twin Bobby Joe. And, I can’t come back here tomorrow, Cinta. Mama’d suspect something, since we don’t have homework, every night, only every other night.”
“Don’t worry, honey. Garth protects my Southern belle reputation. That’s why he and I are in the same grade.”
“I thought he got so sick and missed so much school that the School Principle failed him the First Grade.”
“Naw. Where ya here that rumor? His birthday is later in the year. When it was discovered by the Superintendent of the School District then my parents were ordered to remove Garth from his First Grade class. So, then, we both started First Grade, together like twins or aliens or something weird. And, only you would remember when homework is not assigned, Risa. Hot dangling, well, then think of something...”
“But, you said…,” shaking my curls. “Naw! I exaggerate about stuff way too much which might get me grounded along with me permanently exiled from you…”
“Ya mean, Garth. I got that subtle non-verbal hint. Yeah! Your Mama is big problem when it comes to your teen love life. What we going to do about that, girl-best?”
I giggle with entertainment. “Assassination is always an viable option since we live in the sticks….literally without indoor toilets, a/c, and cable TV burying a body is pretty easy since we don’t know the sheriff too well…”
“An excellent point, that part-time law man can’t be trusted but don’t have any brains maybe inside his worn cowboy boots. He does walk upright like a hairy ape…” Cinta dumps with nonsense as I giggle with entertainment at her impromptu play acting with my imagination since I would never ever harm my parents.
“We have to rid of Daddy, too, so the entire farm can be mine, foreverly.”
“Hmm! Ya got a great imagination, Risa. You should major in English Lit and write horror novels for living. That’s a good career…”
“Naw. I be a farmer.”
Cinta suddenly stops walking as my body jerk backwards from my sisterly arm hug. I view her distorted features. She says. “We…are both attending a post-educational institution to…not be dusty dirt covered farmers, Risa. Why ya say that?”
“I…might naught be going to college…”
“Why not, because of your High School grades? Well they’re poorly presented on paper, honey but your smarter than paper. And, don’t worry about your SAT testing I’m going to help you study, again. Well, you really don’t need to study, again. You can be accepted with your current SAT score just send in the paperwork to Burn U for processing the school’s counselor can help ya there. What’s your ACT score?”
We continue walking as I complain. “But, Garth isn’t going to college with you and me…”
“Yes. He is. We’re enrolled at Burn U to start in the summertime. We, three will have time…”
“But, Garth told me…”
“Told ya what, honey?” Cinta frowns at me.
I bite my lower lip and narrow my eyelashes, pondering. I missed something. I say. “You haven’t taken the ACT testing, yet. We’re going to go with me in January when my Mama requested that I re-take the test for a better score so’s I don’t have to take the rudimentary English and Math class.”
“I took it with ya in the summertime search your brain cells remember at Montgomery High School since Apollo High’s to stupid to have proper instructors to administer a Federal government test. We sit right next to get other…well, not really since we were required to sit between empty chairs like anyone could cheat on a handwritten essay test. Remember, girl best?” Cinta present bull frog eyeballs as I bite my lower lip and narrow my eyelashes pondering something that I missed.
“I remember taking the SAT in the summertime.” I recall vividly with my brain cell sitting two chairs apart from other SAT testers but I do not remember Cinta being with me.
“See, girl-best! You be done with all your college application testing so just spent the rest of your High School days passing your High School courses then we be free of Apollo, Alabama and really have some big girl fun in the big bad Metro City of B’ham with some big boys…
“You’re engaged…”
“What?”
“What about Billy Jack?”
“He’s going to college with us. That’s you, me, Garth, Bobby Joe…”
“Can he even read?” I chuckle like a turkey inside my throat vocals.
“Of course silly girl even rednecks can read books and writes their name. So, this afternoon just tell that to the school counselor on Monday instead of prepping for another test.”
“Monday…like tomorrow Monday with the Apollo’s school counselor?” I repeat while biting my lower lip narrowing my eyelashes like I missed something.
“You have an appointment to discuss your grades with that old maiden just tell her what you want to do, Risa not what your Mama wants done. She’s not the one going to college since her life’s here on the farm with her horses.” Cinta lectures as the engine roars like a baby cub with the tiny 50 horsepower while Garth slams the brakes discs which keeps the metal front brush guard from bending violently against the steady thick workman’s tool box made of very heavy steel inside his trunk bed as Garth literally sails like bird the machine into the air waves for…1 second….2 seconds….over the steep angle of the tail gate parking the ATV safely into the back.
He kills the engine scooting out of the door then pads to the tail gate and leaps, T-rex in a standing position and deftly lands on brown puffs of dirt upon both boots bending at his kneecaps. He spins his body around collecting the make-shift pieces of long lumber with hands and biceps that he used as a vehicle ramp and carefully slides them down the sides of the trunk bed which will be used to unload the ATV out his truck off the roadside for Risa to sneak back home before her parents get to worried and send out a search party.
I stop walking and comment with a set of dead pan straight lips beside Cinta. “College, go or no go? I do plan to return here…back to my home and be a farmer…maybe a farmer that writes horror novels.” Cinta shakes her skull side to side looking at Garth shift his boots around the tiny ATV and. 
She sings in alto clarinet. “Why? There’s a whole world for exploring, Risa. We graduate college and travel from country to country see what’s out there experience salt oceans, dry deserts, heated bodies.…”
I inject staring at the fine body of Garth. “But, Garth wants…I mean to say that when Garth graduates from college he’ll want to return to the farm…”
Cinta shakes her skull side to side and sings in her new flute soprano. “Naw. Garth wants to travel to Paris, first then another country and then another country…”
“Thanks for all the updates, Cinta. I’ll go home and ponder them facts.”
Garth approaches finger pointing at Cinta. “You, ride in the back of the truck bed with the mud. I don’t want the smell on my T-shirt or inside my cloth seats. And, Risa can ride with me in the front bench…”
“No. We be girl-bests. We ride together, foreverly. Right, Risa?”
“Right?”
“Give her a smack on the lips, cowboy so’s we can go home, too. Mama and Daddy’ll be wondering why we’re wandering along the cow pastures in the dark.” Garth lightly taps my lips as Cinta forcefully jerks my right hand towards the truck bed then Garth jogs behind us and powerfully lifts me upon the tail gate as I pad towards the wheel rim sliding my bee_hind on the smooth metal while Cinta skips on her dried muddy boots and scoots next to me since Garth’s truck is bigger than the space shuttle being a country hick cowboy that likes trucks.
Garth trots to the open door sliding into his truck, cranking the engine slowly gliding over the small bumps and dumps of the earth soil towards the highway as I buzz into Cinta’s left eardrum since we hug like baby fleas on each other body on the short width wheel ream. I start. “I was thinking about Beck…”
“Beck…Beck Actworth instead of Garth Warfield…why ya be thinking about Beck, sweetie?”
“Harvest Emperor…,” croaking like a pond frog as Cinta smiles and smirks with an evil glare from the moon light and.
She suggests. “O! Ya gots more wicked ideas to play on him on Friday night.”
“No, I do not have any wickedness…at all…for Beck. I want to end all the wickedness that about to happen to Beck on Friday night.”
“Why? He deserves any and all wickedness and maybe beyond wickedness if…”
“I don’t understand why…you…”
“We…this is a ya’ll…all of us, Seniors, Risa…” Cinta dumps as the truck slows to a crawl then stops with a slight jolt while Garth jumps out the seat moseys down truck railing and drops the tail gate. I stand, first wanting to get away from Cinta since she’s sound like a new ‘wicked witch of the south’ being snobby nosed about wanting to embarrass Beck Actworth for no good reason but pure meanness since there must be an evil fairy tale behind the total vengeance of the entire Twelfth Grade. Well, I might naught be able to find a “why” but sure enough I can perform a “how” as I giggle with girly twang.
Garth sweetly poses both his arms outstretched for me. I’m blind from the pitch black darkness in the middle of Oak Street, where my farm faces the roadway. I jump from a body-standing position on the tail gate into his hands grabbing his strong, taunt, and steel rounds bicep, gasping with the hardness caressing both the side of my breasts. I fall into his open arms while he captures my heart and my body without dropping my boot soles to the pavement. He quickly man-pulls me towards his smiling face planting sweetly a wet heated kiss upon my smiling lips. I descend like an angel to the paved roadway then he quickly wraps these rounded biceps around my shoulder blades squeezing them for his loving affection as I emotion sweetly with hotness, lust, happiness, desire, passion, and love then he quickly removes his lips as the cold air invades my lip flesh shivering my emotions while we grin like two goofy kids in the moonlight.
Cinta climbs down the tail gate without any assistance from her brother since we both are tough and rough cowgirls that really don’t need the little girl treatment but I find that love floating like an angel into the strong limbs of an earth “god” especially being greeted with a sweet smile and a hot kiss then she painfully jerks my left forearm away from Garth towards the patch of low plants between the roadway and my yard as Garth sets to work propping up the make-shift ramp backing the ATV out of the truck bed.
I swing my face towards my house which blazes like a tiny village against the surrounding walls of midnight blue sky of darkness with the outside big baseball field-type flood pole lights up high and the small bulbs cupped into the iron decorative holders around the porch signaling rest time on the farm from a hard day’s work as Cinta and I shuffle near the plants away from Garth then Cinta warns. “I’m going to pretend that you do not agree with the plan for Beck Actworth. Some of our class mates won’t like your chicken belly attitude or tattle tail threats. Understand, girl best?”
It’s too dark to see the details of my face so I just grunt like a wounded animal since that message translates for her into the word ‘yes’ and for me into the word ‘no’ as I smirk with a set of crooked lips, right since Cinta can’t see anything but the reflection of moon light moving across the grass then Garth quickly appears behind Cinta’s skull.
Garth orders in his sexy baritone trombone. “Somethin’ wrong…Risa…” But his skull and eyeballs narrow onto Cinta like he’s going to slap her face with his eyeballs making me wonder if he’s heard some of my mushy feelings about the entire Senior class playing that planned vile joke on Beck as Cinta quickly imprints her kitty-cat five finger claws of her left hand into my right arm that she holds me hostage against her body like a nice step-sister would as I shake my skull side to side then smile prettily at him.
I sing in my natural flute music. “No.”
“Come here! Give me a good night kiss!” I quickly fling my aching forearm from the human tigress trotting into Garth’s wide arms for the fourth time tonight feeling his hotness warm my cold mind and my cool body as we pad towards my ATV which straddles the edge of the roadway part tires on the asphalt and part tires in the grass while Garth whispers softly into my left eardrum. “Drive very slow along the flat plain then turn right at the chicken coop straight along the rear walls of the three barns since there’s no ditches, no water, and loose equipment laying around for you to bump. Okay, Risa?”
“But, it’s faster just following the roadway,” looking my eyeballs down towards the end of the road that’s black and empty of cars, because the only cars that travel the night is Daddy’s. I’m not allowed to go any other place but to the school which’s during the day and complain more. “Your set of instructions carries me further north when I want to go east which is about a mile of rough land not a smooth pavement.…”
“And, your Daddy’ll be on the outlook of your smooth ride when he figures out that the dull headlights belong to the ATV.” He pauses for beauty, cuddling me into his chest than pulls me away from his face. “Your Mama’s will ground you faster than a meteorite. We both know that, right? I was hoping you’d come with me to the Novena Festival on Friday night? I come and pick ya up at the house…but not like a real date…”
“None of the seniors are going to the Festival on Friday.” I tattle tail my info from Cinta into Garth’s right eardrum.
He sings in his sexy baritone trombone. “Naw. We be all going including Bobby Joe and Billy Jack since this is our last Festival being Seniors. Heck fire, we beat all the boys in the Pole Climb. I heard they’re giving away a dirt bike.”
I remind, giggling. “You possess a dirt bike, Garth.”
“I’ll win for ya, honey so’s we can jump mud puddles together…just the two of us.” He cuddles me again then quickly smacks his hot lips upon my cold lips then gently pushes me towards the ATV. “See ya, tomorrow, Risa.”
“Bye, Cinta.” I sorta yodel without the loud echo.
“Bye, girl best.” Cinta calls moving towards Garth as he finger points her.
Garth orders with sneer like a junk yard dog. “You…in the back with the mud. Ya smell like horse shit.”
“Garth!?” Cinta sings in her natural clarinet music.
“Or walk home? Don’t matter much to me. I gots a ride, little sis.” Garth enjoys taunting his baby sister strutting to the driver’s door handle.
“Hot dangling….” Cinta whines like she stepped her left cowgirl boot in an old pile of cow shit while his heavy chuckles echo into my eardrums. Cinta softly curses and climbs her palms and her twin pair of muddy boots onto the tail gate sitting on the tire ream as Garth slowly rolls the truck in the direction of their home while I pad to the ATV sliding into the driver’s seat watching them soar down the street then over the slight hill out of my eye sight.
I wrap the webbing around my body for safety then slowly twirl the ATV to my left rolling the tires over 100% of plushy smooth paved road instead of rough loose gravel and uneven dirt pods as I quickly swirl the wheel straight and parallel with the road ditches and freshly cut grass by the farm workers for a smooth ride on Oak Street since Garth’s sweet directions are too long. Too rough! Too much! I cut the radio off so I don’t alert Daddy to my deception plan as I press the gas pedal feeling the wind hit my eyeballs, mouth, and lips at a blistering invisible sun ray pelt while I steady my boot deeply into the floor board on the gas pedal taxiing on the smooth pavement like an air pane readying for take-off, plotting to achieve that highest 60-miles-per-hour setting, before I turn my toy into the barn for sleeping.
I glance my eyeballs at the speed-o-meter as the red needle quickly passes the numbers of 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55...almost there, as hurricane-type winds blew my body against the leather of the seat while dragging on the engine smooth but not aerodynamic grill and nose of the hood as the ATV ventures slightly to the left then I compensate very slightly to the right keeping the machine steady under my hand controls as I reach my racing speed of 60 MPH while flying passed the end of the three-door garage of my house traveling further down the dark road for another 3,000 feet while releasing the gas pedal as the machines slowly rolls into a steady pace with the speed-o-meter’s gauge counting backwards from 60, 55, 50, 45, 40, 35, 30, 25, 20. I stomp on the discs feeling the machine shuffle like a hockey puck while I slowly turn the wheel to the left then pull the ATV straight on the pavement for another 20 feet then stomp on the discs. I glide down the smooth pathway on the right through the over story of ancient Oak trees that have named our street then brake the ATV to a slower pace. I near the barn doors and then putt-putt her into the smooth concrete for her nap. I kill the engine, release the webbing and grab my backpack with the VIP blackmailed homework since I found a new method of manipulating Cinta. I giggle.
I find. Cinta blackmails me for all kinds of stuff that includes, but, not limited to my clothes, my shoes, my purses, my hair bows, and Mama’s money. I’m not rich but live off my parents’ nice annual income. I merrily go along with Cinta’s antics with a child’s innocent blindness but for some reason the blindfolds have been cut in half. I see Cinta in a different light, thinking, now.
Garth with his bold honesty and brave emotions and his three words echoes inside my neurons, so suddenly. However, his words are true. We’ve known every other for age, being in each other eyesight for seventeen years. My Mama and Daddy are very good friends with the Warfield clan since my birth.
I really spent more time with Cinta as a young girl, so it makes perfect sense that Garth would find me attractive as a potential mate. He likes farming life as I slam the back porch door and holler for attention. “I’m home.”
I pad around the right corner seeing no upright bodies sitting at the clean table surface of the Breakfast table when I hear Daddy voice echo from the Living Room. “In here, Risa. We ate in front of the TV, tonight.”
I step onto the thick light beige carpet pondering that we’re eating inside the forbidden white carpeted Living Room. “Mama…,” singing in my new bass flute seeing her propped like a doll against the arm rest looking like death warmed over since her face is ashen pale compared to her usual sun-tanned healthy complexion while her right leg props on like an ant hill over three sets of bed pillows as she tenderly hugs a steaming cup of hot liquid at her throat then she slowly blinks open her eyelashes looking at me, parting her mouth like a dying fish.
“Risa…,” sings Mama in her new soft piano which I hear within my eardrum range.
“Clean up, Risa! Supper’s in about forty-five minutes, pumpkin.” Daddy softly explains while I studiously stare at Mama moving sideways my body down the wall that holds the cute pictures of me from newborn to Eleventh Grade eye burning Mama who looks worse from a greater distance as I swerve around the attacking rocking chair then hit my right sock upon the padded stair case going up to shower my stinky body for supper thinking that Mama looks awful as a human being. 

Monday. November 11th. 8:01am. Apollo High School. Homeroom. I happily bounce along my socked toes in my new cowgirl boots sliding into my assigned seat in Homeroom since the students have assumed the regal statue quo as usual without yelling like cheerleaders or fighting like rednecks. In the real world like in Apollo, Alabama the real kids hang in “clicks like musicians” or “clanks like rednecks” or “clucks like chickens” or “clashes like jocks.” I am a “click” since I’m in the Marching Band and play a clarinet very poorly but I try really hard like I vocal my excuse to Mama as I giggle with a girly twang. I place my thin empty spiral notebook on top of my desk table watching my fellow school mates zip into the room towards their assigned seats since the room square is a semi-square which I guess is called a rectangular since I passed Geometry with a “D” last year with a set of four white walls sorta like a directional map on your cell.
The north wall houses an old fashioned wide and high black board that really is used a lot to show problems and sentences in white chalk since our poorly funded public school doesn’t have any extra state funded monies for a set of fancy cool AV equipment like computers so the teacher just lectures and yells a lot. Then directionally going from north to the south wall there are horizontal rows of kids mostly made of the jocks, rednecks, and musicians with the three last rows exclusively the jocks. The west wall holds small amount of “clucks” who are the really smart kids that are easily taunted and mocked like real chicken hens on a farm then the east wall holds the musicians like me who are made of the majorettes and dance team girls who like to flaunt with their guys during class time instead of pay attention to the teacher.
Beck rolls his wheel chair with two taunt biceps over the smooth floor then turns the chair to the right before hitting the west wall heading up the row near the teacher’s desk to accommodate the wide and high wheelchair as he smiles with a big happy grin, nodding his skull at each school mate like a Hollywood movie star then quickly adjusts his eye frames as they drop down his nose bridge while my tummy aches with a nasty set of wasps stinging the lining of my throat because Bobby Joe is going to nominate Beck for Harvest Emperor as the bell rings echoing into my eardrums while my heart rate increases.
The Homeroom Teacher sits at his desk marking off the names of faces with an ink pen that he has known forever as present for the daily High School session then he drops the student roll book upon the desk and looks into the middle of the kids and announces. “Announcement for all students but ya’ll should know this since you have attended Apollo High for fourteen years straight…(breathes)…there will be no sixth period of class for band practice, football practice, or study hall attendance since this is our valued Novena Festival week. All students will leave the campus for home being dismissed at precisely 1:59 pm unless ya want to help tote tables, carry chairs or decorate the game booths…(pauses and breathes)….however, Bobby Joe and Billy Jack can not volunteer for anything…”
“Why….,” whispering into Cinta’s left eardrum as she giggles and grins and.
Cinta tattles. “Billy Jack greased the Climbing Pole last year. The first competitor get stuck in a place that my Southern belle manners won’t let me pronounce….,” narrates and giggles Cinta for a second time.
I inquire with kitty-cat curiosity burning my eyeballs at Billy Jack. “He’s really banned from the Festival.”
“…along with Bobby Joe.” Cinta whispers into my face as my brain neurons kick my nodes and.
I whisper back. “Was it Actworth? Naw, not possible.”
“Actworth tattled on Billy Jack.” Cinta swing to studious Beck listening to the teacher’s lecture.
I whisper with shock. “Beck tattled.”
Cinta corrects. “We ain’t’ for shore but the rumor is that the Elder Actworth must’ve eye-witnessed the silly crime then ratted on Billy Jack to Principal Russell making both rednecks banned from the Festival this year even this being our Senior year at Apollo.”
“Well, I didn’t hear about this.” I return as Cinta looks at Beck.
“You’re always too late for everything, girl best….,” stings Cinta with a wicked smile as I purse my lips, tightly swinging my eyeballs at the Homeroom Teacher.
The Homeroom Teacher expresses. “The last announcement from my list we need nominations for Harvest Emperor and Harvest Empress from the Senior Class. I want to remind ya that the winning couple will receive a nice set of new electronic toys that would fancy any cowboy’s boots. So’s, let’s start with the nomination names for Harvest Emperor?”
Billy Jack stands like a solider from the rear row and yells in his sexy baritone trombone. “I nominate my boy, Beck Actworth.” Loud hoots, claps, and boot stomps along with smiles and giggles echo off the four walls and high ceiling as eyeballs and eardrums stare at Beck.
The Homeroom Teacher swings his face smiling and complimenting. “I think Beck would do us proud as emperor…(pauses)….are there any more names for Senior class Harvest Emperor in the poker pot.” Silence echoes into the classroom for…1 second then 2 seconds then the Teacher comments. “I want to thank Billy Jack for an excellent nomination as this year’s Harvest Emperor as I recall Mr. Beck has not had the honor of serving that title for the class. So in the true spirit of competition Beck, do you accept?”
I barely whisper for my eardrums. “No.” Beck twists his neck muscles side to side since his wheelchair seats perpendicular to the four sets of horizontal rows that compose almost all of the Senior class while I swiftly fidget my body in my chair bouncing my shoulder blades from the wall as he looks suspiciously around at his fellow classmates then he smiles brightly with a set of good teeth bobbing his skull up and down several times like a farm pony in naïve acceptance. I grunt like a dying dog. “Dang it!”
“Did ya say something?” Cinta invades her red-painted lipstick into the right side of my jaw so close that I can smell her wintergreen chewing gun as I slam my back muscles into the rear of my wooden desk as it slightly wounds the three inched thick concrete wall folding my naked biceps over my breasts looking at Beck while he smiles and chuckles not understanding that he’s just a pawn in the chess game.
Beck pushes the edge of his dorky glasses into his nose and nosily clears his throat while returning his flinging arms and hands by slamming them onto his wheelchair tray and announces with a smile. “Yes, I do. I want to think the class for inviting me to participate in this old traditional time honored school event. I’m very honored and very excited for the opportunity to represent the Seniors. I plan to win the competition for my classmates” Loud claps, cheers, and foot stomps bounces along the wooden floor in the room.
The Homeroom Teacher holds both his hands parallel to the floor bouncing his ten finger pads up and down along with his head bob like a sick cow signaling the sound of silence in the classroom then asks. “Very good, Beck! Do we have nominations for the role of Harvest Empress who will accompany the handsome Harvest Emperor this Friday night as our cute boy and girl Senior Class representatives at the Novena Festival?”
I swiftly shift both of my boots under my desk as Cinta slams her left hand into my right forearm slicing my eyelashes at her embedded imprint of a set of manicured kitty-claws upon my golden skin as Cinta growls like a baby grizzle bear. “What’da you doing, Risa?”
“Shifting my boots around the floor, Cinta ‘cause my butthole’s numb.” I smile at her.
“O! I thought maybe you be wanting something….,” invades Cinta into my air pocket space almost touching my right cheekbone with her double set of red-painted lipstick as I quickly shift my body to the left into Lara Lee’s flinging right hand.
“Lara Lee.” Bobby Joe stands and sings in his sexy baritone trombone right on queue as I neck snap my face to my other neighbor and purse my lips tightly burning my invisible red hot fireballs into her pretty face but her skin flesh doesn’t melt into a brown goo instead she smiles, stands, and bows like a real princess then giggles like a silly cowgirl without waiting for any more names of Harvest Empress nominations. Since the entire Senior class has rigged, plotted and participated in this evil deed as I grunt like a dying dog.
Lara Lee sings in clarinet. “Thanks to my fans and friends at Apollo High I promise…(shows index finger in cross shape on her blouse)…cross my heart and hope to die being the bestest empress of them all.” She giggles with a girly twang as I snarl like a captured alligator while staring my sad eyeballs at Beck who happily claps both his hands together with a great big smile across his handsome yellowish-beige skin complexion without any previous knowledge of upcoming tragic event that will change his life, foreverly.
The Homeroom Teacher claps his hands for attention as the soft echo of hot gossip rumbles from my side around the rear of the wall then flows back into the teacher’s right eardrum and the teacher compliments. “Excellent choices, cowboys and cowgirls!” I cross my sleeves over my T-shirt pondering how to help Beck and expose the secret while not getting into trouble with my friends as the bell loudly rings.

2:06 pm. Parking lot. I lean my bee_hind against the Dodge Charger’s passenger door with a 3.6-liter V6 24-valve engine and a five-speed automatic transmission and audio steering wheel mounted audio controls for cell phone and satellite radio in the color of red with the signature LED racetrack tail lamps while reading the late text message on my mobile telephone from my Daddy that they’re coming to school for my appointed schedule meeting with Miss Shirley who’s the High School’s Guidance Counselor for promising students to attend college impatiently waiting for Mama and Daddy while the other lucky kids get to go home, eat food, and waste the rest of the daylight hours watching TV or surfing the Net. Then my eyeballs catch the movement to my right as I spy on the full size yellow like a daisy van as Beck and Beck’s wheelchair lounges on the solid eight foot platform elevating to the lip of the rear flooring of his service van for home since both of us are the last academic students to leave the High School campus for the day. Some of the kids and parents of the kids are working inside the elementary school and gymnasium on the Novena Festival decorations but that’s way across the campus where I sit inside the student parking lot.
The platform stops in place as Beck carefully rears his back wheels into the darkness of the van disappearing from my eyeballs while wondering if he really saw me spying on him and his family last Sunday afternoon or maybe he was squinting at the reflective light from the binoculars making it look like he was winking his eyelid, left at me as I nosily sigh with boredom then I heard the sexy baritone trombone invade my left eardrum. “Ya look really cute just lounging there in the sunlight!” I giggle with a girly twang without eye burning my admirer and.
“I’m cute…,” agreeing with that smart observation as Garth sets his stack of school books on the roof of the car then moves his body perpendicular to my frame as I giggle again for both nerves and fun.
“Hey, Risa, why’s ya here, darling? Are ya having car troubles with your Charger? Ya shouldn’t since it’s a new model.” He looks from tail bumper to engine hood.
“Hey, Garth just wondering why ya didn’t nominate me as Harvest Empress.” I look at the text on my cell phone following my parents’ drive in their truck to the High School as he moves closer to my body chuckling and.
Garth softly words. “I would’ve voted for ya as empress to bad you didn’t nominate yourself.”
I kick back and giggle for both fun and nerves while staring at the old text. “Too bad you didn’t nominate me for the honor.”
Garth sings in deep baritone. “Shoot! I should’ve but I wasn’t thinking like since that’s not what I…,” stopping and re-directing and chuckles into my left eardrum. “Yeah, ya look like an elegant swan swirling around in the air with your baton, too.” I giggle, again and.
I accept. “Thanks, Garth. That’s really nice of ya to say.” Garth leans his chest barely touching the edge of my left shoulder while both my hands remain on my cell phone for both fun and nerves as I lean against the car and.
Garth whispers into my left eardrum. “I gots lots of nice things to really say to ya, Risa.” He smiles and sums. “Too bad, it’s only Monday afternoon since I’s gots to go home…ya know maybe on Saturday morn…since you sleep at my house…”
I giggle and grin along with a sweet reprimand without looking at Garth for both fun and nerves. “That’s doesn’t sound right to me, cowboy.”
Garth chuckles into my left eardrum. “Ya spend the night with Cinta as her girl best, maybe…we…you and me…alone can go horseback riding near the creek bottom and fish…for a couple of hours since fishing takes a couple of hours sometime until sunset. Ya like to fish, Risa?” I smile and stare at the next text message from Daddy wondering how he’s able to text and drive at the same time then realize that he stops pulling the truck to the side of the highway then texts me since a) it’s against the law to text and drive and b) it’s not Mama doing the texting on my cell phone and.
“I like to fish and hunt and ride along with spitting and shooting and saddling.” Garth’s chest rubs against my naked skin of my left shoulder since I wear a sleeveless T-shirt over my favorite pair of faded destroyed blue jeans and my new set of cowgirl boots and.
Garth smiles, sweet breathing into my left earlobe while I smell his cologne of woody leather. “You’re a good cowgirl. I watched ya ride your horse around the barrels coming in third place at the county Rodeo in August. That’s really good, ya know.”
I smile and share. “Yeah, Daddy was really proud, too.” Beep! Beep! Garth swiftly whip lashes his face behind his left collar bone snarling like a captured alligator and.
He sings in high tenor. “Cinta!?” Bong! Bong! I chin whip my face behind my right collar bone upon seeing Daddy’s truck driving around the school building as Garth swiftly gathers his school books from the roof of my car while I quickly slide my bee_hind off the door padding towards the moving truck away from Garth and.
I call out loud without looking behind my bee_hind since I have that student x-ray vision and student telepathy that reads your parents’ unhappy faces. “Bye, Garth. See ya in class tomorrow.” I stand near the deep ditch while Daddy parks the truck into an empty spot then faster than lightning he jumps, T-rex from the driver’s seat of the cab swinging his body in the direction of Garth’s truck while Garth slams the door of the truck out of Daddy’s narrowed eyesight then Daddy neck snaps his face at me and.
Daddy inquires with his tomcat curiosity. “That be one of the Warfield’s boys.”
“Yay, Daddy. That’s Garth. He drives Cinta to and from school since they’re in the same class. Mama with ya!” I subject change focusing on the passenger side of the truck not seeing Mama’s face but both her pale hands over her skull through the clean and shiny window shield like she’s in violent pain from her broken leg. I quickly shuffle to the passenger side of the truck as Daddy swings his body moving passed me towards the truck bed, dropping the tail gate and retrieving a wheelchair as my mouth drops open like a hunger shark. “That’s a wheelchair, Daddy for Mama’s leg?”
Daddy explains. “Mama needs to save her strength. The doc says she’ll feel better inside a wheelchair instead of using a pair of clumsy crutches. Open the door, please, Risa. I’ll lift Mama out the truck.”
“Yes, sir!” I open the door holding it from swinging upon Mama’s body accidentally. Daddy adjusts the chair with the right leg panel sticking out like a straight arrow for her injured leg as Daddy reaches and lifts her like a little kid from the truck’s captain chair without any effort being a healthy male with manly strength then gently places her into the chair. Then Daddy fusses over her injured leg, her drooped shoulders, and her shawl covered arms as he tucks the light wool beige blanket over the lower part of her body then whispers a secret set of words into her right eardrum as she slowly smiles then he orders pushing the wheelchair’s hand gripes.
“Lead the way, pumpkin but use the ramp on the south side of the building for Mama.” Daddy orders as I slo mo stroll ahead of them waiting for Daddy and Mama to catch me while I slowly climb the concrete ramp and meet Miss Shirley’s smiling face on golden tanned smooth skin for a lady of 50ish years old wearing a cotton paisley dress down over her lady lizard red and brown cowgirl boots.
“Hello, Risa! Come on up make room for your Mama.” Miss Shirley pats the empty air beside right side for me to move out of the pathway of the wheelchair and she greets with a happy clarinet twang. “Lottie Ann, Whalen welcome…(pauses)…how’ya feeling, Lottie Ann?”
“I…have…had better days, Shirley.” Lottie Ann words softly with a faint smile as Daddy rolls her up the ramp into the worn and scratched wooden planks of the old High School that was built in the year 1900’s used by the first inhabitants of Apollo, Alabama. The walls paint in colored concrete of dull yellow which fades through the bright and hot summertime in the southern part of Alabama on the right side between the open archways of the middle grade classrooms while the left side decorates with bright red metal student vertical lockers consisting of a top and a bottom locker for a kid. 
“Well, you’ll get better, soon, darling. I’ve never broken a limb but they heal quickly. Please wheel her in here, Whalen.” Shirley rudely finger points to her left into a single classroom. “We can use this classroom instead of my office which is too far on the other side of the building. This is one of the seventh grade’s room….(points at desk)…I have my folders on the teacher’s desk. Please roll Lottie Ann up the teacher’s spot for our meeting.” Whalen gently shuffles the wheelchair parallel Lottie Ann’s side to the teacher desk as Miss Shirley seats in a single armless chair on the short length of the teacher’s desk opposite me while I sit my bee_hind in a second armless chair and Daddy enters the empty student desk slamming his hands on the empty surface waiting over Mama.
Lottie Ann starts the conversation holding her right hand against her forehead like she’s in pain. “Can she go to college?”
Shirley explains while tapping her five finger pads on the thin vanilla-colored flat folder on the surface. “I remember. A nice looking young couple moved to our little farm town of Apollo, right after your marriage, when ya’ll graduated from college, I believe. Your Grandfather Patillo occupied that land for almost a century…”
“Granddaddy was a very old bird loving his wife and his farm while into his nineties.” Whalen smiles and chuckles bobbing his skull up and down with a friendly gesture as Shirley smiles at him and he story tells. “I inherited the farm after his passing. We were only twenty-two years old straight out of college with nothing to do but find a career. We didn’t even know if we’d like the farming life being city slickers of Montgomery but…(smiles at Lottie Ann)…now we’re still here in our early fifties enjoying our little girl.”
“I’m in my fifties, too enjoying life.” Shirley looks at me while I return my eyeballs admiring her pretty golden skin with maybe a total of three skin wrinkles around both her eye sockets on her face as I shift my eyeballs to Mama whose also in her fifties since Mama and Daddy birthed me in their later age of life while she who appears like a beige ghost and Shirley compliments. “Risa, I recall her precious birth, here.” Lottie Ann removes her left hand from her face looking at Shirley and.
She complains. “It wasn’t here in Apollo but at a hospital in Montgomery, Shirley. We drove an hour while I labored in the rear bench of the truck. I actually thought I’d delivery Risa inside that cold truck instead of a warm bed. I don’t understand why the town doesn’t have an adult medical center besides all the different physician clinics. We decided against a second child because of the lack of proper medical protocols and treatments.”
Shirley lectures. “Lottie Ann, all kids are born in Montgomery since….(pauses)…the beginning of time, here in Apollo. We simply can’t come up with monies for any type of proper medical facility here in our little cow town and the state government is too cash-stripped to provide any capital assistance. You do know that we have asked most frequently and you know as well as I that every thing is based on money, Whalen. But, everyone that lives here is both healthy and happy.”
“We’re very happy here, right, Lottie Ann?” Whalen smiles at her as she slightly nods her skull inside her both palms while I evaluate my Mama compared to Shirley as Shirley smiles at me and pats the folder on the table and.
She expresses. “I’m very excited that one of our own is reaching out to college. It’s very rare for our chicks to leave the hen’s nest since every family’s livelihood is based on the farm becoming cow farmers.”
“Nothin’ wrong in being a farmer, right, Daddy?” I add smiling at Daddy as he nods his skull, once at me in silence while Shirley looks at Whalen and.
She explains. “First, I want to clarify the high expense of college, Whalen. It...is…not…cheap since the small city of Apollo doesn’t house a post-graduate Institution along with no Medical Hospital. Therefore, you are responsible for Risa’s college tuition, her books, her campus fees, and her campus activities along with her apartment rental coupled with the electricity, water, sewer, and all the other living expenses that are required on a monthly basis while she stays in the city of Montgomery. Yes, her car expenses as well.”
Lottie Ann words sharply. “We understand all the extraneous monies that’ll be required for Risa to attend college outside of Apollo, Shirley. We graduated from Burn U where Risa will eventually and we have planned ahead just tell us what’s the status of her college application.”
Shirley nosily inhales then deeply exhales then starts without a smile looking at Lottie Ann. “Let me begin with that Risa…(smiles at me)…has both a set of low grades and a very low GPA making her a high risk freshman at any college. She scored a twelve on her ACT test which will require that she take rudimentary courses of both math and English…only.” Whalen taps both his ten finger pads on the surface and.
He injects in a high tenor looking at Shirley. “Only…what does that mean...only? Any college freshman has a choice of various academic subjects including math, science, history, literature, art, music or…”
Shirley shakes her curls. “Whalen and Lottie Ann, Risa can submit her college application anytime but I am warning both of you that she will be limited to two…(hold two fingers in the air)…college courses which is math and English. I must express that it will be a total waste of her time and your money if she doesn’t re-take the ACT test…”
I shake my curls. “Naw.” 
“Silence, Risa.” Lottie Ann reprimands with a quick piccolo music then places her right hand to her forehead as Whalen agrees bobbing his skull up and down like a farm pony and.
He says. “That’s fine…with the both of us. She can start during the summertime session taking the two required rudimentary classes of math and English.” I shake my skull side to side and.
I disagree. “I be a farmer…instead…”
The voice permeates loudly in the class room before her distorted face appears from her open palms. “Do not embarrass me with your hillbilly slang, Risa? I do declare I cannot understand the morals that are taught these days in the public school system. Do other children talk like that, Shirley?” Lottie Ann whip lashes her neck as far to her left as possible since her body faces the wall instead of me as she holds both hands at her sweaty forehead.
Shirley smiles at Lottie Ann, then grins at Whalen and commands to me. “Very well! We agree. Risa will re-take the ACT test so she can enter college as a regular freshman without wasting any more time. Since time is all we have.” I chin whip my face into my neck pondering how I get out of this one.

Tuesday. November 12th. Fourth period. Science class. 11:02 am. The classroom bell loudly rings echoing between my yellow ear wax still not accustomed to the fog horn blast for the last five years since the Seventh Grade thinking that I’ll be glad to graduate from silly High School into serious College understanding that there isn’t any school bells, school counsels, or school principals to monitor the hallway when you can’t find your stupid academic textbook. I stroll into the room holding my thin notebook like a knight shield over my breasts flirting in the form of batting my eyelashes, smiling really biggy, waving with three finger pads on my right hand then giggling like a Hollywood movie star at Garth. He sits on the last row between Bobby Joe and Billy Jack keeping the twin rednecks from fighting, talking, and disturbing our academic class of Science where I hold an average of a numeric value of 76 points out of 100 which is the grade letter of “C” I think I will ask Cinta.
I plop in my usual teen desk between Lara Lee and Cinta along with the other majorettes in Band since the Tenth Grade when students were assigned descriptive “titles” instead of cute nicknames. For example “she’s a majorette” as opposed to cheerleader, jock, geek, beauty, redneck or egghead. Whatever! I note the substitute teacher whose skull barely misses the top of the teacher’s desk with her pure white puffy hair pulled like a round powdered sugar donut on top of her flat head kinda like an alien I saw in a movie and night and along with her very notable thick rimmed squared-shaped black eyeglasses that clashes with her heart-shaped face consisting of blue jeans pockets of sagging white skin around tight wrinkles of mouth lips and eye sockets but she smiles brightly so that means today will be an easy day for me at least.
“She’s a shorty.” Told ya! Bobby Joe finger points then roars with laugh as Garth slams his right fist into Bobby Joe’s left bicep signaling to show some type of Southern manners over the new instructor as the entire three rows of rednecks and jocks chuckle like farm turkeys while I hold my bottom lip from sniggering like a sly fox.
The new substitution teacher doesn’t stand but she can holler like a female cat in heat. “Good morning, class. Please take out a sheet of paper and a pencil.
“Boo…,” visual student #1 screams in his alto saxophone.
“Naw…,” visual student #2 hollers in his baritone trombone.
“Boom…,” visual student #3 yells in his alto French horn.
“Where’s Mr. L?” Vonnie Sue inquires in her soft piano music sitting along my wall of the classroom.
“An ink pen, okay?” Lara Lee asks in her alto clarinet sitting next to me as the new teacher bobs her skull up and down like a farm pony and.
She sings in alto saxophone. “Yes, you may use an ink pen for this pop quiz. And let me explain that all of ya’ll will be receiving a perfect score of hundred points for this test.” Loud cheers and claps from the Senior class students echo up to the rafters as the teacher motions her ten finger pads up and down in the air and reprimands with a soft tone. “Class, please be quiet. I do not want the principal invading our private sanctuary for the new two hours since I’m taking your class to the lunchroom around noon. Does everyone have their pencil ready?” She waits and watches for….1 second…2 seconds…then nods her head for the silence acknowledgement and nosily inhales. “Question number one: the sun rises over Heel Stone on Mid-Summer and sets on Mid-Winter. Which is considered the first astronomical observatory known as…,” smiling, “Please, fill in the blank.”
“Blank.” Davy Ray shouts in baritone as the students softly snigger along with me because that’s what my mental mind is presenting a big wide both vertical and horizontal geometric pie of black blankness so I chicken scratch the word New Mexico. I believe there are some star telescope observatories in that US State.
“You’re not a smart redneck. Are ya, boy?” The teacher chuckles. “Question number two: what is the other name for the ‘Imperishable Star,” which designates a King’s burial chamber alignment with both the belts of Orion and Thuban?”
Crap! I wonder. What planet is this woman living on? The land of cookies! Does she mean Oreo cookies with the chocolate outside and crème white filling inside? I plan to purchase in the vending machine for lunch. I slide my eyeballs left then right as my fellow students write their answers on their paper. I draw blank for a second time for the second question, so I scribble the word, Mars. I know the answer isn’t the sun, moon, or earth, so that leaves a couple of the other solar system planets which I can’t recall from my Seventh Grade science class.
The teacher says. “Question number three: who conquered parts of Mesopotamia in 334 BC while embracing and absorbing its astrological study and wisdom across the Hellenic world which was birthed in Alexandria in Egypt?”
I have got this answer it is Alesander. I smile and cross out the word, Alesander with my ink pen and spell it, sorta more right. Alex.
The Teacher sits at the desk adjusting the rim of her eyeglasses staring at the nervous kids. “Question number four, what science study accounts for the movement of the stars and other heavenly bodies that affect our lives here on our world?
I guess it is God that’s the only body that can move stares and heaven. I scribble the word Almighty God. I slice my eyelashes around the room as students write their answers on their paper. I won’t cheat since Almighty God might see it.
The Teacher announces. “Please pass your papers to her….(points at Rwanda)…what’s your name, sweetie?”
“Rwanda.” She smiles as papers shift into her face along her right arm then her left hand while single and multiple sheets gather behind her skull.
“While I’m grading your tests…,” words the Teacher staring at the students.
“Hey, you said…,” visual student yells in his baritone trombone.
“I must pretend to be a teacher, today. Right, student?” The Teacher smiles accepting the messy pile of papers from Rwanda and explains. “I must place a letter grade on each paper so I can turn in your work and my lecture for the day to the principal’s office. But I can multi-task by talking and grading at the same time. I am Sumer Winters…,” chuckling and commenting. “Yes, my Mama wasn’t a nice Southern belle. I’m here only for a two-week period since Mr. Knox is having dental surgery but will return as your science teacher. So for today’s lesson please follow my five steps shown on the black board.” She thumbs her fold fist at the black board while she eyeballs the papers. 
“Hey, Miss S.” Rwanda lays the papers on her desk then returns her assigned seat.
Miss S instructs. “Take out another piece of paper and draw a circle. Draw twelve intersected pies inside the circle. Label the top pole with the letter ‘A’ then go around the circle to the right curve of the pie marking it with the letter ‘T’ then ‘G’ continuing around the twelve axis points as shown on the black board. Draw a big round ball above your circle which is also displayed on the black board. This represents the solar sun in our Milky Way Galaxy. Please a medium round ball between the letters ‘T’ and ‘G’ then draw a medium round ball in the radius of the circle. Then draw a tiny ball on the left side of the radius point. And finally draw a medium round ball under the letter ‘P’.” She flips quickly through the papers knowing the answers from her school lectures in the city of Montgomery where she lives and works then softly words. “Well…this is amazing. The entire class has scored hundred points out of hundred points on these five pop quiz questions where usually I am lucky to find five out of fifty students to get all the answers correct.”
“We’re smart rednecks.” Davy Ray yells from the rear of the wall.
“I do believe it, since my old eyes see only a set of correct answers, except for a few students. So let’s discuss question number one….,” Miss S with an evil smirk.
“After lunch…,” visual student #1 yells in his baritone trombone.
“Now…,” visual student #2 screams his French horn.
“After potty time…,” visual student #3 voices in her alto clarinet along with some trombone, flute, and saxophone chuckling tunes.
“Question number one, the sun rises over Heel Stone on Mid-Summer and sets on Mid-Winter which is considered the first astronomical observatory known as Stonehenge in Great Britain which was built in phases…,” stops Miss S.
“In stones…,” dumps Davy Ray as he chuckles along with some of the boys in the jock section as Miss S doesn’t stop and.
She lectures adjusting her eye frames. “Stonehenge was built in stone phases from 3300 to 2000 BC as the sun rises over Heel Stone on a Mid-Summer which is early August and sets on a Mid-Winter which is early February and considered the first astronomical observatory for planetary alignments studied by ancient astrologists. The answer to second question is the Great Pyramids of Egypt which were built in 2600 BC by the ancient Egyptians providing for the Pharaoh two pathways of renewal and resurrection in the after-life.” She pauses for beauty then continues. “The answer to the third question is the infamous Greek hero and leader Alexander the Great.” She smiles and comments. “If you have been paying attention you would have hear part of the answer when I mentioned that astrological study and wisdom is most famous in Alexandria in Egypt since the Greeks were obsessed with their god and goddesses creating marble statues and naming the sky after their heroes.”
“That dang wisdom didn’t help since they all died out right, Lara Lee?” Davy Ray smirks with a set of wicked lips, right staring at Lara Lee as her pouts her lips, cute-like but Beck viciously reacts to Davy Ray’s taunt of her as Beck parts his lips like a dying fish cocking his skull sideways beaming from his eye frames a set of hot invisible iron ores that come the local Alabama coal mine shaft at Davy Ray. I frown with intrigue.
Miss S continues. “Question number four, the oldest science in the world is astrology which started in Greek with Ptolemy. When the Greeks first assigned a series of twelve Sun signs like Aries to their calendar then that fascinating astrological system spread as far as India which created the Hindu gods and goddesses for their own folks ancient eyeballs have been scouting the heavens for cosmic meaning in the patterns of stars and planets. Astrology is studying the movement of the stars and other heavenly bodies that affect our lives here on our world. A good example is the moon has influence over ocean tides. Native Americans used medicine wheels to interpret sicknesses and the Chinese astronomers were the first to study sunspots. So astrology has emerged as a way to predict certain life events. That is our topic for discussion today. The night sky has inspired and awed people for centuries because it’s big and bright for one and a second reason the star gazers saw reflections of their own culture’s mythology, gods, and heroes…”
“We live in the USA, so we ain’t got no heroes but my twelve-gauge.” Davy Ray declares as soft chuckles bounces along the floor.
“The stars allowed for ocean sailors to navigate the water and desert nomads to travel the sands at night which created some pretty famous astronomers. Who can name me one?” Miss S inquires without smiling.
Garth raises his right arm as she nods her skull, once. “Ptolemy of Alexandria was a Roman astronomer who wrote Almagest in second century AD and also grouped 1,022 stars into 48 constellations which was used by Copernicus for his primary writing in 1,500 years later.”
Miss S smiles, nodding. “Very good!”
Beck raises his hand as she nods. “The oldest known catalog of Greek constellations comes from Catasterismi of Eratosthenes who lived from 276 to 196 BC and in the second century BC Hipparchus produced a star catalog ranking the stars by their magnitude which is brightness.” He smiles.
Miss S chuckles. “Very, very good! That’s an excellent set of extreme history research. You must be the valedictorian here at Apollo for the Senior Class.”
“A valid dick turd…,” words with a nasty baritone from Billy Jack looking at Beck. 
Miss S jerks her distorted face from grading the papers at Billy Jack. “What did you say young man?”
“Velcro…dang it tore loose…,” holds his pant’s belt into the air as soft rooster chuckles echo to the ceiling.
Miss S stares at Billy Jack, lecturing. “Both, Ptolemy and Copernicus observed a belt of fixed stars called constellations…”
“One’s called the big dipshit.” Bobby Joe grins.
Garth pops his bicep. “Naw. It’s pronounced as the Big Dipper, redneck.”
“…and then there’s the little dipshit…,” injects Bobby Joe with a bigger smile and slight chuckle as Garth slams his folded fist into Bobby Joe’s left bicep for a second time and.
He reprimands. “Bobby Joe, the stars are called the Big Dipper and little Dipper.”
Miss S frowns then lectures. “There are fixed stars along with five prominent ones which are really planets but to our naked eyeballs they look like stars until you use a telescope. The planets had their own irregular celestial movements based on the rotations of planets, the sun measured by our calendar of time. After all the stars and all the known planets were seen by eyeballs then the Greeks had some fun using their named heroes and heroines by writing and acting out the characters into plays with real action gods and goddesses. Who can name a playwright?”
Beck raises his hand, waiting like a good A-plus student. She nods. “The first Greek playwright was Aeschylus who wrote ninety plays and is nicknamed the father of tragedy. He was born into an aristocratic family near Athens around 525 BC and served as a soldier in the Persian Wars and participated in the Great Dionysia which is part of a festival honoring Dionysus who is the Greek god of wine. He wrote his first play in 499 BC. Seven of his plays survive today that include The Persians, Seven Against Thebes, The Suppliants, Agamemnon, The Libation Bearers, The Eumenides, and Prometheus Bound sharing a major theme of justice. Aeschylus believed that the gods and goddesses resented when so-called human beings attempted to attain greatness at the expense of others human beings. Then the gods or goddesses would trick the human being into causing his own downfall through pride.”
Davy Ray chuckles. “But, sometimes, a direct human being ain’t punished the right way then the punishment falls to one of their many descendants of that human being for later. Right, Lara Lee?”
“Zeus is the god of justice and a central figure in Aeschylus’s work. Aeschylus died around 455 B.C. in Gela, Sicily at the age of sixty-nine honored with a public funeral.”
Miss S frowns at Beck. “Humans!? You mean to state the delicate word, mortals as opposed to the immortal gods of Greek mythology.”
Beck nods. “Yes, ma’am.”
Miss S says. “The important point of view of any and all ancient plays, such as the works of Aeschylus, a richest source of classical myth, all the Greek gods and goddesses intervened into human affairs.”
Davy Ray inquires. “Miss S, are ya saying that these fine gods and goddesses should not flirt with humans, then and now?”
Miss S looks at Davy Ray, smiling. “I don’t see the harm. Let’s have some fun…,” clapping. 
“Boo…,” the visual student-one yells in his French horn.
“Naw…,” the visual student-two shouts in his baritone trombone.
“Yee-haw…,” the  visual student-three hollers in his alto saxophone.
“Think of the night sky as a circle.” She smiles. “The night sky like your circle on the paper is divided it into twelve parts. Each part is like your home which we will call a ‘house’. As the sun travels in a circle it enters into a house like you walking into your garage door then eating food from the refrigerator then dumping your books in the living room going to the bathroom urinating and…,”
“I shi…,” Bobby Joe laughs when Garth slaps his bicep.
“Bobby Joe?” Garth reprimands.
Miss S continues. “After your bodily functions have been eliminated you go into your bed room and play on the Net instead of doing your nightly homework. So the sun has settled in your room with you like a girlfriend.”
“Yee-haw! Is she pretty like...,” says Davy Ray.
Miss S nods. “She is pretty like the Roman goddess of love, Venus. Look at your circle the sun sets outside the circle which usually represents your birth month. Please place the month of your birth inside the appropriate pie.”
“Don’t know…,” Davy Ray works on drawing his circle.
Miss S moves moving towards Davy Ray. “Your birth date? Then you are a silly redneck.”
Davy Ray confesses tapping his ink pen on the paper. “Know the month I was born, which pie does it belong, too? I be born in August.”
Miss S nods. “You are a Leo. Write August, right here…,” placing her un-polished trimmed index finger nail at the letter ‘L’ while she strolls up and down the aisle checking the student’s progress. “Very good! So, let’s look at the difference between the houses since the phase ‘Taurus rising’ means…that your star….or your personality…”
“…your shotgun?” Davy Ray announces as grunts echo to the ceiling.
Miss S nods her skull, once . “…or your shotgun becomes miffed when a planet dominates your house. For fun we’re going to translate within your house the ‘intercepted’ sign which makes you the interceptor for trouble…or for pleasure that dominates your house and your planet. If your planet dominates our houses then you’re like a bully on the play ground tossing the little kiddies off their swing sets. Some believe that a House holds lots of magical powers as well. Let me use an example for the House of Aries which is a pioneer…or person who goes out into the world first leaving the others behind while the House of Pisces swims through the waters of the emotions.”
“I’m the House of…,” dumps Cinta staring at Miss S.
“Pain…Lara Lee…you’re the house of constant thorny pain in my as…,” adds Davy Ray in the rear of the room then chuckles with a heavy tone as Miss S eye burns him and.
She comments. “Young man, thank you so very much for your acute observation. You live in your House that’s on the sheet of paper but every home has a Mama and Daddy who is usually the ruler over your teen evil ways….(chuckles)….the same concept applies to your House since you are ruled not by flesh and bone parents but by a celestial planet. Good example, the Planet of Mars is ruled by the star Aries. The Planet of Neptune is ruled by the constellation Pisces. Venus is ruled by the fixed star of Taurus. Mercury is ruled by the star Gemini. However the planet of Mars is the most powerful ruler of all the planets which would include its presentation inside any of the Houses. Does that make sense?
“The reason we’re studying the silly Houses and Planets is because I don’t have a prepared lecture for your class since I was contacted at six o’clock this morning to substitute at this High School. I live in Montgomery which isn’t a short hop here without taking a train. So I like astronomy deciding that I would teach a short impromptu lecture for today. And I promise everyone has received the letter grade of an A. Let’s have some more fun before we go to lunch. Astronomers predict that something fantastic will happen over the skies of Earth ya know the usual eclipse and loss of cell phone service but astrologists believe you…as a flesh and bone teen will be affected maybe your hair grows longer or your teeth become sharper or you start peeing on the floor like a dog…,” laughing from the non-academic students as Miss S orders. “Your assignment…”
“Boo…,” visual student #1 shouts in his French horn.
“Naw…” visual student #2 yells in his baritone trombone.
“Boom…,” visual student #3 hollers in his alto saxophone.
“Yee-haw…,” visual student #4 screams in his bass drum.
Miss S explains. “Your assignment is due on Friday morning of the twenty-second of November in a typed format which I prefer or a hand written report is totally acceptable to me which will detail the date and the very rare celestial phenomena will hints from the paper in your hands. I have provided the named planets and the star map which will easier lead to your conclusion.” She inhales then exhales commenting. “Let’s have some fun and see if something will happen to you on this rare event. Who would like to be my first customer? No takers, how about you, dear? What’s your name?” Miss S pads to Cinta’s desk on her left.
“Cinta.” She names looking at Miss S.
“May I see your circle, Cinta.” Miss S asks holding out her right hand as Cinta lifts the paper into Miss S’s nostrils while Miss S smiles. “Cinta, let’s see…you are a Gemini which is ruled by Mercury. The Planet of Mercury represents the sign of communications…(chuckles)…for…”
“Told her right. Cinta talks all the dang time about heck fire of any thing, any one and any where.” Davy Ray adds to the lecture as soft chuckles bounce on the floor.
Miss S lectures. “Cinta is marked by a quick inventive mind you are up-to-date on all current events…”
“Hot gossip…,” dumps Lara Lee with a sweet smile at Cinta.
“And has shrewd powers of observation. You have an adaptable, versatile intellect, and intuition about the relationship…,” lectures Miss S.
“Sex…” declares Bobby Joe with a great big smile.
“No, ma’am…,” words Cinta shaking her skull side to side. 
“Shut up, Bobby Joe.” Garth reprimands in tenor punching his folded fist into Bobby Joe’s bicep.
Miss S details reading the circle. “You enjoy traveling.” Heavy claps and cheers echo to the ceiling.
“Me...me…me…pick me next.” Rwanda waves her right hand in the air as Miss S continues to read the single sheet of paper and.
She concludes. “Lastly…your star of Gemini is being swallowed by the Planet of Mars which is dominating you. That’s interesting! You should definitely stay home and watch TV, dear.” She purses her lips, ugly handing off the paper to Cinta then two-steps on low heels to her left smiling and extending her hand to Risa. “What’s your name?”
“Risa.” I sing in flute music and smile.
Miss S explains reading my circle. “Risa, your star of Taurus is rising over your planet of Venus. This is love. Did you know that?” I giggle quickly cutting my eyeballs to Garth. He grins with a goofy smile back at me, when Billy Jack and Bobby Joe both plow their folded fist punches into each of Garth’s biceps. I smile at Miss S. “You will form deep emotional love attachments…”
“Boom.” Davy Ray shouts along with arms raised to the ceiling.
Miss S continues to view the paper. “You exude great charm, wit and a good conversationalist…”
“But, not good in academics, that’s for dang shore…,” Billy Jack adds for my torment while soft giggles echoes around the room.
“You’re popular and enjoying traveling. Marriage is important for you. Twenty-second of November will be a very nice day for you, sweetie.” Miss S nods at me then hands me the paper.
“Thank you.” I smile as Miss S about faces her body marching her legs straight to Beck holding her right arm out for his circle as he presents his paper chuckling and smiling silly.
“I’m Beck.” He greets with his usual happy self.
“Beck, you are the constellation of Aries, here on your paper. It is ruled by the planet of Mars that means you go after, what you want. You’re not discouraged by obstacles…,” tapping his wheelchair tire. “You possess sheer determination and strength of will expressing your shared energy best with your peers, which probably means your family members.”
“Got that right?” Lara Lee yells, smirking.
Miss S lectures. “You’re a great leader and a fearless competitor.”
“Harvest Emperor…,” Davy Ray chuckles along with some of the Seniors for their evil plan.
“Very good.” She moves to the row last in the rear of the room tapping on collar bones then stops at Garth. “May I?” Miss S holds her right palm open as Garth hands off his circle and.
“Garth.” He names with a smiling at the teacher and.
Miss S pats his right collar bone with her left hand and explains. “This is simply marvelous. Your star constellation is Pisces which is ruled by the intuitive Planet of Neptune. You’re fired on many, many levels in your life physically, emotional, and mentally. You’re a flaring bomb fire at the river bank. You are pure logic and reason. You find expression through beauty and harmony making your ultimate purpose love and marriage which only go hand-and-hand. You will be King of your House and I hope you have a Queen to share with your fun on twenty-second of November.”
“Boom…,” visual student #1 yells in his baritone trombone.
“Yee-haw…,” visual student #2 hollers in his French horn.
“Lunchtime…,” visual student #3 shouts in her alto saxophone.
“Boo…,” visual student #4 yells in his bass drum.
Miss S returns to her desk, nodding and fingering the window. “I have one more item for your lecture. There are two different ways for the Milky Way galaxy planets to align. Does anyone want to pitch me a theory? I will award hundred points towards your six-week grade of the semester.”
Garth raises his hand, saying. “The first way, when folks hear the words, planetary alignment, they imagine viewing the solar system of planets over the North Pole which forms a straight line towards the Sun. Planet Mercury will be the first then is followed by the other worlds hidden behind Mercury.”
Miss S nods, smiling. “Very good! You receive hundred points.”
Beck tosses his hand, waiting. She nods. “The second type of alignment, the planets follow a straight line traced out in the blue sky. All the planets will line in the same plane or space of the sky, which can be seen with your naked eyes. Each orbital plane will lie within a few degrees of Earth’s orbital plane, appearing as a perfect straight line.”
Miss S smiles, nodding at him. “You, too, receive hundred points. My stars! We have lots of smart cowboys and cowgirls, here at Apollo High School. And, I do believe that the smart cow-folks can determine their weekly assignment. Yay!”
The school bell rings.
“Naw!” Billy Ray stands, shaking his skull, exiting the classroom. 

Wednesday. November 13th. Afternoon. Patillo Farm. 2:11pm. I pull my car into the garage, slamming the garage door shut as I enter the kitchen and stop at the kitchen half-circular bar counter pausing at Mama, Daddy and Cox surrounding the round Breakfast table for a formal meeting standing like a solider upon the floor as Daddy stands then stomping his cowboy boots while giving me a hug and a quick peck on my right cheekbone. Daddy walks me to his once-occupied chair as I stand opposite side of Mama and diagonally from Cox while Cox extends his right hand for shaking then I shake it and sit in the chair quietly staring at Mama without any facial distortion since she’s get mad when I pout like a toddler in front of visiting guests.
“Hello, Risa it’s very nice to meet ya.” Cox smoothes in a bass drum matching Beck’s voice and wheelchair but not eye frames as I cut my eyeballs and nod my skull, once in silence at him like a good Southern belle.
Daddy whispers into my right eardrum. “Excellent timing, Risa.” Daddy pads around me taking the seat on my left as Mama holds both hands in her face and.
Mama softly intros. “This is Cox Actworth. He’s our representative attorney for all our personal and business transactions regarding our farm, land, buildings…assets.”
Cox lifts, drags, and presents a three-inched stack of various papers from palm-sized to legal-size papers with black ink over the white paper and a single colored red tab on each sheet while finger pointing at the top paper while pushing his eyeglasses with his right index finger upon his nose bridge as I answer like a good daughter. “Fiddlesticks, Mama! I know who Mr. Actworth is and what he represents. Mr. Actworth is a lawyer from his own law firm named Apollo Legal which is right next door to the Apollo Bank where we and all the folks of Apollo goes for loans and money.”  Cox fingers the first legal document while I eye ball and examine the small palm-sized paper noting that the red tab highlights a straight horizontal line for my personal hand signature.
Cox smiles at me. “Risa, this is a signature note card for your Mama and Daddy’s personal bank account at Apollo Bank.” I look at the note card then eye burn Mama and.
I ask with puzzlement wrinkling my forehead, ugly. “For ya’ll’s money, why, Mama?” Mama does not look well since her face is ashen and her body is limp inside the wheelchair that covers in two light wool blankets from her chest to both her legs and does not stare at me but holds her skull inside both her palms.
“It’s just a precaution…,” mumbles Mama as my eardrums catch the words.
I look at Daddy. “Precaution of what exactly, Daddy?” Butterflies invade my stomach.
“In case of any emergencies, that’s all Risa.” Daddy pats my left arm since the limbs hang on the table surrounding the stack of papers protecting them from harm as I sign the first note card with my full name Risa Dawn Patillo while Cox pulls the paper from the top of the stack near his dress shirt then I look at the second note card with a second red tab for my name signature then I stare at the kitchen wall above Mama’s skull and then I swing my face to stare at Daddy and.
Cox explains. “This is the note card for your parents’ business farm’s bank accounts. Please sign at the red tab, Risa.”
I yell. “O my stars! You’re dying. That’s why you going back to the doctor for a special set of testing to determine the day that you will die. Mama!? It all makes sense….,” dropping my mouth, staring at Mama as she slightly shakes her head then looks into my eyeballs and.
Mama remarks with a soft soprano. “Risa, you have a vivid imagination. You should major in theater and become an actress. I’m not dying…for a very, very long time, dear.” I look at the note card and sign my name Risa Dawn Patillo as Cox whips it away like a lightning bolt and.
“And, why I am signing all these papers for the farm?” I scan the next letter paper which lists the farm loans on the land, house, farm equipment, and animals signing my name as Cox pulls the sheet into his stack of papers.
Daddy taps his right five finger pads on the table surface which is a habit for him of both happiness and nervousness. “You’re our only relative on the planet, Risa. It’s most logical for you to have the farm…in case of any type of emergency.” I scribble my name on the loan paper as Cox retrieves it fasting then a rattlesnake attack and I eye burn Daddy.
“Stop using that phrase…,” yelling in piccolo music as Cox finger points at the next paper and.
He explains. “This is…”
“No!” I yell in soprano piccolo and stand from the chair rattling the small flower arrangement on the surface. “Tell me! Why I am signing papers when I just turned seventeen years old? I know that the legal age is eighteen years old in Alabama for all adult decision…”
“Cox…,” Daddy names and stands looking at Cox. “Please wait for us at the bank. We will be there before the closing hour of five with all the papers for you. I’ll explain the legal documents to Risa as she finishes her work.” Cox nods backing his chair away from table, without slapping the kitchen wall then smoothly maneuvers his right to the right out the wide archway then left towards the front door. Daddy held modified the flooring jerking the carpet from the Living Room and removing the front door screen while adding the ramp plate from the front porch to the front sidewalk allowing an easy ride for Cox and Cox’s wheelchair.
We, three place in silence as we watch out the front porch window from the Kitchen Cox disappear around the bumper of his service van and hear the loud whining of the platform lift him into the rear of the van as Daddy taps his index finger at the next paper and.
He explains. “There’s not a lot of papers left, Risa. You’re our only daughter which is logically for you to have access to our….(smiles)…now your personal and business bank accounts for the farm. Today’s different then in yesteryears past. You’re right the legal age of any adult is eighteen years old here in Alabama unless that parents of that child grants that child access to the financial and legal bank accounts which we are doing. You will be going off to college in the summertime, pumpkin while having fun and enjoying your free spirited days of fun and play before you take over the farm. Your Mama and I thought it best that you sign all the papers so’s ya don’t have to return to Apollo during your school session. And’s you will have a direct access to money for your living expenses in college without bothering us. You’re one lucky little girl, Risa since not many parents would trust their child.” He smiles patting my left bicep as I nosily inhale then deeply exhale looking at Mama as she holds her skull in both her hands.
My parents are dying. “Yes, sir!” I sit in the chair pulling it closer to the table surface while I quickly review the document then quickly scribble my hand writing on the rest of the papers that consist of the deed to the farm land, the abstract for the homestead, and the final Mama and Daddy’s Last Will and Testimony as I hold back my teardrops since this move doesn’t make any sense because Mama looks like dead already being pale and weak. Daddy doesn’t eat either worrying about Mama probably going to die right after her death as I sob without any noise then finish the Last Will and Testimony. I land the ink pen down then straight the papers into a neat stack and hand off to Daddy’s pre-offered hand.
He smiles placing the legal papers into his briefcase at the side of his chair and orders. “We’re going to bank to see Cox before the bank closes at five o’clock,” looks at wall clock. “It’s almost three o’clock. We’ll finish our part of the signature formality but probably will arrive home late in the evening. Don’t worry! You’ll be a rich little girl when this is over with but in the meantime since Mama’s not feeling well. How’s about we eat three boxes of cheese pizza tonight instead of pinto beans and corn bread. Nice treat, okay, Risa?”
“Yes, sir!” I nod my skull, once looking at Mama who doesn’t move her skull or acknowledgement anything with her words since Sunday afternoon but only lazily lounges inside that wheelchair during the day or inside her dark bedroom at nighttime as I wonder what’s she dying of. Daddy rounds the table positioning behind Mama’s wheelchair carefully moving her backwards from the table without causing any injury as I watch and sob back the tears that are going to flow down my face as they disappear out the front doors into the new service van that Daddy purchased yesterday to transport Mama around the farm and the city of Apollo.
I stand forcefully slamming my fist on the table, shouting. “No!” I sob with tears scanning the window, noting. My Daddy is backing the service van out the driveway for the Bank. I slam the chair against the wall twisting towards the back door of the house, racing outside to my ATV inside the barn.
I jerk open the door sliding into the cool leather seat cranking the cold engine crying and sobbing between the tears then plow my right boot on the gas pedal as the ATV hauls its metal can from the opening into the bright sunlight. I twist the steering wheel to the right following the old worn dirt path to the north pasture of cows then twist the wheel to the left pathing towards the Hut where Garth’s playing on the silly pregnancy binoculars.
I soar like a bird across the smooth open field of tall knee-high wild red and yellow flowers dancing in the breeze while bouncing my body up and down like a trotting horse in the leather seat since I forget to web my bee_hind into the seat driving at 30 MPH as the ATV drops like a yo-yo down the slight sloped grade into the tiny stream of fresh water used by the cows for drinking. I lift my right boot off the pedal slowing my speed when I hit the water spraying lovely waterfalls of water into the air bathing the wheels, doors, me, and the underbelly of the ATV then I stomp my boot on the gas plowing into the gently rolling up a slight hill then down a slight hill of a single cow pasture used for housing the beef cows who don’t pay attention to me as I whip around their tiny groups of grazing skulls and wiggling tails.
I drive between the tractor path consisting of flat and dried packed brown dirt at 50 MPH leaving tornado tails and sliding tears down my face as I see the outline of the tiny hut between the blurry tears since my hands and foot know where to drive without the use of my eyesight and mind probe. I veer to the right down the secret but overgrowth pathway since the hut and the picnic table are used to often these days because little kids turn into big kids who like to date the opposite sex who like to explore new sights and new places.
“Garth,” yelling, while seeing. He kneecaps, fiddling with the wooden stand holding the pregnancy binoculars. I holler, again. “Garth!?”
He stands scanning with eyeballs the surrounding fields then twists around and sees me plowing through the mud puddles towards him as he moves from the stand into the clearing bending at his elbows with his hands spread-eagle for me to stop. I slam on the brakes as the ATV slides to the right in the mud while I compensate to the left then it guides to the left while it performs a half-completed circle with the tail lights facing Garth then it stops with me facing the cotton field after I slam on the brakes.
I stand from the leather and crouch my neck and back muscles under the metal roof top since I’m a tall girl as Garth races to my distress slamming open the driver’s door catching my falling body into his arms pulling me into his chest as he drags me from the ATV and cuddles me like a baby inside his folded arms whispering into my right eardrum. “You’re not wearing your webbing, sweetheart. That’s very dangerous…”
I cry and sob with soft words near his jaw line. “My parents are dying.” Garth quickly trucks us to the edge of the wooden bench at the picnic table scooting his back muscles against the table hugging his arms around me and kissing my wet forehead with dry soft lips.
He sings in deep bass drum. “Dead? Did ya say that your parents are dead?” I cry with tears running down my dirty and sweaty face with shaking my skull slightly side to side and.
I announce with a heavy heart and confused mind. “No, they’re dying.”
Garth loosens his bear hug, saying. “Shh! It’s okay, Risa, breathe. You’re hyperventilating, sweetheart. Inhale with a deep breath then exhale with a slow deep breathes.” I swallow the gathered thick salvia inside my mouth breathing through my parted lips since my nose is clogged with clear snot of running mucus then he words into my right eardrum. “Good girl! Dying? That’s a strong word? What has happened, Risa?”
I sob then cry, then sob. “Cox…”
“Cox Actworth, he’s Beck’s older brother.”
I state with wet eyelashes at the grass. “Cox was at the house when I came home today after school. He had papers, legal papers for me to sign.”
“Cox is a lawyer.” Garth kisses my forehead.
“My parents have given the entire farm to me, because they’re dying of something. Why didn’t they say? Tell me! Something’s medical wrong with them? I’m going to be alone in the world…,” sobbing and crying after my story.
Garth hugs me into his chest, pecking a light kiss on the top of my earlobe then whispering into my right eardrum like a baby. “Shh! Okay, Risa. You’re not going to be alone. I’m here with ya, babe. So’s…let us together look at all the true facts, one, your Mama and Daddy’s not inside a hospital in Montgomery, right?”
“No! But Mama goes to the doctor this week…,” peeling off the upcoming medical tests that will determine when she dies while Garth hugs my body then pulls back and.
He continues. “She sustained a nasty bone break with a bull’s hoof, right? She’s lucky that heifer didn’t slice her bone clear through. Bullies are big and mean for a reason since we let to eat them suckers with lots of greens and tons of taters…,” words Garth as I giggle with delight at Garth’s sick humor which makes me feel so much better about my silly conclusion about my Mama and Daddy since I love them so much ya know being with them all my seventeen years of life.
Garth lectures. “Two, they’re very healthy. I’ve see your Daddy eat three T-bones steaks without burping…now that’s a hardy and healthy male, right?” I nod my skull, once and Garth continues. “Three, my parents also signed a legal document for sections of their land over to me and my brothers for some kinda tax and legal purposes which I don’t really to understand. And’s I’s didn’t ask, either. I just scratched my name and initialed that solid line down at the bottom of every page, right? You did the same thing.”
“Yeah…,” singing in alto music staring my blurry eyeballs at the grass.
“There, sweetheart, see its no big deal. They aren’t dying. You’re just upset about your Mama bumping into that bull but your parents are really smart in providing for you always…for the rest of your days.”
“O!” I sing in low alto, since I got snot in both my nose holes and down my throat from crying. “Sorry….,” wording softly while wiping my eyelashes and nose with the clean handkerchief provided by Garth since all southern gentlemen carry handkerchiefs.
“Okay, Risa. I am here for you, sweetie.”
“Thanks…,” singing in alto cuddling into his chest with his strong arms wrapped around my body while he tenderly kisses my forehead and I welcome. “Well, I’m going to be a farmer for the rest of my life, here. Did Cinta get a section of the land, too?” Garth shifts me around inside his lap then readjusts the angle of his face and.
He sings in baritone. “Naw! She doesn’t want any land. She’s going to travel around the world…”
“After ya’ll graduate college, aren’t both of you going to visit Paris in your travels?” I inquire based on Cinta’s statements.
“Only if ya want it to be our honeymoon spot, after we marry, precious then we be a couple of farmers…right back here…,” words and chuckles from Garth into my right eardrum as I wrinkle my forehead, ugly.
“But, Cinta…,” saying. 
Garth looks funny at me. “But, Cinta, what?”
“I feel so stupid making a big deal of signing some shiny fancy pieces of papers. I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t be, babe! How’s about I calm you’re beating heart inside our hut…,” suggests and grins Garth with an evil smile.
“I can’t. I’m not supposed to here but at home taking a bath.”
“I can assist in there, too…,” smirks Garth.
I turn bright pink in my face with the afternoon being slightly dark outside so he can’t see it. “You…,” reprimanding with a soft mutter dropping my red face into his chest.
“Garth…,” correct while he chuckles and smiles from his happy face into my neck.
“You beast…,” insulting while giggling with my flute music.
“No, Garth.” He smiles and kisses my forehead chuckling with his amusing silly humor holding me tighter. “Cheer up! Ya know! On Monday, the sun, moon, and all the planets from Mercury to Saturn will cluster within an 18-degree area of our sky along with a new moon. So, there’ll be total eclipse of the sun somewhere in there. Pretty much ensuring a portend of doom.”
I frown in his arms, “I feel better already.”
Garth touches the telescope then fingers the stars. “Look at the night sky. You’ll see what I’m seeing. And the Science teacher’s talking about.” I gaze into the sky. He narrates. “See the puke green ball, that’s tiny Mercury. Right now, Mercury and Venus are 26-degrees apart.” He smiles, “I’m so glad you’re here, Risa.”
“Me, too.”
He slides under the telescope, lying on the ground, patting the blanket. “Lay with me, Risa.” I park next to his warm body, smiling. He gazes in the telescope, saying. “Mars and Jupiter are about 21-degrees apart, with Saturn at 14-degrees away. The moon makes this a pretty sight, this evening.
“Yeah, a pretty sight,” gazing at his chin, then his nose, then his left eyeball, giggling.
“Mars is 2-degrees from Saturn and then moves away making the sun and the five planets span closer. Mercury comes within 1-degree from Venus, not too close for our naked eyeballs.
“Naked eyeballs,” giggling.
“The sun and planets are now falling within 28-degrees of each other. You start to see some of the planets looking big white round balls in the night sky. On syzygy…”
“Zyzy thingy.”
He turns to smile at me, chuckling. “The Zyzy thingy, the sun, moon, and the five planets fall within 18-degrees of each other, very close to Earth,” views the telescope. “Jupiter will pass through an Earth-Sun-Jupiter alignment. Mercury will slide by Jupiter. Saturn goes through a Venus-Sun-Jupiter alignment, where Venus and Jupiter will be separated by only 45 seconds of an arc. Venus will pass in front of Jupiter. Mercury will zoom by Mars within 1-degree. Jupiter runs through both Saturn and Venus after passing directly behind the sun within 2-degrees from Mars. The final mass of bright stars including the sun, the moon, us, and the four other planets will occur on Monday, November 18th for one hour or 60 minutes or 360 seconds,” chuckling. “…fitting in a circle of eight-degrees in diameter.”
“That’s hot!”
“That’s not all, either. The closest clustering of the five naked-eye planets occurred February, 27 in the year 1953 BC, when Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn formed a four-degree circle. All seven heavenly bodies, five planets, the sun and the moon, was the closest on March 22, 1622 within 15-degrees of each other.”
“1622 is that year important for some reason.”
Garth wears the telescope. “On March 20, 2675, the next closest clustering of five-stars will be within 22-degrees.”
“Wow! The month of March, 2675, that’s 670 years from now.” 
“Yeah! The gravitational strengths of the planets will be at maximum payload. That means. Big gigantic tidal waves from the oceans across all the seas, even in the smaller fresh lakes inland, since the moon will be the closest, ever to Earth. Some major and minor earthquakes, too. And of the planets, the major contributor will be Venus.”
“The love planet,” smiling and nodding.
“Yeah! The love world,” he winks at me. “…will project the strongest gravitation pulls, effecting people emotions.”
“How?”
“Making folks think goofy thoughts and mushy stuff, during the planetary alignment. Jupiter, the largest of the planets plus Saturn will absorb the sun’s light then bounce on poor Earth. A full egocentricity is impossible, thou…”
“Ego-center me…”
“All the planets will never form a perfect straight line out from the Sun or will be superimposed on each other in the sky, because each planetary orbit is tilted slightly with respect to the Earth. Thus, if you view the night sky you see a planetary configuration or a loose grouping of the planets. The Solar system is dominated by the Sun, which contains 99.90% of the galaxy’s mass. The other tenth is composed of the gas giants, and the solid bits and bites of the other smaller worlds, like Earth.” Garth nods. “Next week, on Monday, there’ll be presented over your skull, a heliocentric planetary alignment. It had occurred 390 or so years ago, before I was born,” chuckling with me. “Five of the planets will be on the same side of the Sun within 96-degrees, really close together in a line, fooling the naked eyeball. Does the Earth tilt over? Naw! Do tidal waves trigger earthquakes? Yeah! Do the polar ice caps melt? Yeah! Do ya see the conjunction of dark planets? Yeah! Then, you were blinded from the light,” chucking.
“Sounds, not good!”
“My parents are planning a Planetary Party. Ya wanna go, Risa?”
“Under an 18-degree of planetary alignment…,” giggling.
He hugs me. “That’s my cowgirl.”

Thursday. November 14th. Afternoon. Patillo Farm. 2:12pm. I truck into the kitchen from my early release from school. My Mama and Daddy sit around the table and Daddy calls waving his right hand at me. “Good, honey! Come and sit down, here…(pats the empty chair)…we something new information to share.” He slides the bowl of fruit that contains whole green grapes, slices of strawberries, and apples as I chow down with my right finger pads.
“Okay.” I sit with my arms rudely surrounding the small plate on the table while I stare at Mama looking very pale inside her wheelchair.
“Risa, honey, we have some bad news to share with ya’ll….(pauses)…well…(looks at Lottie Ann)….have ya heard that Actworth has their house and land up for sale?” 
I drop my mouth like a hunger shark and softly word. “Beck’s moving, that’s weird. I wonder why…(pauses)…the Actworth’s land’s excellent property for more cows or corn, don’t ya think, Daddy?”
“My baby’ll be a good farmer.” Daddy compliments patting my left hand as I pop a grape into my mouth with my right two finger pads. “Ya know, we don’t engage in gossip around the community but I did see the walls of brown square boxes on the front porch and a big FOR SALE sign along the roadside as well as meeting Cox at the Bank this morning to finish signing our legal papers. He mentioned that we should start to find a new lawyer since he’s closing his office by the end of the month.”
“Beck’s moving, why, Daddy? He won’t finish High School with me and Garth.” I eat a grape and chew.
“You and Garth….,” questions Mama as she lifts her ashen face to stare at me.
“Me, Garth, and Cinta, ya know, we’re all in the Senior class together along with Beck. Will he stay and graduate High School with me since there’s only….uh…four months of school?” I eat an apple slice and chew.
“There’s five months of school left, Risa, not four. Did you every pass a math class?” Lottie Ann corrects in a harsh alto tone.
My Daddy says, not chewing with good Southern gentleman manners. “We don’t know why, either, honey. The Actworth Family is moving away from Apollo…”
“Where to…another city in Bama? Did ya ask?” I eat two grapes and chew looking at Daddy.
“No, sweetie. The scoop is that the Warfields have proposed an offer on the Actworth’s land. But, that isn’t our business so for now our bad news….(looks at Lottie Ann)…we can’t sent to you college, Risa.” He smiles nodding his skull side to side staring at me then adds. “Maybe…next year, sweetheart.”
“No college. Then, I will be a farmer, Daddy.” I smile then eat the strawberries and chew.
“No, you will not be a farmer Risa. We’ll send you to college next summer…,” mumbles softly from Mama with her face into her hands that I’m used to seeing all the time.
Daddy presents a set of dead pan straight pin lips and informs. “Well, pumpkin, we might have to sale off some of our fields if your Mama’s medical treatment requires her to stay inside a hospital in Montgomery.”
“Mama to stay inside a hospital but you said that you’re going for a couple of tests.” I repeat Mama’s words wrinkling my forehead, ugly while feeling my esophagus drop into my belly.
“Tomorrow, Risa, your Mama and I’ll raise at four-thirty in the morning leaving out from the farm with our load of cows and corn to the Farmer’s Market Coop. Your Mama starts her medical tests in the last afternoon while she spends the night inside the hospital…,” updates Daddy as I drop my mouth like a hunger shark.
“Hospital…,” mice squeaking the word and looking at Mama.
“It is only a precaution, Risa since the tests will make your Mama tired and….(smiles at Lottie Ann)…absent from her working duties on the farm. So’s we plan to stay the night on Friday in Montgomery departing late in the afternoon for home arriving around suppertime. so’s your to stay the evening with the Warfields…”
“I’ll contact Annabelle for her permission…,” words Mama softly hugging her hot beverage in the coffee cup as I eat a grape, chew real fast and.
I smile and share. “No need, Mama. I’s been spending-the-night with Cinta on Friday since we were in the seventh grade.”
“It is more Southern manners than redneck habits, Risa. Please remember that lesson and please discontinue using that hillbilly slang.” Mama holds both hands inside her skull. “Don’t you have homework?”
I obey, standing from the table. “Yes, ma’am.” I slowly turn to head to my room to a) not study and b) pout.

Friday. November 15th. Night. Novena Festival. 6:21pm. I selfishly dangle my car keys in the air with my right hand making tiny pings of noise as the small red backpack elegantly bounces against my shoulder blades holding my wallet for driving and money for paying while dragging Cinta’s bee_hind by her right arm towards my car. The closed and locked trunk of my Charger holds my ‘old’ but ‘new’ white formal prom dress and a second red backpack with a pair of white sandals and a pack of pink lipstick since I don’t normally wear pink lipstick around class. I use cosmetic makeup at the football games for fun since Mama only allows me to do that once per week so I use and abuse that privilege straight down to hell until I live home and go to college. I lecture in flute music. “Let’s go, Cinta. We’re running late. The Festival started at six. Ya know how crowded some of the game booths get. I’m driving.” My evil plot is to dominate Cinta’s person and Cinta’s personality throughout the Festival exhibitions which she hates with a purple passion since I know her like a true sister then Cinta will run off and find one of the sweet cowboys to escort her around the remaining booths of the Festival while leaving me playing with myself so I can sneak off, change into the formal white Prom dress, and quickly stand-in for absentee Lara Lee as ‘Harvest Empress’ right beside Beck so he’s not embarrassed and Novena Festival is over for all the Seniors. I ponder that Beck’s moving away from Apollo is probably best for him since he and his family are especially not well-liked by the other folks of cow town Apollo with a working theory that’s connected to money. Every thing is money. The Actworth clans seen have tons of money while the Warfields have tons of kids.
 I stop at the passenger side of my car then jerk with my left five finger pads open the door as it swings like a wide mouth bass for the dangling bait while Cinta stands like a solider looking at the clean shiny black leather interior of my car then swings her face to the old SUV that her Mama’s drives around town and Cinta adjusts. “I can drive.” I smile with a wicked lips and an evil thought leaning my face into her nostrils and.
“I have my car which has a full tank of gas, one and two, Mama doesn’t like that you wrecked your car two months ago and still rely upon….,” reminding in my new bass flute as Cinta two-steps from my body and.
She mews in soft kitty-cat tone. “Ya told your Mama?” I roller ball my pupils into the rear of my skull and.
I sing in flute music. “Fiddlesticks, Cinta! Everyone told my Mama and your Mama and their Mama. The entire township knows that your car somehow found that fence post chasing down Bobby Joe…”
“Fine. I’m getting into the car…,” words Cinta sliding into the passenger seat slamming the door as I pedal my boots around the truck scooting into the driver’s seat. I crank the cold engine letting it idol as I secure my safety belt as taught…naw…drilled into my skull by my Daddy for both love and protection.
“Safety belt.” I remind Cinta who wasn’t properly drilled by her Daddy while fiddling my hands with the electronic cutting off the radio and turning on the headlights since it’s dark already in the late afternoon November as Cinta secures her belt and.
She lectures as I slowly path the car down the long concrete private driveway. “We don’t have to leave so early, Risa.”
“Garth left at five-thirty or so ….,” tattling from my spying as Cinta looks out the window and.
She orders. “Stop spying on Garth. You’re giving me raised goose bumps every time I see your eyeballs turned into his direction which includes during classes in High School, at the table in the Kitchen, and watching TV in the Living Room. Hot dangling, Risa!” She swings her face at me and lectures. “My Mama’s going to notice that something’s up with you and him.”
“Your Mama likes me.” I smirk with a set of wicked lips, right while concentrating on the road driving a little faster then normal on the empty road that I know by heart since the Warfield farm surrounds my house on the south side while the Actworth farm lounges on the north side. The east and west sides of property are owned by respective families that goes all the way to the county lines as Cinta busies with something in her purse revealing her lipstick since her Mama allows her to wear makeup and.
She lectures. “Remember the plan, Risa. We leave right before the overhead speaker announcement for the representatives to go to the gym which is a few minutes before eight o’clock. That’s our vocal signal all Seniors are gone from Festival. So’s we ain’t suspect of being involved in the evil plot. Actworth, Senior can be a bull in a China shop as the old axiom goes if’an he’s provoked causing us some major trouble.”
“Then, maybe the plan should be foiled.” I muse with a sleek smirk out of Cinta’s eyeballs since the interior of the car is dark as Cinta snorts like wild boar and.
She corrects. “Foiled, you mean…folded like it should be closed down. Is that the proper verb you’re trying to pronounce, Risa?”
“Yeah, that’s the proper word since I’s gots that ‘D’ in English grammar, last year.” I giggle with a girly twang since my rotten academic grades provide an excellent excuse of my upcoming evil plot. “I heard that the Actworth clan is leaving.”
“They aren’t leaving the Festival since Beck represents the Senior…,” dumps Cinta.
I clarify. “No, Daddy told that the Actworth clan’s moving away from Apollo.”
“No. They’ll never leave, ever.” Cinta plays on her cell texting.
“Daddy saw a FOR SALE sign along the roadside.” I update driving the car.
“No. They’re not moving, ever. Your Daddy needs reading eyeglasses, Risa.” Cinta plays on her cell phone while texting.
“Cox told Daddy to find another lawyer because their moving from Apollo.”
“Why’s your Daddy talking to Cox? Cox is a lawyer.”
“Mama and Daddy have added me to the farm bank accounts and legal papers so’s I…,” updating without thinking while driving the car.
Cinta stares at me with her mouth open like a hunger shark. “Ya own the entire farm including the house, the barns, the tractors and the cows. How in the universe are ya going to go to college with me if you’re responsible for an entire farm, Risa?”
I by-pass the student parking lot turning into the third road on the right explaining as best as I can since there’s lots of things happening in my life. “Mama and Daddy take care of the farm. I’m only seventeen-years old. I’m not required to assume farm obligations but since Mama’s got hurt they have decided to add me legally to all the assets, Cinta. Ya know, just like Garth’s added to your parents’ farm along with your brothers sectioning out the lots of land for their future.”
“No.” Cinta sings in high clarinet.
“Yes.” I sing in high flute as Cinta looks at me and.
She corrects. “No, Risa. Garth doesn’t own any parts of the farm, because he’s going travel the world right after graduation leaving tiny Apollo for Paris, France. He talks about it all the time and can’t wait to graduate.” I purse my lips, tightly contrasting Cinta’s words with Garth’s statement. Garth wants to be a farmer. He has told me about a million times. Cinta wants to go to college, since she has told me about a zillion times.
Garth told me that she wanted to travel. However, Cinta has told me that Garth wants to travel, and now he doesn’t hold any sections of the farm to be a farmer.
Cinta presents duck lips, ugly staring at me. “I don’t understand you, Risa. Ya spy on poor Garth. Then you talk about being a farmer. While we have decided to go to college sharing an apartment to become famous horror novel writers, and now, you own the dang farm. What’s going on here, Risa? Which is the truth, here, Risa?”
“We’re here!” I jerk the gear into park, stopping the car, right before hitting the set of children’s swing sets in the playground arena.
Cinta swings her face staring at the swing set, big slide, tree swings, and other elementary school playground equipment as I cut of the headlights. She complains. “This ain’t the parking lot, girl best. I think I should drive us in the future. The student parking lot back there…(thumbs her fist towards the east)…this is the kiddie’s playground…”
“A perfect place for parking, if ya need to escape, without detection, girl-best. Ya see if I park in the student parking lot then one of the many sin-eating Actworth clan members will recognize my sleek new Charger since its fire engine red. Because like you kept mentioning we don’t want to be a potential suspect of the evil plot.” I nod. “Back here, see, there’s no bright pole lights only that single one that’s casting shadows over the grounds and dulling my red finish on my car. Then, we scoot out the Festival and back home while we are foreverly forgotten. The end.”
Cinta curls a slight smirk on her red-painted lipstick then holds her right hand in a high-five as I bust it with my open palm. She compliments. “You’re a slick serpent, Risa. I didn’t know ya being a good spy and great escape planner. You go, girl best.”
I crack the door open. “Time to go! Do our thing!” I slide off the leather grabbing the red backpack trotting around the rear bumper .
Cinta stands soldierly staring at the rear of the building. “Where are we?” I entangle her left arm into my right arm like a pair of true sisters leading her into the side door which the elementary students First through Fourth Graders use to access the playground equipment on pretty school days and.
I explain, pathing towards the door. “The elementary side of the building, where the children play. Don’t ya remember our recess time, here in the Second Grade, Cinta?” I smirk with a set of wicked lips, right in the darkness since that historical playground pad had been moved since our days of free and frolic as young kids only because Daddy seats on the PTA (parent and teacher association) and attends all the nightly meeting for upgrading the school grounds. Then Daddy discusses the datum with Mama at the Dinner Table as I don’t really listen but the English words kinda stick between my brain cells like glue and now I can use in my counter evil plot to the original evil plan.
“Yeah, I remember.” Cinta words softly then I slam open the side door revealing an empty plain white concrete hallway with a set of dull white overhead lights and no windows then turn our bodies towards the left side. This is the second entrance point into the school’s gymnasium which is used by the elementary kids a) to access the playground for security and b) to access the gym during a natural disaster drill. I know about the passage way because I toured it with Daddy during one of planned the PTA’s inspections since Daddy didn’t want to go alone while Mama attended her sick horse.
My evil plot will be implemented successfully when I have filled my small red backpack with as many cheap Festival prizes that overflow from the pack while Cinta gets pissed at my over dominate behavior then she runs off to find a cowboy while I run away from her using the secret hallway which leads out of the elementary side of the school building, dropping by my car, grabbing my hidden Prom gear and pathing into a side door of the gym which happens to be unlocked for the natural disaster preparedness State of Alabama legal code. That particular side door of the gym leads to the right into the Girl’s Locker Room for me to change into my Prom dress without Cinta or any Senior knowing or to the left into open flooring of the gym for all types of sporting, band, and social activities at the school.
The gym is a big square with a center stage platform that contains nothing on a regular day but tonight it houses all the prettily new electronic toys that each Harvest Royalty couple will win that includes new TVs, radios, laptops, mobile telephones, and other electronic stuff. On each side of the center stage is a square archway without any doors, the left archway locates the Girl’s Locker Room that I’ll use to make my surprise grand entrance for substituting as Harvest Empress Candidate while the right archway leads down into the Boy’s Locker Room where each male Harvest Emperor Candidate will emerge then the Royal couple meets in the middle of the floor beside the other candidates from the other grade classes. The Apollo teachers who serve as judges just announce the winner of each category which is usually based on the combined coupled GPA. I do feel strongly that the judging element in the Novena Festival is a little bias since this is a farm cow, not an academic campus where lots of the kids are going to be farmers, not professors. Therefore, the couple that wins almost, always, and all the time are the ugly smarty kids, not the cute dumb farmers so I can understand Cinta’s angry but not her hatred picking on Beck Actworth.
I cover my plot dragging her by the arm whispering into her left eardrum. “Ya see, my brilliant plan, Cinta. No one parks their cars out here but us. No one uses this passage way but us for a clean escape.” I buzz her mind with my friendly user plan while she listens and records my every movement since I have found Cinta to be a smart friend but a smarter rebel when she really wants something then she gets that something no matter what or who is in her way.
Cinta comments dragging her boots along with concrete scanning with her naked eyeballs the empty hallway while we head towards a naked wall with a single dull red painted side door on the right. “I should tell the kids.”
I counter quickly with false or true information. “Ya told me that no other Seniors are present for the night’s event, Cinta. Ya know, just me and you…”
“Right, yeah! Why are we here, since its early in the evening?” I path towards the side door noting there are no guards, no guards with weapons, and best of all no nosy Seniors.
I confess with a big smile. “I wanna form a long lasting memory, being a Senior at Apollo High School of my last Novena Festival to tell my grandchildren, Cinta. I plan to live here for the rest of my life.” I release her left arm and open the side door as Cinta enters first then she suddenly stops inside the archway then rapidly back steps like she saw a rattle snake and.
Cinta barely whispers falling even with my body as I play a great actress. “A farmer…hot dangling, it’s the gymnasium’s entrance. Get back before a teacher sees you.” She jerks the door from my hand as it slowly shuts due to the good hydraulics on the metal frame so’s not to squash the little kids in case of a natural emergency as I swing my face towards the opposite side of the hallway and.
I comment innocently. “O! Wrong side, I don’t know this side of the school building. I guess the elementary door must be on the opposite end.” Cinta jerks on my right hand leading us to the correct side and.
She orders. “Let’s get out of here and get lost in the Festival exhibitions before someone recognizes us.” We nosily trot on boot heels down the entire length of the hallway reaching a new set of double doors that paints in puke green which designates the Elementary grades of Kindergarten, First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth in case one of the kid’s vomits on the flooring which matches the flooring. The Middle School houses the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth grades in a neon bright orange which is one of the cheapest paint colors in the Hardware Store while the High School is composed of the Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth grade students looking at baby blue walls all day long since it’s the official color of the sports teams. 
Cinta busts through the first door standing on my left near the wall scanning the faces inside the crowded corridor of shuffling folks moving passed a series of rectangular archways that represents each grade classroom veering towards the left and to the right is the school’s lunchroom where the food vendors are selling tons of fresh steamed hotdogs, grilled hamburgers, juicy BBQ sandwiches, cold ice cream, hot popcorn, Carmel apples, dipped peanut bananas, and other food stuffs as Cinta whispers into my right eardrum. “We got in free of charge. There’s no door monitor here.”
I whip my face towards the left which is the original entrance point of the Novena Festival for all participants since the purpose of the Festival is to raise money for the school to purchase books, notepads, and pencils for the kids since money is a big issue with everyone in Apollo, Alabama as I comment. “We should pay…”
“No, Risa. This is your brilliant idea parking outside near the playground. I…do...not… want any trouble, especially tonight.” I twist my body towards the left eagerly wanting to start with the first Festival exhibition housed at the First Grade class room on the left then working my way around the entire U-shaped school building attacking each exhibition winning a prize then stuffing it into my small backpack which begins my evil plot as I snort like a wild boar and.
“You’re right, Cinta. Okay, lets…,” ordering while I almost slam my nose bridge into Cinta’s nose holes since we’re the same height and.
“….eat…,” commands Cinta turning her body from the left to the right towards the lunchroom as I twist my body from right to left then we violently face each other blocking our movements towards our single minded goal and.
I remind in my new bass flute. “Eat, we just snacked at your house.”
Cinta whines like she stepped her right cowgirl boot in a pile of fresh horse shit and rudely finger pointing at the lunchroom over my right shoulder. “I want some buttered popcorn and two Carmel apples. Mama doesn’t make Carmel apples. That’s the only reason we….are…here, Risa instead of home watching TV.” I quickly rationalize Cinta’s words inside my mind since I’m here for a totally different reason and temporally surrender because Cinta doesn’t have any money inside her pretty leather purse hanging from her left shoulder only her cell phone, a tube of red lipstick and a second tube of black mascara. I usually pay for our togetherness entertainment at school functions like after school band practice when we truck our hunger bodies and tired sneakers from twirling our batons for a solid hour to the lunchroom for sodas and snacks since Cinta’s Mama doesn’t like her eating junk food and.  
I about face skipping even with Cinta’s shoulder walking towards the set of double doors leading into the lunchroom and lightly negotiate continuing my evil plot. “Okay, okay, let’s get you some food but you eat while I play my games. I wanna play all the games going around the building before we have to leave, Cinta.”
“You’re such as a baby, Risa. You can play the silly toddler games to form your long lasting memory as long as my food lasts for my ever empty stomach.” Told ya! Cinta records my every action and act as I laugh and she smiles at me while we stand in the popcorn line and.
“Where’s Garth?” I eye ball every single face who marches with their spouses and children in tow around the numerous food vendors while searching for any other Senior student and come to the true conclusion that Cinta’s correct that my evil class mates have really ditched on Beck which makes me fury with angry and fill with revenge along with curdling my appetite for any food items.
“He’s out on the football field competing in the Pole Climb. That’s why he left so early to be one of the first climbers then he waits for the other stupid boys to finish their climbs before they can announce the second wave of contenders.” Cinta holds the free small food basket that slowly fills with food consisting of a bag of hot buttered popcorn, two Carmel apples, and accepts the single chocolate cupcake while we two-step left into the hotdog line and she suggests. “We should ditch the toddler games, Risa then ya can spend all your time with Garth making a long lasting memory to tell no one…”
“You said that I spied too much on Garth.”
“That ain’t spying. I’ll be right next to ya, but you have my permission to entertain Garth while we wait the boring Pole Climbers.”
“Bobby Joe’s there, too. That’s why you’re here. Right, Cinta?”
“Naw.”
“Yeah! Come on! Tell the truth, Cinta!”
“No. Bobby Joe and Billy Jack are not here at the Festival. I told ya they are banned from showing their faces or bee_hind, here…”
“We shall see.” I word strongly with a low grunt like a dying dog.
“Ya don’t believe me…(eats the hotdog and swallows)….let’s go to the Pole Climb…,” orders Cinta twisting her body towards the second set of double sets that leads outside to the brick yard that connects the buildings and football field.
I gently swing her body towards the elementary building and command holding her close to my left armpit. “Ya got your treats, now. I get my tricks, the toddler games.” I stop at the First Grade archway which drapes three-fourths from the top to the bottom with a solid dark blue thick piece of fabric that represents the ocean waters in a kid’s mental mind set.
This game is called ‘Fishing Pond,’ where the fishermen (child) receives a heavy stick of wood (fishing pole) with a long white piece of rope (fishing line) that holds a plastic five-inched container (fishing bait) for carrying the catch (the fish).
I pay one-dollar for the pleasure of fishing inside the Fishing Pond, receiving a wooden round smooth tree stick with a thin roper. I gently toss the rope and buckle-container over the dark blue fabric, while the teacher on the other side places a cheap prize inside plastic. The teacher tenderly tugs on the rope indicating that I have a fishing catch. I gently lift the rope and buckle-container over the blue fabric, smiling and staring at my cheap toy, a set of fake pearls that contains a little girl’s necklace, bracelet, and ring. I will donate to the church on Sunday morning, since they collect all un-used gifts for the kids around the Apollo-community.
I hand the stick to the volunteer-parent, who helps the elementary kids with their fishing pole while retrieving and giggling at my prize. Cinta snorts between the bites of popcorn. “I’d toss it back, Risa.” I flip the lip of my backpack placing my precious item inside moving to the left to the Second Grade archway.
I pose on the opposite wall, reading. Teddy Bear Hug. An adult is dressed as a big brown hot woolly suit made of matted fake brown material with a Halloween mask that decorates in big oval eyeballs of brown with red smiling lips and two egg-shaped bear ears as I laugh at the cute scene of a child climbing into the bear’s lap for a hug then the child receives a prize while Cinta munches on the popcorn then challenges. “Garth’ll be mighty jealous, if ya touch that guy.”
“Forget it, I might get fleas. Let’s move to the next exhibit.” I command sliding down the wall waiting the kid pop a single blue balloon on the ‘Shoot the Deer’ exhibition. We head through the doorway where a single four-inched rectangular piece of wood stands eight feet high and three feet wide as a hunter (kid) shoots with a dart the balloon that has been painted in white with a deer’s nose, two eye sockets, and a pair of twig ankles taped on the balloon as I giggle with a girl twang. I pay $2.00 at my chance to shoot two sissy stuff toys of deer, winning. I stand in line and watch Cinta finish the bag of popcorn when she moseys over to my face. I whip out five dollars asking her to get both of us some cold sodas. 
Cinta leaves my eyesight as I accept the two darts then target the yellow balloon with white paint and branch tree twig as I hold the single dart right five finger pads aiming then shoots as the dart skims to the left of Randolph’s nose but forcefully impacts enough to pop the balloon revealing a little’s boy toy gun as the volunteer remover the dart and my prize then I aim the second dart on the other side of the hunting board at the blue balloon. I measure, seek then shoot as the dart penetrates into the middle of the radius popping the balloon as the dart falls to the flooring revealing a set of plastic soldiers. The volunteer removes the toys and offers my prizes as I giggle with a girly twang upon seeing Cinta then I hold both items in each hand as she pouts, cute-like her lips at my childish display.
I swing my backpack around to the front of my white T-shirt flipping the lip as Cinta stands with her open soda can in her right hand and the basket with my closed soda can in her left as she observes. “Hmm! You’re should brought a big purse, Risa. You’re going to fill that one up quickly.”
I wink my eyelash, right at her and taunt. “Then, ya can store my accumulated toddler prizes inside your purse for me, girl best.” Cinta screws her eyebrows, ugly walking away from and.
She orders. “Ya run them things out to your car, first.” I giggle with a girly twang at my evil plot blooming like tight rosebud in the morning sunlight marching beside Cinta to the Fourth Grader archway where the sign reads ‘Road Kill’ we enter the class room.
The student desks have been shoved to the side of the far wall where four racing lanes are clearly divided by vertical stripes of four-inched white butcher paper on the flooring at the front of each lane near the black board is a single cheap plastic red and white three-wheeled tricycle (car) for little tikes to learn how to pedal their first vehicle made for three-year-olds and at the end of the lane is a stuffed toy animal (critter) that needs to be ran over by the toy tricycle (road kill) to receive a prize within fifteen seconds…that’s not a lot of time, ya’ll. I leave my backpack with Cinta as both stand in the audience side of the room and pay $1.00 pathing my boots to the last racing lane squatting my big bee_hind on the kid’s tricycle as I giggle with a girly twang creating my new and fun memory of my last Novena Festival. This race is timed against you and the clock, not against your racing opponents since the object is to run over and kill the stuffed animal with any one of the three tricycle wheels within fifteen seconds.
I crouch against the small duel handlebars facing the wall focusing on the stuffed animal which appears to be a medium-sized Teddy bear placing the tips of my boot toes in the middle of the small baby pedals and impatiently wait for the sound of the bell. BONG!
“One Mississippi.” I breathe counting off the seconds by the trusty Mississippi method as I rotate both my kneecaps up and down pumping life into the two baby pedals. “Two Mississippi.” My right boot toe quickly slides and I curse. “Shit, Mississippi.” I stomp the pedal with my right toe again driving towards the little harmless Teddy bear lifting my kneecaps up and down as they hit on the hard plastic baby handlebars. “Five Mississippi.” I slide my tricycle to the right almost slamming the traveler in his lane then quickly compensate by steering the twin handles to the left straightening my vehicle for a direct path to the little harmless Teddy bear and guess. “Eight Mississippi.” I am running out of time and about half way there and pedal my boot toes faster as I count. “Nine Mississippi.” I’m almost there keeping the handlers parallel between the racing line rotating my kneecaps while banging the snot of my bones against the hard plastic handlebars and count. “Eleven Mississippi.” I slam the front wheel into the butthole of the Teddy bear and yell softly. “Road kill.” I keep driving rotating my kneecaps punching the poor harmless Teddy bear’s soft skull into the hard wall ensuring my successful win and my greedy prize as the volunteer finger points at me and.
He yells. “Road kill, over here. Give her a prize.” He holds the tricycle as I stand from the little toy then bounce up and down on my boot toes and clapping my hands like a kid as the second volunteer hands off a miniature Teddy bear for me as I pad towards Cinta who’s working on the Carmel apple while sucking down my cold soda. I lift my backpack from the floor stuffing my prize into the small space noting that it is almost full while having a hard time shutting the lip.
Cinta suggests between the open mouth chewing. “We should move around the High School side since you want to extend that long lasting memory click ‘cause its passed seven o’clock. And we’re leaving right before eight…the strike of bad luck for Actworth.” I don’t wear a wrist watch since all vehicles have clocks built upon the consoles and when I’m off doing farm chores time doesn’t matter as long as I complete my farm chores per Daddy. I don’t like twirling my baton with any jewelry since it interferes with my finger spins as I follow behind Cinta out the Fourth Grade class room door then skip on my boot toes marching beside her.
“Right before eight..,” not for me as I smirk with a set of wicked lips while my evil plot is working too well as Cinta and I flow pass the Fifth Grade classroom then out the double doors into the inner courtyard composed of colored brown and red and black clay bricks that are leftovers from residential homes between the gym and the school building. No cars are allowed to park inside the brick courtyard since it’s used mainly for teen gatherings during sun shine or no gatherings during rain time but the band member line up inspection time and for their grand entrance onto the football field. 
Apollo School contains all the Middle, the High School classrooms, a super big one room Home Salon for girls learning to cook meals for their cowboys and sew on clothes for their daughters and a Work Shop for boys learning to built bird houses for their sons and use electric power tools like a chain saw for fun twirling around in an upside down U-shaped building. The locked and bolted set of metal front doors of the school building where the Principal’s Office and Teachers’ Offices is located faces Highway 20 at the curve of the letter “U” with two entrance points in the rear of the building on the southwest side parallel to the student parking lot and football stadium and on the southeast side for the teacher’s parking lot and a grove of trees. The Elementary section and Gym faces the rear of the U-shaped school building with a long concrete overhang preventing rain inside the lobby leading into the a wide lobby that holds all the glassed trophies from past sporting events with a set of side doors in each corner stepping onto the polished wood as bleachers surround three sides of the square room with a center stage for nothing important.
Cinta diagonals our bodies towards the southeast entrance point which accesses the High School side of the building where my class is held as I comment neck snapping my face at the other entrance point on the southwest side. “Let’s hit the Middle school, I promise to limit my play to one game.” Cinta sucks on the soda can and.
She sings in high clarinet. “No. You finish a couple of more silly games on this side of the building to win a couple of more ridicule prizes then we sit together on the bleachers and watch Garth win the Pole Climb.”
“How’da ya that he’s going to win?” I inquire since I am thinking how to adjust Cinta’s command.
“He won last year.” I remind slowly walking towards the Middle School section looking for more silly games to fill my backpack so I can annoy Cinta.
“Everyone got a prize, last year…,” recalling the big stink when all the Pole Climb competitors received each a prize just for touching the greasy pole but I didn’t care since I don’t like running on grass or water on a dirt bike.
“Because of the greased pole incident…,” starts Cintas as I giggle and.
“That…,” thing that Bobby Joe did, was caught and punished for the first time in that boy’s life. I was quite sure there are other incidents which just weren’t reported to Principal Russell. I snigger.
Cinta screws her eyebrows, ugly. “….I don’t wanna to talk about, Risa. Have pity on me, tonight, I don’t want to come the Festival because Bobby Joe can’t be here since he banned and I’m stuck with you.”
“Sorry! You’re stuck with me since I likes being stuck with me…,” sorta patting Cinta’s bruised ego. I’m glad Bobby Joe isn’t here to cause trouble for me or Beck. We stomp up the hard concrete steps into the archway hallway of Apollo High School, a familiar place in my current life. Cinta and I roll pass the Senior class on our left. Apollo is a very small county school which is common in the lower parts of Alabama since there are lots of farm lands and farmers but not much industry or commercial business like Banks, Hospitals, Department Store or Hotels like the big metro cities. The school holds big thirteen classrooms one for each grade including kindergarten along with a band room, a lunch room, a machine shop, and a housekeeping salon so all the kids in each grade study, work, play, and fight together like a litter of kittens then move like a group of fish to the next grade until the big smart-ass teens after years of annoying their wise elder teachers graduate High School making each class on the average about 40 kids more or less.
Cinta stares into the Senior class homeroom. “They hadn’t closed the Apple Bobbing display for fighting, yet. Ya’ll feel like getting your hair wet, girl-best. You might get a new radio or some cool electronic gadget for the torture and torment,” chuckles.
I snort. “Who’s in there drowning the eighth graders since we passed by too quickly?”
“I saw John Covey, Prissy Lou, and Lloyd Mac dunking some middle school heads.” Cinta giggles. “The old Harvest tradition continues. Do ya plan to volunteer for the Apple Bobbing next year, Risa?”
“No. It’s a stupid tradition. I don’t understand why Principal Russell allows the gone and graduated last year’s Senior to return and annoy the lower grade students.” I complain.
“He started it when he graduated eons ago from here. That’s why it runs every year.”
“Whatever!” I softly moan.
“Or ya can kiss Lewis Ollie for a dollar? The Tenth and Eleventh Grade always get dibs on the Boy and Girl Kissing Booth hanging at their doorways. The Boy Kissing Booth makes the most money at the end of the night probably winning that great big TV monitor for their teacher.”
“I wouldn’t let Lewis Ollie kiss my beagle’s butthole with his tobacco stained teeth.”
“Awe! But, he smells so good sweet like wintergreen candy with his new dipping tobacco. Ya like candy. Right, Risa?”
I watch the side show action of the Kissing Booths, “Strawberry candy.” Cinta slows as we pass the Tenth Grade archway with Clara Nell sucks on a boy’s face seeing Davy Ray and Garth stomping from the Ninth Grade doorway.
“Garth!?” Cinta shouts as they stop, twisting their faces towards us then we pad to each other as they smile and she wrinkles her forehead, ugly. “Did the Pole Climb finish?”
Davy Ray elbow punches Garth’s right bicep and sings in baritone. “Naw! Garth got cut, just like last spring in baseball practice, being too slo on the pole compared to them swift-ass tenth graders.”
Cinta drops her mouth. “Ya got beat by a Tenth Grader?”
“I gots a dirt bike.” Garth shakes his skull.
I defend my man. I nod, smiling, “Right, sweetheart! Let’s play a new game, honey!” I shuffle my boots to his face then cuddle my bee_hind into his blue jeans as he smiles at me tossing his right arm around my shoulders which is our first show of affection in front of the student body as we about face padding around the wall corner towards the Middle School section of the building for fun.
Cinta parks her boots next to Davy Ray walking side by side while reminding in a low tone behind our skulls. “We leave right before eight o’clock so’s don’t get carried away with your fake game playing, Risa.” I grunt like a wounded animal as I pad along with Garth scanning the wooden planks on the floor and.
I whisper softly into his left eardrum. “I don’t like…,” whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings into his left eardrum as Garth gently jerks me sideways towards the next Festival exhibition and.
He covers over my words with a loud tenor. “Hoop Shoot, I can shoot a ball into a basket. Ya want me to win ya pretty pony, princess.” Garth smiles as I grit my teeth both frustration at him and happiness at him then bob my skull up and down in silence acceptance while he moves towards the archway. He stands a little inside the room as the volunteer shifts the portal professional basketball hoop in front of Garth then hands off a single basketball while Garth holds the ball with both hand then aims and shoots landing the ball in the middle of the hoops for a prize. The volunteer gives Garth a small purple stuffed pony as Garth about faces shaking the pony in the air and chuckling and we meet and kiss on our lips for a second public display of affection in front of the student body as I hear coos behind me. Garth gives me a hug then holds the pony in my face and asks. “Ya want a second one, love. That was fun and easy.” I draw Garth away from the archway and Cinta as we pedal our boots down the hallway desiring to finish the secret conversation about Beck maybe hoping that Garth will join me and.
“Let’s keep going around the room and try a new game, okay?” We scoot to the next Festival exhibition veering towards the archway and peek-a-booing inside which is a ‘Sack Hit’ where you toss a rubber ball into a paper brown sack to win a single prize.
“I can sack them groceries for ya, ma’am.” Garth rudely finger points as I hear the familiar song “Pop! Goes the Weasel” twisting my face towards the noise and smile.
“A cake walk! Let’s do the cake walk. Let’s play.” I pull Garth towards the Home Salon department which is really a great big room with eight kitchen stove top ovens on the left side for learning to cook and a set of eight sewing machines on the right side for learning to sew with a Teacher’s office desk behind the wall of home and garden magazines and books with a set of three vertical long tables for the students to cut and make their own home-made clothes as Cinta and Davy Ray drift by us heading to another game. We enter the archway moving to the right wall standing next to the folks waiting for the show to start as I see that the vertical tables have been replaced with three round tables that decorates prettily and hold in the middle an elegant display of various food desserts ranging from pies to cakes to puddings to cup cakes for the winning.
A Cake Walk is both fun and fruitful as you don’t sit but stand between one of the ten placement chairs around the round table when the music starts which is the familiar child’s song “Pop Goes the Weasel” then you walk slowly around table. When the music quickly stops playing then you grab an empty chair as fast as you can before the person on either side of you sits because at the start of the game there are only 5 chairs and 6 people whoever doesn’t find a chair is tossed out of the cake walk. Get it!
Before the start of the same music, one of the ten chairs is removed making a total of four chairs and five people who roam around the table for an uncertain amount of seconds then the music stops and you grab an empty chair or ya get tossed out of the cake walking.
Garth sees the array of desserts leaning into my face and whispers. “Why? That’s my Mama’s pe-can pie in the center of table number two. I’s get them free at home.”
I smile with an evil smile and order. “Pay the man and play the game, cowboy or…ya don’t get me for dessert.” I flirt with fun winking my eyelid, right at Garth as he pulls his wallet and drops a five into the Teacher’s open palm for both of us to participate while racing after my bee_hind for more fun. I stand in front of an empty chair right beside Garth as we elbow and poke each other rib cages like a pair of little kids and giggle like a pair of turkeys with a set of big goofy grins on our faces being just alike and knowing each other foreverly.
The music starts as I turn to my body to the left leading Garth but following behind a smaller kid that’s looks like a Seventh Grader as I quickly touch the seat of the chair with my left five finger pads pretending to claim it for my own when the music starts then the music suddenly stops. I lay both my hands over the metal seat and scoot my bee_hind into the empty chair as the poor kid is too slo mo with his action missing out on my chair and the one next to him but Garth claims the seat next to me so we’re both still in the game as I giggle with a girly twang and slap my hand into his chest as he grunts like a wounded animal at my fun.
We stand then the Teacher removes the chair next to me as the adult volunteers reposition all the chairs about the same distance to give each player a fighting chance to grab a chair and the music starts as the crowd sings along with the kid’s song but I listen to the guitar music.
“Round and round the cobbler’s bench. The monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun. Pop! Goes the weasel.” Then music stops as I grab the chair next to me but Garth quickly hand-shoots me from that chair and I fight on my right with the fat lady for her chair and I win then I twist my distorted face and sneer like a captured alligator.
I yell at him. “Ya cheated.”
Garth smiles. “For pie, I steal’s anytime.”
We stand then the Teacher removes another chair leaving only three chairs and four cake walkers. I skip around to the next chair which is a nice distance from each other. 
The music plays, “Round and round the cobbler’s bench.” Then, the music stops.
I quickly race to an empty chair beating out the tall guy since he had passed it by and slide my bee_hind into the smooth seat holding onto the bottom with ten finger pads as the guy tries to viciously wrangle me from the metal but the adult volunteer quickly taps his right collar bone for physically attacking me while Garth crudely bumps the older girl out of his way then sideways his blue jeaned bee_hind seating inside that chair on the opposite side of the table as we look at each other giggling and grinning.
We stand then the Teacher removes one chair leaving on two chairs and three cake walkers then the music starts as we march like a set of drilled little soldiers around a circle. “Round and round the cobbler’s bench. The monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun.”
Then music stops as I grab an empty chair right in front of my legs while Garth luckily lands in the empty chair beside his blue jeans then we flop into our chairs for claiming the next round of fun as we giggle and grin at each other. We stand then the Teacher jerks my chair from me as Garth’s chair remains and will be crowned the cake walker as the music starts. “Round and round the cobbler’s bench. The monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun. Pop! Goes the weasel.”
Garth is closest to the empty chair since I passed it on the second trot as I about face and race towards the occupied chair so I land my bee_hind into his open lap like a tiny kitten as he grunts like a dying dog catching my body then chuckles into my right eardrum at my cute maneuver as the audience chuckles at our entertainment performance.
The Teacher stomps to us sitting inside the chair on top of each other. “No, no, no. He wins. You must get out of his lap, young lady.”
Garth smiles, tenderly wrapping his arms tightly around my body. “She’s my girl. It’s okay. We both won, tonight. Pick out a cake, Risa.” I stand and study the middle of the table for my cake prize and select the Red Velvet Cake that I know Mama likes to eat as I giggle with a girly twang and smile like a beauty queen. The Teacher will hold the cake for me until I round back here before heading to my car and changing into my Prom dress for playing the substitution Harvest Empress.
Cinta claps and hoots for us inside the House Salon room within the watching audience we…four exit the door without my cake as she drags my boots in front of the Face Painting Exhibition while I note I have less than fifteen minutes before the big hand hits the eight o’clock time and she explains rudely finger pointing at the four tables with each a silly clown holding a single brush with a single water based paints. “Our last game for the night making our Senior Novena Festival last foreverly inside our minds, right, Risa?” I stand with my mouth open like a hunger shark staring at the empty tables as Cinta invites scooting to the first table. “I wanna paint my face like a bunny rabbit with black whiskers, a pink nose and a couple of furry white ears.”
Davy Ray flops into the second empty table and announces. “Paint me as a hunter to shoot that pretty bunny rabbit.” Cinta motor boats her lips at Davy Ray as he chuckles like a turkey and the clown smugs a thick blob of Hunter green paint on his wide forehead while I back step on my boot heels from the table since I don’t have time for face painting and I don’t have time to wash the paint from face before I exit onto the gym floor as Cinta finger points at the three table and.
She orders. “Risa will be a…what…precious kitten or cute doggie, girl best.”
I slam my bee_hind into Garth’s chest staring at the various face paints and whisper. “No.” Cinta doesn’t look at me as the clown whacks her nose with a thick gob of pink at the face painting table and.
She commands. “Yes! Risa will be a kitten face, right, Garth?”
I’m trapped between Garth’s strong biceps and debate. “No. I don’t want that smelly paint on my face. It makes me sick with nausea.” Garth leans into my right eardrum chuckling and.
He says. “I like to see ya like painted as a sex kitten, babe.” I deeply inhale then nosily exhale at his cute suggestion pondering what to do since I plan to substitute as Harvest Empress Lara Lee wearing my Prom dress that’s hidden inside my trunk in my Charger without anyone’s knowledge or help as I surrender and.
I stomp, sit, and demand. “A pink nose, two white triangles over my eyebrows for the ears and two sets of….(thinking)…whiskers…made them white.” I figure that the water colored patient of white will wash off faster than the color of black as the clown works on my nose smashing a blob of pink as it splashes on my shirt and my chin while I feel the wasps stinging the inside my bowels with both excitement and anxiousness as Garth behind her and watches with a goofy smile.
Overhead speaker announces. “All Harvest Festival Royalty, please report to the gymnasium for attendance.” My heart sinks like the Titanic into the cold waters of the Arctic as I sit trapped in this chair covered in paint as my nose itches and my eyeballs water from both frustration and fear.
 Cinta tromps besides Garth with her face painted cute-like with a white background and a pink round spot for the bunny’s nose, three set of black horizontal lines across her cheeks for the whiskers and a pair of triangle red ears looking similar to bunny rabbit and orders. “Give her black whiskers, not white. Ya can hardly see the paint.” The clown re-paints black over the two pairs of lines across my cheekbones as I steam with fury and panic as Garth smiles goofy at me and Cinta injects with her bossy personality. “And cover the ears with black also.” The clown re-paints the cat ears then Cinta orders. “More stripes for the whiskers.” I quickly stand from the table as it shakes and rattles the tiny bottles of water and paint and.
I command. “We need to leave.” Davy Ray pulls beside me with a series of vertical lines of colored Hunter green, white, black, and brown looking like a war battle solider than a redneck deer hunter and.
“Good evening, folks of Apollo!” Clapping from the audience via the overhead speakers as the announcer waits for the silence then continues. “Welcome to the 112th Novena Festival. We will start the competition with our little tikes from the Elementary section of the High School which represent the Kindergarten, First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth grades for the Harvest Prince and Harvest Princess.” Clapping from the audience via the overhead speakers as the announcer waits for silence then names. “Our Kindergarten is represented by Miss Daisy Ann who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Estes and Mister Lester Neal who is the son of Mr. and Mrs….” 
He bobs his skull up and down rudely finger pointing at his cell. “Bobby Joe’s here besides your truck, Garth. I’m riding home with him. Come on, Garth. Bye, Cinta and Risa.” He about faces moving like lightning towards the opposite direction which is closer to the parking lot as Garth moves from his spot and wraps me into his arms then tenderly kisses my lips which aren’t painted as I accept the wet kiss but feel numb from worry and anticipation. I don’t want to deceive Garth but Beck shouldn’t be humiliated in front of the entire folks of Apollo, Alabama who occupy each single seat inside the gym.
I believe in my loving heart that Garth will understand and forgive me rather than if I ask his verbal permission to entertain as the new Harvest Empress and he might say ‘no’ so I keep my secret and my secretive plot inside my active brain as Garth surfaces from his kiss and smiles at me while we slowly move away from the Face Painting Exhibition standing like three soldiers in the middle of the hallway with nothing to do which is visually almost empty since every parent wants to see their kid as Harvest Royal some day.
He whispers and smiles. “We can get up early right at sunrise and go fishing, tomorrow since ya don’t have to home until…”
“Uh…suppertime…Mama and Daddy are coming back at suppertime.” I word with a firm tone.
“Yee-haw!” He words, softly and smiles and leans into my face and whispers. “I’ll pack us a blanket and a lunch we can fish by the river bank all day long…just the two of us making some progress on that love vow. How’s that, sweetheart?”
“Yes, I’ll like that. Ya betta go since we…,” dumping with a pained heart and a numb tongue since no one wants to talk about the upcoming humiliation event of Beck but sure wants to be absent when it happens as I quickly turn my back muscles to Garth walking slowly towards the elementary section as he wrinkles his forehead, ugly at me.
Garth inquires with his tomcat curiosity. “Hey…the truck’s this way.”
Cinta jumps in walking backwards on her boot heels beside me as I wipe my face with my short sleeve of my white T-shirt cleaning off the pink paint from my nose and she giggles. “We parked beside the elementary playground.”
Garth presents duck lips, ugly since he wears his cowboy hat over his eyeballs. “Why ya do that?”
Cinta winks with her eyelash, right and calls out. “For our fast escape plan, honey child. Get going! See ya at home!”
The Announcer updates via overhead speaker system. “The winner of Harvest Prince and Princess is the Third Grade Representative of Miss…”
“We need to go, too, Cinta.” I holler in her left eardrum then start trotting on my boots as she sprints along side me which shuts our lips as I start to breathe heavy from panic and fear needing to dump Cinta into the car while I grab my dress from the car as we path towards the second entrance point of the school through the Middle School grades then bust out the double set of door into the cool moon light as I continue to jog on the hard brick.
“Good thing everyone’s inside the gym.” Cinta comments quickly as we near the elementary section with the set of double doors open for any remaining folks to play games and get any food before the Harvest Royalty competition ends then the festival is finished for another year. We travel in silence and enter the elementary section while we slowly walk down the short corridor as I hear.
“The Sixth Grade Representative is Miss…,” updating via overhead speaker system.
We arrive at the double set of doors that lead down the secret corridor to the gym and my car as I stop staring into the lunchroom and yell in flute music. “Dang! I forgot my cake.”
“The cake?” Cinta shakes her curls and fingers the door. “Forget the dang cake, Risa. We need to leave. Haven’t you been listening they’re about to announce the winner of the Harvest King and Queen any minute then the representatives of the Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth grades will be announced without Lara Lee present…”
“Stop babbling! I got the cake for my Mama she’s sick and loves Red Velvet. It’ll take me less time then your forever farewell speech…,” lecturing then I toss my red backpack at Cinta and orders. “Get me a soda and a Carmel apple. You get one, too. There’s money in the backpack and wait for me at the car. The keys are in there, too. You can drive back if ya want….”
Cinta parts her lips like a dying fish and comments softly. “I can drive…your car.” Cinta smiles and shares grinning at me as I gently shove her right shoulder towards the lunchroom doors as she turns and trots like a pony with her back muscles to me and shouts. “Okay, I get to drive your car.”
I exit into the right door without Cinta noticing me as I race like a thoroughbred horse to the side door making a set of loud clomping sounds like a herd of elephants knowing that the door is still open since it’s a designated escape exit in case of a fire/flood/whatever emergency for exiting the Elementary School building and Gymnasium and I hope my car is still there since I didn’t lock the car doors just in case I had to double back to the car without my back pack and Cinta. I feel more confident that my car’s there and I will be making that intro of the Twelfth Grade Harvest Empress announcement as I slam open the door without stopping and gallop directly to the driver’s seat then jerk open the door and manually pop the trunk hood which I had to look up inside the thick car manual since I only use the car electronic key to open the door and trunk.
I press the hidden button under the left side of the driver’s wall under the console as the trunk slowly opens then I race and grab the folded Prom dress folding it twice over my left forearm to keep from tripping on it and busting my nose bridge as I lift the second red backpack from the side wall then slam the trunk hood shut. I jog around and smash my left boot…cool move…without stopping into the driver’s door as it shuts but doesn’t lock since I’m not worried about Cinta discovering that the car is unlocked because she’ll use the electronic key to open the Charger and not being familiar with that gadget will probably open then lock then open it again and not tell me she couldn’t figure it out since she’s got more ego then pride.
I jog towards the side door busting out and galloping towards the finish line which is the secret and unlocked side door of the gym pulling out one of my olive oil pads which are the greatest invent since the microwave ripping off the paper and cleaning the kiddie water paint crap off my face as I trot faster to the gym door not worrying about Cinta finding me. Since, she’s on the opposite side of the hallway eating her third Carmel apple, padding slowly on her boots towards my car. she carries two drinks and two Carmel apples within her arms. I dirty the olive oil pad good with the crappy face paint dropping it into my backpack using a fresh clean second one as I feel the wetness of the cool oil moisture and clean the dried itchy shit off my smooth skin then stop and drop the dress to the floor and look behind my right shoulder seeing no people body or no invisible ghost and swiftly rip off my T-shirt exposing my strapless white lacy bra, and blue jeans, and boots then fold it twice and wipe the excess olive oil off my face then toss the wadded T-shirt into the back pack and hear.
“The Ninth grade representative is Mister…,” via the overhead speaker system.
I desire to rid the jeans off my legs and don the pretty high heeled white sandals on naked toes but I only have a set of precious seconds as I toss the dress over my bra and jeans while wearing my new cowgirl boots while running out of time and running down the rest of the empty hallway as I straighten the off-the-shoulder collar around my swan neck exposing my good skin then jerk it down over my naked waist and tie the front lacy ribbons since I wear a pair of low cut blue jeans that barely cover my lacey panties. I lift the front skirt of the dress holding in my right hand so I don’t trip and fall on the hard concrete allowing the backpack to bounce side to side on my right arm hanging like a monkey from my elbow as I puff and fluff my messy long hair and pinch my cheeks with my left two finger pads for some color besides panicked engine red then I stop at the side door and nosily inhale and nosily exhale calming my beating heart, my racing pulse, and my shaking kneecaps.
I twist the door knob with both hands since I’m very nervous and a little shaky very slowly opening the side door as I see the back muscles and pink ruffled dress of the Eleventh Grader as I draw a blank on her name…
“Miss Phoebe Ann is the Eleventh Grade Representative....,” dumps the announcer as I bob my skull giggling and smiling while the girl moves her dress from the dark hallway into the light flooring while I toss my small backpack down the steps of the Girl’s Locker Room retrieving it after the closing of the competition for Harvest Empress as I giggle with a girly twang for both success and secret.
I’m not worried about Cinta overhearing the announcer on the speaker system or searching for me since she’s inside the driver’s seat of my Charger getting sticky Carmel coating over the steering wheel…(which can be cleaned)…while getting familiar with the car’s instruments on the console as she listens to the country radio station and I stand soldierly waiting for my queue to enter as the substitution Harvest Empress. And I’m not worried about winning since Lara Lee has a set of lousy grades like me even coupled with Beck’s they wouldn’t win as Harvest Empress and Emperor which is sad as I feel my emotion fall down to my socked toe nails along with the mental thoughts that none of my classmates are here to give Beck a good showmanship applaud which is angry as I feel my emotions spring from my toes up to my throat muscles as I growl like a baby grizzle bear.
“The Twelfth Grade representative is Mister Beck Actworth who is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Cohen Actworth…,” words the announcer as Beck is dressed in a nice sleek black tuxedo jacket over his broad shoulders and a pair of polished cotton black trousers cover his legs with a white shirt and bright red bow tie around his neck as he rolls his chair with his right hand and waves to the crowd with his left hand then he suddenly stops beside the Eleventh Grade boy and re-adjusts his eyeglasses that hang on his aristocratic nose which is happy as I feel my emotion bounce rapidly up and down inside my guts with exultation holding back the tears from my eyeballs at the content moment of my short life of seventeen years old that I’m here to represent the Senior class as Harvest Empress coupled with cute and nice boy-Beck.
Next I swiftly jog on my cowgirl boots swirling my long Prom dress in the slight breeze from my gallop from the darkness into the light racing to the face of the Teacher who acts as the Announces and whispers a set of secret words as I grin and giggle. He announces. “We have a substitution for the night. Miss Risa who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Whalen Patillo represents the Twelfth Grade as Harvest Empress.” I smile like a beauty queen, blow kisses with both hands like a royal princess, and wave with my left hand like a Hollywood movie star trotting right beside Beck and smiling at him.
He smiles and nods his skull, once while his dorky thick eyeglasses drops towards his nose as I swiftly drop to my kneecaps beside his wheelchair’s right wheel while my dress spreads like a blooming rose petals over the polished floor so we’re even in lips then I touch my ten finger pads to his right arm rest as he inquires with his tomcat curiosity looking into my eyes with his big blue eyeballs. “Risa!?”
I lean into his bright smile whispering into his happy face and fib honestly. “Lara Lee’s Grandma in Huntsville is really, really sick. She and her parents left about an hour ago. So’s ya got me, slick. Sorry that I’m second best.” Beck continues to smile with his happy demeanor and. 
He compliments. “You’re first best, Risa. Thanks for substituting as the lady of the house. I really appreciate it.”
I smile and share. “You’re the first best, too, Beck.” I remain on the squatted floor even to his lips since the winner part is really fast then I’ll be off the floor, out the door, and racing to my car for the getaway back to Cinta’s house for the night ending Novena Festival.
The announcer says. “The Harvest Emperor and Empress is Mister Beck Actworth and Miss Risa Patillo.” The audience claps, cheers, and stomps boots into the wooden bleachers as I giggle and grin with silliness very happy for Beck as he claps for us also while I stand from the floor then he readjusts the eyeglasses around his face.
Last year’s Harvest Empress sets a small fake diamond but glittering crystal encrusted tiara over my messy hair as I accept the pretty arm bouquet of fresh cut red long stemmed roses then she hands off the white cowboy hat as I shove the roses into my left elbow and accept the hat. Each girl royal gets a tiara and a set of flowers while the boy gets a trophy and a cowboy hat compliments of the local Hardware Store then the girl royal places the cowboy hat on her royal beau’s skull in both honor and tradition.
I stand in front of Beck’s wheelchair smiling at his face behind the dorky thick eye lens then kneecap both legs on the floor for a second time so I’m even with his skull while I place my bouquet of flowers on the left side of his chair and his trophy on the right side of his wheel then I lean my shoulders and face into his upper torso positioning with extended arms and wiggling nervous ten finger pads the cowboy hat ever over the middle of his skull. I slowly lower the hat over his head as Beck giggles and grins with happiness rocking his wheelchair back and forth as I nervously jiggle the hat over his hairline then I swiftly drop the hat over his eyeglasses as the pair of black frames fall into his laps while the hat rim covers both his eyebrows and eyeballs. I whisper. “Sorry.”
“Okay.” I quickly flip the front rim of the hat upright so Beck can still not see me with his eyeballs without his prescription eyeglasses laying inside his lap as I lean deeper into his chair almost touching his face with my nose then the chair jerks backwards just a little as I lose my upright kneecap balance falling backwards while Beck’s quick reactions and two strong hands catch me dragging my torso into his chest. He cocks his jaw sideways giggling and grinning while his hair drapes over his right cheekbone and jaw line then pulls me into his face seeing up close his pretty blue pupils with a touch of violet that twinkles like a pair of electric blue stars then he swiftly kisses my parted lips.
I feel a fabric of silky flesh like satin cover both my lips with a cool sensation of breeze calming my nervousness while my tummy flutters with thousands of tiny butterflies wanting to get freed and my ten fingers caress his chin-length curls of soft silk and my toes literally curl inside my cowgirl boots with my body cools with deep passion then I mentally day dream of Beck.
He wears a black tuxedo, a white shirt, and a neon purple and candy pink poker-dotted bow tie around his neck muscles while his right open palm extends outwardly to me as he stands at six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes, not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white Grand Baby piano with a big crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood inside a large room with a wall of mirrors on my right and a wall of black wallpaper on my left with a double fireplace center stages the room.
Beck tilts his jaw to the right as slightly wavy hair drapes around his right cheekbone and cuddles the side of his square jaw line that’s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that twinkles like a pair of electric blue stars against his pale skin without his eyeglasses. He smiles with a million dollar smile and shares with happiness. “Welcome to my world, Risa. Come to me, darling!”
Two kitty-cat clawed manicured finger nails swiftly grab both ends of my collar bone as she jerks me from Beck’s lips while I stumble backwards hearing the rip of the dress at the same time standing on my booted feet in a wobbly stance as she swings my face towards the audience. I see Garth, Davy Ray, Bobby Joe, and Billy Jack in that order blocking the wide archway on the left side of the gym’s lobby staring back at me as Cinta snarls like a captured alligator into my right eardrum. “You…you have caused a big mess, Risa. Time to leave!” I drop my mouth like a hunger shark focusing on Garth then he quickly back steps into the darkness out of my eyesight while I feel hundreds of emotions flood my mind, my heart, and my body with sadness, pain, excitement, mystery, angry, surprise, shock, loss, gladness, happiness, and wonderful.
“Bye, Risa.” Beck yells behind my shoulder blades as Cinta swiftly twirls me towards the visual side door of the gym moving me away from both Beck and Garth while we guide like dancers across the polished floor since I’m really in shock more than surprise and angry more then fury and lust more than love.
Cinta jerks open the side door as we pad out the archway side by side like conjoined twins down the hallway which is the only direction towards my car inside the playground as she whispers into my right eardrum as I hold my dress from tromping and tripping over the hemline. “I can’t believe this mess, Risa. I was waiting in the car when you didn’t show. So I get worried. Then I left the car and walked back to the Cake Walk. You were not there. You hadn’t arrived to pick up the dang cake. I got really worried. You told me that you were collecting the cake for your Mama, Risa.” She pauses as we slide down the concrete since I don’t want to lie anymore and don’t want to fight with Cinta since she’s my girl best and just take the vocal abuse. Cinta continues. “Well, like a good friend I texted Garth who turned his truck around and came back to the school to help me find you, Risa. I thought you had been kidnapped or stolen or injured or captured or something bad. I searched the rest of the High School property while Garth combed the gym. He found you, first, Risa.” I slow my boots as she jerks my body forward then slams open the side door as we split and part around the car pondering what exactly did Garth see and when did Garth see it but its so clear he saw me and Beck together.

Apollo Elementary Play ground. I enter the driver’s side sliding into the leather while starting the cold engine since Cinta left the key in the ignition and the doors unlocked as I stare at the steering column that’s covered slightly in light brown Carmel because Cinta sat here and ate her candy apple while worrying about me like a true girl best as I cut my eyelashes to spy on Cinta as Cinta thumb fiddles with the cell phone texting to someone. I return eyeballs to the steering wheel then double check all three rear-view windows snapping my neck muscles left backing out the gravel then do a three-point turn pathing down a bumpy gray pavement towards the highway then turn right as I travel at 20 MPH in silence for….1 seconds then 2 seconds then 10 seconds then 15 minutes as I pull into the driveway of the Warfield Manor parking in my usual spot on the other side of the six-garage doors leaving the car idol then I eye burn Cinta holding both my fury and disappointment.

Warfield driveway. “Why’ya so mad, Cinta? I didn’t wanna win. I’m quite shocked receiving the title of Harvest Empress, belonging to Lara Lee. Look! You can have the roses, since they go sour after three days, before Monday morning. And I’ll give Lara Lee the crown…,” confessing my earthly sins.
Cinta stares at her cell and says softly without any angry. “This is not about the silly roses or the stupid crown. You broke my trust, Miss Patillo. I trusted you.”
 I sneer with more fighting fury. “Trusted me with an evil plot that hurt…him. That’s totally unfair, Cinta.”
“Time for bed! It’s near eleven o’clock. Bedtime at the Warfield Manor!” Cinta commands with a soft clarinet and firmly cracks the door with her right hand as my eyeballs gleam the radio clock noting it’s 10:53 pm wondering where the time flew too as I puff musically with shock, frustration, and hundred other emotions banging silently and painlessly both palms on the sticky steering wheel and.
 I sing in flute music. “Fiddlesticks, since you can’t be civil or nice and act like a little kid that got her bicycle stolen. I’m leaving to go back home.” Cinta reaches over clicking off the engine then stealing the key from the ignition and.
She sings in flute music. “No! You can’t since my parents will know that something’s not right. And…your parents aren’t home. No one is there at your house to oversee a minor. You’re a minor child being less than eighteen years old, Risa. Hot dangling, my parents are responsible for your safety if you wildly drive off and stupidly run away then something not nice happens to you outside or inside that empty house then MY parents are liable. That’s the Alabama law.” I slam my left hand on the steering wheel and.
I sing in piccolo music staring at her profile. “O! Now…ya follow the law. Where was the law and order when you abandoned Beck at Novena Festival for being what…a nice kid that makes good grades?” Cinta looks at the glove compartment and.
She softly words without looking at me. “You simply don’t understand the situation, Miss Patillo.” I beat both my hands at the steering wheel making a funny thumping noise for her eyeball attention and.
I command with piccolo music. “Then, explain it to me. Explain your secret meeting with Lara Lee. You hate Lara Lee. Remember, girl best?” Cinta scoots her boots out the door while sitting in profile and.
She announces with a soft clarinet. “I’m going to bed, Miss Patillo.” She slides off the leather, standing and padding into the garage door as I scoot out the driver’s seat and gently shut the open since it’s late in the evening wondering where the time went as I follow Cinta into the garage then the kitchen while we both stop in front of Annabelle Warfield.

Warfield Kitchen. Annabelle stands with a cup of steaming milk in her right hand smiling at me and offers. “Congratulations, Risa.” She places the cup on the breakfast table padding in her pink house slippers to me then hugging my shoulder blades pulling back and smiling into my face. “You’re a fine Harvest Empress.” She back steps dragging the cup towards her right hand staring at Cinta. “But, I didn’t rightly understand the brief announcement. Risa was a substitution for whom, darling?” Cinta fidgets while eye burning the kitchen tiles since I have always liked Annabelle being kindly mannered and softly spoken to me and her family members while raising a litter of kittens having seven sons and one rude daughter as I nosily clear my throat for attention and.
I offer. “Thank you, Mrs. Warfield. And…Lara Lee had been voted by the class as the Harvest Empress Representative but she can’t come tonight, right, Cinta?”
Annabelle presents a set of dead pan straight lips looking at Cinta. “That’s very odd, didn’t you believe so, Cinta? I find that Lara Lee always exceeds her social obligations, won’t you agree, Cinta?” Cinta bobs her skull up and down while tilting her jaw line at the kitchen floor with a silence acknowledgement to her Mama as Annabelle gingerly touches my Prom dress at the waistline. “You made a big impression with the crowd, tonight, Risa elegantly stomping out in her cowgirl boots under the formal gown. Everyone will remember your grand entrance…(giggles)…and…now upon learning your selfless sacrifice you saved the night for Beck Actworth. You’re quite a daring young lady. Your Mama will be proud! How’s she feeling?”
“Thanks, again, Mrs. Warfield. Mama’s getting much better. They’re at the hospital in Montgomery for the night. That’s why I’m here for the evening but I’ll be leaving, first thing in the tomorrow morning.”
“You’re always welcomed, here, right, Cinta? Time for my bedtime! Don’t stay up to late, girls since I know my daughter. Cinta has probably consumed too many Carmel apples, right, dear making a sugar high inside your body?” She giggles and eye burns Cinta as Cinta bobs her skull in silence and comments. “One day, I’ll perfect the Carmel apple but not tonight. Good night, girls!”
“Nite, Mrs. Warfield.” I call softly watching her exit the kitchen as Cinta moves passed me following her Mama and.
“Night, Mama.” Cinta softly calls as Annabelle pads out the Kitchen running through the Living Room into the hallway for her master bedroom as I plop my bee_hind on the kitchen floor hearing a new rip in my Prom dress while slipping off my right dirty cowgirl boot from my foot before I stain the beige carpet in the Warfield Manor as taught by my Daddy while Cinta leaves me alone in the kitchen.
I jerk the left boot off then twist my body in funny position standing from the kitchen tile while dragging the torn hemline on the flooring tucking both dirty boots under my left armpit as I lift the front of the Prom dress to my kneecaps without the chance of fall on my face. I silently pad on naked toe bones through the Living Room then up the stairs to the second floor turn right entering the next to last bedroom on the left. The room is dark but I know the layout because the bedroom configuration hasn’t changed since we were friends in the Fourth Grade with her bedroom frame hugs the southwest wall in the corner and the windows kiss the north wall, the vanity bureau and bathroom door decorates on the west wall with nothing but lavender flowered wall-paper on the east wall.

Cinta’s bedroom. 11:15pm. I change into the dangling yellow night shirt barely hugging the sheets of the bed mattress since I totally absent-mindedly forgot my overnight pack since I had sneak one black bag into my car and two bags would have been seriously questioned because Mama and Daddy didn’t leave at their planned four-thirty in the morning as usual but waited around this morning for me to wake-up, bathe, eat, and bull-shit around the breakfast table before shoving my bee_hind out to the door for my day’s activity of academic schooling without any additional night time clothes like my real overnight bag that contained a toothbrush, a hair brush, and a night gown. So, Cinta must’ve noticed that I was lacking my usual Hunter green overnight luggage since she doesn’t miss a thing as I toss the jeans from my legs and the dress from my upper body slamming them on the carpet along with my lacey bra.
I gently as possible without igniting Cinta cat-crawl on two hands and two feet into the left side of the bed nook as Cinta faces her door ignoring my sighing and bouncing then I twist and lay out like a conscious zombie on the soft mattress staring at the pretty lavender satin of the canopy’s bed frame while my ten finger pads and ten toe nails wiggle from both the night’s electrifying excitement and anxiousness since I can’t sleep but close my eyelashes as my active neurons recall vividly with hundreds of emotions.
I still feel the coolness of Beck’s lips on my hot mouth as I gingerly touch my bottom lip with my right index finger sliding a soft pad across my warm flesh remembering emotionally the softness of his thick lips enveloping the cold nervousness of my body pressing his mouth into mine as I feel warm and tingling like a bright spring day with his hands steadying my body from rocking back and forth like a grandma’s chair while he slowly pulls me closer into his torso for a deeper kiss. Boom! I see.

Beck standing upright and tall on his two feet wearing a nice pair of tuxedo slipper shoes in black matching the polished cotton black tuxedo jacket and trousers with a white dress shirt and a silly neon purple and pink poker-dotted tie around his muscular neck while he extends his right hand with the palm open to me like an engraved invitation not wearing his eyeglasses over his face. He says. “Welcome to my world, Risa. Please join me, darling!”

Ping. I jerk my eyelashes open slowly tilting my skull towards the right investigating that tiny sound noting the bright red alarm clock reads 12:00am recalling this moment last week was my special day of birth along with my special birthday present of stealing a forbidden kiss from Garth for the very first time as I smile so wide that I might crack my facial cheekbones with pain then hold the silly giggling so’s not to wake Cinta and.
I vividly remember my day dream when I kissed Garth so solid and colorful in my mind when Garth stands six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet T-shirt that clings to his board shoulders, muscular chest, and eight-pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots. His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both my eye balls with a piercing yellowish-white light. His sexy baritone trombone rumbles. “Howdy, Risa. Ya want be mine my cowgirl, forever?”
“Only a dream…,” whispering with too much excitement and eagerness about my successfully evil plot saving the cute lamb from the hunger wolves, ending my friendship with Lara Lee which I don’t really give a @#$ about, praying for Cinta’s forgiveness, and fixing my personal relationship with Garth then my brain nodes kick in with a brilliant idea. “Talk to Garth…now...,” whispering from my lips into my eardrums. Yeah!
It’s dark and quiet with Garth inside his bedroom and I’m here while Cinta’s asleep as I slowly lift my vertical body bending at the kneecaps shifting both hand palms and feet soles moving towards the end of the bed mattress as my naked toes hit the softly padded sitting bench decorating the length of the canopy bed for holding Cinta’s bedspread which is now laying on the carpet from my foot attack. I continue to butt-crawl over the bed sheets when my feet slam softly onto the carpet then I arch my back muscles like an Olympic gymnast slowly beaming off the mattress under the tall ruffled canopy bending at my knees then slowly up right for the final pose as I giggle softly.
I slowly tip toe with my shoulders slumped and my arms tucked into my chest like a upright gopher moving across the carpet then out the open door into more darkness since the hallway doesn’t have tiny night lights for kids or a set of open windows from moon light but I have lived one day out of the week with Cinta since the Fourth Grade as I slowly pad along with wall without touching it to Garth’s room which at the end of Cinta’s corridor because the staircase branches into three separate avenues for the Warfield clan of numerous bedrooms since all the children live with their parents.

Garth’s bedroom. November 16th. Saturday. Midnight. The door is slightly a jarred enough for my slender body to fit diagonally without creaking the door open as I stroll closer seeing Garth’s head of blonde hair and golden skin lying like a Greek god upon his dark pillow while I disappoint greatly that he’s fully sound asleep as I note the rotating eyeballs under his closed eyelids but I think another brilliant solution like the fairy book tale of Sleeping Handsome as I giggle softly staring lovingly at Garth.
My heart excites while my hands sweat with eagerness with the mental thoughts of Garth’s opening his eyelids seeing pretty me as I curb my smile holding my long hair with my right hand cupping my left arm into my breasts without any body part touching Garth for my special surprise as I carefully lean my skull parallel with his head then slowly tilt my jaw and nose to the right without causing an accidental nose bong. I slowly lower my closed lips over his parted lips from a deep slumber holding my sweet breathe and close my eyelashes knowing where I’m placing my mouth then press both my lips gently onto his hot flesh feeling a series of very intense heat from his mouth that immediately warms my hot passion into a series of sun flares while his rough lips feel like a cheap cotton T-shirt. I day dream.

Garth standing at the end of my boot toes as I lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass as I clearly see an upright position of Garth’s six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet T-shirt that clings to his board shoulders, muscular chest, and eight-pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes since he wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots. His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both my eye balls with a piercing yellowish-white light.
Garth’s sexy baritone trombone rumbles. “Howdy, Risa. Ya want be mine my cowgirl….forever?”

Then within the blinding light I see that Garth’s two hands are reaching out slo mo out and gently touches both my naked biceps which rest on top of the pink rose flowers as I quickly feel my body falling backwards instead of forward snapping open my eyelashes seeing the dark walls move away from my drifting body while back pedaling with aided assistance out of Garth’s bedroom.
Cinta has her left arm around my breasts while her right hand completely covers my open mouth swiftly pulling me backwards swiftly from Garth and softly yelling into my right eardrum. “You’re a sick person sneaking around a guest’s house without permission attacking Garth while he sleeps. I’m glad you didn’t have a knife since he’d be dead…and,” swinging us from the bedroom door towards her bedroom as I elbow her right hand from my mouth and.
“There’s more of…,” the dream then the first time I stole the forbidden kiss from Garth which is really weird since I’ve kissed on Garth since Sunday afternoon and didn’t visual repeat any part of this encrypted day dream as Cinta quickly re-covers my mouth with her right smelly and wet finger pads as we swiftly pad on both our naked feet like a two-headed and four-feeted monster and.
Cinta softly yells into my right eardrum. “You’re a weird-o, a mental, a sick-o, a pervert acting like a freaking freak.” I struggle to get loose and free forcefully elbowing and kicking from her grip, her hands, and her arms then I’m free and swiftly swing my tall body to face her inflamed nostrils and bull-frogged eyeballs and.
“There’s more of the dream….,” tattle softly to Cinta as Cinta violently shoves both her open palms into my chest cavity as I quickly fling backwards on both feet then Cinta swiftly charges like a raging bull while I rapidly back step without music into the solid wall with no picture frames or art works then Cinta rudely finger points into the open door way on the left of me while bad breathing into my face and.
She orders in soft fury. “There…you stay here in the spare bedroom and don’t pee in the bed like a puppy dog when you get scared the first time you spent-the-night with me.” I part my lips to talk as Cinta stares me down with her cold dead eyeballs then I close my mouth as she swiftly pirouettes to her bedroom door. I slowly turn to the left marching into the cold, dark room pondering everything.

Guest bedroom. 6:30am. “Morning….,” singing in flute music as I smile with a goofy grin, feeling the heavy weight of a body on the left side of the bed mattress then sitting upon my two elbows smiling while staring with eyeballs at Cinta’s inflamed nostrils and.
She orders in a scary bass alto. “Time for you to leave to go home.” I pretend to ignore her fake angry smiling and sniffing with my two nostrils since we’re girl bests and.
“I don’t smell breakfast?” Cinta swiftly back steps from the mattress without smiling at me finger pointing at my clothes over the dressing table then swinging her body towards the open door and.
She orders. “No breakfast, time for you to leave to go home.” I upright twisting my body bouncing on kneecaps and palms over the bed and then off the bed and stand on feet and.
I offer peacefully with a soft flute waving my arms up, down, and sideways to get her attention. “I’m sorry, Cinta. I was acting stupid or….something. I can’t explain it.”
Cinta walks out the door. “You’re stressed and distressed with your bad grades, your bad behavior, your bad girl image…,” fading her clarinet music in the hallway as I stare out the empty doorway with pouted lips, cute-like and a wrinkled brow, ugly.
“Whatever…,” singing in a soft piano ripping the borrowed yellow night shirt from my chest tossing on my jeans over my legs and the dirty Prom dress from laying on the dirty gym floor over my head then shuffle a naked feet into each cowgirl boot sliding my car keys in my right hand and carrying my cotton dirty socks in my left hand as I slowly pad out the room eyeballing the empty and quiet second floor then softly step down the staircase noting the lack of food smells and body sounds in the empty Living Room. I truck out towards the kitchen through the open garage looking at my red Charger.

Warfield driveway. 6:45am. I hold my right fist with my key cars over my eyeballs since it’s freaking six-thirty in the morning because it’s the winter time in south Alabama and the sun freakingly gets up at six o’clock and goes to sleep at five o’clock in the early afternoon as I jerk open the driver’s seat scooting into the leather sniffing the sorta snobby snot back into my nose holes from Cinta’s tart treatment of me smelling the sweet aroma of fresh roses that I left inside the car for the night then slam the door shut cranking the engine without producing any physical wet tears in my eyeballs since Cinta is just a little upset with me….naw…her. She’ll cool down like an ice cube by Monday morning in our Homeroom class then we’ll be girl bests, again as I giggle with a girly twang. I start the car pondering…too dang much as slowly turn to the right then straight heading in the direction the roadway as I putt-putt down the brick driveway when my eyeballs catch the motion of horses on my right then I pull my car to the side of driveway slam the gear into “P” for park leaving the motor running watching the posse of horses and men remembering that Garth’s going fishing at the river bank with…me.
I open the car door fling my body upright waving both arms like a crazy women when Garth’s older brothers Shelby and Owen slams their folded fists into Garth’s biceps then Shelby rudely finger points at me while I smile like a Harvest Empress and drag my dress over the loose gravel and green grass staining the pure white fabric even more if that’s possible of the formal gown like a fairy princess then I round the front bumper trucking down the side of the dirty car then lean my bee_hind…naw…my dress against the passenger door grinning with a goofy smile.
Garth tosses his right leg over the saddle horn sliding both boots onto the dirt then struts manly over the grass ducking his head, neck, and shoulders between the two and three fence posts wiggling his tallness from the cow pasture into the driveway then upright stomping to me without a smile as I bat my long eyelashes giggling with a girly twang using my Southern belle charms on his cowboy redneck manners and.
I sing in flute music. “Garth….I’m not appropriately dressed for fishing but I’s can be a quick change artist…”
“Go home…,” bad breathes Garth without a smile with a slightly sneer like a junk yard dog in a dangerous baritone trombone right in my face as I stand upright then lovingly bat both black eyelashes and pout my lips, cute-like and extend both my arms not touching his body for an anticipated Teddy bear hug and.
I sing in flute music. “I’ll go home and come back in a jiffy with my riding gear…”
“Go home…,” bad breathes Garth without a smile then he quickly back steps from me swinging his tallness to face his brothers who stare sitting quietly on top of their steeds at me without the show of their shotgun barrels but probably waning a few hexes if that’s humanly possible as I drop my arms to my sides staring as Garth ducks between the fence posts wiggling away from me then uprights moving farther away from me then loads his body upon his stallion shifting more farther away from me then turns his steed towards south riding totally away from me as I nosily sigh and deeply breathe.
I gather the torn front of my dress in a big ugly wad with both hands plowing my body around the front bumper scooting me and my dress into the leather without bothering to belt into the safety belt and putt-putt the car down the winding driveway of Cinta’s house since I have been taught Southern manners by Daddy not speeding down the roadways endangering other folks or myself and Daddy would drive me to school for month since I would not have my Charger as I slowly stop at the intersection of the Warfield driveway and Oak Road then look right then left then right again noting the roadway is clear of vehicles.
I pull into the road traveling the two miles until I hit the yellow brick of my private driveway of my house pondering that Cinta’s jealous that I accidentally won Harvest Empress since we’re Seniors and that opportunity has slipped her by foreverly as I giggle with a evil smirk and also Cinta’s mad that I successfully sabotaged that Senior evil plot for humiliating sweet nice-boy Beck while Garth’s jealous that I accidentally won Harvest Empress which happened to pair me with the Harvest Emperor that was Beck. Well, they’ll get over it by the weekend being old friends…girl and boy on Monday morning of school.

Patillo Homestead. 7:00am. I slowly turn to the right from the roadway into my driveway snaking around the long bricks of yellow when Mama saw the road design in a popular Home Magazine then click the garage door opener with my left two finger pads then slowly stop the car right outside my assigned single garage space inside the house’s six-garage set of doors since I’m terribly upset and accidentally might hit a plaster garage wall or a metal garage frame that Mama did one time since I am an emotional unstable jerk at the moment then lift the door handle sliding from the leather and gallop upright to the darkness of the garage then suddenly halt as the dress lands on the smooth concrete then elegantly swing my body along with the formal dress in a half-circle and pad back to the passenger door’s.
I pop it open leaning my body back behind the seat grabbing the arm bouquet of red long-stemmed roses since the fresh petals could stain the leather seats then I gallop for a second time with the roses in my left hand through the garage slamming open the unlocked door with my right hand moving in the enclosed Laundry Room and yell to my Angels in Heaven in piccolo music. “Mama…Daddy…,” walking around the corner into Kitchen, noting.
The clean counters and empty kitchen stainless stain sink not giving up and truck into the Living Room with the wide thickly yellow-clothed butterfly-patterned window drapes completely closed shutting out the morning sun from the west. Mama has a thing for the color yellow and the insect butterfly so the Living Room flutters in both a cute combo of yellow butterflies on the curtains, the couch, two matching padded chairs, and a loveseat looking like someone peed on the fabric since the rest of the furniture is Daddy’s favorite old brown matted lounge chair that will be buried with the man inside his funeral tomb.
My neurons swiftly kick backwards in time that Daddy told me they’d be home later on Saturday evening around suppertime which is about five o’clock close to the dusk as the sun is setting in the west which in reality will be seven o’clock because Daddy will… a) stop for supper and… b) drive really slow in the dark since he’s in his fifties and his eyesight isn’t that great pondering that I should have drove my parents to the big city of Montgomery at the Farmer’s Market and the hospital instead of selfishly attending Novena Festival which is depressing as I feel really rotten like a wet log for not helping my folks who love me very much.
I right foot then left foot into the middle of the Living Room then flop down on my bee_hind upon the thick carpet as my dress spreads like a blooming rose petals with my legs crossed as I hear the Prom dress rip somewhere near the left side of my waist line echoing into both my good set of eardrums dropping the heavy rose bouquet between my legs with both frustration and sadness whispering like delicate butterfly’s wings. “I didn’t do anything wrong….,” practicing my rehearsed speech for Mama since I can’t hide my awesome beauty performance at the Novena Festival unless I magically blind the twin eyeballs of every Apollonian in town who sat inside the over-crowded bleachers of Apollo High School as I sniff the slo mo running snot from my nostrils.
The hot gossip is spreading faster than a cell text that not only did I substitution for the pretty, popular, and prissy Lara Lee spoiling the Senior class evil plan but I created a new fashion trend in my “new” but “old” Prom dress wearing my new cowgirl boots that Mama doesn’t even know about and of all the freaking luck I won the Harvest Empress title without really being legally nominated as Harvest Empress within the Novena Festival competition because of…
I nosily sigh then deeply breathe because I didn’t know why I won…well…Beck’s grades are superior to mine and every other farmer’s at AHS so he really did won since I just stood…naw…sit on my kneecaps on the floor for student support of my fellow class mate. But an adult only sees a logical solution while a teen likes a social one so being a teen I made the social sub-conscious sneaky emotional decision to help Beck all by my lonesome dove self since all my fellow Seniors including Garth had chain-ganged upon him but Mama being an adult will see only flaws of my teenage plan.
I can hear her flute soprano echoing between my earlobes.
“You should have told me, Risa. Then, I would have contacted Principal Russell who would have contacted Mrs. Hodges then Lara Lee Hodges could have dropped from the Novena Festival competition allowing you to legally take her place as Harvest Empress. But, instead as usually you plowed the field without removing the rotten corn tusks, now, you have stirred up the wasp nest slithering around just like a serpent behind our backs under the noses of the teacher and least not forget within the eyeballs of your classmates at school…,” giggling with a girly twang.
Mama likes to analogy using lots of human body parts as I grin at my stupid imagination as my mind gears switch into overdrive from last night as I giggle with delight for a second stolen kiss pondering if Cinta’s fibbed on me but I doubt it. I stare at the pretty rose arm bouquet that measures from my middle finger to the length of my elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deep colored red roses while I caress the tip of bottom flower on the right then quickly pluck a single rose petal from the rose tossing into the air as I recall Garth’s words last night…love vow and.
I croon softly. “He loves me…(pluck second rose petal; toss)…he loves me not…(pluck third rose petal; toss)….he loves me…(pluck fourth rose petal; toss)…he loves me not…(pluck fifth rose petal; toss)…he kisses me…(pluck sixth rose petal; toss)…he kisses me not…(pluck seventh rose petal; toss)…he kisses me…(pluck eighth rose petal; toss)…he kissed me…(pluck ninth rose petal). I stare at the single petal and repeat softly. “He kissed me. I didn’t kiss him. He kissed me. I didn’t initial the kiss. He kissed me…,” standing swiftly on booted feet as the dress rips and shouting loudly to my Angels in Heaven with a bright smile on my chapped lips holding both my arms and happy face towards the ceiling as the rose petals fall gracefully over my hair. “He kissed me. Ya’ll hear. That’s it! Beck kisses me. I didn’t kiss Beck. I get Beck to explain to Garth that it was a congratulatory kiss, not a boyfriend kiss.” I lower my arms and face staring at my cute little baby picture thinking one day when Garth and I are married I’ll be nailing my three kids’ baby pictures on the wall like Mama does and smile so wide that it cracks my face then I hike my dress to my kneecaps galloping towards the stairs to change my dirty clothes.

Barn. 7:30am. I race out the back door of the house across the patio on my faded jeans, my new cowgirl boots, and a fresh smelly pink blouse with a set of cute ruffles on the front since pink bows would be too ostentatious with Mama’s expensive flowery perfume around my neck, earlobes, pink blouse collar, and wrists since I’m going to need to use more then my beauty and my Southern charms to persuade grouchy Garth to talk to sweet Beck. Beck is always the Southern gentleman and the happy-go-lucky kid offering to do anything for anyone so he’ll gladly chat with Garth. And, I don’t want to arrive at Beck’s home in my car since I’ll look both really desperate and pathetic for his assistance so I travel in a slightly less obvious mode of transport being my new ATV giving me something to lightly chat about on the first round of teen conversation before I ask for his help on the second round of teen conversation as I giggle with a girly twang at my brilliant idea.
I jerk open the door crawling into the tight seating of the ATV cranking the single key that kisses the ignition switch since no one can steal my toy being right behind the house patio with a thousands of eyes…(giggles)…bird eyeballs watching over my birthday present still dirty with mud from the last spin in the muddy clay water puddles as I stomp on the gas pedal out the double wide doors into the bright early sunrise of a new day.
I whip the wheel to the left traveling at 40 MPH on the bumpy bricks of the driveway as my rib cage and bee_hind both bounce roughly in the padded leather following the snaky driveway towards the Oak Road then pause at Oak Road as I look right then left then right. I stomp the gas pedal riding on the paved county road putt-putting towards Beck’s house which is two miles upwind of my house since this is my chance to fix it with Garth getting him back into my life. I feel something deeper for Garth like we’re connected on more than a physical level. He’s the right guy for me, the only guy for me as I press the gas pedal to travel faster speeding up to 59 MPH which is a nice ride on a smooth pavement then taking the land terrain which almost tears a new one in my bee_hind.
I double-check the rear view mirrors for any familiar 4 x 4 jacked up trucks from the Warfield clan driving up my butthole but the other sons are very nice and well-mannered Southern gentlemen towards me as I see the entrance point of the private driveway as I giggle with a girly twang deciding to off-road my ATV from the main road since I don’t want to seem too eager or desperate since it’s only 8:00am as the left tire hits the loose gravel then plows the engine grill down into the dirt road ditch bouncing one tire at-a-time in a combo earth material of lots of grass weeds, tiny amounts of spring water, and miles of moisture brown soil splashing muddy water onto the floor board and the side doors thanking Daddy for adding the ATV doors to this thing.
I slowly crawl out like a ladybug that surprising deep ditch and up the slope like a snake upon a smooth level patch of dead Pine needles and yellow Maple leaves then quickly gun it straight between the columns of tall and short trees consisting of Shaggy Pines, tall Oaks, and short Maples but the poor Maples don’t get much sunlight crouched between the big story cover Oak canopies. The trees set the proper property line boundary between my farm and Beck’s farm as I roll up the slight hillside of brown pine needles and dead yellow leaves feeling the motion in my stomach quiver with seasickness then hit a plateau leveling my stomach and the ATV of tall trees on my right and a deep valley of vertical rows of cotton on my left growing with a series of tall and green stalks which will bloom with a set of big white bushy tails of cotton like a bunny rabbit next week as I giggle with a girly twang.
I race up another slight hillside of more yellow dead leaves and matted pine needles going higher into the tree line at 40 miles-per-hour with the wind blowing my hair from my back and the sun burning more freckles on my skin while neck snapping my face to the right seeing the front porch of Beck’s house as I pass it thinking I’ll attack from behind going to the back patio pretending to be having a joy ride early in the morning hours on my birthday mobile present since the Actworth can hear the buzzing noise of the fifty-ponies inside the motor passing their lawn with eardrums as I giggle with a girly twang.
Then I swiftly jerk the wheel to the right sliding the ATV towards the level ground slamming on the brakes landing me and the ATV perpendicular to the Actworth house while I narrow my eyelashes suspiciously staring at the obvious vertical columns of brown material square boxes that completely block the set of double entrance doors on the Actworth manor and whisper to my eardrums. “They’re moving away from Apollo like Daddy told. Why would Cinta say the opposite that the Actworth’s will never leave here?” I silently count the stacks of boxes coming up the number fifteen and that’s within my eyeballs as I stare at the front porch then I decide that’s my brilliant idea for dumping onto the Actworth’s patio to inquire about the moving boxes and the moving date as I giggle with a girly twang.
I slowly press the gas pedal heading farther up the peak of the hilltop where the pasture land begins on my left side with more tall, short, bend, and broken zillions of trees, tree limbs, and tree trunks while peek-a-booing with eyeballs at the long and large Actworth’s mansion which is built more like a castle with four levels of space for their big family while I remember that Cinta told me that it was the first place for death funerals in the city of Apollo as I shiver with a set of goose bumps from that creep mental thoughts.
I reach the peak laughing at the silly kid’s game “King of the Hill” as I release the gas pedal allowing the ATV to slow at the top viewing with my naked eyeballs the pretty array of morning colors on my Daddy’s farm….naw…my farm, now since I signed all those legal papers hoping that I didn’t wand my parents a dead march into Heaven. I see the black and white beef cows grazing behind my bee_hind getting fat for the Farmer’s Market next spring and the wild young set of mares galloping around the corral for playtime eager to become Mamas next spring while I giggle with a girly twang.
I love the farm life, the fresh air, and the sun shine feeling deep down to my baby blue-painted toe nails that I don’t want to leave my farm happy that Mama and Daddy can’t afford the expense of college life since I want to stay for the summertime, fall, winter, and springtime planning my wedding next summer with Garth as I smile like my face is cracking open as I deeply inhale then nosily exhale the fresh smells of hay, soybeans, and cow turds then I stomp the gas pedal for my fun trip down the hillside into the valley of red waving wildflowers before I plan to turn right onto the private lawn of Beck’s home. I do not move.
I wiggle my bee_hind in the leather stomping the gas pedal with my right cowgirl boot down to the floorboard and I do not move then I slam my right boot holding the gas pedal down to the floor and I do not move then I lift my right boot from the pedal holding it in the air under the driver’s console and listen for the engine noise. “Fiddlesticks! I flooded the engine.” I twist the key to the ‘off’ position and count using the Mississippi system to calm the motor rotors as taught by my Daddy. “One Mississippi. Two Mississippi. Three Mississippi. Four Mississippi. Five Mississippi,” quickly turn the key ignition forward indicating the on position with my three finger pads not hearing the familiar grinding sound of the engine as I quickly release the key placing my right two finger pads to my mouth pondering the mechanic problem since I’m not good with baby cars, only baby cows as I giggle with a girly twang and whisper for my eardrums. “I don’t hear the motor buzzing of my new toy.” Then I press the ATV’s brake pad and slam the driving gear into neutral then quickly flick the key ignition to the off position, then back to the ‘on’ position, jamming my right boot into the gas pedal. I hope to flow a small spark of fiery dino gasoline into the motor for a quick jack rabbit start. I do not hear the engine roar.
I jerk open the door with my left hand scooting out the leather strolling around the nose of the engine dropping my left eardrum to hear…nothing no tiger roaring under the hood as I giggle with a girly twang at my silly humor then quickly stand upright with my tallness staring at the dirty purple paint finish.
I eyeball the front grill with more mud then look at each headlight that illuminates dull in the sunlight but I can see with my 20/15 vision since Daddy taught me to drive with my headlights on all the time for dumb deer and dumb asses on the roadway, so I had turned the headlights on the ATV before bouncing out of the barn. I slowly walk around to the right eye burning the different parts of the ATV noting water stains, grass stems, and mud slaps on the wheel fender, the door, the lower kick lift, the underbelly, and both tires as I pad around to the rear end and see the tail lights are blaring in red colors. I continue my visual inspection seeing more water marks, grass stems, and yellow leaves, and mud splatters decorating the tires, the door, and the rest of the nice paint job as I stand beside the ATV staring at the left front wheel that looks good then the left rear wheel that looks properly inflated with air and whisper. “I don’t understand.”
I slide into leather then click off the ignition key as the console lights go “off” within the driver’s console. I flick the key forward without any sound from the engine but scan each ATV gauge with my eyeballs, noting. The RMP needle’s down to zero and the speedometer needle goes down to zero. I pass my hand over the radio dial and punch the button then a happy country song blasts from the console speakers into my eardrums as I dance to side to side from the A-chord of musical fiddles. The battery needle is fully charged along with an oil digital read out shows the number at 100% of good oil inside the silent engine as my eyeballs scan the gas circle.
I cry like a baby. “Fiddlesticks!” I reach and flick the key to ‘off’ as the music dies then twist the key to ‘on’ while the song invades my eardrums. But the gas needle’s lays dead like road kill with a warning engine light of red indicating, “….no gas…,” shouting to my Angels in Heaven. “Fiddlesticks!” I jerk open the door exiting my boots onto the matted pine needles and yellow dead leaves. “No gas! Why am I out of gas?” I chin whip my face into my neck pacing back and forth beside the open door with my inner mental thoughts talking like an insane person. “When was the last time I gassed the thing? Daddy told me 7.9 gallons of fuel. Get one of the farm hands to pump it from the tractor station….,” sliding on my boot toes to a stop and staring with a set of invisible fire balls at the ATV. “Daddy told me, yesterday morning. That’s why they dragged around the house on Friday morning before leaving for the trip to Montgomery, so Daddy could remind me to get the ATV gassed. Shit!” I drop my skull into my open palms and mumble. “I forget to do that. I ran of gas. Double shit!” I lift my head swinging my face and body towards my far away house that I can see with my good eyesight which is almost two miles to the east as I ponder hiking in my boots back home then taking the old truck and finding one of the farm hands then driving back here with gas. “Fiddlesticks!”
I twist my body towards the roadway pounding silently on nature like a solider going into war without drums but lots of fighting fury at my stupid mistake then trip over the medium-sized tree branch falling forward like a drunker then catching my tallness like a dancer before I bust a nostril and stop my motion panting heavy with emergency air molecules. I swing my body facing the poor dead tree limb then violently attack by reaching both hands down and lifting the branch to my face which is the diameter of my right arm tissue and muscles then I rapidly gallop like a horse with a distorted face and viciously assault the ATV for both stupidly of me and stupidly of it.
I violently pound the rear tail light as the black prison cells of a guard rail protect the delicate plastic from my physical attack and anal fury and name call in a new bass flute. I’m too angry to breathe for more air molecules. “You’re a stupid machine.” The branch quickly ricochets from the left guard rail back into my face then I rear and swing both biceps and whack the snot out of rear end of the metal roof top as it lungs back like a boomerang and call. “You’re a stupid machine…(slide and whack the side door)…stupid machine…(slide and whack the front wheel fender)….stupid machine…(slide and whack the middle of the engine hood)…no one likes you. Everyone hates you….,” and stop my assault then up right my tallness panting like a tired dog chasing a rabbit with an set of inflamed nostrils and stand in front of the poor defenseless little ATV with no visual reactions to my fury as my hundred fling of deep emotions bleed all over my mind, my face, and my hands since the some of the sharp tips of the green leaves have scratched tiny diagonal tears into my open palms. I drop the tree branch on the ground and hear the piglet squeaks as I twist my face to the left seeing moving on the Actworth’s patio.
I swing my body spying on the commotion watching the Actworth family eat their breakfast trays in this sunny Saturday morning on the back patio rolling like a set of choo-choo trains towards the two separate picnic tables laughing and giggling. I grunt like a wounded animal in pain, pity, and pious pride, then I neck snap my face at the ATV pursing my lips, ugly.
I march to the ATV then gently pat with my right hand on the totally cold engine motor, since it has been dead for about 30 minutes, if I have guessed the angle of the sunlight. I softly word. “Don’t worry! Mama’s going to get ya help, little one.” I plan to seek the aid of Beck Actworth with my real freaking personal emergency, since he can take me home. I will elegantly explain my delicate dilemma, regarding Garth, then we can schedule an impromptu visit with Garth’s Mama waiting for Garth to arrive home. It’s nice to have a big stick when entering the snake pit. I giggle with a girly twang.
I back step my left boot heel from the ATV when I suddenly hear clearly within both eardrums a series of metal mice squeaks along with thousands of hustling dry leaves like a Python snake is wiggling its body underneath the ATV as I slowly bend at my waist and gingerly study with a pair of acute eyeballs the low and smooth undercarriage of the ATV for a big bad monster seeing nothing but brown pine needles clash against the dry yellow dead trees leaves then the ATV’s front right tire cuts to my left like magic follows by the front left tire slicing into the pine needles like a surgeon’s knife.
I upright staring at the magic moment of the bazaar angle of the twin front tires when the ATV suddenly shifts to my right then back to my left then back to my right like a freaking snake and rolls backwards like a defected roller coaster from me on four rotating tires going down the hill as my slo mo neurons remember. I left the gear box in “N” for Neutral while trying to jack rabbit start an empty gas tank of a hot engine sitting on top of a loose pile of slick wet pine needles that has shifted the total weight of the ATV activating the non-deflated tires to roll down rather than up. I holler waving my arms and boot toes. “Fiddlesticks!”
The ATV wiggles like an earthworm left to right as the tires determine the trajectory of the path since gravity is keeping the little truck on the hill then it quickly slides down the hill like a snow skier towards the roadway as I leap, kitten-like trying to grab the swinging driver’s door as the ATV falls faster than a meteorite then viciously jerks its metal frame sideways to my left then hurts with its trunk and tail light the big Oak tree that’s hundred years old as I stop running and just watch it smash into the bark tossing tiny wood splitters into the air and tree leaves over the ATV and the dirt then I moan softly. “Fiddlesticks!”
I slo mo walk down the hill while staring my eyeballs at my wounded birthday gift, pondering. The reason for explaining this shitty mess to my Mama and Daddy, since Mama already feels sick with her broken leg along with her wanting to send me to College. But we can’t afford for me to go.
Now I have messed up my short seventeen-years of life by sneaking around both of them and Cinta fixing the Harvest Empress slot for Beck. Beck owns me big solar-system time. He and his family can help me fix this good enough with both my parents and the Warfield clan. I think too much, tromping far on a right boot then a left boot over the wet pine needles then hit the pavement carefully walking along the loose gravel away from incoming cars.
I twist my body upon the concrete driveway of Beck’s house surrounding on my right a nicely manicured pretty lawn of bright green short thick grass that extends from the driveway across about hundred feet to the animal pasture fence posts all even-leveled and neat to the eyeballs. I march forward admiring the first big broad-leaved canopy of an Oak tree that measures about 30 feet in circumference and about 85 feet in height meaning that baby is probably older than the town of Apollo. Around the Oak tree is a cedar wooden tree bench wrapping completely around the circumference that can seat six people to enjoy the cool shading of the overhanging branches creating a romantic, timeless escape from the real world of wrecked ATVs as I giggle with a girly twang noting there’s planted a patch of pretty bluish-purple African violet flowers as I step closer to the far away front porch.
The left side of the driveway lines with an array of assorted olive trees with white blooms couple with the sweet wafts to my nose holes and a batch of pretty Apricot trees with their reddish-yellow fruit hanging off the limbs as I suddenly halt placing my hands over my empty belt loops pondering why there’s fruit on the branches when that fruit only grows during the summertime as I shake my skull side to side and march forward.
I pass another 80-feet high full canopy Oak tree on my right with its own cedar wooden bench around it housing a set of orange wild roses under your bee_hind giggling that an orange rose represents the emotion of desire and fascination quickly thinking about stealing one rose for Garth but axe that silly idea as I stomp my boots closer to the front porch walking passed a third Oak tree that covers the entire ground but the short green grass grows nicely under the thick overstory as I suddenly stop and stare at the lawn. Normally, the big shade trees will destroy the grass but the Actworth’s lawn is very lushy and plushy with thick yards of green grass all the way to the full Pecan trees lining the edges of the fence posts as I tromp ahead towards the front door.
I’m about twenty feet from the slab of concrete, not a series of sequence tall steps, since all the Actworth travel in wheelchairs. The front porch isn’t a raised platform of stairs but a single piece of concrete even with the driveway and sidewalks. I slam to a stop for the third time, noting. The flowers under the fourth Oak tree are yellow buttercups, knowing. The flower only blooms in the springtime as I shake my skull side to side at the wrong workings of nature on this farm.
I stomp my right boot upon a smooth vanilla concrete and stop rotating my neck muscles up, down and side to side staring at the many, many tall stacks of brown square boxes that represent moving containers covering almost the entire square footage of the front porch but they aren’t taped or closed shut. I slowly stroll to the closed and shut double set of cherry wood front doors looking for a door bell as I scan my eyeballs right then left of the pretty wooden frame noting no electronic ring-a-ding for guests.
I scratch the right side of my hair with a set of dirty fingernails then fold my right fist and knock loudly on the hard wood door waiting for an answer like a Southern belle for 1 second then 2 seconds then 3 second. I remember the clan is in the rear patio eating breakfast. I decide to invade like an army of ants, since this is truly an emergency for me, because I wrecked both my ATV and my heart.
I twist the door knob to the right slowly guiding the heavy door open as it automatically swings inside with ease, revealing. A wide freshly painted beige entrance hall that parallels the front porch in both length and size and also mysteriously matches the front porch with many, many stacks of ceiling high brown material square-shaped moving boxes. My kitty-cat curiosity overcomes my proper Southern manners.
I slowly pad into the quiet Foyer two-stepping over to the first box on my left with the cardboard lip flipped open, seeing. Stacks of colorful magazines noting the top one displays different types of televisions with size, length, and features. I purse my lips, ugly. Then I rotate my neck muscles around the room. No visual furniture for sitting or eating.
I remember Daddy’s newsflash. The Actworth clan is moving concluding that the stack of square boxes might be family trash collected from years of hording stuff inside this old house. 
The Entrance-hall is rectangular-shaped with a set of six low-level double wide windows, remembering. The front-Porch faces the pretty manicured lawn while the east and west wall holds only a set of two windows. All are closed and draped with a pair of dark brown curtains over each glass frame keeping the sunlight out and their trash inside. I giggle with a girly twang.
I swing my face towards the south wall which is colored a solid beige lacking any decoration of art works, paintings, family pictures or built-in book shelves but they are moving then neck snap my face at the flooring made of soft vanilla color like real vanilla ice cream with an obvious center pathway consisting of slightly off-beige large-sized tiles forming a directional avenue towards the set of double doors that colors in solid beige as I visual cringe with my mental decision since I go around to the patio like a thief or through the doors like a guest as I smile with a wicked grin.
I slowly pad to the door on the right that’s flush with the wall then carefully reach with my right five finger pads tenderly touching the solid gold-plated metal with my index finger and thumb then gently twist the knob to the right as the door silently swings open revealing a well-lighted grand room standing in the archway blinking my eyelashes once, twice then thrice seeing a set of double fireplaces surrounded by white bricks.
I swing my face to the right examining the wall of mirrors that reflects standing figures around the large room then neck snap my body facing an opposite wall of sheer black wallpaper with baby white stars scattered like outer space moons among the dark heavens then my breathing stops while my mouth parts like a dying fish.
He wears a black tuxedo, a white shirt, and a neon purple and candy pink poker-dotted bow tie around his neck muscles while his right open palm extends outwardly to me as he stands at six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes, not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white Grand Baby piano with a big crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood. Beck tilts his jaw to the right as slightly wavy hair drapes around his right cheekbone and cuddles the side of his square jaw line that’s dusted in a light pattern of black whiskers along with his pretty dark blue eyes with a touch of violet that twinkles like an pair of electric blue stars against his pale skin without his eyeglasses.
He smiles with happiness. “Welcome to my world, Risa. Come to me, darling!”
I stand in the archway dropping my mouth and drooling mouth spit. I whisper. “Fiddlesticks!” Then, Beck walks, not rolls to me. He’s walking with his two straighten upright limbs of legs under a nice set of black trousers from his black tuxedo.
He smiles, turkey strutting fast, too. “Risa, welcome to my house! I’m so delighted that you desire to spend the day with me. The time is early, darling.”
I stand in the archway flipping my face going from left to right while darting my acute perfect vision around the exotic room. The tile is black bamboo, three walls of black paint with no design, one wall of solid freaking top to bottom single mirror, and a forward wall of twin white bricked fireplaces. The fireplaces are big enough to burn me, standing tall.
Then, I back step with panic, fear, and fright as Beck advances towards me.
He is quick, too.
Beck grabs my hand, which just hangs in the air with my other hand like twin helicopters hovering. He quickly cuddles me into his soft jacket of lamb’s wool. “Risa, you remember my family members,” chuckling. “There are too many to name. Just nod and say hi, darling.”
I see his family members at church, every Sunday morning. And, I know the eldest brother, Cox from the bank’s farm operations. I really don’t associate with any of Beck’s family, since the family business is funeral home services.
I don’t like dead cadavers or floatie ghosts.
The Actworth clan stands on two biological limbs, not sit in rolling chairs. Each lady is dressed in a floor-length evening gown of pretty colors ranging from gold, silver, pink, red, orange, yellow, green, black, and other colors along with glittering gems around necks, arms, and earlobes. Each brother wears a former tuxedo in different textures and colors from black, gold, silver, white to gray.
I stare.
He whispers into my eardrum, because I cannot stop staring at the upright brothers and sisters. “Risa, say a sweet good-bye to my family members! They’re heading out for the day.”
I stare then softly whisper. “Bye…”
He chuckles, scooting me into the room, leading to the left of them.
Mr. Actworth smiles, chuckling and nodding, tossing his hands in friendship and hospitality. “Welcome to our house, Risa! I’m glad you could finally visit us,” pausing. “Hopefully, we can sit and chat, this afternoon. For now, we all have pre-arranged plans for the morning.” He waves his arm towards the mirror. “Everyone! Let’s be away,” chuckling and strolling with his wife, Mrs. Actworth. They’re dressed in pretty black attire for a dancing gala. Mrs. Actworth wears diamonds around her neck, carrying a black clutch bag.
They walk towards the mirror. The mirror is a solid piece of reflective glass. Mr. Actworth stops at the glass then gently taps the mirror with his finger. Then, the mirror swiftly morphs into an array of dull whitish-gray swirling clouds.
I watch the swirling clouds.
Mr. and Mrs. Actworth march into the clouds then disappear.
I part my lips, “Fiddlesticks!”
Beck gently tugs on me wrapped into his jacket, whispering and chuckling. “Risa, please come this way! I have much to explain,” pulling me towards the left.
I watch each brother and wife elegantly stroll into the swirling gray clouds then disappear, completely. Then, the room is empty of them.
Beck halts at the table, whispering. “Risa!?”
I swing my face, seeing. A long table is black mica, much similar to a dining-room eating table without any dining-room chairs for sitting or platters of food for consuming, leaning against the entire width of the wall. The table holds neat stacks of magazines, probably guessing, hundreds of glossy papers.
He smiles, pulling a magazine from a tall stack, lying on the table. He fingers the pictures. “We need to find you something to wear, Risa. Well! First, let me ask if you want to join me for breakfast, this morning. I do hope so,” chuckling. I nod, without words, studying the magazine of glossy colorful formal evening gowns. He fingers the picture, without touching the photo. “Do you like the color of black or red, maybe?”
I swing my face to the mirror, seeing. The whitish-gray swirling clouds. “I…”
He cuddles me, whispering. “I…will explain everything. First, please select a gown. I like the yellow one, best. The color will make your skin gleam like gold bars.”
“I…”
“Risa, I am not human. But, I guess you have deduced that from my appearance or maybe my family’s appearance plus the mirror trick,” chuckling. He fingers the gown. “Do you like this one? I do, very much.” I nod at him, staring. He smiles, tearing the single page from the magazine. He replaces the magazine back on top of the tall stack then views me, smiling. “Alright! I’d like for you to hover your index finger over the photo. I’m going to guide your finger over the dress.” I obey, staring at the former off-the-shoulder slender-fitting yellow ball gown. He cups the top of my hand with his palm then glides my finger towards the photo. “When you touch the gown it will be on your body, like magic,” chuckling.” 
He glides my finger then we touch the glossy page of the magazine.
I feel a soft spark of energy, not painful swirl around my body like a gently breeze. I step back from the table, wearing the gown over my body, not my dirty jeans or cowgirl boots or t-shirt. I gasp then sigh then giggle. “How did I…or you…or we do this?”
He smiles, admiring my gown. “You need shoes, too.”
I giggle then gasp. “I feel a drift, a breeze…uh….”
Beck chuckles while placing a second magazine in front of us. I see picture of girly undergarments then turn pinky-pink color of embarrassment. He glances towards his right, while holding his left hand, saying. “You select one. Then, repeat our first procedure, you finger the item while my hand is piggy-backing over your hand. Okay?”
I grab his cupped palm with both my hands then gently hovers my index finger over a girly pair of panties. I immediately feel the silk-ness of the panties along with swirls of fast hot air, giggling. I smile. “Done!” Then, I see the magazine has completely disappeared from its sitting place, frowning. “It…”
He swings to me, chuckling. “Now, for your shoes,” tossing a third magazine in the empty spot, opening the page to girly high heeled sandals. “What is your pleasure, darling?”
I finger and giggle, not touching a pair of sexy yellow leather sandals with four-inches of high heels. My Mama would faint regarding the whore-like items, if she were present.
“Good selection,” he tears the single page then moves the magazine aside. He gently glides my index finger towards the glossy photography. Then, I feel the soft leather, smiling and giggling, while standing even with his eyeballs. He says, grinning. “You look beautiful, Risa.”
I exhale, viewing the swirling clouds, then the magazine. It has disappeared, too. I finger, “The page is gone along with the other page and the other magazine. I don’t understand. Beck, what’s going on here, and there, and everywhere inside your magical house?”
He gently touches his finger to my lips, smiling. “I’m hungry. How about a picnic, darling? Then, I promise, I will explain everything that your human mind can comprehend,” holding his arm for an escort.
I view the swirling clouds then his smile. I nod, “Okay! I’m hungry and intrigued,” grabbing his forearm while he scoops a large brown wicker picnic basket for our adventure.
We slowly walk towards the mirror of whitish-gray swirling clouds.
He says. “Don’t be afraid, Risa. This is the Wall of Time, which I can’t explain the physics. This is our transportation out of this house to any place on Planet Earth. This is how my family travels, not by car, bus, boat, train or airplane. The sensation is going to feel like flying, without air and stomach turbulence. I promise. Then, we’ll gently land into a new part of soil.” We stop. He smiles at me then wraps his arm around my waist. “Don’t hold your breathe, either. Just breathe like normal.”
I view him. “What are you?”
“Yours…,” cuddling me while chuckling. We walk towards the swirling clouds within the outline of the vanished mirror.
I stare at the swirling clouds of gray, seeing. Nothing! Then, we stroll into the mist.

Paris. France. 222 rue de Rivoli. 75001. Apartment terrace. The space displays a rectangular sitting room with two square large bedrooms furnished in Louis XVII sofas, chairs, and side tables. The sense of orchids freshen the two cream-colored marble bathrooms. There is a separate eating-room decorated in crystal and gold colors, when Lara Lee stomps her high heels over the soft rose petals covering the tile flooring.
Mrs. Actworth carries her fluted glass of champagne towards the outside terrace, sitting ands staring at the landmarks, “The fashion capital of the world. I love Paris.”
“Why are we eating on the terrace? It’s fifty-degrees outside,” fingering her delicate lace over her naked arm, viewing the landmarks.
“I love viewing the Eiffel Tower twinkling over the morning’s sunlight. Zap out a fur coat! The magazines are on the coffee table, child.” She sips her drink.
Lara Lee frowns at the animals, touching the magazine. A white fur appears over the chair. She stands, sliding into the warmth. “Why on earth are there smell stinky ponies inside the pretty flowers?”
“We’re in the heart beat of Pairs, child, across the street from the Tuileries Garden and the Musee du Louvre. We can take a stroll later viewing the Musee d’Orsay, Notre Dame…”
She frowns, chewing her breakfast. “I don’t think Beck likes me, Annabelle.”
She views the late afternoon sun, smiling. “He’s shy. You’re forty-years mature, then the teen. He’ll adjust in around five years or so. You should marry, here in Paris, Lara Lee.”
She frowns down at the street of people and cars. “I don’t know. I was thinking a hot sizzling climate like the Bahamas or Virgin Islands.”
She exhales, “I miss London, too, in the fall, because of them. Since, we verbalized that treaty we can’t travel, anywhere, without being spied.”
Lara Lee frowns then eats her food. “I have other worries then them.”
“Once they’re swiftly terminated. Our worries will be eliminated. Beck will be yours. I promise. Our War will begin soon and end faster.”
Lara Lee chews. “You’re his mother. Beck’s a mature god-kin, who does still obey his parental authority.”
“He will. I know best,” watching the skyline while sipping her tea.

Socotra Island. Africa. 150 miles east of Horn of Africa. 59% humidity. 37 mph. scattered clouds. 79°F. I step my right glamorous high heel sandal onto hard red dirt, scanning the weird landscape. “What are you, Beck?”
“Yours…”
“Where are we,” giggling, “…on the planet of Mars.”
Beck smiles, cuddling me, closer. “Socotra, which is about 150 miles south of mainland Yemen, east of the Horn of Africa, a beach,” chuckling. “It’s not like a normal beach because, first, it’s empty and it’s very, very wild. The sand and the mountains smash together, nicely, kinda like you, Risa.”
“I see only the color of red like sand crawling up the mountain side on the planet of Mars, viewing him. “Is this really Mars, Beck?”
He leads us, smiling and fingering at the trees. “Socotra has 825 plant species, 90% of its reptile species and 95% of its land snail species are, not found anywhere else in the world. The signature species are the dragon blood trees, which resembles a mushroom or an umbrella. The short tree is red resin or dragon’s bloody reddish-purple which as dyes for medical medicines and cleaning household products for years.
“Very arid, not very green, not very blue,” smiling. “Moonlike rocks covered in red dirt with small mushroom-shaped plum-colored trees growing from the brown roots. This is really plain and strange, Beck,” giggling. “Is this our first date? Do you really bring other girls, here to the ugly spot?”
“The Yemeni island is biggest isle, about 1,400 square miles, but it packs a lot of variety and character into that small space.
I frown, lifting my gown. “It packs scattered mushroom trees around colorful tiny rock pebbles which are tickling my toes.”
He smiles. “It is very difficult to travel into the island in certain months, and there hasn’t been much development, here, either. Actually, it’s very empty and thoroughly wild with no hotels, no infrastructure facilities built for tourists. There’s a road a few years ago that can bring folks, here. But, today, we’re all alone,” grinning.
He stops at the tree in the middle of the third-row then waves his hand.
I see. The red rocks and peddles float into the air then magically move towards our right into another shady spot under a different Dragon-tree. Beck chuckles. “I can move stuff with a slight of hand or a thought. But, the hand motions are much more fun. There, I am cleared us a smooth spot under the tree for our picnic.” He gently drops the picnic basket on the smooth red dirt, nodding. “We have shade from the Dragon-tree. Now, we need a blanket for our pretty clothes and our prettier eating companion,” winking at me. He squats over the time, flipping the lid open as I lean over into the darkness.
I squat beside me, getting my new dress dirty with bits of red dirt but don’t touch the picnic, staring. “If I touch the basket will it turn into a real grizzly bear or something that might eat me?”
“No. It’s a plain old brown wicker picnic basket holding our breakfast entrees.” I lean my face into the darkness, not smelling any food items, when Beck pulls out a stack of glossy colorful magazines. He uprights, standing next to me, I feel the wind blowing the gown train around my legs. He fingers the glossy page, a king-sized thick blue and yellow sleeping bag. “I am not human. Therefore, I possess some really cool supernatural powers. Look! Don’t ask the…”
“…physics! I won’t. Just do your thing, super-teen! I think I can catch on,” giggling.
He drops the magazine then stomps it with his right leather. Magically, a blue thick bedspread appears over the red dirt.
Beck says. “I got his neat power to materialize any object from a glossy magazine, a single photography or a colored picture, not a drawing. A pencil or pen drawing is not real. A magazine is a true colorful photography of a real object, somewhere in the world, like my blue and yellow sleeping bag, here. You need a sleeping bag, too. Which one do you want?”
I hover my finger around the page, selecting. “I’d like the orange one with a diamond pattern, please.”
He tears the page then stomp it then magically a sleeping bag appears beside the blue and yellow one. Beck continues to tear pages producing thick blankets for each sleeping bag in the color of white. The blankets thicken the sleeping bags for comfort on my butthole. He smiles, asking in a smooth bass drum. “Do ya want chairs or eat on our kneecaps?”
I nod, smiling. “This picnic under a really weird ugly tree is strange, Beck. But, we can eat on our kneecaps for fun like a real human picnic.”
He tears the page from the magazine, touching the object. “All I have to do is pick out the item then touch it with my finger, hand, elbow, nose,” chuckling. “Or any other body part which contains my blood, flesh, and bones, since my power is within my body. I materialized a plate for our food,” dropping the paper then stomps it. A large eating-plate appears. “I…am not a magician. I don’t carry a hat. I’m not a wizard, either. I don’t own a wand, either,” stomping on the torn paper. Two crystal goblets appear on the side of the platter. Beck says, fingering. “When I stomp the photo or page of the magazine, the paper disappears. It is replaced with the object. “What does my darling want to eat for morning for breakfast?” He holds a paper food menu from a local Diner in Birmingham showing a listing of prepared meals.
I giggle, “That’s from Dee’s Dee Hamburger in Apollo, where we live and play. Do you carry-out to here?”
“How about scrambled eggs? Watch my cool tricks?” He tears the words from the food menu then places inside the oversized eating-platter. He gently taps the paper when yellow hot steaming scramble eggs appear.
I gasp. “Are those really eggs from real chickens from a real farm.”
He chuckles. “There are real eggs from real chickens from a real farm. I’m not a cook. I’m a thief.”
“What?”
He continues to tear and touch the food menu words when the platter is filled with sausage links, muffins, fruit, and donuts with two goblets of grape juice plus ice cubes. Two large cloth napkins appear, last. “All done, darling!”
I giggle, smiling. “Nice trick, Beck! What are you?”
“Yours…,” grinning at me, while I smile.
The twin sleeping bags holds in the corner a kingly feast. He assists me to sit in my former gown, wrapping the napkin around his neck. I place my napkin inside my lap. “There is only one plate of food.”
He scoots up the eggs with a spoon, gliding the spoon towards me. “We share. Open your mouth! I’ll feed ya.”
I giggle. “I can fed, myself.”
He wiggles his eyebrows, “Yeah! But, this is more fun for me.”
I chew then swallow. “The eggs are good,” watching him chew. I view the swirling clouds, exhaling. “Okay! I’m impressed with your magic trick. Time for some detail explaining, super-teen.”
He swallows, fingering the clouds. “I am a vampire in the country of Romania.”
I swallow my food, shaking my curls. “I don’t believe ya.”
“I’m werewolf in England.”
“Naw!”
“I’m a healer in Ireland. I’m the devil in Argentina. I’m the anti-Christ in Latin American. And, I am superman in America.”
“Nope!”
He swallows, smiles, then exhales. “I am the seventh son of the seventh son.”
I view the swirling clouds, then my goblet of juice, then Beck. “Old ancient superstition from old ancient folks, a seventh son possesses magically, powerful, and lucky supernatural abilities,” nodding. “I can accept the novice concept,” frowning at him. “However, you are more than a few magic tricks. You can move earth and materialize objects from paper.”
He shakes his skull, chewing. He swallows. “No! I cannot materialize nothing.”
I ting the crystal goblet, nodding. Beck says, fingering the magazine on top of the picnic basket. “The magazine is real. The photographs in the magazine are real. The goblet is real in your hands. I’m a replacement-con man,” chuckling. “I am a thief. Thank goodness! There isn’t a supernatural judge, jury, and executor. I’d be found guilty, Your Honor,” sniggering.
I shake my curls. “I don’t understand.”
He lifts the magazine. “This page shows pictures of an array of different types of eating-platters. The platters are real and really are stored inside a physical warehouse,” flipping to the front of the magazine. “This is a catalog from the country of Great Britain. When I touch the photography on the page, the item is teleported to me, wherever I’m sitting or standing or eating,” chuckling. “I am a thief. I can teleport any object big, tiny, gigantic or small to me within the parameters of my space.”
I smile, giggling. “You don’t pay for the item.”
“No! What happens, theorically? The item is replaced with the torn page from the magazine, which is kinda like a reminder to replace the misplaced item. When the item is here, I getta keep it, foreverly.”
I grin, “You’re a thief.”
“I’m a god.”
I part my lips then smirk. “I’m never met a supernatural being. Am I supposed to curtsey or kiss your hand, teen god Beck?”
He chuckles “Yeah! I forget. Kiss it,” presenting a donut to me. “Kiss my donut, human!” I giggle then bite into the sugary white donut, chewing. He says. “I am god like the kind you have read about in your English Literature class. We’re the Greek, Roman, India, Mexican gods and goddesses,” fingers the clouds. “The array of whitish-gray swirling clouds is like a teleportation devise for us. Inside my house, the mirror is called the Wall of Time,” chuckling, when I giggle. “I know. It’s a silly name, before my time, ya know. When mirror or a solid wall is touched with god-magic then he can teleport to anywhere in the world.”
I exhale, viewing the swirling clouds. “Okay! You can teleport. I’m not a goddess-kin. How will I get back to Apollo?”
“You’re with me. Hold on my hand, I can take you anywhere, Risa.”
“You’re sweet! Does it disappear, the swirling clouds?”
“No. It is the only teleportation devise available for a god-kin. If the clouds dissipate, the goddess-kin is stuck, here, for a very long time until help arrives or any god-kin party shows up.”
Can something cause the swirling clouds to dissipate?”
He frowns, viewing the swirling clouds. “I’ve never heard of that. Since, each god-kin uses the format of a solid reflection mirror inside their house for goddom teleportation. As long as the mirror remains undamaged, the teleportation devise is safe.”
“I can see it…”
“No! You can’t. A human can’t see the gray clouds, only a god-kin,” holds his hand. “I’m holding your hand. My god-magic is allowing you see things that normally a human doesn’t.”
“That’s cool!” I swallow. “Can you time travel?”
“Can you?” I shake my curls. “God-kin doesn’t time travel. It is not against any rule. It just doesn’t exist like the Hollywood films depict. We don’t propel our bodies forward or backwards in time or space, like sci-fi cartoon characters,” nodding. “I have traveled all over the world, Risa. Our planet is a beautiful wondrous place…”
“Can’t you leave Planet Earth?”
“Can you?” I shake my curls. “I’m earth-bound, too, with you, darling.”
“What does god-kin and goddess-kin do all day and night long?”
He smiles, nodding. “We have fun. We dance. We sing. We play. We paddle. We explore the world from the four rotation corners. There’s so much to see and do from sunrise to sunset and in-between. We’re kinda like a flock of geese that flies south for the wintertime. We do everything within our god-kin family. My god-kin family is named Actworth.”
“Aren’t all ya’ll kind kin to each?” I giggle.
“There are lots of human families throughout the world with the surname of Smith? Are they all related by one ounce of my blood?”
“No.”
“The same concept applies, here. We’re only kin by our biological goddess-mamas, god-daddies, brothers, sisters, grandmas and grandpas, aunts, uncles, and cousins, like a human family tree with many branches. A god marries a goddess then the family sets up shop in a little small town, far away from the humans like in the rural country spot of Apollo.”
I drop my mouth. “Apollo is populated only with god-kin and goddess-kin peoples…”
“They have a god-child in the same geographical spot. Then, the child is reared in the small town like humans going to school, learning table manners and stopping the sports car at the red traffic light. The god-kin family marries the god-child into a different god-kin family. The end.”
I drop my mouth. “Are my parents kin to you? Are my parents a god and goddess couple? I didn’t know. Do I carry special powers, too? I didn’t know that, either.”
He shakes his skull, frowning. “I’m god-kin, Risa. You’re human, but different from an average human-teen.”
“How am I different? I feel the same.”
“Because, you’re with me, darling,” smiling and kissing my naked hand.
“Do you possess other supernatural powers besides stealing table ware,” giggling.
He exhales, shaking his skull. “I’m the seventh son of the seventh son of a seventh son, that’s my unique royal title of a god. All gods can heal themselves, not others. All gods can’t fly like birds. All gods can’t swim like fishies. And all gods can leave the planet like a rocket space,” chuckling. “Pretty much, I am little above average of an earthling, living on Planet Earth.”
I shake my curls. “I don’t understand. Why me? Why’da ya pick me?”
He smirks. “You, Risa picked me. I should be asking you that posed question. Hmm?”
“What are you, Beck?”
Beck stands. “I’m stuffed.” He squats, gently lifting me by my waist from the blanket, sweet breathing into my smile. He says. “How’s about we work off our breakfast?”
I view the red hard dirt, then my long gown, then him. “I’m not appropriately dressed for a hike.”
He smiles. “It’s a perfect day to play and paddle.”
I view the dirt, then the sky, frowning. “There isn’t any water, not a teardrop of rain from the skies,” nodding at him.
He smiles wickedly. “Because, we will go paddle boarding on the river of the Mississippi. Ya wanna come with me? My family is there, too, for the afternoon,” nodding.
I smile, nodding. “Love, too.”
He holds a new magazine, pointing at the page of clothes. “We need to dress for paddle boarding on Mississippi. I would suggest cool cotton fabrics for a pair of shorts, shirt, and sneakers. The river has rocks and peddles, too, along with icky green slimy moss. Press your middle finger and your thumb to a set of shorts and shirt,” chuckles. “Or I get to you half of your hidden birthday suit,” grinning with wickedness.
I gasp. “Ya mean!”
“Yes. I am mean and wicked and yours.”
I shake my curls, giggling while pressing hardy both my middle finger and thumb onto the same page, when Beck touches my hand. My yellow gown quickly morphs into a pair of aqua-colored shorts and short-sleeved shirt when the page disappears under our flesh and bone digitals. I feel a swift breeze, when I am wearing my new clothes, standing in the yellow sandals. I touch a pair of aqua-colored sneakers, feeling all the soft leather around my naked feet.
He changes in similar attire. Then, he packs the platter and goblets. “All the items including the sleeping bags belong to us. I can’t make the platter disappear from Socotra Island. And, we need the supplies at the river.” He stands, nodding. “Remember, we live here on Planet Earth. We must practice keeping it clean and healthy for our…,” smiles, “…children.”
“Is that a marriage proposal, Beck?”
Beck smiles and holds my hand walking into the swirling gray clouds, the Wall of Time.

Mississippi River. 130 feet deep. 61°F water temperature. 40°F air temperature. sunny. 10:01am. I step a right sneaker into dirt red clay, hearing.
“Flat, calm water free of obstacles like boats and buoys and bodies,” chuckling from Mr. Actworth. He wears a pair of cut-off blue-jeans and t-shirt while smiling, nodding and waving both arms in ankle-foot fresh water.
I still my body, seeing. The Actworth family and other families from church and school except they’re all surrounded with the color of rich black with different shades of tint. 
Beck tugs on my hand, “This way! We’ll stow our gear, the sleeping bags and picnic basket in a shady spot,” leading down a moist path of short green grass, red soil, and an aisle way of tall trees and short bushes. Then, he stops in a bald spot of short grass, dumping the sleeping bag and picnic basket.
“Is your Daddy really named Zeus? I’ve always called him, Mr. Actworth.” I see blue wiggling dots around Mrs. Actworth and red wiggling dots around Mr. Actworth. “Beck, I see…” behind his collar bone. A set of pink wiggling dots around her, the young goddess-kin is around my age in my Senior-classroom. Then, I gasp in confusion and puzzlement. “Lara Lee?”
Lara Lee parallels our stance, frowning in my face. “Zeus, the name of a cartoon character developed by the human superstition based on some type of real god-magical moment.”
Beck grunts then swings around, cuddling me. “Shoo! Lara Lee!” He leads us towards a wall of colorful man-made materials. A wall of vertical boards appears much like a set of ocean beach surf boards in various colors and pattern designs over the pointy shape. I see. 
Yellow ducks. Blue diamonds. Pink circles. Black growling bears. Gray flying eagles. Red skull and bones. White floating ghosts.
He fingers, saying. “Paddle boarding!”
I view the smooth lake. “In the water? It’s fifty-degrees out there over the water surface.”
He smiles. “Actually, the coastal water surface temperature is sixty-degrees. And, I’ll keep ya heated, babe.”
I giggle, exhaling. “I’ll hold you to that honor.”
He says. “The board averages eleven feet and four inches in height, but there’re smaller ones for the smaller bodies.”
I giggle, nodding. “A stand up paddleboard, I’ve hear of this play sport. Is it really safe…”
“…and stable and fun. The board is lightweight for zooming around the lake like a shark,” cuddling me, when we laugh. “Its got two fins like a fish to maneuver around the water holding 220 pounds of weight.”
I frown, viewing the different types of colors on the paddle board then scan his fine body with muscles. “But, you and me overtake that 220-weight limit, honey.”
He cuddles, whispering into my eardrum, “Not with god-magic, we don’t. That’s our little secret.”
I giggle, “Gotcha!”
“The fresh water here is smooth like glass over the lake. You won’t have trouble balancing the on the paddleboard,” spinning us towards the lake. “The lake is lined on both side with overhanging trees and dangling snakes. We don’t venture there for any reason…”
I giggle, smiling. “Ya scared of snakes, sugar.”
“Snakes are scared of me, honey. Yum. Yum. Snake cakes,” laughing.
“You…”
“You like, too.”
“The sizes are based on the paddler’s weight and experience. I’m very experience, darling...” kisses me. “The more experienced paddlers handle the lighter and narrower boards for a faster racing time,” kisses me. “The slo mo novice paddler uses the wider, flatter board like Lara Lee, which has more stability. So, she doesn’t get her makeup wet.”
Lara Lee sneers, holding her paddle board under an arm. “Get her face wet.”
“Get her…,” cuddling me under his armpit, smiling. “Thank ya! I will,” kisses me then smiles.
Beck narrates. “All stand up paddles have an angle or elbow in the aft fin for maximum riding pleasure on top of the still water. Ya choose a paddle that’s roughly eight inches taller then you are. We will choose this sucker, a red one for our victory.”
“We practice, darling….kisses her face.”
I finger Lara Lee’s life-saving vest of yellow baby ducklings. “Do I need a personal floatation device, too?”
Beck chuckles. “Lara Lee wears it as a baby bib to catch her mouth drool.”
Lara Lee frowns, smiling. “The US Coast Guard classifies stand up paddleboards as vessels, so you must wear a PFD when paddling in navigable waters.”
“For Lara Lee, only…ya want one, darling. I can magic one up for ya’ll.”
I scoot closer, hugging his waist. “I’ll hold onto your waist.” Lara Lee hisses then grabs a paddle board with her matching yellow baby duckling.
He nods, chuckling. “Actually, I’ll be hugging your waist and other parts, since I’m heavy and stand in the rear…”
I view the lake. “We could be exposed to hypothermia in the cold water. Shouldn’t we be wearing a wetsuit like diving suit?”
“I’ll keep ya hot.”
“Warm.”
“And, cool,” winks at me.
I squirt at the sun’s bright rays glittering the dark waters with yellowish-red light. “Should I wear sunscreen from the bright sun?”
“Sunglasses,” he places the cheap black frames over my eyes when I giggle. “Ya look hot.”
“I feel cool.”
“That’s me making you both smooth and cool,” he sweet breathes into my ear.
I giggle. “There’s no handle.”
“My god-handle,” raising his palm, when I slap it, giggling. “The board magic floats with an invisible hand in front of us towards the finish line, winning the race,” 
He cuddles me, saying. “Paddle surfing is ancient sport created by Captain James Cook of Sandwich Islands in 1778. He and the natives of the Karakokooa in Owyhee rode the waves in the ocean lagoon. Olo is called a Hawaii paddleboard also ridden by the ancient Hawaiian kings call. The picture was drawn by artist John Webber in 1781 of a paddle surfer rider boy on the flat waters.”
Perry laughs, fingering his wet t-shirt. “That was me!”
Cox slams into his brother’s side for fun, chuckling. “No, dude! That was me,” carrying his paddle board with red skulls and bones.
I frown at Perry’s wet T-shirt, whispering into Beck’s ear. “Your brothers are that much older than you…me…us.”
Beck nods. “My family is that much ancient than you…me…us.”
One of the young goddesses sits on kneecaps with her paddleboard, pushing the paddle on her right side, slowly scooting across the water. One of the young gods straddles his board slapping his paddle right side then left side while moving towards the starting line.
Some boards are flat, even with the water holding a single body. Some are reared up high in a vertical pose hiding a single body.
Beck waves his hand silently gliding the board over the water then silently releases it. The paddleboard nosily splashes with water and sound. He hugs me then floats us up and over the still water. We land while I balance on the paddleboard in the middle of the lake with glass-smooth black greenish depths seemingly bottomless to my eyeballs. The sun casts a golden-pink ray over the mountain outlining the race course.
“Hang on, darling. I’m tilting the board vertical for our fight…”
“Our race…,” giggling.
“Our fighting victory,” chuckling.
I lay against his chest cavity, waist, hips, and thighs with my sneakers apart. My legs pose between his sneakers, balancing two bodies upright. He wraps his arms tightly around my breasts sweet breathing down my left neck. I giggle getting really heated with my jumbled emotions from his touch.
He sweeps his left arm across my left shoulder than down between my breasts to access the handle of the paddle intersecting with his right hand. We look like a two-head monster with a floated body of four legs. I giggle.
It sweeps the paddle tickling my neck, breasts and waist as I giggle. “I like.”
“I like, too. The race course is outlined by the beams of the sun that snakes along the lake around three islands of trees.”
Mr. Actworth cups two hands over his mouth, yelling. “Here ye, gods and goddesses,” smiling. The family huddles around him. “The human rules are followed, no god-rules are allowed. Each paddle board must touch or skim the water surface along the edge of your paddle or be disqualified. Me and Mrs. Actworth are the only judges.  The half-way mark is that center tree clearly on the opposite side of the starting point. You must go around the exposed tree in a completely circle, then turn back towards the finish line. Three. Two. One. Go.”
Beck sweeps the paddle side to side while feel his biceps harden then relax. I whisper. “You’re cool.”
“You’re hot,” he whispers into my ear.
Beck steers around each tree island then towards the finish line. The other god-kin and goddess-kin lag behind. He quickly sails into the woodlands away from his god-kin then stops the paddle board.
He cuddles me, kissing my cheekbone. We exit the board, waling around the forest.
Beck gathers fruit for our snacks, while cuddling and giggling for our fun.
The water moccasin swiftly dropped from the tree for both our shock and surprise. I quickly grab behind snake’s head, missing the curling slimy form, completely. The snake swiftly soars and then bites into my hand. Beck touches the snake’s middle, when the snake releases my hand. He curls the snake into his hands, studying its eyes, whispering to the reptile. He gently drops the snake onto the ground.
Then, he reaches for my hand. He holds my hand between both palms.
“I need a hospital.”
“I can heal you.”
“No. Water moccasins are poisonous. I’ll die. I need a physician, Beck,” both seating and sobbing with pain and fear.
“Sh!” He closes his eyelids, squeezing my hand. I feel the pain from the physician touch and the sting from the painful toxin floating around the blood veins. Then, my hand erupts with white fluid from the twin fang puncture marks, draining over Beck’s hands, the grass, and my arm. he opens his eyelids, staring at my wound.
He drags me towards the lake water, dunking my hand. “I drew out the poison, not related to your blood. The vermin was starting to attack your tissues.”
My wound feels like a hot iron poker covers my hand, throbbing. I hear. A slurping sound drains the snake venom from the open wounds. I exhale, cringing. “I feel pain. I feel grateful. You saved me. My hand hurts.”
He nods. “Sorry, I’m not a physician with a medicine cabinet. It’s a limited trick of emergency first aid.”
“God-trick,” frowning at the pain in my hand, while Beck gently rubs soil dirt around the wound.
“A seventh-son trick,” he release my hand then squats, searching the ground. He stands, opening his palm.
I see. A wiggling brown earthworm slithers in his palm.
He closes the fingers. “I can pull the moisture from living organisms like this harmless earthworm.”
I frown, “Pull the moisture?”
Beck opens his palm, showing. The poor earthworm is swiveled and prunie like a tiny brown skeleton. “The juices are gone!”

Midnight. Mrs. Actworth stands in the mud, fingering and shouting. “Get into position for sleep time. All the married couples are behind my head. And, I want to see all the young single females laying and sleeping on my right. The single males will lay on my left. And, Mr. Actworth and I will be in the middle with a bonfire glowing brightly and one eyeball open,” smiling and nodding.
Lara Lee grabs my arm then drags me towards the bright bonfire. “Yuck!” She wipes her fingers on her shorts, viewing my hand. “What happened to your sweaty hand?”
I cradle my limb. “I got…cut on the blueberry bush, eating some of the fresh fruit. I forget the bushes house a set of nasty with pointy thorns after my finger attacked the juicy berries.”
She frowns, viewing my wound. “Its swollen, red, busting with white thick puss,” viewing me, nodding. “Ya should go back home to Apollo and see a physician, Risa. Ya know! Ya might catch a nasty infection then die, here outdoors in the woods.”
I grin, seeing her wiggling pink dots around her skull. I nod. “Ya know. I think I’m going to be okay. It bleeds. That’s a good sign of a non-nasty infection which kills ya, dead,” giggling.
She frowns, “Ya bleed out. Why’s that a good sign?”
“When ya bleed you expel all the toxic poisons from your biological body making ya live, the next day,” giggling.
“You sliced it on a bush. Bushes are poisonous.”
“Blue berries are not poisonous,” laying out my sleeping bag, sitting on top, shaking my curls.
She leans into my smile. “Ya know. I don’t like the wildness family time, either. You should go home.”
“Ya know,” crinkling my nose. “I should stay since I do like the wildness family time.”
“Ya know. I can send ya through the Wall of Time to go back home.”
I frown. “Why don’t you ride inside a wheelchair? You’re a goddess. Correct?”
She views the activities people. “I’m a goddess. I don’t believing in faking my person, flaunting a disability that I don’t lack. It’s rude and improper. I like blending in with ya’ll, humans. I love humans. Ya’ll are fun and games, all the time,” smiling at me.
I view the bright moon then her. “You spend more time with Garth and his friends. Why do they do it?
“Garth…,” smirks. “He’s fun and funny, handsome, honest, witty. Anyways, Mr. Actworth runs his god-kin family. His thing. His rule. His reign. He’s an old leader who doesn’t want any change of his ways or his eye make up…”
“Eye makeup!? No one wears kohl cream, anymore,” giggling at my lame joke.
“Cold cream!?”
“Kohl cream! The black liner, Egyptians used around their eye sockets from the heat of the sun, back them,” giggling.
She frowns then smirks. “O! And, you smell like opossum pookie, girl-best!”
I exhale, slamming into the ground onto my pretty orange comfortable sleeping bag and smile. Lara Lee is so jealous of me and my possum pookie.” I lay on the soft pillow covered in silk, seeing the moon casting its golden-pink rays across the lake. I hear the splish-splash of gently waves kissing the red clay with the faint music of alto, rocking me asleep. I liked my beach-side fun with the Actworth Family. I close my eyelashes, resting.

Sunday morning. 8:02 am. sunny. 42°F. Mississippi mud. I roll then land on my back muscles, opening my eyelashes. I see.
Beck leans over me. I smile when he says. “Good morning” He stands, extending his hand. I grab it then stand upright. “Time for us to fled,” smiling. “What ya like to see my secret spot?”
I view the busy activities around the river bank. Children are playing. Adults are eating. Teens are huddled under a tree, thumb-typing on their mobile telephones. I finger the dirty sleeping bag covered in dirt, sand, grass, and dew drops. “I…”
Beck grabs me arm, cuddling into his clean t-shirt. “My Mother will clean up our camping mess. She’ll take the items home, cleaning and storing them for our new river campout,” views me, smiling. “That’s what Mothers are for,” chuckling. We walk into the swirling clouds.

Apollo. Alabama. Beck’s manor. Wall of Time. I land a slightly wet sneaker on the black wooden flooring when Beck quickly swings us towards the archway. He cuddles and winks. “We take a different transport, today.”
“I thought the swirling clouds were you only teleportation device,” scanning an empty and cool-air conditioned hallway.
“It is. All god-kin and goddess-kin use it, only, and all the time. The mirror is similar to a recoding devise on a computer. All god-kin can be traced to any visitation, backwards. Since, a god-kin can’t leap forward in the space and time continuum.”
“But, god-kin can’t go backwards into the past, either.”
“Good student, darling!” He nods. “No. The god-kin cannot, but their pathway can be traced backwards to their past destinations. Then, a curiosity god-kin could visit it for some more curiosity reason.”
“You’re scaring me. I thought the god-kin were all friendly and friends.”
“Are all humans friendly and friends?” Beck drags me towards the Kitchen.
I see. A room is rectangular space with waist-high kitchen counters, cabinets, and regular-height eating furniture for average standing people. I halt, fingering the bar stools, which are made for regular people like me. “The bar stool is tall…”
He chuckles, dragging me towards the patio doors. “You were spying on me...”
“Naw!”
He smiles. “We maintain a god-illusion for protection, mostly from spying farm girls on top of hot truck roofs,” chuckling. He dashes across the back yard.
I nod. “No single human being would understand or ever accept your presence, here.”
He smiles, nodding. “We’re natives of Planet Earth like you, Risa. This is our home. Some of us are older than the fossilized mud cakes that the cave children played with during the saber-tooth tiger age,” he chuckles. “We use a god-illusion from the others.”
“What others,” frowning, when he stops.
Beck stands in front of double-doors of a red-colored horse barn, wiggling his hands. The doors magical open. I see. A white glider, without a motorized engine, two wings for flying. He smiles, wiggling his hands when the pointy nose comes towards us. We back step from the open doors. “We’re taking my glider.”
“Away from the others…,” frowning at his nose profile.
“For our fun, I like to use the glider, instead of the mirror.”
“Away from the others…,” frowning at his nose profile and folding my arms with suspicion.
Beck lifts the glider ten-inches from the barn flooring, into the air, and then gently lands with a slight thud inside a patch of grassy grass around tall trees and electricity power light.
I frown, viewing the crowded skyline of dangerous live power wires. “You should move the glider further out into the open unplowed field without trees and hanging electricity lines, Beck.”
He drags me towards the open cockpit. “There’s no sliding cockpit lid. I might fall out. Or, worse, I might eat a bug or a bird or a buzzard.” He fingers inside the cockpit when I panic with more fear. “I know that gliders don’t possess engines, only wings. But, the cockpit is empty. Where’s the instrument gauges, the joystick, and the radio?”
He cuddles me when we both float up and over the gilder. We gently land and stand on the long seat. He says. “There’s only a long seat for sitting. I’m the pilot, navigator, and engine,” chuckling. He sits first while I stand touching the wooden frame. “Sit, Risa. It’s like riding a horse. But, I’m the saddle.”
I exhale. “Beck!” I straddle the leather then sit inside his lap. He chuckles while I wiggle side to side with amusement. I giggle with fun. He wraps two arms around me when I say. “I thought you don’t pass the ability to fly like a bird.”
He chuckles. “I don’t. I possess the ability to lift an object like a fire crack when it sails into the air after igniting. Then, the air currents will surround the glider. The wind will literally fly us towards our destination.”
“Where’s our final destination?”
“The Quarry.”
Beck extends his arms outside the open cockpit, wiggling his fingers. I turn my face, seeing. A golden twinkling flare of light surround the glider and us.
I feel the glider lift from the grass air towards the sun. The tree tops become even with my nose, then even with my sneakers. And, the grass and flowers become tiny like colorful ants.
I close my eyelashes in fear, when Beck rubs my arms with comfort. He whispers. “Look at your farm, Risa! We’re gliding over it, now. In a few more seconds, we pass it flying in a northwestern direction.”
I see. A valley of green meadows, yellow rows of corn, blue semi-round lakes of water, white horizontal rows of cotton, black dots of horses, white dots of cows then hundreds, a sinlge gray beam with brown freckles. “Ugh!”
“Your Daddy’s farm is an…ugh. What does that mean?”
“It’s horribly ugly.”
“What’s horrible?”
“I see many, many raising beams of tainted dull grey beam with speckles of brown flakes. Ugly.”
“Aliens.”
“Ugly.”
“You’re seeing the ugly auras of aliens.”
“Aliens!? Really, aliens have visited Planet Earth, before.”
“They visited and stayed. Aliens are here with us living with us on Planet Earth. They come from the far side of the galaxy.”
“How do you…,” exhaling. “Forget it! You’re god-kin. You would know. We’re flying out of the alien space view. What do you see, now?”
“Awe! So pretty! I see pinks, yellow, purples, greens, orange, gold colored beams of light,” viewing the heavens, while shading my eyelashes.
“A human aura lights up our world with its beauty. The aliens aren’t beautiful, Risa. They taint our planet with their fumes.”
“The others…,” saying, when the glider drops slowly. “Ah! This is so beautiful. I see a swimming pool on top of the mountain. Where are we?”
Beck descends to a smooth landing pad, gently perching the glider over the hard rock. We stand from the long seating, together. He floats us up in the air and then over the glider’s open hatchway. “My spot! We’re three miles southwest of Vance, Alabama.”
I squat and touch the smooth rock. “What’s this?”
“Dark blue limestone rock, very common, here.”
“I’m used to seeing gray and white limestone rock, not blue. Pretty, too!”
I stand when he cuddles me, fingering the green trees. “This place is actually three steep hills of phyllite that were smacked together during a thrust earthquake fault about 750 million years ago. The basement rock came from volcanic ash 1,000 million years ago…”
“Your age?”
He chuckles. “No.”
“Your Mama’s age?”
He chuckles. “Probably! With my special god-magic, I dug a rectangular trench along the sides then lined the bottom basement rock of red clay with all the known and available geological formation in the area,” he opens the rear panel of the glider, pulling out more glossy magazines. He closes the rear panel, cuddling me. We walk towards the forest. “I opened one side of the hills allowing both the running spring branch and the captured rain water to flood and flow over my newly constructed swimming pool.”
“How old are your god-kin?”
“I turn seventeen-years old, tomorrow.”
I snap my fingers, shaking my curls. “That’s right! You told the class on Friday when the new science teacher read our astrology charts or whatever…”
“I’m hungry. Do ya want some breakfast?” I nod, viewing the new magazines in Beck’s hands, seeing only bathing suits. Beck leads us towards a picnic table near the edge of the forest on a slightly elevated platform. “I, normally, come up here, alone. Ya know! To think! See the stars!”
“Why do ya hide behind the wheelchairs? That seems, so wrong.” I sit on the cool stone.
Beck exhales, standing and tapping on the stack of magazines in front of me. “I can’t materialize one of Dee Dee’s hamburgers for breakfast, without the paper food menu. Since, I only traverse up here, alone. Why did you come to my manor, yesterday, Risa? You have been my neighbor for years.”
I view the trees, smoothing my fingers over the cool stone. “O! I…got…got hurt,” viewing him and showing off my semi-healed elbow cut on my arm. “See, here!” I nod, smiling. “I…run out of gas in my ATV. O, boy! Then, I wrecked my new birthday present, an ATV. It hit into the tree line of your property, while I was feeding my Mama’s prized stallions. She’d have a litter of kittens, if her prized stallions went hungry for one day,” viewing the table, then him, smiling. “I mean. I came over to explain about the fallen baby trees. The ATV’s too small to damage the big trees,” nodding.
“O!”
“O! I guess you don’t possess supersonic hearing or supersonic seeing,” fingering my wound with a sappy smile for both forgiveness and confusion.
“O! I’m sorry for your accident. And, I don’t possess supersonic hearing or seeing. But, I do possess future seeing.
“You do? And, what do you see in the future?”
He smiles, touching my arm. “Us! Me and you, together,” waving his arm while looking towards the sky. “Me and you touring the world for the rest of our days as one, a couple.”
I giggle. “I like. What else do you see?”
He nods. “Our perfect wedding ceremony, bright, light, beautiful with only you.”
I giggle. “I like. And, what else do you see?”
He smiles, looking at the magazine. “I can’t bring us food, here,” whirling his hand in the sky then looks into the forest. “But, I can ask some of my friends to bring us food.” Then, I see.
A v-shaped flock of birds in the skyline fly then veer towards the picnic table. Each bird drops a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers upon the cool marble. I smile. He chuckles.
I hear the noise, turning. I see. An h-shaped row of flying squirrels soar in the air waves then drop their webbed furry bodies down towards the picnic table. Each squirrel drops a shelled nut including walnuts and peanuts upon the marble.
I smile, giggling. “I like.”
He smiles, “We’re just getting started,” motioning his hand at the woodlands.
I hear rustling from the edge of the trees, seeing. Three horizontal rows of raccoons, each one carry a piece of fruit including an assortment of berries, apples, pears, and peaches.
Beck moves to the open pit waving his hands over the dried wood kindle, when a fire ignites, immediately. I nod, “Fire for our food.”
I frown, hearing more nothing. He fingers behind my back. I see. Six little orange-colored foxes bring inside their mouths a dead rabbit.
I don’t sneer or puke. I’m a farm girl.
The foxes drop each dead rabbit at Beck’s feet then scurry away. I giggle. “Are you their master?”
“No! Mother Nature is their Mistress. I have the ability to think and sum items from animals. I can’t touch to animals, only send sorta like a mental thought of an object like rabbit for food.” He wiggles his fingers, removing the fur hair then exposes the pink meat. He levitates the raw meat over the hot rack. I hear the heat sizzling, smelling the sharp odor of meat.
Beck retrieves a single clean platter from the picnic basket. I frown, “No magical plate.”
He smiles, “Ah! We, god-kin must learn to conserve nature and our powers, too, like earthlings…”
“…don’t.”
“I agree. Earthlings don’t seem to know when to be happy or content. Are you happy, Risa?”
I nod, “Yes. I’m very happy, here with you in your paradise spot, Beck.” The rabbit meat finishes sizzling and cooking into a light brown, when Beck levitates it from the hot rack. I nod, giggling. “Your god-magic is perfect as a pair of cooking tongs.”
He smiles, sitting next to me, “Yes! They’re very convenient. I present a fest for my queen.”
“Our drink of choice?”
He waves his hand. I see. A tall goblet flies from the picnic basket then disappear into the woodlands. I stare and wait. Then, the goblet re-appears. Beck smiles, sitting it in front of our platter of cooked rabbit meat, nuts, and fruit pieces.  “Nectar of the gods.”
I peek over the edge, frowning. “Fresh creek water!?” I giggle, “Nectar of teens!” He dives into the food, chewing. I pick the ripen strawberry, chewing. “What are we going to do, here, today?”
He fingers the water. “Swimming, first, then mud wrestling, second.”
I giggle, viewing my shirt. “I guess I can swim in my shorts and t-shirt. But, if we mud wrestle, I will need some new clothing,” winking. Then, he smiles and kisses me.
He chews, fingering the magazine. “I have planned our spot and attire, appropriately. I have a new set of magazines.”
I view the top page of photographs. “Bathing suits!?” I eat the meat, chewing.
He chuckles, maneuvering my finger towards the first photo. “I like this one,” touching my finger on the picture.
I giggle and slide our hands to the left then feel a slight breeze. My clothes change into an old-fashioned female bathing swimming suit from the year 1930s, covering from my throat to kneecaps. I stand, twirling and giggling.
Beck frowns, shaking his skull, fingering the magazine, “Not that one! I like this one.”
I lean into the photo, giggling. I slide his hand towards the other photo, a one-piece girly bathing suit.
He scoots his fingers towards the other photo, a two-piece bikini. He smiles, nodding when I reach towards the one-piece suit. Beck slides my finger towards the two-piece bikini.
Then, I feel a swift breeze from wearing the two-piece bikini and the mountain air flowing around my semi-nakedness. I back step, yelling. “Beck!”
He turns the page, touching the photo when his body changes into a pair of swimming trunks. Then, he grabs my hand, dragging towards the water.
He climbs over the geological natural barrier while lovingly yanking me over the wall and then into his open arms. He chuckles. I giggle, seeing him then view the calm water.
I see. A wall of pretty colors. I touch the inner wall of the swimming pool.
Beck says. “I curved out a flat semi-rectangular ditch made of red clay dirt. I added over the dirt a layer of white shale. Then, I overlaid the shale with black marble then formed a slanted floor out towards the natural waterfall. The woodlands creek stream and sky rain water flood my pool keeping the water flowing over the mounting wall then down into the valley.” I touch each color as he says. “Over the black, there’s yellow sandstone, then pink granite, and finally gray limestone. Each mineral, I pulled from the surrounding soil and forest landscape. It was really fun.”
“It’s really beautiful, here.”
He cuddles me, kissing my cheekbone. “I’m so glad that you agree. I’ve never shown anyone my swimming pool, here in my secret paradise,” kissing my smile then my lips. We surface, grinning.
I view the water, the hills, the sky then Beck. I sit on the edge of the wall inside the swimming pool, rocking my naked feet back and forth. Beck sits with me, cuddling me into his heated chest. I giggle then exhale, smiling. “I’ve enjoyed my out of this world weekend...”
“Not over, yet! It’s only late morning time.”
I nod. “I know. But, I wanna know, honestly. Why me?”
he smiles, saying without hesitation. “We’re neighbors, Risa. I’ve known you all my life, seventeen years and a few days. We’re the same human, funny, cute, and here.”
I view the water, recalling almost the same exact sentences from Garth. I frown at him. “Okay. I can buy that reasoning. What are you not telling me?”
He nods. “I’m a moonchild. I’m lucky, god-kin, too. I get to picky my mate out from all the goddess-kin, since my mate acquire my exact supernatural powers,” smiling, “through the mating ritual, of course.” I nod. “Folks believe that the seventh son sees the depths of the inner minds of humans much like mind reading. In the Middle Ages, my Father, the seventh son of the seventh son, laid his hands upon humans then cured diseases and body disorders, without proper permission,” chuckling, “of course, starting that silly rumor. He can’t really heal anyone on a grand scale like a medical physician. He can read minds or see into the future.
“Can you read minds or heal humans or see into the future?”
He nods, smiling, holding my hand, “I can foresee one certain future event…”
“O my stars! You can see the end of time, here.”
He smiles. “I can see us getting married, here.” I smile then kiss his face.

Sunday morning. Roman Theater. Coos Bay. Oregon. South Broadway Highway. sunny. 5:14 am. auditorium room. The super jumbo jet blows three out of four engines beautifully shooting out in colors of red and yellow flames among clear baby blue skies. Then, the sky rains down small, medium and large bluish heated chucks of metal onto the lawns, roofs, chimneys, vehicles, humans in the city limits of Eugene, Oregon.
Cox, the oldest brother and first born of the Actworth Family, enters the rectangular-shaped auditorium from the lighted hallway, seeing wall to wall and row of rows, gods and goddesses, including his family. He wears his gray tuxedo, clapping and nodding, “Great shooting, Grandma.”
Wray, grandmother of Beck lounges in one of several chaises lining the far wall opposite of a solid wall. The solid wall currently displays an array of whitish-gray swirling clouds around a descending helpless and hopeless damaged airplane. She smiles, nodding, without words.
Folsom, another brother of Beck rests inside his individual chaise watching the falling fireball, frowning. “What are we doing for fun, today, Cox?”
Perry, another brother of Beck, nods. “I’m tired of practicing.”
Cox slaps the swirling clouds, deleting the doomed airplane. He turns, smiling. “We are learning.”
Axson, another brother of Beck, frowns. “Why’s Beck, not here with us in Oregon? Why does Beck, not train with us?”
Wray says from her chaise. “Beck’s going to be useless for the War. The planet alignment drains and dulls his unique supernatural powers against them. We shall carry on, without your baby brother. And, furthermore, Beck will be imprisoned and guarded by his Daddy during the duration.” She rests her gown and heels on the chaise, while Cox gently taps on the swirling clouds. Wray says. “God-children, please, pay attention! This is your lesson for the day. Cox is going to provide a clever demonstration while I narrate. A heliocentric planetary alignment is defined when all or almost all the planet line on the same side of the Sun within a 96-degrees of each other in the sky, not really in a straight line as the stupid humans believe. This phenomenon occurs about more or less around 400-years, rare as far as we are concerned, but not rare as far as the galaxy. The geo-centricity planets will form a perfect straight line in outer space in front of the Sun. They will be superimposed on top of each other and viewed by the eye in the sky. The gas planets of Jupiter and Saturn, the brightest and biggest worlds will absorb the Sun’s ray standing behind Planet Earth then reflect the same band of rays directly towards Planet Earth. Thus, the soil and sky will glow with a completely circle of bright pretty yellowish light. Every human eyeball will either be sheltered from the light or totally clinically blinded, permanently,” nodding. 
Ima, the grand aunt of Beck, nods. “The gravitational forces of the other planets will be at the maximum pull. Giant ocean tides will alter the earth’s weather. There will be changes in wind pressure on the peaks of the mountains from the extra heat, melting the polar ice caps into steam. Thus, all weather phenomena will create earthquakes plus tremendous thunder storms for the humans.”
Grayden, another brother of Beck, stands the window, viewing the ocean and boats. “Why aren’t the humans preparing for the heliocentricity?”
Pasty nods, “On May 14, 1607, the first settlers lived, here in America. The last heliocentric occurred a little over 390 years ago on March 20 during a fatal ‘Indian attack’ on the English colony of Jamestown, Virginia within the woodland American frontier. Half the colony died all blinded from the sunrays, except those humans hiding inside their stick and mud homes. The American humans do not understand the power of us or the planetary alignment, while the Europeans are shaking their high heels inside their closets, now. In the year 1622 AD, there were 325-earthquakes rattling the soil along with thunder, lightning and blinding heat and light…”
Annabelle smiles from her chair. “The same phenomena will occur on Monday at seven o’clock. This is our time for War.”
The door swings open when a tall female hovers inside the archway, smiling. She possesses long wavy black hair, pale skin. Rice, another brother of Beck sneers, standing. “What is she doing here?
The Female smirks in alto saxophone. “I am teaching.”
Axson stands and sneers. “She’s a Soul-catcher.
Cox shifts from the swirling clouds, when it returns back into a large projector screen, nodding. He stands in front of the chaises. “Tuesday evening is our time to defeat them. We can’t falter in a failure of a missed sun-blessed blinding opportunity,” chuckling.
Grandmother Patsy nods. “Cox is correct. Please, teach us, Soul-catcher.”
The Soul-catcher stands beside the wall, saying. “To defeat the Aliens, you cannot, until you defeat their invisible body part, the soul. I have the ability to trap a living soul,” pulling from her shoulder a designer handbag. She clicks open the purse, laughing. “Long ago, I used a picnic basket. Today, I’m blessed with the finer of leather goods, a handbag. Before, I share my eternal secret of the goddom,” sneering. “Your first task, the containment of the alien’s seventh son, is named Garth. He…is an exceptional individual with exceptional powers, without reaching his exceptional potential. His potential shall come and manifest on Tuesday during the heliocentricity alignment with the planets and against each one of your, personally. You call this, Syzygy or the Five-stars. You must capture and contain him within the Sphere of Motion,” touches the wall. It swirls in clouds then orders. “Show me, the tepee.” The wall shows, a tepee. The Soul-catcher giggles then grins, viewing the gods and goddesses. “A triangle of fun and adventure for human boys, usually, this particular object is decorated with animal skins and scalpels for the alien’s naughty amusement. The object has been blessed with a life form, accidentally, of course,” smiling and nodding. “Structures, equipment, automobiles, and electronics are not alive and do to come alive with pixie dust, gods and goddesses. This tepee holds one or more humans, which are surrounded by natural earth elements, trees, soil, sky, and wind. The earth elements provide a secondary protective shield around the tepee. To contain an alien inside the tepee, we will collect his own species, alien souls, thus decorating the outer structure of natural triangle with his similar energy forces, creating a force field. A god or goddess can’t accomplish this feat. The alien souls will both guard and protect Garth from his alien kin, human-kind, and us, earth-gods.”
Grayden frowns. “That’s defeats our god-purpose, Soul-catcher.”
“That completes the first step, god. The second step is destroying the other living aliens in one final swoop using our handbags, not fists. Our intangible supernatural powers are slightly different but absolutely equal in every aspect, both chemically and biologically and physically. Once the alien is trapped within the charmed cow leather,” holding a new handbag. She drops it upon the flooring then stomps it with her high heel shoe. The handbag screams when the gods and goddesses cover their eardrums. “The handbag is destroyed along with the alien. The end.”
Cox nods, “Easy procedure.”
She says, demonstrating. “The Soul-catcher process is very elegantly simple. Open the handbag’s mouth then have the alien touch any part of the leather. Then, he or she is caught, captured, and contained. You may depose of the handbag in any nasty fashion suitable for your nasty personality. I caution. The handbag must not be opened or the alien will escape and then morph back into its original biological shell body, appearing humanoid, again. Does everyone understand?”
Axson sneers, “Aliens can smell us, girl.”
She nods, smiling. “Yes. You are a very astute, god-kin. The bag is made of cow’s hind or dried leather. Humans will smell the sweet slightly tart odor, just like aliens. To cover your stench, you spray the leather with girly perfume or manly cologne,” holds a bottle of perfume. “I will allow you to select your odor for your captive.” She walks towards the table, holding stacks of open magazines.
She pulls a stack of torn magazines from her second handbag placing them in an empty spot on the table surface. She touches each picture when a wall of handbags, clutches, briefcases, man-purses, and coin purses, all in colorful leather, appear. The shelves overflow with the leather items.” She fingers, “Your weapons! As you and I know, we are not magicians, wizards, witches, ghosts or vampires. We don’t materialize objects from ashes and dust. The objects, before your eyes are not specially designed. Any leather container will do as long as it shuts and zips out the air, wind, sun completely. And, do not touch the alien with one of your limbs or digits skimming his or her skin. When the alien touches the leather he or she will be sucked into the silk lining of the handbag and then you swiftly zip it shut. And, if you are very careless, then you will be, also.” She waves both hands around the image of the tepee. “The tepee must be completely covered with other alien-souls, about 4,000. We don’t have much time before Syzygy. Your immediate task is to find and trap the required alien souls to confine the seventh son of the alien. We shall start, right now.” She walks to the first chaise, touching the black silky hair of young teen goddess, smiling. “Would you be my first student, pet?”
The young goddess views her Mama. Her Mama nods then the teen stands. The Soul-catcher escorts her to the wall of leather, nodding and saying. “Pick out a handbag!” The teen chooses a yellow colored saddle bag. “Excellent choice! Now, please, select a flora perfume for your handbag.” The teen sniffs each bottle then holds the glass in the air, smiling.
The Soul-catcher nods, smiling. “Vanilla. I love the sense, too.” The teen sprays the handbag with the desired perfume fragrance when the Soul-catcher nods. “You are ready for battle action, teen-goddess,” viewing the crowded room. “Each one of you, please stand and select your weapon and your disguise.” She moves away from the wall standing behind the chaises while observing each entity selects a purse then a fragrance.
Cox approaches, smiling and nodding when the Soul-catcher frowns at him. “I was expecting a bigger crowd of heroes.”
He shakes his skull. “Don’t worry! My Agent is still recruiting. We live all over the planet. Just do your thing! Continue to teach our unique species. And, I quickly noted that you didn’t show me your fancy hat trick, either.”
The Soul-catcher smirks. “I did that on purpose. You want strong warriors, fighting against the aliens. Weak warriors are not created in a field of battle. The babies need to stay home with Mama for protection or terminated on sight. You will lose most assuredly with a bunch of pansies smelling like sweet flowers. Talk is cheap. Blood is valuable.”
Cox raises an eyebrow, folding his arms. “Be very careful, Soul-catcher.”
“Be very wise, god-kin. You are not the destined as leader. Your Father has many of each: friends, followers, and foes. If I remember correctly, the friends out number the foes, three to one.”
“Your ratio is inaccuracy. I’m not nervous. When the situation presents, itself, then I will have more followers then foes. And, we’re slightly in a disadvantaged during Syzygy even with our strongest warriors.”
“Ah! I have a surprise for you, future leader.” She walks to the table, touching the magazine page. A wall of tiny boxes appears on the opposite side of the handbags. She fingers, smirking. “These are called contact lens, except they are coated with a special chemical for polarizing the sun’s rays. It will be most effective for the stronger god-kind warriors. Alas! A weaker solider will suffice to the blinding rays, useless.”
He grabs one of the boxes, opening it, seeing the tiny little eye pieces. He smiles at her. “I’d like to introduce you to my Agent. She needs to see our new weapons. Do you enjoy visiting Paris during the summertime?”
She smirks. “Yes! I do believe you requested a show, Cox.” He nods. “Today is Sunday, a day of relaxation and fun, a day of gathering for both humans and non-humans. We tread upon a gathering event, a wedding at the local church. There are aliens, present, of course, who enjoy fondling wit the sub-creatures. We will be capturing their souls, the entire family of souls, too boot. Do not leave any member of the family escape during today’s demo!”
Cox stands in front of the tepee, waving his arms for attention. “God-kin and goddess-kin, we have acquired our weapons, soon, our lesson in using these weapons. Usually, the normal dawn horizon would color in black dirt, red horizontal line of heat, yellow air of sun radiation, a purple sky of blue highlighted with the astronomical planets in white inside our solar system. One planet will be located on extreme top portion of the sky with a second planet might be in the lower left of that picture. A third planet might be in the lower right. On Monday evening, five planets will align in a straight line. This is called a Syzygy. Syzygy comes from our Greek word, suzugos. It means, yoked together…”
Axson sneers. “This is America. The new American word of Syzygy means, choked together,” he folds his fingers like a noose. “Then, they die, together.”
Cox nods. “Good analogy, god-brethren. During the configuration of the five stars…”
Grayson shakes his skull. “This is the only shunt for entering the Syzygy. The nasty aliens possess two eyelids like a cat. They can see through the blinding sun rays. The god-kin cannot, Cox.”
Folsom nods. “Then, we’ll be defeated, god-brethren.”
Cox shakes his skull. “We have new technology, compliments of our human brethren,” chuckling with the others then fingers the corner wall. “The small boxes contain a pair of tiny contact lens which are polarized to withstand the blinding sunray and protect our corneas while we attack and kill,” grunting with the others. He tosses his arms for silence, nodding. “An extraordinary astronomical event will occur that day, too. At exactly at 6:01pm, the planet Venus will pass directly behind Jupiter in relation to Earth. This rare configurement translates into a combined gravitational force of two planets which will exert the strongest tidal pull of the Earth’s moon. For one hour, Earth’s gravity along with us will weigh less. The overall effect will allow us to jump into the air experiencing a strange floating sensation for the first time in 370 years.”
Axson frowns. “Jump into the air. You mean, we can fly into the sky like an airplane.”
Cox nods. “If you jump off at precisely 6:01 pm on Monday evening then you will be airborne like a bird for one hour. Then, at 7:01 pm, you will fall back onto the soil, becoming land-locked. We will able to fly like a bird and leap over tall trees. And, the aliens can’t do that. They are not birthed here during the Great Moment of Life. We were. We are part of Earth since the beginning of Time.”
Grayson yells, raising his fist. “We can kill them, all.”
Cox nods, raising his fist, too. “We’re going to kill every last one of them.”
The Soul-catcher giggles beside the projector screen, touching the smooth material. “After your first lesson of death…,” when the swirling clouds appears, showing a church and city street corner.

Georgia. Savannah. Waterfront. Church. 12:01pm. Perry views the landscape, sniffing the salty warm sea air. “Atlantic Ocean basin, where are we?”
Axson frowns, viewing the church, then the roadway. “Not in Bama, do-do!”
The Soul-catcher cuddles the teen-goddess, whispering. “Goddess, your first of many successful captures, do you see the young teen in the blue sundress near the old woman. She’s an alien with her family alien-clan. Separate the teen-alien from her Mama, first, and then show her your new cool purse of fun. Get her to touch the soft leather, then poof, magically, she…will disappear. You have your first captive, dearie.”
The teen-goddess frowns, staring. She pawns the handbag with nervous fingers and emotions. “She’s so young and pretty around my age. What do I do? What do I say? How do I do this?”
“Yes. She is. Walk slowly to her then produce your cell phone. Show her some photos of your…doggie,” chuckling.
“I don’t own a doggie.”
The Soul-catcher exhales. “That’s okay. We’re pretending you on a doggie.  Your first capture! Go, dearie.”
The teen-goddess strolls in her new party dress then stops about two-feet from the targeted teen-alien. She opens her new handbag allowing the mouth of the purse to hang in the air as the eager gods and goddesses watch.
The teen-goddess raises her mobile telephone to her ear pretending she is talking with a friend while advancing towards the young teen alien. She wiggles her skull side to side, fingering the cell. Then, the alien and goddess move away from the standing crowd, going around the side of the church in the cool shade of the tall trees.
The goddess fingers, smiling then fingers the opening of the purse. The alien reaches for the handbag, when the goddess shoves the hovering hand towards the silk fabric opening. Then, the goddess swiftly touches the leather, when they both disappear.
The Soul-catcher smirks. “O, dearie!”
Cox sneers into the Soul-catcher’s eardrum. “What just happened?”
The Soul-catcher frowns, nodding. “She touched the alien’s hand then they both touched the purse. Then, they both disappeared into thin air.”
Cox sneers. “Where are they?”
The teen’s Mama and Daddy shout in vile words while storming towards the Soul-catcher. Her Daddy tosses his fist, yelling. “Where is my daughter…”
The Soul-catcher shoves Cox to the side then elegants swing her wide-mouth leather purse at each parent. The leather hits the Daddy’s fist then he disappears. Without stopping the inertia swinging, the leather hits the Mama’s face then she disappears.
The Soul-catcher dances in a completely circle, while snapping the metal clip shut, sneering.
The other gods and goddesses dances away from the Soul-catcher.
Cox stomps then sneers in her face. “Release them, now!” The Soul-catcher hands the handbag to him, instead.
She views the tree. “In a moment, hold them. Both the teen-goddess and the teen-alien are trapped inside the yellow handbag,” pausing and narrowing her eyelashes. “It looks to be securely closed.”
“Are you certain it is closed? What happens if it isn’t shut?”
She nods, verifying with her supernatural sight. “Yes. It is closed. Or the alien would have morphed into human-form back under the shade tree,” marching away from Cox towards the handbag lying under the tree. She stands under the tree observing the purse then retrieves it while smelling of vanilla fragrance. She hears the loud terrified shouts of both the two young females, who are trapped inside.
The Soul-catches dashes away from the crowd of nosily humans mixed with some aliens, without interruption. Then, she marches towards the water fountain, snatching her personal handbag from Cox. She halts at the brick wall holding the sparkling water then leans over. She plunges both handbags into the fresh water, smirking. She pushes both the purses completely under the splashing waves for ten-seconds. The purses floats towards the bottom of the water then disappear into nothingness, leaving no evidence for the humans or alien. The Soul-catcher smiles into the water, “All gone!”
Cox cuddles her left side, sneering with disgust and angry. “You didn’t try to save the teen or her parents.”
The Soul-catcher drops her smile then frowns with a sour tone. “You cannot.”
“You said…”
She sours. “This is death war, not a tea party. I couldn’t bring the teen-goddess back from the purse, without morphing out the teen-alien. So, I solved the nasty problem for you.”
“Soul-catcher!?” Cox sneers when the Soul-catcher back steps from the water.
She holds both wet hands, saying. “This is an outstanding lesson of what, not to do, ya’ll,” grinning and nodding towards the huddle of gods and goddesses. They stand in both fear and fright from the Soul-catcher, who is normally, alone, executing her particular brand of the god-dom. “Now! There’s a family of mother, father, and sister waiting inside the church for the dead teen-alien,” fingering three goddesses. “You, you, and you go and get the alien-parents accomplishing our task, here in Savannah, Georgia. I want the other gods and goddesses to return through the Wall of Time,” pulling her mobile telephone, thumb-typing. “I’m sending a listing of cities with alien presence. Pick one and go to work! You goddom senses will select your target. And, please, do be very cautious, indeed,” giggling.”
Cox sneers, shaking his skull. “Soul-catcher!?”
“You wanted a change. I’m providing you a change, Future-leader. War isn’t pretty or safe, but can be swift and fun. Our victorious exhibition needs to be quickly shared with our species throughout the world, without showing off and exposing our little secret weapon.”
Cox nods, viewing the huddle of gods and goddesses speaking to them with god-whispers. “We have your weapons. Go and get your captives. Bring them back to me inside the Roman Theater for safekeeping. To your fight!”
The huddle walks though the swirling clouds, silently.

Actworth manor. 5:01pm. Beck smoothly lands the glider in the open space of the backyard. He opens the hatch then crawls out, assisting me to stand. He waves both hands lifting and storing the glider into the open doors of an empty horse barn.
I hear the baritone voice, before the knock of the wood while both sounds echo into my eardrums, whispering, “Daddy!?” I dash towards the rows of tall trees and short bushes, spying on my farm stead, seeing. My parents are home, but moving towards the barn. They’re looking for me.” Beck stops next to me, when I whisper. “I must leave,” smiling at me. “My parents are home. I…don’t have the proper words to express about you, me, us, the weekend,” giggling with nervousness. “And, when are we…”
Beck kisses me then we surface. He smiles, hugging me. He says into my eardrum, whispering. “How about, later in the week? You can ponder over all my proposals. After all, we have only had fun for two whole days like a couple of teenagers,” chuckling.
I nod, not moving, enjoying the sweet embrace, when I hear the echo of baritone. I back-step when he cuddles me, tightly, chuckling. Then, he swings us towards the front porch, chuckling. “I know you must go. You know you can’t talk about us.”
I nod. “I promise. I hope to spend more time…not talking,” giggling and cuddling into his chest.
We walk along the plain sidewalk, rows of pretty flowers, short bushes of black, red, and blue berries while the birds dance in the sky. Then, we stop at the edge of the front-porch. Beck fingers the new pink-colored ATV sitting in the middle of the driveway. I gasp, smiling. “My ATV, you fixed it.”
He shakes his skull. “No! I can’t fix things.”
I nod. “You stole me a new one, along with my new clothes,” hugging his body, giggling. “I’m so happy. My Daddy would be both angry for the destruction of the little machine and then confused for my secret visit, here,” viewing my new sandals. I gasp. “My cowgirl boots…,” viewing him.
He hugs me then kisses my lips, smiling. “All your personal possessions are inside the ATV. I can’t materialize stuff, but I can levitate stuff. You are good to go, darling.”
I view him, frowning. “I don’t wanna go. I wanna stay…”
“I promise. We’ll have some more fun tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and the day after that. However, we have school, tomorrow.”
“School!? Yeah! It’s Monday. What about the planetary alignment on Monday evening? Are you going to watch it?”
“Actually, no one is going to watch it. The planets will form a perfect line even with the Sun. If you happen to try to view the line-up of planets, then Jupiter and Saturn’s reflective bright rays will blind your eyeballs.”
“Yeah! I forget about that,” nodding.
He smiles. “I’m having a planetary party. Ya interested in coming, tomorrow night?”
“Yes. I wanna come.”
“Then, we shall be, together, for our third gathering.”
I exhale. “Then, you’re going to move away from Apollo after High School Graduation,” fingering. “The For Sale sign…”
He nods. “Yes. My god-kin is moving to another small town, not close.”
I frown, “I won’t see my…”
He smiles, nodding. “No! You’ll be seeing them, more.”
I frown, “More!? Why is that, Beck?”
I hear the roar of a car, seeing. My parents are driving out my driveway then down the dark rural roadway. “Fiddlesticks! My parents are too overprotective. They’re hunting me down,” viewing and smiling at him. “I had fun with ya, Beck. I’ll come to your planetary party. What time does it start?”
We walk towards the ATV, he cuddles me. “Come here, anytime, before Dusk. Dusk will begin precisely at 6:01pm.” I slide into the seat. He nods, leaning into my face. “I’ll be here, waiting, Risa.”
“I’ll be coming. Good night, Beck!” I spin the ATV around, hauling metal towards the roadway, finding my parents.

Actworth Mansion. Living-room. Beck strolls into the room, stopping in the archway, seeing. A tower triangle of colored fine leather goods, mostly female handbags and male briefcase occupy the wall corner. He cocks his skull, hearing. A series of faint noises compose in both soprano and tenor musical notes. He slowly walks towards the pile of handbags, pondering with confusion and curiosity.
“Beck…”
He spins, smiling. His Mother and Lara Lee stand in the archway. “Mother, how was Paris?” Mrs. Actworth shoves her hand at Lara Lee.
Lara Lee dashes towards the grand piano, sitting. She immediately plays a classical song in soft notes. Mrs. Actworth bows her arms for her son, smiling and nodding. “Our meal was delicious. Our service was divine. Our trip was pleasant,” pouting. “I do wish you would join me and Lara Lee for lunch, tomorrow, child. How are you feeling, at the moment, child?”
He nods, viewing the floor then her. He exhales, “I’m feeling drained, a lot of tired, a little weak.”
Lara Lee sneers, while playing the piano in her evening gown. “You wasted your energy entertaining the human-female, all day, Beck. You should practice more restrain as a god.”
Mrs. Actworth hugs him, smiling. “I’m glad you got your little adventure of humans, out of your system. Your brothers acted the same pitiful way with the humans, of course, until they were married of god-kind. Don’t bother with the little human-female, anymore, Beck. And, you are confined, here for the next two days. I will not take a chance with your person, your powers or your energy. Syzygy will affect you, all of us.”
He exhales, frowning. “How, Mother? I do not understand. You didn’t share your ancient years of wise information with me. Where is all this written down?”
Mrs. Actworth gently pats his soft cheekbone, smiling. “You’re too young, still a child compared to my ancient chorological time zone. Syzygy produces an astronomical effect in Planet Earth, mostly, not the human beings, unless they accidentally are caught between the upcoming earthquakes, floods, or black outs. There will be no electricity or electronics for viewing the upcoming weather storms from the Syzygy. However, each Nation’s governmental body has wisely advised all the humans to stay home and seek shelter from the alignment of the planets for the entire evening hours. They’ll be safe, as usual. However, you could be injured or harmed. I would be most upset, son. But, I was more shocked to see her physical’s presence, here, within our family time, Beck.”
Lara Lee shouts, playing soft notes on the piano. “She’s marked.”
Mrs. Actworth frowns at him. “Marked? O! That does explain, a lot. Bring her back, here, tomorrow night during the Syzygy. I will take care of it, child. We’re visiting Rome for an actor’s play. Are you interested in joining me, Beck?”
He shakes his skull. “No, madam.”
Mrs. Actworth kisses his cheekbone then smiles. “Enjoy your evening, Lara Lee and Beck!” She back steps from Beck, spinning towards the mirror.
He says, viewing her disappear into the Wall of Time. “Good-night, Mother!” He exhales, exiting the room.

Library. Beck slowly pads into the hallway towards the front-porch then turns left. Lara Lee gallops beside him, smirking. “She’s marked.”
“She’s mine.”
She giggles. “She smells like a dang dog, being marked by one of the aliens. Ya know! Risa hangs with them, including her girl-best named Cinta.”
“And you hang with smelly skunks, including the nasty rats.”
“She marked. There’s nothing to do. You can have only one belle, here. Risa is taken,” pausing, smirking. “We wanna start a war between them and us. Look what happened the last time, aliens and gods fought. The Milans. The Aztecs. The Egyptains. The Babylonians. The Atlantians. Their individual civilizations are all gone, without a single trace element of culture, but, maybe, a few rough stones disintegrating from the winds of time. No human dies, because of us. This is our treaty for centuries which has worked, very well...,” she dashes ahead of him then stops in front of his face.
“I wouldn’t know. I’m only seventeen years old, since I’ve lived for centuries and…”
“I love you, Beck.”
He veers around her, “Go away! You’ve caused me too much trouble for the past seventeen years, Lara Lee.” Beck ventures down the hallway turning into the Library: books, writing desks, chairs, concrete statutes, small marble busts, art paintings, treasures of ancient World History. Beck enters the room then stops in the middle of the floor. He waves his hand, tossing the helmet of Roman goddess Athena at Lara Lee’s face, spinning around and sneering. “Why are you, a tattle-tail?”
She back steps from the flying object then wiggles her fingers. The shield of Caesar sails across the room towards Beck. “Why are you a liar?”
He two-steps from the object then throws the bust of Zeus at her. “Why are a phony?”
She avoids the air collision then whips the Japanese mirror from the wall. It soars at Beck when she sneers. “Why are you a busy-boy?”
He sneers, waving both hands and then tosses a Viking miniature wooden ship at her. “Why are you jealous?” The object misses her, again.
She punches another copied treasure relic at Beck, missing. She sneers. “Why are you angry?”
The Horn of Charlemagne glides towards his face, missing. He says. “I’m angry, because I have questions, without answers. I have family without friends. I am single without…”
“Me,” Lara Lee lifts then flies the art painting at him, missing.
He tosses the statue, “I have enemies, without allies.”
“I am not your enemy,” she sneers then launches a row of books at him.
“You are not my friend, either. You…”
“…gave the answer you’re seeking and the friend you’re wanting,” smiling. “Just gimme a chance, Beck.”
“No.”
“You don’t have any more chances. Your time is ending. Syzygy forces you to take a mate for eternal or die. You have no option but me.”
“No.”
“I’m the only goddess, within 300-enemies. Even among the god-kind clans, a stranger is unwelcomed.”
“No.”
“Risa doesn’t understand us or you or me. She is human, only greatly intrigued, having some cowgirl fun. Garths will make all her fun go away with a whisper. You have me.”
“No.”
“We can be happy, together, travel the world and enjoy the exciting sights, sounds, and sensation of Planet Earth. Me and you. You and me. Then, we plan our own family, baby makes three.”
“No.”
“Your Mother has taught and trained me as your goddess-wife. I will make you happy, honey.
“No.
“Be stubborn. Be mad. Be unhappy. Tomorrow is done. We will become one. I promise. You will be happy with me.”
He spins at her, smiling. “Tell me about tomorrow?”
She dances side to side, smiling. “We’ll be getting married, Beck. That’s all you need to know during the hour of Syzygy.”
“During the hour of Syzygy…”
“Syzygy lasts precisely 60 minutes, here on Planet Earth.”
“Does the marriage ceremony go on for 60 full minutes? Do you where a wedding dress, a cake, a ring?”
“You hang around with too many humans picking up their silly traditions.” She giggles. “We are gods and goddesses. We can pop anything we want into our world, a dress, a cake, a ring. It is most important that we…me and you…engage our soft flesh and lush lips for more intimate entertainment during syzygy. Syzygy will make us, one and strong.”
“One.”
“Husband and wife. Us. We. Me and you. You and me.”
“Strong?”
“Your powers will be weakened almost down into a filthy sub-creature filthy earthling until Syzygy has ended. During the entire hour, I’ll protect you, watch over you, and defend you. Because, I love you, Beck,” smiling.
“After Syzygy, my powers do return to full service. Correct?”
“Yes. We will be stronger, together as man and woman, almost invincible.”
“Why didn’t mother explain this?”
“You’re her little boy, the baby, the seventh son. She didn’t want to frighten her child. Anyways, you will be guarded for the hour by…
“Me.”
“Babysitter.”
“The actual marriage ceremony looks like…”
“…more a committee of actions, without any words, darling. Our bodies intertwined for eternal will speak volumes of words.”
“I see. Mother has instructed you, very well.”
“My job as a goddess-wife to honor you, god-husband, forever.”
“You like that word.”
“I love that word and you.”
“Aphelion is the point on the orbit of a celestial body that is farthest from the sun.”
“Aphaeresis is a medical procedure in which blood is drawn from a donor and separated into its components some of which are retained such as plasma or platelets and the remainder of which are returned by transfusion to the donor.”
“Blood transfusion…”
“Worse…”
“Aphesis is the loss of an initial usually unstressed vowel as in cute for acute. A release! To let go! To send, like a wedding into an ebbing of the high ocean tides of good-bye.” 
She smirks, nodding. “I’m not the one that holds a Marking. I’m the only one that’s available for marriage. Smell me! Marry me, Beck!”
“You do smell like lust, greed, and revenge. You arranged for Garth and Risa to mark with each other, didn’t you. How did you do it?”
“Impossible. I’m a goddess, not an alien.”
“You rebel every chance ya get, Lara Lee. You don’t hide your goddess talents, too good, sweetheart. Three-turn, my bowtie! That is a very difficult maneuver with a baton even for a talented human but the head majorette managed to perform it flawlessly three times within a ten-minute football game performance on one night. You have exposed yourself and us along with it, every single chance you get.”
“I love, Beck. Risa’s history like the dang civil war of 1865. She’s marked for Garth, who’s crazy over her.”
“Is she?”
She swirls around him, nodding and smiling. “Of course, you can’t reverse the Marking. There’s no reversal, no removal, no return.”
He grabs her arm, nodding. “You had something to do with arranging Garth and Risa to meet and mark. I’ll bet my billion dollar bank account…,” pauses then smiles. “Then, you just had to do it. Didn’t ya, Lara Lee? The Novena Festival, one of the most traditional, as well as, most social highly anticipated school events of the year, since, the elementary children are involved in the gala. Practically, every Apollonian was there that night enjoying the silly kiddie games, great Southern food, human fun booths, but you…”
“So, what? I missed it. I do not understand your silly High School earth-boy statement.”
He smirks. “You, little goddess, really do resent the human beings. I just don’t understand why, Lara Lee. They’re harmless to you, me, Garth, and his out of this world kin.” He walks around her then sits inside the unbroken chair, touching the fresh arrangement of flowers, then priceless vase. “But, I do want to salute and thank you, Lara Lee. You arranged for Risa and I to mate…”
“Meet…”
“Mate…”
“No.”
“I clarify, since I’m the seventh son of a seventh son.”
“No.”
“Yo, boy!”
“Stop with your hillbilly slang…”
“Actually, part of the word is from the language of Spanish…”
“You’re a seventh son, almost like royalty among the god-kin. Why do you insist on playing mind games with me? I get quiet annoyed with your silly hick banter.”
“The night, you wanted to humiliate me in front of the entire township, I suspected something was up. I had beaten you, before, Lara Lee. I rolled my chair out onto the auditorium floor watching and waiting for that something bad to happen. Honestly, I thought that you have gotten that redneck Davy Ray to shoot his BB-gun into my tire or something other hillbilly hicks. Then, Risa elegantly waltzes to my rescue looking like a true Southern Belle in her flowing virginal dress of pure white, just like an angel. Then, she apologized for ya, honey in her soft soprano. ‘Sorry, Lara Lee couldn’t come. Her Grandma is sick.” He laughs. “Your Grandma died in the last war between the aliens…”
“Your overdrawn point, please.”
“My point, you were absent making Risa kiss me.”
She parts her lips. “No.”
“You must’ve heard the hot juicy rumors with both eardrums, if not talked directly with Cinta.”
“Risa is…”
“Come again!”
“…taken.
“She is not committed. You do see that the Marking can only be performed by a seventh son of a seventh son.”
“Impossible,” she drops his mouth.
“For a double spy, you’re really dumb a belle, Lara Lee.”
“I’m leaving.”
“Finally! Have a nice goddess life as long as I’m not in it,” Beck walks towards his wing of the house as Lara Lee flees towards the front door of the Actworth manor.

5:58 pm. US Highway-26. nighttime. I drive illegal in the middle of the roadway inside the ATV, seeing. My parents are driving away from our house in the opposite direction of me, pondering a logical reason.
I ponder that reason then park the ATV inside the barn. Daddy would be upset, if I leave it outdoors, when he hits it with the car. I giggle with the amusement nasty thought, walking.
I slam open the kitchen door, strolling through the Laundry-room then stop. I see. The hand written note reads: Garth’s Birthday Party. Now! Bring the gift.
I whisper. “Garth’s birthday party? I didn’t know his birthday was, today. I guess that I forgot,” scooping the gift. I admire my clean body wearing my new blue jeans and sweater, giggling.

Garth’s house. dining-room. 7:12pm. I sit between an empty chair and Garth at the Warfield dining-table, hearing. The tings of musical notes come from the silverware, crystal, and plates during the birthday part of the suppertime meal. I view the pretty colors surrounding each member of the Warfield clan. Cinta has a blue circle. Garth has a green aura. Mr. Actworth has a yellow aura. Mrs. Actworth has an orange aura. I giggle at my new talent of earthling, rotating my face around the table, while chewing.
My Mama grabs a new fork and a piece of cake then sits beside me. I view my Mama. She wears a red aura then I whisper to her. “Mama, ya look...so pretty…and healthy…and happy.”
She softly sneers. “O, my stars, Risa! Where have ya been hiding? We’ve been looking for you, since we arrived about two hours, ago. This evening is the night before your next day’s school, young lady.”
I pick at the cake. “I know. I saw you leave out in the car. I drove my ATV, here.”
She shakes her curls. “Onto the open roadway, without my permission,” exhaling. She nods. “I’m feeling better. I had some type of bug inside my stomach. All gone, now! So, there’s nothing to worry about. Why were bothering Mrs. and Mrs. Actworth?”
“I’m not bothering Mr. and Mrs. Actworth, Mama. Beck was helping me with some my homework on earth alignment astro-stuff for school. I’m trying to improve my grades for college.”
“That is a least one good bit of news. Our house’s a mess, Risa. Why did you pull my roses from the flower garden then scatter them into the living-room? Is that a new teen-ritual for boredom?”
“No ma’am. Sorry, Mama. I’ll clean it up before bedtime.”
“Where did you get that pretty cashmere sweater? I’ve never seen it, before. And, why do you smell,” sniffing. “You smell like wild flowers? Did ya go shopping, without my permission, young lady? We don’t have finances for filly items like that?’
I clear my throat, picking at my food. “A gift from my friend, Beck…”
“Beck!? He’s not here at my birthday party.”
I frown at Garth for interrupting my conversation with my Mama. “I know Beck…,” watching the Warfield clan shrug their shoulders then softly grunt. I repeat. “I know Beck isn’t here. However, I didn’t know that it was your birthday party. I thought you were born…”
“...today,” Cinta nods, smiling. “What’da ya get Garth for his birthday gift, Risa?”
My Mama whispers into my face. “Did you bring Garth’s birthday?”
I nod, reaching behind my chair to the wall table, grabbing the gaudy ugly wrapped paper box of pale-skinned cowboys on their brown-colored galloping horses. My Mama hasn’t learned that children grown into teens then into adults. I display the gift then place it beside Garth’s elbow. He smiles at me while ripping off the ugly paper, quickly.
I see. A wrist watch.
My Mama giggles. “I…I mean…Risa noted that you don’t wear a wrist watch. She thought the item would be very useful.”
Garth stares at the item inside the brown tissue paper, nodding. “Yes, ma’am! I don’t own a watch,” smiling. “Thanks for the useful gift, Risa.”
My Mama nods, fingering the watch. “Try it on young man! I didn’t know what style you liked. And, I didn’t know if it would fit. There are so many different sizes and shapes and colors for a young man, now days.”
Garth swallows, staring at the watch. “It’s a perfect fit. I can tell, just be looking at it.”
My Mama giggles, pointing with her fork of cake. “Nonsense! Model for us. You’re the birthday boy for the day and night. Tomorrow, we’re all going to be inside our house for the…uh…”
“Syzygy or five-stars, it is a planetary alignment of five plants even with the solar sun.” Mrs. Actworth nods, smiling. “We’re preparing and planning a popping planetary party. Why don’t ya’ll come over and celebrate the once-in-a-lifetime event, Mrs. Patillo,” giggling.
My Mama shakes her skull, viewing her. “We would love to attend, but we’ll be fetching and boarding the animals. The US Government has issued a vicious warning about the blinding sunlight for all mammals, including humans and animals,” giggling.
Mrs. Actworth nods, viewing me, and smiling. “Maybe, Risa can join our fun planetary party.”
I nod, picking at the cake. “Yes, ma’am. I can come.”
My Mama fingers the watch. “I wanna see the watch one time on your wrist, Garth. Please, try it on!”
Garth looks at the watch then his Mama. She nods. Garth hovers a finger at the object then gently touches the glass watch. He slowly lifts it from the box then slides it over his writs. I jerk Garth’s arm assisting with locking the soft leather band around his wrist.
He stares at the wrist watch in midnight blue colors then I hear. A popping sound. Then, I see. A stream of white puff from Garth’s wrist watch. He unlocks the watch tossing it onto the table when I frown at my Mama. “It’s defective, Mama. You should return the wrist, tomorrow for a money refund or get Garth a new one.”
Garth clears his throat when I swing to him. He shakes his skull. “Naw! It’s me!”
I thumb my Mama. “Mama can acquire you another one or a different make or model, since today’s your birthday. And, this is your birthday present.”
Garth views his Mama. She nods. Then, he views me, exhaling. “Naw! I made the watch pop with smoke. I’m a seventh son,” frowning.
I frown, hearing. My Mama and Daddy laugh. I view her. My Mama giggles, “O, my stars!”
My Daddy says, nodding at Garth. “A seventh son! I be dare. I hear that ya’ll have supernatural abilities like creating electricity within your body for both amusement and healing. Is that true, son?”
Garth nods, slapping his t-shirt. “I’m never sick, sir,” chuckling with the others.
My Daddy smiles when my Mama says. “I grew up hearing all about it from my Grandmother the stories, legends, folklore, and yarns about the seventh son superstition. Honestly, I thought them to be mere silly jokes rounding the dinner tables at the summertime family reunions than anything else. You’re a seventh son, Garth. Do you possess any other special powers, besides killing wrist watches, seventh son?”
“Yeah!” Garth nods, when his parents drop their mouth. He grins. “I can eat all the food inside the refrigerator in one day, without gaining any weight?” He chuckles along with the others then fingers the wrist watch. “Honestly, thanks for the thoughtful birthday present.”
I grab the watch handing to my Mama, saying. “Mama will get ya around gift, a different gift without the use of batteries or steel framing. Right, Mama?” She nods, placing the ruined watch and unwrapped box into her purse.
Cinta clears her throat, saying. “I can’t eat all the food inside the refrigerator in one day, without gaining any weight. But, I do make good grades on my work assignments like in science. This particular homework assignment is due, tomorrow. Remember, Risa?”
I chew the cake, viewing Cinta. “What homework assignment, Cinta?”
My Mama frowns at me. “Risa, have you missed another class assignment? Where were you this weekend? We called your twenty-five different times, without you answering your cell phone.”
I part my lips, viewing my Mama. “Sorry! The cell ran out of juice. I forgot to plug it into a wall outlet…”
Cinta smiles. “Our night time assignment gazing at the stars. Remember, Risa?”
I frown. “Naw, a nighttime assignment…”
Cinta smiles at my Mama. “We have a new substitution teacher in Science class. The original science teacher had her baby, missing the rest of the semester until the next year. She’s teaching us about the subject of Astronomy.”
I grumble under my breath, “A useless course for farmers…”
“A useful course to graduation High School…,” Cinta nods then eats her cake.
My Mama views me. “That sucky attitude is exactly why you keep making the letter grade of D in all your academic classes, young lady,” nodding to Cinta. “What kind of nighttime assignment?”
Cinta chews, viewing me. “We’re to locate and path a meteor shower and also plot Venus?”
I giggle with my useless knowledge, “Venus is nicknamed, the love planet.”
My Mama frowns at me, asking. “You look sunburned on your face and chapped lips. Why’s that girl?”
I pick at my cake. “I went riding around the place in my ATV having some fun…”
“…scaring my stallions…,” my Mama frowns for a second time. 
“No, ma’am,” shaking my curls.
Cinta views me, smiling. “We will send the cold evening inside the tepee, so we can see the sunrise and record our empirical data for the science report, due tomorrow, Risa. How’s that, girl-best?
“Sounds like fun….,” my Mama giggles then eats her cake.
“…for the frozen non-flying horseflies,” frowning at my cake.
Garth clears his throat. “Well! I have had a great birthday party, ya’ll. I gotta do my science homework assignment, too.”
I part my lips, viewing Garth, frowning. “You always finish your homework, before the rest of the class...”
“Not on the birth of my day, Risa,” winking at me, then he stands. “Thanks for the present, Mr. and Mrs. Patillo. Mama, I’ll going to pack my truck. I gotta view the sunrise and record my science data, too.” She nods.
Cinta stands, ordering. “Let’s go and pack your ATM, Risa, with a few wool blankets and some more warmer clothes, so we can finish our homework assignment, too, making ya a good grade in science class.”
I stand, exhaling then view my Mama. She nods.

8:08pm. telescope exhibition stand. tepee. no clouds. no rain. starry sky. 50°F. I stop near the telescope exhibition, exiting the ATM. I pad to Garth. He sits inside the telescope chair, watching the bright stars while scribbling numbers on a notepad. I whisper into his ear. “I thought you hated me.” He views the bright stars with the telescope then I view the soil. “How’da you get…” pausing, while studying the nightly landscape. “We left your house way before ya.”
He views the stars with the telescope. “My truck. I drove it, here.”
I view the landscape for second time. “Your truck is here. Where is it? And, why did your birthday present, a brand new watch, stop working?”
Cinta holds the blankets from the ATV. “Why did you give me a brand new watch for my birthday gift, Risa?”
I shake my curls. “My Mama purchased that watch.”
“Where did the watch come from, Risa?”’
I exhale with confusion and fury. “From the Watch Shop, where else would a perfectly functioning new watch come from, Cinta?”
Cinta nods then views her brother. “Tell her, Garth?” He purses his lips, ugly, staring at Cinta. “Tell her, Garth? She has the right to know, too.”
He views Risa. “I can’t wear watches.”
I repeat, frowning. “You can’t wear watches.”
He nods. “The watch and I don’t mix, kinda like water and blood.”
Cinta moans, viewing her boots then him. “Don’t go ghoul, here, Garth. Risa, Garth is…”
“…a teenager…,” he grins, nodding with a chuckle. “…who can’t wear a perfectly functioning brand new watch. The end.”
Cinta exhales, viewing me. “Where’da ya get the watch, Risa? Why didn’t give Garth a watch at his birthday party?”
I shake my curls. “I don’t know it was Garth’s birthday party. I thought your…”
Cinta sneers. “Where were you over the weekend, Risa? I came by the house and you were…”
“…with the calves, the cows, the cotton, and the corn, Cinta…,” winking at her then giggle. “Like my c-listings…”
He smiles at me. “Risa, I’m sorry, too. I shouldn’t have been jealous. Okay. I wanna be jealous. I was jealous. Can you forgive me?”
I exhale, viewing me and smiling. “I’m sorry, too. It just happened…”
Cinta giggles while spreading the blankets into the hut. “What ya confessing to there, girl-best?”
I finger Garth, viewing her. “Is he staying, too? ‘Cause my Daddy will…”
He rises, tapping the telescope. “Naw! I set up the telescope for the sunrise event, Cinta. You’re ready to collect your data for your…”
“… science homework assignment!” I frown, viewing Cinta. “I truly don’t remember being told or writing down an outdoor sunrise homework assignment, Cinta,” viewing nothing. “Or Garth? Where’s Garth?”
Cinta stands, fingering the night sky. “We camp out here among the stars, waiting for the meteor shower.”
I stomp my cowgirl boot, frowning. “You’re joshing me.”
“And, the raising of the full moon.”
“You’re joking me.”
“And, the planet alignment at sunrise.”
“You’re kidding me.”
Cinta exhales, parking her hands over the belt under her winter coat. “This is part of our science project lesson plus an oral assignment, due tomorrow, not yesterday, not the next day, but tomorrow. Where have you been living on another solar planet, girl-best?”
“Here,” giggling, “…and there, too.”
Cinta frowns. “And, what were you doing at Beck’s house, this weekend? Kissing his face for a second time….”
I view the soil. “I thought we were doing our science homework assignment,” viewing her with my secret. “I was riding around my farm when I spotted Mrs. Actworth on the rear patio. She wave at me. Then, she invited me inside her big mansion for some milk and cookies. Okay? Drop your busy bee nosy hairy nostrils!”
“Did ya see a ghost or two walking around the Parlour-room, the first room on the left inside the ex-funeral home?”
I view the hut, then the sky. “Are we staying out here, all freaking night?”’
She views the sky. “Yup. We have to describe a meteor shower attacking the grassy plains in Arizona.”
I fold my arms for warmth, giggling. “I saw a set of falling white stars with a long monkey tail from the heavens.”
“We have to describe the full moon.”
I bow my arms, giggling. “A big bright yellowish ball of rock not made of cheese, moon maiden.”
“And, we have to answer the question. What color is Venus?”
I part my lips. “O, my stars! A color? The love planet is...uh...gimme a second. I’m accessing the proper colored answer,” typing into my mobile telephone, giggling. “Mercury is puke green having only a rocky surface with no atmosphere. Earth is blue. Every Earthling at the age of four years old knows that planetary fact. Mars is red from the rusty colored dirt. Jupiter is orange and white bands of clouds from ammonia clouds. Saturn is pale yellow, white ammonia clouds with red clouds at the South Pole. Neptune and Uranus is a light blue dot in black space due to methane cloud cover. Pluto is a brown round dot for the presence of dirty methane ice on the surface. See, even the Cosmic Fairy doesn’t clean the corners of space,” giggling.” Venus is yellow or white or pink, depending on the angle of the sulfuric acid clouds when sunlight band hits the atmosphere. There it is…”
“What is the color of Venus?”
I view her, fingering my mobile telephone. “We just pick a freaking color from the Internet. Which do you like the bestest of colors? Yellow or white or pink? I like yellow.”
Cinta exhales. “Risa, Venus holds a false-color image to both the naked human eyes and the naked telescope eyes, even for professional stargazers. In the planet’s atmosphere, Venus is yellow. Depending on the angle of Venus to Earth, the ultraviolet light displays the color of black in the low regions and white in the high altitude mountains, presenting an overall color of white. On the surface, the volcanic rocks throw off a red-color, but the atmosphere blocks a lot of the light making the surface to our eyeballs using a telescope kinda dim with a reddish tinge which is called pink.”
“A reddish tinge is pink, like a girl, which is me and you, girl-best,” smiling and nodding. “You and I have answered all the questions for our homework assignment in the middle of a freaking corn field. I wanna go home and sleep in my bed, Cinta.”
Cinta crawls into the tepee while I listen. “And, you can go home and sleep in your bed, Risa. While I will continue onto college of my choice and you will be repeating our Senior-class for a second time. And, your Mama will produce a litter of kittens. This project counts as fifty-percent of your grade in the subject of science. If you fail then you will attend summertime school and then miss the first semester of college with me…”
“Fine.” I toss my arms, without losing my mobile telephone. I crawl over the blankets, sitting on top of the wool. “Okay. Alright! Where are binoculars?” Cinta hands me an ink pen while I write down the data feeling the chill in the air. Cinta says. “Tonight is going to be 50-degrees. No rain. There will be a clear sky for a good horizon reading for our homework assignment. Tomorrow is November 30. We arise at 6:30 am, seeing the bright dawn light at 91.677 miles from the sun.”
“Whatever.” I toss the pen and paper to the side of the tepee then pile layers of the first blanket, the second blanket and then the third blanket over the rough, raw smell-good wooden cedar planks inside the tepee. The flooring is not covered in fine carpet, only thick moist wood. Then, I place a flannel cotton sheet on top of the blanket. I crawl like a bug into the sheets then place another wool blanket over the flannel cotton sheet, sleeping in my flannel shirt, turtleneck and freaking dirty cowgirl boots.
Cinta sniffs, whining, folding into her blankets. “You smell.”
“My cowgirl boots smell.”
“It smells like possum-poo.”
“My cowgirl boots smell like possum-poo.”
She whines, sounding like a threat. “Dump them outside, Risa.”
“Close your nose holes, girl-best. It’s too cold, too move my warm breasts and butthole, Cinta,” wrapping into the three wool blankets, closing my eyelashes and neurons to the numbing winter cold of January in Apollo, Alabama.

Monday. Syzygy event. 6:30 am. sunrise. 45°F. clear sky. Tepee. “Risa!? Time to rise and shine,” he chuckles into my eardrum.
I swing into the pillow wrapping the wool blanket around me, whispering. “Naw.”
“Risa, please, wake up.”
“Naw,” caressing my face into the warmth of the flannel pillowcase.
“Risa, I have hot chocolate for you, honey-pie.”
I twist to the voice then open my eyelashes, seeing. “Garth!?”
He smiles, nodding holding the steaming hot cocoa. “You guessed my name.”
I blink eyelashes with eye crud from my eye sockets. “Where’s Cinta?” 
He smiles, nodding. “She finished her homework assignment then scooted home for a real mattress.”
I bolt upright exposing my wool sweater, frowning. “She left me, here, alone.”
He kneels handing me the cocoa. “I’m here.”
I smile. “Yeah. You’re here.” I blow on the steaming cocoa. “What do we do first?”
Garth crawls backwards out of the tepee then stands. I hand off my cocoa when he hands out his other hand for me. I crawl then stand. Garth fingers the soil. “We lay under the stars.”
I giggle, thinking more fun activities. “Lay down on the blanket. Are we going to kiss?” I view the part-darkness and part-lightness of the dull dawn.
“Later.”
I frown at him. “Later?!”
He shifts the telescope equipment over his body while lying on the blanket. “We’re doing our science homework assignment, so I can graduate High School,” patting the empty space. I lie beside Garth in my flannel clothes, wool sweater, and furry coat. He winks at me. “Then, we can start some new biology homework assignment,” chuckling with him. He hands me the eye piece type of equipment, explaining. “This is a mini-telescope from my invention with two-times the magnification. I place over my eyelashes. “We gots lucky. That’s a meteor shower going on, now.”
I view the meteor shower. “It fills the sky like shiny glittering snowflakes with tails hitting in my front lawn. I bet my Daddy’s mad at the sparks hitting the manicured grass. They streak from left to right across the sky. So, pretty!”
“A storm of meteors, probably a rate of one hundred-per-minute. This is part of the Syzygy effect in outer space, before the actual five-star alignment. We’re pretty lucky to witness this fantastic celestial event. Can ya see Venus?”
“I…”
He adjusts my eye pieces towards the right. “She’s a delicate crescent shape, now. Tonight, Venus will be in full roundness, her soft vapors steaming of sulfur and acid bombarding her soil than drifting into the atmosphere like pink smoke.”
“Pink.”
“Yup! The color of Venus is pink due to the heavy concentrate of sulfur…”
I whip the eye piece from my blinding pupil. “The sun’s coming up. I need to get home before my…”
He gently slams his arm over my breasts. “Naw! Look at this thing.”
I lay down, adjusting the telescope. “At what?”
“Watch! Look at the green flash over the setting sun! It lasts for about two seconds.” I position the telescope over the sun. He says. “Earth is the farthest point from the sun in July and is closet to the sun in January. The space between the calendar months comes in the formation of colored radiant heat received by Earth. Watch, it lasts mere seconds.”
A brief neon green flash occurs over the top of the sun. I gasp. “I saw. I see. I…,” pausing. “What’s it mean?”
“The landmass in the Northern hemisphere will be winter cold. During Syzygy, the southern hemisphere, here, will be extremely superheated summertime hot,” turning and kissing my face. “So, we stay indoors during the Zyzy thingy.” I kiss his face, giggling, too.

Apollo High School. 7:51am. The sky looks more dull and gray than normal when I park my car in the student parking lot. I turn running into a wall of muscle. Garth whirls around me then cuddles me into his chest.
We slowly stroll in class with Garth’s wrapped around my shoulders, then stop. Beck sees me. 
I exhale with pained sadness, knowing the truth of his kind. I’m human-kind. He’s not.
I lean into Garth’s chest, viewing the flooring. He’s human-kind like me.
Garth nods, smiling while viewing Beck. He says inside the huddle of cowboys. “Me and Risa did our science homework, together, this morning.”
Bobby Joe grins, “This morning?”
“This morning,” smiles Billy Joe.
“This morning!” Garth squeezes my shoulders. “We’ll be together, since last night in the tepee…”
“Inside the tepee…,” winks Billy Joe at Garth.
“Inside the tepee…,” repeat Bobby Joe for his amusement when I see Beck back trace then wheel towards our homeroom class.
I exhale, feeling awful.

Fourth period. Science class. Miss S sits at her desk, smiling. “Good morning, class! Who would like to report on their cosmic adventure at sunrise? We were blessed with spectacular celestial bodies, this am,” nodding.
Bobby Joe nods, shouting. “So was Garth and Risa, another spectacular celestial pair of bodies, this am under the starry sky,” chuckling along with the other students. I view Beck. He studies his closed academic textbook cover.
Garth doesn’t bother to raise his hand for the teacher. He lectures. “The Milky Way Galaxy stretches across the night sky in shades of midnight blue falling into royal purple cascading into light blue, then pale yellow into bright orange running down towards radiated red heat of the earth’s horizon. The earth’s axis wobbles slightly inside my telescope with the pull of gravity from the other planets affecting the Earth’s atmosphere. Then I pick out the rounded objects, seeing Mercury…”
Miss S raises her palm, viewing Garth. “Hold up! If you, two both worked on the science class assignment, together. I want you, two both to report on the science class assignment, together. What colors were in the cosmic planet of Mercury?”
Garth fingers me. I view Beck then my table surface. “Puke green.”
“Correct!” Miss S nods, smiling.
Garth nods, smiling. “The genuine cosmic phenomenon has been predicted by the Mayans, Romans, Greeks, and Sumerians. The five-stars will align the sun, the moon and five planets in semi-crooked line-up while Venus acts as the common denominator of the configuration.”
“What color is the Love-planet?” Miss S stares at me.
“Pink,” viewing my desk surface.
“Correct!” She nods, smiling.
Garth nods. “After mapping out the five-stars of Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Venus, and Mercury, we finished verifying the celestial locations using the Sigma Octantis in the dull southern constellation of Octans, the Octant.”
Miss S frowns. “The Polaris of the Southern Sky is only one-twenty-fifth as bright as the North Star. How did you find it?”
Billy Ray shouts. “He’s from there, ya’ll,” chuckling with some of the male students when I frown at Garth.
Garth nods. “I relayed upon the Southern Cross, where the longer bar points almost precisely toward the south pole of the sky.”
Miss S cuts the lights when a black screen appears on the wall. “Planetary alignment is our subject topic, today. Today, the moon and lots of bright planets are gathering around the sun. You can sometimes see the planets as white glittering objects against the black sky at sunrise. Because, the earth’s atmosphere scatters the sunlight in all different directions blocking our the celestial body alignment. And, during the daylight, the celestial playground contains all the worlds with the sun zapping its bright ray over the planets. But, if I touch this button…,” when students gasp. “I have removed Earth’s atmosphere and shielded the sun’s ray. You are seeing a line-up of the Sun, Mercury, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, all clustered together. The seven objects are very, very close to falling in a straight line. The point is that the newest rare phenomenon is called syzygy. The occurrence will be present and seen like a live action television show. You will experience it, also. It is predicated to happen within, here the farm lands and green meadows of  Apollo.”
“Yee-haw.”
“Gimme my shotgun.”
“Gimme my knife.”
Billy Ray sneers at Beck, “Gimme my enemy.”
Miss S says. “Venus is the farthest away from us than the sun. But, the Love-planet is getting closer, ya’ll,” giggling.

3:03 pm. Monday afternoon. Football field. Majorette practice. Cinta slams her body into Lara Lee. “She didn’t know.”
Lara Lee exhales, pursing her lips, ugly. “Figures. She’s not part of…”
“She’s not part of anything, Lara Lee.”
Lara Lee tosses her baton then catches it, staring at Cinta. “Fine! Do a two-turn for majorette practice? So, I can pamper the kitties as I pow wow with Cinta.”
“Naw?”
“Do as you are told, Cinta!”
Cinta views the younger majorette “It’s very easy, Alma. Let’s start with your pose.”
“Kiss my boot, Lara Lee.” I grin like a silly teen.
Beck appears inside his wheelchair rolling into the fence. “Risa?” Then, Garth 
I gallop to him, not smiling.
Garth hangs both arms over the fencing of the football field, winking and waving at me with silliness. I giggle while dropping my baton.
Lara Lee sneers behind my back. “Do it, again, Risa!”
I view the skyline, then Garth. “Do it, tomorrow,” giggling and dancing towards Garth on the fence. I exit the football field into his open arms.
He hugs then kisses my face with his rough cat whiskers, cuddling me under his armpit. We walk towards our separate cars. Garth whispers into my ear, “Risa, I have a secret.”
I exhale, watching Beck roll towards his transport van, without a good-bye kiss. “Five-stars alignment.” I feel terrible for embarrassing a good supernatural being.
“I have an admission. I can do things.”
I exhale, watching Beck roll onto the lifting platform, without a good-bye wave. “Zyzy thingy,” feeling lousy for hurting his emotions.
“I have a declaration. I love you.”
I watch the van’s tail lights blaze while it drives towards the roadway. I feel awful making a supernatural god unhappy.
“Planetary party, tonight…”
“I have a statement. I am an alien.”
I frown at Garth. “You’re an illegal alien. You’re born here in Bama, the year before me.”
“Haven’t ya been listening to me, Risa? This is important.”
I nod, frowning. “Yeah. Sorta. tell me!”
He exhales, viewing the soil then me. “I am different from you. I am not like you. I am an alien. I have superpowers. I love you.”
I pull from his cuddle then swing around to Garth. I fold my arms, frowning. “You have super powers. What kind of superpowers? Show me? Wait! Are you going to kiss me? Because, I think that would be super, too, giving my some superpowers,” winking at him.
He shakes his skull viewing the soil then me. “I’m being both very serious and very sincere, here.’
I toss my hands in frustration and sadness at making Beck, an unhappy god. “Fine, Garth! Can ya read my mind?”
“No.”
“Can ya disappear? Can ya levitate my car? Can ya do something? Show me your superpowers, super boy.
He searches the soil then smiles. He catches the wiggling brown earthworm holding between his palms. I frown, when he says. “Watch this?” He places it inside his open palm then covers completely with his fingers. He closes his eyelids, angling his head at the stadium bleaches, top level, while I watch. He grunts then sighs then opens his palm. The worm is swiveled up.
I exhale, viewing the prunie earthworm, just like Beck’s earthworm. “The juices are gone.”
“Yeah!” He nods, smiling. “I made the worm die, when I purposefully absorbed the water moisture of the worm’s body.”
I drop my mouth, saying. “You’re a g…a good alien.”
“Yeah. Yeah.” He chuckles. “But, I’m good. So, don’t be scared. My alien-kind has been here for centuries, before humans. We were, here, first.”
I exhale, tossing my arms. Then, I huff then puff and blow hot air into the wind but Garth doesn’t burn. I yell. “Don’t be scared. I’m miffed, annoyed, peeved, chagrined, irked, Garth. You’re a good alien. You’re a supernatural being, here, living here with me. You tell me, now. Why are you telling me, now? Zyzy thingy. I’m right. Right? Yes, of course. This all makes perfect sense. The celestial bodies, the planetary alignment. You’re a seventh son. Geez! I’m so blind, deaf, mute, and…and…human. You’re different from me. I’m different from you. Cinta, she’s an alien, too. Your Mama. Your Daddy. Are my parents, aliens, too?
“Naw. You’re ever smart, Risa. I’m very smart. We go together, so well, meshing and mashing and mixing together, me and you. You and me.”
“I am shocked, surprised, inflamed, and fury with you, Garth. What is this all about? The Zyzy thing. The lights are coming on in the middle of the night, a rare phenomena. Are ya’ll causing this Zyzy thingy?”
“Naw, Risa.”
“I’m human, not alien. Are you going to hide inside a tree or under a stone or inside the house. Yes. We’re all to bury ourselves inside the house. Why are we to do the hiding?”
He exhales. “This is a celestial occurrence some 370 years. I wanna ya to hide with me, be with me. You and me. Me and you. That’s all! I love you, Risa. I wanna say that. I want us to be together for Syzygy. We….”
“…you and me. Me and you…,” back stepping from Garth and shaking my curls. “Naw! What else? Why is syzygy so important for you, Garth?”
“It just is. That’s all I can say, Risa. It is very important for me.”
“Is it important to planetary party important for…”
“You.”
I back step towards my car when Garth exhales, standing in front of the passenger door. “You and me. Me and you. Us. We. Right, Garth? Is that your freaking famed alien pickup line?” I hear, humming.
I view Lara Lee.
Lara Lee changes her sneakers into high heeled sandals, humming and strolling towards us.
Lara lee smiles, touching Garth’s bicep. “I’m pooped from majorette practice performing my three-turns. Can ya take me home, Garth?”
Garth grunts then opens the door as Lara Lee slides into the truck. He stomps around the front bumper, while staring at me. Then, he slides into the driver’s seat. He starts the cold engine.
I swing towards my car, fiddling with door handle when a cold hand slams on my collar bone when I hear the truck roar towards the roadway.
“Take me home, Risa,” Cinta says with authority. I exhale, sliding into the driver’s seat. Cinta dash around, scooting into the passenger seat.
She exhales, viewing the window shield. I exhale, viewing the window shield.
Cinta looks at her hands. “You’re marked. I marked with Garth. Why’d ya think you’re my girl best?”
“Ya lie.”
“I truth.”
“Risa, I’m so sorry.”
“You didn’t know.”
“Garth is the seventh son of a seventh son by tradition is lucky and superstition, magical. There are plenty of aliens living on Earth with hundreds of distinct families like me and Garth.”
“Is there a Ruler or King or Queen? Are you an alien princess?”
Cinta giggles, “Naw! That’s a science fiction book by my favorite author, ipam. She likes writing about Alien Princesses. That ain’t me,” exhaling. “We occupy a region of the land like here in Apollo. Our life style is based on our abilities. My Grandfather has lived here for centuries preferring the simple life of a farmer rather than the city life of a lawyer or physician or businessmen. Some of your Daddy’s farm workers are aliens. Some are just working humans. We entwine, very well.”
“Me?”
“You’re hundred-percent human, Risa. Garth admires you as a farmer, adores you as a friend, and loves you like a wife. He told you so inside the tepee with his boyish mixed up emotions…” I slap the steering column. “Garth tattled on me?”
“I shouldn’t have interfered. I tricked you. I’m sorry. You don’t know. You didn’t remember.”
“I remember, too much,” exhaling. “I’m clueless about this Marking thingy…”
“There are three stages with a beginning, a middle and an end. Three dreams…”
“I kissed him at midnight on my seventeen birthday,” touching my lips. “But, I didn’t really feel his kiss. I crouched over his sleeping body like a thief then stole a kiss right from his soft lips…,” exhaling then view her. “It was all a dream.”
“No. I’ve studied the Marking for years after learning of Garth, being the seventh son, not solar sun, either. We are the children of aliens. I selected Garth for you, Risa. The Marking is permanent.”
I view her. “Explain the purpose of the Marking thingy.”
She shakes her curls, viewing the window. “Pretty easy! The kiss like any natural human kiss is an exchange of…”
“Feelings…”
“Mouth spit. Salvia. Garth’s salvia has bonded you and him…”
“Us,” whispering.
“Ya’ll are like newlyweds going to get married. Ya’ll are bonded, together, forever, Risa.”
I frown, nodding and tapping on the steering wheel. The new information is not good. “What happens if I reject Garth and this Marking thingy?”
She shrugs. “No big deal, really. It’s like an engagement ring in the alien world. Some human girls keep their precious expensive engagement ring, if the wedding doesn’t complete on the planned event. You can just reject Garth, tossing his fanny out the door like stinky trash.”
“I got the pic. I mean to ask. He doesn’t die or turn into a monster or a ghost or something...”
“He turns into an unavailable bachelor. He can’t ever marry, again, a hermit, alone...”
“This Marking thingy, is it dangerous to me?”
“It actually heightens your feelings for him. His feelings for you are…”
“Garth’s sickness in the First Grade. That was his supernatural powers coming or something.”
“The first set of stars gathered to form the five-stars which also it affected my family, too. I barely remember. Garth was pale looking and in a coma for days until the right star moved into planetary alignment. The stars move around, every day and night forming an alignment that guides all the aliens around the galaxy. That is our destiny, Risa.”
I start the engine watching Cinta with one eyeball, seeing. If my former girl-best performs some kind of new alien trick. Cinta views my nose profile when I stomp the gas, driving home breaking the sound barrier. “This is about you, Risa, darling. You’re the prize, princess. The five-stars secure Garth in the tower kinda like the fairy tale of sleeping beauty, but opposite. Garth is the sleeping prince stored in his tower away from the flying bodies and debris, once Syzygy is completed. He’ll emerge then ya’ll two get married, foreverly.”
“I hate that word,” sneering and rounding the corner towards Cinta’s house.

5:34 pm. Tepee. Garth cups his hand, viewing the forest landscape. “Where’s Risa, again, Lara lee?”
Lara Lee cups her hands, viewing the sky. “You can almost see everything with your naked eyes, Garth. The five-stars glow brightest, an array of rounded circles of white among the dark blue sky of November, slowly aligning into a perfect straight line with the sun. Then, Syzygy begins for precisely one hour, 60-minutes or 360-seconds after complete darkness,” giggling and watching his arms movements.
He exhales. “Risa ain’t hiding the tepee or present around the forest woodlands.”
She fingers the west side of the meadow, studying him. “I think I just saw that old beat up pickup truck…” 
Garth moves in front of the tepee entrance, surveying the western pasture land. “I don’t…” 
Lara stands in front of him, frowning. “She’s marked, Garth.”
“Naw,” searching the eastern side of the pasture.
She nods moving closer to him. “She marked with his sense. She exchanged his liquid. She was bitten by a snake in the wildwoods.”
He views her, frowning. “A snake?”
She nods, moving closer to boot toes. “This weekend, when Risa enjoyed him, without you. They enjoyed, each other, without your awareness. I like you, Garth. This time-period of Syzygy is both rare and exotic for both of us,” winking. “We can enjoy, each other, only, this one time, only,” nodding.
Naw! Where’s Risa? You said she was here.”
She pouts, swaying her body side to side. “Garth, I know that I’m only second place, runner-up of the show. I like you. I want you to know that. I twirl. Look, where we have planted our roots, here in Bama. I wanna live, here, foreverly. My parents and brothers live here, foreverly. We could grow our roots, here, foreverly.”
“Naw.”
“She marked with a god-kind sense. She’ll smell nasty to your alien-kin nostrils. She does to mine.”
He frowns, shaking his skull. “Naw! She doesn’t smell to me. I didn’t notice any bad odor but her flora perfume. Wait! How come Risa smells nasty to ya, Lara Lee? All humans smell cute to us, aliens and gods like a newborn puppy. A puppy doesn’t smell nasty.”
“O! I mean not a puppy smell but possum-poo.”
“If she marked with a god-kind sense Risa will smell beautiful to your nose holes. That’s means…,” seeing. A single black plastic garbage bag drop to the grass with a loud flop. Garth hears. A set of faint soprano and baritone voices coming from the garbage bag. He frowns, stomping towards the mysterious bag, when more garbage bags fall from the semi-dark sky.
He views the skyline when Lara Lee shoves him backwards into the opening of the tepee.
The Soul-catcher flies down from the skyline then hovers over the tepee. She levitates all the garbage bags, ripping off the plastic.
Thousands of colorful leather purses and briefcase carrying the souls of the aliens tumble out from the torn plastic material. Each leather good slowly floats then magically attaches to the weathered tree bark and animal skins like sticky bee honey.
The Soul-catcher lands, smirking and strolling towards the tepee.
Garth’s voice echoes from inside the enclosed tepee in baritone, viewing the tall Female with goddess-kin pale skin and black hair. “What’s this? Who are you?’ What’s happening?” He rams the invisible door with his shoulder, hearing. Loud soprano and baritone screams of voices without bodies. he swiftly back steps from the invisible door, scanning the walls of the tepee, dropping his mouth, “What’s around the tepee?”
The Soul-catcher smiles in front of the invisible door then stomps closer. She whispers. “Stand quietly, Alien. And, just listen,” pauses then says. “These are your kind, souls of the captured.”
He scans the interior of the tepee twirling inside the hut’s diameter, frowning. He whispers. “Souls of aliens, my kin and kind,” swirling around to see her smile of good teeth. “Why?”
The Soul-catcher nods. “Good job, Alien! the god-kin will finally finish off the alien infection on Planet Earth,” giggling. “The Syzygy hour has approacheth, Alien. Your kind is…as the teen says…totally gone.”
The baritone voice echoes across the open meadow. “Garth!?”
The Soul-catcher views the meadows, listening.
“Garth!?” a second baritone voice echoes in the air.
The Soul-catcher narrows her eyelashes, seeing. A posse of males on top of horses. “What’s that?”
Lara Lee views the posse of horses, frowning. “Garth’s alien-brothers. They’re on horseback searching for the seventh son. Since, his supernatural powers triple in strength,” winking at Garth, “…against their enemies. Only if, the seventh son can be found, that is,” giggling.
The Soul-catcher views Garth, nodding and smiling. “You alien-brothers can’t hear your voice or see your body, once Syzygy starts while hiding safely inside this tepee. Don’t worry my handsomeness! I…will come back for you when Syzygy has ended. And, all your alien-kind is dead,” viewing Lara Lee, frowning. “I can’t leave him or here, without their nasty alien-senses detecting me. You go and entertain them, dearie, for a little while before the brightness of sun rays.”
Lara Lee stomps her boot toe in the dirt, viewing her. “The smelly aliens!? No. I’m leaving. Risa is missing from her home. She’s with Beck, my future god-husband. And, I’m going to dispense my nasty attitude on the little nosy Southern belle…”
The Soul-catcher twists to Lara Lee, frowning. “Risa was our bait. Her job’s finished. We are forbidden to harm any single human. Why’s she with Beck at his manor.”
Lara Lee nods. “She’s marked. She loves Beck for some silly Earthling reason like teen love. Or what not? I should…”
“You’re not making any logical sense, Lara Lee. Specific to me, teen love?”
She frowns. “She smells, too.”
The Soul-catcher sours. “Risa was our only our bait. Why does she smell to your sensitive senses?”
“I just told ya. She’s marked by Beck.”
The Soul-catcher shakes her curls. “That doesn’t make any sense, goddess-kin.”
Lara Lee frowns then pouts. “O! I meant she was marked by Garth.”
The Soul-catcher shoves on Lara Lee’s shoulder. “Go and scoot away the nosy brother aliens, before they veer towards the tepee. It glows within their two sets of eyelids which also protects them from the upcoming Syzygy’s blinking sun rays. I’ll disguise with it with my inner Soul swirling in fade green like similar to tree forest, instead of a glowing golden-yellow. Run along! I can’t hold my Soul image, too long.”
Lara Lee walks towards the invisible door, smirking. “Hey, Garth! Don’t’ get cozy! I’ll be back, too, after seeing all your alien-kin dead. Ta-ta, dearie.”
The Soul-catcher watches Lara Lee run in god-speed towards the posse of horses. Then, she closes her eyelashes flaring her soul into the color of fade green. Her stretched body covers the tepee within one-inch.
“Hey!” Garth back steps, twirling around while scanning the wall. “Where’s the yellow sunlight? Why’s it dull orange inside here? What’s going on? What’s happening? Where’s Lara Lee? Who are you?”
A single shotgun echoes across the open meadow.
The Soul-catcher flies withdrawing her Soul then gently drops to the soil.
“Much better, the yellow has returned,” viewing the Soul-catcher, smirking. “And, I bet my box of fresh yummy vanilla donuts that Lara Lee don’t return,” chuckling. 
She sneers at Garth when he snarls back to the unknown goddess-kin. She nods. “I’ll punish you for that, too, Alien.”
“You. Can. Try. Witch.” Garth growls, then she flies into the skyline away from the tepee. He bangs on the invisible door. He back steps, jerking on the single wooden pole holding up the tepee, without success. He exhales, viewing the wooden planks. “Risa…”

5: 38 pm. Garth’s house. I pull into the driveway when Cinta jumps from the stopped car. She gallops to her Mama. I exhale with confusion and sadness. I roll down the window, listening.
Mrs. Warfield flings her arms, shouting. “Garth! He’s missing. We can’t find him, any where on the farm.”
Cinta backs steps, viewing the pavement and shaking her curls. She views her Mama. “Naw! He left long before me and Risa in his truck, right after our majorette practice, right after school. I saw him left,” viewing the pavement. “Garth left with Lara Lee.”
Mrs. Warfield drops her mouth. “…with Lara Lee. Why did he do that?”
Cinta shakes her curls, sobbing. “I don’t’ know. I was…,” viewing me then her Mama. “I wasn’t paying attention. I’m so sorry, Mama.”
Mrs. Warfield hugs her daughter. “Garth is alive. Cox and his brothers are tracking him down on horseback. The horses can sense the god-kin. Garth is alive. I know it. I feel it. They’ll find hi and Lara Lee.
I round the circular driveway without waving good-bye. “Garth is missing. He is an alien. Lara Lee was with Garth. Lara Lee is a goddess-kin. Not good! Beck is god-kin. He can help me. Beck can me find Lara Lee,” racing down the roadway to my house.
I turn into the driveway slamming the brakes at the front door. I enter my house, shouting. “Mama!? Daddy!” I halt at the refrigerator door, seeing.
A hand written note. Herding the animals into the barns. Stay inside! If not home before six, we stay with the stallions.”
I back step, nodding. “Okay. Parents are fine. I am fine. Garth is not fine. Lara Lee is bad. Beck can help,” dashing out the rear patio door towards the barn.
I need a good plan, without drawing attention to my emergency or worried desperation.
I start my new ATV then putt-putt down the driveway. I slam the steering column of the ATV. “Both of them are supernatural beings. Gods and aliens! Am I living on the correct planet,” exhaling. I switch on the radio, hearing.
The announcer of the radio news station says. “There will be a very strong Planetary Alignment of the following planets on Monday morning starting at midnight. Venus. Sun. Earth. Uranus. Jupiter. The combined with the Earth reaching Perihelion along with strong Lunar astrological aspects  which may foreshadow a potential one or two earthquakes over 7.5 Magnitude Alabama, Tennessee, and Florida. Therefore, the US Government has issued an earthquake watch for these US States in the Deep South. There will be solar flare activity preventing telecommunication services, including mobile telephones, television stations, and radio stations communication. So, folks hide in the closet, since the cell phone ain’t going to be working with a working flashlight. The weatherman wants each person to trick this phenomenon like a tornado drill.”
I stop at the roadway, looking left then right then upwards into the skyline.
There are no clouds but, the air is crisp. The sky is mean-looking in pretty purple-midnight black, without rain clouds or yellow lighting bolts. The night time hour approaches. The five-stars burn in bright white circles of roundness, making a horror picture show of the skyline
I whisper, switching the radio channel to music. “I know that.”
I exhale, turning onto the highway, putting towards Beck’s manor.
The second radio announcer says. “Folks, we’re going to be blinded for precisely one-hour minutes and three seconds. The Planetary Alignment, the strongest in 370-years, which was after the establishment of Jamestown, Virginia, the first English colony in the America occur at midnight. It will look like the sun is shining in Hawaii, folks. With the blindness, the Lunar astrological signs indicate an earthquake potential registering 7.5 Magnitude or higher. There will be only one based on the NSI, the National Space Institution resources used by this radio station. The Lunar Modulation favors Alabama. Yup, folks! That’s us! So, stay inside your homes with the doors bolted and locked until this thing passes us by. And, it ain’t Brother Jesus coming for us, either.”

5:44 pm. Actworth manor. I turn into the driveway, seeing. The manor is dark with no outside porch lighting or inner lamps. Beck invited me to his planetary party. Therefore, he must be alone in the house.
Or, he has left his house, since I have rejected his love and offer of marriage.
I slam the brakes near the front porch, without squealing the tiny tires. I jump from the ATV, seeing.
The nighttime sky is really dark, most usually blacker than normal as the five planets appear like great big balls of whiteness inside a beautiful purple-blue sky along with a swarm of tiny yellowish lighted fire flies veering towards Beck’s house.
“Strange…,” whispering, then stomp towards the front door. I swiftly twist the door knob. Locked. Then, I fold my fist, raising it bang the nails off the wood, hearing. A cascade of faint voices in alto, soprano, bass, baritone, and tenor musical notes of a foreign-speaking
languages, not American.
I feel kitty-cat curiosity with the new series of funny sounds.
I two-step from the front door towards the edge of the front-porch, seeing. The tiny fire flies are veering towards the rear patio of the house. I feel my kitty-cat curiosity, more.
I crouch then butthole-crawl on bend kneecaps towards the edge of the rear patio, passing the pretty flowers, tall trees, and short bushes, which I can hardly see in the total darkness of the weird night of whatever.
The Moon has aligned directly with Earth causing an eclipse or something like that.
I fall on my kneecaps in pain then dog paddle towards the very edge of the brick, seeing. A hundreds of faceless people: black hair, pale skin, tall, slender.
“Gods and goddesses…,” whispering and spying.
Cox yells, without me seeing him, and, most importantly, without him seeing me. “Go! Go! Go straight down the hallway towards the third archway, turn right. The Wall of Time has been activated. Stay in the room until the planetary alignment. Syzygy will ignite with the sunlight. This is our fight with the aliens. The aliens have killed our Goddess Lara Lee in cold blood….”
I gasp, whispering. “Lara Lee is dead.”
Cox yells. “They’ll be both weak and venerable from the sun effects of Syzygy. We kill them in a few more minutes at the stroke of brightness and before the sunlight fades. All aliens will be dead.”
I gasp, whispering. “The aliens are in danger. Garth!?” I back pedal towards the middle of the sidewalk then stand, running towards the edge of the porch. I slide in my cowgirl boots, halting.
I back pedal turning towards the glass window, smirking. “Thieves never use the front door, Mama,” squatting then grab one of the short thick hard Tiki stones creating a circle of beautiful lawn ornaments from the flower garden. I rear back my arms then smash the thin glass. “Lawn decorations, thieves love ‘em.” I jerk the tall semi-light weight iron statue of a pink Flamingo then bang its legs into the open space, then yank the window open, without cutting my hands. The windows are nicely greased for a home-selling.
I tumble into the Entrance-hall, sitting on the floor, hearing. A series of soft grunts of the gods and goddesses in the far distance. I stand then squat, butt-crawling along the wall, stopping.
I peek-a-boo around the door corner, seeing. Darkness. Then, I hear. Loud shouts of joy come from the room with the Wall of Time. My I slam my shoulder blades into the dark room while my heart pounds against the rib cage.
Then, I see light, covering my eyeballs with both hands.
Syzygy has started. The five planets have aligned when bright sunrays shine through the parts of the broken glass window between the thick curtains of vertical spacing from my sneaking into the Entrance-hall.
I pant with fear. I don’t want to go blind from the sunrays reflecting off Jupiter and Saturn.
I exhale my hot breathe, hearing.
“Go! Go! Kill the aliens!” Cox stands inside the hallway, shouting to the gods and goddesses.
Then, I hear. Silence.
I exhale, sliding towards the dark part of the hallway. I peek-a-boo around the door corner, seeing. Nothing. I close my eyelashes, hearing. A faint grunt echoes from an inner room.  
I open my eyelashes then swiftly butt-crawl along the entrance space into the first hallway on my right towards the faint sound.
I really don’t know the layout of Beck’s house, but he is probably not in the room with the Wall of Time.
I crouch near the wall, scanning behind my shoulder. Nothing. Then, I scan ahead in the darkness. Nothing. I stand, fearing everything. I hear. A series of faint grunts come from an inner chamber along the wall.
I slowly walk towards the lighted room then stop and stand inside the archway, seeing. A black ponytail from a tall Male is beating and punching on Beck. He cuddles in a folded position on the floor, bleeding. “Dang,” whispering, then I swiftly back step from the archway, thinking.
I continue to back step then swing towards the hallway, entering the room across the darkness. I stand inside a large room, seeing. A damaged space filled with broken and busted picture frames, statues, marble busts, ripped books, and torn furniture parts. “Dang,” whispering from more confusion and fright.
I scan the broken pieces of marble, porcelain, canvas, and concrete then grab the object. I jerk the piece of statue into the air, giggling. “Thor’s hammer from the Scandinavian god of thunder. Yeah, baby! This should stop the Ponytail,” exhaling while dragging the heavy concrete along my kneecaps. I slowly march towards the lighted room, exhaling in fear, panic, and exhaustion.
I reach the archway while the Ponytail continues to punch on Beck, swinging my arms back and forth. I sneak upon the Ponytail then hit his back muscle with all my physical human strength.
The Ponytail stumbles forward over Beck then flings his tall body sideways while trying to maintain his upper torso balance. He hits the wall then bounces back, swinging around. He sees and sneers at me.
Beck struggles upon one kneecap then zaps a shorten faded blue beam, hitting the tile. He shakes his hand then aims his finger, again. He zaps a longer beam at an advancing and angry Ponytail.
The Ponytail slams into the wall then slumps onto the flooring. I smile, slowly dropping the heavy hammer. “Good shooting, Tex!” Beck collapses upon his knees and palms, when I dash to his side. “Beck, are you conscious? Are you in pain? Do ya know a physician or medicines? I don’t know what a god does for healing.”
Beck grunts then softly says. “Help me up!” I assist him upright then onto the long sofa, cuddling him into my breasts, exhaling. “What’s going on here? Who are those other gods and goddesses inside your house? Where’s your parents? Who is that guy?”
He exhales, gently touching his wounds with an index finger. I see tiny rays of soft blue surround his red skin slashes and black body bruises. “Don’t know. I was reading…”
“What happened to your god-powers?”
He exhales. “The Syzygy drains me, right now, during the period of limited sunlight. After the event has concluded, I’m restored,” touching his skin with blue rays of light.
“Lara Lee is dead.”
 Beck sours, viewing me. “Ya lie.”
“No! I was hiding around the corner of your house. I see this swarm of tiny light like flies in the night sky, right before the sunlight. I followed the swarm when each light landed on your rear patio. Cox was there. He said that the aliens had killed Lara Lee then gave out orders to attack and kill the aliens.”
He stares at the flooring, nodding. “Lara Lee was the Agent of trouble. She deserved what she got for causing this bloody massacre,” shaking his skull, “And, my family is involved, too.”
“What’s happening, Beck. Why are they doing this? We have help and save the aliens from your god-kin.”
“The best, I can understand with my shared knowledge from Lara Lee and lack of shared information from my Mother plus doing a little research, before he showed up in the Den. There is a silent No Fighting Treaty between both the aliens and the gods, which no one particular likes. My god-Father and the alien-Father instigated it eons, ago. But, now, this is Syzygy which makes Planet Earth a battle ground for both the aliens and the gods, out of sight of the earthlings.”
I nod. “All the earthlings are hiding inside their homes, safe and sound, without knowing the secret superpower Civil War is taking place, right in front of their city streets or inside their manicured lawns. Unbelievable! Syzygy acts like a beacon on each alien. The sunlight exposes their aura with an opposite shade of midnight black, which is easily distinguished from lightness,” viewing me. “The aliens are standing targets, now.” 
“Garth is an alien. He’s one of them.”
He chuckles. “I know that.”
I exhale. “You know. He knows,” exhaling then frowning. “Am I the only one left in the bright sunlight?”
“Yes.”
I exhale. “Fine. We…me and you…help and save the aliens.”
He shakes his skull. “I don’t know, if there’s anything I can do, Risa,” chuckling. “I’m not really my usual jolly self. I wish I could help. Do something besides bleed and bruise,” slamming a faded blue beam into his red bloody wound on his arm.
I nod, staring at his nose profile. “Lara Lee left with Garth, this afternoon, after school. Garth’s brothers found her with Garth then killed her. That’s makes perfect logical sense. She did something terrible to Garth for both meanness and revenge. That’d explain the reasoning for murdering her.”
“I agree.”
“We find and save him, Beck.”
He exhales, frowning at me. “Help Garth, the day I rescue my enemy.”

Wall of Time. Living-room. We slowly limp together into the room, standing in front of the swirling clouds. I see.
A field of tiny black round balls run forward, backwards, side to side in a grass meadow making up a solo ball or a group of balls then disappear.
“What are we looking at?”
“Find Garth,” Beck touches the present image when it changes. A tepee.
I gasp. “The tepee!? Me and Cinta played in thing during our childhood and teen years. It sets in the woodlands between our property lines. Why’s he there?”
“I can’t answer that question. But, we can go there and seek an answer. The Wall of Time would be a much quicker path then one of the land vehicles or the gliders.”
I grab his hand, nodding. “Do it!”

6:13 pm. Tepee. I step my cowgirl boot onto the bright light touching the soil, seeing. A glowing tepee in golden twinkles while blending into the bright sunlight.
Beck stands shading his eyelids then slowly drops his hands. He blinks eyeballs adjusting to the Syzygy blinking sun ray. He frowns, moving towards the tepee. “What’s this?”
Garth stands inside, waving and smiling at me. “Lots of room in here for a couple of chairs and you, Risa.”
I toss my arm. “Hush, Garth! How do we get him out, Beck?”
Beck slowly walks around the tepee while examining the surface of the hut. “I’m thinking.”
“Think a little faster, please,” exhaling with nervousness and sadness.
“What’s happening outside during Syzygy?” Garth asks. “I can’t see any color but brightness.”
I giggle. “Brightness ain’t a color, boy! And, brightness has covered the entire soil, sky, and sun. It’s like the planet is the new solar sun.”
Garth fingers the side of the hut, “use my telescope binoculars! Tell us what’s happening beyond here, Risa.” I dash to the binoculars, lifting them to my face, seeing.
Beck slowly pads around the hut for a second time, exhaling. “This is really strange.”
I giggle, viewing Garth. “Ya’ll are really strange, too,” then the ground shakes from a mini-earthquake. I stand, wobbling side to side in place. “What’s going on?”
Beck says, standing in front of the opening of the tepee. “The effects of syzygy will continue to cause major earthquakes and blinding sunlight. However, I’m surprised that Risa can see you.”
Garth frowns at Beck. “You can see me, too, Beck.”
He nods, studying the tepee. “I’m the seventh son of the god-kin. I can do some nifty stuff, too, Garth.”
I kneel against the fallen log, anchoring my torso over the tree bark, narrating. “Okay! During Zyzy thingy, the entire landscape glows in pretty bright yellow, not white, ya’ll. Wow! And, there are big and little black balls falling from the skies.”
Beck nods. “These would be my god-kin warriors dropping down from the Wall of Time.”
Garth sneers. “Attacking us.”
I say. “The black balls are bouncing up and down in the air like a patch of freaking rubber balls,” viewing Beck. He walks around the tepee, zapping it with a ray of blue light. “Does one of your kinds possess wings like heavenly angels?”
“Naw.” Garth shakes his skull.
“No.” Beck says, zapping more blue beams around the hut surface.
I view the war, narrating with the telescope binoculars. “Whoa! They carry purses. It’s look really funny. Dang! That wasn’t funny. That girl just disappeared. She disappeared into the purse. Come and see this. Ya’ll are missing the war, here.”
Garth says. “The center pole is 13-foot in height and 20-foot in height on the outside. There are 26-nail stakes and sheets of tree bark. Inside the floor diameter is 15-feet.”
Beck frowns. “Tree bark does not glow, dude.”
Garth exhales. “It is not the bark displaying the light. The glowing auras are trapped souls of aliens.”
Beck scans the grounds then the skies. “Souls? Soul-catcher. She’s loose from her embedded grave site. This is not good, my friend.”
I stare at Garth. “How do we get him out?”
Beck exhales, viewing the tepee, “By killing the alien souls.”
I part my lips. “No. you cannot.”
Beck nods, viewing him. “Garth, what is your response?”
Garth echoes inside the tepee. “Do it!”
I motion at him, back stepping from the glowing tepee of gold. “Stay back, Garth!”
Beck gathers then wraps fresh and dried tree leaves around a dry long tree branch. He wiggles his fingers when it flames in red and blue colors. He tosses the fire ball at the overlapping leather goods containing live souls of aliens. The leather good cover the tepee. Beck shouts, “Stand in the middle Garth.”
I back step from the flaming tree branch. “He’s going to die.”
Beck nods, “He’s going to live,” tossing the tree branch on the tepee. Beck cuddles me. 
We watch the leather burn, melt and coat the golden tepee.
I feel a tiny earthquake. The earthquake wobbles me inside Beck’s arms. I view the ground split in soil, littered with branches and leaves, feeling that the quakes are less violent. The wind is decreasing speed. The trees aren’t swaying.
I whisper, “It’s over,” hearing. The violent explosion deafens my eardrums when the air currents knock me from Beck’s embrace.
I open my eyelashes.
Garth stands at the end of my boot toes. I lay flat on my back muscles inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals strewed along on the grass. I clearly see an upright position of Garth’s six feet and one inches with a sweaty wet T-shirt that clings to his board shoulders, muscular chest, and eight-pack of abs like he want swimming in the creek water forgetting to change out his farm clothes. He wears a pair of slightly dirty rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots. His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both my eye balls with a piercing yellowish-white light.
Garth says in sexy baritone trombone. “Howdy, Risa! Ya wanna be mine my cowgirl, forever?” then, he squats, assisting me to stand while he kneels on one leg holding my left hand. Beck rushes to my other side. Beck kneels on one leg, holding my right hand.
Garth smiles, squeezing the blood out of my hand, “I…am the seventh son of the seventh son, too. But, most importantly, I am the One, who has unknowingly been longing, waiting, and desiring to come to me, to hold me, to heal me, to love me as no woman has ever loved, before or since,” exhaling. “You are the One, Risa.”
Beck squeezes my left hand. “In France, the seventh son is called a Marcou and branded. I don’t much about that about the ledge, but I do know the English translation,” presenting a red-colored prim rose to me. I exhale, accepting the rose. “You’re my rose, Risa.”
“Woo! That’s good, dude!” Garth smiles, nodding. “Pick me my beauty, Risa.”
“Your choice, cowgirl.” Beck holds my right hand with both palms, nodding.
I exhale, nodding. “Stop the war, please, Garth!”
Beck chuckles, squeezing my hand, smiling. “I’m really hopes she picks you, Garth, to stop the war.”
I view him, frowning. “Stop the war, Beck!”
Garth smiles. “I am the serpent on the land, the flying bird of the sky. The root of the oak tree, the voice of lips. The sharp sword of justice, the learned one of knowledge, the servant of my mistress. The arm of the body.”
Beck views the bright yellow sky. “Syzygy is almost nine-ninety completed. You must choice one of us, Risa.”
Garth smiles. “I’m called the moonchild, because of the upcoming five-star alignment. I’m required to select and marry my mate during the sixty-minutes of planetary alignment.”
Beck nods. “This is the time only intersection in the five-stars for an alien-kin or a god-kin to select a mate, including one of the human-kind.”
Risa frowns, “Can’t we go on picnic or ride on farm tractor or swim on the mountain pool?”
Garth frowns at Beck. “What mountain pool?”
Beck views me, nodding. “This alignment occurs next time within 670 years. There are only seventeen minutes left, because syzygy ends. Pick one of us?”
“Naw. Pick…,” Garth stands, viewing the meadow,” whispering. “Cinta!?” Garth bends then leaps into the air.
Beck cuddles me then we bounces and fly into the bright sunlight. I see.
Garth waves his arms and kicking legs for distance then land on top of the god. The god-kind falls then smashes under Garth’s boots. He back steps viewing blood and guts.
Cinta says. “Thanks, Garth! They’re everywhere. Where do go, now? What do we do?”
Garth exhales. “Daddy…
…is dead. Mama, too. All our siblings are dead. They collected them inside the purses then destroyed the leather handbags. Where did al the gods and goddesses come from?”
From the towns all over the world for syzygy…”
“ Where have you been? How is that possible?”
“Soul-catcher?” Beck slowly flies down from the sky, hugging me.
Cinta sneers, stomping towards me. “Riza!? You’re with my enemy. Shoo away, before I…”
Garth poses between Beck and her. “Don’t harm him, Cinta. Beck saved my life. That wicked goddess-kin trapped me, inside the tepee by covering it wit the souls of aliens.
Cinta drops her mouth. “Souls of the aliens. That means…”
“She’s very dangerous and deadly to all aliens,” Beck nods.
“The tepee was covered with the souls of aliens, I couldn’t escape, without killing…all of them.”
“Nice a happy family alien reunion,” hugging on me. Beck smiles. “Who are going to pick as your new husband, Risa?”
I frown, “Wait! I thought this was the end of the world, here, now.”
Garth chuckles. “The end of world was supposed to occur on December 21, 2012. Then, it didn’t. Some teen-ass Sumerians enjoy drawing their graffiti on their bedroom cave wall,” chuckling Garth along with Beck and Cinta.
I frown, stomping my boot. “So, there is no demolition of the planet. Nothing bad is happening to us…”
Beck shakes his skull, hugging me, smiling. “Risa, our home, this planet, has been swirling in the heavens for four billion years and still going….”
“Go on! Pick an alien or the other, Risa?” Garth winks at Beck.
I hear the knock on the wood, seeing. My Mama protectively stands inside our living-room window, watching us. Then, she disappears from my view.
I drop my mouth, seeing. A tall elderly Woman stands knocking on our front door.
Beck parts his lips, staring at the front door, saying. “The Soul-catcher stands at your front door, Risa.”
I shout, waving both my arms, dashing towards my Mama. “Don’t come out into the bright light, Mama.”
Cinta turns towards the house, seeing. The front door of Risa’s house slightly cracks open allowing the blinding light into the dark room then opens wider. She bends her kneecaps then launches into the skyline. She flies then hangs in the air while targeting the Soul-catcher.
Garth races from behind then attacks my body. We both land on the soil, seeing.
Beck bends his kneecaps then lifts into the skyline. He flies in the air towards Cinta.
Cinta lands on top of the Soul-catcher when they both fall on the soil producing a dark circle of rich black. The Soul-catcher disappears underneath Cinta’s cowgirl boots.
Cinta lies still on the soil, looking dead. My Mama and Daddy appear in the archway of our house, seeing.
They see me. I see them. Then, they explode into tiny particles of pink tissue, white bones, and red blood within the brightness of light. My parents are dead.
Beck lands beside Cinta then falls over her body, covering her torso and skull.
I struggle from under Garth’s tallness then stand, sobbing. I race towards the bloody parts of my parents, flooding my face with hot tears and streaming mucus.
Beck whips his jacket off then wraps it around Cinta’s face and shoulders.
I stand between the front door and Beck while Garth hugs me. He says. “Sorry! I’m so sorry.”
Beck yells. “Garth.” Garth back pedals hugging me, while I stare at the red blood and pink tissues of my dead parents. Beck slowly stands cuddling Cinta. She hides under his jacket. He nods, saying. “The brightness will blind her, permanently.”
Garth frowns. “She’s an alien.”
Beck frowns. “She’s human. I can smell her new puppy-dog odor which is just like the sense of a human being.”
I nod. “We smell?”
Garth squeezes my shoulders. “Yeah! Like newborn puppies…”
Beck frowns. “Cinta is a human being, not an alien. The Soul-catcher was made of centuries of fragile evilness while holding millions of alien souls and some god-kin, too. Cinta released the kept alien souls freeing them from their imprisonment. But…”
Garth parts his lips, “But, what?”
Beck explains. “The violent energy exchange has expelled her natural alien powers. Cinta is a normal human teenage female like an earthling. She doesn’t possess any superpowers. I would guess, honestly, that she will never possess anymore super powers.”
Cinta exhales, sobbing under the jacket. Her hands wrap around the jacket. “My head hurts. My arms burn from the sun. Do something, Garth? You’re the seventh son.” Beck shakes his skull at Garth.
Garth exhales, viewing the soil, then me, then Cinta. “I’m the seventh son. My powers have doubled from Syzygy, Cinta. But, I’m not a god or a wizard or a magician. I can’t restore super powers upon a human being or an alien or a god-kin. I’m sorry, little sis.”
Cinta sobs. “Mama, Daddy, and other kin are all dead. I’m alone, here, Garth. How will I live? Where will I live?”
Garth exhales, viewing the soil, then me and then Cinta. “I’ll take care of ya, Cinta. You’ll live with me,” viewing me. “I’m sorry, Risa. Cinta has no home or alien powers.” He views the bright sunlight, without being blinded or blinking. “She can’t be alone or unprotected from the evil nasty god-kin. They are many more on the planet.”
Beck nods, hugging Cinta. “And, Cinta can’t be exposed to the other vicious uncaring aliens, either. There’re less, now, Garth,” grinning.
I exhale, sobbing with tears for my girl-best. “Cinta!?”
Cinta sobs while Beck hugs her. He smiles. “Garth!” He views me. Beck says. “Garth, I’ll take care of Cinta.”
Garth swings to Beck, growling. “I forbid it.”
Beck grins. “You’re not human. She is. She’s not alien. She’s not goddess-kin. She’s human. I want to care and marry Cinta for the rest of our days on Planet Earth.”
I drop my mouth. “You can do that.”
Beck winks at me. “This is the moment of Syzygy, Risa, for an alien or a god-kin to marry any creature that they choose. I choose Cinta,” viewing Garth, “…with your permission.” He views me. “You don’t have to pick either one of us, now, Risa. You should marry Garth, immediately, right now. We got seven-minutes until the ending of Syzygy, buddy.”
Cinta sniffs then says. “Don’t ask him. I accept. Marry me, now, Beck!”
Beck chuckles then kisses her mouth placement, sorta, under the jacket. He smiles at Garth then winks at me. “Bye ya’ll!” He cuddles Cinta then bends his kneecaps, bouncing up from the ground into the skyline. He flies away with Cinta inside his jacket towards his manor.
Garth exhales, viewing me. “Do you wanna be my cowgirl, honey?”
I jump into his open arms. “Yee-haw!”

One week, later. Lunch time. partly cloudy. 52°F. Paris. France. Four wheelchairs struggle around the other guest tables and chairs then land in four different corner slots of the lower square table. Beck motions for the waitress. “This is one of the best restaurants in Paris, at least, based on my dead Mother’s wise advice.”
I slap his forearm, frowning, “Beck, stop ditching your dead Mother.”
He chuckles, reading the food menu. “Why? She can’t hear me down there in Hades. Anyways, she orchestrated the…”
Cinta says, reading the lunch menu. “We know, sugar. Let’s just enjoy the sights and food. I wanna see Notre Dame and the Paris Art Gallery, too, before we select a restaurant for dinner.”
“Aw, naw! The Art Gallery in Paris is seven-miles long, without an ATV putt-putting us around the tile flooring, Cinta,” Garth whines, reading the food menu.
I narrow my eyelashes at the tiny fly flies in the midnight blue sky of thunder-storms then spread my arms. “Incoming!” I wiggle my fingers protecting my family members of Beck and Cinta and Garth. The four wheelchairs swiftly depart from our wooden table, when the first god-kin warrior hits the marble with his booted feet. Dead.
Beck stands from the wheelchair zapping his blue beam in the chest of the god-kin. Garth kicks the wheelchair from his legs dancing with a second god-kin warrior. He tosses punches of lighting bolts into his skull. Dead.
Cinta flips to the right then falls in the wheelchair. She jumps into the air, fighting with the first goddess-kin warrior using her new pink beam. Dead. She yells, giggling. “Pink is for girls, like me and Risa, ya’ll.”
I fight with the second goddess-kin warrior bleeding her nose then blackening an eye socket. The second goddess-kin warrior back pedals from my new alien-power arm thrusts, when Garth zaps a lighting bolt between her big breasts. Dead.
Garth dashes to me, hugging and kissing my face for both fun and love. He whispers. “Good job, honey-alien. I love you.”
I giggle. “Great come back, alien. I love ya, too.”
Beck races to Cinta providing a hug and kiss when they giggle. He views us, exhaling. “Time to blow off Par-ee.” I nod with Cinta then we exit out the damaged restaurant with four dead bodies over the space.
You can hear people screams, dishes crash, police sirens, and rain storm thunder.
Garth cuddles me when I walk beside Cinta, who hugs on Beck. We walk in a row heading towards the openness of the city street, without a care in the world. Beck chuckles, fingering the air. “I got left side of the cloud formation, today.”
Garth nods, thrusting an index finger. “I gots the right side,” when the air swishes into a set of grayish white swirling clouds. The low clouds appear over the busy city street. But, only an alien or god-kin can see the pretty picture.
Cintas asks. “Where are we going next to, ya’ll?”
I nod at the clouds, holding Garth’s hand. “I wanna see Big Ben in London, England…”
“…explode,” chuckles Garth along with Beck and Cinta.
Cinta grabs my hand, when I toss our arms into the air for our newest victory over the hunting warrior clan of both the god-kin and alien-kind as the restaurant explodes into blue and yellow fire charring the air with pink tissue, bone fragments, and red blood.

The survival continues…
