
All characters in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Pleasant Bay
By Melody Layne
Copyright © 2014 Melody Layne
Smashwords Edition 

Cover art stock photography: Coloured smoke isolated on black background © kanzefar, Stalking © mrkornflakes, Cemetery, graveyard with tombstones at night © fergregory. Licensed from Depositphots.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your
favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard
work of this author.

Many thanks to G. Sauvage and D. Mischlewski for helpful suggestions and editing.

Dedicated to Erin.  





Pleasant Bay
Chapter One

Abby May checked her phone: no messages.  She sighed and replaced the phone in her beach bag. Surely her friends couldn’t have forgotten her already?  Her best friend, Hannah, would be at work at the department store back in the city. Abby was sure Hannah would text her later.
Abby looked out at the wide curve of Pleasant Bay.  The sun was high, the water glinting and shining like the scales of a fish.  The city seemed miles away.  It was hard to believe this was her new home now.  Sitting on her towel, Abby reached out and took a handful of the fine powdery sand and let it trail slowly through her fingers.  She knew most kids would kill to have a life like hers:  huge mansion by the water, the latest model smartphone, fashionable clothes.  Her dad was planning to buy her a car this year.  But what was the point of it all without anyone to share it with?
“Abby!” 
Abby looked up.  The sun was in her eyes.  She couldn’t quite make out the person coming towards her, but guessed that it was Jess Andrews.  Jess’ parents ran the Bay Grocery store and she was one of the first people Abby had met in town.  Jess was friendly and chatted to everyone.  
Abby stood up and shook the sand from her towel.  

“How’s it going, Abby? What are you up to?” Jess was smiling.  Her gray-green eyes and light brown hair caught the light.  Abby had strawberry blond hair and dark blue eyes.  People often assumed her hair was dyed or that she wore colored contacts, but neither was true.  Abby knew she looked different to most other girls – different in a good way – but like having wealthy parents, being attractive sometimes bought its own problems. 
“Hey, Jess.  How’s things? Thought I’d catch some sun before I go shopping.  What about you, are you on your way to the store?”
Jess made a face.  “Yeah. How’d you guess?  I feel like I just about live there.  Oh wait, I do live there!”  Jess laughed.  
Abby liked the fact that Jess didn’t seem to mind living in the small house with her parents behind the grocery store.  Abby had money, sure - but it was no big deal.  She wasn’t a cash-brat and sometimes that had made making friends in the competitive world of the city a challenge. A small town seemed like a nice change.
“I’ll walk you,” Abby said. 
The two girls began walking along the sand towards the grocery store.  Abby noticed some unusual shells and types of seaweed she hadn’t seen anywhere before. 
“Are you shopping for something special?” Jess asked. 
Abby wasn’t quite sure what to say.  If she admitted she was going shopping just for fun, it might make her look like a bit of a spoilt rich kid or that she didn’t have anyone to hang out with. 
 “Oh, I kind of need some new stuff before school starts in a couple of weeks, you know.  I have some nice summer things but some of these dresses seem a little out of place for school.”
“You could definitely wear that dress to school; it’s great!” Jess enthused.  Abby’s dress was a soft green color and made from fine flowing material.  It was covered with a pattern of tiny apples and flowers.   
“Oh I don’t know . . .” Abby said, shyly. 
 “It’s a pain finding stuff for school,” Jess went on, laughing. The teachers seem to find something wrong with everything.  I’m convinced they want us all to look like nuns!”  
“It’s a co-ed, school, right?” Abby asked. 
“Yeah, it is.  You didn’t know? I guess you still don’t know that many people around here.” Jess frowned for a moment. 
“Well, that doesn’t surprise me. There’s not that much to do around here. Unless you’re crazy about fishing, or water sports!” Jess smiled.  “I’ll be at the mall later, after I finish at the store, to meet up with a bunch of friends. Why don’t you come hang out with us at Sundaes after you’ve finished shopping?”
 “Okay sure! That’d be neat. Sundaes is the ice-cream parlor in the mall, right?”  
Jess nodded. She was doing her best to make Abby feel welcome.   
Abby was glad to be invited to meet Jess’ friends.  The two girls clambered up the dunes and walked along the top of the main beach. They said goodbye when they reached the esplanade and went in different directions.  
Abby walked home, thinking about this new town she and her father had moved to.  The relaxed lifestyle of Pleasant Bay would be a welcome change from the hectic life in the city. The locals seemed friendly and there was plenty of time to spend at the beach.  Abby knew her mother would have liked it.  Abby’s mother had always wanted her father to slow down and not work so hard.  Sometimes they had gone to places like Pleasant Bay on vacation, staying at expensive resorts.  But Abby could count the number of family vacations on one hand.  Her dad had always worked hard.  Now that her mother had passed away, he worked harder than ever.  As the managing director of Mayfield Industries, Gordon May put in long hours for the business. 
Abby reached the gate of the solid steel and concrete house that she shared with her dad.  It was dark blue and from the outside the windows looked dark and opaque. Abby flipped open the letterbox. Only a couple of bills for her father and a flyer for a takeout place. She was surprised at her own disappointment.  After all, who would be writing to her?  All of her city friends had smartphones and the internet. No one wrote ‘snail mail’ anymore.  
Abby let herself inside.  She would fix herself something to eat and sit out on the patio. Maybe I’ll look for a part-time job, she thought.  It would be a good way to get to know people in the town as well as earning a bit of pocket money. 
Millie, her puppy, came rushing up to greet her.  She was a yellow Labrador with huge chocolate brown eyes and heaps of energy.  She tore around and around Abby’s ankles, barking non-stop until Abby picked her up.  Millie wriggled, trying to lick Abby’s face.  Gordon May had bought Millie as a present for Abby a few months ago on the day it would have been her mother’s birthday. It had been a year since Abby’s mother, Rachel May, had passed away in a car accident.  Abby was still struggling to hold on to Millie as she checked the messages on the home phone.  
The first one was from her dad. 
“Hi kiddo . . . Have to work back again tonight . . . Sorry I know, I’m changing things again . . . I’ll have Carla go to the store . . . see you later on, love you.”  
Abby sighed and looked at the flyer stuck to the fridge for Sam’s Pizzas by the Bay.  It was the third time this month her dad had said they would go and try it out.  
She put Millie down, and listened to the sound of her claws clicking as she skittered over the kitchen tiles.  It was a bit embarrassing that her dad still called Abby ‘kiddo.’  She would be eighteen in a few months.  But Abby knew he was just joking around. Compared to some of her friends’ parents, her dad treated her like an adult.  He sounded tired on the recording. Abby forgot her disappointment and felt sorry for him.  
The next message started. 
She could hear that there was a recording, but there was no voice. No sound. Or was there?  Abby held the phone closer to her ear.  Millie barked.  Was that noise on the line?  Millie was watching something through the window and was barking at the glass. 
“Mille, be quiet!” Abby said in a loud whisper. 
Abby strained to hear.  It sounded like a soft rustling, or static, she couldn’t be sure. After I hang up I’ll check the number display, she thought.  Had someone just muttered the word,  ‘You’?  More silence followed and then the soft ‘click’ of a phone hanging up. 
Who had called her?
Chapter Two

Abby played the message again.  
Suddenly there was a noise at the front door.  Abby jumped, put the phone down and ran into the hall.  Their housekeeper, Carla, was struggling in the doorway with heavy grocery bags.  Abby took some. 
“Thank you, Abby.”  
Carla had a soft accent. 
Abby wasn’t quite sure what type of accent it was.  Not that it mattered.  But Carla had only just started at their house and Abby was curious about her.  She had come ‘highly recommended’ by a business friend her father occasionally played golf with.  And it was true, the house was spotlessly clean, but how well did her dad’s friend really know her?
Abby helped Carla unpack the groceries and put them away, leaving out the items she needed for her snack. 
As Abby made a sandwich she wondered who Jess would introduce her to, and whether she had a nice brother or knew any cute guys.  Abby took the sandwich and a bottle of juice out onto the patio.  The sun felt warm on her face.  In some ways she couldn’t wait for the school year to begin, but she knew that as soon as it did she would be wishing for the holidays again.  Abby finished her lunch and sat daydreaming in the sun for awhile.  Inevitably her thoughts drifted to Xavier.  They had broken up a week before Abby had moved to Pleasant Bay and since then he’d been acting like a jerk. Well like even more of a jerk, she thought.  He’d sent her another bunch of stupid, angry text messages a few days ago, but Abby still missed him. She knew it didn’t make sense.  She fought the urge to call or text him.  Trying to stay friends and keep in touch would only make things harder.  
Maybe I’ll meet someone new here, Abby thought, as she went inside to collect her bag. She said goodbye to Carla and started off for the mall.  
The Pleasant Bay shopping area was tiny compared to the malls back home in the city. Well, the city wasn’t back home anymore, she reminded herself.  This was her new home.  Abby checked her phone. Still no text from Hannah.  She sat down on a bench seat and wrote, Hey what’s up? Can’t wait 2 tell u about PB l8tr. 
Abby didn’t exactly know what she would tell Hannah when they spoke later. There wasn’t much happening in Pleasant Bay to speak of. The shopping area consisted of a supermarket, a drug store, a budget clothing shop, a convenience store, a realtor, Sundaes ice-cream parlor, and a tiny internet café next to a small fashion shop.  The handful of shops was a good thing, though, Abby reminded herself.  If her father’s company was successful, there would soon be ten times as many stores, a marina, restaurants and a movie theater.  There would be heaps of places to hang out. 
Abby went into the fashion store while she killed time. She had been there once and hadn’t seen anything that she had liked, but she had nothing better to do until it was time to meet Jess. 
“Can I help you?” 
Abby turned to see a girl about her age, holding a pricing gun. She was short with dark curly hair. Abby smiled at the girl. 
“No, thanks.  I’m just browsing.” 
“Sure.” The girl made to walk off, then added, “Hey, I like your dress. You can’t have bought that around here.  Did you buy it on-line?” 
Abby smiled.  
“No. Actually, I bought this one in the city.” 
The girl smiled.  “Oh right. I just wondered.  A lot of people are buying on-line these days.  It puts most little stores like ours out of business. Luckily still plenty of tourists around.  Are you visiting?” 
The assistant didn’t seem like she had much to do.  Abby was the only other person in the store.  Abby picked up a floppy yellow sunhat.  It was almost an exact match for one of the colors in her dress. 
“No. I just moved here with my dad.”
“Oh really? What does he do?” 
Abby turned her attention to the hat.  The question was a little more personal than she would have liked.  She wasn’t used to engaging in conversation with sales assistants. The girl seemed friendly rather than nosey, though, and Abby didn’t want to appear rude.  
Sensing her hesitation the girl said, “Sorry, none of my business, really. It’s just that not many people move here.  We get a lot of visitors but not many people come to stay.  Most people move away, if anything.” 
 “No, that’s okay,” Abby said. She twirled the sunhat in her hands. “My dad builds commercial buildings. Well, he doesn’t build them himself.  I mean, he decides where they should be put.  He works out the best places for new shopping centers, malls, that kind of stuff.”
 “That’s cool,” the girl said, nodding to herself. “I’m Chelsea, by the way.  Chelsea Martin.”
 “I’m Abby.  Abigail May.  Do you go to Pleasant Bay High?” 
“Yeah, it’s the only school around here.  The next one’s about an hour away, over in Fairmont.  Once in a while we get together with the kids from Fairmont High for meets, those sorts of things.  There’s a bit of rivalry.”
Abby raised her eyebrows.  
“Oh, don’t worry, it’s all friendly.” Chelsea laughed. “There’s no stealing of mascots or anything like that.  We’re not even really big enough to have a mascot . . . Although we do have one.  Some kind of furry . . . thing.” Chelsea laughed.  “It’s a seal or something.  And we have a cheerleading team.  Are you going to try out?”
Abby smiled but said nothing.  Cheerleading wasn’t really her thing.  She preferred to spend time drawing or reading or sitting on the beach and staring up at the clouds.  But she knew if she wanted to meet people she might have to try new things. 
“Are you on the team?” she asked Chelsea.
Chelsea laughed again.  “Me? You’re kidding, right?  I’m too short and ah . . .shall we say . . . cuddly.”
Abby smiled and shook her head to indicate that she didn’t agree with Chelsea’s assessment.  She thought the other girl was pretty and seemed fun. 
Abby lifted the hat to her head and looked in the mirror
 “Hey, that hat suits you.”  
Abby grinned and removed the hat.  It did look good.  She decided to buy it.  Chelsea rang up her purchase. 
“So what do you guys do around here?” Abby asked. “For fun, I mean?”
“Well, a lot of us are into water sports and stuff. Water skiing, surfing, swimming. That kind of thing.”
Abby removed the price tag from the hat and placed it on her head.  “Do you know Jess Andrews?” She asked.
“You mean Jess from the Bay Grocery? Of course! Everyone knows everyone around here,” Chelsea replied cheerily, handing Abby her change. Abby felt foolish. She was still in the habit of thinking she was surrounded by thousands of people.  How could Chelsea not know the girl that worked in the local store?  She wondered how well she was going to fit in to such a small town.
 “Neat.” Abby said. “Well I’d better be going.”
“It was nice meeting you, Abby May.” Chelsea said.  “Welcome to Pleasant Bay . . . hey, that rhymes!”
The girls laughed and Abby left the store.  She was sure she was worried about nothing. The people seem really friendly, she thought.  Like they actually care what kind of day you’re having when they ask.  The sun was still beating down.  Abby was glad for the hat.  She checked the time on her phone and saw a message from Hannah.
Gr8 can’t wait 2 chat. Dragon face giving me heaps today!! 
Abby smiled.  ‘Dragon face’ was Hannah’s boss at the department store she worked at.  Hannah complained a lot about people she didn’t like, but somehow it was always funny and made Abby laugh.  
Abby just finished reading Hannah’s message when she noticed Jess across the other side of the parking lot.  Jess noticed Abby at the same time and waved.  Jess was standing out the front of Sundaes with three other people. Abby smiled shyly and started over.  As she approached them a tall guy with dark hair was saying goodbye and walking away. 
“Hi Abby! This is Sarah and Chloe.” Jess said, as she made the introductions.
Sarah had dark flawless skin and a short stylish bob, while Chloe had dyed ash-blond hair that was so white it looked almost gray.  It made her pale blue eyes seem even lighter.  They looked like the eyes of a huskie, Abby thought.  Sarah and Chloe were both friendly and talkative and the four girls were soon chatting easily. 
The interior of Sundaes was done in a 50s style. It was crowded.  There were tourists at some of the tables and groups of teenagers at the others.  Sundaes was obviously the main hang out place. Abby looked around.  Most of these kids probably go to Pleasant Bay High, she thought.  The girls ordered burgers and milkshakes. Abby found herself telling them about life in the city, and they in turn told her about life in the Bay.  In some ways they were worlds apart, but as the afternoon went on, Abby realized they had lots in common: guys, school, parents. It’s not going to be so hard to fit in here after all, she thought.  
“So is everyone going to Mark’s party?” Sarah asked.  Abby looked up from her drink. 
She didn’t know what to say and felt her cheeks going red. “I don’t think I’m invited,” she said. “Who’s Mark?”  Why would I be invited?  she thought.  Hardly anyone knows me yet.
“Oh, don’t worry about that,” Jess laughed.  “Mark Crowley invites everyone.  He throws the best parties around here.”
“His parents do, you mean.” Chloe said, enigmatically. 
“Yeah, well, his family. They’re loaded.” Jess went on. “Eric Crowley is the head of some big company, and about the richest person from here to Alaska. The Crowleys throw these huge parties every year, as a kind of goodbye to summer, I guess.  Everyone’s invited.” 
“What?” Abby said. “You mean the whole town’s invited?”
“Yeah,” Sarah said.  “Everyone.” 
“But how do they know who belongs to the town, and who’s on vacation?” Abby wondered aloud.
“Oh, it doesn’t matter,” Chloe said.  “It’s whoever happens to be around on the night.” 
Later than afternoon, Jess and Abby walked back towards the Bay Grocery together. 
“So what’s Mark like?” Abby asked. “Was he the guy you guys were talking to in front of Sundaes when I arrived?  I feel like I should know something about him if I’m automatically invited to his party on the weekend.”  Abby kept her tone light.  She wasn’t quite sure about the ‘automatic’ invitation.
Jess smiled. “No. That guy was James Merritt, Mark’s best friend.  We were discussing the party.  I would have introduced you but he had to go.”
“And Mark?”
“Ha! Mark. Well he’s the kind of guy you just have to meet, really. He’s not easy to describe, but I’ll describe him anyway,” she said, laughing. “He’s really nice.  And well, obviously, to be throwing this party, he’s generous and popular.  But also, to be honest, he’s a little odd.” 
Abby stared at her. “What? Like . . .crazy or something?”
“Oh no, I shouldn’t say ‘odd.’  He’s not weird. He’s just . . . you know the type. Quiet.” 
Abby didn’t think ‘quiet’ sounded odd.  Or crazy. Quiet was, well, quiet. 
“The thing is, apart from being quiet, he’s kind of aloof, I guess.  But he’s really smart too.  When you’re alone with him, he can be really friendly, but in a crowd it can be like he hardly knows you. You just can’t be sure with him.” Jess pulled her jacket around herself a bit tighter. 
“He sounds interesting,” Abby said politely. She wondered how often Jess had been alone with him.  Was Mark an ex-boyfriend maybe? 
“Yeah, I guess you could say ‘interesting’,” Jess replied.  She had turned to look out over the water and was silent for awhile.  She sighed, then said, “It can get pretty annoying.” 
As Abby followed Jess’s gaze out to the water, she wasn’t sure if she was still talking about Mark Crowley or life in Pleasant Bay in general. 
Chapter Three

When Abby woke up the sun was already streaming in from behind her bedroom curtains.  . She had fallen asleep in front of the TV the night before, waiting for her dad to get home. At ten o’clock she had texted him and gone to bed.  Now it was morning and he had probably already left for the office.  Abby rolled over.  She wondered how long her dad would keep working like this.  She wondered if he was still trying not to think about the accident.  
Abby still thought about her mother a lot.  Little things reminded her: a song on the radio or seeing a copy of one of her mother’s favorite books.  Abby often still felt sad about her mother’s death but she didn’t cry so much anymore.  She didn’t know how she felt about that.  While she knew she would never forget her mother, part of her was afraid she might. 
She knew things were different for her dad.  Abby looked like her mother, especially now that she was growing up, and Abby worried that it made her dad feel sad to be around her.  She knew it was silly to think that way, but she couldn’t help it. 
Abby got out of bed and opened the curtains.  The day came pouring in.  Millie had been asleep at the end of the bed, but in a split second, she hit the carpet and was out the door, running down the stairs.  Abby sorted out some clothes to wear, thinking about the other girls she had met yesterday and her conversation with Jess.  She realized she had forgotten to call Hannah.  Abby reached for her phone. 
There was a text from Hannah from the previous night.  
She heard Millie barking, waiting to be fed.  Abby called Hannah as she went downstairs to the kitchen.  
“What happened to you last night?” 
It was comforting to hear Hannah’s voice.  It made Abby feel like she was only away on vacation and would be back in the city soon. 
“Well, hello to you too!  Sorry, I got stuck in front of the TV, waiting for dad to get home,” Abby said.
“What! That’s totally lame! You were watching TV?  You could have at least been out on a date!  I can’t believe you’d put watching TV over calling your bestest friend in the whole world.  Have you met any guys yet?”  
Hannah had a one-track mind. 
Abby pretended to consider.  “Oh, I don’t know…There are a few guys that I’ve seen down the beach but I don’t know that many people yet.” 
“Abby, Abby, Abby.”  Hannah put on her pretend bossy voice.  Abby could picture her shaking her head sadly.  Hannah had been the lead in their school play two years running.  
“Now, come on. You with your looks, your style, your connections . . . you need to be out there circulating!” 
‘Circulating’ was one of Hannah’s favorite words.  Abby was sure she had picked it up from Mrs. Stevens, Hannah’s mother.  Mrs. Stevens was what Abby thought of as a tennis-playing home-maker.  More tennis than home-making.  She was nice, though, and always made Abby feel welcome. 
“It’s not really like that here. It’s a small seaside vacation town, and –”
“And nothing!” Hannah interrupted.  
While Abby poured kibble into Millie’s bowl, Hannah lectured Abby about getting out and meeting new people.  The two girls had been friends forever.  Abby remembered how kind Hannah had been, keeping her company while her mother, Rachel May, had lay in hospital in the days after the accident.  Hannah had also been there at the funeral and in the weeks and months afterwards.
“Listen, I’m not a total shut-in, you know,” Abby said, finally getting a word in. “If you’d slow down for two seconds I could finish telling you about the party I’ve been invited to.”
“Oh my god! Whose party?” Hannah said, her voice immediately rising in pitch and speed.
 “A guy called Mark. This Saturday.”
They spent the rest of the conversation discussing what Abby should wear.  Abby didn’t mention that she hadn’t even met Mark Crowley. . .yet. 
Chapter Four

Abby spent the rest of the week looking forward to the party.  Although she saw Jess and her friends at the beach and at Sundaes most afternoons, they didn’t run into Mark or his friend, James.  Abby still hadn’t had a chance to meet them.  She wondered how well the girls really knew these guys.  Even if they didn’t it would be okay, she figured.  Jess had explained that the party would be at the main beach, and there would be a big crowd.  Jess and Sarah were coming over to Abby’s house to pick her up, and they would all go together.  
 On the night of the party Abby stood in front of her closet.  She still couldn’t decide what to wear.  Her favorite clothes seemed suddenly way too formal for a beach party.  That was one kind of party she’d certainly never been to in the city.  The girls would be arriving soon so she had to get moving. They were meeting up with Chloe and some other friends later.  Abby felt a small knot of panic start to form in her stomach.  She was still staring into the closet when the home phone rang.
Abby picked up the handset on her bedside table.  
“Hello?”
Silence.  
“Hello, who’s there?” 
She could hear breathing on the line.
 Abby hung up. It was probably another prank call.  She had already heard that Danny Armstrong, the captain of the football team, was also the class clown and a bit of a trickster.  He and his friends were sure to be going to Mark’s party and they were probably keyed up with excitement.  Maybe they had decided to prank her for a laugh.  Some people had a strange sense of humor and a strange way of welcoming new people into a community.  Abby had heard everyone around town talking about the party as the weekend approached.  It sounded like it was going to be even bigger than in years past.   
Right now, though, Abby had to figure out what to wear.  She’d been to pool parties before. It could be that different.
The phone rang again.  Abby held the door of the closet open and stared at the handset.  Finally she answered it.
“Go jump!  You’re not funny!” She yelled.
“Whoa!” Jess gave a bemused laugh. “Is this the way you greet all your friends, or only those offering to take you to a party?” 
“Oh no!  Sorry, Jess.  I just had some random on the phone. A prank caller or something.  I thought they were calling back. Sorry!”
“Hey, no stress!” Jess said. “Gee, for a minute there I thought I had the wrong number. That, or aliens had taken over your body.”
Abby laughed.  Jess said she and Sarah were running a little late.  Abby was secretly relieved to have some extra time to get ready.  She went back to the closet while Millie snuffled around the bed.
By the time Jess and Sarah arrived fifteen minutes later, Abby had forgotten about the prank call.  She had settled on a soft sweater dress and a pair of low-wedge shoes that gave her some extra height but would still be practical for walking on sand.  She completed the outfit with a pair of tiny gold earrings that her parents had given her for her sixteenth birthday.  Those days seemed like a lifetime ago. 
Abby heard the sound of the doorbell and Millie rushed down stairs like a whirlwind.  She was still barking furiously as Abby made her way to the door.
“Sorry we’re late!” Sarah said with an exaggerated sigh, sagging against the door frame. “My little sister was being a total pain in the butt! And I mean a total pain!”
Sarah was wearing a short, slinky gold dress that glittered in the light. 
“She’s always stealing my clothes! If she likes something, she just takes it, she doesn’t care who it belongs to!”
“Lucky I don’t have that problem,” Abby chuckled. “I’m the only star of the show around here.  If you asked my dad, though, he’d definitely say that he feels like he has more than one child at times.” 
The girls laughed.  Jess had on long sleeve top patterned with flowers and matching shorts.
“Oh my! Aren’t you just a gorgeous little thing!” Jess exclaimed, ruffling Millie’s fur. Millie looked up adoringly. 
They said goodbye to Millie, and closing the door, made their way towards the beach. 
“That blue dress really brings out the color of your eyes, Abby,” Sarah said. 
Abby felt pleased.  She was keen to make a good first impression.  She’d heard that just about the whole student body of Pleasant Bay High was going to be at Mark’s party, and, of course, the mysterious Mark Crowley himself.
Chapter Five

Abby, Jess and Sarah heard the low pulse of music as they walked across the sand.  In the distance Abby could see lights through the trees and hear the heavy repetitive thumping noise from unseen speakers.  They followed the tidal river at the far end of the main beach until they reached the lagoon.  It was crowded with people.  A huge fire roared on the sand. People stood around its edge and in the shadows.  A wide flat grassy area at the top of the beach was lined with trestle tables piled high with party food.  Abby was astonished to see catering staff at the tables serving people, setting up chairs, adjusting lights on giant tripods and loading beverages into huge ice buckets.  All this was free?
“Pretty neat set up, huh?” Sarah said, her eyes teasing.  Abby could only stare in amazement.  This party was bigger than even some of the ones she’d been to in the city.  They met Chloe by one of the drinks tables.  
“Is this great or what?” Chloe yelled above the music. 
“C’mon!” Jess yelled. “Let’s dance!”
Chloe and Jess joined a group of teens dancing not far from the fire.  Sarah pulled Abby with her to join the others.  Before she knew it, Abby was dancing.  The loud bass of the music thumped and it was almost as if the fire was flickering and weaving in time to the music.  The fire sent small bursts of sparks twirling into the darkness.  Everyone was moving, their bodies glowing in the firelight.  Some people were dancing together and others were just grooving alone.  Everywhere Abby turned she saw people laughing, talking, and shouting with delight. 
After awhile, the girls stopped to take a break.  Abby walked with Jess to the soda fountain.  Her hair was messy. They were both sweating from dancing and the warmth of the fire.  They grinned as each of them filled a cup with soda.  Abby could see Sarah was still dancing, her gold dress shimming in the light. A little off to the side, Abby saw Chelsea Martin from the fashion shop. Then Abby noticed another girl, standing at the edge of the fire, where the light met the shadows.  Her skin glowed in the light. She was tall and her hair fell down over her shoulders in long, soft waves. Frangipani flowers were threaded through it.  She wore a short, sleeveless dress that seemed to almost float around her. 
“Who’s that?” Abby shouted to Jess above the music.
“That’s Kyra,” Jess answered. “Come over, I’ll introduce you to her and the other girls from school.”
But as Abby and Jess started to move away from the soda fountain, a figure walked towards them, out of the shadows.

Chapter Six

It was Chloe.  She raised a hand and waved. There was a guy walking with her. 
“Abby, this is Mark,” Chloe said, as they approached.  “Mark, this is the new girl I was telling you about,” Chloe gestured towards Abby. 
“Mark Crowley.”  He held out his hand. “Very pleased to meet you.” 
Mark was dressed in designer jeans and a dark, close-fitting sweater. He had short auburn hair and Abby detected the subtle scent of cologne. 
Abby wasn’t sure if he was joking.  Something as formal as a hand shake seemed out of place at such a fun party, but she decided to play along and shook his hand.  
“I’m –”
“Abby Mayfield. Yes, I know.” Mark smiled.  He had a great smile, Abby noticed, but she was annoyed that he hadn’t waited for her to finish her name.  And on top of that, he’d got it wrong. 
 “Abby May. Not Mayfield,” she said, trying to raise her voice above the music.  He must have confused her name with that of her father’s company.  Was he acting familiar with her? Had he been joking when they shook hands?  Abby wondered if people were already gossiping about her, the new girl in the Bay.  
“Sorry, Abby.  My mistake,” Mark said, laughing easily.  Like most people in Pleasant Bay, he seemed friendly and welcoming. 
 “Would you like to meet some of my friends?  I’ll show you around,” he said, already walking away without waiting for her answer. 
Jess raised her eyebrows at Abby and smiled, and then disappeared back to the others.
Mark led Abby around the teens standing in groups around the fire, the soda fountains and along the edge of the water.  It was a mild night and several people were wading in the shallows.  The water of the lagoon was completely still and shone like a mirror in the light from the moon and the bonfire. 
Abby and Mark walked up and down the small sand dunes of the lagoon, stopping and chatting to people. Abby soon found herself talking freely and making conversation. Over by the fire, Jess, Sarah and Chloe looked like they were enjoying themselves, too.  As the night wore on the music grew louder, filling the lagoon with sound.  Most people were still dancing. Someone threw more wood onto the fire and a fresh burst of sparks shot into the sky. Coming to this party was a great idea, Abby thought. She wouldn’t feel like such a stranger once school started in another week.  
Abby and Mark rejoined Jess and her other friends.  Abby took some fruit punch from the drinks table and handed a cup to Mark.  A girl approached them. 
“Abby, this is my twin sister, Megan,” Mark said.  
Megan had the same auburn hair as her brother. She smiled at Abby and said ‘Hi’, then turned to Mark.
 “I’ve been looking for you.  Why don’t we take the boat out now?” 
At the end of the pier a huge boat sat in a pale pool of light.  Lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water. 
“Neat idea! The weather’s perfect for it,” Mark agreed. 
Word spread through the groups of teenagers.  Some couples stayed behind by the fire, holding hands or disappearing together into the shadows.  Others walked along the beach or headed for the diner in town, but many people wanted to go on the leisure-cruiser. 
Abby and Mark strolled down to the pier with the other party-goers.  The night was clear and warm and the sky was scattered with stars.  Abby could smell the brine of the water as it gently lapped against the pylons.  The sound was soothing, but she had only met Mark a couple of hours ago, and she didn’t know anyone else very well.  She wondered if going out on the boat with them all at night was a good idea.   
Abby looked around for Sarah and Jess.  They were climbing on board the huge boat with Megan Crowley and some of her friends.  
Mark touched Abby lightly on the arm. “You coming for a ride?” he asked, smiling at her.  
Abby returned his smile.  If I’m going to meet new people and get to know them, I’ll have to get out of my comfort zone, she thought. 
In no time the boat’s outboard motors roared into life, churning the water into froth.  The boat pulled away from the pier and quickly picked up speed as they headed out into the centre of the Bay.  People were leaning against the railings, laughing and talking. 
She turned to Mark.  “This is great,” she said. “I have to hand it to you, Mark Crowley, you certainly know how to throw a party.”  
Mark grinned. The boat’s engines continued their steady hum. 
“Have you ever seen anything as beautiful as the sea at night?” he asked.
Abby looked out across the Bay.  The sky and the water were an inky black.  It was hard to tell where one stopped and the other started.  The lights from the town curled around the beach in a glowing arc and receded into the distant hills.  If the Mayfield development went ahead, there would be a huge marina and hotel, high-rise apartments and condos all along the beach front.  Abby scanned the horizon, looking out into the dark and enjoying the wind in her hair, but all she could really think about was Mark standing close beside her.  
“I’m really glad you came to the party tonight,” he said, turning to her. 
“Me too,” Abby replied.  
The breeze picked up and they returned to the cabin.  Inside people were sitting on the padded bench seats, sipping drinks and talking.  Some kids were trying to dance in the cramped space near the sound system.  A small crowd of hardy souls were toughing it out on the windy deck.
Megan Crowley was steering.  Mark decided to take his turn.  He took the wheel and motioned Abby to stand by his side.  They stood together as the boat plowed through the water.  Abby could feel the power of the motors beneath her feet.  She knew the other guests were staring at her, but she told herself that tonight she didn’t care what people thought.  It wasn’t her fault if she just happened to be standing next to the most good-looking guy in town! 
Spray hit the windows as the boat crested the waves.  Abby wondered if Mark was dating anyone.  His voice broke through her thoughts.  
“Abby, have a go!”
Abby stared at him.
“Have a go, Abby!” 
He was gesturing to Abby to take the wheel.  She wasn’t sure what to do, she’d never steered a boat before.  As if reading her mind, Mark said, “Don’t worry! I’ll help you.  Just hold it straight . . . see, like this.”  
Abby watched Mark hold the wheel steady.  It didn’t look difficult.  Mark smiled encouragingly.  She held on as the boat powered through the water and picked up speed. 
Suddenly there was a loud bang.  The wheel was wrenched from Abby’s hands as she was thrown to the floor.  She felt the boat going sideways.  The lights went out and they were plunged into darkness. 
“We’ve hit the reef!” A voice cried.
Chapter Seven

Abby tried to stand. She could hear panicked voices and confused shouts in the dark. 
“Mark?” She didn’t know if he was close by, or if he could hear her. “Mark? Are you there?”
Someone reached out and clasped her hand.  They were helping Abby to her feet.  The lights came back on.
“Are you all right?” A voice asked.
Abby looked up into a pair of dark, concerned eyes. The guy standing before her was tall, like Mark, but he had dark collar-length hair, a strong chin and full, round lips. 
Abby was startled. All she could do was nod. 
Megan came running in from the deck and took control of the wheel.  
The stranger didn’t say anything more; he was waiting for Abby to speak.
“Uh, yeah. I’m okay,” she said slowly. 
Just then Mark was by her side. 
“Abby, is anything wrong, are you okay?”
“Yeah I think so. I just bumped my arm.” Abby said, rubbing her elbow.
“I’m so glad you’re all right. James, you stay here with Abby and I’ll go and check on everyone else,” Mark said to the guy.
James led Abby over to a seat. They sat down.
“I’m James, Mark’s friend,” he said.
Abby nodded.  James didn’t say any more.  He looked around the room, watching as people regained their balance. No one seemed to be seriously injured. Everyone was looking around and they all started talking at once. A few people glanced over at them. 
Mark had checked and double-checked that everyone was okay and accounted for, and then called for attention.  He announced that they hadn’t hit the reef. They’d only hit a sandbar, but that to be on the safe side they were going to turn around and head back to shore. 
After Mark had finished speaking someone turned the music back on and the talking became animated. Megan turned the boat around and headed towards the lagoon.  
Abby stood up and opened the sliding door onto the deck. She walked back outside and held onto the railing. She took a deep breath and tried to clear her head.
James stood beside her. 
“Are you sure you’re all right?” he asked. 
“Yes, apart from the shock,” Abby said. “I certainly wasn’t expecting to crash a boat tonight.  I’m just glad no one seems to be hurt.”
“Yeah. The sandbar shifts around a bit.  We go out on the boat quite a lot and even I thought it was farther out than this. You weren’t to know,” James said. 
“How come I didn’t see you at the party?” Abby asked. 
 “I was late. In fact, I arrived just as you guys were untying the mooring ropes. I almost missed you.”
Abby nodded.  She wondered where Jess and Sarah were.  She looked around for them.
Mark came out on to the deck.  “You took a bit of a fall back there, Abby,” he said. “I’m sorry about that, it’s not exactly what we had planned for tonight.”  He smiled ruefully. 
“Well apart from a bruise or two, I’m fine.  Mark, I’m sorry too.  I hope it wasn’t anything I did and I hope there’s no damage to the boat.  Your parents won’t kill you, will they?”
Mark forced a chuckle. “No, it’s okay . . . we just hit the sandbar. I don’t think there’ll be any real damage. And even if there was, I don’t think my dad would notice.” Abby was surprised by the sudden, bitter tone in Mark’s voice.  His eyes were in shadow, and she couldn’t see the expression in them, but there was enough light that she could see that he was frowning.  There was an awkward silence.  Mark stood at the railing and looked out over the water.  Abby turned to James.  He raised his eyebrows and shrugged slightly.
 “Anyway, it was my fault; I wasn’t watching where we were going.  Everyone knows there’s a sandbar out here.  I was . . . ah . . . a bit distracted.”  Mark said, his voice sounding normal again. He looked at her and smiled. 
I think he likes me, Abby thought.  But what do I think about him?
Chapter Eight

Abby woke the next morning to Millie pawing at her shoulder.  She sighed and rolled over, and then remembered the previous night.  The party, the boat, crashing into the sandbar.  Standing on the deck with Mark Crowley and James Merritt.  She remembered now how good-looking James was, and how angry Mark had sounded when he mentioned his dad and possible damage to the boat.  Had he just been trying to spare her feelings?  Any damage that might have occurred would only be visible now in daylight.  Abby didn’t want to think about it.  She got out of bed and opened the curtains.  The light was dazzling out on the sea. 
Abby sat in front of her bureau and looked at her tired eyes and tangled hair. There wasn’t anything to suggest she’d been in a minor accident the night before. Inside though, she felt a little shaky when she thought about the crash. She remembered her mother. Abby sat at the mirror for a long time, staring into space.  She remembered the night of the accident when the police had come to the house.  Her father had answered the knock at the door and when he opened it two officers had been standing there with their caps in their hands.  Like a dream Abby only remembered fragments of what had happened next.  In her mind she could still see the officers standing in the kitchen.  Then she remembered them in the living room and talking on a radio, but she couldn’t remember having seen them come inside the house or when they had left. 
 Eventually Abby forced herself to snap out of her daydream.  She focused on her new friends, the party, and the people she’d met.  She wondered if Mark’s parents would go to the police if there was any damage to the boat.  
Suddenly Abby understood the full implications of what had happened.  She’d been the one steering the boat at the time of the accident!  She was still a minor, and legally she shouldn’t have been anywhere near the wheel.  
Mark! He might be in trouble too, she realized with alarm.  He’d been the one that had let her steer.  What had she been thinking, piloting a boat without a license, a boat belonging to people she didn’t even know?  Well, she did know Mark.  Sort of.  She couldn’t believe she’d only met him the day before.  It already felt as though they’d known each other for ages. 
What if Mark had gone home and found that the boat had been damaged after all?  Someone at the party had told Abby that one of Mark’s parents was a lawyer.  Maybe they both were.  What if they took her to court?
Downstairs Abby could hear her father putting his breakfast dishes in the sink.  She had the sudden urge to race downstairs and tell him what had happened.  Surely he would understand.  He would realize that it had been an accident.  
Abby started to rehearse an imaginary conversation with her dad in front of the mirror. 
“Um . . . Dad . . . about that party last night, you know, the big one on the beach? Well, it turned out that we all went for a boat ride.  I had a go at steering and . . . we – I – crashed into a sandbar.”  Abby’s heart sank.  There was no way she could tell him.  She didn’t even have the full picture herself.  If there was no damage to the boat, her dad might just end up worrying for nothing.  He was already busy and stressed out enough as it was.
Abby heard her dad collect his keys from the kitchen counter.  A moment later the front door closed firmly.  She went to the window and watched her father’s silver sedan disappear down the street. 
Abby walked back over to the bed and ruffled Millie’s fur.  The pup seemed to sense something was wrong.  She lay her head in Abby’s lap and looked up with her big brown eyes.  Abby returned to thinking about the crash and her mind started racing all over again.  If there had been any damage, wouldn’t Mark have found out her number and called, or his parents? But what if they were still assessing the damage and then decided to get the police involved?  The police might think she had been drinking or even taking drugs.  Then Abby had another thought:  Her father was in negotiations for the new resort.  A scandal like this could be a disaster.  Her dad’s business couldn’t risk any bad news.  
‘Okay, okay, don’t panic,’ Abby told herself.  I’ll go for a walk before dad gets back. I’ll go down to the beach and call Jess.  She might have Mark’s number.  I’ll call him and find out if there’s been any damage.  
Just then the phone rang. Abby froze. 
She turned and stared at the phone ringing on her bedside table. What if it was Mark? Abby wondered what to do.  The ringing stopped.  Either Carla had picked up or it had gone to the message machine. 
Abby got dressed and grabbed her sand shoes and beach bag. She went downstairs and poured some cereal and soy milk into a bowl and ate sitting at the counter.
“Who was that on the phone?” she asked Carla.
“It was a wrong number, dear,” Carla said.
“Did they say anything?” Abby tried to talk through a mouthful of cereal. 
“Yes.  They asked for Mrs. Baker. I said no one of such name lives here.”
 Abby quickly finished her breakfast and told Carla she was going to take a walk around the Bay.  As she stepped into the full glare of the sun she wondered if the call really had been a wrong number or if it had been another prank. 
Abby watched her shoes sink into the sand as she walked along the beach.  She found a park bench on the esplanade and sat down.  The sky was clear and the Bay was flat and calm. It was hard to believe the accident had been only the night before.  Abby sat for awhile and tried to collect her thoughts. Maybe everything wasn’t as bad as it seemed.  Maybe she was letting the memories of her mother’s accident get to her. 
“You look miles away,” a voice said.  
Abby looked up.  It was James Merritt. 
“Oh hi!” she said. 
He looked down at her and smiled. His brown eyes were warm.  He’s really good-looking, Abby thought.   
“You’re just passing by?” she asked.
“I’m not stalking you, if that’s what you mean,” he replied, his expression serious. Then he smiled again and his eyes were teasing. 
Abby forced a laugh.  It was a weird thing to say, even as a joke.  It had to be a joke, of course it did, but Abby couldn’t help but notice his clothes. James wasn’t dressed for the beach and didn’t look like he was just passing by. He was wearing jeans and a long-sleeved top.  Maybe he was just out taking a walk on the esplanade and recognized me from a distance, she thought. 
“Do you mind...?” he took a step towards the bench.
“Oh no, not at all.” Abby moved along and made room. 
James sat down.  He had a solid build and Abby was conscious of him there right next to her.  Their legs were almost touching.  He didn’t say anything, but the silence wasn’t uncomfortable.  They both looked out at the water. 
“I forgot to thank you last night for helping me up,” Abby said. “When the boat crashed.”
“No problem,” James replied. “I’m glad you were okay.  I hope you weren’t too freaked out by the crash.  Was that your first time on a boat?” 
“No, I’ve been out a couple of times before.  My uncle owns a houseboat and we – my family and I – we used to go for vacations on it sometimes,” Abby said. “That boat last night isn’t really in the same league though.  I know it doesn’t count.”
“Sure it does,” James said. 
He’s being polite, Abby thought.  He probably knows I’ve come from the city and have never been on a boat like that in my life.
“Anyway don’t worry about last night,” James said. “Don’t let it rattle you.”
Abby wondered if she seemed rattled. She felt okay, but she probably looked a bit scruffy and half asleep.  She blushed. 
James smiled again.  She couldn’t quite read his expression.  He seemed reserved and more mature than any of the other kids she’d met in the Bay so far. She wondered how old he was. 
“Apart from the crash, did you enjoy yourself?” he asked, and then laughed. “I just realized how odd that question sounded.” 
“Yeah I did.  The party was great.”
There was a pause.  They both seemed about to speak.  
“Would you like to take a walk?” James asked. He smiled and looked into Abby’s eyes. He held her gaze for a fraction of a second longer than he needed to. 
She jumped up off the bench quickly, feeling bashful.  “Sure.”
They walked along the sand, and Abby began to relax a little.  James hadn’t just stopped to be polite; he obviously wanted to spend time with her. 
“I saw you a week ago, outside Sundaes, talking to Jess and the others as I arrived to meet them, but I haven’t seen you around town since then,” Abby said. 
“I’ve been busy studying.  This is my first real day just hanging out and doing nothing, apart from the party last night.”
“Studying?  But we’ve just had the last week of the holidays. School doesn’t start back until tomorrow.” Abby said, surprised. 
“I know.  But this is my final year and I really want to get into college. I don’t think I’ll be able to go unless I can get a scholarship,” James said.
“Ah, right. I get it. Scholarships are competitive,” Abby said. “What are you going to study?” 
“I’ve done a lot of scuba diving in the Bay growing up, so I’m planning on marine biology,” James answered. “There’s a lot of rare and interesting sea-life here.” He stopped to pick up a tiny shell from the sand.  He held it up to the light. It was fragile and almost translucent. James dropped the shell gently and they kept walking. 
“What about you, Abby?  Are you planning on college?”
“Definitely, yeah.  I think my dad would like to see me go into business. I’m good with numbers.  But you know . . .” Abby paused. “I’d also really like to study art.  I started drawing a lot more after my mother . . .” Abby bit her lip.  She hadn’t meant to start discussing her mother.  She didn’t want to talk about the accident.  “I guess what I’m saying is, one option has a good chance of leading to a career and the other one not so much.” 
James nodded.  He looked thoughtful.  “Yes, that’s true,” he said.  “But I always think you should go with your heart.” 
Abby was surprised.  She was used to people being interested in the fact that she liked art, but they always ended up advising her against making it a career. 
“You’re not going to tell me it’s better to keep art as a hobby, and take the safe route of an office job?” she said.
“No, not at all.” James smiled.  “Life’s too short for ‘safe’. And you’re lucky; you already know what your passion is. Some people never find it.”
They were both quiet for a moment. Abby listened to the sound of the waves.  James seems so self-assured, she thought.
Suddenly her worries about the Crowley’s boat came tumbling out. 
“James, I was actually on my way to the Bay Grocery.” Abby stopped and turned towards him. “I want to find Jess Andrews and call Mark – to make sure everything’s okay.  What I mean is, I was going to call Jess and –”
“I’m sure everything’s fine,” James said, calmly. “But why don’t you ask him yourself? I’m going around to his place with some of the kids from the party.  Some of Megan’s friends are heading up there later, too.”
Abby’s mind went blank for a moment, processing what James had said.
“Really? You don’t think Mark would mind me just turning up?”
“No, I don’t think so. The party last night was an open invitation to the whole Bay after all.”
Abby felt her face go red.  Was he making fun of her?
“Yeah, that’s true.  But it’s a bit different to just turning up at someone’s house.”
“Nah, it’s cool. I think he’ll be happy to see you again. The more the merrier as they say.” Abby found herself saying yes. She walked home to change out of her casual clothes and let Carla know where she was going.  James left to pick up some of the other kids first.
Fifteen minutes later, James’ SUV pulled in alongside the curb. Abby was surprised to see that the front passenger seat was free.  A bunch of faces looked out through the back windows.  Chloe was there and some of the other kids Abby recognized from the party. 
“Hi guys,” she said as she got in.  There was a chorus of, “hellos” from the back.
“We all set?” James asked, smiling at her again.  He looks so different when he smiles, Abby thought.  Without that smile he seemed a little intimidating. 
Soon they were driving out of town and heading towards the hills that surrounded Pleasant Bay.  Abby wound down the window and felt the wind in her hair.  
Twenty minutes later they turned left into a private road and stopped in front of a pair of huge steel gates set into a high concrete wall.  James wound down the window.  He spoke into an intercom and the gates swung open.  They closed behind the car as they drove down a smooth, gravel driveway.  Through giant old trees the house suddenly came into view.  Abby gasped.  

Chapter Nine

“What? What is it?” James asked, slowing down.  He looked up at the house and then back at Abby.  
Abby regained her composure.  She could see from James’ expression that he didn’t share her surprise, but then again why would he?  He’d probably been to the house a hundred times before.   
The house was bigger than any mansion Abby had ever seen.  Most of the exterior was covered in dark twisting vines.  High above them blank windows stared down, reflecting shadows. Although the house looked well maintained, there was something eerie about it, as though it was abandoned.  
“I just didn’t expect their house to be so . . . grand,” Abby finished.  Or look so creepy, she thought.  
James gave her a funny look. “I guess it’s pretty different to the places you would have seen in the city.  It’s more of that old world European style.”
Abby nodded, hoping the others in the back hadn’t seen her slight freak out. They had glanced up briefly when the car had slowed, but they were in the middle of a conversation and kept talking. 
The gravel crunched under the tires as James continued along the driveway.  More of the house came into view.  There were dozens of windows, all of them gray with old, diamond-patterned glass.  
Abby let James think her shock at seeing the house had been to do with its size, which was partly true.  She felt bad for over-reacting, but it had seemed so dark and imposing at first sight.  Now that they were closer, the house didn’t look quite so scary.  The garden beds at the front were filled with beautiful flowers.  Abby was met with their rich perfume as she stepped out of the car.  
Mark came out of the house, smiling. His expression turned to one of surprise when he saw Abby step out of the car. He hurried over. 
“Abby! What a surprise! How did . . . .” He looked questioningly at James. 
“We met on the beach,” James said.  “Abby said she wanted to talk to you, so I offered her a ride with us,”
“I hope that’s okay . . . .” Abby said, apologetically.
“Right . . . okay.” Mark looked from James to Abby and then back again.  She could see that he was curious as to what was going on.  Then quickly recovering his manners, he said, “Why Sure! Of course it is.  Right this way, Ma’am.”  Mark stood at Abby’s side and gestured towards the front door.  
Abby laughed.  It was odd how someone like Mark could say ‘ma’am’ and it sounded funny and endearing, but coming from a different guy it could sound cheesy and fake.  Like Xavier, her ex. When they’d been dating he’d often made stupid immature jokes that had made Abby feel uncomfortable.  But with Mark, it was different. I guess I’m really starting to like him, she thought. 
The other friends were all still talking as they all moved into the house.  Abby lost count of the number of rooms they passed down the hallway.  Through half-closed doors she could see spaces crammed with old paintings and antique furniture.  They walked down the hall into a light, airy kitchen. Mark’s parents, Eric and Susan Crowley, were a sensible, middle aged couple.  They were softly-spoken and warm and made everyone feel welcome. Abby need not have worried so much.  Eric and Susan only mentioned the party briefly. To Abby’s relief they didn’t say anything specifically about the boat.  Surely if something was wrong they would say so. Then Abby worried that perhaps they were waiting for a chance to speak to her alone, or with Mark.  But the Crowleys gave no indication of wanting to speak to Abby and chatting between Mark’s parents and his friends soon came to a natural end.  The teenagers were still talking amongst themselves when Eric Crowley excused himself to work in the den and Susan left to run an errand for a neighbour. 
Mark and Megan served lunch of toasted panini sandwiches, freshly squeezed juice and caramel pie out on the patio.
After they had eaten and almost everyone had had a second helping of pie, Megan and some of her friends went into the living room to watch stuff on-line. The rest of the group went for a walk through the garden.  
Abby was amazed by the size of the Crowley’s property.  The lawns were as smooth and soft as carpet with many different flowers.  There were fancy statues here and there, and in the distance Abby could even see a tennis court.  The group of friends ambled along together.  Naturally the conversation was about the party the night before. Chloe and another girl, Belinda, stopped with James to look at something in the tree tops.  As Abby started over to join them Mark quietly drew her aside.
“James said something about you wanting to talk to me?” 
Abby blushed. “Oh it’s not a big deal. I was just worried about last night. I hope everyone’s okay? You’re parents weren’t mad, were they?”
“No! It’s fine. Megan and I told them what happened.  Dad and I checked the boat over this morning. There’s no damage.  Of course we got the usual lecture – be more careful in future, blah blah blah.” Mark grinned.  “Next time you’re with us I promise I won’t let us crash into a sandbar. Or anything else for that matter.” 
“Next time!” Abby exclaimed. “But I was the one driving the boat! I thought your parents would sue me!” 
Abby groaned inwardly.  She couldn’t believe what she’d just said.  Mark was the most popular guy in town and she’d just practically accused his parents of wanting to take legal action against her!
Mark burst out laughing. “Don’t worry!  No one’s going to sue you!  It was an accident, Abby!  It wasn’t your fault.  No one was seriously hurt.  And yes, my mother’s a lawyer but you’ve met her. She doesn’t bite!”
Abby laughed.  
Her phone rang. It was a private number. 
She stared at the screen, hesitating.  
“Do you need to get that?” Mark said. He walked away a few steps, thinking Abby might like some privacy. 
The phone kept ringing. She answered.
“Hello?”
Silence.
“Hello?” 
Was that a noise on the line? 
“Excuse me?” she said.
There was dry, whispery laughter.
“Dog!” a high voice said. 
The caller hung up.  Abby stared at the phone. 
Mark had walked away across the lawn.  James and the others had moved on as well. They were no longer in sight. Had that been another prank call? Abby wondered.  Did the person have the right number?
She caught up to Mark. 
“All good?” he asked, as she joined him. 
Abby wondered how she looked.  People often commented that she had an expressive face, but sometimes she felt it was a disadvantage if it meant that people could read her like an open book.
Abby forced herself to smile. “Yeah sure. Nothing important.” She wanted to tell Mark about the call but she didn’t really know him that well yet, and he might find her confiding in him a bit awkward and personal.
They found the rest of the group back on the patio.  A few of Megan’s friends were staying over.  Some of the group that had arrived in their own cars offered to drive the others home.  Abby found herself in the group that was getting a ride back to town with James. 
Eric Crowley was coming out of the den as the teenagers made their way down the hall. Abby stopped and politely thanked him for having her over for lunch. 
“That’s our pleasure, Abigail.  It was nice to meet you,” he replied.  Mark had inherited his father’s athletic build and dark eyes. 
“Enjoy your stay in Pleasant Bay,” Eric Crowley called as they reached the front door. 
Abby’s phone started ringing. She felt a stab of fear. 
Who keeps calling? she thought.


Chapter Ten

Abby saw it was her dad’s number. She answered.  He was home from work and checking to see if she needed a ride.  Abby explained that she was on her way home.  She hung up feeling relieved that she hadn’t involved him in her worries about the boat.  Everything had turned out for the best.  She walked down the steps of the front porch with Mark. 
“Do you want to meet up on-line later?” he asked. 
Abby smiled. “Sure thing. Thanks for today, Mark.  It was neat.”
Abby hadn’t noticed James standing next to her.  Hearing Mark and Abby’s conversation, he turned abruptly and marched off towards the car. 
Abby waved goodbye to Mark as she turned and followed James.  Again the front seat was free, and she climbed in beside him. 
The sun was setting into the sea as they headed back to town.  Abby felt happy with the way the day had turned out.  She looked over at James, about to speak to him, but he was staring straight ahead, his features set into a frown. Abby was taken aback by how different he looked.  She thought of his warm smile that afternoon on the beach. Now it was as if James didn’t even notice her and was alone in the car. His knuckles were white as he gripped the steering wheel. Maybe he’s just concentrating, Abby told herself. 
One of the girls in the back seat, Heather, leaned forward and asked Abby how she was liking the Bay. Abby was glad for the distraction and to have someone to talk to.  So glad that she was surprised when they were already back in town and had stopped at Belinda’s house. Abby wondered if they’d taken a short cut and she hadn’t noticed. Belinda and Chloe thanked James for the ride. They waved and called “Bye.”  James drove on to Heather’s place.
“It was nice meeting you, Abby,” Heather said as she and a boy called Toby got out of the car. 
That left Abby and James alone. 
James drove to Abby’s house in silence. Abby wished he’d at least put some music on. What’s happened? she thought.  She wondered if he was angry or if she had offended him somehow. 
They arrived at Abby’s house and James pulled into the curb.
Abby took a deep breath.  She decided she would just act normal. “Everything was okay with Mark,” she said. “With the boat and stuff, I mean.”
James nodded.  “Great.”  He didn’t say any more. 
“Well, thank you for the ride today,” Abby said, a little formally. 
“No problem.” 
James turned his head and looked at Abby intensely, as if he could see right into her.  She wondered again how old he was.  He was making her feel self-conscious.
She smiled nervously. 
“Thanks again,” she said, opening the door of the car. 
Suddenly his hand was on her arm. “Abby.”  
She turned back quickly, surprised. 
For one crazy moment, she thought he was going to kiss her.
“Just be careful, okay?” 
 “What?” she said, feeling shy that he was holding her arm.
“Not everyone in this town is what they seem,” he said.  James released Abby’s arm and put the car into gear.
Before she could think of what to say, she was standing beside the car and James was already driving away. 
 Be careful. What did that mean?
Still feeling confused, Abby let herself in.  The house was quiet.  Millie did a running jump off the sofa and rushed to meet her. 
Abby’s mind was in a whirl.  Had James just tried to warn her?  Or had he just made some kind of threat?
Abby turned lights on as she walked through the house. It was growing dark outside.
There was a note on the counter from her dad.  He’d been called into the office on an urgent matter.  Abby sighed.  Lately it felt as though her father lived at work.  She took some food from the fridge, made a quick pasta dinner and ate it watching TV. 
Abby couldn’t stop thinking about what James had said.  She wondered if it had anything to do with the strange phone calls.  Was it possible that he knew about them? But how? Unless he was the one making them, or knew who was.  James had been in the garden when she’d received the prank call at Mark’s place, so it didn’t seem that it could be him personally. 
Abby thought about it again. When she had received the call in the garden, James hadn’t been there.  The next time she’d seen him, he’d been back up at the house with the others. But if he was the one making the calls – or knew who was – it didn’t make sense that he’d draw attention to himself and warn her.  Unless that was part of the thrill?  
All Abby knew was that she had just spent the weekend with Mark and her friends hanging out and having fun.  She’d met lots of new people and she was about to go into her final year of school the next day.  Why would James freak her out like that?  If she was in any kind of real danger, wouldn’t a normal person just tell her?  Abby remembered what Jess had said about Mark when she first mentioned him, hinting that Mark could be quiet and moody.  Had she meant to describe James instead?  Jess had said that they were best friends.  Maybe they were both weird.
Abby went into the kitchen. She rinsed her bowl in the sink and stacked it in the dishwasher. School was starting tomorrow, and she had to try to forget about it.  Whatever was going on with James was his problem, and whoever was pranking her wanted her to feel scared.  She wouldn’t give them the satisfaction. 
Abby fed Millie and made sure the doors were locked before she went up to her room. She sat up in bed and texted her friends, too tired to call them.  She went on-line and found Mark’s profile on ‘Keyway’ and sent him a friend request.  Abby wasn’t sure how she felt about everything. She really liked hanging out with Mark, but at the same time something didn’t feel quite right.  Maybe he and James weren’t such great friends and James was a bit of a jerk? That’s not how James had seemed that afternoon when they’d walked along the beach, or when he’d helped her on the boat after the crash. It was almost as if the James Abby had seen on the way home in the car had been a different person. Then she worried that if Mark and James really were good friends, it might make getting to know Mark difficult if James was weird.
Abby yawned.  I have to quit worrying, she thought. She suddenly felt more tired than she had in ages and snuggled under the covers. 
She soon drifted off to sleep and started dreaming. In the dream she was looking for something. What was it? She was on a boat and then she was in an SUV.  It missed a bend in the road and the car crashed into a tree. 
Abby woke with a start.  Everything was black.  The dream had seemed so real.  Heavy rain was pounding the roof.  Abby got up and went to the window.  The sky was dark outside and the wind was roaring in off the Bay, the windows shaking with its force. Abby looked out into the darkness.  She had turned the porch light on for her father earlier in the evening but now the light was out.  The wind and the sea continued roaring ominously. 
Chapter Eleven

Abby woke to warm sunlight streaming through the room.  Someone was speaking to her. She struggled up from the depths of sleep feeling heavy and disoriented.  She was confused to see her dad standing by the window and opening the curtains.
“I knocked,” Gordon May said, “But you didn’t answer.  You must have been really tired.  You’ve had a big sleep-in.  Did you forget that school starts today?” 
Abby sat up, suddenly wide awake.  It was already eight o’clock!
“I was just about to leave when I saw your bag and notebooks on the sofa, and thought you must have missed your alarm.  I can take you if you like, but we’ll have to leave right away.  Or I can call Carla and have her drive you?” 
“No, Dad, it’s fine.” Abby shook her head.  She didn’t want to make her dad late or inconvenience Carla, who was only supposed to work as their housekeeper. 
“I can still make the bus,” Abby told him.  It wasn’t like her to sleep in. She’d always been an early-bird. 
“Are you sure?” her dad asked.
Abby nodded.
“Okay, I’ll leave you some money on the counter for a cab in case you need it, though.  I know it’s probably not very glamorous turning up in a cab on the first day of school, but it’s better than being late.  Give me the low-down tonight, okay? Have a great day, Honey.” Gordon May pecked Abby on the cheek and left.  Normally her dad trying to be cool and saying ‘low-down’ would make Abby laugh, but she was worried about getting to the bus. The smell of aftershave hung in the air and its smell, combined with Abby’s anxiety, made her feel queasy.  
Abby jumped out of bed and hurriedly searched her closet.  Her stomach was in knots.  This wasn’t the way she wanted to start the first day at a new school.  She grabbed a pink sweater, a white skirt and a soft grey scarf.  
She ran down the stairs and grabbed some fruit from the bowl on the table.  That would have to do for breakfast.  She saw the money her dad had left on the counter and put it in her bag.  Her phone was flashing with unread messages.    
She’d have to jog to make the bus. Closing the front door behind her, Abby looked down and saw something on the front step.  It was a small box.  Abby picked it up.  
The box was wrapped in expensive yellow paper with a pink diamond pattern.  Abby’s heart skipped a beat.  Mark! It had to be.  She quickly unwrapped the paper and opened the present.  
Taking the lid off the box,  Abby screamed.  
Chapter Twelve

Abby jumped and stepped backwards. The box flew from her hands.  As it hit the footpath its loathsome contents rolled out.  
It was an eyeball! 
Abby stared at it, disbelieving. 
The eyeball sat in a pocket of skin and jelly, the iris huge and brown.  It was at her feet, staring up at her. 
Abby ran.  She ran back towards the front door.  She frantically tried the handle, forgetting she had locked it just moments before.  She ran around to the side of the house and leaned against the wall, her heart pounding. What was happening? Why was there an eyeball on the doorstep?  
Then Abby had a terrible thought.
Millie! 
Abby hadn’t seen Millie since last night!  She moaned and sank to the ground, her hand sliding down the smooth wall of the house.  She started to cry; low, dry sobs coming from her throat.  
Millie!  It was Millie’s eye in the box!  
Abby buried her face into her arm, gasping for breath.  Who hated her this much? Who knew about Millie? Who knew where they lived?  
Finally Abby sat up and wiped her nose and pushed her hair back from her face.  Whatever was happening she had to pull herself together.  She was in danger.  Her dad might be in danger too. Whoever was responsible for frightening her wasn’t joking around.  
They could even be watching her now. They could be watching the house.  
Abby felt sick.  Shaking, she walked to the street and grabbed her bag.  She was in a daze.  Her hands were trembling as she turned the key in the front door.  She had just let herself back in when Carla arrived.  She looked shocked to see the state of Abby’s clothes and her tear-streaked face.
“Abby what’s wrong?”
Abby started crying again.  The thought of Millie, laying dead somewhere, was more than she could bear to think about.  
Abby leaned against the front door. “It’s Millie,” she croaked hoarsely, between sobs.  
Carla looked around for the puppy, and back to Abby with concern.  She walked Abby into the living room and sat her down on the sofa.
“Don’t worry, Abby,” Carla said.  “We’ll find her.”
Abby couldn’t bring herself to say, ‘She’s dead! Don’t bother looking for her!’  She heard Carla go outside and call Millie’s name. She felt numb.  Carla hadn’t questioned why Abby was so upset over the missing puppy.  Millie was part of the family.  
Abby sat slumped in the chair.  It was as though she couldn’t form any thoughts at all and yet at the same time her thoughts felt jumbled in her head.  She wondered what her dad would say.  And her friends.  Outside she could hear Carla’s voice in the distance, calling Millie over and over.  It was no use. Millie’s dead, she thought.  Dead.  Abby hardly knew anyone in Pleasant Bay. Who could hate her this much?  Was it something to do with the weekend and the boat?  Had someone been injured in the crash after all and was now blaming her for it?  Enough to want some sort of weird revenge?  Mark said no one had been badly hurt, but what if he was wrong? Abby remembered what James had said in the car.  Be careful.
Abby heard a noise.  Barking! 
“Millie!”
Abby ran into the hall to find her dog running in circles and wagging her tail. Millie was alive! Abby stared at her, hardly daring to believe it. Millie was dirty and a bit damp, but otherwise she seemed fine.  She wasn’t dead!
Abby scooped the puppy up in her arms.  Millie licked Abby’s cheek in a furious burst of affection.  She smelled disgusting and was covered in wet sand, but right then, feeling the warmth of Millie’s breath and her wet nose against Abby’s check was all that mattered.  The puppy was alive and she was safe.  
Carla walked in through the door a moment later.  She was holding the eyeball in her hand.
“New toy, uh?” Carla said.
Abby stared at eyeball in horror.  
“Carla!” 
“This is yours for Millie, no?” Carla said, looking confused by Abby’s reaction. 
“Carla! Don’t touch it!” Abby cried. “Throw it in the trash, it’s disgusting! Who knows what poor animal it came from!”
“What no . . . disgusting?” The housekeeper said in broken English, with a bemused smile. “It’s not the real one!”
Carla handed the eyeball to Abby. Sure enough, it was made of rubber with a thin plastic ‘membrane’ attached. 
Abby couldn’t believe it.  It looked so real.  She felt embarrassed and confused.  Why would someone leave a trick eyeball on their doorstep? 
“Where did you find her?” Abby asked.
“Silly puppy! She was on the beach.  A young man was there.  He said she was in the drain. She was caught.”
“At the beach?” Abby repeated, surprised. “I wonder how she got out?  She was inside last night. In her basket when I went to bed and I remember checking the doors.”
Abby tried to work out what had happened. What if someone had come into the house in-between when she had gone to bed and when her dad had arrived home? If someone had come in through a door, Millie could easily have slipped out.  Had it been a burglar? Abby quickly looked over the downstairs rooms.  Nothing appeared to be missing or out of place. 
She went outside and walked around the house.  There was no sign that anyone had broken in.  Could someone have forced open a window but left through a door?  That could be one possible explanation of how Millie had got out.  Abby tried the doors.  They were still locked.  
Then Abby remembered going out to the clothesline briefly the night before. She’d only been outside for a minute and could have sworn she had closed the door behind her, but she wasn’t absolutely sure.  She’d had a lot on her mind.  It was possible Millie could have run out then.  But how could I have missed seeing her? Abby thought. 
Abby went back inside.  Carla was humming as she sorted dirty laundry into the washing machine.  She smiled when she saw Abby at the door of the laundry. 
“Millie needs a bath too,” Carla said, waving her hand in front of her nose.
Millie was rolling on the floor in the hall, dirtying the carpet. 
Carla helped Abby to give Millie a bath in the laundry tub.  Only once the puppy was dry and fed did Abby’s attention turn to school.  Carla made a pot of soup for lunch and went home for the day.  Abby was starving.  She hadn’t eaten all morning and she felt tired from the worry and crying over Millie. She didn’t want to leave the puppy alone now that she’d just gotten her back, but she also didn’t want to miss the whole of the first day of school.  Abby wondered what to do.  If I hurry I can still make the last two classes of the afternoon, she thought.  
She quickly dialed a cab, changed her clothes, grabbed her bag, and checking to make sure the house was secure, she stepped outside to wait for the taxi. 
Chapter Thirteen

The cab driver dropped Abby outside the front gates of Pleasant Bay High.  Although it was small compared to her old school in the city, she didn’t have a clue where to go.  Each building looked the same, with only a few trees and drinking fountains to break the monotony.  Abby headed for what she guessed to be the main office.  She almost ran straight into someone coming the other way around the corner.  They only just avoided colliding.  
 “Watch where you’re going!” 
“Oh! . . . Sorry!” Abby stammered. “I was just looking for –” 
Abby didn’t get a chance to finish.  The other girl was already walking on.  Abby recognized her.  It was Kyra, the girl from Mark’s party.  The one with the flowers in her hair who’d been standing by the fire.  Abby stared after her.  
Kyra stalked away, apparently genuinely angry that Abby had almost run into her.  Her smooth dark hair flicked back and forth like the tail of an angry cat as she took long strides across the empty basketball court.  
Abby let out a deep breath.  What a weird reaction, she thought.  What was her problem?  Abby remembered James’ warning.  Was he trying to let her know that people in the Bay weren’t as friendly as they seemed?  
After a few more minutes of searching, Abby found the main office and introduced herself to the receptionist, Ms. Mitchell.  
Ms. Mitchell looked at Abby through big round glasses.  She looks like a friendly owl, Abby thought with a smile.  Ms. Mitchell found Abby’s enrollment details and handed her a locker number and combination.  She picked up the phone and called for a student to buddy with Abby and show her around the school. 
Abby’s buddy was a girl named Claire Pollard.  She arrived quickly and beamed a smile at Abby.  
“Hey, this is neat! You just helped me get out of my Lit Theory class,” Claire whispered to her as they walked away.
 “No problem,” Abby said, laughing. “You don’t like it, I’m guessing?”
Claire rolled her eyes. “Oh god, you can say that again.  What’s the point of studying literature if you’re just totally going to hack it?” 
Abby laughed.  She liked the fact that Claire obviously had a sense of humour. 
“I feel sorry for Mr. Russell, though,” Claire went on. “He’s a good teacher.  He can’t help being stuck with such a bone-head subject to teach.”
Abby chuckled.  She hadn’t heard the word, ‘bonehead’ since leaving the city. 
Claire chatted away to Abby about the school.
“Mr. Anderson thinks he’s fair when he grades papers, but actually he’s not.”  Claire said, conspiratorially. 
Abby liked Claire and thought they would probably be friends, but she found it hard to concentrate on Claire’s peppy conversation.  She still felt unsettled from the events of the morning.  She wondered if she’d get a chance to see Jess before school got out.  With everything that’s been going on, I could really use a familiar face right now. But then how well do I really know anyone here?  Abby thought.  Had one of her new ‘friends’ left the fake eyeball and the weird answering machine messages? But why?  Abby couldn’t think of anything she’d done that would explain why someone would be so angry with her. Unless it was all supposed to be a joke.
“Claire, do people like playing jokes around here?” Abby asked.  Claire didn’t know Abby. There’d be no reason for Claire to lie to her. 
Claire looked doubtful. “Jokes? You mean like Halloween?”
“Yeah, kinda. I mean, are there kids in the Bay who like to prank people?”
 They stopped by the lockers.  
“Not that I can think of,” Claire said, her brow furrowed.  There’s the usual horsing around that goes on between the football teams.  The guys can be a bit lame sometimes. Why?  Is something the matter?” 
“Oh no. Not really,” Abby said, cheerily. “It’s just something somebody mentioned to me. A friend.”
“Right, okay.” Claire said.  “Well, anyway, here are the lockers. Do you have your number?”
Abby searched in her bag for the paper slip with her locker number and combination.  
 “Do you know James Merritt?” she asked.
Claire looked surprised.  “James Merritt? Yeah, he’s a senior. I don’t know him that well, though. Do you?”
“No, not really,” Abby said quickly, taking out the paper. “I just met him on the weekend. He told me he goes here but he seems a little old for high school. I just wondered. I don’t really know many people that well yet.”
Claire looked at Abby as if trying to figure out if she was asking a question or making a statement.
“Well technically, he is older than the other seniors.  I know he studied abroad for a year on a student exchange program,” Claire replied. 
Abby nodded.  So that’s why he seemed older than his other friends. She was lost in her own thoughts for a moment and pretended to concentrate on the slip of paper.
“You look kinda relieved or something,” Claire said, laughing. “Is he the one playing jokes on you?” 
Claire’s words jolted her. Abby forced herself to stop thinking about the eyeball.
“Oh no, no! Nothing like that!” she said, trying to laugh. “No. It was just that I met him at Mark’s party. We hung out but I wondered about him being a senior.” 
“Well, half your luck,” Claire said, leaning against a locker. “Most people struggle to get two words out of him. And that includes the teachers! You must have really impressed him, eh?” Claire was joking around.
Abby blushed. “Yeah I guess,” she said, laughing genuinely this time.  
The bell rang and the hall filled up with kids.  Abby thanked Claire and they said goodbye.  She hoped Claire wasn’t the kind of person who would gossip and spread some stupid rumor about her just because she’d asked questions about him.  Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to be asking about people she didn’t really know very well.  Despite it being a tourist town, Pleasant Bay had the vibe of a close-knit community. Outsiders mightn’t be so welcome.  
As Abby made her way to class, she thought about what Claire had said about James. Obviously Abby wasn’t the only one James didn’t talk to much.  She wondered what country he’d gone to on exchange. She wondered why she was becoming so fixated him. I’ve spent most of last night and all of today thinking about him, she thought.  Despite feeling uneasy and even a bit scared, she wondered if she was starting to develop a crush on him, 
Abby met her teacher, Ms. Sanchez, who introduced her to the rest of the class. All Abby saw was a blur of faces as she found her seat.  It felt good to sit down.  She realized she’d been running around all day and was hungry as well as tired.  The class was social studies and normally Abby would have enjoyed it, but today she struggled to focus.  All she could think about was who might be trying to scare her, and why.  
Abby chewed the end of her pen and thought about going to the police.  Were a few prank phone calls and a rubber eyeball enough for them to take her seriously?
Gradually Abby became aware that a class discussion was taking place.  She snapped out of her daydream.  She’d been so far away she hadn’t even heard the teacher’s question. 
 “Towns like Pleasant Bay do not need any more development. “  Kyra was saying, seriously.  “There are plants and animals here that are unique. They don’t exist anywhere else!”
Abby remembered the shells and seaweed she’d seen the day she and Jess had walked along the beach, and the shell James had held up to the sun.   
“But that doesn’t explain how the people in this town are supposed to work and eat and raise their families,” a boy sitting near Abby said.  “If there aren’t any jobs, then there’s no point even living here.  We might as well all go and live on the moon!”
“Thanks, guys. Great. Anyone else?” Ms. Sanchez looked around the room. “Yes, Chelsea?”   
“It’s not just all about nature.  Development can be bad in other ways too,” Chelsea Martin said. “For example, if someone builds a shopping mall, smaller shops are pushed out. The families who own those smaller shops might have to move out of town because they don’t have enough money to compete with the bigger stores.”
Abby’s scalp prickled, and she felt her face grow hot.  She lowered her head and pretended to write something in her notebook.  Were they talking about her dad?  Were they trying to say the new Mayfield resort and shopping complex was a bad idea?
“As you can see, everyone, land management can be a difficult and controversial topic. There are a number of competing environmental and economic interests.  How we balance those interests is not always easy,” Ms. Sanchez said. “For your homework, I want you to look at other places and communities around the world that might be facing similar challenges.”
The final bell rang. Abby remained uncertain about going to the police. 
Abby stepped out into the hall and was caught in a wave of noise and jostling. She couldn’t see Claire or anyone else she knew.  She looked around for Chelsea but after the comments Chelsea had made in class, Abby wasn’t sure she could count on her being friendly. 
Despite being in the midst of a crowd, Abby felt alone.  All she wanted was to escape the crush and heat of the hall.  She finally managed to find a side door and squeezed through the logjam of students.  It felt good to be out in the cool air. She could breathe freely.  Abby walked around the building towards the main gate. 
As she walked, Abby became aware of shouting.  She ducked behind a maintenance shed.
Mark Crowley and James Merritt were standing in the parking lot. 
Abby couldn’t hear their words, but from the gestures they were making she could see that they were having an argument.
James pushed Mark so hard that Mark lost his balance and almost fell. 
Abby gasped.
She watched as Mark recovered and took a step towards James.  His fists were clenched and his face was filled with rage.  He looked as if he were about to launch himself at James and punch him.  James must have thought so, too.  He was in a fighting stance. 
Abby swallowed.  Her mouth felt dry.  She gripped the strap of her backpack, unsure of what she was about to see. 
James said something and Mark backed away a little.  He still looked angry. It wasn’t over yet. 
Abby’s mind was whirling. Weren’t Mark and James supposed to be friends?  Best friends? Why were they fighting? 
Chapter Fourteen

The two boys exchanged more words then finally stomped away. 
Abby waited behind the maintenance shed until she was sure they were gone.  She walked slowly towards the main gate, thinking about everything she’d just seen.
It started to rain.
Damn, she thought. The one day I forget my jacket.  Luckily she’d thought to bring a small fold-away umbrella, but it was in her locker.  She started back for it. 
The hall was almost empty.  Three girls on their way to the gym walked by with a basketball. 
It was getting darker.  There might even be another storm. Abby looked anxiously up and down the hall. 
She found her locker and turned the combination. Opening the locker door, she gasped.  Books, folders and papers were strewn all over the shelves and the floor.  Abby had left everything stacked neatly before she’d left.  Now all she could do was stare in horror at the mess everywhere. 
Someone had been in her locker!
Abby started to gather up the books and papers when she heard a sound.  
She froze, listening. 
She quickly grabbed the umbrella and tried to re-set the lock. Her hands were trembling.
There it was again:  footsteps?
Abby glanced around nervously. 
I need to get out of here! she thought. 
Abby hurried down the hall towards the main doors. 
Outside the rain was coming down harder.
Over the noise of the rain there was another sound. 
Footsteps. 
Abby glanced behind her, breaking into a jog. The hall was dark. 
She was running by the time she reached the doors.  She flung them open and dashed outside. 
Abby ran through the parking lot and out into the street.  She stopped and turned around.  It didn’t look like anyone was following her but it was hard to see through the rain. The light was fading. 
She walked quickly, trying to hold the umbrella steady.  Her shoes were already drenched. It’s only a half block to the bus shelter, she told herself. 
Abby crossed a side street and stepped out onto the road.  She had to make her way slowly over the greasy asphalt.  She wondered why James and Mark had been fighting, and whether the comments in the class discussion had been directed at her. Everyone had seemed friendly so far. 
There was a low growling noise. Abby moved her umbrella to one side to see what it was and was immediately dazzled by two huge lights. 
Her ears were filled with the sound of roaring and the lights were moving fast.  
They were coming straight for her!

Chapter Fifteen

It was too late. There was nowhere to go.  Abby screamed as the car bore down on her. She closed her eyes. 
At the last moment it swerved and slid on the wet road.  It clipped Abby on the shoulder as it went past, and she was thrown against the curb.  She fell heavily and her head struck the road with a sickening thud. 
The car sped past, drenching Abby in mud and water, the wheels were just inches from her head. 
She struggled to stand up. 
The low growling noise returned.  A dark shape was approaching. She could hear the swish of tires through water on the road.  The car was coming back!  
Abby tried to take a step onto the verge, but her legs crumpled beneath her. 
She had to get away. She had to get to safety.
But the car wasn’t speeding towards her.  It was slowing down.
The driver stopped and leapt out, racing towards her through the rain.
“Are you all right?” a voice yelled.
Abby looked up.
“Oh Abby!” It was Ms. Mitchell, the school receptionist. “Can you move? Let me help you.”
Lorna Mitchell took Abby under the arms and helped her into the passenger seat of her car. 
“Abby what happened? You’re head’s bleeding,” Lorna said as she hurriedly took a cloth from the glove compartment. She held it against Abby’s cheek. 
Abby was shaking. Blood and water were running down her neck and sweater.  She shivered with cold.
“Here, hold that if you can.  It’s going to be okay.  It looks like a superficial cut.” 
Lorna Mitchell jumped out of the car and grabbed a picnic rug from the back. She wrapped it around Abby.  
“We’re going to the hospital,” she said. 
Abby had never seen so much blood before.  It was all over her clothes and the interior of the car.
“It’s all right, Abby.  Just rest,” Lorna said as she turned the car around to drive to the hospital. 
Abby was silent. She stared at Ms. Mitchell as if in a dream.  Lorna took off at speed and sat up close against the windscreen.  She kept glancing at Abby every now and then.
At the hospital Lorna stayed with Abby until Gordon May arrived.  In the meantime, a doctor examined Abby and treated her injuries.  Abby had concussion, cuts and bruises and a sprained wrist. 
“You were certainly very lucky,” the doctor said. “It could have been much worse.”
Abby’s head was pounding.  She didn’t feel so lucky. 
Abby was in a bed, but the doctors cleared her to go home.  Now that the adrenaline had worn off, she felt exhausted.  Gordon May arrived at the same time as the police. 
The police took statements from Abby and Ms. Mitchell. 
There wasn’t much Abby could tell them.  She hadn’t seen the car until it was right on her and she struggled to describe it.  All she could say is that it sounded heavy, like a pick-up truck or an SUV.   
Ms. Mitchell said that she’d driven past just after the accident and hadn’t seen anything either. 
The police promised to investigate, but Abby could tell that they didn’t have much information to go on. 
After the police left Gordon May turned to Ms. Mitchell. 
“Thank god you came along,” he said, visibly shaken.  “Abigail could have been killed.”
“I’m just so glad I saw her,” she replied. “It was raining so hard out there.”
“It’s eased up a little, but it’s still coming down.  Please take care driving home, won’t you.”
Ms. Mitchell promised she would. “And you take care, too, Abby.  I hope to see you back at school again soon,” she gave Abby a quick hug as she left. 
Abby saw tears in her father’s eyes.  “When I got the call at work, I thought . . . for a minute I thought. . . .” Gordon May coughed and cleared his throat.  
“It’s okay, Dad,” Abby said. 
Gordon May put his head down and nodded.  He took a handkerchief out of his pocket, removed his glasses and wiped his eyes. 
“This will never do,” he said, trying to laugh. “You’re sitting there thinking, ‘C’mon Dad! Time to get this show on the road! I don’t want to be stuck in this hospital all day long, I’m a teenager!’”
Abby smiled at her dad’s attempt at humour. She started to cry silently.  It was painful for both of them thinking about her mother. 
They made their way slowly to the car and drove home. The rain was clearing.
At home Abby took some painkillers the doctor had prescribed and went to bed.  Her dad brought up a tray with a hot roll and cocoa in her favorite mug. Millie jumped on the bed and curled up at Abby’s feet.  

The next morning Abby woke in pain.  Her legs and her right arm were aching where she’d taken the greatest impact from the fall, but she was feeling a little better.   
There was a soft knock at the door. 
“Come in,” Abby said.
Carla entered with a breakfast tray.  She helped Abby to sit up with an extra pillow and set the tray in front of her.  On it was a cup of herbal tea and a stack of blueberry pancakes, Abby’s favorite. 
“Abby, your father told to me.  I’m so very sorry for your accident,” Carla said, looking solemn. She walked across the room and drew back the curtains. 
“Your father has left for work. He will call in the lunch break. The whole day I am here. I will see you get better.” 
 “Thank you, Carla. And thanks for the pancakes. I’m sure I’ll be feeling better soon.”
Carla smiled sadly and left the room. 
Millie leapt off the bed and followed Carla downstairs for her own breakfast.  
Abby stared out at the sky as she ate the pancakes.  It was cloudy. 
She remembered how close the car’s wheel had come to her head.  If the car hadn’t slipped on the road . . . .
Abby shuddered.  
Had someone deliberately tried to run her over?  
It had been raining heavily. Maybe the driver hadn’t seen her? Ms. Mitchell had seen her, even when Abby had been laying down on the road, or had that been because she had been struggling to get up and had crumpled to the ground right when Ms. Mitchell had been approaching?
Abby thought about all the other things that had happened. The weird messages. The eyeball. The feeling of being followed.  James’ warning to be careful and the fight she’d seen between him and Mark. James had also made that strange comment that he wasn’t stalking her. Abby wondered who she could talk to and who she could trust.  
She winced as she set the breakfast tray to one side and reached for the phone on her bedside table. Jess would probably be in class. Abby sent her a text saying that she was away sick and would call later.
She tried Hannah.
Abby was relieved to hear Hannah pick up.
“Hey, good timing, I haven’t got classes until this afternoon,” Hannah said. “How was the first day yesterday?”
“Oh you won’t believe it!” Abby said.  Her voice was shaking and she was on the brink of tears. 
“Abby, are you okay? You sound upset.  Believe what? What happened?”
She knew she could trust Hannah.  They had been friends forever.  Suddenly everything came pouring out.  Abby was surprised to hear the worry in her own voice. She was more upset than she realized.
“Whoa, Abby!” Hannah cried. “Today’s Tuesday and all this has happened just since the weekend?”
“Yeah. It’s all been since the night of the party. No, hang on, wait; I think someone pranked me before that. During the day on the home phone.”
“What did they say?” 
“They didn’t say anything.  But I could tell there was someone there.  I could hear them breathing,” Abby said. 
“It does sound weird,” Hannah agreed. “Do you think it’s about money?”
“No one’s asked for any and there hasn’t been a ransom note or anything,” Abby said.
“Maybe the eyeball was a kind of message . . . a ransom for Millie, a warning or something?” Hannah suggested.
Abby suddenly remembered the phone call at Mark’s place. 
“Oh my god!” she cried.
“What?”
“I just remembered, one of those prank calls . . . I think the person said, ‘dog.’ 
‘They said, ‘dog,’?”
“Yes! I remember!’ Abby said.  “There was silence, and I thought I heard laughing as well!”
“And then this guy James that dropped you home said, ‘Be careful’?”
“Yes! I know, it’s weird. None of it makes sense.  I don’t know what to do. I don’t know if any of it’s connected.  None of this stuff seems random, but then again, I can’t work out why anyone would have a grudge against me.  I hardly know anyone here.”
“Yeah, and you wouldn’t think a kid making some prank calls would try and run you over,” Hannah agreed. “Have you thought maybe some of it’s related but not other stuff? As mean as this is going to sound – have you thought that it might be Xavier making the calls? I wouldn’t put it past him.”
“Yeah, I wondered that too,” Abby said. “But what about the joke eyeball? And that guy James telling me to, ‘be careful’?” 
“Well, the box with the eyeball didn’t have your name on it, or your address . . . Maybe it wasn’t meant for you?  Are you sure the caller said, ‘dog’? Maybe it’s like your housekeeper said; it was a dog toy or something. Did you ask your dad about it?  Could he have bought it for Millie and forgot to mention it?  You said he’s been pretty preoccupied lately.”
“Yeah, he has.  It’s possible, I guess, but Dad’s not in the habit of buying dog toys.  Especially as he is so busy at the moment.  And what kind of person gives their dog a fake eyeball to play with?  Han, you didn’t see it.  It looked so . . . real.” Abby shivered. 
“Did you tell your dad and the police yesterday about all this stuff?” Hannah asked.
“No.  I should have. I wanted to . . . but I was still getting over the accident and I was kind of groggy.  I don’t know whether to say anything or not.  It might just be kids. I’m thinking it’s probably better to ignore it, otherwise I might just end up stressing Dad out over nothing.  He was really shaken up yesterday.
“Yeah, totally!  I can imagine.  Another accident.  It must have been horrible,” Hannah said, sympathetically. “And frightening! What about talking to that James guy?  Asking him what he was on about?  I mean, it’s pretty weird to say, ‘Be careful’ to someone you hardly know.  And it sounds like he’s been acting kinda strange on top of that.  I’d say he definitely knows more than he’s letting on.”
“Yeah, definitely.  I think so, too.”
“Listen – Ab – I gotta go,” Hannah said.  “Keep me posted, okay? Ring anytime.  And promise to take care.  It all sounds kinda creepy.”
Abby promised she would.  She replaced the phone on the table.  She sighed and lay back on the pillows and thought about Hannah’s advice.  Abby tried to picture herself approaching James and starting a conversation.  She didn’t know if she could.  Especially after seeing the fight.  He’d looked so angry. What if he blew up at her? 
Then Abby had another thought: she’d told the police that the car that hit her might have been an SUV.  James drove an SUV!  It couldn’t be him! Abby twisted the bed-sheet in her hand. If it had been James, it had to have been an accident!
I won’t know unless I talk to him, Abby thought.  It might be the only way I’m going to find out the truth. 
Chapter Sixteen 

The next day Abby woke to the sound of the phone.
“Hey, I wasn’t sure if you’d answer,” Jess said.  “Are you ok? Ms. Mitchell in the office said you’d been in some kind of accident.  She didn’t want to tell me, but I‘d already got your text yesterday and knew you were off sick, so I got it out of her,” Jess said, with a short laugh.
Abby smiled thinking of Ms. Mitchell. 
“Yeah, I’m okay I guess. Luckily it wasn’t more serious. I should be back at school in a couple of days.” Abby told Jess about the accident.  
“Oh my god! Abby! That’s so awful!” Jess cried. “That must have been so scary! You could have been killed!” 
“I know!  Apart from a few cuts and bruises, my wrist and shoulder are the worst. I can hardly move my arm.” 
“And it was Ms. Mitchell that found you? Wow.”
“Yeah crazy huh? One minute I’m registering at school and the next minute she’s picking me up off the road and driving me to hospital.”
“Oh no Abby!” Jess said. “Is there anything I can do? Would you like me to come over and keep you company?” 
“Thanks, Jess, but that’s okay. I just need to chill I think. It’s the shock of it more than anything. You know, there I am one minute, walking to the bus, and the next some maniac is headed straight for me.” Abby tried to joke. It would be the talk of the school for awhile and she’d probably end up repeating the story a few times. 
“Well, let me know if you need anything or if I can help,” Jess said. “I can collect your homework for you if you like?”
“Hey thanks, that would be great,” Abby said. 
“I really hope you’re feeling better soon, Abby.” Jess sounded very concerned. 
“Hey thanks. Maybe we can chat on-line later?” Abby said.
“Sure.”
Just as they were about to hang up, Abby said, “Jess, did you see Mark or James today?” 
“Mark and James? Yeah, I saw them at lunchtime. How come?”
“How did they seem?” Abby asked. “Were they talking?” 
“You mean to each other?  Yeah . . .they seemed fine . . .”
“It’s just that . . .” Abby wasn’t sure what to say. “Did they say anything about me?”
“Say anything about you?” Jess repeated. No. Like what?”   
“Oh it’s just that I didn’t get a chance to thank them after the weekend,” Abby said, quickly. 
“Oh Abby! Don’t worry about that now! You rest and get better,” Jess cried. 
“I know it’s silly. I’m fine. I guess I’m just not thinking straight,” Abby said. “I just . . . I wish my first day . . . hadn’t gone so badly!” She forced a laugh. 
“You poor thing! Well, don’t worry, we’ll all be here when you get back,” Jess said. “Take care, Abby. Talk soon.” 
After they hung up, Abby stared at the phone.  She longed to tell Jess what had really been going on, but she had to admit she still didn’t know her very well. Could she trust her? There wasn’t anyone in the Bay that Abby felt she knew that well. 
What if it’s more than one person doing this stuff? she thought.  Her mind returned to the same question she’d discussed with Hannah. Who would want to stalk her, and why? 

By the end of the next day in bed, Abby was bored.  Her arm still hurt but she was able to move it more. The pain was going and her bruises were changing color. A thick scab had formed over the cut on her head. 
Too bad it’s not Halloween, she thought, wryly.  I look scary enough for it.     
Jess had emailed some homework. Abby read over the notes. After reading the same page three times, she gave up.  
Abby sat up in bed with her smartphone.  She logged into her instant messaging account.  No one was on. 
Hannah and Jess and some of the other girls had left get well messages on her Keyway wall. So had Mark. Abby read the message from him.  Hey Abby, sorry to hear about your tough break (almost!) Hope you’re feeling better soon! :) 
The messages helped cheer her, but Abby remained suspicious. She hated doubting her new friends.  She decided to search for Mark on-line.  She felt guilty for snooping but she had to reassure herself.  Mark seemed like a nice guy but unless it was her imagination, it seemed like he was being extra nice to her.  Maybe he’s got a crush on me, she thought.  At the party and at his house there seemed to be a comfortable familiarity between them.  He was easy to talk to.
She typed Mark’s name into the search engine. She found some information on the usual social media sites, but most of the search results were for his dad’s company.  It wasn’t much help.  There wasn’t anything about Mark that Abby didn’t already know.  
Then there was James Merritt.  If Abby was going to be totally honest with herself, she was developing a crush on him.  From the first moment she’d looked into his eyes on the boat she’d felt something.  There was some sort of spark between them and Abby was almost certain he felt it, too, but she knew even less about James than she did about Mark. 
Abby entered ‘James Merritt’ into the search engine. Nothing. She tried different combinations: ‘James Merritt Pleasant Bay,’ and, ‘James Merritt Pleasant Bay High’, but there were no results.  Why couldn’t she find anything about him?
Chapter Seventeen

Abby decided to take a break from searching. She went downstairs.  It was late afternoon and Carla had gone home.  She’d left a homemade savory pie and a batch of fresh muffins. 
Millie ran around the living room carrying a squeaky toy bone in her mouth. She stopped in the kitchen, shaking it from side to side.  Abby thought about the eyeball and shuddered.  There was no way it could have been a dog toy, but she would ask her dad anyway.  Abby knew she had to tell him what had been going on.  The car accident was too close for comfort.
Abby sat at the table and watched Millie chewing the bone between her paws.  Thank god Carla had found her.  After only a month Carla already felt like family. 
Abby thought about that.  How well did they really know her?  How had Carla found Millie so fast?  It was almost as though she had known exactly where to look.  Abby decided that when she was feeling better, she would go down to the beach and have a look at the drain herself.
Something else occurred to Abby: Carla had arrived just after Abby had found the eyeball.  Could she have parked around the corner, planted the box on the doorstep, and then waited a few minutes in her car before ‘arriving’ at the house?
Stop it, Abby! she scolded herself. There was no reason to suspect Carla.  She’d been nothing but kind to Abby and her father, going out of her way for them.  I must really be getting spooked, Abby thought.  I’ll be suspecting my own father next!
The phone rang. Abby jumped. 
It was her dad.  
Gordon May was ringing to see how she was.  He was still at work and would be home late.
“Don’t wait up, Abby.  I don’t know how long I’m going to be and you still need to get plenty of rest,” her dad said. “There’s enough loose change in the kitchen caddy to order take-out, if you like. I’m sorry, kiddo.  We’re so busy at the moment with this deal.”
“That’s okay, Dad. I understand.  Before you go . . . there’s something I’ve been wanting to ask you . . . you haven’t bought any toys for Millie, lately, by any chance?”
“Toys for Millie? No, I haven’t bought any toys for Millie.”
“I didn’t think you had, I just saw this plastic toy outside on the ground the other day and I wondered where it came from.” 
“Oh. Well, no. Sorry Honey, I can’t help you there. Maybe someone dropped it on their way to the beach.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right,” Abby said. 
“Are you okay? You sound kind of worried.  Did Millie get out again?” Gordon May asked, concerned.
“Oh no, Dad. No.  She’s here. She’s looking up at me now.  I’m fine, really. Just a little tired.”
“Okay, Honey. Take it easy. I’ll get out of here as soon as I can.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
Abby hung up the phone and sighed.  She hadn’t exactly told him the truth, but all along she’d been certain that the eyeball wasn’t a dog toy, and she felt better for having asked her dad about it. 
Abby ordered a pizza and watched TV while she waited for it to arrive. She wondered whether to call Jess to come and hang out.  By the time the pizza arrived Abby still hadn’t made up her mind about calling Jess.
There was a knock at the door.  
Abby looked through the spyhole and opened the door for the pizza boy.  She paid and thanked him as she took the box. The pizza smelt delicious. As she was closing the door, she noticed something under it.  Abby put the pizza box down on the hall table and picked up a white envelope. Her name and address were typed neatly on the front.  There was no return address and no postage stamp. Whoever had left the letter had hand-delivered it.
Abby’s heart was racing. 
What was it? Who was it from?
With trembling hands she tore it open. 

Chapter Eighteen

A single sentence was printed in the middle of the paper. 

I’m keeping an eye on you!

Abby stood in the doorway, frozen.

She read the sentence again.

Suddenly she dropped the paper and ran outside.  Apart from a few couples strolling along the esplanade, the street was empty.  
Abby went back inside.  Millie was running between the pizza box on the hall table and the open door.
Abby felt dizzy.  She scooped Millie into her arms and went back inside. She locked the door and sat down on the sofa, her appetite gone.  She felt sick.
Abby’s head throbbed. Her mind was racing. So she was right: The eyeball had been intended for her.  
Why? she thought. 
What have I done?
Abby wasn’t sure how long she sat on the sofa.  Eventually she stood up and walked into the kitchen.
She thought about calling someone to come over.  She wished her dad was home.  He’d know what to do.  She dialed her dad’s number but hung up before the call connected. 
Whoever was doing this was trying to intimidate her.  He or she wanted Abby to be scared. Scared in her own home. 
I’m not going to give in to this fear! she told herself.  For all I know, it might still turn out to be some sort of stupid joke.
Abby decided to wait until her dad got home to tell him.  He was very busy.  In the meantime, she’d write down everything that had happened.  At the hospital she remembered the police had said that sometimes the smallest details could turn out to be important clues.  Even if she and her dad didn’t go to the police and it was just a bunch of kids from school, writing it all down might help her work out who it was. 
Abby drew the curtains on the dark windows and turned on all the lights. She re-heated the pizza. When it was ready she took it into the living room with a pen and notepad. 
She’d start by writing everything down and then look for any obvious pattern. She felt sure there had to be one.  Abby listed each event and when it had occurred. Next, she would write a list of all the people she knew: Friends, acquaintances, teachers, everyone she could think of that she had met or been in contact with since she and her dad had arrived in the Bay.  No one would be left out.  Until she knew more, everyone was a suspect.
Abby thought hard and tried to include everything she could remember. By the time she’d finished, she had a sheet of information.  She read it over and over but she couldn’t see any connection. There had to be one, but after a couple of hours of thinking, she gave up and decided to take a break. 
The only thing that she could say for sure from reading her list was that she couldn’t rule anybody out as a suspect. 
Abby looked at the clock.  It was past ten.  Her dad still wasn’t home.  She was tired and her arm was aching.  Millie was curled up against her leg on the sofa, snoring softly.  Abby reluctantly got up, poured some food into Millie’s bowl and, turning on the porch light, went up to bed.  
I really should catch up on some school work, she thought wearily as she climbed the stairs.
She sat up in bed and tried to read the notes Jess had emailed to her while listening out for her dad, but Abby soon felt herself falling asleep. 

Hours later she sat up, wide awake.  The clock on the bedside table read 4.35AM.  
The cut on her head was throbbing.  Abby put her slippers on and went to the window. The front porch light was out and the car was in the driveway. 
Her phone on the bureau was flashing with an unread message.  She hoped it was a text from Hannah, or Jess.  Sometimes Hannah texted after she’d been to a late movie.  Abby swiped the screen and her face was bathed in an eerie glow.  The text wasn’t from Hannah.  Or Jess.  Or anyone else Abby knew.   It was from an anonymous number. 

IT’S HARD TO KEEP AN EYE ON THINGS
WHEN YOU ARE IN PAIN
DON’T LET YOUR 
PRECIOUS THINGS
GET ALL WASHED DOWN THE DRAIN!

Abby stared numbly at the screen. 
The drain! 
The drain at the beach where Carla had found Millie! 
Abby had been wondering whether Millie had got herself stuck or whether someone had deliberately trapped her.  It was a point she’d written on the list.  Now she had her answer.  
It was the stalker! 
The stalker put Millie in the drain!  The stalker knew where Abby lived and had her cellphone number!  
She started to tremble.  Abby tried to think who she’d given her number to.
Jess was the only person she could think of besides the people she knew in the city, like Hannah and Xavier.  Had Jess given Abby’s number out to someone? If she had, wouldn’t she have told her?  Abby forced herself to consider whether it could be Jess herself.  It seemed unlikely, but it was possible.  Abby knew that Jess didn’t have a boyfriend.  
Maybe she’s jealous of the attention I’ve been getting from Mark and James?  Abby wondered.  But would Jess really take it this far?  She seems so nice, Abby thought.  If Jess was the stalker she must also be a superb actor.  Abby couldn’t picture it.
But what if Hannah was right?  What if there was more than one stalker? Some making calls and another person leaving notes and the eyeball?
As Abby considered this latest threat, a surge of anger replaced her fear.  She switched on the lamp, her eyes adjusting to the sudden glare of the light 
Right! she thought.  This is going to stop!  And it’s going to stop now! 
Chapter Nineteen

Abby decided she would go down to the beach and check the drain at first light. Whoever was menacing her was trying to keep her afraid and vulnerable, trying to ruin her life. She should be having fun with her new friends, starting a new school and planning for the future.  
She and her dad had only recently moved to Pleasant Bay, so the stalker couldn’t be well known to her. That meant that the stalker didn’t know who they were dealing with, either. Abby would check the drain and then come home and tell her dad what had been going on, and the suspicions she had.  Then they could go to the police.
Pulling on her robe, Abby crept downstairs and made some toast and a cup of coffee.  
She went into the living room where Millie was asleep in her basket. Abby petted her gently. 
“I’m going to get to the bottom of this,” she said, softly. 
Before long, the sky was streaked with light.  Abby changed into sweat pants and a top and grabbed a flashlight and her phone.  She left a note for her dad on the kitchen counter and, being careful not to disturb Millie, she slipped out of the house.
The sky and the sea were tinged with the soft pink of sunrise, but Abby didn’t have time to enjoy the view.  She walked quickly along the esplanade to the beach.  It didn’t take long to reach the Bay’s rocky headland.  Abby noticed that the tide was coming in and she had to scramble over the rocks to reach the drain.  It would be difficult for a little dog like Millie to cross a huge mound of rocks, especially if they were slippery, but not impossible.  
After a few minutes of searching, Abby found it.  A steady stream of water ran from the pipe into the sea.  It had a large grill on the front that prevented rubbish from being dumped out into the Bay.  Abby shone the flashlight through the grille and down into the hollow black cavern.  There was no way that Millie could have gotten through the grille and become stuck down there on her own.  
Abby tugged at the grille. The metal gave way slightly in her hands.  On her own she probably couldn’t pull it off completely, but it wouldn’t be a problem for someone who was a bit stronger.  That’s what Carla must have meant when she said a young man helped her. He must have helped her to pull the grille loose. Abby wondered who the young man had been.  James? Mark?  Abby remembered the way James had suddenly appeared at the beach the day he gave her a ride to Mark’s house.  Had he been at the beach that day too when Carla had found Millie?
Carla had also said something about the puppy being caught.  Had she meant caught by the drain or caught by a person?
The tide was coming further into shore.  She finished her inspection of the drain and clambered back up the rocks.  When she returned home she would write a description of the drain on her list.  Abby no longer doubted the connection between the series of events. 
She made her way carefully over the rocks and started back along the shore.  
The waves were reaching further up the sand.  To avoid getting wet she would have to go back through the brush that ran along the length of the beach.  Pushing her way through, Abby reached the narrow track that ran through the dunes.  
Her hand closed around her phone in her pocket.  Drat! she thought. I should have taken some photos of the drain.  It might help to convince the police that Millie had been deliberately trapped down there.  
Abby turned around on the track and started heading back towards the beach but the incoming tide made it impossible to get back over the rocks.  Abby watched, alarmed, at the speed of the rising tide.   If Carla hadn’t found Millie when she had . . . if the puppy had been trapped down there much longer, Millie would have drowned!
From the corner of her eye, Abby saw movement.  
Was there someone there?  
She decided not to waste any time getting home.  She quickened her steps.  Then Abby heard another noise.  She stopped to listen.  
Footsteps?  
Silence.  
Abby kept walking.  I’m freaking myself out, she thought.  That’s all it is.  Her grip tightened on her phone.  
Another sound, closer this time.  Abby spun around.  Against the dunes she could just make out the shape of a person.  Someone was following her! 
Abby ran.  Her shoes slid on the sand and her hand touched the ground but she didn’t fall.  The sound of her heart pounded in her ears.  Someone was chasing her!  She stumbled and almost fell.  It wasn’t much farther.  If she could make it out into the street she would be able to flag down a passerby.  
Abby could hear the heavy thud of shoes behind her.  Whoever was there was running hard and catching up.  
She tried to run faster, but it was no use.  The stalker was gaining on her.  She could hear their breathing.  The hair on her neck stood on end.
They were right behind her!  
Abby tried to scream, to call out for help, but she couldn’t catch her breath.  Her body was surging with adrenaline.  She had to get out of the dunes and onto the road or the beach where people could see her.  If she could get there she could run to the nearest house and call for help.  
Where’s the road? she thought, fighting frantically through the brush. 
 She fumbled her phone out of her pocket. 
It was too late.  
Abby felt a vice-like grip close on her arm.  She screamed as the phone flew out of her hand.  
‘No!’ she shouted.  She struggled against her attacker, falling hard on her knees. 
Pain shot through her arms as two hands gripped her shoulders and dragged her backwards.  Abby knew she had no option other than to fight as hard as she could.
A hand reached around for her throat.  She kicked out, twisting.  Abby came face to face with her attacker. 
She looked into his cruel dark eyes and screamed, recognizing him immediately. 

Chapter Twenty

“Eric Crowley!” Abby cried.  
The stalker was Mark’s father!
He struck her hard.  Abby collapsed.  When she woke up she was being dragged again. Everything around her was blurry, as though she was underwater.  
Abby fought to stay conscious.  She tried to look around, to see where he was taking her, but she couldn’t turn her head.  Her face was swollen and bleeding.  
Eric Crowley threw Abby into the back seat of his SUV.  Soon they were lurching over a rough dirt road.  Abby sat up slowly and leaned against the window.  
She didn’t recognize the area.   
In the driver’s seat, Eric Crowley was talking in a low voice.  Was he speaking to her?  Did he know she was even awake, or was he talking to himself?  
“You stupid kid!  You think you’re so clever! You and your stupid father!  Well, we’ll see who’s laughing in the end, won’t we?  Gordon May’s not so clever now, is he?  Not when his precious little daughter’s missing!  He’s not going to win the contract for the Pleasant Bay redevelopment!  Daddy dearest is going to be too distracted!  Don’t you think so, Abby?”
“You’re crazy!” Abby shouted.  She tried the door of the car.  It was locked.  She was trapped.  
“Yes, that may be so,” Eric Crowley said with slow satisfaction as Abby pulled on the door handle. “But all’s fair in love and war . . . And business.  Isn’t that what they say?”  He peered at her through the rear-vision mirror, smiling coldly.  
Abby looked out onto unfamiliar countryside.  Crowley drove the car along a series of winding back roads. 
“Where are we going?” she cried.
“You know, I tried the usual methods,” Crowley went on, as though he hadn’t heard Abby’s question. “I tried to buy them off, you know.  The planning department.  A well chosen little ‘gift’ is usually all it takes for them to agree with my position. I’m the head of Future Minerals Mining and Construction, after all.  Did you know that?  And this development . . . well, do you know how much it’s worth?  How long I’ve been working on it?  No?  Well, you wouldn’t, dear princess, would you?  You’re too busy swanning around with my son, playing house.  Not a care in the world! I changed all that, though, didn’t I?”  Crowley threw back his head and laughed bitterly. 
“You’ve been stalking me!” Abby cried. “How dare you! We haven’t done anything to you! My dad’s worked harder for this than you ever will!”
“Who gives a damn!” Crowley’s voice was choking with rage.  He swerved the car violently.  Abby was thrown against the door.  “What better way to keep Gordon May occupied than to threaten what’s most precious to him? His darling little girl!” 
“It didn’t work!” Abby yelled.  “You don’t scare my dad! And you don’t scare ME!” Abby didn’t want Eric Crowley to think for one moment that she was the least bit scared, even though she was actually terrified.
“You know, the town planners are pretty impressed with your dear old dad,” he murmured calmly, before exploding again into rage. “I nearly had you!  I was so close!  If my car hadn’t swerved in that puddle on the road . . . you’d be dead!  And everyone would have thought it was an accident!  I know what happened to your mother!  How she died!  Gordon May would have packed up and left!” 
“You evil man!” Abby cried.  She could feel the tears sliding down her checks.  “As soon as my dad knows I’m missing he’ll go straight to the police and they’ll catch you!”
Crowley didn’t respond.  He was muttering under his breath.  It’s as though he’s having this conversation with himself, Abby thought.  He’s mad! 
Eric Crowley made a sharp turn and continued driving.  They were climbing in a series of increasingly-sharp, hairpin turns.
Abby tried to spot any familiar landmarks, anything she could recognize that might give her a clue as to where they were going. 
Suddenly water came into view.  It was not the familiar sea of Pleasant Bay, but a huge rolling ocean.  The road grew even steeper.  Crowley was zooming around the corners with increasing speed.  
He’s going to kill us both! Abby thought, horrified. 
The car growled up one last steep incline and she could see the end of the road. 
They were heading straight for the cliff! 
Abby covered her eyes and screamed. 
But Eric Crowley didn’t drive off the cliff.  He stopped at the edge.  Just a few feet from a sheer, fifty foot drop into the ocean.  He got out of the car without a word.  Abby realized then what he was going to do.  He was going to throw her over the edge! 
She had to act fast.  The car’s engine was still running.  As Crowley turned to open her door, Abby shot forward.  She maneuvered herself into the driver’s seat and grabbed hold of the wheel. Pain shot through her right arm. 
Crowley spun around in a rage, his hand reaching in through the door to grab her.  He yanked her by the hair and tried to drag her out of the car.  Abby gripped the steering wheel harder and shifted her foot to find the accelerator.  She needed to release the parking brake.  There was only one chance to get it off before Crowley pulled her through the window.  The pain in her head was unbearable.  
Abby suddenly screamed as loud as she could and at the same time reached with one hand for the parking brake and released it.  She slammed her foot down on the accelerator. Abby turned the steering wheel sharply as the car shot forward.  She aimed it toward a huge boulder.  
Abby heard a blood-curdling scream.  She closed her eyes seconds before the impact.  The airbag activated as the car crashed into the boulder and then lurched backwards with the momentum of the force.  Abby was thrown back against the seat, hearing the sound of smashing glass before blacking out. 




Chapter Twenty-One

Sunlight streamed through the window.  Mark Crowley was standing with Abby by her locker.  He was going to give her a ride home.  Enjoy your stay a voice said.  Enjoy your stay in Pleasant Bay! 
“But I’m not going anywhere.”  Abby was trying to talk.  “I want to stay here.”  She turned to speak to Mark but James Merritt was standing by her locker instead.  His brown eyes where lit up by his smile when she saw him. 
 “Don’t worry, Abby,” a voice said, softly.  “You’re safe now.  You’re going to be okay.”  
Abby slowly came awake and looked around her at the smooth white walls of the room.  She was in a hospital.  She’d been having a dream of being back at school.  
Gordon May was sitting by the bed.  He looked relieved to see Abby awake.
Abby’s whole body ached.  She couldn’t move.  Then suddenly, it came back to her:  Eric Crowley. The car. The cliff.
“What happened?” she murmured.  “Eric Crowley . . . he was chasing me . . . .”
Gordon May held her hand.  “It’s okay, Honey.  The police have arrested him.  I’m so sorry, Abby.  I had no idea he was after you.  We couldn’t find you.  I spoke to Hannah and she told me that you thought someone might be stalking you.”  Gordon May shook his head sadly.
 “What happened? All I remember is the car … the edge of the cliff … Crowley was dragging me out of the car –”
“You drove the car into a boulder.  Thank god you did.  Who knows what could have happened . . . . Crowley’s foot was crushed as the car went forward.  A tourist on the way to the lookout heard screaming, and then the crash and went to investigate.  When he saw what had happened, he called the paramedics and the police.  You were unconscious when they arrived.”  Gordon May paused and looked down at his hands.
“The police want to talk to you but don’t worry about that now.  What matters now is that you’re safe.  The doctor said you’re going to make a full recovery.”  
Gordon May smiled through fresh tears. “Are you in much pain?” he asked.
“Everything’s aching, but mainly my arm. And my head.”
  “I’ll call for a nurse,” her dad said, pressing the call button.   
A cheerful nurse entered the room and ran some tests.  He adjusted the drip in Abby’s arm and told her the doctor would be in soon.
Gordon May handed Abby a small plastic cup and helped her drink some water.  
There was a gentle knock on the door.  Abby was expecting the doctor but when she looked up she was surprised to see James standing in the doorway. 
“Hi Abby,” he said.
Dark circles shadowed his eyes.  There was stubble on his chin and his hair was greasy and tangled. 
“Hello, James,” her dad said. 
Abby looked questioningly at her father as James took a step into the room.
“James has come by a couple of times, but you were sleeping,” Abby’s father said by way of explanation. “We’ve had time to introduce ourselves and get acquainted.”
Gordon May stood up.  He offered James the chair he’d been sitting in and left to find another one. 
James sat down and looked over at Abby.  He ran his hand through his hair. 
“Are you up to having visitors? Please say if you’re not; I can come back later.”
Abby didn’t feel ready for visitors but she didn’t want him to go. 
“No, it’s okay.  Stay.  At least for a little while,” she said. 
“Abby, I’m so sorry.  I thought Crowley might be dangerous but I never thought . . . I never thought for a moment he’d do something like this . . . .” 
“You knew?  But how . . . ?” Abby was confused. 
“I didn’t know for sure.  Mark and I have been friends since grade school.  I’ve known the Crowleys a long time.  Mark’s told me some stuff over the years.  About his dad.  Eric Crowley can be really sly, especially when it comes to money.  A couple of months ago Mark told me that their family was in some kind of financial trouble.  He didn’t say what, exactly, and I didn’t ask, but I could tell it wasn’t good.”  James looked past Abby and stared out of the window.  The wind gathered some leaves and scattered them around the Bay Hospital courtyard.  
“I knew how much Crowley needed this deal for the resort.  Then when we were at their  place for lunch that day and Crowley said to you, ‘Enjoy your stay,’ I thought it was kind of odd.  There’s always been something a bit strange about the guy,” James said.
“And that was the day you warned me to be careful,” Abby said.
“Right. I had some sort of bad feeling, an intuition.  I don’t know.  And then it went all around the school that you’d been hit by a car.  That’s when I really started to worry, but of course it just sounded like an accident.  I wanted to get your number and call, but we had only just met, and I didn’t know for sure.  I didn’t want to freak you out.”
“The day of the accident I saw you and Mark arguing in the parking lot at school,” Abby said.
“You saw us?” James asked, surprised.  He sighed. “Mark was worried about his dad.  He said he seemed strung out and had been acting weird lately.  Really erratic and stuff.  He knew that your dad was the head of a major competitor.  Anyway, I don’t really know how that stupid argument even got started.” James shook his head.  “Mark was upset about his dad and their financial situation.  Plus the fact that I’d been talking to you.”  James smiled shyly. “Mark knew I liked you from the very first night, at the party.” 
“Really?” Abby wasn’t sure what to say.  She blushed and smiled though the pain of her headache.  Dad’s taking a long time with that chair, she thought, still smiling.  He was giving them some privacy. 
“You know, it’s funny. I knew someone was stalking me but I had no idea who it was and –”
“And you thought it might have been me?” James said.
Abby nodded. “Or Mark. I wasn’t sure.”  
James nodded. “Mark’s taking this pretty hard,” he said, somberly. “The whole family is. Mark’s blaming himself for not seeing what his dad was up to.” James shook his head sadly. 
“James, please tell Mark I don’t blame him.  I know that he didn’t know,” Abby said. 
 “I will, Abby.  He’ll be really happy to hear that.”
James moved the chair closer to Abby’s bed. 
“You know, I searched for you both on the internet when I was trying to figure out who was behind all this, but nothing came up –”
“For me? No, it wouldn’t.  I must be about the only person in the world who’s not on social media,” James said, wryly.  “I went to Africa for a year.  I was on exchange in Zambia. I had a simple lifestyle over there.  Since I’ve come home I’ve kept some of those less hectic ways.  I don’t really watch TV all that much and I prefer to read or go hiking or actually hang out with people face to face.”
Abby nodded; she often felt the same way.  
“Anyway, there’ll be plenty of time to tell you all about Africa once you’re out of here and feeling better. That is . . . if you would like to hear about it. ” 
“Well sure.  But how do you know I haven’t been there?” Abby said.
Surprised, James laughed. “Well have you?”  he asked. 
“No,” she said.
He laughed again.  Abby was glad she could make him laugh and lighten the mood a little. 
She smiled and said, “Anyway, is that a promise, to tell me about Africa?” 
“Well sure it is.” James said, his eyes warm. 
Gordon May walked in carrying a large bouquet of flowers. 
“A nurse was on her way with these,” he said, setting them down on a shelf near the bed.
“Read the card, Dad. Who are they from?” 
He read the card.
“They’re from Jess, Chloe and Sarah.  I meant to tell you before that Hannah passed on her best wishes and is going to call you soon.”
Abby breathed in the scent of the flowers. 
“I’ll let you get some rest now.  I’ll come back again soon.” James touched Abby lightly on the hand and stood up to leave. 
“You better,” she murmured, cheekily. “You’ve got an amazing story to tell me about Africa, remember?” Abby smiled through her fatigue. 
“A story about Africa and a story about a girl I’ve met.”  James said, his smile broad. 
Abby’s feelings for James matched the look he had for her in his eyes.
“I can’t wait to hear about her,” she said.
“I hear she’s got a pretty neat dad, too,” Gordon May said. 
James and Abby laughed together. 




 
