
Joan Darcy & the 27th Observer
In the Eye of the Beholder
Patrick Meservier
Book 2 Part 1

By:
Patrick Meservier

Copyright © March 2014 Scribbleworks Publications
Visit our website, Scribbleworks Publications at Google sites
https://sites.google.com/site/scribbleworkspublications/

Distributed from the United States
Available around the world


ISNB #
9781311058409


Smashwords.com's Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1 Somber Definitions
Chapter 2 Benevolent Intentions
Chapter 3 A Deeper Malevolency
Chapter 4 Clyde Savage
Chapter 5 Dirigible from Hell
Chapter 6 The Bad News
Chapter 7 The New Boy
Chapter 8 Napoléon Bonaparte’s Unwitting Role
Chapter 9 The Long Dead Undertaker’s Ancient Secret
Chapter 10 Relying on Dreams in Place of Memories
Chapter 11 In the Eye of the Beholder
Chapter 12 Decoding the Ringlet Cipher
Chapter 13 A Familiar Beginning
Chapter 14 Alwaiss Factor on the Unexpected
Chapter 15 A Memory Untold
Chapter 16 Juxtaposed Letters upon the Ringlet Cipher
Chapter 17 Wearing Miranda’s Shoes for a Day
Chapter 18 The Pregame show
Chapter 19 Memories Only a Good Strike to the Head Will Produce



“When one door closes, another opens. Sometimes it is not what we desire, but certainly it will lead down another path. Be aware, very aware, that the new path will be something quite apart from what we expect. Fate will draw us forward against our will, sometimes kicking and screaming, but forward we will go.”



The 18th Observer

Chapter 1
Somber Definitions


An aged man stepped out of a door into a hallway that led to an elevator. He stopped to look at his distorted reflection in the pane of mottled glass in the door. His outline had a round, thick build due mostly to inactivity over the latter years of his life. Yet he bolstered an excitement that exuded from every pore in in his jovial face. The marks on his nose, left behind from years of the necessity of glasses, shone brightly on his skin. He was very pleased that he would never need them anymore, and wore their marks proudly as a reminder of the benefits of his new position. His expression and energy belied the visage of white hair and wrinkles. The man took hold of his tie to make a last minute adjustment before descending the elevator for a scheduled departure. When the door closed behind him it displayed a designation of the office’s owner. There was no name on the glass per se, nor was there any type of office nomenclature. A lone number had been meticulously painted in an eggshell color upon the glass, 27 was all it said.


“I don’t understand. Why must I attend a funeral of a man that tried to freeze me for a thousand years? I don’t want to go. There are so many things I don’t understand, so many things that make me different from everyone else, so many things I have been made to forget, so many things I want to relearn, so many reasons to be angry...And why am I still alive after three hundred and seventy years?”


On the third floor of an apartment building a young girl lay awake in the early morning hours. The sun still had many hours to consider whether or not to rise. Pressure of the coming events weighed upon her. Joan Anne Darcy looked at the ceiling from her comfortable bed. The blankness of the ceiling became the canvas where her thoughts took form.
She was intimidated by the idea of meeting so many people who knew her, when, without her memory, she wouldn’t remember any of them in return. She was to attend the funeral of a man that had tried to place her in a cryogenic device and freeze her for a thousand years or more. She had only met Lucas Forester a few days before. In her current memory, she had barely known him.
It was said that he was her protector. Everyone wanted him to be remembered as a great man. He had supposedly brought the Trust, an organization that catered to the disabled and was the benefactor of Joan’s continued existence, single handedly into the future. That is to say, into current times. Joan couldn’t help think that they must have been very behind the times if he only brought the Trust into the current decade. “What did it all really mean?”
If Mr. Forester, Number 22, was really a great man, why did he try to bury her into a block of ice? Nothing made sense. And what about the conversation she had with his replacement, Number 27, last night? Talk about blow your mind! A symbiotic relationship between an alien from Solicee and an Autistic person here on Earth and they call themselves Observers? If Number 22 died, wouldn’t the next one be called Number 23?
Joan thought a while, trying to understand what had been implied the night before. Number 22 had died. He was murdered by his own countrymen attempting some kind of coup. But it was his real body that was murdered, on another planet in another dimension. His symbiotic body which resided on Earth died as a result of feeling his companion’s pain. She felt the same pain, because she had tried to save him, but she was strong enough to heal. So... that murder killed two people in two places at the same time. She didn’t understand the science of it all but she knew the pain was very real.
Number 27 was now Number 22’s replacement. He seemed very nice, and open to talking about Joan’s past, something Number 22 had not wanted to do at all. It had been a closely held secret. She wondered how long it would take to learn three hundred plus years of memories. And, why now? Why was it important to begin the process of recovering all her memories? Maybe she had been around Miranda for too long. Her skepticism about what was going on left a knot of fear in her stomach. Worse still, the building scenario seemed to focus explicitly on her. Why was she so important to the Trust and all the other organizations looking for her? She hoped that Number 27 would tell her in time.
Joan entered the kitchen after much procrastination, only to find an overall mood of foreboding, thick and heavy, emanating from the Browns. Today they didn’t wear the same brown coats with wide lapels that they usually wore, with their scarves of red and brown. Instead they were dressed in black turtlenecks tight to the skin and black berets with brown and black checkered scarves.
The Caldwell family, along with Joan sat to eat a light breakfast. No one spoke. The apartment felt like a mausoleum. Normally Mrs. Caldwell got up early to prepare a large breakfast. Today, however, was different. Many Browns littered the apartment. Their somber expressions sought solace in the floor through downtrodden gazes. All stood at ease, a position less than at attention but not strictly causal. Chase Brown had already prepared breakfast. It consisted of coffee, toast, corn flakes for the kids, and corn bread muffins, dry. Milton got up to retrieve the orange juice but was redirected to his seat by another Brown speaking softly. “Orange juice is not appropriate today.”
After Milton’s fussing had been diffused, breakfast commenced quietly. The funeral was not to start for several more hours so they sat quietly at the table waiting. The general feeling in the apartment equated to monks preparing for a test of eternal silence.
The clock could be literally heard to click on the eleven o’clock hour. The elevator dinged as it arrived. Miss Margrette stepped off as the doors opened. She was wearing the same black turtleneck with a red scarf that the Browns we wearing. Clearly Miss Margrette was in charge by the way all the women snapped to attention. Her mouth moved to issues orders but barely a whisper came out. She coughed then repeated her orders. Her whisper became stronger and better heard but still it barely carried the minimum value that could be considered a voice.
“Please escort our guests to the chamber.”
The family proceeded out the front door of the apartment to the parking area. Rain fell hard against their faces. As they were being escorted, each family member wondered why they had not used the tunnel beneath the building. It was safer, out of the elements and quicker. The Browns escorted them down the sidewalk. They were tightly assembled together so no one could see past them, and consequently Joan and the Caldwells couldn’t see out either. Black helicopters circled overhead. Rain fell in sheets carried by a strong wind. Not one Brown shielded her eyes from the weather. They let the sting of the world be the measure of their loss.
Joan entered the glass atrium followed by the Caldwell family. Milton, her boyfriend, whom, upon agreement with his sister, had agreed to stay at arm’s length until she was ready to embrace their relationship, walked behind. Together they followed until they met the precipice of the escalator where they met Novella St. Clair. Everyone stopped.
The entire assemblage of Browns realigned themselves into an inspection line. Miss Margrette broke apart from the group to approach Ms. St. Clair. She saluted with her right hand. In the faintest whisper Miss Margrette addressed her.
“I have delivered the entire assemblage of Browns, the protective unit to Joan Anne Darcy and the Inner Circle for your inspection.”
Miss Margrette saluted once again before standing aside. Novella St. Clair approached the head of the guard, Chase Brown, saluting her. The entire Brown unit jumped to attention. Novella St. Clair bowed her head.
“Let us bow our heads for a moment to remember why we are here.”
Every Brown head was bowed for one minute before Miss St. Clair spoke again.
“Let us descend to the depths of the Earth to pay our last respects to one of our great leaders.”
Today, as a form of fasting, everyone had to descend the steps of their own accord without the convenience of electrical power. As a straight single line they bobbed down one step at a time. In the chamber the throng of Browns took turns, one turning left or right off the last step depending on their position in line, encircling the round chamber. One after another, one turned left, the next turning right. Around they went until the head of the line met the continuing flow entering from the steps. The women sidestepped the line to begin a new line next to them. In the middle of the chamber there was a magnificent casket made of carved stone. The Brown line progressed forward next to the other line until a third row started to follow the circumference of the chamber keeping an equidistant position around the casket. Somewhere in the middle of the line Joan and the Caldwell family emerged from the group. Novella St. Clair, who stood before the casket, waved them forward to her. All was silent except the sound of footsteps on a granite floor. The line of moving Browns made the pattern of a spiral when seen from overhead.
Novella had them all line up before her. When the Brown line had finished their organized arrival they stood at ease facing the casket. A moment of silence ensued before a whistle was heard from the stairs. The women standing at ease at the base of the stairs moved aside in two neat rows to the casket. Miss Margrette stepped off the last step followed by a thin frail man who held a leather-bound book, presumably a Bible. Miss Margrette carried an unusual canister cradled in her two hands, a lanyard folded beside it. It resembled ordinary can of beans without the label showing the striations in the metal around the sides. The gray color was unique. It seemed mottled with some flecks of a darker grey, almost resembling granite.
Novella took a position off to the extreme left of the casket, Miss Margrette the extreme right. The thin man bowed his head to speak. He never introduced himself but spoke in a broken, raspy voice. His age, evidenced by his voice, was much more than what his visage showed. He appeared to be in his sixties, Joan guessed, with thinning white hair. He had a long face with a pointy chin and his body exemplified those same thin attributes. His posture had fallen as well with age and it appeared that just standing was a painful ordeal.
Joan was impressed with the Browns entry into the underground chamber, but she still did not feel like she should be there. The minister or priest or whomever he was slowly recited the ceremony that he knew by heart. Joan didn’t listen. She kept her eyes ahead. She thought about how all the Browns were mourning this great man called “Number 22.”
Lucas Forester was his name but his title was a number. Did they know that Miss Margrette had held a gun on him because he was not treating Joan properly, according to some pre-authorized mission? Were they to mourn a man who had behaved traitorously, just because the Trust had decided to keep it hidden so that their memory of him would not be tarnished? If they knew the truth would they still want to mourn him now? Was she helping to perpetuate the lie?
Miranda stood next to her. She took Joan’s hand and squeezed it. Joan wasn’t sure if she wanted to convey a message, or just say that she was bored. When Miranda squeezed it again Joan tilted her head towards her to whisper. “What?”
“Look at what Miss Margrette is holding.”
Joan used her peripheral vision to focus on Miss Margrette. She had her eyes closed while she held the canister listening to the eulogy. It still looked like a can of beans without a label but she now noticed that it was not metal, it looked textured, like it was made of stone or something. Miranda squeezed Joan’s hand again.
“I think that’s an artifact.”
“I’ll watch it.” Joan replied.
The Minister droned on and on. There was no clock on the wall, but to Joan it felt like they were standing for hours. Finally, when the frail voice stopped for a couple of moments, Joan hoped that he was done but when he opened his book her heart dropped. The Minister pulled out what she first thought was a piece of paper but she quickly realized that it did not resemble a piece of paper at all. It had an unusual shape and texture to it. His fragile grip lost control of it when he made to turn to the casket. It floated to the floor in front of Joan. Joan let go of Miranda’s hand to bend over to pick it up. It felt thin and was cut out in the shape of a fancy push button brass doorbell attached to a refrigerator magnet but thinner. 
It occurred to Joan that it resembled a paper sticker children used to decorate their rooms with but without the stick. She lightly, carefully picked it up off the floor and handed it back to the minister. His shaking hands delicately removed it from Joan’s grip. He turned to the casket placing it on the side facing him. As he let go, Joan’s first instinct was to reach over and grab it before it fell to the floor again as there were no parts of it that that held glue. Amazingly the small paper stayed where he had placed it. The minister pushed the button printed on its surface. The entire top of the casket disappeared exposing the body within.
The entire Caldwell family, including Joan, gasped at what had just happened. The minister pushed the button again. Water quickly filled the space and stopped when appeared to be covering the entire body. Little bits of debris floated to the top swirling in the eddy left behind from the quick fill. The minister pushed the button for a third time before standing back. Two arms pulled out of the stone sides of the casket, rising high above the top before settling over the water, and coming together with a round dais in its center.
Miss Margrette approached the casket now holding the canister. She rearranged it in her hands so it became vertical. She took one of her hands, placing it on the top and turned a lever of some kind. A handle popped out of the top. With her other hand Miss Margrette took the handle to support its weight. She placed it carefully on the dais. The bottom was clear somehow through now visible gaps, and she could inside. In the center a small opalescent bead sat alone in its stone cage.
Novella walked over to the casket as Miss Margrette retreated back to her former position. She bowed to her former commander then pushed the button one more time. The two arms slowly sank until the bead touched the water. Everyone in the chamber bowed their heads.
Joan and the Caldwell family saw everyone else bow their heads before closing their eyes. They looked among themselves to see if any of the others were doing the same. When none were, they hurried to follow the others’ lead. But it was too late. There was a giant flash of blinding blue light which filled every corner of the room, extending up the non-working escalator towards the glass atrium above. The light was so brilliant that it filled the entire neighborhood even though it was the middle of the day. Every eye that had not been closed was instantly blinded. As a natural reaction they drew their hands to their blind eyes just as a tremendous crack split the air.
The sound reverberated around the chamber in an echo that closely resembled what it would be like having a tire iron pushed through one's ear drum. The atrium’s ability to focus energy upward allowed the blast to also travel up the tunnel of the escalator towards the atrium above ground. Inside the room of glass the walls shook before the tremendous energy blew out every pane. Glass shards blew out into the sky. Number 22 had been sent home with the grandeur befitting his station.

Mr. Burnelle sat in front of a wall of glass. The wall was part of a funeral chapel at the Hasblatt cemetery. Alone and unencumbered he waited for a sign that it was time, time to consider returning, time to start his new position, time to reflect on all that happened creating his new position at the OBSVR Foundation. He thought about his new position and what he would now be called, and it would his new title going forward. Would it be difficult to get used to being called Number 27?
As he pondered, a great light lit the sky in the distance. Clouds were lit from the bottom for a change. It was an odd sight to see. Right on the heels of the silent explosion of light, another explosion occurred with a deafening crack. Car alarms sounded out. Moments passed. He waited for a specific sound which would prompt him to rise and begin his day. 
Sirens echoed out in the distance. The bad weather warning system blared its warning to the entire city. His day could now begin. The horn was the signal that one observer had gone on to a better place and another would replace him. Number 27 rose and left the sanctuary walking toward a waiting car. It was time to go back and start his new life.

Joan blinked repeatedly to try to get her eyes to work. Never mind trying to hear anything. When shapes began to come back into focus, she noticed someone sitting on the floor next to her. Slowly her eyes adjusted to recognize that it was Milton. She bent over to help him up. He shouted “What happened?” But the only thing that followed was several replies of “What?” from the group.

Back in the apartment, the Caldwells and Joan sat in the overstuffed chairs in the living area trying to blink away the shadows that still haunted their vision. Novella St. Clair sat before them apologizing.
“We were unaware that the atrium would amplify the effects of the Center Bead.”
“THE WHAT?” Mr. Caldwell shouted in response to Novella’s lips moving.
Novella repeated what she had just said, but it literally fell on deaf ears. After a few attempts she gave up. She returned back to her office, hoping her hearing would return to normal as well.

The couch cushions were comfortable. Joan sat with her adopted family trying to erase shadowy images burned in her mind and tried to ignore the loud ringing in her ears, just as the rest of the family was trying to do. She couldn’t help but think how wonderful it was to have a family, a boyfriend, a sister, and a mother and father too. Despite having an eye and ear problem at the moment, she would not exchange this moment for anything in the world. Having once questioned whether the entire world was without love, because of her time at the orphanage, she now knew her mind's view was skewed. The world was full of love. She just hadn’t been able to see it.
When she had befriended the Caldwell children on her first day of school, she had had no idea that they would turn out to be such a huge part of her life. Like finding gold on the sidewalk by accident because you were knocked down to it from a fight, life presents its gifts in obscure ways. When she had run away, and was living in a hotel across the street from the bus station, she didn’t need to come back. She had wanted to stay away to keep the Caldwells safe. Her transportation to another place had been a mere fifty-five feet away. But she hadn’t been able to leave. Somehow she could never make herself get on the bus she had bought her ticket for. In her heart she knew that danger lay just beneath her past waiting to rear its ugly head but her love for the Caldwells couldn’t keep her away. What was life without love? The feeling of despair, loneliness, and shame at having tossed it away so willingly had made her come back into their lives.
It was clear that the Trust genuinely did want to help and take care of her. But their motives were not so transparent. One thing was clear though, love was not present. She has been made to feel like a precious artifact that was shuffled from place to place, to keep hidden the wonders a secret, even from herself. Number 27 wanted to change all that now. But what had changed? Why would Number 27 be allowed to hand her, on a plate of gold, all of the memories she desired? Was it just some other kind of trick? What did they want from her? What’s the endgame? One thing was for sure, she was going to have to keep her eyes open. No would be allowed to hurt the Caldwells because they were her life now. They were her love, and her reason to live.

Mrs. Caldwell stood and left the room. Number 27 entered off the elevator escorted by Chase Brown. He sat across from the family. Everyone sat forward to try to hear better but Mr. Burnelle waved them back. When they all sat back Mrs. Caldwell returned. Another person from the infirmary stepped off the elevator. She carried a tray of tea cups.
Mr. Burnelle removed from his coat a pad of paper and a pen. On it he wrote, “I have brought a special recipe of tea that will help your hearing and eye problems. Please drink it all.”
The impaired company did as they were told. Their temporary deficiencies started to fade almost immediately. Number 27 waited patiently until he could see their reactions and tell that they would be able to hear more adequately before he started their proper interaction.
“I know that today is full of somber emotions but I have important items to discuss with you. For starters, a decision about your permanent residence has been made. The Trust will not be sending you away to hide on some far away island.”
Mrs. Caldwell looked a little disappointed. Joan had a distant look, but what she was really thinking about was being able to move somewhere where it didn’t snow every day. Lake effect snow had been particularly bad this year and it had left an indelible mark on her psyche. For everyone else, the snow problem was just one bad year among many. For Joan, this was the only year her recollections allowed and all she could see in her mind was endless white precipitation.
Mr. Burnelle continued, “I feel it is important to have you all continue to stay on here. In order for us to continue the work that was started so long ago I feel we need to work together as a team. That being said, we will ensure that many extra precautions are put in place to secure your safety while you are here. But that also means we will need to bring you up to speed on where we are at in finding artifacts.”
The Caldwells all looked confused. Joan still looked distant. Miranda snapped her fingers in front of Joan’s eyes to get her attention. Joan snapped out of her reverie.
“Sorry, what did I miss?”
Number 27 partially repeated his last statement directing his voice towards the children. “We will be employing you here at the OBSVR Foundation. That employment comes with many benefits as well as an excellent wage, but that does not exclude finishing school for you three.”
The look on Milton’s face resembled horror, Miranda was ecstatic, but Joan changed her expression only from distant to being confused.
“But I finished school hundreds of years ago. Why would I need to finish it again?”
“Your memories are repressed. Continuing school is the best and fastest way to recall those distant memories. I seem to remember that you had a vivid recollection of a particular battle while in European studies class. Your memory of the French language also came back not that long ago as well. I honestly believe it was because of being immersed in the subject. Continuing on will lure other important recollections back to the surface.”
Milton had to add his two cents on the matter. “Do you have any idea how far behind we are? We’ll never catch up. Can’t we just start from here and go forward?”
Chase Brown sniggered in the distance. Milton shot her a filthy look.
His mother said “If the idea of doing a little hard work is too much for you we can hold you back until next term and you can redo this entire year?
Milton expressed a shocked look until he gazed over to his girlfriend. “Would Joan think less of him if he had to start the year over again?”
Everyone was staring at him. Miranda laughed out loud in spite of herself. Number 27 clapped his hands as a cue to move forward.
“To make our time more interesting here I will be starting the family in classes every evening or so about the world of Solicee. We will teach you about the life and times of the other dimensional world that will shape our futures.”
Milton looked down to his shoes mumbling under his breath, “Oh great, more school.”
Number 27 went on as though he did not hear him. “And of course Joan, I want to give you concentrated individual classes, to try to accelerate your memory’s ability to repopulate.”
Joan didn’t seem to like what Mr. Burnelle had just said. “I’m not sure that I like the sound of that.” Joan added. “You want me to be alone with you in a special room to teach me things you want only me to hear? Is it in the room with the cryogenic chamber?”
The tension in the room started to rise quickly. Milton and Miranda stood immediately. Their hands were outstretched to halt any idea that Joan would be alone with him. He had not earned the necessary trust to allow that freedom just yet. Chase stepped forward, ready to intervene. Number 27 held up a hand to stop Chase from stepping any closer.
Miranda spoke out. “She will not spend any time alone with you. You must understand the fears that are associated with the last time a numbered individual wanted Joan alone.”
“Yes, I wholly agree, my apologies.” Number 27 bowed to Joan. “Let me just say that there were no hidden intentions or agendas in what I offered. The classes were to occur in my office and you two are more than welcome to come and see for yourself that my intentions are to help. I have nothing to hide. There will be no more lies. In fact I believe that all of you should attend the first class, as it will be important for everyone to understand how we came to be here at this point in time.”
Chase Brown re-established her position off to one side. Tensions started to diffuse. The Caldwell children sat back down. Several moments of silence fell upon the room.
Mr. Caldwell decided to break the silence to ask a question. “What will Lea and I do for work within the Trust?”
Mr. Burnelle was happy to respond. He had a tone of excitement in his voice. “For Lea here, I thought we could have her work in the office of misinformation. There she would contribute to posting articles about Joan all over the world. It is a positive way to hide Joan from her enemies. For you, Frank, I thought you might try out the office of foundation accounting. You might find it very similar to the work you previously did at the IRS. For Milton and Miranda, I thought they might try to work in the Resident Facilities. There is so much to do and you could learn first-hand what Autism really is and what being chosen as an Observer would be like.”
Milton looked over to his mother then to his girlfriend. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. He was going to have a tutor with a whip every day to pressure him until he was caught up in school, then he was going to have classes to learn about the other planet Solicee and their people. On top of that he was going to sit in on classes with Joan about who-knew-what, and after all that he had to go to work in the Resident Facility probably making beds and cleaning bathrooms. His life was over. He shook his head. His prospect of a good childhood seemed over.
Mr. Burnelle studied everyone’s faces. They were all lost in thought. “I think that is all for today. We will start the activities of normalization tomorrow morning at eight o’clock.”
Number 27 bounded out of his seat to the elevator. Chase Brown followed him. After the doors closed behind them everyone’s ideas about the discussion took flight. Milton seemed the most upset about the arrangements. While he complained heavily Miranda noticed a newspaper sitting on the end table. She scoffed it up while no one was looking and took off towards the bathroom. When out of sight she turned into Milton’s room. In it she noticed an article about the warehouse she and Joan had escaped from days ago. She scanned it quickly then immediately left to collect her brother and Joan.
Once they entered Milton’s room Miranda closed the door behind them. “I found a newspaper about the day we escaped from that warehouse sitting out in the living room. There is an article in it I think we should read.”
“There haven’t been any newspapers in the apartment since we arrived here. Where do you think it came from?” Milton asked.
“That’s not important, what the article says is. Listen to this.” Miranda read it aloud.

“Last evening police answered a call to the Sanborn processing warehouse for a report of multiple gunshots being heard. When police and fire departments arrived on the scene they found most of the warehouse missing due to a large scale fire and consequent chemical explosions. It seems apparent that the fire had been raging for quite some time before police arrived.
Reports from reliable sources state that large caliber weapons were heard and that there were helicopters circling overhead. Government agencies firmly denied having any involvement in the area but many citizens heard the gunshots. Police have so far been unable to locate any eyewitnesses to the event. The Fire chief admits that due to the sensitive nature of the chemicals processed in the facility, their igniting could have been mistaken for the sounds of gunfire.
Fire crews worked through the night to contain the chemical fire. A small contingent is still present to continue working the smoldering embers, but the Fire Chief is certain that crews will have the entire site contained by the noon hour.
The only good news related to the destruction of the warehouse is the fact that no one was hurt. The Sanborn processing center was insured. Initial estimates put the company’s losses at over thirty million dollars. Representatives from the company have already stated that they will rebuild. The company, which employed over 100 people, re-distributes chemicals for sale to the auto industry.”

Miranda stopped speaking, but her eyes strained as she continued trying to tell the story further than the words could say. No one else was catching on.
“Oh come on, can’t you see? There is more here than meets the eye here.”
Milton shook his head. “Are you referring to the fact that they are going to rebuild? What’s wrong with that?”
Miranda’s eyes deflated before turning to Joan beseeching to see if she had a similar brain wave as herself.
Joan caught on after a moment. “What happened to all the bodies? I estimate around eighty or so men were in that building.”
Miranda threw her hands into the air. “Thank you! Yes, where did all the bodies go? And most of the warehouse burned?” I’m certain it didn’t take the entire night for the police to show up. The majority of the warehouse should have still been standing.”
They all looked down to the floor to think. Milton spoke first. “Maybe they took all the men to the roof of our building and tossed their bodies into the water?”
Miranda rolled her eyes then stood. “There are days when I wonder if someone swapped you by accident at the hospital and you’re not my real brother.” She turned on the spot and left, disgusted by his lame idea, her hair whipping around her head to catch up with her sudden movement.



Chapter 2 
Benevolent Intentions


A cool morning chill set itself down on the residents of Pontiac, Michigan. It was a freezing fog that deposited a heavy frost on all of the cars parked on the side of the road, and felt raw against the skin. Reid Alwaiss ran into the Central High School from the bus. He certainly felt chilled. He was on a singular mission this morning. It had all started with an early morning bathroom run but had ended up as a lost-in-thought session about a one person. Thinking about this person ensured that he stayed awake through the rest of the early morning hours.
Reid had not seen her in a long time, the only person who had noticed him among the thousands of kids at Central High. His insignificant presence left behind ethereal eddies in the school halls. So slight was his existence that even the bullies walked passed him on most days. Somehow, through an accidental meeting, she had seen his invisible body, the only girl to ever do so. She had even thanked him with a kiss after he gave her the gift of warm clothes on a cold, wet day... And there it was. This infatuation with a beautiful girl that had not only paid him an interest beyond passing but had thanked him with soft lips, soft black hair and a fire that finally torched his prior insignificant inner kindling.
Yes that fire burned in him. It felt hot like the sun and was to consume him soon. He needed to find out why she no longer attended school. He needed to find her to tell her that his infatuation was more than puppy love. The burning sun in his chest told him that love was building. He needed to see her again. He had many things to say, many things to share.
Reid approached the secretary’s desk. There was the typical line of students waiting for one thing or another, needing passes to leave early or to see the nurse. There was one boy who had lost a shoe the previous day and was still searching for it. How does one leave school without two shoes? Reid could only shake his head as he thought, “Must be a freshman.”
When it was finally his turn he suddenly became nervous about asking such a personal question.
The secretary looked at him over her glasses, waiting, with one of those facial expressions that said that she was bored from listening to such ridiculous blather and the time he was wasting. “Are you going to say anything? I haven’t got all day you know.”
Reid looked behind him to see that there were many more students waiting to speak to the same woman in front of him. As he turned back to look at her he noticed the name placard on the counter next to her. It said Edith Walters.
“Ah, yes... Um… I do have a question Miss Walters. Um... I was looking for...”
The principal walked into the secretary’s office area to speak to someone behind a different desk working at a computer.
Reid feigned a coughed to cover up his inability to speak properly. “Yes, I... I came today to ask if Joan Darcy was very sick... to not be in school I mean.”
Mr. Fords, the principal, heard the name over his shoulder and turned to see who was asking. He squinted at Reid before he approached him. “Are you asking about Joan Anne Darcy?”
Reid nodded, too afraid to speak to the principal.
Mr. Fords, however, smiled. Not just a regular smile or a “That was a cute joke” kind of smile, it was a malicious evil villain kind of smile, as if he had just succeeded in bringing his Frankenstein to life and was holding back his mirthless cackling so that he could speak.
“I am so glad to say that Joan Anne Darcy will no longer walk these halls. She was transferred out yesterday. She will be starting at Northern High in two weeks.” Mr. Fords almost jumped for joy in front of everyone.
Many stunned faces stared back at him. When he realized his error in judgment he quickly wiped the smile from his face.
The woman sitting at the computer next to him cried out as if she was in pain. “We can’t win the basketball title without Joan.” She let her head drop until it hit the desk with a thud.
Everyone turned toward her. Reid took that opportunity to turn away quickly and leave so that no one would remember him being there. His emotional pain was about to overcome him and a quiet bathroom was where he needed to be.

At breakfast the next day an air of excitement filled the room. The normal Brown contingent was standing around the apartment. Mrs. Caldwell was serving up breakfast. Everyone had already accomplished their morning routines to prepare for the day. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell were dressed to go to work, and the children were wearing clothes that were presentable enough to go to school even though they weren’t planning to leave the apartment. There was much chatter about the possibilities of having new jobs and learning new things. The Browns took no notice of the conversation. Mrs. Caldwell seemed the most excited. She had not had a new job, outside the home of course, since before the children were born. Mr. Caldwell was excited to see the inner financials of the Trust, and Joan and Miranda were excited to be learning new things.
Milton, however, was withdrawn and uninterested in the excitement around him. He knew deep down that his coming days were going to be miserable with all the tutored learning he was about to endure, plus going to a class for Joan then working at the Resident Facility. The thought of bed pans made him want to puke.
The elevator dinged when they were mostly finished with their meal. Miss Margrette stepped off with a man and a woman in tow. Miss Margrette had a big smile on her face. She too was now back to work.
The people with her were the new tutors. The first was a woman who looked like she had been born in her late fifties. Her face was long with a pleasant smile and a crooked nose which held a set of glasses that might have been popular in the sixties. From the ends of the frames, at each temple, a light chain hung down around her neck. Her brown hair was up in a tight bun. She wore an old fashioned styled dress with pumps that matched.
The other tutor was a relatively young man that stood tall and had handsome features. He too had brown hair but his was cut in a more modern style that was short with some gel brushed through it. He had a button down shirt and a tie. His pleated pants were khaki in color with an expensive looking set of brown shoes on his feet.
Miss Margrette stopped at the kitchen table and introduced the new guests. When she started to speak her voice seemed non-existent. She coughed, and tried again. This time a soft tone, slightly higher than a whisper, escaped her lips.
“I present to you Miss Tangeer and Mr. Bilstien. They are here to fill the roles of the children’s tutors.”
Milton’s demeanor perked up a little, a young male teacher whom he might be able to gain a decent connection with. “Maybe this tutor thing might not be so bad,” he thought to himself. Milton was sure that the other tutor would be for the girls.
Miss Margrette continued on with her introductions. “Since we would be starting right after breakfast I thought I would introduce them to everyone before we went our different ways.”
Mr. Caldwell stood away from the table. “Am I to assume that you are here to walk us to our jobs as well?”
“I am indeed. You must be so excited.”
Mrs. Caldwell spoke right up. “You have no idea. It’s my first real opportunity to leave the workings of the house behind to do something really productive.”
Mr. Caldwell followed up with. “You really have no idea. I don’t think she slept a wink all night.”
Some light laughter followed. Mrs. Caldwell quickly cleared the table setting everything in the sink. Milton still had a spoon full of oatmeal in his hand when his bowl was dispatched to the sink with the other dishes. He clearly had not finished yet, but it looked like he was done now regardless of his opinion. Miranda sniggered at his surprised expression. Miss Margrette started to leave with Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell absentmindedly before she realized that she had forgotten something. She turned back to the children to address them.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I almost forgot. Miss Tangeer will be giving assignments to Milton, and Mr. Bilstien will be working with the girls. They have your entire assignment portfolio in preparation to catch you up before you start school in two weeks. Please give them your full attention and they will give you enough information to cruise through the rest of the school year.”
When Milton heard what Miss Margrette had said his face fell, the spoon in his hand lowered. The girl’s expressions brightened opposite to Milton’s. When he heard that they had to catch up in two weeks the spoon fell out of his hand. Both girls laughed. Miss Margrette turned away to rejoin the parents. Together the three of them walked into the open elevator without even saying good-bye.
Mr. Bilstien opened both his hands invitingly. “So where can we go to get started?”
“We can work over in the computer room.” Miranda offered as she led the way out of the kitchen.
Joan followed smiling as she looked back to her boyfriend. The invitation into the computer room was the straw that broke the camel’s back. Milton stammered incoherent jabbering’s of the word “but” over and over. In his mind he thought no down time, no computer availability, and too much work. His life was over as he knew it.
After everyone else had gone, Milton was alone with Miss Tangeer. She pulled up a chair and smiled. She felt for Milton.
“I have two boys of my own and I have had to tutor them a time or two. I know how you must feel. They seemed completely overwhelmed at first every time I had to start a new session with them. You know, when their grades were not up to snuff.”
“You mean, when they were failing?” Milton’s expression brightened.
“No”, she said firmly, “When they were getting B’s. You must understand, they are doctors now, so it was important that they received top marks in every subject.”
Milton’s heart sank again. “Great, I can’t even shoot for a C,” he thought to himself, “I’m so dead.”
“Here’s the portfolio of work that you need to catch up on. I think you will find that we have plenty of time if we work together diligently.” Miss Tangeer added.
Milton opened the leather portfolio. Inside one piece of paper lay exposed.
“When we are done there will be more paper inside and each will reflect all of the work you have done. You will present it to the assistant Principal on your first day of school.”
Reading the contents of the work laid out made him wince. He wondered if passing out would help convey the appropriate message of being completely overwhelmed. He had to read three novels, study one hundred pages in a math book which included seven quizzes and two tests. Three book reports had to be written, one for each novel. One essay needed to written in history on a whole segment of World War II. Biology was a great science, he had loved it all along but what was outlined for him seemed so preposterous that even a doctor couldn’t finish it in the time allowed. Hopelessly he searched for a recess on the paper somewhere so he could go outside and scream from time to time. From the other room he heard laughter from the girls. His hair stood on end.
Milton looked back up to Miss Tangeer. “Three novels, plus all of this work? I can’t read that much in a semester!”
Miss Tangeer laughed. “They all say that at first. You’ll be surprised how much work we can do. I’m willing to bet that we will be done in less than two weeks.”
“If we work twenty hours or more a day...” Milton said sarcastically.
“We will manage well enough in eight hours, wait and see.”
“Eight! When will I have time to relax?”
“That’s what you do when you sleep at night.”
Milton dropped his head onto the table with a resounding thud.

At ten o’clock Miranda and Joan came out of seclusion. In the kitchen they were taking a break with a small snack. On the breakfast island where Milton had been working, piles of papers were strewn about and several books lay open. One was a novel in front of him, “Different Seasons” by Stephen King. Instead of reading, he was actively folding some paper instead. Miss Tangeer was nowhere in sight.
Miranda spoke out in a sarcastic tone. “Where’s your tutor, Miss Tangeer? Did you scare her away?”
“She’s out making a call. I guess they can’t use cell phones here, not secure enough, I guess.”
“What are you doing?” Miranda asked. “Are you reading a book on origami?”
“Ha, ha, no. I’m trying to learn how Joan did the paper airplane trick back at the warehouse.”
“Really... You don’t have enough work to do in front of you? I don’t know about you but our work load is pretty heavy. I wouldn’t want to add to it, besides you’ll never learn how to do that properly unless Joan teaches you...”
Milton laughed out before his retort. “Really, with all that laughing I heard, sounded like you were having a great time with Mr. Bilstien.” His voice dripped sarcasm.
Joan sat on the couch listening to Miranda, and her brother, argue. She had a strange feeling in the back of her mind. An image of her brother sprang into being. She had been told that she was an only child, that this boy she remembered was really the son of the family that had taken her in for the Trust. But her feelings were so strong about Rene. In her heart he was her brother. Did they argue or fight like Minton and Miranda? Why did she feel that way about this kid she had known all those years ago? So many questions... She almost couldn’t wait to regain her memories.

“I think you’re supposed to be reading, not playing with that paper airplane.” Miranda spat out, sounding like her mother.
Miss Tangeer walked into the apartment off the elevator. Joan didn’t remember hearing the sound of its arrival. She must have been too deep in thought.
Miranda stood from her stool to finish venting toward Milton, but all she said was “Okay, break’s over.” as she saw Miss Tangeer walk in.
Mr. Bilstien walked out to collect the girls just after Miss Tangeer approached. Joan and Miranda turned to follow their teacher out. He didn’t have to say a word. It showed how much dedication the girls had to learning as opposed to Milton.
Joan walked past Milton. She bent over to kiss him but didn’t follow through. Instead she spoke in his ear. “I know you want to learn about the airplane trick, you shouldn’t try to teach yourself, you’ll do it all wrong.”
“But see I made one on my own already.”
“Yes and it’s already all wrong. You must consider the payload before folding the paper.”
Milton slumped in his chair.
“I’ll show you how later. Focus on reading or whatever it is you’re supposed to be doing.”
Joan kissed him on the cheek. After she turned to go Milton looked at his creation trying to see what was wrong with it. He knew how to make paper airplanes so this should work just fine. He tossed it away toward the couch to see if it worked. It flew straight for a second then turned downward to the floor crunching the nose on impact.
Miss Tangeer watched it fly. “How cute” she said afterwards.
Milton’s stomach sunk even further. It wasn’t supposed to be cute, it was a weapon.

After classes were done for the day all of the kids met in the living area and sat on the couch to relax. Milton turned on the television.
Joan turned to Milton. “How was your day with Miss Tangeer?”
“Did you mean to ask if I almost died from all the school work, then yes? I have to read three novels plus one hundred pages in math...”
Miranda laughed. “We don’t have any less work in case you were wondering, thanks for asking by the way.”
“Then why do we have separate teachers?”
“Because silly, we are learning a different year’s curriculum.” Joan responded.
“Well I don’t like it one bit. It’s too much work all at once.”
Milton stretched his arms like he was getting ready for some serious relaxing when Miss Margrette came in off the elevator. The bell hadn’t wrung again. Miss Margrette’s approach had been virtually silent across the thick pile of the carpet and almost invisible due to the odd angle of the couch. Joan saw her out of the corner of her eye. Was she the only one to notice the lack of noise? She was about to mention it when they were told to follow Miss Margrette out of the building. Milton hung his head. He had known this was going to happen. They were off to start their new jobs. Joan had no place to be so she followed along. Her appointment was not until later with Mr. Burnelle.
The Resident Facilities looked like any other dormitory type of building. There was the normal entrance area where people could take off their coats, a set of glass locked doors to the main hallway, and a security glass window on the left that allowed the guards ample opportunity to talk to the visitors. Miss Margrette escorted them in. The guard buzzed them in without asking for anything as though they were expected. She walked them over to the head administrator of the building. During their trip across the building they noticed nothing out of the ordinary in the style of architecture, although it did lend itself to depressing thoughts in Milton’s mind.
In the administrator’s office there were papers to be filled out and passes on lanyards to distribute to each Caldwell child. Joan ended up with a visitor’s pass. The administrator’s name was Ophelia Bratton. She was a short, black woman. Though she didn’t mention her heritage she exemplified pride by walking tall, speaking optimistically in a clear concise southern accent and dressing in a professional suit under her white lab coat. Miss Margrette excused herself, leaving them with Ms. Bratton. After leaving the office they walked down a long depressing hall towards a large room were noise emanated from. Together they moved into the common room where patients were still occupying many of the chairs.
It became apparent that there were many patients that lived in this facility based on the number of men and women seated in this room. Joan couldn’t help wonder how many more institutions housed Autistic patients around the country. There were that many Autistic individuals in this area? Joan couldn’t help wonder. Was the OBSVR Foundation truly a benefactor of mankind by helping these incurable individuals, or were they just housing them to find the next observer? She remembered clearly Mr. Burnelle, less than a month ago, stating “Number 27” over and over again. And now he was the next Observer, Number 27. Perhaps it was too early to tell if this was just a place to collect all the most severely affected patients. Somehow Joan felt that this place was a way to search for the next person to be next symbiotic host, maybe not. It all looked innocent enough. Even still, she harbored many misgivings about the Trust, especially since there was still a cryogenic unit in the antechamber with her name on it.
Ms. Bratton walked the three children to a table where one nurse was working with two patients. “Your job today will be to interact with these two patients. Nurse Atylie will guide you on how best to approach these interactions. Dinner will be arriving soon and you will help them with their food. Nurse Atylie, they are all yours.”
Ms. Bratton walked away without waiting to for any questions to be asked. Nurse Atylie turned to them and smiled. Her smile seemed to emanate from a very deep spot in her heart. She was on the chunky side and was wearing light green hospital scrubs. Her shoulder length brown hair had a shine to it and she had brown eyes to match. They were kind eyes, inviting and patient, qualities one would like to see in any nurse.
“I’m glad to see that we are finally getting some interns to work here. We’re a little short handed you know.”
Milton only had bed pans on his mind but he didn’t bring it up as to give away any ideas.
Miranda on the other hand seemed interested in what had to be done. “So, what are we supposed to be doing here as interns?”
“As interns, I expect you are supposed to do whatever is asked, like cleaning bed pans.”
Milton stood up to walk away. Joan grabbed his shirt and dragged him back smiling the whole time.
Nurse Atylie laughed out loud. “Those words usually start most interns towards the door. I’m glad you three decided to stay.”
“I’m not staying!” Milton shot back.
Joan stood and pushed Milton back into his seat.
“I’m just having a little fun with you. I already received instructions on what you are supposed to be learning and bed pans are not among the tasks to be assigned.”
Milton took a huge breath and exhaled it slowly. “Good.”
“Now sit and do what you’re told.” Joan said softly to Milton.
“What I need you guys to do is just help out with small functions. For instance you will be trying to get Diegel here to tell you what he is watching on the television. He is one that does not respond very often but when he does it is usually important. Sometimes it has to do with how he’s feeling or to something very specific on the program he is watching. We write everything down. For Ernie, he doesn’t watch television, but he listens.
We paired them up this way because we receive different information from the same program and it’s all important. If either responds you must write what they say including what time it is, what channel is on the television, and what is going on specifically in the program at that particular moment. That’s so important because without that we will not have any reference to match what was said. Having more than one person here helps with information gathering.
“There are many different types of Autism. We try to work with only the worst cases. They give us very important clues about what is going on when they can reference their needs to something else. Sometimes it’s a puzzle, sometimes it’s very clear.”
Diegel was sitting quietly with his hands on lap, one folded over the other. His gaze was unnerving because he rarely blinked. His round face showed a protuberant set of eyes issuing a penetrating stare that burrowed deep into the television program. He looked about forty five years old with messy brown hair. His was wearing a green robe with maroon cabling. The socks he wore were brilliantly white, but there were no shoes or sandals on his feet. Joan thought that if he tried to run away his white socks would give his position away easily.
Ernie, on the other hand, wore a baseball cap that said Veteran across the front. He looked much younger but with a permanent bow to his neck from looking down for so long. He had a pink robe on with no socks and a set of Tevo sandals. Each of the men’s builds was about the same, thin as if they had too little to eat.
Miranda started to ask a question about why the information was important but as if on cue Ernie started speaking. Joan grabbed a pencil and started writing. The old television program “The Honeymooners” was playing on the cable channel TV Land. Joan took all the information about the program, the time, and what was said. 
Milton took another pencil to write down what Ernie was saying. Miranda stared closely into his eyes repeating what was said in a louder clearer tone.

“Ralph says to Norton; ‘From here on in, we are deadly enemies. I don’t want to talk to you, I don’t want to see you, I don’t want to have nothing to do with you. If you see me coming down the street, get on the other side.’
Norton replies; ‘When you come down the street, there AIN’T no other side!’”

Ernie was suddenly quiet. Everyone just looked at him, waiting, to see what would happen next. But it was Diegel that started speaking next. Everyone continued their part of collecting information. 

“The costumed actor is getting ready to make his move. He wants to look the part but it’s ridiculous to think that his costume is correct. He hopes he doesn’t drop his denaturizer.”


“How do you spell denaturizer? Quick!” Milton asked hurriedly.
“I don’t know, make it up!” Miranda responded quickly.
Joan stopped writing before Milton. She looked up to the two patients. They fell back into their normal state of sitting, staring to either the television or to the floor.
“Does this happen often?” Joan asked of Nurse Atylie.
“As I said before they hardly ever speak. I mostly get grunts and groans but you guys are great, everyone knew what to do when it was time. You make a great team.”
Miranda blushed a little. Milton sat a little taller. Joan continued to look at Ernie.
Atylie gave a wry smile. “Is there something wrong?”
“Well, I’m just wondering what any of this means? I mean why write it down?”
“We are told that everything they say is important. It may lead to another clue on how to cure them in the future. Communication is so important to those who almost never speak. They will be the ones that will give us the right information to find the cure. We all desperately want to see them to become normal.”
“What about Mr. Burnelle? He was cured literally overnight. How was that achieved?”
Atylie paused, thinking. “I don’t have the answer to those questions. Miracles happen every day. He is a true miracle in every sense of the word. One day he was saying the number twenty seven every day for years, then he was up and walking around like there was nothing wrong with him. He didn’t even need his glasses anymore.”
“Don’t you think it’s odd that he now works for the Trust?” Miranda added knowing where Joan was heading.  “I mean he holds a high position for someone who couldn’t tie his own shoe a week ago.”
“I don’t judge. He already had special qualities before the miracle happened. It is possible that he had all these qualities all along and once he woke up they all fell into place. I know that he is very happy to be cured. He comes in every day to talk to the patients. Mr. Forester never did that. He was kind of mean really. I didn’t like to see him around.”
Ms. Bratton walked up in an instant. No one had seen her approaching. “I think our first lesson is at an end for today. Please follow me to my office so we can talk. Atylie, dinner will be here soon, you know what to do.”
Again, without waiting for any questions to be asked she turned on the spot to lead Milton, Miranda and Joan away. Moments later they all filed into her office before she directed them to the seats in front of her desk. Joan remembered that there had been only two seats before when papers needed to be signed, but now there were three. This reminded her of being sent to the principal’s office.
“Please take a seat.”
After everyone one was seated, she could see that Milton and Joan still held onto the information they took from Ernie and Diegel. She held out her hand.
“I’ll take those, thank you.”
She collected the papers and put them into the top draw of her desk, locking it afterwards. Joan and Miranda looked at each other. Milton still had a scowl on his face, and missed the important moment that had just passed. Ms. Bratton started her report.
“I can see that it only took a few moments for our patients to speak after you arrived. It is rare that they utter one word in a day. But I must ask you why you found it necessary to ask specific questions about Mr. Burnelle?”
The three looked at each other but it was Joan who answered. “I have some trust issues with any individual who is also known as a number. I was curious about the transformation from pin cushion to brilliant director of operations.”
The sarcastic tone in Joan’s voice made Milton pay attention and Miranda shy away, embarrassed by the comment.
Ms. Bratton’s chest puffed up at the indignation. “I take your aggression to be in reference to the device that lies in the underground tunnel waiting to be used. Yes, I know all about that, and yes, I know about the circumstances that led to number 22’s demise. But you need to understand that those events are on a need to know basis. Nobody other than the inner circle and the highest echelon of the Foundation know about those events. Questioning my staff will not gain you any answers. All it will do is undermine our work here.”
“What I’m concerned about is how Mr. Burnelle became the next number. Why was he chosen? What does he have to do with me? You know, so I can figure out if I can trust him?” Joan spat out. She discovered that she was shaking now and her voice cracked on the word “Him.”
Milton took Joan’s hand, but she pulled it back. She had some steam under her collar and holding his hand would not make things any more comfortable. Talking about this right now seemed right, even if it didn’t produce any results. It was obvious to her that being asked to be alone with number 27 was not something she thought she could do. Even though there would be others in the room, she still had a hard time being comfortable with it. After all, she had been with the entire family the first time, and the male guards had still managed to wrestle her into the chamber. She had to admit to herself that she was afraid, and that having family nearby was no guarantee of her protection.
Ms. Bratton said nothing but stared at Joan. Miranda looked back and forth between them wondering what was going on in the unspoken moments. She couldn’t help but see something in her friend’s eyes. Joan looked like was going to bolt. Her fear truly looked deep, psychological and hardwired but she was usually so strong and brave. Miranda knew firsthand at how unafraid she really was. But she couldn’t see inside of her friend as she was going through this emotional torture. What kind of psychological event in the past caused her to become this way?
Joan put both her hands on the chair’s arm rests. Miranda put her hand on her shoulder.
“It’s okay. We don’t think we have to leave this second. Ms. Bratton, I think what Joan is really asking is how Mr. Burnelle was considered to be an Observer? Is that something that you play a role in determining here at this facility?”
Ms. Bratton let down her guard a little. Joan too, looked to be relaxing a bit too.
“My job here is to operate this facility above the highest standards in the industry. We are observed frequently by the government and we must pass every test with flying colors. The things we do here are in the best interest of each patient. What we record from each patient is carried off to some other institute for further study.” Ms. Bratton indicated to the papers locked in her top drawer. “To answer the question about playing a role in the choice to make Mr. Burnelle Number 27, we did nothing more than treat him like everyone else. Those decisions are ten times above my pay grade. Is he worthy of the position, I think he might be, but only time will tell. Can you trust him? Well, I think only you can make those decisions in the end, if you first give him that chance.”
Joan was nodding her head. She looked calmer now, and was holding the hands of her best friends, Milton on one side and Miranda on the other.
Ms. Bratton stood and walked them to the door.
“You are welcome here to do the work prescribed but let it be understood, I run the facility in the best interest of the patients, not in yours Miss Darcy.”
They all nodded their heads.
“Good, I’ll see you here tomorrow when you’re done classes.” Ms. Bratton said as she closed the door to her office suddenly leaving them all outside ending her interaction with them. It was certainly a wakeup call to have all of them treated like normal, not inner circle individuals. The abruptness of it all was almost refreshing, especially to Joan. Here was a person who would not bow down to whatever Joan represented to the Trust. Joan’s recognition of her position skyrocketed and felt that trust in her was already greater than that of Number 27. She hoped she could trust the top man in the end.
Milton piped up after the dismissal. “Since we are out early, why don’t we head back, have a snack and hang out or something. I mean we are out a little earlier than expected.”
“Good idea, you know, before we start off to the next class.” Miranda said.
“I’m in the mood for ice cream.” Milton returned.
Milton took Joan’s hand to lead the way to the escalator back to the apartment. Joan gave him a kiss before they left.
As they approached the exit Miranda remembered that she had left something behind where they were working with Diegel and Ernie. “I’ll be back.” Miranda said as she ran off.
She ran all the way back to the common room here they were earlier. She saw Nurse Atylie feeding Ernie and Diegel. Diegel was shaking his head, not to get away from his food but in order to keep his eyes transfixed on the television the entire time. The nurse was blocking his view.
Miranda walked up to the table pretending to look for something she lost. “Did you happen to see my bracelet? I thought I left it here somewhere.”
Nurse Atylie looked around her. “Why no, I don’t believe I saw it. I’ve been here the whole time.”
“Okay, thanks.” Miranda said before turning to go. But she turned back to ask another question. “What happens to all of the documents that have the patient’s comments written on them?”
“I’m pretty sure they go to some research facility somewhere to be analyzed. I heard it was someplace in Arizona.”
“Thanks.”
Miranda smiled then left. She was now sure that Ms. Bratton was telling the truth. She didn’t want to see Joan hurt again later. As she headed to the door she saw a young man walking into the common room. He was pushing a low wheeled cart full of laundry. He stopped what he was doing and held open one side of the double swinging doors, he just passed through, for her. Miranda slowed to look at him full in the face.
He was about nineteen years old with blond hair. His build suggested that he worked out in a gym or that he did much manual labor. He had piercing blue eyes. She didn’t see much of anything else. She couldn’t look away from his eyes. She kept walking towards the door while staring into them. He smiled at her, she smiled back... she really smiled back then she walked into the still closed side of the double swinging door. The young man winced at the pain she must have felt. The door swung out from the strike, Miranda immediately stopped to grab her nose. The door swung closed again and hit her in the forehead which caused her head to kick back away from the weight of the door. Miranda pulled her hand away from her face and saw blood. She ran off embarrassed without even asking the young man his name.

As Miranda walked into the apartment off the elevator she saw that the others had already scooped ice cream into bowls. She bowed her head to allow her brown hair to cover part of her bleeding nose but it didn’t work. Joan noticed immediately that Miranda had blood on her face.
“Oh my God! What happened?”
“It’s nothing, I just walked into a...” Miranda gave a long pause. “It’s nothing. I’ll be fine.”
“Really, you need to tell me. If I have to pound someone for hurting you I need to know who it is.” Joan bit back harshly. She was preparing to run and take care of business.
Miranda took a deep breath trying to decide if was worth embarrassing herself but decided on the truth as she didn’t want someone to get hurt by Joan over her lack of better judgment in the walking and staring department.
“I walked into a door, that’s all. I didn’t want to mention it because it was embarrassing.”
Milton started to laugh out loud. Miranda took some tissues too try to stop the bleeding. Milton cut his laughter back to ask the next question.
“So, what did you leave behind with Ernie and what’s his name?”
“My dignity.” Miranda spat back.
While the talk about the embarrassing moment progressed, Miss Margrette arrived via the elevator. Again, it did not signal upon its arrival. She walked off then and proceeded to her destination. When she heard the kid’s voices in the kitchen she stopped in her tracks. When Milton turned to head toward the couch he saw her standing still as a statue. He suddenly stopped his laughing which prompted the others to stop what they were doing to see what was going on. It became an awkward moment in an instant.
Miss Margrette recomposed herself in front of them before asking her question. “So, what are you doing back so early?”
Joan leveled her eyes. “What were you planning to do here while we were gone?”
Miss Margrette thought a moment as she weighed her options. “I think that the truth is what is called for here. Come to the table.”
Miss Margrette pulled out a pouch out of her pocket and carefully set it on the table before sitting. Ice cream bowls preceded the placement of the children to their seats.
“I have come to replace something that was taken out of the building.”
“You stole something out of the apartment?” Miranda gasped.
Miss Margrette’s voice cracked. She gave a soft cough before continuing with her ever so soft voice. “No, I did not remove anything that belongs to the family. The item’s placement is not in the apartment, so to speak, but I must go through it to access its proper position.”
Milton took a bite of ice cream before he spoke. His words came out incomplete. “So you tooka a plart of z builling?”
Miranda punched him in the arm. “Don’t talk with your mouth full. I think he meant to say...”
Miss Margrette raised her hand to indicate for her to cease her explanation but she noticed that she was still holding a tissue to her nose. “I understood. And yes it is part of the building, but what happened to your nose?”
“I get nose bleeds from time to time.” Miranda answered quickly, being too embarrassed to tell the truth. 
Milton laughed.
“I could get a doctor to look at that.”
“No, no, I’m fine. It doesn’t happen that often, really.” Miranda started to blush.
Milton laughed all the harder with Joan joining in. Miss Margrette felt like she being left out of a private joke so she went back to her previous topic. She unwrapped the strange looking canister that had reminded Joan of a can of beans but looked like it was made out of granite.
Milton took another bite of his ice cream then started to speak again.
Joan put her pointer finger to his mouth to shut him up. Joan had the feeling she had a similar question so she voiced hers instead.
“Isn’t that the same device from the funeral?”
“Indeed, it is the same.”
“Why is it part of this building?” Joan asked.
“It belongs under the pool on the roof. It is the device that makes the roof impenetrable and keeps everyone that lives here in the building safe.”
Milton dropped the spoon to the table with excitement. “That’s what makes things disappear off the roof!”
Miss Margrette’s facial expression changed faster than a lightning strike on a gasoline before it exploded. “How do you know about things disappearing off the roof?”
Miranda, still holding her nose, explained how he brought everyone to the roof to look at the water and how Joan had tossed a pen out into the water to watch it disappear with a loud crack.
“I see. Then you know how dangerous this item can be. You watched Mr. Forester leave this world in much the same manner. You must now also understand why I mentioned, on your first day here, to never go on the roof.” Miss Margrette hardened her gaze on Milton.
“I only wanted to see. What is it really?” Milton’s voice changed from apologetic to fascinated so fast that one could almost feel a breeze pass by the kitchen.
“What you see here is just the container, within it hides a pearl. The pearl is a very old artifact. It is part of three that are used in funeral services among members of the Trust. We also use it to protect the inhabitants of this building. It can be a very dangerous weapon.”
Milton laughed out “A weapon of mass destruction?”
“Yes. That is why it is contained in the granite carapace.”
Miranda educated her brother. “It’s a container, like a shell.”
All of the children looked at it with interest but not as much as Joan. She searched her memory to see if she could remember it from her past.
Miss Margrette went on. “The granite is a safe means of moving the pearl. In truth, the pearl is only active when it is in water. The granite protects any outside entry of water. There is a lever on the top that allows us three different types of contact with water. The first is the funeral operation. By turning the top handle to this position, it moves a spring into a position where a few moments after setting it, it plunges the pearl down enough to contact water, then resets it to a normal hidden position. The next position allows the user to open it for full contact as it is used under the pool. The last is the manual spring release where one can determine how long the spring is held before contact. In any case, once the pearl touches water it will make everything that the water touches, disappear.”
“Everything?” Miranda said, opened mouthed.
“Yes, everything. That is why it is considered a weapon of mass destruction. Imagine that a rain storm floods the streets of Michigan with two inches of water, and someone sets off the timer. Once the pearl touches the water everything that is wet will be gone. Just imagine dropping it into Lake Michigan.”
Silence filled the room at the very thought.
Joan looked up to Miss Margrette’s eyes. “What do you mean everything disappears?”
“Everything except air, rocks, sand or dirt and, of course, the water itself.”
“What about cement?” Milton tossed in.
“If the sand or rocks are processed in any way they are not considered natural anymore, then yes they too will disappear.”
“What happens to the things that disappear?” Joan asked.
“We believe that it all goes to the center of the densest gravitational point. In this instance the center of the Earth. That is why it is called the center bead. In truth I don’t think anyone really knows where all the stuff goes. Maybe it goes to the center of the sun.”
Miranda didn’t like the sound of that. “What do you mean it all disappears? Give me an example.”
“When you fought Targsworth’s men there were a lot of dead bodies afterwards. We had to get rid of them all before the police came and...”
Milton stood in one sudden motion holding his spoon like a sword victorious above his sister’s head. He remembered his conversation with his sister about the newspaper article and his idea that the men were brought to the roof to disappear because of the special pool. All those bodies disappeared through the same process and felt vindicated shouting, “YES! I can be right once and a while!”
Joan laughed out loud, almost falling out of her chair.



Chapter 3
A Deeper Malevolency


Mr. Burnelle sat at his desk. He was watching the clock on the wall. It had all the usual characteristics of any other analog clock around the world, with numbers from one to twelve on the outside of its face, and two hands that went around a central point indicating the time of day. And it was a large clock by any standard at almost four feet in diameter. One would not need glasses to tell the time. But this clock was somewhat different. There were other characters between the numbers. To any individual not familiar to the planet Solicee, these characters would look like decorations to accent the already ornate clock face, but to Mr. Burnelle these characters represented a different set of numbers.
On Solicee the additional characters, in addition to the numbers one through twelve represented a total of twenty four digits. On Solicee, a day’s time is calculated over forty eight “hours” which equated to, on Earth time, twenty four hours. This meant that every half hour on Earth was an hour Solicee. The special clock Mr. Burnelle was watching not only told time on Earth, it also accurately described time on Solicee.
When the Roman numeral part of the clock showed five minutes till the six pm, it also stated that it was denneude TLō fllown, or almost the evening hour. That time of day was equally regarded as the end of the day on both worlds, moving towards evening.
Mr. Burnelle could hear voices from the elevator in the hall outside his office. His guests had arrived. A knock came from the door.
“Please enter,” Number 27 called out.
Everyone filed in and found a seat. Milton had his eyes on the globe the moment he passed it on his way to his seat. The last time they had sat in this office Mr. Burnelle had used the artifact, the globe, to visually illustrate what he was trying to convey in his explanations about this new world called Solicee. The globe had the unique ability to take what was said and illustrate it with light projected towards the center of the room.
Miranda and Joan were still talking about the center bead. It wasn’t a heated conversation but Miranda needed to voice her opinion on the matter before this class of sorts was about to begin.
“I need to understand why having the center bead, if it is truly such a terrible weapon, is important to our protection in the apartment? Wouldn’t it also mean that we could get hurt by having it around?”
Joan, on the other hand, thought its presence was a great form of safety.
“Having it in the apartment ensures that no one will attack from the roof while we were sleeping. That also means that it will protect us from any missiles falling from the sky.”
“Yes that may be true. But what if the missile hits the side of the building instead and all the water floods the building, wouldn’t we all disappear because the center bead would fall with the water?”
Everyone was taking their seats. Frank Caldwell took notice of the conversation but he needed them to close it down so Mr. Burnelle could get started.
“Could you hold up that little conversation until later?”
Miranda didn’t want to stop. It was an important topic. “But, I have a significant point to make about our safety.”
“I’m sure it can wait a little while.”
Miranda became despondent that her opinion was not important at the moment. She folded her arms to show her sour attitude.
Mr. Burnelle stood to greet his guests.
“I’m very glad all of you are here. For this block of time we will be discussing the planet Solicee. What the people are like, and other important topics. We will be generalizing of course as we are only going to use one hour before our first break. I want to use the last hour to discuss important matters as a result of Mr. Forester’s death. I think I will be able to stitch together a complete enough history in the beginning to ensure that that the last hour will make enough sense for you to fully understand what we are facing for the future.”
Everyone who was listening looked at each other wondering what Number 27 was trying to say, however no one voiced it. Miranda unfolded her arms, Milton stopped watching the globe, and Joan squinted her eyes a little at the idea that there was more going on yet again. Mr. Burnelle continued as he had now secured their undivided attention.
“As I mentioned several days ago when we first came together in this room I am a symbiotic being connected with Carlyss #731 Marcoo. Together we can work together as one being with the express mission to be an observer of passing events on this planet.”
Milton raised a hand. His sister turned to him.
“We just started, how could you possibly even have a question at this point?”
Mr. Burnelle disregarded Miranda’s statement turning over the floor to Milton. “You have a question?”
“Do we have someone here watching your planet?”
“Excellent question.”
Milton stuck out his tongue at his sister after asking. Joan smiled.
“When we took the time to discuss the mechanics that allow our world to interact with Earth, we did not take the proper amount of time to address the idea of Milton’s question. Our discovery of how dimensional physics work has led us to one unique fact, even though all our dimensions are layered one on top of the other, the ability to see from one side to another falls into a specific pattern. One can only see into the left. We know this because we used the same technology to build a projector on Earth hoping to look back at ourselves. What it showed us was surprising and not expected. Earth’s projector showed open space in every direction. To save time here, our conclusion was that the dimension on Earth’s left does not align itself with a planet like Earth which aligns with us.
“To build on this idea I will throw some interesting facts about our solar system. Here on Earth, when you look into the sky there is a sun and a moon. With a telescope you can see other planets in your solar system. In Soliceean space there is no moon or any other planets. There are of course stars, the distant galaxies and quasars that you see here, but we are much more isolated. Before we started to watch your world we never knew about space. Launching a satellite was so daunting an idea that we never could put our hands around it. Now we have many satellites just as your planet does. Watching your world has allows us to learn new things. We can see our weather, have better communication worldwide, and we now have television.”
Joan cocked her head a little at the last statement.
“What do you mean you now have television?”
“I think we are getting a little ahead of ourselves here. Let me explain a few things and then we will address that question. Let’s go back a little in time to before, when Fallz # 125 Tinn discovered that she could work with people with Autism to see your world through their eyes. Before the Observer program came into being, we as a people thought we were alone in the universe, just as you did until the toy telescope fell into Joan’s hands. We had no idea about all the sciences that existed in the world around us. The only thing we knew well, and far better, was medicine. Soliceeans are a lazy people. Very few people wanted to learn things outside what was already known. There were very few wars in our history. In fact there are very few inventors, writers, scientist and just about anything else. Our people go to work, then, they go home. They do very little outside that paradigm.
“However we are a very old race compared to Homo sapiens, or humans. The current idea of modern humans begins at around 200,000 years ago. Our modern race begins at over six million years ago, which means that we have been around for a very long time. That also implies that we have brought our population to a sort of breaking point. Earth’s population is about 6.8 billion people, ours is over 243 billion people. Our planet is very overcrowded. We have destroyed almost everything that mattered on our planet. Now all we have is water, a handful of species of trees and several animals that are pets more than anything else. All of our food is manufactured. Our water must be purified before we can drink it. Our future is very bleak if the population growth continues. However, before the Observer Program, no one really knew how bleak our future was or by how much, or they just didn’t care. Everyone seemed to have no direction in life, we just existed.”
Frank shook his head like an old elephant.
“Wait, wait, wait. Do you mean to tell me that the Observer Program is really a way to scout our planet to see if we can fill your needs as a new location to live or to bring food over?”
“No, not at all. For starters, we cannot live here for any length of time nor can we eat your food. Although we breathe the same air and drink the same water there many other problems that will not allow us to live here. We are not acclimated to the biology of your world. At most we could probably only survive here for only three months at most. It would be easier for us to terraform an inhospitable planet to our needs than it would be to convert yours over. Second, is the fact that we cannot cross over. All we will ever be able do is watch.”
Lea, also disturbed by the idea of being watched, voiced another question. “So what is the point of this whole thing, why are you here if all you can do is watch?”
“We are here to observe and learn so that we may help ourselves. The interesting thing in all of this is the fact that your short lived species has achieved more than ours has by leaps and bounds. You have so many science related fields of study. All we have is medicine. You actively look out for other species on the planet. You even try to clone or create new and better species as a way to create better food or hardier stock. In one aspect mankind is always trying to better itself in one way or another. Even when there is war, either side is working hard to build better things to help their troops or better machines to help win the war. The technology to build better weapons eventually gets repurposed into greater technology to help the civilian population after the wars. In the end the general population jumps to a higher standard all the time. So to answer your question, the reason we are watching is to find ways to better our race so we can fix some of our problems. All the aliens races that have visited your world have noticed the same great strides humanity has made to better itself over such a short period of time. Many are jealous.”
This got everyone attention, no one was leaning back in their chairs anymore.
Milton spoke first. “What? Aliens visited our planet?”
“By our current count there have been forty-five so far.”
“What? That can’t be right!” Milton shouted back.
Miranda just shook her head in disbelief. “You are just saying that so we will not think Solicee is unique.”
Joan and Lea, on the other hand had their hands in the air, but they were making a statement instead of asking permission to speak. Everyone was talking over themselves.
“How do you know there are so many?” and “Why didn’t you tell us?” were some of the questions asked.
Number 27 put both hands in the air.
“Now, now, it’s alright. There is no need to panic. Yes there have been forty-five species of aliens that have visited Earth. We know this because we have seen them over the ages. I’ll get to that in a minute. The reason we did not say anything is because we were not on a first name basis with the general population until recently, well to your family anyway, and we only observe. These aliens that visited all did the same thing we are doing to you right now, observing. The difference is that they exist in your same dimension as you and must travel to your planet by a vehicle of some sort, like a space ship. It is very expensive for them to do this. So it is an in and out thing, so to speak, eventually they must leave. We on the other hand can continue to look in because we are like the next door neighbors looking over the fence. They can’t live here for long for the same reasons that we can’t, lack of acclimation to your abundant species like germs and viruses.”
Milton put his hand in the air as the word viruses came out. “But... But what do they want with us? Did you learn that? I mean, are they going to come back and take over the planet?”
“Every species want similar and different things. Some come for knowledge. Others come looking for a new place to live because their world is as screwed up as ours. Others need resources. What I have to tell you now may be disturbing information, so don’t be too shocked. First is the fact that every one of the species we speak of all have come to the same conclusion. You are a warring planet. You cannot find lasting peace. Of the alien species that want to come live here or want to take specific resources, they all need to subdue your people of Earth first before their work can begin. Instead of creating resources to travel light years to get here just so they can start a war, they decided to let you kill yourselves off instead. Let’s face it. It’s cheaper in the long run.
“The estimated number of years to your own extinction is shy of a hundred years. We ourselves have come to a similar conclusion. Our belief is that if we observe your species long enough we can retain your history even after you are gone. Honestly, we hope it doesn’t go that route but we are preparing ourselves for that event in any case. Besides, we have learned so much from your species that we would hate to see it disappear. Everyone on our planet knows about your planet and they love who you are. They are happy for all of the things that you have invented, the libraries, and even the entertainment. We never had entertainment on the level that Earth has enjoyed which will answer Joan’s question.
“We rebroadcast cast all Earth’s television shows to our televisions. Our people can now have entertainment that never existed before. We have been slowly acquiring all the written books off your internet to build our own libraries. In short, your race has contributed to the happiness of our people. We have become kindred spirits of sorts. Most of our people can now speak any language shown on television. Some can even read and write these languages as well. There is hope that your ideas will direct our people to want to learn and not be lazy.”
Miranda leaned to Joan. “That’s why the alien we saw in the telescope could read what we wrote in the sand, in English.” Joan nodded, the memory coming back to her. “That’s right.”
Number 27 continued. “We have established colleges that teach sciences that we never knew about in the past. As a race we can now see the great damage we inflicted on our own planet. We are considering finding a suitable planet to perhaps start over. It is a long shot but it is a workable goal. We are also building a knowledge base to try and recover some of our lost species, maybe grow food again. No one on our planet has a memory of eating fresh grown food. All we have ever known about food has been the pills we eat every day. They are made at manufacturing plants all over the planet. What I wouldn’t give to eat a brownie once and a while.”
A natural stopping point occurred. Number 27 took a long breath. The Caldwells looked a little overwhelmed at the amount of information being thrown at them.
But Joan remembered something that had not been covered. “You mentioned something about seeing through time.”
“Ah, yes. I almost forgot. Our technology allows us to see onto your world but it also allows us to choose a specific time to work in. Right now we are looking at each other in the most current time available on both our sides. But we also have five other observers working at the same time looking into your past.”
Milton raised his hand again. “Is that why you are called number 27 even though your predecessor was number 22?”
“Yes. There a total of six naablettes, one on every major continent, except for North America, where we have two.”
Mrs. Caldwell nodded. “Where is the other... what did you call it, I mean in the US?”
“A naablette is a room that is in perfect synchronization between both worlds. When I am in this room on my planet everything I do is perfectly responsive to what Mr. Burnelle does here. We are in perfect sync. The special projector that connects us is in this room. The other room of which you ask is in Chama, New Mexico.”
Miranda asked the next question. “What are the other time periods that the other naablettes are watching?
“When an Observer is slated to come off-line, he or she is retired and that mission is complete. When the new Observer comes on-line the room will be realigned to a date of importance in your history. Remember we can only come online with a known autistic member of your society. A lot of times we make those decisions years in advance. So, for the sake of argument...”
Milton had his hand in the air shaking excitedly. “So have you gone far back enough to see dinosaurs?”
Miranda punched him in the arm. “Didn’t you hear him properly? He said that a person with autism had to be present.”
Milton seemed suddenly let down as if the punch in the arm had deflated him. Humans didn’t live in the same time period as the dinosaurs.
Number 27 pressed on. “For the sake of argument, if we knew of a certain person who had Autism in the year 1321, we would arrange the room to be what it would look like in that year. We would connect to that person. Of course we would show that individual what it would be like to live a normal life in exchange for us to inhabit their bodies for a short time. If they agree then we would continue their service until the mission was over. So, to answer your question about which times in history we currently are investigating, we are here in the current time, of course, in ancient Egypt for the second, following Jesus Christ for the third, inside Genghis Khan’s China is the fourth, in the Rome of the Caesars in the fifth and in the dark times of the crusades for our sixth. Our biggest problem is finding autistic individuals the further back in time you go. Records don’t really exist that far back, and of course the term “autism” is fairly recent.”
Frank raised his hand this time. “So... the autistic member that is chosen to be an Observer can never leave the room once they are aligned?”
“In one sense yes, but not in the way you think. The person that can never leave is the one here on this Solicee, where the projector is. That would be me. To use Mr. Burnelle and myself as an example, we are connected through a projector in this room. I am locked in. Everything in this room matches the one on your planet. When Mr. Burnelle must leave the building he exits the same normal way as everybody else. I, on the other hand, enter a kind of walking room. It is the only exit. In this room I follow the same motions as Mr. Burnelle but I do not move in a linear fashion. My legs move when I walk or when I run but I never go anywhere.
“In the early days of the Observer Program we only had a walking room and no place to settle in to be comfortable. It was difficult to sit or sleep for any period of time without causing tremendous pain from not being able to rest. The design of the naablette gives us some modicum of normalcy. As a point of interest, the unique properties of the room allowed the toy telescope to view me even though your position on the planet did not align us together. For instance, on Earth, this room is on the second story of this building, but on Solicee this room is underground.”
Milton nodded quickly. “That’s why the alien, uh, sorry, Soliceean, was looking into the ground with his version of the telescope. He was looking for this room.”
“Yes, he was searching for the naablette. The artifact he was wearing could see your planet but it could also see the anomaly that the projector creates being in this room. In an odd way, he could see the emptiness of space where this room exists here on Solicee. You see, he was on a mission to find Number 22. He had been searching for several years, in fact. The Observer Program is not a secret program on Solicee, but for security reasons, many aspects of what we do is hidden, not just on paper but on the planet. Much damage could be done to your world if the projector was stolen or repurposed, which brings us to a stopping point to rest. When we continue we will be looking at why Number 22 was targeted specifically.”
Number 27 stood and left the room. His urgency suggested that he had some place to be. All of the Caldwells began to speak openly among themselves. Miranda went back to her conversation about the center bead with Joan. Milton and his father started a different conversation with Lea about why it was important to need a room decorated to the specific time they were trying to investigate.
“It is very important to set up a room as accurate as possible in the time period.” Frank said.
But Lea was confident that the importance really led to a deep immersion into that time line. “The Soliceeans don’t know what it is like to be in our past. They must jump in with both feet.” Lea said.
“But,” Milton added. “What difference would it make? If they go far enough back in time wouldn’t it just be a cave or something with a dirt bed and a rock for a pillow. Wouldn’t it be more comfortable to have modern accommodations to work in instead of having a rock for a pillow?”
In Joan and Miranda’s continuing conversation Joan had Miranda on the ropes. “Yes, the missile could hit the roof but the possibility that a bomb would come in at that angle is a low percentage. The entire roof being set up that way gives us the highest percentage of protection.”
Miranda countered. “But nothing is one hundred percent. So sometimes having it in place is just as bad as having nothing. You’re right in many aspects if you look only at the numbers. The highest degree of protection will fall toward the highest percentage. But I don’t know... we are not numbers are we?”
“You two are both right and wrong,” Frank said to Lea and Milton. “It’s not necessarily about total immersion. It’s about who is paying for the mission.”
“But it’s not about percentages in the end,” said Joan to Miranda.
“Being immersed is all well and good. The financer would be looking for a commitment...” Frank said.
Then Frank and Joan said the same thing at the same time.
“It’s all about image.”
Everyone stopped what they were listening to. Each party looked over at the other wondering if they each were having the same conversation, then the laughter broke out.
Joan finished her sentence. “The image of total protection is just as good as having it, because like you said, nothing is one hundred percent. Feeling safe is just as important as being safe.”
Frank finalized his statement. “If the financer is looking for accurate information from the Observer, then he will want to know that he or she is totally immersed in the time period. If the room is correct to the period, then the assumption afterwards will be that the information will be as accurate as possible whether or not it is.”
Number 27 walked back into the room and noticed all the talk going on. “Good, I’m glad that our discussions are producing good results. I wanted you to have individual conversations on the matter after the meeting. And I can see it didn’t take you that long to pick it up and run with it. Since we are motivated, let’s not wait another moment.”
Joan raised her hand. “Why was it important for me to attend this half of the meeting alone?”
Mr. Burnelle nodded in agreement. “That is a very good question. I understand why you might have been apprehensive to be in a room alone with me. It comes down to trust and I haven’t earned that from you yet, completely understandable. The information I must convey is important for all to hear but it would be more relevant to Joan, which is why I wanted our meetings to be more private. It is directly connected to her past, a memory to be more precise, of which we erased. My goal going forward will be to jog her past memories to the surface because I feel it to be very important at this time to recover. In fact, the time frame we will be discussing at length will be so far back that your adopted family could never contribute in any positive way as their parents’ parents would not have been born yet.”
“I see.” Joan said, her tone becoming somewhat sour.
All of the Caldwell’s expressions followed Joan’s. They didn’t want to be left out, but they didn’t want to be a burden either.
“Now, what I will be sharing today will concern everyone. All of you have, in one way or another, played a role in the events leading up to Number 22’s passing. I’m not saying that the role each of you played led to his death directly. What I am alluding to, in so many words, is that what transpired affected the past.”
Milton raised his hand immediately. “I don’t understand.”
Miranda looked at him. “Do you see what you are doing? You need to let him finish before you ask a question.” She took his arm and pulled it down.
Joan smiled at him and took his other hand to hold on to it.
Number 27 continued. “What I’d like to do is start at the beginning. You’ll have to forgive me but I’m not sure how much any of you know. It is important to understand the underpinnings of the story before we can rise to a level of understanding of what happened on the day Mr. Forester died.
All heads started to nod. Milton tried to raise his hand again but Miranda and Joan each held one of them tight.
“As I brought up before, our race on Solicee is a very old race. We are not very ambitious. The people have walked the planet for eons, but without exploration, we have planted crops without giving thought to the planet as a whole or even to other species. We never looked into our natural world and asked why, so that we could develop the sciences that Earth has done. As our fantastically large population over grew itself, many things happened all around the same time. We started to run out of places to grow food, we had to build larger and larger cities to accommodate the populous, and we ignored our planet at an ever increasing rate, killing off almost all of our once diverse types of species. Then, all of a sudden, certain places on the planet, where cities or factories existed, started to crumble to dust at an alarming rate. You can imagine the immediate changes that happened afterwards. We were in a state of war within in our own infrastructure. We couldn’t build fast enough to support our population increases and to replace our crumbling cities. We decimated our planet’s natural resources to keep up. Worse still, we never developed new technologies to replace the quickly disappearing elements. This state of war has been ongoing for a very long time. And no one understood why our buildings were being reclaimed this way. Every time the buildings begin the reclaiming process, everyone inside and below, when it crumbled dies.
“Then the Observer Program sprang into being. We were excited to know that we were not the only creatures in the universe. Through our unrelenting observations of your planet we learned about the sciences that we never took the time to study on our world. In this process we also learned why our buildings were crumbling away. You see, our two worlds are connected in many ways, more than what would be considered comfortable to know about. Our planets are almost the same size, we have a similar sun, our length of year is less then one hours different, we breathe an oxygen mix that your lungs could not differentiate between, and our oceans are salt based. Even our DNA is so close that some might consider it scary to consider the implications.
“So for the same reason that we can see through the eyes of the autistic, we can also admit other subtle connections. Our two planets are deeply connected on a level we do not understand. The reason that our structures were crumbling away was because they correspond directly to the same position on your planet. As your population builds larger cities and in more places, some of the buildings overlap already existing population centers on our world. This overlap causes our structures to disintegrate very quickly, reverting to their original, natural environment. It is apparent that only one world of the two, can have a structure in the same location at one time. And it is unfortunate to say that our world is the one where the insufficiency lies.”
There was a long dead silence. Milton did not raise his hand. They all thought about the implications of being so close to the Soliceeans. Number 27 took a moment to let it all sink in. There was more to divulge that might be difficult for them to hear.
Frank raised his hand. “Are you sure that the reason for the Observer Program is not to study our planet for a new place to move to. I mean, if it so bad on your planet then our world must look very appealing.”
“You’re right. I’m not going to lie to you. In the beginning those thoughts were tossed out as a way to fix all our problems. But we are not a warring people, nor do we have the resources to win a war. In the end, even if won by a world war, we would have found out that we couldn’t live here anyway. As I said before, we are not acclimated to live among your diversified species. There is a reason you are on Earth and I am on Solicee, it was meant to be. We need to fix our own problems.”
Milton finally snuck his hand in the air. “So what does this have to do with Number 22’s death?”
“Ah yes, we are getting to that. I’m going to fast forward to a hundred or so years ago. As you already know, the Observer Program started to broadcast your television programs directly to our entertainment starved public. In the beginning we also televised many of the new things we discovered by watching your world. One of them was a science program to educate our masses, hoping to spark an interest into going back to school and learning some form of science. In one of the programs, we aired what we had found about the link to our crumbling cities. This created an outcry and they wanted the Observer Program to fix this problem. Of course this was something that could not be fixed but our uneducated public didn’t understand. They continued to call on us to fix the problem. In the end we aborted science related education broadcasts and kept the entertainment broadcasts running instead. It made for a happier public.
“One of the few great adventurers of Solicee is named Tibeert the Great. He used to be called Tibeert # 67 Quanazerre but he changed his name to gain greater exposure. He is one of only a few people on our world to travel extensively and explore our world. Tibeert took it upon himself to try to find a way to destroy your world to give Solicee the freedom it needed to survive after learning that your aligned existence was the reason for our crumbling cities. I know it sounds fantastic but he was crazed about the whole idea that our two worlds were connected. I have something to show you to give you an idea of his persona. It is a speech that he gave to the public here on Solicee in trying to gain support to achieve his goal of ‘liberation’. It will give you an idea about who he is and...”
Joan asked outright without raising her hand. “I thought you said that there was no way to cross over, that we were totally safe. Our worlds could not be connected.”
In Joan’s mind all that she could hear was the physics department head, Professor Tennanmen, telling her that “Seeing through a window was just like looking through a clear piece of glass, but a window could also be a door.” She was getting that feeling in the pit of her stomach again.
Mr. Burnelle paused. He did remember telling her that. He pursed his lips then pressed on. “Let me rephrase that by adding an addendum. At this time we are very sure that we cannot cross over. Our goal, which will be discussed at the end of this class, is to ensure that crossing over can never happen.”
Everyone fidgeted in their seat, the uncomfortable fact now beginning to form itself in their minds. Mr. Burnelle waked to his computer and started to use that time of unease to pull up a file. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell bowed together to in an attempt to hide the volume of their nervous chatter. Miranda and Joan both leaned to Milton to express their thoughts. Joan’s eyes looked huge.
“Joan, what did Mr. Tennanmen say when we at the university?” Miranda asked.
Milton answered for her. “He said that a window could also be a door.”
“Something else sounds very off. It sounds almost like Number 27 is changing what he had told us in the past to fit the situation. I don’t like it one bit.” Joan added.
Mr. Burnelle started again. “I found the file I was looking for. If you will look in this direction I will begin.”
Everyone’s heads broke away from their groups. Number 27 pushed a button on his desk. An arm descended from the ceiling. Attached was a small box with a lens. When he pushed another button, this time on his computer keyboard, a light emanated from the small box. It projected a light filled with color but not to a wall. Instead the aim was towards the center of the room. Noises that sounded like a large group of people talking took over the silence in the room.
It took Number 27 to walk up to the display globe of the Earth and give it a good push to produce a spin fast enough to get the 3D image to come to life in the center of the room. It was like the last time he had spun the globe during a presentation. The globe’s artifact ability took the words that were said and turned them into images. Everyone’s stares focused on the new image before them. So powerful was the attraction that they couldn’t look away.
On the screen, a man stood out on a veranda high above the masses of people below him. Before him, a microphone was set up so that he could reach as many people as he could. He appeared small from the angle of the camera lens. When the image turned from side to side, the full magnitude of all the people in attendance was staggering. In and amongst the tallest buildings anyone had ever seen on Earth, thousands of people were cloistered closely together at the base all looking up to the single person on the balcony. In the background, cars flew by at astonishing speeds on hanging roads connected to the skyscrapers sides.
The view was so vast that the alien cityscape felt as though the guests were sitting in a room that housed two I-max theater sized screens stitched together. It literally took one’s breath away to see it all in one room. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell had never seen the city before and they each gasped at the sight.
Number 27 added a note about what they were looking at. “What you see here is Tibeert the Great at the Krrasstin Center in the city of Jhhirtt. He is about to speak.”

“People of Solicee, I speak to you about our crumbling state. Our great government sanctioned the Observer Program to discover about our Earth counterparts. In their discoveries we have learned that they have a better world, they have real food, and they have everything we need to make our lives better but we are told that we cannot take what could be ours. The Observer Program tells us that their world is poison to our bodies, and how we could never survive life on the other side. I say they are wrong.
“The entertainment you watch from their world shows how great their world is compared to ours. They have endless vistas, with trees and oceans. There are animals of such variety that anyone who wishes to own one can. Everywhere one goes there is ample space to lay back and enjoy all that Earth offers.
“I come to you and speak of what could be ours. We should take what we need to better our people here on Solicee. We have the population numbers to walk right over them. Between the two worlds we would have everything we ever wanted.
“But the great Observer Program tells us that we cannot survive on their world, so we can only study, study endlessly the disparity of how great they are compared to our deficient world. Many great things have come from that study. We now have taken their greater knowledge and made it our own, this knowledge is greater than we have ever possessed or dreamed. We can make new tools, understand the world around us, we can build better cities, we can produce better food and we can now see into the heavens!”
The crowd came to life at that exclamation. Arms were raised into the air, the shouting became deafening.
“However through intense study, we find that Earth’s people have also been digging beneath our foundations to undermine our society and our cities. Their reasons are unknown. They have everything and yet they want more. They want Solicee to turn to dust. We cannot survive if they continue to grow. Our livelihood is at stake!
“We know from the television that they are a warring people. They fight among themselves. They kill without reason or mercy, lay waste to entire tracts of land to test new weapons, and decimate entire races of their own people. They give no thought to our needs or care about our problems. All they want to do is kill and they want to kill us too. Since neither can survive on the other’s world, they are going to try to kill us off through their superior knowledge. With that knowledge they are on a campaign to undermine our infrastructure so that our cities collapse upon us and they can watch us suffer and die at their superior hands.”
The crowd became raucous again, their arms rose even higher this time.
“I say no! No, to the Earthlings who wish to see us die upon the crushing weight of our cities falling upon us. No to letting Earth dictate how we are to live and grow. I say follow me! Follow me in taking up arms to fight the Observer Program and cross over to fight the Earthlings. Take what is ours to take, and build a better life for all Soliceeans, and stop the Earthlings from slowly destroying our cities.
“I say the Observer Program is lying to us and we can cross over and live on the lush planet of Earth. I say we should take up arms and destroy Earth with their own knowledge. Support me in fighting this fight to save our world.”
The crowd became quiet. Risen arms fell. People started to leave the assembly. The call for fighting had caused the gathered Soliceeans to turn away, back to the life they already knew, back to work or laziness.
“If you are not up for taking up arms then support me! I shall martyr myself to save our world. I will make the sacrifice to stop the Earthlings. I will save our crumbling cities.”
More of the assembled people of Solicee walked away.

Number 27 got up from his desk and walked over to the globe. He placed his hand on it to stop its motion. The image disappeared.
“I am stopping it here because his speech goes on and on until it become pathetic with his groveling and begging.”
Lea’s hand went straight into the air. “Tibeert clearly states that he wanted to come over and stop us. Didn’t you just say that the Soliceeans could not come over?”
“I did. There is no way for him to cross over that I am aware of. Which brings us to...”
Joan didn’t raise her hand before she spoke. “Tibeert says that Earth is using our great technology to cause the destruction of the Soliceean cities. That can’t be true?”
Mr. Burnelle put both his hands up to quell the rising panic in his guests. “Please, please let me finish the explanation. I will answer all of your questions. Let me try. Now Tibeert is playing up the role of instigator. He blames the Earth, and its human inhabitants, for all of the problems on Solicee. He wants to create a riot so he can gain support. But he is not a great speaker and he is telling false truths to bolster his cause. Soliceeans cannot cross over, you need to understand this. Earth is not creating the problems we are facing on our Solicee. Those problems exist because of the intertwined nature of our two dimensions being in such close proximity. The reality here is that we have a nut that is hell bent on coming over to Earth to destroy it so he can save his world. I think if we labeled him as an extremist or terrorist we would be able to see him for what he really is.”
Silence fell on the room. Joan and the Caldwells took deep breaths, and Number 27 tried to catch his. A few moments passed of crazy and scary thoughts within each of the guests. Mr. Burnelle walked to the front of his desk and leaned upon it before speaking again.
“The whole idea about this educational class today was to not scare you into what might or might not be coming in the future, but to inform you about what happened on the night Number 22 died. Tibeert succeeded in finding some support and he has many people working for him now. On the night Mr. Forester died, Tibeert the Great found Number 22’s naablette. He succeeded in breaking in and murdered Number 22. What he did afterwards was even more sinister. He hacked into the projector.”
Milton raised his hand this time. He looked at his sister this time to see if she was going to pull his hand down again. She smiled and nodded her approval. He rolled his eyes.
“Didn’t you say that misuse of the projector could cause problems here on Earth?”
“I did indeed. Tibeert the Great used the projector to realign it to another person in the past. You see, there was another Observer that had his Earth counterpart almost die in an accident. The Soliceean pulled himself out before the man died. Being connected when a catastrophic event happens... Well, I believe we’ve already seen the results of that with Mr. Forester. Anyway, the autistic gentlemen ended up living another two weeks afterwards with his family by his side. Tibeert aimed the projector into this man and he came back into clarity for a few minutes. Tibeert used this time to talk to his brother’s son alone. He gave him specific instructions before pulling back out.”
“What did he say?” Miranda asked.
“I do not know, but we all know who he is.”
Silence filled the room again, each wondering with a bewildered look as to whom they could possibly know. Number 27 let the silence hang a moment longer for dramatic effect before uttering his name.
“Clyde Savage.”
Another incredibly long silent moment occurred. Joan’s and Miranda’s jaws hung open in shock.
Number 27 continued. “Clyde Savage has heeded his uncle’s calling. He inherited the wealth the Observer Program paid out on his uncle’s life insurance policy. With all his time and money, he has taken to collecting things, things that are important not only to him but very important to us as well, artifacts.”
Joan and Milton said the same thing at the same time. “The pocket watch.”
Mr. Burnelle corrected them. “The compass. The pocket watch now works as a compass. Not to detect the direction of north or south, but as an artifact that can lead one to other artifacts. It is the second most important artifact in existence. What is even more horrifying to hear is that without a specific memory from Joan, it may be the only way to find the most important artifact of them all, the Mirror.
“In our classes going forward, Joan, we will be working on digging deep to find out about a time when you lived with a family that was closely connected to the Trust. He hid something called the casket. Within the casket are important papers that will lead us to finding the mirror. Without the compass we can still search for the mirror but more importantly we can ensure that by finding the mirror first, we can also secure Earth from future harm. But without that memory we will need the compass. And that is the enigma we face today.”
A crushing weight fell upon the guests. They all sat back in their chairs trying to catch their breaths. A daunting prospect filled their minds. Darkness might be on the horizon but outside darkness had already fallen. Stars twinkled brightly in the cloudless sky like that was how far they had to go to see the Light of this long seeming endless tunnel. To Joan it felt like she was looking into the wrong end of her telescope.



Chapter 4
Clyde Savage
 

Clyde Savage sat at his desk in his Burbank, California office. The warm afternoon sun stretched across his arms as he laid them out on the desk to collect the warmth unconsciously. The air conditioning was quite cool today. As he sat feeling very comfortable he was also lost in thought. His blond hair and blue eyes would have made him appear much younger than his actual age of forty-five if not for his receding hair line. He couldn’t believe that he was still looking for the artifacts that his uncle had told him to find. He had been searching for... what... thirty plus years now. And all he had to show for his hard work and countless amounts of money was one artifact, one measly little pocket watch. He didn’t even know if it worked. The hands turned in an odd way but he couldn’t be sure that it worked in the way that the old lady he had purchased it from had said it would.
Today, like many days before, he considered what to do in life. He yearned for more than the life he already had and for the most part it was a singular vision. This singular cause engrossed him, pushed him in ways he thought he could never believe himself capable of. But here he was with one artifact, finally. If it was what he had been assured then he should be happy. It would be easier to find the others now. But the only way to test it was to put it up close to another artifact. It had taken a third of his life to find just this one. Would he live long enough to find the other two? Should he give up this ridiculous cause and retain what was left of his money and life and just travel to Brazil and enjoy living for a change?
Brazil intrigued him. He never remembered taking a vacation, ever. Not even from school. During the summers when his friends where all living it up, he was buried in books and traveling to locations all over the world following up with other treasure hunters, professors, and museum curators to find the elusive artifacts. Suddenly, he felt tired. Ever since that encounter with the blond girl that the pocket watch had told him to follow, and his arrest at the Farnsworth Mill, he felt weary. The flight back had made him rethink his singular passion yet again.
He decided right then and there that he was tired and needed a break. He finally started to understand what his employees wanted when they asked for a vacation every year. Every year! Dear God, did they not have any desire to work? Perhaps his passion was not theirs. Perhaps his passion was a lost cause. It was good of his uncle to leave him all his money so he could secure a life after the world was destroyed but if he wasted his entire life finding all the artifacts, what life would he have to enjoy beyond this crazy quest? So many questions, not enough time to answer them.
His mind drifted back to the mill. He wondered if the watch had really pointed to the mill on purpose, causing him to set up an appointment with the owner before its death. He had assumed that the mirror was there, as the casket was too much of a stretch. Who kept a casket in a mill? Although no one really knew what the casket was, or what it looked like. Again, the assumption was that it was not a box that held a body, but what was it? Suddenly a woman’s voice came through the speaker on the phone. It brought him back to reality in one quick kick.
“Mr. Savage, You have a phone call on line one. Shall I put it through?”
Clyde took a deep breath before he answered. “Yes, you might as well.”
A moment later the phone rang. “Hello?” He answered.
A man’s voice began sputtering out quick bursts of information.
“We have retrieved the letter. It mentions the casket, but not its location. It also implies that a catholic bishop in Europe...”
Clyde cut him off, frustration filling his frontal lobes. More riddles, perhaps lies. He used his free hand to rub his forehead as he listened to the silence that hung between countries. He had encountered this many times before. His mission did not inspire the same passion in his men. They were just looking for their next paycheck. He was looking for a way to save mankind. He still wanted a break, a place to lay his head and rest, but his passion called, beckoned from the other side of the phone line. He tried to forget the vacation he desperately needed and focused.
The church used many methods to hide important items of historical importance. Bishops, priests, and friars all heeded the wishes of the church, to the letter, to hide all sorts of important items while living, sometimes even leaving instructions to their families after their passing. But sometimes these things were uncovered ten or more generations later when the promises were long forgotten and the families had no idea what the items ever meant.
The church had always made it a habit to control information given to the public. It had its reasons. Usually the most important reason was self-preservation of the church. The church had attained incredible power over the masses beliefs and knew that if an important belief was disseminated, the church’s power might dissolve.
One of the most well-known occurrences of this habit had to do with the early books of Galileo. They were meticulously collected. All of the known copies of this “heresy against the church in favor of science” were burned in front of the public to show that the church was in charge, proclaiming that no copy existed anywhere. However the church squirreled a single copy away to their vast catacombs beneath the Vatican. Only those in the highest echelons knew about the hidden document.
In this manner, the church could control great numbers of people. The members of most communities gladly offered up anything the church asked for, because they believed the church was right in every aspect of life. However, there were a few who believed that certain information needed to be hidden away from the church. Even if that information seemed to have nothing to do with the church all, these individuals felt the importance of their illumination was so great that the church should not be allowed to play the role of steward.
In the event that the church mishandled or couldn’t attain the information thought to be dangerous, a different tact was called upon. The church utilized a method of planting false information called “Indicium conficto” or, fabricated evidence, to undermine what they couldn’t control. If a letter was hidden about some specific information and they couldn’t find it, they would create a fake letter, with opposing information, and bury it somewhere else where it could be found. That way the truth would be doubted if it ever surfaced. The same held true of material goods of historical importance or a simple piece of parchment spelling out truths that the church felt were too powerful for anyone to find out about.
This phone call was one of many where the found document may be one of misinformation. The person on the other end of the line did not know the specifics of church propaganda. He sounded very sure that it was the real thing. They had been searching for the casket for many years now. Of course he would be excited. Clyde cut him off for that very reason.
“Hold on. Stop babbling. Where did you find it?”
“It was found in the grave we’ve been excavating in Syria. It held a pottery jar which still had the church’s seal intact. Inside, the papyrus was almost pristine...” Excitement overflowed in his voice. “Now, we know about the history of the grave and its position in Moor territory. The Christian involvement in the burial seems to indicate...”
“Stop. I want it repacked in the original jar and sent to the lab here in California. Make sure to send photographic copies over the internet in case we cannot get it out of the country and it gets confiscated. Having the information is almost as important as having the original document at this point. But I need to analyze everything about the packaging before we can consider it to be the correct document. Oh, and I want everything about this find encrypted, all emails and faxes, internet stuff, you know the drill. Can you manage that?”
There was a pause on the other side. The man’s excitement fizzled away. His tone became edgy. “Yes, understood.”
Clyde Savage hung up the phone.
He had a bad feeling about this particular find. If one of the families didn’t want the information to be found, it wouldn’t have been advertised with a church seal, not to mention being preserved in a pottery jar. Indications already pointed to a false trail. In Clyde’s mind he found it interesting that the early church had already known so much about advertising and had known that using their wax seal would make the information within seem more valuable.
Clyde withdrew the special pocket watch from his top desk drawer. It was gold and had a design of a cowboy being bucked on the back of a horse. Upon popping the cover he noticed, like the last time, that the hands turned slowly until it settled upon a position outside his window. It took several minutes for the hands to finish their movement. He stood and crossed to the large window overlooking the city of Burbank. He turned the watch around in his hand but the effect remained the same. The hands spun in the same pattern until it pointed back out the window.
Somewhere out in the wide world, outside his window, the hands pointed toward the horizon on the other side of the country and possibly, to another artifact. Perhaps Michigan was too close. Maybe New York was his final destination? Certainly it did not point towards Brazil but his heart pointed there, he could feel it. It was going to take time to have the pottery jar shipped over to the states. He closed the watch after making a decision. He crossed back to the desk and pushed a button on his phone.
“Please make arrangements for me to fly to Brazil. I will need a satellite connected cell phone set up for my needs as well. Let me know the itinerary as soon as possible. I’m in rather a hurry.”
“Yes sir.” A woman voice said in a crisp reply on the other side of the line.
 Clyde sat back down at his desk. He booted up his computer. While he waited he searched his mind about what he would do. He was becoming very excited about the prospect of having a vacation and was annoyed that his computer was taking so long to boot up. The telephone on is desk rang. He looked at it strangely. His desk phone never rang. His secretary always announced an incoming call or he called out but it never rang of its own accord. He let it ring over and over. Maybe it was a wrong number and it would stop. After ten or eleven rings he had a strange feeling about who it might be.
He had a partner who helped him to locate artifacts but communication always came by messenger. He thought to himself that it couldn’t be him as they never ever spoke. His collaborator leveled ideas about where to look, specific people to speak with, even donated large amounts of money to the cause, but never did they speak. In truth, he didn’t even know what the man looked like. The phone rang again and again. Finally when his nerves couldn’t handle another ring he picked it up.
“This number is not available to call. Who is this?”
“You already know who this is. Why would you think it was anyone else?”
Savage paused to distress silently over the audacity for his silent partner to call him at his office. “Why are you calling me? We never, ever speak.”
“I have important information to convey, so important in fact, that I cannot send it by messenger in the timely fashion to which we have become accustomed.”
Silence filled the line between them again. Clyde Savage hoped his silence would also convey his annoyance. Brass Connolly took the silence as a good sign, as if his business partner was passing a test.
“I see that my phone call is in itself making a statement. I’m also glad to see that you’re paying attention. You need to call your secretary and to tell her to change you travel plans. You need to travel to Syria instead, and perform the usual authentication tests on site. If someone with any brains sees that document we could be facing a whole new set of problems. So, the burial artifact must stay in Syria. If it proves to be the real thing, then we will focus on moving it out of the country, otherwise leave it there. Brazil can wait. Your whole life has been a vacation anyway. Not sure why you’re whining.”
Brass Connolly hung up. Clyde looked at his receiver. “How did Connolly know about Brazil? How did he know about the phone call?” He wondered, seething in rage, at the audacity of Connolly. How did he even know the number to his office? Pressure was building in his head. The answer came easily. Clyde took a long look around the room. His office had to be bugged, but where? He was suddenly angrier than he had been in a long time and slammed down the receiver.

Miranda had just left the computer room with Joan. They were on their way to the kitchen. Supper had been over hours ago, and they had more than enough homework to last till bedtime. In the kitchen Milton sat folding paper. The book that he was supposed to be reading sat open and pushed to one side of the table.
“All done with your reading for the day?” Miranda asked in a sarcastic tone.
Milton looked at the discarded book and gave a passing thought to his lack of commitment.
“I sure am,” he lied. “Thought I would work on folding up a paper airplane. I’m almost done.”
Joan leaned over his shoulder to see how he was doing. “Did you take in account the fact that the rudders need enough space to...”
Miranda snatched it away to get a better look at it.
Milton objected loudly. “Hey, give that back! I was working on that!”
Miranda pretended to be Joan and dramatically weighed the airplane in her hand then extended her neck to check the breeze in the room. Milton was about to launch himself at her to regain his property. He was so angry with her. Joan laughed out loud at the impersonation of herself as she held Milton’s shirt, keeping him in his seat. Miranda ran to the center of the living room and tossed the plane.
Milton finally pulled himself free from Joan’s grip and ran after the toy. “I wasn’t done with it!”
The plane coasted on the air to the hallway but it changed course in a lazy way. It turned in a long circular motion toward the elevator. Suddenly the doors opened. Again, the elevator didn’t announce its arrival, but the airplane stole everyone’s attention by flying towards the open doors. Milton was still running after it. The airplane flew into the elevator car and crashed into Miss Margrette’s forehead before falling to the floor. Milton applied the brakes stopping inches before her very surprised face.
He looked up to meet her eyes. “Uh, sorry?” Milton said as apologetically as he could. He picked up the airplane.
Joan laughed out loud, so did Miranda.
Milton turned to glare at both of them. “I didn’t even throw the plane,” he announced in a tone that everyone could hear, as he walked back to the kitchen.
Miss Margrette gave a small smirk before she entered the room. “Trying to mimic the trick Joan used in the warehouse?” she asked in her whisper-like voice, which sounded stronger than before, but still faint. It had the renewed quality of confidence, just as it had been before her capture.
Milton only nodded in agreement. 
“It was a cool trick. I wish I could’ve seen it.” Miss Margrette said.
“I know, right?” Milton’s sour expression flipped instantly to excitement.
Miranda turned the moment around by asking a question. “So, what brings you by tonight?”
“I’m here to take the Center Bead back out of the house. There is a mission that may require its special capabilities.”
This made Miranda and Milton very happy but for extremely different reasons.
“Can we go with you to take it out?” Milton asked.
“I don’t know... it’s a very dangerous item.”
Joan walked over to Milton. “It can’t be that dangerous if it can be moved for a mission.”
Miss Margrette’s eyes squinted as she thought it over. She knew Joan was right, but this was an adult thing, not for children’s eyes. However Joan was older than all of them put together, not to mention that she had already broken the information barrier by telling them about it the other day. She couldn’t turn back now.
“Alright, you can come with me, but only to watch.”
Milton jumped in the air as Miss Margrette walked by.
Miranda suddenly seemed fearful. “I’ll stay behind if that’s all right.”
Joan took her arm. “If one of us goes, then all of us should.” and followed the others out of the room.
Miss Margrette led them to the hallway toward the bedrooms. Halfway between the computer room and their parents’ bedroom she stopped and looked up. In the ceiling there was a rectangle etched into it. Miss Margrette removed a remote from her pocket. She aimed it to the etched rectangle on the ceiling. When she pushed the single button on the remote a door slowly revealed itself as it fell open. A set of stairs started to lower to the floor automatically. Once the procedure was complete she turned to the children behind her.
“I need to warn you about trying to gain access to this area of the building. Without permission, and the remote, there will be a trap waiting and it will not feel pleasant if you fall into it. I will not say any more about it but this not to be taken lightly. Please remember what I’m saying, this is important.”
All three nodded at her warning about the trap. Milton showed even more excitement and wanted to find out more about it, Miranda was scared to death at the thought of it. Joan, on the other hand, just followed along. They ascended the stairs, one behind the other, Joan taking up the rear to make sure Miranda stayed in line.
In the attic space there were sets of long boards laid end-to-end creating a pathway that led to the center of the building. Beyond the boards, on either side, were open spaces filled with insulation stretching to each of the outside walls. Rough, construction style lighting was hung haphazardly from one rafter to next. As they walked, they had to bow their heads to miss hitting the lights from stringer to stringer. Milton searched all around to find the trap that they had been told about, but he couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary. When they reached the center of the building Miss Margrette stopped walking. She looked up. Above their heads was a wooden box of odd construction. It wasn’t square as a box should be but more like two trapezoid-shaped boxes connected together with the larger parts meeting at the center.
Miss Margrette reached up and opened a little door under the box. Inside, the familiar stone carapace could be seen. She turned to the others.
“This container is connected to the pool above by a special valve. You have to hold the canister and turn it to the right. When it clicks, the valve closes trapping the water above. When you turn to the next click the canister can be pulled out, but be warned. The pearl will still be exposed.”
Miss Margrette pulled out the canister. As she did the pearl was fully exposed. Several drips of water fell to the floor.
“Take hold of the canister and hold tight, careful that your hand is far away from the pearl end. Turn the handle at the top to the left. It is the position where the pearl disappears, only then can it be safely transported.”
Milton exclaimed, “Cool!”
Miranda shifted her position to be the furthest back in the line clearly afraid of what the little bead could do.
Milton put out his hands. “Can I hold it?”
Miss Margrette looked at him then over to Joan. An inner battle was still being waged within. Milton couldn’t stop gazing at it. He had no idea at the span of time that Miss Margrette held the dangerous item not wanting to give it up. “Adult, kid, adult, kid... where was the line with the two?” Miss Margrette fought her fears.
Milton threw out another question while he waited. “Can we deliver it to where the mission is location?”
That was the straw that broke the camel’s back. “No.” Miss Margrette said outright.
Milton moaned out loud. “We never get to do anything cool!”
“Okay, were done here.” Miranda said loudly as she turned to go.
Joan took Miranda’s hand to hold her steadfast and put the other on Milton’s shoulder. “We need to give one more courage and the other one more respect in regard to this powerful weapon. Would it be possible for us to transport the Center Bead under the watchful eye of a Brown? That way we can kill two birds with one stone?”
Miss Margrette weighed the options in her mind. “If I send these three out with two guards, it would be no more than an exercise. I was going to send the Center Bead out with two of the best guards anyway. They would just tag along for the ride. It was evident that they had been inside too long.”
“Alright,” she said finally, “I will agree to send you out to accompany the two Browns I had already assigned to this task, but no funny business. There and back, that’s all. When you return, it’s back to studying.”
Miranda shook her head to indicate no and Milton nodded in agreement but Joan answered for both of them. “That sounds fine. What time tomorrow?”
“We leave here at promptly at seven thirty.”

The next morning at seven o’clock Milton ran down the hall toward the kitchen. He shoveled food in his mouth as fast as he could. His parents looked at each other in surprise at his complete change of routine. He always looked heartbroken at breakfast knowing that the tutors were going to arrive and ruin his day. Joan led Miranda down the hall to the kitchen table. Miranda looked sick to her stomach.
Mrs. Caldwell asked the question of the day. “What’s going on?” 
Joan answered for both of them. “We are going on an errand with two of the Browns to get out of the house. We will be gone for only an hour. Milton is very excited to go but Miranda is a bit worried about the whole affair.”
“What are you going to be doing?” Mr. Caldwell asked.
“We are helping to transport...” Joan started to say.
“The Center Bead.” Miranda finished just as she started to heave on her still-empty stomach.
“Is that all?” Mrs. Caldwell said?
Milton stood. “Is that all? It’s so cool!” He ran to the elevator to stand and wait.
Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell stood and cleaned up the table. Afterwards, they too went to the elevator doors and pushed the call button. Mrs. Caldwell turned back to the table and to Miranda.
“I don’t see what the fuss is about. It’s just a bead and you’ll be with some guards.”
Miranda raised her hand to interject the importance of the bead but the elevator doors opened. Mr. Caldwell turned to his son. “You be good. I want you to be studying when you  get back.” Milton nodded absently, his mind only on the mission at hand.
“Just a bead?! You don’t even know what it does.” Miranda tried to be heard but her parents were too busy trying to leave. They both stepped into the elevator and the doors closed behind them. Miranda sighed then put her hand over her mouth as she dry-heaved again. Joan tried to cheer her up.
“I don’t know why you’re so worried. Two Browns will come up and collect us. We are going to get into a Trust vehicle and drive fifteen minutes down the road to hand off the artifact. After that, we will come back and start our school day in the apartment.”
Milton shot back. “Don’t say that! This is like a small vacation from all that work.”
It was odd to hear Joan be the voice of reason instead of Miranda. Miranda sat up a little straighter at the words of comfort Joan offered.
“That’s true. We will only be around the bead for fifteen minutes or less. That’s not too bad.” Miranda said softly as the realization started to set in.
“What can go wrong?” Joan said with a smile. “In fifteen minutes or less everything will be back to normal.” The elevator door opened. Two Browns waited for them to approach, and as usual they said nothing. Milton walked right in, not waiting for Joan or Miranda. The others followed a moment later.
Outside the apartment there was a black GMC Yukon waiting for them, still running. Everyone piled in. In a minute or less they were already on the road. Miranda started to calm down. So did Milton but for different reasons. Miranda now saw how easy this trip was going to be, and Milton was let down at how boring this trip had turned out so far. Joan leaned back to relax. The Brown that was not driving turned to the group at large and spoke. She saw absolute shock on the three faces staring at her, because Browns never spoke to the family. Only Miss Margrette or Chase Brown was allowed to speak to them.
“I was instructed to let Milton and Miranda hold the artifacts we are transporting. They are in the box in the back.”
Miranda’s eyes grew in fear and Milton’s with excitement again.
Joan leaned over to Miranda. “It will be only for a few minutes. It’ll be okay.”
Joan turned to find that Milton had already retrieved the box and opened it. He took out the stone carapace carefully. He was giddy with excitement. Inside there was another artifact. It was the paper-thin refrigerator magnet with a picture of a doorbell button. Joan took it out and handed it to Miranda. “You see”, she said reassuringly, “it isn’t so bad.”
Miranda couldn’t take her eyes off the artifact that her brother was holding. That was the one she was really worried about.
Without warning the engine started to sputter then died. Ms. Brown pulled the vehicle over. Miranda was about to panic. Milton didn’t even notice. Joan’s stomach began to tighten.
The Brown that was sitting in the passenger seat called in their situation over her cell phone. The driver turned to the passengers in the back seat, and said, “Stay put”. She popped the hood and got out to investigate. Smoke billowed out as she opened the hood to get a glimpse underneath.
Miranda turned to Joan. “I don’t like this. We need to put the artifacts back.”
Milton answered as he continued to study the carapace. “Nonsense. They will just send another car. We are what, five minutes away? We’ll be fine.”
The Brown who was on the phone hung up, she lowered her window and spoke outside to her associate under the hood. “They are sending another car but it will take five minutes. The timeframe for us to deliver the package is in jeopardy. We have no way to contact them. Chase said to take a cab if one is available.”
The woman who had been driving walked over to the passenger window. She leaned in. “The engine overheated. Package up the artifacts and get everyone out. I’ll try to hail a cab. We’ll have to hope Chase can reach the mission leader before they leave.”
Milton took the doorbell magnet from Miranda, and with the Center Bead, hurriedly returned them to their proper places in the box. He handed up the box to the front seat.
Moments later everyone was standing on the side of the road next to a broken down vehicle waiting for a cab. One Brown was waving her hand at every cab that passed, while the other held the box with the artifacts. Milton looked dejected and Miranda looked horrified at the turn of events. They were in the open and exposed. Joan was worried. Her stomach didn’t feel right. She couldn’t tell if she was going to be sick or if there was building problem where she might need to react. Finally, a yellow cab pulled over. The driver never turned to greet them. He was talking on his phone in some foreign language.
Everyone squeezed in, four in the back seat and one Brown sat with the driver. The black box of artifacts was in the lap of the Brown sitting next to Milton. In broken English the cab driver asked for their destination, but only after they had started on their way.
The Brown to his right answered. “The Holiday Inn, quickly please. There is five hundred dollars in it for you if you can make it in three minutes.”
Laughter came from the cab driver. He closed his phone. Joan’s stomach clenched so hard that she thought it had turned to stone. The doors made the sound of the being automatically locked from the front switch. The driver’s laughter became more insidious and harsh. Everyone turned to look at the doors only to find that the lock’s electric switches and mechanical buttons had all been removed. Panic was building. The Brown that was sitting in the front seat slumped suddenly toward her door. Blood had splattered on the window behind her. No one had heard a sound. The driver took his pistol with its long silencer and knocked it on the separating plexiglass, laughing all the harder. He turned for a moment to face them. His face seemed familiar. He had an eye patch over his right eye. He touched a switch on his dash board and gas started to fill the back seat. It was opaque and dense. They all started to choke and gasp for air. Joan pounded on the clear separator. It bent in and out but was incapable of breaking. 
Randall Targsworth spoke through his almost sobbing, uncontrollable laughter. “I was told that you were gone, but I didn’t believe them. In my gut I knew you were still here and my little cab disguise paid off. It really paid off! Now I will be so rich I will be able to do my own artifact hunting! But first, I will get my revenge.” He took the pistol’s business end and tapped his eye patch then on the window in front of Joan. “Yes, revenge!” He laughed all the harder.
Everyone in the back seat slumped over on top of each other unable to move or stay awake.



Chapter 5
Dirigible from Hell


In the partly cloudy skies over the lower Atlantic, between South America and Africa, a dirigible of fantastic size hovered, without a compass direction to point to, or a port to call home. Clouds moved horizontally past the blimp as though it were anchored. Propulsion turbines turned, but the craft did not move. The blimp’s overall architecture seemed to be a cross between an elegant Victorian design and some kind of futuristically imaginative creation of H.G. Wells.
The design bordered on ludicrous, with its old-fashioned ideas. Although the craft appeared to be scientifically cutting edge, yet with curves inspired from an earlier era, it still lacked any aerodynamic perspective. Much like the art deco style that became fashionable in the early twentieth century, this towering blimp echoed a past prediction that never actually saw modern times, a treasure that disappeared like the giant sloth or the monstrous flying pterosaurs.
The magnificent dirigible could have been called a small floating city. The giant platform, from which the structures rose, was supported over the span of three super long balloons filled with helium. Its superstructure had been artistically drafted to be more than the support of a city. It was art in motion all by itself, a symphony frozen in time. It had the artistry of the great gothic churches built into its curvy elaborate makeup. The platform had many different levels where buildings rose to touch the clouds. Some buildings even had some special artistry, in the fact that they all worked together to embellish the city as a whole.
Above all the buildings a single balloon, which matched the three below was fastened to the super structure by the same artfully crafted aluminum framework with sculpted girders of fantastic size. This network of craftsmanship also made its way to the rear of the city ending in a seven story structure that held the rudder, where only a small portion could be seen behind the city. The rest fell away in a graceful outward arc below the city platform like the rudder seen on elegant water faring ships of old.
Two massive flat turbine engines, on either side of the city, operated at angles that suggested that they were angling their thrust against the jet stream in order to maintain their still position over the Atlantic. Other small turbines on the upper part of the structure also ran at odd angles to accomplish this extravagant feat.
On the right side of the city, a double decker landing strip was built above smaller sized buildings over the furthest balloon’s support. It ran the entire length of the city. The lower platform was for exiting airplanes and the top was for landings. On one side of the top landing strip there were many airplanes docked, awaiting orders to depart at some future time. Towards the center of the platform a very small dirigible was tethered. Next to the small dirigible, a magnificently sized elevator moved planes from one deck to another.
On the other side of the city a supersized statue stood on a raised plinth in a park surrounded by buildings half its height. Several small trees rose to provide some shade to park dwellers and for birds to nest. The statue depicted a well-sculpted man, dressed only in a loincloth, holding a sword to the heavens. The sword towered over the top of the center balloon. The figure was standing with one foot on top of a globe and it was layered in gold reflecting sunlight from its many well-chiseled muscles.
From a distance the scene looked like a painting out of a science fiction book with colorful characters that lived exotic adventures. A small jet landed on the upper flight deck. It appeared to be insignificant in size compared the rest of the floating city.
People stopped what they were doing to watch the incoming aircraft and waved. Of all the people out and about most were walking the city’s edge, some were on Segways, wheeling past as though they were in a hurry, while others flew small kites. Despite the enormous height of the craft’s altitude, the picturesque feel of the scene was one that would steal one’s heart away to a time that one could only dream of.
However, this was not simply a picturesque scene. This was a time of horror for Miranda, Milton, and Joan. Their seemingly lifeless bodies were carried off the recently landed plane by strong men in uniforms, followed by an obviously proud man wearing a patch over his right eye. He carried a small black box. In a single file line they walked to the nearest hatch that led to a set of stairs, down to the main city platform below. Randall Targsworth pointed to a different door from where the others were heading.
“Put them in the infirmary. I will inform Mr. Henninger of our arrival.”

Joan started to wake from a drug-induced fog. Her head hurt more than she could ever remember. She wanted to rub her forehead but her arm wouldn’t move. She immediately thought that she had been in an accident. Suddenly she remembered that Milton and Miranda had been with her when she blanked out. Her stomach clenched. She needed to find out if they were okay. Her head no longer mattered. She tried to move both of her arms, then her legs. All of her appendages were stuck in place. When she worked her heavy eyelids enough to open she became aware of what she was up against.
She sat in a metal chair, her arms and legs tied securely. Before her sat an elegantly carved wooden table. On it, the black box lay open, the stone carapace of the Center Bead, with its lanyard carefully lying to one side and a paper airplane that sat next to it displayed on a black, velvet throw. Her head was still fuzzy. She didn’t remember the paper airplane being in the box earlier. She had seen the open box when Milton was excited to hold the Center Bead, but there was something else... She remembered vaguely that the airplane was of her own design with a needle taped to the nose. There was still blood on its tip, but it had definitely not been in the box earlier.
Memories started to come back to her. Joan started to remember the airplane. She had used it to create a distraction to get the hostages out of a warehouse where Randall Targsworth had abducted Miss Margrette and Milton in an attempt to create a trap for her. The reason that Targsworth had an eye patch was because of her. The needle part of the airplane had stuck itself into his eye during flight.
A question formed in her mind. She wondered how Targsworth had survived the warehouse’s destruction. Then, suddenly, current time coalesced and it all came to her. He had been the cab driver. He had been wearing an eye patch when he turned to laugh at them in the back seat. Then she remembered the lead Brown sitting in the front seat dead, slumped up against the window in her own splattered blood and Targsworth tapping the glass with the silencer end of his pistol.
Anger filled Joan’s heart. Her past was interfering in her life again. “Why can’t they just leave me alone?” She ignored the building pain in the back of her head. She needed to find out what had happened to the others, Milton, Miranda and the other Brown. She used her feet to push on the floor. The chair moved easily. It was on wheels. In her mind she thought of ways to use that to her advantage. Her intense focus was bringing her mind back to normal more quickly. She turned her head to see where she was. It was a very large room with many beds. It reminded her of the clinic back at the Trust, on the third floor above number 27’s office. All kinds of equipment lined the walls. She had no idea what any of it did.
She started to become panicky. She did not see anyone else in the room. She used her feet to turn herself around to take in the rest of the massive room. On the far side there was an operating room type of set up with massive lights over a bed. Refrigerators were lined up next to each other with glass doors that held thin jars and test tubes in racks. Off to the side from the refrigerators was a set of swinging doors. Finally she felt some relief. She found a way out.
But something else caught her eye. This room had many windows lining only one side. All of them were overly large and they all showed the same thing, clouds. Not distant clouds in the sky, but just outside the window. Big puffy clouds one loved to look at to imagine shapes against a forget-me-not blue sky. This was a confusing sight. Where could she be where clouds could be seen in every window but no sky?
She turned away thinking of her lost friends. As she scanned the rest of the room she discovered their location. They were still unconscious and tied at the wrists to vertical pipes that spanned the entire space between the floor and ceiling next to a bulkhead door.
In Joan’s mind she knew that they were still alive, because no one tied dead bodies to pipes. She felt so much better now. Their guard seemed nowhere to be found. That worried her. Joan quickly decided to work at untying either her hands or feet. She pushed herself to another set of vertical pipes. She used the clamps holding the pipes together to catch the ropes on her feet to make them fray. After several minutes without success she heard voices approaching the double doors.
Joan turned around and pushed herself as far back into the center of the room as possible so no one would think that she was trying to escape. Then she let her head fall to one side to feign sleep. Her black hair partially covered her eyes.
Two men walked into the room. They beat a direct path to Joan. One man moved her head back and forth then checked her eyes to see if she was awake. When she successfully managed to fool the man who was investigating if she was awake yet, the other man with him said something.
“People can fake sleep pretty well, but there is a sure way to find out if she is asleep or not. Step back.” His voice had unusual nasally quality to it.
The two men switched positions. Joan became worried. The second man grabbed Joan’s hair pretty roughly and shook her. It took every ounce of energy to not straighten up and bite him on the arm. He then held her head straight. Her stomach clenched, she had a bad feeling about what might come next. The man raised his free hand high and swung at her face. He slapped her so hard that she thought a tooth had been shaken loose. By the grace of some unknown force in the universe, her head flopped around like she was dead to the world. The man let go and she went slack. Her head fell forward down to her chest hard straining a muscle in her neck. The men walked off. The one who watched made comment about the new tactic helping him in the future.
When the doors closed after their exit, Joan lifted her head up again. She shook it vigorously to stretch the strained muscle all the while thinking that she needed to teach that man a lesson when she found him.
When she felt a little better she tossed her hair back to see what she needed to do. She wheeled over to Milton and Miranda and forced the chair to run into them over and over in an attempt to wake them. When she had no luck, she went back to the pipe clamp to work the ropes at her legs again. After many minutes of feeling like she was getting nowhere fast, she wheeled herself over to the window to see where in the hell she had been dragged off to this time.
When she peered out between the curtains the view took her breath away. She could see the edge of the city and the expanse of sky beyond. She couldn’t imagine any place in the world that was so high that one couldn’t see the ground below. Every tall mountain range that came to mind was high enough for the view she was seeing, but the “range” part was always out in the distance, not to mention having lots of snow. The view before her was breathtaking. There was nothing around except blue sky and puffy clouds, lots of them. She felt like she had been taken to the city of the Gods where they peered down on man to observe our insignificance.
The double doors opened. Several people walked in. Joan made no effort to fake sleep, she wanted answers. Randall Targsworth was walking beside a man in a wheelchair. The man in the wheel chair seemed ancient, with the exception that his hair was still blond. He still had visible musculature. His gaze was intense and he exhibited a maniacal kind of aura. It was clear that he commanded the room just by his presence. Perhaps he governed this odd city in the clouds. Assorted other men and women in various types of uniforms followed. As Targsworth, the man in the wheelchair, and the person pushing the chair approached Joan, the others walked past them to their individual workstations.
“I am Damien Henninger. Welcome to Elysian Fields. I have been waiting a very long time for you to visit my home.” Henninger said as he opened his arms and introduced himself in a bold voice.
Targsworth pushed Joan, in her chair, away from the window and brought her back to the table that held the stone cylinder and the airplane. He made it a point to reorient the airplane to point at her. Joan studied what he was doing. She suddenly remembered that he had used the word revenge when they were all in the cab. Joan put it in the back of her mind and responded to Henninger’s comments instead.
“If you wanted me to visit, all I needed was an invitation, you know a proper one, in an envelope with a stamped attached.”
Targsworth laughed out loud. Damien looked over to him and he fell silent.
“I tried the envelope years ago, but I think you wouldn’t remember that at this point. I hear you cannot remember much these days. But that is no matter. What I need from you does not require memories.”
“Or my consent?” Joan added quickly.
“Something like that.” Targsworth said in a snigger.
Henninger looked over to Targsworth again with a scowl. “I suggest that you keep your mouth shut if you want to be paid.”
Targsworth looked away like a child that was about to lose a toy.
Henninger turned back to Joan with his smile renewed. “I don’t want to start our conversation on a bad note. You are a guest in my home.”
Joan looked down to the rope holding to her to the chair. “Funny, I don’t feel like a guest. Where are we anyway?”
“We are on a floating country where the only laws are the ones that I make. It is a city where the greatest of men come to live and work. We conduct all of our business here, away from the archaic laws of the countries that try to stymie progressive ideas, highly profitable ideas. Ideas that...”
Joan interrupted Henninger. “Floating country? I saw no water outside these windows.”
Henninger laughed out loud. Others in the room joined in. “Oh, I think I left something out about our location. When I said floating, I didn’t mean on water. We are above the clouds! And no one knows where you are.” Henninger laughed again.
Targsworth went over to Joan’s wheeled chair and pushed her back to the window. Joan looked out with special interest this time to see how far down she could see. Sure enough, all that she could see, as far as she could turn her head, from one side of the window to the other, was either clouds or the curvature of the Earth far below. The clouds she previously gazed into had moved and the ocean became visible on the horizon. Under her breath she couldn’t help but say, “Oh my God.”
“What kind of work could you do here that cannot be done on the ground?” Joan asked still facing the window.
“My guests and I work hard to make profitable new ventures. For instance, the greatest need in the world is clean water and electricity. An additional tidbit here, our city was once powered by diesel fuel years ago but it became more efficient to convert to electricity. We installed a nuclear power plant and giant electric turbines. Now this city will never fall. It will be powered for longer than even you can live. But not everyone can be allowed a nuclear power plant. There are too many crazy people out there.” Henninger said this to demonstrate his power over other meager beings on the planet. Joan caught his meaning easily.
Joan turned away from the window to face Henninger.
He continued in his monologue. “We are going to focus on creating enough electricity to power Europe then we will focus on the North America. Do you know how we will do that?”
It was clear that Henninger was excited about his latest profitable venture and he needed to gush about it. Joan looked over to her friends.
“We will use arrays of piezoelectric cells in the deepest parts of the ocean. The pressure is fantastic there and will keep a steady flow of electricity to our customers. If you were wondering, a piezoelectric cell can make electricity just by having pressure applied to it. If we make large enough arrays, we can deliver electricity like any other utility. It’s a big investment but we can put all the other companies out of business because ours will be the cheapest, and you know why? Because the pressure is free. No one can regulate it out in the middle of the ocean.”
Joan interrupted Henninger. “What about my friends? Why are they here? You wanted me and me alone. Where is Ms. Brown?”
Henninger paused. He was clearly disappointed at being interrupted. It occurred to Joan that people who thought themselves greater than others must always feel disappointed, or angry at those who did not show proper deference to their brilliance.
He answered her question. “Your friends are here as... leverage. As for Ms. Brown, well... I will have to defer you to Mr. Targsworth for that answer.”
Targsworth made a huge smile. “Let’s just say, she wasn’t needed for our little adventure across the world so I left her behind.”
“Did you kill her?” she asked, turning toward him.
“Does it really even matter? You won’t remember anyway.”
Anger swelled in Joan. She fought against the bonds that held her to the chair. Henninger snapped his fingers and pointed to Milton and Miranda. Two men walked over and straightened her friends up. This got Joan’s attention. She watched in horror as each strong man gave a hard slap against each of their faces. They each woke up in a start, struggling against their bonds. Henninger snapped his fingers again. His men stopped what they were doing and walked away.
Henninger smiled before he spoke, “As I said, leverage.”
Fire burned in Joan’s eyes. “What do you want?!”
“Two things... no three. First, I want your cooperation. That will ensure your friends survival. Second, I need to remove that GPS tag in your arm, and third, I need a vial of your blood. After that, I am done with you. You can all go home. Oh, but wait, I almost forgot. You can’t go home Darcy, I sold you. You’ll be off to the Vatican. Your ride is already en route.”
Miranda shouted out in shock. “You sold Joan to the church!”
Milton stood and fought his handcuffs. He pulled like he was going to pull off his hands. He didn’t care. He had to take Joan away. He pulled and pulled until the man in the uniform returned and hit him hard on his back knocking him to the floor.
Joan growled like a caged animal. Her breathing was full and deep. Someone was going to die. Then an idea came to her. She looked over to Henninger. “If I give you what you need, will you let them go?”
“Yes, and I will even give all of you a tour. This is a magnificent place. Everyone should see it at least once in their lifetime.”
Miranda shouted. “No! Don’t! They will...”
The man turned to Miranda and slapped her in the face preventing her from speaking.
Joan shouted. “Stop! I will give you anything you want. Just promise me that you will let them go.”
Henninger raised a hand. Everyone in the room froze. “I will make that promise. Will you let me take what I need?”
“Yes.”
“Good.” 
Henninger snapped his fingers. A nurse wheeled a small stainless steel tray over to where Joan sat. On the tray Joan saw many types of hospital like instruments and an odd electrical device. The nurse wasted no time. She took Joan’s arm and applied a tourniquet above her elbow on her left arm. She used the electrical device to scan up and down Joan’s arm. When she found what she was looking for she put her thumb over the spot. Replacing the scanner in her hand with a scalpel, she immediately cut into Joan’s arm to dig out what was below the skin. Joan screamed in out in pain.
The nurse apparently had no empathy for her patient, for she never applied any numbing agent to block the pain. Miranda screamed out at the thought of what Joan must be feeling. Milton got to his knees to see what was going on. A moment later the nurse put a bloody pill looking device in a small jar and covered it. She took a syringe and poked it into the fresh wound withdrawing enough blood to fill the entire vial. It was only then that she decided to act like a real nurse. She cleaned and covered the wound with some butterfly stiches and an expertly crafted bandage.
Joan wasted no time to make good on that promise she was uttered. “We’re done, let my friends go.”
“Not so fast. We need to see if your blood is really what I need.”
Henninger turned to the nurse and watched her hand the vile of blood to another person who looked like a doctor. The white haired man prepared a slide with a drop of blood on it. Henninger wheeled himself to the doctor’s work station. All eyes were pointed in that direction.
Henninger took the bloody pill looking device off the tray and placed it under his front wheel of his chair before he rolled over it. It crunched under the weight as he smiled at Joan.
Joan turned to her friends not caring what the device could be. “Are you okay?” She asked softly, feeling really bad about how they had been treated.
Milton nodded.
Miranda asked something real hushed. “You had a GPS tag in your arm? Did you know?”
Joan shook her head. “No but I don’t care about that, we’ve got to get out of here. I have a really bad feeling about what’s coming.”
Milton looked at her. “I had a bad feeling back in the cab.”
Miranda elbowed Milton for the wise comment. Joan smiled a little for a second. Joan used her feet to wheel herself over to her friends. Luckily she wasn’t very far away.
“Can you untie my legs?” They all looked around to see if anyone was watching. When no one was, Milton twisted and used his hands to pull on the ropes around Joan’s feet. To her surprise the huge knot behind her knees was coming loose. Working them earlier made it easier for Milton to almost finish the job. “Okay, stop, not too much. I need to make it look like I’m still tied up.”
One of the big, strong, uniformed, men saw them talking. He strode over and took Joan’s chair and wheeled it back to the carved wooden table where she started. Afterward, he rejoined the group of on-lookers. When all the attention was diverted back to the discussion that was going on at the microscope, Joan rotated her chair around so her back was facing the table. She thought she could grab the black velvet table throw with her free fingers. When she finally got hold of it she used her feet to pull the chair away and move the throw towards the edge of the table dragging everything with it. She wanted the stone cylinder so that she could hide it, but time didn’t work out for her. Jubilant shouts and applause erupted from the group where they had coalesced around the microscope. Joan stopped what she was doing.
Henninger shouted the loudest. “Start the process. I will not wait another minute!” He wheeled himself away as his mad scientists began work at their stations. Joan turned once again to face the workstations were all the men congregated. Henninger used his weak feet to pull himself toward Joan.
“You’ll be glad to know that my little experiment looks promising. If we are correct I will be walking again very soon and I will attain the same life span of your extraordinary body, except my life will be more promising by far. I’m not really sure what the church will do with you but they were willing to buy you for fifteen million dollars. I win either way. That money should cover all that I have lost over the years trying to collect you.”
“You promised to let my friends go.”
“And I will, just not yet. I need to see if the new serum will work then they can go home, after the tour of course, just like I promised.”
Milton looked over to his sister and whispered, “I don’t like the way he says ‘Tour’.”
“I agree. It almost sounds like the tour is a way of getting us somewhere that will get us killed.” Miranda said.
“I’m glad you see it the same way. I think we need to create a diversion to help Joan get away.”
“Great! What do you have in mind?” Miranda said excitedly.
Milton reached into his shirt pocket. “I’m going to get everybody wet.”
Miranda screwed up her face. “What!?”
Milton pulled out the artifact that he had hidden away when they had left the overheated SUV, the small refrigerator magnet with a doorbell on it. He pressed it to the metal bulkhead. Miranda reached over as fast as she could to pull it off the wall, but her handcuffs stopped her in her tracks making a lot of noise.
When no one paid any attention to the sounds that she had made, she leaned closer to her brother to hiss into his ear. “Are you out of your mind?! We will drown if we are still connected to these pipes! If I could punch you right now I...” Something suddenly occurred to her about reaching her dumb brother and she kicked him instead.
Luckily no one heard them. Milton grimaced trying hard to not say “Ouch!”
Several guards walked over to where Henninger and Joan were talking. Joan thought for a second that they were coming for her. Instead they pushed Henninger in his wheel chair away to the operating table. All eyes watched him move in that direction. Joan spun in her chair and finished pulling the velvet enough to capture the stone in her hand. She slowly moved herself backwards all the way back to her friends.
She bumped into Miranda. “Quick, put your legs together so I can drop this into your lap.”
Joan couldn’t see what Miranda was doing but hoped she did as she was supposed to. Joan tossed the stone cylinder to where she thought Miranda’s legs would be. Miranda was in the right position and she let the cylinder roll across her lap stopping at her belt. Joan pulled herself back to her former position by the table, and Miranda picked up the Center Bead placing it behind the pipes that confined her. She slid the stone container slowly down until it touched the floor.
Henninger was lifted onto the operating bed. Nurses were preparing for what looked to be an operation. They went so far to connect thick leather straps to Henninger’s wrists and legs. The doctor continued to work at his work station. Time ticked away. Joan couldn’t take it anymore. She wheeled herself back to Milton and Miranda.
Milton took a long look at Joan’s bandage. “Does it still hurt?”
“I almost don’t even feel it anymore. But I’m more worried about getting you guys out alive. I’m pretty sure they won’t hurt me anymore since I’m now the property of the church.”
Milton cleared his throat. “I have prepared a diversion to help us get away at the right time.” He nodded his head to the wall behind them where the artifact was stuck. Joan’s eyes grew.
“You hid that somewhere after the SUV broke down. I was wondering where it went.” Well at least the artifacts are no longer where they can be easily found.”
Miranda huffed. “He wants to fill the room with water. I told him that it was a bad idea since we are still connected to the wall!” Miranda’s hushed shout caused Milton to back away fearing another kick.
Joan shook her head. “It’s worse than you think. We’re on a floating city.”
Milton laughed causing two of the guards to look over. They all went quiet. But no one came over to separate them this time. “There is no way we’re on a boat. I would have felt the waves by now.”
Joan shook her head again as she had made the same missed connection to the word floating. “Okay let me rephrase that... We are on a city that is in the sky. The city is connected to blimps I guess, I haven’t seen it yet. Anyway, we are a couple miles in the air over the ocean. They said the Trust has no idea where we are.”
Milton’s jaw dropped and hung open. Miranda just looked away her mind reeling. “Mom and dad must be worried sick.” Miranda stated.
“At this point, I think I’m worried sick.” Milton returned.
Miranda made a sudden connection in her mind. “The tour. Henninger almost insists that we take the tour. You want to bet...”
Two men suddenly towered over the three friends. Distracted by their own conversation, they had not heard them arrive. One of the men took Joan back to the carved table. The other started to kick Milton and Miranda, telling them to be quiet. Joan shouted over to the man. “Stop! You’re hurting them, stop!”
The man stopped, and went back to Henninger’s side. Targsworth strolled over to Joan for only a moment before heading back to the operating table. He spoke excitedly on his way by. “Soon we will know everything that we need to know. And you know what happens then? ” He asked, pointing to his eye patch. “Revenge!”
The doctor left his work station holding a vile of clear liquid, his expensive looking machine had just spit out. He crossed over to the operating table where Henninger laid waiting. He was strapped down like he was a prisoner unable to escape. When the doctor spoke everyone in the room fell silent to listen.
“Since we had made extensive preparations for this day, it was relatively easy to separate the DNA from Ms. Darcy’s blood and finish the serum I have prepared for you. However I’m not sure it is wise to do a first trial directly on you. May I suggest that we find a suitable host and...”
Henninger screamed out. “I have been waiting over seventy years to gain immortality. Time is not on my side. Give me the damn shot!”
The sudden screaming silenced the doctor’s objections. He hurried to Henninger’s side and took a syringe from a small table littered with many instruments. He quickly pulled enough fluid from the glass vile to fill half the syringe. With shaking hands he squirted some of the fluid back into the air to prime the injector then emptied it into the already prepared intravenous line. He backed away to his work station, clearly afraid of what might happen.
Everyone in the room watched silently. Joan wished that he would just scream in pain and die. But that wasn’t the case. Henninger gave a great sigh of relief, like he could finally relax. His eyes closed and he seemed to fall into a peaceful sleep. Many minutes passed in this peaceful state. Joan looked over to her friends against the wall. Minton stood to try to get a better look. Miranda, on the other hand, tried to hide behind him. She did not like the way this experiment was going.
Suddenly Henninger’s eyes opened. His maniacal look had returned. He flexed his left arm. The muscle became huge. He pulled it away from the table to take up the slack in the leather strap then snapped it off with very little effort. He repeated the process on all his limbs. Each leather strap broke away in turn. His entire entourage backed away quickly. He sat up without any help then jumped down to the floor. With cat like reflexes he tested the new strength in his legs. Milton sat back down onto the floor. Somehow Henninger not only looked stronger, but bigger as well.
Henninger raised both arms to the ceiling and shouted “By the grace of God I am now greater then all men, a god unto my own right!
Milton didn’t like that sentiment and shouted, “Joan gave you her blood to make you strong again. You can never be stronger than she is.”
Henninger looked over to him before he laughed out loud. “Darcy is so puny. She is nothing compared to me now.”
Targsworth raised a hand to interject. “Can I finish my job here so I can go?
Henninger looked at him approvingly. “You have done well in bringing Darcy to me. Exact your revenge and I will pay you in turn. Then I will play host and give everyone the tour to complete my promise.”
Joan became very nervous. “You said the church paid for my body so you cannot hurt me. You also promised to let my friends go.”
Henninger laughed with such diabolical intent that some of his minions ran away.
“Young lady, if I can really call you young, I never promised what condition your body would be in before the church arrived, and as for your friends, I promised I would give them the tour, and I will give it to them...from the outside.” Targsworth and Henninger laughed together.
Miranda screamed out in fear. Milton stood again and started to pull on the chains with all his might as he shouted, “You better not hurt her! I’ll, I’ll...”
Henninger shouted above Milton’s small rants. “Or you’ll what?” He laughed all the harder. Targsworth walked over to where Joan was positioned at the table. Joan shook away the ropes around her feet. She could move very quickly now. She wheeled herself to the double swinging doors in her wheeled chair. Targsworth had to run to catch her.
Two uniformed men stood on either side of the swinging doors. They stood closer together to block the door, thinking that their presence would be all that was needed to stop her. One of them shouted for her to stop. This triggered Joan to remember the sound of his voice as the man who gave the lesson to figure out if a prisoner was asleep or not.
Joan raced all the harder towards the door intent on teaching these thugs a lesson of her own. When Joan got close to the exit she planted both of her feet down on the floor and flipped herself around in the air. The chairs legs crashed into both men’s chests on its way back down to the floor. They were only prepared to catch a girl tied to a chair on the floor, not a flying one. They fell back from the force. One hit his head against the metal door frame and fell to the floor knocked out. The other lay on the floor surprised and out of breath. He pulled out his weapon and tried to point it at Joan but she rolled the chair around on her back and kicked the weapon away. Joan then rolled the chair over and over until it lay on top of him. She could hear the air being constricted where one of the chair’s legs had landed across his throat.
Targsworth arrived and took the chair off the guard. Joan managed to throw a good kick to his patched eye. He screamed in tremendous pain. Henninger laughed in the background. He seemed content to watch, never intervening.
Joan tried to right herself, but like a turtle she couldn’t do it quickly enough. Targsworth got to his feet and kicked Joan in the head. All of her motion stopped. He bent over and grabbed her hair. He righted her using her hair alone. She screamed out in pain. Milton was shouting out over the chain rattling. “Stop! You bastard, stop!” Henninger was laughing even harder in the background.
Targsworth started pushing Joan, in the chair, back to the table but she used her feet to slow his progression. Targsworth fought and fought until finally they reached his intended destination. He took a huge breath from the effort just expelled before grabbing Joan’s hair again. He reached over for the airplane. He positioned it properly in his hand, needle pointing out ready to stab.
“Let’s see, I think you held this little airplane like this. But I’m not going to toss it, no. I’m not going to chance missing my target.”
Targsworth pulled on Joan’s hair forcefully, pulling her head over the back of the chair, exposing her neck, his fingers tangled in her black hair. He placed the needle point of the plane just over her right eye. “I believe you intentionally aimed it to land in my right eye. So I will take your right eye in turn.”
Miranda sat, thinking, while Milton stood, using all of his weight against his restraints. Blood had started to ooze from his wrists as a result of all of his tugging. Miranda didn’t know what to do. They were all going to die. She steeled herself over the thought of dying then she remembered what Joan had said at the warehouse when they tried to save Miss Margrette and Milton from Targsworth and his armed men.
Courage before bravery, courage before bravery, she repeated what she remembered. Her fears started to subside. She looked at the doorbell button on the wall, the water call button, the distraction for their escape button. She didn’t worry anymore about what would happen. Joan had said that if she could summon the courage to do what was required then Joan could provide enough bravery for both of them. She had a job to do. Miranda pushed the water call button.
Joan looked up at the man terrorizing her, but fear did not well up in her, she remained completely calm. She was prepared to die, what was one eye in the great scheme of things. All that mattered was saving her friends. The church’s imminent arrival looked pretty good right now. At least Henninger wouldn’t kill her friends while members of the clergy were present. That would buy her time. She prepared herself for the worst.

Targsworth looked down on Joan’s right eye concentrating on a one-time, accurate stab. Missing would make him look weak. He didn’t want that. Many people were watching. When he was confident of his aim he raised the paper air plane for the strike.

Henninger watched from a distance almost drooling, anticipating the coming screams of pain. That’s when he noticed that the stone carapace missing from the table.
“STOP!” Henninger shouted.
Targsworth froze. In fact, everybody that was in the room froze. “Where’s the round stone thing that was on the table?” Henninger shouted to everyone in the room. “Find it!”
Targsworth stood away from Joan. He released her hair and put down the air plane back down on the table. Miranda moved over enough to better hide the Center Bead behind her. Milton stopped pulling on his chained cuffs. Blood was now running down his wrists. Henninger ran around the room from one place to another, then to a small trash can where he dumped it onto the floor before throwing it at Targsworth. “Find it!” He shouted with greater intensity.
Targsworth pulled his weapon and pointed it at Joan’s head. Suddenly the city’s superstructure creaked. Everyone stopped moving so they could listen. That wasn’t a sound one wanted to hear when surrounded by that much steel floating in the air. The creaking sound happened again, this time even louder. The communications box that hung on the wall beeped before the captain’s voice could be heard.
“Mr. Henninger! I know that you did not want to be disturbed, but we are taking on water!” The entire city is beginning to list to one side!”
Henninger ran to the speaker box and rammed his hand on the green talk button.
“You idiot!” he yelled. “Open all the ports and doors for God’s sake! We are in the sky, in case you forgot! It will drain.”
“But sir,” the captain tried to explain, “We have been, but the water is coming in faster than it can drain!”
“Where is it coming from?” Henninger shouted. There was another loud creak. All eyes went to the ceiling.
“It appears to be coming from the walls itself!”
Henninger looked around the room. Water indeed poured out from the walls in the room they were in. He shouted, “We are not in the ocean! How can water be coming in...” An idea came to Henninger. He turned on Joan. “What does the stone canister do? Is it an artifact?”
Joan only looked at Henninger. She didn’t speak, her expression remained neutral. Henninger seethed his next words. “Of course it’s an artifact. Where is it?” Henninger shouted again as he slammed the green call button again cutting his communication with the captain.
Targsworth pushed the pistol deeper into Joan’s neck. Joan started to say something but the sound of snapping steel reverberated through the room. She continued when it became silent again. “I can say honestly, that the artifact that was on the table does not cause a room to fill with water.”
The communications box squawked again. The captain was seriously panicking now. “The ship is listing worse now because of the weight and we are losing altitude!”
Henninger ignored the call as the room started to shift quickly. Tables and chairs started to slide towards Milton and Miranda.
Henninger’s panic showed in his voice. “WHERE IS IT!!!” He ran over to Joan. “If this continues we will all die! Where’s the artifact?”
Joan smiled. “What does it matter? My friends and I were going to die anyway. Why not take everybody with us?”
Targsworth ran up to Miranda and put the pistol to her head, he pushed away the clutter that was building up around them to gain a better position to fire the weapon. “Why don’t we kill this one first? I’m sure we will get an answer after the first round is expelled.”
Miranda shouted back. “Don’t say anything. We are all going to die anyway. Let me be the first one.”
Milton kicked Targsworth red with anger. “No! Let it be me!” Milton shouted. The weapon fired into the ceiling, diverted by the kick. Targsworth realigned the gun on Milton.
Joan shouted over everyone. “I dropped it when I attacked the guards at the double doors. It must be rolling around the hall somewhere.”
Henninger nodded to Targsworth to indicate that he should stay with Milton in case Joan had lied. He ran off, up the now steeply angled floor towards the double doors, which hung open. A terrible snap sounded, like a clap of thunder.
Joan’s stomach clenched. “TURN AWAY!!!!” She screamed as loud as she could.
Milton and Miranda both turned away knowing the warning was real if it came from Joan. They turned toward the wall, covering their faces. Targsworth watched them but turned instead to see what was coming. The bulkhead twisted with incredible destructive force. The sound was deafening. Bulkhead metal could be heard ripping. In an instant the bulkhead door closest to them blew off, hitting Targsworth in the head, as part of the ceiling was torn off and swept away into the sky. The sounds of buffeting winds stopped all other sounds from being heard. Paper flew everywhere as it was carried off by the wind. The city turned even more onto its side and dropped in altitude at an ever increasing rate.
Joan’s chair rolled toward the wall, right next to where Milton was chained. “Quick! Untie me!” Joan shouted.
Miranda used her feet to keep Joan’s chair turned so that Milton could work on loosening the knot on the back. In a few minutes Joan was free. She fell on Targsworth, looking for his pistol. When she found it, she pointed it at the chains on Milton’s hands.
“Turn away. I will get you out of here!” She aimed carefully. When she was about to squeeze the trigger Henninger ran across the room at her. Miranda screamed to get Joan’s attention, trying to warn her. Joan turned just as Henninger tackled her. The pistol Joan had been holding was thrown aside. They rolled away, kicking and punching on the steeply angled floor.
Miranda looked over to her brother. “How can we get out of here?”
Milton looked up toward the missing ceiling. The pipes were no longer connected to anything. He pointed up and helped Miranda climb high enough to move her chains above the broken end of the pipe. Moments later followed and they were free.
Miranda picked up the Center Bead and placed the lanyard around her neck. It was bulky, and if Henninger looked at her properly he would notice it, but it didn’t matter now. They needed to find a way out.
Joan and Henninger were still fighting. She had taken some hard hits, but she struck back with amazing accuracy. It was clear that the serum had not fully been absorbed into his body. After several minutes of hard fighting, Henninger was weakening. He fell to all fours with weakness before finally turning away. He ran when he realized that he couldn’t beat Joan in hand to hand combat.
Joan turned back to see her friends climbing down from the pipes, where they had previously been chained. They had used the junk that had started to accumulate at that corner to climb on. Joan made her way over to join them. She pointed up as a way out.
Climbing back to the top of the wall, and over it, they found themselves on the inner runway. The planes had broken free from their tethers and had crashed into one another where the runway tilted toward a side wall. Two jets remained tethered securely to the floor. Through the end of the runway they could see the water coming up fast.
There was still perhaps ten minutes left, Joan guessed. “You need to find some parachutes!” Joan shouted to Miranda.
To their amazement, as if on cue, a uniformed guard pulled his way across the bay to a locker bolted to the floor. They all looked at each other but the guard obviously didn’t care anymore about their capture. Paper flew in all directions carried on the hurricane-like winds being funneled through the enclosed runway. The guard returned to fighting the steep angled deck to reach that cabinet. From their vantage point, they could see that it was locked with a padlock. When he finally arrived, he pulled out a pistol and shot off the lock without hesitation. He grabbed a parachute from within it, put it on, and climbed a ladder to a hatch that would have normally have led to the next deck. When he opened it, it broke free into the sky from the wind. He climbed the last two steps to the top and jumped into the air. After a moment or two they could see him from the back of the landing strip, the parachute deployed, taking him safely away.
Miranda started to climb the steeply angled flight deck towards the same locker hoping to find more parachutes but Joan took hold of her arm. “Give me the Center Bead, I need to finish something first.”
“No”, she said.  “You need to come with us. Milton, get going, pull out three parachutes.”
Milton started off to the locker as he was told, he knew that time was short.
Miranda turned back to Joan. “I don’t care what happens to this nut job, we need to come out of this alive. You need to survive. That’s the most important part.”
Joan shook her head. She shouted back at Miranda. “You need to trust me. There isn’t much time. Take an extra parachute and wait at the top for me. I will be there, I promise.”
Miranda was unsure if she could believe Joan this time. Something felt wrong.
Joan shouted again. “I don’t have time to explain right now. Give me the Center Bead!”
Miranda pulled it from around her neck and handed it to her. “You better be there to meet us so we can fly off together!”
“I will, I promise.”
They nodded to each other. Miranda turned to follow Milton. He was already at the locker pulling out three parachutes. Joan turned back to the hole that led to the infirmary. She had to stop Henninger. He was to powerful, and he would only get stronger after today. She had lied to Miranda, and she felt bad about it. She knew that there wasn’t enough time to fight Henninger and climb back to join her friends. Their lives were more important than hers. Their parents needed them back. She had no family to go back too.
She looked back to her friends one last time. Milton was arguing with his sister and pointing back to Joan. He threw his chute to the floor and started back to rescue her. She loved his unabashed bravery. She would miss him. Miranda took his arm and pulled him back.
Suddenly, she heard a gunshot, and felt the bullet pass by her arm. She turned and saw Henninger holding on to a jet’s wing, aiming his pistol at her. He fired again, but it went wide. She didn’t even move away or duck. She looked back at her friends. They were struggling to put on the chutes with their chains still connected to their wrists. Neither had done this before, and they shouted at each other about who was right. Another bullet went past her. Joan never let her eyes stray from her friends. They were both pointing to the pull cords on each other’s packs. Their arguments went back and forth, trying to decide if it was in fact the correct cord to pull, when the super structure cracked again. The edge where Miranda and Milton sat fell away. They floated into the air, each of them pulling the other’s cord by accident. Their chutes opened, they flew away into the wind.
“Goodbye my friends.” Joan said as she shed a tear for them. “At least you’ll have a normal life now.”
She turned to the job at hand, courage before bravery until the end. She would be brave enough for them all. Before she had taken one step towards Henninger, the paper airplane that she had made as her weapon to fight Targsworth floated toward her in the maelstrom of the paper that flew around the hanger bay. It fell down before her and landed at her feet. She bent over to pick it up.
Henninger fired the pistol again. The bullet had just missed Joan’s head. The act of her bending over to pick up the plane had caused him to miss. He swore loudly. Joan looked up at him and knew what she had to do. He was going to escape in his plane. She started the climb up the steeply angled runway. Behind her the rising water from the water call button gurgled ominously as it poured in from all sides.
The small jet looked like it only had room for one person. It was a very sporty design, and had one engine hanging from each wing. The fuselage was long and protracted, stretching into an elongated conical shape toward the tail. The plane’s three wheels were each secured to the deck by a strap. The canopy, which Henninger had climbed up next to, ran on a slider. It was already fully open as he leaned in to start the engines. His feet dangled out into the air as he hung over the side. The falling city cracked again. Its shudder caused him to fall in. He righted himself quickly in the seat. He played with many buttons and the engines started in a slow whine, quickly picking up speed. The engine noise leveled off at a roar, as evidence of their power.
Joan was getting closer to the plane now. Henninger was busy doing his pre-flight check when he saw her approaching. He reached down to the cabin floor and pulled out his pistol again. He quickly took a shot at Joan. She ducked away. Henninger leaned out of his cabin on the opposite side and shot the pistol at the front wheel strap. He shot the strap clean off. When he looked up he could see that he had very little time left to fly away. He turned back around to the other side of the plane to aim at wheel straps. Joan stood only about twenty feet away now.
Joan looked upon Damien Henninger with a mixture disgust and sadness.
He, however, looked upon her in a very different way. He pleaded with her to allow him to leave. “Darcy! Just let me leave, I can do so much good in the world now that I have your longevity. Let me leave, and I will give you anything you want.”
Joan looked back at the rising water. When she turned back to answer his plea she saw his pistol aimed at her head. She smiled and raised her paper airplane. Henninger laughed out loud. “I don’t have time for this.” He hung out of the cabin as far as he could reach without falling out and pointed the pistol at the next strap to shoot off on the front tire and fired. The other front strap blew off. The plane shifted quickly downward. Henninger sat upright in his seat and throttled up the engines. The plane quickly shifted upwards towards the exit. The only thing holding the plane in place was the rear wheel strap.
Joan closed her eyes as she raised her neck. She took in the wind value. She looked directly at Henninger. He was leaning out of his cockpit so far, that if she didn’t hate him so much, she would have shouted out a warning so that he wouldn’t fall out. He aimed his pistol at the rear wheel. Joan made a last minute adjustment to her paper airplane’s rudder then tossed it into the wind.
The swirling wind in the hanger resembled the inner vortex of a tornado. Anything that was light enough to take flight did. The airplane almost disappeared in and among the flying debris. Time slowed down. Joan stood still, confident that the airplane would find its target. Henninger still hung out of the cockpit, trying to aim properly as his plane shifted under the stress of the engines. The jet moved back and forth, like a rocket awaiting takeoff.
The paper airplane gracefully traveled the same swirling vortex as everything else in the hanger bay. When it came in contact with the deflected thrust off the back wall it changed course away from the rest of the floating trash. It turned almost at a right angle. Its rudders took over, causing the little plane to make a one hundred and eighty degree turn, perpendicular to the trash now flowing in the opposite direction. The paper airplane flew above Henninger’s preoccupied head in a flat horizontal arc then away towards the outer wall. Since it wasn’t powered, it made a slow declination in height towards the floor. The engines thrust rebounding off the wall pushed the paper airplane back up. After the paper plane went up, it came around in a corkscrew maneuver buffeted by all the wind flying around. As it fell, it leveled off and flew very close over Henninger’s back again, straight towards the open cockpit and its control board. The paper airplane breached the canopy area. Its needle stuck into a button labeled “Close cockpit hatch”
Time flew forward again. The hatch slid closed right on Henninger’s mid-section, trapping him half way out of his planned escape. The force of the cockpit’s closure was so powerful that his gun fell away, out of his hand. He shouted in pain. Then he focused his shouts at Joan. He fought and fought against the pressure that held him bound.
“LET ME GO! I WAITED MY WHOLE LIFE TO BE IMMORTAL! LET ME GO!”
Joan ignored him. She walked back towards the water. To her surprise, it had risen so much that she didn’t have to go very far. She noticed a box that was heavy enough to not slide away in the wind or float in the rising water. She pushed it to keep the top edge above the waterline.
Joan removed the Center Bead from around her neck. She wound the lanyard around her wrist tightly. In one easy motion she did a hand stand. She walked herself onto the box to see if it would take her weight. Surprisingly it held her weight without any further modification. She turned her head enough to see how close to the ocean they were. She had only seconds left before they would crash. She wanted to time the Center Bead’s action so they were almost on top of the water. She was working purely on instinct, trying to delay until they were close to the surface.
As she balanced her weight on her hands, if felt like she had done it her whole life. If felt so easy to be on her hands she wondered why she had not done it before today, or had she. Joan shifted her weight to one hand. She used the other hand to stick the adjustment end of the stone carapace into her mouth, and used her teeth to turn it to the instant momentary release position. She placed it on the box and shifted her weight again so that all of her weight was on the stone carapace. It took less than a second for the water to rise high enough to touch it.
“Forgive me my friends. At least I know you’ll be safe.” Her stomach clenched and she squeezed the trigger.
In a brilliant flash of light, what was left of Elysian Fields disappeared, even as Henninger was still struggling and shouting at Joan to let him go. After the flash, Joan was blind and couldn’t see the ocean rising quickly toward her before a tremendous crack split the air. She felt like she was in the center of a lightning bolt as the tremendous crack split the air. Milliseconds before she hit the water, the concussive force of the Center Bead’s explosion changed her downward path to a completely different angle. It blew her sideways and back up hundreds of feet into the air before she finally fell again toward the water. At an odd angle, she met the surface, creating a huge splash and silently slipped beneath, sinking deeply in moments. Joan Anne Darcy didn’t respond or resurface. Her body hung motionless, suspended below the waves.

A Lear jet flew toward a destination beyond the pilot’s line of sight. The pilot and his co-pilot sat at the controls.
The captain pulled down the microphone and placed it to his mouth. “Your Holiness, we will be starting our approach to the floating city of Elysian Fields in twenty minutes. Please put on your seat belt and prepare for landing.”
In the passenger area of the jet, His Holiness, Pope Sixtus the VI, sat comfortably along with two other men dressed in black priests’ attire. The Pope was reading silently, a book open on his lap. As with many other popes before him, he had many years under his belt. White hair graced his head, many wrinkles accentuated his smiling eyes, and he was not as thin as he had hoped to be in his later years. He acknowledged the captain’s address by closing the book, and putting on his seat belt.
The tallest of the men next to him bowed a little before he addressed the leader of the Holy See. He was thin and muscular. It showed beneath his robes, as did his hanging gold crucifix. “Excuse me, Your Holiness, but you must be so excited to finally meet Joan Darcy.”
“Amerigo, I would be the first pope in history to meet a living saint. Excitement is too soft a word to express my feelings right now. Are all of the cameras in place?”
“Yes, Your Holiness. Everything is ready for the most historically important day since Christ rose from the dead.”
The pilot’s voice came over the speaker.  “Your Holiness! I believe there is a problem with the city of Elysian Fields. Please come to the forward cabin.”
All three of the men unfastened their seat belts and walked toward the pilot’s cabin.
“I cannot raise the city on the radio. They are transmitting an SOS over all open lines.”
Suddenly a huge flash of light blinded everyone on the jet. Hands were quickly raised attempting to cover their eyes. Moments later a shockwave crashed into the plane. The pope and his two advisors fell to the floor. The jet abruptly changed course to a downward spiral towards the ocean. Alarms of every kind screamed from the control board.
The two priests struggled to get the pope pulled back to the seating area. Once there, they pulled life jackets out from under the seats. They fitted the pope first, then themselves. They pulled him along to the exit door preparing to leave their now disabled aircraft. The tallest man had a hand on the emergency handle, but suddenly the jet started to level off. The alarms started to turn off.
The pilot’s voice came back on. “We have the vehicle under control again. I am coming around and plotting a course to the nearest airport. I believe we are safe enough to make it that far. Please have a seat Your Holiness, and we will get you home.”
The shorter priest turned away from the exit, ready to storm back to the cabin for answers. The remaining taller priest turned to the pope again, “I don’t know what happened, but I will find out.”
The Pope raised his hand. “Sit, both of you, I know what happened. Joan is at the heart of this, and I am sure that she is the cause of this catastrophe.”
“I will send out the call to have the incident immediately investigated. Perhaps we will get lucky and find which direction she is headed.” Amerigo stated.
“Yes, you do that, but I also believe that you will not find enough information to suggest that she was even on Elysian Fields. Damien Henninger is probably dead. I am very certain that even if you find any information at all that Joan was present, she probably has already disappeared into time and history again. We were so close to bringing her home.”
Pope Sixtus the VI shook his head before he turned away from the emergency exit door and headed back to his seat. He had a very sad, tired look about him. After he sat he made the sign of the cross, and said a prayer for all of the lives that he felt in his heart were just lost.



Chapter 6
The Bad News


A C130 Coast Guard plane flew close to the water toward an imaginary point on the ocean. It was the largest plane on the eastern seaboard that could be secured for a rescue mission. Unfortunately it only had enough room for forty-two people and their gear. Seven large helicopters and one Marine Osprey troop transport vehicle were also en route to that location. Behind that, a Navy hospital ship, the USNS Mercy, was running at full throttle from the naval ship yard in Pensacola. Civilian ships were closer, but reports were coming in of many hundreds of people floating in the ocean, many more than any of the civilian ships could handle. The armada did not spare a single knot in reserve, time was against them.
The C130 was the furthest ahead of the group and had sighted the large floating debris field in the distance. Hands were in the air waving at the plane. Their shouts were drowned out by the noise of the huge engines. The plane circled around the entire debris field. Miss Margrette stood at the rear of plane. She pressed a button overhead and lights in the cabin turned red. Everyone in the cabin were Browns. They were all in wet suites that were the color brown instead of black. Each member worked their gear, making adjustments in anticipation of the coming drop.
Miss Margrette cleared her throat before taking the microphone down from overhead. She hit a button on the ceiling and the rear of the plane opened.
“There are many people in the water. They all need our attention. Unfortunately we are the first responders. Our mission has not changed in over three hundred years. Every member here has their orders. Only after we have secured Joan will we turn our mission to the recovery of others. I do not need to repeat this order. You know what you were trained for. However, I need to tell you that we cannot...” Her voice broke. She paused to recompose herself. “We do not know if our mission will be that of rescue or of recovery. No matter what we find, we still need to set up the nets first to keep out the sharks.
“The possibility of us being in the water for more than twenty hours is very real. The civilian ships are at least that far away, the hospital ship, even further. The Marines lent us an Osprey. That will be our focus. However, I’m not sure of the timing of its arrival. It is vital that we segregate our asset from the rest of the survivors. Chase, you will control the masses. I will take point, focusing on the perimeter search by boat. Browns Amy, Juliet and Truth, you are all with me. Communication will be radio silence and eyes only, unless it comes from me. All of you are equipped to receive my call. Good luck.”
Miss Margrette pressed a new button as she hung up the microphone and the red light changed to yellow. The plane banked sharply. Minutes later the light changed to green. Everyone stood. Equipment too large to carry was tethered to someone’s arm or was on rollers, ready to roll away after the cargo bay was cleared. When the light changed to green, the brown suited women ran at the open door with such ferocity that someone might have just shouted “Fire”. People and equipment fell away from the low moving plane. Small chutes opened over each Brown to break their fall into the ocean. The C130 banked hard, after the last of personage and gear had fallen away, to begin the trek back to its base.
Once the women fell into the water they separated themselves from their chutes. Inflatable boats that were too large to fold up fell into the ocean, each with a large splash. Six floating pallets bobbed up and down in the water awaiting the personal to attend to them. Several groups of Browns attacked each of the floating pallets and pulled the piles of nets out and immediately began to spread them around in a large circle. Each floating pallet served as a link between each of the nets. Other Browns corralled the still living victims toward the nets. Each victim was turned and viewed, eye to eye, before being pushed aside in favor of the next person in a life vest.
People called out, all wanting the Browns’ attention but they did not stop their search, ignoring every cry. In middle of this process of corralling the survivors, a gunshot sounded out. For a moment afterward there was complete silence. Everyone listened. One of the Browns, who stood on one of the large inflatable boats, was holding a rifle pointed at the water. Smoke still issued from the barrel. People suddenly realized the danger of sharks being in the area. That single shot set in motion a panic causing the floaters to rush and swim faster to the almost finished enclosure.
Many Browns lined to entrance to the net, they watched every face that entered. Joan, Milton and Miranda were not among the faces that passed. It took many hours to corral every living victim of the crash into the netted area. The living numbered over two hundred people. In all that time not one Brown spoke. The victims could see their silent communication. One even asked if they were all mutes, but received no answer.
Other Browns had set up armed stations on top of the pallets to keep watch for sharks. After the shot that killed the first shark, others showed up to feast. The Browns kept them all at bay. Shots sounded out one after the other. The search continued.
Miss Margrette had a small boat set up with a motor. Amy, Juliet and Truth accompanied her, one held a rifle, the other two had binoculars glued to their eyes watching the waves. Darkness was due to fall within the hour. Juliet, a short, dark haired Brown, listened to her ear piece. She repeated the message out loud, “The Osprey just radioed. They will be here in an hour and a half.”
Miss Margrette hissed out loud. “Where are you?!”

Dusk had descended on the ocean, darkness fast on its heels. The Osprey arrived. Huge lights mounted on the sides of the plane lit the entire area. Cries of happiness and shouts of joy filled the air. The plane’s huge engines tilted to become a hovering type of craft. It hovered over all of the still floating victims when suddenly it changed direction. The craft shifted to one side then, moved away towards another location thousands of feet away. The crowd’s surprise turned to anger and then to curiosity as they watched ropes dropping from the plane to the surface of the water. Navy Seals slid down the ropes and landing with a splash in the ocean below.
Many minutes later a cage dropped. The entire scene was lit with a brightness equivalent to that of the sun. All eyes were focused on that area. Suddenly the sound of machinegun fire filled the air. A scared silence settled on the crowd as they watched the tracer rounds flying into the ocean. When the cage started to rise with two bodies clearly visible inside it, the floating crowd became incensed. The weapons were fired again. Silence fell upon the bobbing victims. Minutes later the cage was lowered to the water again at a different location. It rose again with two more bodies. Then, to the crowd’s dismay, the Osprey tilted the rotors again and began to fly away. Anger surged through the crowd, many of the floating victims shouted at the top of their lungs. The plane rotated slightly, turning in place, and flew away. All of the Browns started shouting orders to the group. This surprised everyone, as they had been so silent before. The first fishing boat arrived moments later. All of the ship’s lights shone on the flotilla of people except for one. One intense spot light followed the Osprey in the sky as it flew away.

Reid Alwaiss walked towards a part of town that he had never visited before. It was a cold windy morning. He had a paper map folded in a mish-mash pile under one arm so he could stick both of his hands in his pockets. His thoughts turned from excitement on seeing Joan again to wishing he had chosen a better form of transportation, even the bus, instead of braving the very cold weather.
Today he had skipped school for the first time in his life. He kept a vigilant lookout for anyone that might know him. Though he almost always felt afraid, today seemed an odd mixture of exhilaration and drop dead fear at being caught out of school.
He would have never thought he was capable of this, but he couldn’t get the thought of Joan Darcy out of his mind. He dreamed about her almost every night. He had to find out where she was. In his heart, he was hoping she was at that other school across town. He had to see her again.
Perhaps, since that Milton kid supposedly moved away, she wouldn’t have a boyfriend anymore. His heart skipped a beat. She was so beautiful, and she had paid attention to him on more than one occasion. Music filled his mind. Was he going crazy? A girl paid him attention and kissed him! The disbelief in it all overwhelmed him. Yes he was doing the right thing. Yes he had to find her. His mind was quivering at the thought of that one kiss. He was singularly caught up in what his heart was telling him to do. It had been silent for so long. Now it prodded him to find her, to look for her as long as it took, search to the ends of the Earth if he had too. Had he been dead before the kiss and it brought him back to life? He was definitely going crazy.
Even his test scores had started to show his preoccupation with Joan. “How could he live if he couldn’t find her?” His mind never stopped showing what possibilities could exist between he and her. The image of Joan sitting close to him filled his mind. It shifted from talking, to holding hands, then kissing and hugging...
Time passed so quickly. Before long he was standing at the steps in front of Northern High School. The map that had led him across town had fallen away somewhere on his trek but he wasn’t sure where. He pondered his decision to enter. His heart screamed for him to pound the door down but his mind said to use caution. Schools talked to each other. They could easily find out that he was a student who should have been in school at another location.
“How could I be so stupid?! Why didn’t I think about that before I left?” His heart didn’t care about such things. It wanted to be with Joan.
His new impetuous nature didn’t fit well with his analytical side. He tossed what to do back and forth in his mind until a man in a suit stepped out of the building. He saw Reid standing by himself at the bottom of the stairs. He reached back and caught the door before it closed and held it open for him.
“These locked doors are a pain sometimes. I’m glad I saw you before it closed.” The man said as he continued to hold open the door.
Reid started to panic. He had not made up his mind yet if it was a good idea to enter the building. The door being held for him seemed to feel like an insistence for him to move forward. He let his heart free him from his frozen position on the sidewalk and took the few steps up to grab it from the kindly gentleman.
“Thanks.”
The man said “You’re welcome” over his shoulder as he descended the rest of the steps towards the sidewalk.
Reid slowly made his way through the empty hall wondering where the secretary’s desk could be. Perhaps each school was laid out the same way, he wondered.
The bell suddenly rang. Students poured out in the halls. He decided to walk toward the back of the building closer to the parking area. The office at Central was positioned there. Before long he stood with other students in line in front of the main office. He decided to pretend that he was a student at the school and would ask his question just like he would at Central High’s secretary’s desk.
When it was his turn at the desk, he decided to ask his question as if he were a concerned student. “Excuse me. I heard that Joan Darcy is at this school now. Will she be playing Basketball?”
The bespectacled secretary looked down on him. She looked over her glasses on Reid. “The Joan Darcy?”
“Yes.” Reid affirmed.
“I’ll be right back.” The woman left to enter the back office. When she returned she was holding a file folder open. She read as she walked.
Another woman followed behind her. She was wearing a maroon sweater with some fancy embroidery stitched over her left shoulder. She tossed her blond hair back before addressing Reid. “You heard that Darcy was already at this school?”
The other woman spoke before Reid could answer. “How did you hear that Darcy was at this school already?”
Reid became very nervous. “I don’t know. Ah...I heard it... in the cafeteria, I think.”
The first woman gave her input. “It says here that Joan will not start here for at least another week.” The two women looked at each other. “If she’s here early then she can start practice with the rest of the team. That will give us an edge.”
The second woman nodded in acceptance of the idea. She grabbed a microphone and pushed the talk button.
“Joan Darcy to the office please, Joan Darcy, please come to the office.”
People in the halls looked up at the P.A. speakers that hung on the walls. Some groups of students started to talk to each other.
“Joan Darcy is here?”
“The basketball phenom?”
“I haven’t seen her here before.”
The impression that Joan was already going to Northern High had begun. Rumors started to build. The hope of winning the Basketball final that year was becoming renewed. Talk erupted in all parts of the halls. Reid had no idea what he had just started in his search for love.

Clyde Savage sat on his personal jet, annoyed. He didn’t want to go to Syria. Yet here he was, the United States of America behind him, Europe on the horizon ahead, his laptop open in front of him. He had started the research he needed for preliminary testing on the Catholic Church’s propaganda pottery jar and the letter contained within.
Why would his silent business partner call him out of the blue and want him to personally test the fake letter? In his heart, he knew this was a counterfeit letter expressing fraudulent information to the world. This was an expensive fool’s errand. Normally he would be excited to test the document for trace elements that left clues as to its age, confirming that the information was too new to be an original.
This made him smile for a moment. He remembered why this was such an important test, the church was a very slow institution. Usually by the time a decision was made, on any given subject, more than a hundred years may have passed. Consequently, any propaganda placements, such as the jar with the note containing their seal, would be too new to be the real thing. The one aspect that the church never took into account when making century spanning decisions was that society would eventually make historical records so easily accessible that many of its lies could become exposed with just a little research.
His thoughts wandered to the grave that the pottery jar had been buried in. No matter how many times he considered the occupant and any possible connection to the church, or to the Moors, he decided that it probably didn’t matter. The fact that his team had been digging for a long time in an area full of unmarked graves attested to the fact that this guy was nobody of historical significance. It had just been an easy place for the church to slip in an unusual item during a burial.
Among the many other useless items that littered the specific grave site, only the pottery jar stood out as being odd. He had a complete list of all the items found there before he boarded his plane. His head of the dig confirmed that that it was the only pottery jar among all the unmarked graves at the sight. Upon his inspection of all the other items found, he had to agree that the pottery jar was the most unusual.
Clyde thought that it must have been placed after the family had gone, because someone would have known that no one in the family had left it there during the service if it had a church seal on it. Generally Moor graves did not have any items related to the Catholic Church. It had to have been placed later, but before the dirt had been tossed in to fill the hole. Of course care had to be taken so the dirt didn’t break the far.
Clyde’s line of thinking changed quickly. Perhaps the occupant of the grave was not the intended location. Maybe it was the person who dug the graves. That meant that those who buried the jar were the important individuals here, not the deceased. It was conceivable that the undertaker could be connected to the church.
That would change things considerably. It also left open many new questions that, if true, could only be answered by what was found in the other graves. He bent over his computer and left a note in an open document on his laptop to remind him of what he wanted to check for once he arrived at the site.
He then pondered on the pottery jar a second longer. What if the pottery jar was the important item here, not the letter? In most cases it was useless pottery. One of ten million on the planet since the first emergence of fired clay.
A thought suddenly came to him. His site manager had never said if the pottery was marked in any way, just that the churches seal was present. He took out a phone from the side pocket next to his seat. It was ancient looking, in that the phone still had a cord connecting him to the wall. Never the less, he pressed the speed dial number, twenty seven. It took many seconds for a connection to be made. When it finally did, a familiar voice answered.
“Hello?”
“This is Savage. I have a quick question. I am en route doing some background work before I arrive and a thought came to me. How many graves have you dug up at this site?”
“Thirty-one.” The sight manager replied.
“How many had a single pottery jar in the grave?”
“Seventeen or eighteen, I guess.”
“Did any of them have the church seal on them?”
“If memory serves me correctly, in each instance the pottery was broken in one way or another. No letter inside or wax seal. Buuuuuut... I think they were all destroyed by rats or some other small animals. I’ll have to go back and check my records.”
“That might explain why there was nothing left behind. Is the terrain very rocky?” Clyde asked.
“Yes, plenty of places for vermin to run around in.”
“How about markings on the pottery jar, is it painted or tooled in a special way? Is there a way to tell, aside from the seal, that it was produced by the church?”
“Hang on, I’ll grab it.” A second later the man on the other side of the phone had the jar in his hand. “I’m looking at one right now. I don’t see anything out of the ordinary. It looks like run of the mill pottery with a smooth finish. In fact there is no stamp on the bottom either.”
“No mark at all?”
“None. That is rather odd, now that I think about it. Almost every fired clay object has a mark to indicate the potter.”
Clyde considered this information for a moment, wondering what ramifications it might have on his little project. “Little project, yeah right. This was becoming a bigger project by the minute.”
“Collect all of the pieces of pottery that you have in one place before I get there.”
“Yes sir. Anything else?”
“Have a car waiting for me when I arrive at the airport. I should be there in ten hours.”
Clyde hung up the phone. There might be something here after all. The information was in line with what he was thinking that it had to be church propaganda. But something felt different about this find. Something almost called to him, to come and seek the mysteries just discovered. He felt excited about the find… His heart however felt very different.
Suddenly he felt very tired, too tired. He really needed a break from all this intensity. His pulse felt high. He pushed himself back in his seat and felt the pulse in his neck. He looked back at his watch, ten and half hours to go until he landed. He pulled up his briefcase and opened it. In a side pouch he removed a pill case. Shaking out a single pill, he swallowed it. He took the glass of water next to his laptop and took a long swallow. A dramatic sigh left his lips as he returned his almost empty glass to the table. He closed the laptop and put his seat back to try and rest. This might be a longer trip than he had planned.



Chapter 7
The New Boy


A dark cloud hung over the castle. Impending rain could be seen off in the distance. Joan looked out the window, studying the lushly green lowland. Buildings with thatched roofs littered the fields beyond the castle walls. The townspeople were running around trying to corral their animals toward shelters. They ran as though an impending tornado was bearing down on them, instead of just rain. In her mind she couldn’t remember what the name of the town was, but what did that matter, she felt as if she was five years old.
The affairs of the townspeople were not of any concern to Joan and her family. Those who lived in the safety of the castle had different problems to address every day. Today the servants ran around as fast as the townspeople. She thought that there must be a party to get ready for. The servants were grabbing items like vases and paintings then running away with them. It was common practice to move such things before a party. She had seen it many times before.
René ran through the room and grabbed Joan’s hand momentarily as she continued to gaze out the window but he darted away before Joan could reach him. He shouted “C’est a votre tour de me chasser!” In Joan’s mind she knew what he had just said, though it wasn’t in English. It was French for “It’s your turn to chase me.”
It occurred to her that she was not completely in her right mind. She felt as if she were two different people at that same moment in time. Her subconscious felt fully aware, just as well as her body, but they worked separate and apart from each other. In one aspect, her subconscious felt older, wiser but the body part of her felt very young and not interested in her surroundings. The older self needed to study what was going on out the window, the younger had already darted off to find her brother as he wove between all the busy people.
An internal struggle pulled at her heart even though she squealed out at the pleasure of chasing her brother. “Look out the window.” She whispered to herself. “Go back to the window.” The running continued, ignored by her younger body until it ended with her bumping into her father. He was very angry. He bent over and took Joan’s left hand aggressively. He opened his mouth to scold...
Joan’s eyes opened slowly. She lay in a hospital bed looking up. She could feel someone holding her hand. It felt warm. Her vision didn’t clear, though her eyes tried to focus, everything was just endless bright white. She could hear Miranda shouting. She could tell that she was shouting by her tone, though her voice seemed distant, as if she were at the other end of a long tunnel. “Did I just wake up in heaven? Was that Miranda screaming? Who is holding my hand? Mill?” Her heart suddenly raced.
Mrs. Caldwell put her hand on Joan’s forehead and pushed back her black matted hair. “You’re all right child. We have you back home.”
Joan turned her head to look toward the voice, but all that she could see was the same white light everywhere. “Mrs. Caldwell? Are you there?”
“Yes, Milton and I are right here. Miranda went to fetch her father.”
Milton squeezed Joan’s hand. “I’ve been here since you arrived. You’re going to be okay.”
Joan squeezed back. “How come I can’t see anything?”
Lea answered. “Mr. Burnelle warned us that something like this might happen. He assured us that everything would come back in time.”
Joan sat upright in a panic. She turned her head to see if she could make out anything in the room but still her eyes only showed the bright white light. Her head started to feel dizzy and her body became shaky. A sick feeling welled up in her gut. Milton stood to help his mother. Joan fought them, not wanting to lie back down. Mrs. Caldwell could feel how strong Joan really was. It took a few minutes and some encouragement, but Joan finally put head back down on the pillow.
“You’ve been through a terrible shock. Your body needs to rest.” Mrs. Caldwell said as she pulled up Joan’s blankets.
“I’m supposed to be dead. I landed in the ocean without a parachute, full force into the water. How is it that I’m still here?” Joan’s recent memories came flooding back.
In her mind she saw Henninger trapped by his own getaway jet’s partially closed cockpit, yelling at her. The image of the Center Bead in her hand as she was in the middle of a hand stand came to her. Her gut was telling her that doing a hand stand was the only way to use the Center Bead properly and destroy the city. How did she even know how to do a hand stand? Where did she learn to do something like that? It was so easy. Squeezing the trigger... it was too easy, no regret. She remembered the flash of pure white light, then waking up here. Where’s here?
Miranda and her father hurried back to her bed. All four members of the Caldwell family stood to offer support. One hand from each family member touched her arms. She felt the sting of hot tears run down her cheeks. She wished that she could see her family. To think that she had a job to do and not consider what this family would go through without her. She knew now that she always had a home to come back to. The feeling of pure love penetrated her heart and soul. More tears flowed.
“How am I still alive?” Joan asked, choking on her tears.
Miranda said something she thought she could never say of her brother. “It was all Milton. He worked so hard to make sure you and I survived. He was so strong.”
“But how?”
”We were fighting about going back and dragging you up to put you in a parachute. I had to convince him that you had promised that you would come up and collect yours. So we put ours on. The problem was we had never done anything like that before. We put them on in different ways. In our arguing about whose was right, we lost track of the time. The city shuddered and we were thrown off. Our chutes opened but we lost yours.” Miranda suddenly looked horrible, like she was the reason that Joan lay in that bed.
“Turns out neither one of us were right.” Miranda laughed lightly. “Mine was on sideways, Mill’s upside down. Did you know that there are handles that allow you to steer? Well, me being sideways, I couldn’t do anything but scream my fool head off. Mill however managed better. When we watched the city disappear in a flash of light we both saw you get thrown about a mile in the other direction. Mill steered himself until he was right over you and dropped in arms first. He pulled you out. You were unconscious. It took a while but he swam with you under his arm to reach me. We were so lucky that these chutes were also life vests because I couldn’t have swum until the rescue plane arrived.”
Milton squeezed Joan’s hand. She pulled Milton in so hard that he fell over on top of her.
“You’re so brave!” Joan said through more tears.
“It’s always nice to see family reunions.” Number 27’s baritone voice scared them all. He had apparently walked in quietly, while Miranda had been recounting the last moments of the disaster. “I’m so glad that you are recovering well.”
Milton stood again. His bandages on his arms needed readjusting and he played with them as an excuse to hide his tears of happiness from the group.
“Yeah, well, my eyesight is still shot.” Joan quickly commented.
“That may take another week or so. You were so close to the event. You have to remember that the larger the item is that is being absorbed, the light and blast are proportionally greater as well. You made an entire city disappear and you were at its center. It is difficult for the rest of us to even imagine what that felt like. But in the end, the light takes the longest to recover from.”
“But will my eyesight return back to normal?” Joan asked.
“It always does. But you did earn the distinction of making the largest single item disappear in the Bead’s history. The light was registered on many satellites around the Earth and one orbiting the moon.” Mr. Burnelle chucked lightly. “But on a different note, can I assume that you are well enough to answer a couple of questions? We’ve been waiting many days to find answers to some important questions.”
Joan looked around, searching for familiar faces to ask the question that was most important in her mind, but could not see them. “How long have I been out?”
Miranda made a small coughing noise with the answer mixed in. “Four days.”
“Four days! You know how far behind I am in studies now!”
Miranda threw herself on top of Joan in a huge hug. “I’m so glad you’re back!”
Milton shook his head. Mr. Caldwell made a small cough this time. Miranda looked up at him. She realized how ridiculous she must look right then. She stood back up.
Number 27 continued, but with a smile, “The floating city, did it belong to Damien Henninger?”
“Yes.”
“That would explain why we couldn’t find him for so long. What did he do to you?”
“He wanted my blood. He had a whole team of doctors up there working on a serum of some kind that needed my blood to finish. When they put it all together and injected it into his body, he became bigger and stronger. He looked younger somehow too. But he didn’t take the time to let his body absorb it all. When we fought, he quickly became weak and ran away. He tried to use a jet to fly off of the city before it crashed, but... I used the paper airplane to disable it and then... you know the rest.”
“That coincides with the young Caldwell’s story perfectly. Do you think they are all dead now?” He asked.
“Henninger, yes for certain. Targsworth, I’m pretty sure, unless you found him in the water.”
Milton shouted out in disappointment. “Ahhhh! You used the paper airplane! And I missed it. Again!”
“What about the rest of the blood sample?” Number 27 continued as though Milton never said anything. 
“I’m pretty sure that it disappeared with the city. No one grabbed it while I was in that room before the city started to fall.”
“Good. I have a team looking around out there for anything that can connect you to the disaster. If we find don’t anything more, I will recall them. But onto lighter things, I think that we will go back to studying. We have a lot of catching up to do. Miranda, I think that if you read out loud it will improve Joan’s ability to take the upcoming tests. Can I count on you to do that?”
Miranda said “Yes.” and Milton groaned.
Joan asked another question that still burned in the back of her mind. “What about the Center Bead, is it gone? Why didn’t we all die when we fell into the water?”
“We recovered the artifacts. The lanyard was still connected to your wrist when you were saved by Milton here. The Water Call button was found floating on the water some distance away. It is damaged but I believe it can be repaired. And for the last inquiry, the Center Bead will not work in salt water. It was born in salt water, after all.”
“But the Water Call button was attached to the wall in the city. Why didn’t it disappear like the rest of the city?” Milton asked.
“Artifacts cannot destroy each other. They can only be destroyed by natural means.” Number 27 bowed to Joan. “I’m so glad that you are back. We were very worried for a time. Now I must ask that everyone here let you get some sleep. Your busy days start tomorrow morning. Many tests are coming up that you must prepare for.”
Miranda’s expression changed, she had just remembered something.
“Henninger sold Joan to the church. They were on their way when the city fell.”
Mrs. Caldwell’s hands went to her mouth to try to cover up her shock. Everyone took a breath.
Joan broke the silence. “They also removed a GPS tag out of my arm.” She lifted her arm into the air to no one in particular to show the bandage. Number 27 stammered for a second.
“I... that is to say... It no longer worked. I’m glad that it’s out. It was inserted back when you were in Tennessee. It stopped working after about six months.”
Miranda became suspicious. “If it didn’t work, how did you locate us so fast?”
Mr. Caldwell thought it to be a very good question and backed up his daughter. “Yes, that is a good question. How did the Trust find the children?”
Number 27’s expression hardened. He stood a little straighter, resolution filling his next words. “As I said in the beginning, no more secrets. We knew that Joan’s tag stopped working a few years ago, so we had to consider another route, another way to keep track of where Joan was anywhere in the world. Technology has not caught up to discovering the reason why every tag we put inside her stops working.” Number 27 took a deep breath before he spoke again. He seemed very pained about what he had to say next.
“Since there is an inner circle to protect now, I made a decision to change the individual that carried the tag. In my mind...”
Mrs. Caldwell shouted out horror-struck, “What! You tagged my children without telling us?”
“Please let me finish. I decided that since Joan would always be around your children I tagged Milton to give a measure of security...”
Mr. Caldwell stormed around Joan’s bed and grabbed onto Number 27’s coat.
“How dare you be so presumptuous?! How dare do anything you like to our children without asking our permission?!”
The shouting made everyone around them aware of what was going on. All the Browns on the ward ran to the scene. It took no more than a quick second to have Mr. Caldwell separated from Number 27 and pulled to one side where the remainder of them stood between the Caldwells and Number 27.
Number 27’s baritone voice rang out above the shouting. “STOP! Please, everyone calm down. I am quiet alright. Please unhand Mr. Caldwell and allow him to do anything he would like to me. He should have the right, after all.”
The Browns all looked at each other with odd expressions before following their orders.
After the Browns retreated Number 27 continued. “I understand your anger. I thought that such an act would be beneficial, and I felt that asking in advance would make you feel like you were taking advantage of our hospitality. I wanted to avoid that conflict on your part. I can see now that I was wrong in making that assumption. I will make arraignments to have the device removed later today.”
Mrs. Caldwell went over to her husband and spoke in hushed tones. They nodded to each other. Joan’s head went one way, then the other trying to hear what was going on.
Mr. Caldwell turned back to Number 27. “Did the tag locate the children out in the ocean?”
“Yes, we had a good head start in assembling a team before the city fell out of the sky.”
“Without it, we would have no idea where they would be, even now?”
“We have many resources, but without the tag it would have easily doubled our time to locate the survivors. The sharks may have done worse damage without that tag in place.”
Mrs. Caldwell looked over to her son. A tear escaped, streaking down her cheek. “Are you alright with having that tag inside of you?”
With all that had happened in the last two minutes Milton was a little wary about what to say. He had never seen his parents so upset about something so good. Although he might have said no to having it put in his arm a week ago, he now understood how important it was to everyone that one of them carry the GPS tag inside them. He was pretty sure that sharks may have been a little out of his league.
A good feeling inside of him made him nod his head. “Yes, I’ll carry the tag.”
Number 27 nodded. “Very well then, I promise you, going forward, that I will keep you in the loop about our plans for your children before I act.”
Mrs. Caldwell walked up to Number 27 and put her finger in his chest. “And you will do the same with Joan.” 
Number 27 looked down to the floor, then to Joan before turning back to Mrs. Caldwell, her finger still touching him. “I can see how important Joan is to every one of you. The Trust has spent many years taking care of her. I think it is time to relinquish some those duties in favor of a loving home. Something, I’m afraid to say, we may have not have done such a good job at over the years. I will keep you in the loop going forward about our plans in regard to Joan as well.”
“I will hold you to that,” Mrs. Caldwell said before she turned away.
Without much fanfare, Mr. Burnelle turned to head off to an office in the back of the infirmary. The Caldwells started for the elevator door.
Joan didn’t let go of Milton right away. She pulled him in close and gave him a big hug then a kiss. “You saved me in more ways than you could possibly know. Thank you.”
Milton blushed. “You would have done the same for me.”
“Of course.”
“Get some sleep. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Joan nodded again, “Until tomorrow.”

Miranda and Milton walked out of the building and made tracks to the Resident Facilities to start their volunteer work.
Milton started to wonder out loud. “When do you think they put it in? I mean, I think I would remember something like that.”
“That’s true. I’m sure it’s relatively easy to insert but I imagine you would still have a scar or something to show where it went in.”
They both stopped walking. Milton took off his coat and handed it to Miranda. He pulled up both of his sleeves. “Which arm did Joan have the tag in?”
Miranda looked over to his right arm and pointed. “Looks like you have a scar right there.”
On Milton’s arm there was a small line about a quarter inch long half way up him arm. His arm hair covered it up pretty well. Milton put his hand on the scar to feel around. Sure enough he felt a bump under the skin. “Holy... I would remember if I had this put in.”
Miranda tossed the garment over her shoulder and used both hands to feel his arm.
“You didn’t know this was in there? If you press just a little you can feel it. Do boys have less feeling then girls? Well of course they have less, but you didn’t feel this bump at all?”
“Ha, ha...” Milton pushed Miranda.
She laughed out loud. 
“Give me my coat.” He pushed his sleeves down.
“What coat?” Miranda asked, before she ran off to the resident facilities building.
Milton chased her all the way.

After building security buzzed Milton and Miranda in, they headed off to the common room to help out with Ernie and Diegel. As usual, the patients sat staring at the television program TV Land. A cartoon, The Jetson’s, was playing. Nurse Atylie sat with them shuffling cards for them and trying to get them to interact with her.
Milton piped up. “Go Fish today?”
Ernie laughed out loud. Everyone scrambled to take notes but he did not make another sound. It was a weird moment. The table went back to its normal routine after a few moments. Nurse Atylie picked up all of the cards again and reshuffled them. She dealt Miranda and Milton in. The three of them played Go Fish while the two men continued to watch and listen to television. 
Milton went first, asking Miranda, “Got any threes?”
“Anything new going on today?” Miranda asked.
Nurse Atylie responded, “Only that Ernie laughs every time someone says ‘go fish.”
Ernie laughed again. No one moved for a moment to see if more was coming but nothing happened. Play resumed. Milton picked up another card from the deck.
Nurse Atylie asked nonchalantly. “Is it true that you and Joan destroyed a whole city?”
Milton choked on nothing.
Miranda confidently said “Yes,” then “Do you have any jacks?”
“Wow, where did you learn how to destroy cities? Go fish.”
Ernie laughed out loud again. “Ha, Ha, Ha.”
Nurse Atylie asked Milton, “Do you have any kings?”
Milton pulled three kings from his hand and put them down in front of nurse Atylie. “I have three kings.”
Diegel shouted out at the top of his lungs. “Damien Henninger, the fourth king!”
Ernie shouted behind him. “Go Fish! Ha, Ha, Ha!”
The men went quiet afterwards. Everyone dropped their cards and wrote down all the information. 
Miranda asked out loud, “The fourth king?”
Milton shrugged his shoulders afraid to say anything.
On the television there was a commercial for hemorrhoid cream.

All went quiet afterwards. They decided to put away the cards. The food came almost right afterwards. The two men ate willingly for a change. When it was time to clean up Miranda became all too willing to take the food trays back to the kitchens.
Milton thought that this was odd but he didn’t complain. He talked about taking down the city, overly dramatizing his role. In his rendition he’d had a gun larger then he possibly could’ve held, and he had singlehandedly shot out the engines knowing that he could save both Joan and his sister in time before crashing into the ocean.
Miranda walked away. She moved slowly down the hall holding all the trays. She searched as she made her way through the hall, her head turning from one direction to another. When someone approached she became normal again, saying “Hello” as they passed. Her searching steered away from the kitchens towards the back area of the building. Little did she know that the laundry was in the basement area of the building. Deep down, that was where she wanted to go. When she became confused about where she had ended up, still holding the trays, she stopped at the elevators, and the bell suddenly rung announcing its arrival. Miranda was afraid someone would notice how far she was from the kitchen, and she turned to hurry away as the doors opened.
The young man she had met before called out to her. “Can I help you?” he asked.
Miranda bit her lower lip. She was afraid to say anything. She scolded herself for coming to look for him without having found the nerve to actually speak. She started to walk away quickly. The young man ran up and touched her arm. She screamed out of nervous fear dropping the trays on the floor. It made a loud mess. Miranda turned quickly to attend to the mess and ran into the young man who was himself bent over to offer his help. He slipped on a half-eaten piece of garlic bread and grabbed Miranda’s arm to catch himself. This caused him to slide further beneath Miranda’s legs and knocked her to the floor on top of him.
Miranda landed face down on top of the kind young man. Their faces were mere inches from each other. Miranda looked so panicked that her eyes became huge and watery. She was just as horror stricken as the time she’d had to throw grenades at the warehouse to help save Miss Margrette and her brother. She couldn’t even breathe, her heart hammed in her throat.
The young man started laughing at how saying hello became such a mess. His laughing softened up Miranda. He introduced himself. “Hi, I’m Ash Pendleton. The kitchen was further up the hallway. Not sure how you missed it.”
Miranda laughed again. “That’s kind of a long story. I’m Miranda Caldwell.” She looked deeply into his eyes. They were blue, a beautiful blue. Then she remembered that she was lying right on top of him. She rolled over to sit next to him instead.
“Pleasure to meet you Miranda, I was wondering if I was ever going to see you again.”
Miranda looked away, blushing so badly that her ears burned. “I didn’t want to seem aggressive in searching you out. I’m only here for a couple of hours a day.”
Ash put a hand on her shoulder. She turned to face him again. He took his hand back and could see that he had tomato sauce on his hand and that it had left a pretty big mess on her nice sweater. It was his turn to look horror struck.
She laughed out loud more out of nervousness than anything else. A woman walked up to the elevator and saw the two of them sitting in the mess on the floor. The weird expression she had on her face made them realize that she must have wondered why they were just sitting, talking, instead of trying to clean it up. The woman turned away returning back the way she came.
Miranda and Ash looked at the floor. It was pretty bad. Miranda got up first. That was when she was able to get a good look at herself. It looked like she had just walked into a food fight. Many different colored splotches covered his clothing including the gooey hand print on her shoulder.
Miranda took a step forward to reach for a far flung tray only to slip and lose her balance on a wet spot on the floor. Ash caught her. She blushed even more this time. He smiled. Miranda pulled away quickly, taking several steps back.
“I have to go, I’m... I am sorry about the mess but I have to go.” Miranda started to wave at Ash only to realize how childish it looked. She turned in a hurry, embarrassed at her waving, and ran off.

Milton stood away from the table as he finished his conversation with nurse Atylie. “I think it’s time for me to get going. I’m not sure where Miranda went, but tell her...”
Miranda arrived before Milton finished his sentence. Milton looked her up and down. “What happened to you?”
Miranda paused, thinking. She looked down at how bad her attire had been soiled from the food spill. She displayed a measure of shock then changed it quickly to a smile before she spoke. “I spilled the food trays too early into the trash and one of the trays flipped back on me. It’s okay, really. It’ll wash out.”
Milton laughed out loud. “Did a part of my sister fall into the trash too? She would be mortified at how she looked after something like...”
Miranda’s face changed into a scowl. She grabbed Milton’s sweatshirt and grabbed her coat before dragging him away. He quickly grabbed his coat from the back of his chair on the way out.
Once they were outside the building she started in on him. “Why did you have to make such a big deal about how I looked? All it did was draw more attention to it.”
“Because it’s funny when you mess up, usually it’s me. How did you really get all the food on you? Because I know that you just drop off the trays on the counter, you don’t have to bang them out in a trash can like we do at school.”
Miranda looked down at herself one more time then back to her brother. “It doesn’t matter. Just forget it.”
Milton started a sing-song type of melody. “Miranda and a Melman, sitting in a tree, k,i,s,s,i,n,g!” He ran off. “The last time you were covered with food was when you were all infatuated with Melman Tucker back in Unionville, and you fell into your food tray after you bumped into a wall while watching him walk by in the cafeteria.”
“SHUT UP!” Miranda shouted. She ran after her brother, swinging her coat at him. Dangerous intent displayed on her face.
Milton kept singing “K,i,s,s,i,n,g. Is that why you had a bloody nose the other day too? You were watching a boy and walked into a door?”
Miranda ran even harder at him but he stayed ahead of her. They ran all the way back to the apartment.


Chapter 8
Napoléon Bonaparte's Unwitting Role


The next morning Mr. Burnelle walked out onto the ward after the elevator announced its arrival. Joan sat up at the sound of his footsteps. “Are you up early to talk to me?” Joan asked.
As Mr. Burnelle approached he spoke. “It’s interesting how, when one of your senses becomes unable to function in the accustomed way, others become more accessible. Yes, in fact, I have come to see you. I wanted to have a little talk before your friends come and begin your intensive study for exams.”
Joan turned her head a little to hear Mr. Burnelle more clearly. When he arrived at Joan’s bedside he stood on the side that Joan had turned her head.
Joan asked a question that she had been thinking about earlier. “I was wondering. Did you silence the elevator bell in order to have someone sneak in when they put the GPS tag into Milton’s arm? I mean... how did you get someone into the apartment without anyone hearing?”
Number 27 stammered a bit, in embarrassment. “Yes, although I admit that it was not in good form, so to speak, to not ask permission I mean, I am... very sorry about that. We had to place the entire family in suspension, after we got off the elevator with an artifact... and.” Number 27 straightened up ready to fully accept his position on the matter. “We did... I did many things wrong...”
Joan cut him off. “I think it’s all blown over now, it was just a little thing that bothered me that’s all.” I didn’t mean to interrupt your thoughts.”
Mr. Burnelle paused a moment before starting again. He had almost forgotten how observant she was. “The reason that I came up this morning is to talk about our classes. For a little while, until you get your eyesight back, I would like to meet you here in the mornings to try and release that little memory we need to recover. Would that be acceptable?”
“Do I need to have Miss Margrette here with me?”
“If you feel the need to have another person here to give the impression of greater safety, I will have no problem with it.”
Joan turned away for a moment. Suddenly her feelings were tugging at her. He went to great lengths to save them all from the sharks. He had stood up to say that he was the one who gave the order to have the GPS device implanted into Milton’s arm and he had even been prepared to have Mr. Caldwell punch him over the insensitivity of it all. Maybe she could give him the benefit of the doubt, for now. Oddly her feelings for Number 27 felt right considering all that happened. He earned some trust.
Joan turned back to Mr. Burnelle. “No, I think I’m alright with our meetings being somewhat private. When do you think we should start?”
“We can start right now if you would like, provided that you are not too tired.”
“Oh...” Joan was surprised that he wanted to start so soon. “Okay, I guess. I’m not too tired.”
“Today will be a short meeting. We will assess what you have remembered up to this point. Then I will formulate a plan on how to move forward. For starters, I understand that you have had several memories resurface.”
“Yes. One was when I was in the battle at Famars during the French revolution. I also had several dreams about my brother. He died during that time. Unfortunately I don’t know the exact date. But yesterday morning, before I woke, I had a dream too. I don’t think that it’s really a memory, but it felt like one. René was alive and we were playing a game of tag, or something like that.”
“That’s very good. What can you recall about the dream? It will be the specifics that are important.”
Joan looked at the bright white light that surrounded her. What she really wanted to do was close her eyes, to look inside her head to recall a past memory, like most people would do. Unfortunately the bright light still existed when she closed her eyes, so it didn’t help at all. She tried to recall it just the same. But instead a question popped into her head. “Why is it important to remember this particular memory? Why not one where I am in a more current time?”
“The family that you stayed with during that time, the family that brought René into the world, had a close relationship with the Trust. René’s father was, in fact, the first Sir Epheron. He held a high position within the French court. He was privy to many bits and pieces of information that helped us in achieving our goals. He also had unlimited ability to travel throughout the French kingdom, which is how he became to be the first Sir Epheron. In fact, that was his real name. The tile is used in his memory. But he also had a brother who served within the church. This made his life very complex. The memory that you have locked up about the mirror comes from this time period. But today, if you could, just tell me as much as you can remember about your dream. What I learn today will determine what I can share later.”
“What does it matter what I already know? Sharing it all would be very helpful.” Joan said skeptically, suddenly thinking that Miss Margrette might need to attend after all.
“I agree that in most cases this would be true. However, when we use dreams, in place of memories, we have learned that dreams are not always exact representations of events. If I give away too much reality up front, we can be stonewalled by the differences. I don’t have all of the information. If I did we would already know where the mirror is. If I filter the correct information in the right context, we will see how your dreams awaken your memories. When your eyes start working again, I can show you some video about that time period, which might prod even more memories to come forth. The senses are good triggers.”
Joan nodded. She accepted his explanation because he said it with so much conviction. He sounded like he had gone through this process before.
“Okay, the dream I had yesterday... The dream opened with me looking out a castle window down onto the outlying fields where the village was sprawled out below us. The peasants were running around trying to collect their livestock, like an impending storm was almost upon them. Part of me thought that this was odd and wanted to see more. The other part of me felt very young and didn’t care what was going on. My brother René ran up and tagged me before running off.”
“Tagged you?”
“Like we were playing tag and I was it.” Joan expounded.
“I understand, sorry for interrupting.”
“The older part of me wanted to continue looking out the window but even though I pleaded with myself to stay still, my body and my younger personality ran off after René.”
Mr. Burnelle interrupted Joan. “The older part of you, the part that wants to linger at the window is the most important part here. She will be our focus. Please continue.”
“Well, I run after René. The older part of me notices that the servants are running around removing all the important art, you know, like vases and paintings. As we run around it occurs to me that we must be having a party that night. The removal of these important items often occurs before parties. Then I run into father, and he grabs my hand. As he opens his mouth to speak, I can see that he is very angry and I’m afraid of what he’ll say, but I wake up. That’s it.”
Mr. Burnelle nods. He gets off the bed and begins to walk back and forth along its side.
Joan cannot see this but she can feel the cogs spinning in his head. “Well?” Joan asks.
Mr. Burnelle responded after a moment. “I think we have some really good stuff to work with here. It’s not much right now, but I have a couple of ideas about where we can start.”
The elevator dinged. A woman in nurse’s attire walked towards Joan and Mr. Burnelle, holding a tray of food. Mr. Burnelle announced what was coming, to help Joan. “Your Breakfast has arrived.”
“Oh good, I’m starving.”
After Mr. Burnelle left, Joan fought with the nurse about how to eat. Joan obviously needed some help to set up the food but she didn’t want to need help. Miranda and Milton walked onto the ward, past the Browns who were keeping guard. Milton tossed a paper airplane into the air. Miranda huffed in exasperation. Joan could hear Miranda clearly and knew that it was caused by her brother. She was smiling when they arrived. She had hoped that they would show up soon.
“Guess what I’m doing?” Milton said out loud.
Joan assumed that he was speaking to her, since his sister was already upset about something.
Joan tried to guess, “Walking?” since sometimes that was all it took to upset Miranda.
“Nope. You’ll see in a second.” Milton said happily.
Miranda punched her brother in the arm. “How can you be so insensitive? She can’t see, you idiot!”
“Feel, then.” Milton corrected quickly, just as a slight breeze blew through her hair.
Joan turned her head quickly in the direction of her moving hair. “Still playing with paper airplanes?” Joan guessed.
Milton’s footfalls ran past Joan. He ran after the toy. Miranda sat hard at the foot of Joan’s bed. She huffed again but slightly less intense.
“What’s wrong?” Joan asked.
Miranda used her hands to show the nurse that she would take over, helping Joan eat. The nurse nodded in agreement happily before leaving.
Milton answered for her as Miranda guided Joan’s hand to a piece of buttered toast. “She has a crush on a boy at the resident facility.”
“Shut up!” Miranda hissed back. “Mill won’t leave me alone about the whole stupid thing. He’s making me crazy.”
“Is he cute?” Joan quickly asked.
Milton answered once again for his sister. “She won’t say his name and I haven’t seen him yet. But it’s like when she had a crush on Melman Tucker back where we used to live. She used to fall all over the place, spill stuff on herself...”
Miranda jumped off the bed. Joan could hear Milton running around the ward, being chased by his sister.
Joan shouted out the same question, “But is he cute?” again without receiving an answer. Finally after a couple of circuits around the ward, Milton ended up on one side of Joan’s bed and Miranda on the other, each of them out of breath. Milton was still taunting his sister when Joan shouted for them to “Stop!”
Joan said quietly, “I haven’t received my kiss yet.” Milton pushed away the cart that held the food tray so that he could reach Joan and leaned over to give her a kiss. Joan grabbed him instead and pulled him on top of her. She started to tickle him. He was especially ticklish. Miranda knew that she had trapped him for her. Milton laughed and laughed until he lay on his back. Miranda yanked the paper airplane out of his hand and crunched it up into a ball. As Milton laughed, his mouth wide open, Miranda tried to stuff the paper into his mouth. Everyone was laughing now, except Milton. He was trying hard to keep his mouth closed.
The elevator chimed. They all froze.  Miss Tangeer and Mr. Bilstien, the children’s tutors, entered the ward. They had been having a conversation between the two of them, until their eyes fell upon the three students. The scene before them looked like a pile of arms and legs sticking out in every direction on top of a bed full of bodies. Milton spit out the paper towards the ceiling and struggled to stand. Joan sniggered a lot during the process of separation, but in less than a minute Milton and Miranda stood on either side of the bed again. Joan tickled Milton once more, just for the fun of it. He burst out in a raucous laughter for a moment startling everyone in the room. He slapped her hand before stepping out of her reach.
“Having a little fun?” Mr. Bilstien asked.
Miranda, who wasn’t laughing anymore, answered, “Just a little,” blushing wildly.
Minutes later, Miranda was reading out loud, so that Joan could be included in their lesson with Mr. Bilstien, and Milton was on the other side of the room taking a quiz with an absolutely foul expression on his face. The fun had disappeared.
Miranda read on. “Napoléon Bonaparte’s oriental campaign proceeded over the years of 1798 to 1801 beginning with his troops landing in Malta on the ninth of June in 1798. His army saw an early victory at Malta then advanced to Alexandria and Cairo.”
Joan was very bored listening to Miranda read to her. In her mind she had the inclination that she knew all of this already. She could almost see the words that Miranda was going to say next appearing in her mind. Suddenly, it occurred to her that just before Miranda said a word, it appeared to Joan. But if she paused to take a breath, Joan had no idea what was next.
In Joan’s mind the process of her being able to remember, hinged on what Miranda was to say next when she read. She became excited. If Miranda were to say “I’m going to the bathroom.” Joan’s memory would take a break too. The problem that Joan was having with this process was that she didn’t know if the memories that were coming, literally piece meal, were real memories of her being at a specific place in history or if they were just memories of learning the subject so many times before. It left her frustrated.
“After the naval disaster of Bonaparte’s fleet in the Bay of Aboukir, and the Sultan’s declaration of war against France, Napoléon took his forces to meet the Turkish enemy assembling in Syria. Taking 13,000 men with him, he crossed the dessert in 1799 and took Arish, Gaza, and stormed Jaffa where he ordered the massacre of a great number of Turkish prisoners.
“In Jaffa, things changed for Napoléon. His prior victories behind him, confidence ran high among his men. As they approached the city they found it was flanked by towers and high walls. The strategy and tactics were changed to accommodate the situation before them. Ahmed al-Jazzar entrusted its defense to his elite troops including 1200 artillerymen. Napoléon’s whole expedition depended on Jaffa’s capture. The town was one of Syria’s main mercantile centers. But what Napoléon really needed was its harbor, which would provide shelter for his fleet.”

To Joan, some things seemed omitted from the information that Miranda read. Clearly this was not the same version that she had read in the past. Some of her memory was coming back, just as Number 27 had said it would. Inclusion in the classwork did immerse her enough where the connections, which had all seemed broken, were now coming to together again. It occurred to her that Bonaparte sent a Turk to the city commander to order its surrender but the commander decapitated the messenger before giving his order to attack. However, the overwhelming force of Bonaparte’s army caused one of the towers to collapse and Jaffa was taken.
Joan easily recounted this information without Miranda prompting the passage of words into her ears. This time her mind worked to fill in the missing gaps in history as though they were omitted purposefully. Of course Miranda didn’t know any different because this was the first time she was learning of Napoléon’s Oriental Campaign. In the back of Joan’s mind she felt that she knew a great deal about Napoléon Bonaparte.
Mr. Bilstien stopped Miranda from reading. “I think it’s time that we have a short quiz to reinforce what we just went over. Why did Napoléon leave Egypt?”
Miranda answered quickly. “He went to meet Turkish forces in Syria. Bonaparte fought at key points of interest along the way to better his position and provide a safe supply route.”
“Very good.” Mr. Bilstien said. “We can see that not all of the cities were easy to overrun. The hard win at Jaffa is a sign of things to come. Something happens afterwards that will tell Napoléon that his time in the orient will not be long lived. Miranda has done some advance reading before you woke. I will set the next question for her to see if you remember.” Miranda nodded in agreement.
Mr. Bilstien put forth his question. “After sixty days of repeated attacks against Acre and reinforcements coming by sea with the Sultan’s army forming in Asia, what did Jezzar Pasha do?”
Miranda had to think a moment. 
Joan had a sudden urge to answer. She remembered something else on her own. She began to recite from the memories that just unlocked in her mind. “Jezzar Pasha attacked again. The defiant Bonaparte, however, fiercely countered and pushed Jezzar’s columns back against their own walls. Napoléon had a commander named Kléber who had become retrenched with 4000 Frenchmen and 20,000 Ottomans under his command. Napoléon conceived a tactic based on the enemy position that would pull out a decisive win in the battle, but it put himself and his army in terrible danger if it failed. After sending out his cavalry across the river Jordan to defend the river crossing and march on Nablus, Napoléon put himself and his troops between the Ottomans and the magazines, taking the enemy off guard. From the enemy’s vantage point, they were surprised to find the forces coming at them from many points at once. They were forced to retreat. They left behind camels, tents, provisions, and 5000 dead on the battle field. The unusual assault became known as the “Battle of Mount Tabor.”’
Miranda looked at Joan in the now customary expression of surprise.
Joan could feel her eyes upon her and just said, “What?”
“How did you know that? You were sleeping when I read that, days ago.” Miranda asked.
Joan thought a moment before answering. “It sort of just popped into my head. I seem to remember that I collected newspaper articles about Napoléon and this was something I had read about.”
“Newspaper articles? Current newspapers?”
“No, from the early days...” Joan paused, thinking about the present company. She wasn’t sure if the tutors knew how old she was. She changed course immediately. “I meant that I did a lengthy report last year on the subject and I presented it as a series of newspaper articles instead of just a written summery on the battle.”
Miranda nodded in agreement, understanding what Joan was trying to say. “I think that was a great idea to present it in that way.” Miranda pushed the idea further to make the lie sound more believable to Mr. Bilstien. “Was it well received by your teacher?”
“Yes. He gave me top marks.”
Miranda smiled at Joan, and Joan smiled back, each knowing how good it was to finally remember something.
Mr. Bilstien looked between Miranda and Joan with an examining eye, wondering what a he had missed. “So, what happened in Jaffa that became the writing on the wall, so to speak, that was the beginning of the end of Napoléon’s time in the orient?”
Joan didn’t need to think about the answer. It just came out. “Napoléon’s army became exposed to the plague. Many died as a result.”
“Very good.” Mr. Bilstien said. “I have an interesting side note as a ‘Just for fun’ piece of history. It was said that Napoléon visited the sick and dying at Jaffa. Reports from his generals about the plague’s spread prompted him to arrange the visitation to calm his army. He went into the sufferers rooms to speak to the afflicted. However historians say that Napoléon did not want to visit plague sufferers, and when he did, he avoided touching them for fear of contracting the sickness. Some believed that the reports of the generals were invented as Napoleonic propaganda. A painting was produced to further this idea, showing Napoléon visiting the plague victims of Jaffa in 1804. You see, this was no coincidence. Napoléon Bonaparte crowned himself as emperor of France in 1804. In fact what may be the real story here was that Napoléon never visited the sick at all. The painting was commissioned to fool everyone.”
Mr. Bilstien laughed lightly at the fun fact he just delivered but chuckled further as he presented another fun fact. “Also there was a rumor that when Napoléon was rebuffed at Acre he shot his hat over the city wall, by canon, exclaiming that at least part of him had entered the city.”
Clearly Mr. Bilstien enjoyed his little fun facts. He chuckled a little more, but his two students thought differently, each displaying a stoic look. He became more himself after noticing their lack of interest. “Okay, your homework on this segment tonight will be to find out more about the Sultan that waged war against France during this campaign. I want his name and some background before his declaration of open war on France.”
Miranda was taking notes, but Joan just said, “It was Sultan Selium the III.”
Miranda wrote that as well, without missing a beat.
“Good. Let’s take a little break. I’ll be back in fifteen minutes where we will start the next part of our day, Geometry.” Mr. Bilstien left. He met up with Miss Tangeer at the elevator where they took the ride down.
Milton joined Miranda and Joan, who still sat in the bed. Miranda was still writing notes. Joan was getting stiff from sitting around so much, and tried to stand. She fell into Milton’s arms. Milton appeared to want to vent about his course load but changed his mind after catching Joan. He was more than happy to have her fall into his arms, and quickly forgot about his problems. Miranda stopped writing, but had a question for Joan, who was now walking around, using Milton as her guide.
“So... you finally had a memory. Is there anything else that you couldn’t share about the newspaper clippings? I got that impression when you changed gears half way through your sentence.”
Milton stopped helping his girlfriend around. “You had a memory? Why doesn’t anyone tell me anything?” 
“I’m telling you now, you idiot. It just happened.” Miranda bit back. Her annoyance was still evident from earlier in the day. “Now pay attention.”
Joan started walking Milton around again. “Well... it sort of just popped into my head. And when it did it felt like I’ve always known all about it.”
“All about what?” Milton asked, stopping Joan. 
Joan pushed them into walking again and said “About French history around the time of the French Revolution. I just saw into the past where my memories about Napoléon, his rise to power and all his campaigns, came into focus. The whole newspaper thing is because I kept a book of newspaper clippings about his travels and battles. In my heart I can see that I admired him. It feels like his importance in me revolves around what he became in all of us as French citizens, the new France as a world power. Think of it as the pride the British have for their queen. For queen and country is more than just an expression, they would do anything she commanded. We French citizens want that more than anything else too, to be able to trust in a monocracy and offer our life to serve it.”
Miranda quickly asked, “We French citizens?”
This time, Joan stopped walking. She heard what she had said but it hadn’t really registered until Miranda repeated it.
She thought the question in her head as Milton voiced it “Are you still a French citizen?”
“I think I am.” Joan said. “I feel French, if that’s possible.”
Miranda stood and crossed the room to where Joan and Milton stood in the middle of the ward. She put her hand on Joan’s other arm. Miranda added to her previous conversation, but in a lower tone.” That would explain why you knew how to speak the language fluently after the drugged eye contacts affected you when we were still at Central High. You were born in France according to Number 27 so you must a French citizen.”
“Yeah,” Milton said in an equal whisper. ‘But she’s an American now, isn’t she? She’s not French any more is she?” Milton’s pride in his country started to show.
Miranda slapped him in the head from behind Joan. “You can’t change where you were born, stupid.”
“But why is that important now? I’ve been living in America for a while now, so… I’m both.” Joan said between her friends, then continued onto another thing she wanted to talk about. “Number 27 says that he wants to meet with me in the mornings now, since I will be hanging around the ward for a little while until my sight returns. He also said that he wants to create a program of specific memories to share with me so my dreams will change into memories. But I should tell you something. Yesterday morning I had another dream that was part memory. I didn’t mention it because I was just waking after being asleep for several days. But I shared it with Number 27 before you came in earlier. He thinks that it has some important attributes that will help with finding the mirror.” 
They all stopped walking again. 
Milton asked the obvious question. “What did you see?”
Joan recounted the details of the short dream. Mirada let go of Joan’s hand so that she could walk around on her own to think. Milton let go to do the same but Joan pulled him back.
“What did Number 27 say after you recounted the dream to him?” Miranda asked, without stopping.
“He said that the dream was very important in locating the mirror. My father, in the dream, was really René’s father, and he was the first Sir Epheron. I actually got to see him. I now know what he looks like. He held an important position in the Trust all those years ago. He has something to do with hiding the mirror. He died before its location could be revealed, I think. That was the impression Number 27 gave me anyway.”
Milton let her go, and he started to walk in circles with his sister. Joan wandered aimlessly with her hands out in front of her.
Milton asked the next question. “So, this mirror must be very old if he was in charge of hiding it some... what, two hundred and fifty years ago? But he wasn’t your real father. I mean that’s what Number 27 said. Your father ran away and your mother died giving birth. Do you think that was a trick of the dream, was he really your father?”
Miranda countered. “Joan lived in René’s house. It stands to reason that he had parents there, or at least one. Perhaps the man in the dream is René’s father. We can safely assume that the father, Sir Epheron, is René’s father. And because of his importance with the Trust he must have been helping you. There were no orphanages back then, just, sort of, foster families. I’m willing to bet that you lived in his castle with him because it would be easy to hide you in such a large place. And, if he did hide the mirror, he did a seriously good job, for no one to be able to find it in that many years. Just thinking of that one idea, it’s an amazing feat if you ask me.”
Milton tossed out another question. “Do you think that the Napoléon memories that happened today are connected to Joan’s father in the dream?”
Miranda shook her head. “She was just a little girl when she stayed with Sir Epheron. She was much older during the Napoléon era.”
“But how many years difference are we talking about?” Milton asked. “Saying Joan was a little girl means nothing when we are referring to time, look how old she is. Was that around a hundred years before Napoléon? Fifty?” Milton put his hand in the air to further indicate the hopelessness of the matter without more information.
Miranda nodded. “Mill’s right. There could be quite a time difference.”
Joan chuckled. “Mill is right? How often does that happen?”
Milton turned around and slapped Joan on her back side at the insult. Joan turned quickly to catch him but missed. She had a malicious smile.
Mr. Bilstien and Miss Tangeer walked off the elevator. No one had heard it arrive. The teachers were not impressed by the scene before them. By all appearances, the three friends were playing a perverse game of Marco Polo in the middle of the ward. Joan, the blind child, walking aimlessly with her arms outstretched, searching for one of her friends while the other two walked around out of reach.
Miss Tangeer began to speak, but Miranda had a thought and hushed her. “Wait... ”How did Number 27 say he was going to prompt your hidden memories?”
Miss Tangeer was beside herself at being hushed by a child.
Joan answered the question because she could not see Miss Tangeer’s indignant face. “He didn’t say exactly. He said that he had some ideas, but that when I got my vision back he could show me some video.”
Milton stopped walking around at arm’s length. What Joan had just said made him react. “Video! There were no machines that made video back then!”
With that statement Milton, Miranda and Joan’s minds all went into some deep thought. Miss Tangeer, however, turned to Mr. Bilstien with a severely confused look about her. Mr. Bilstien took hold of the situation to get Joan back to her bed. He would deal with Miranda and Milton for letting her walk around helpless afterwards.
Mr. Bilstien burst into the circle of friends and took Joan’s arm. He was a little rough going in, but his intent was to care for Joan, not to attack. But Joan’s gut clenched at the rough capturing of her arm. She reacted immediately by spinning around on the spot. Joan changed the circumstances of who was holding whom in the process. She did an unusual maneuver which put her under him then she flipped him into the air with an effortless ease. Mr. Bilstien made a complete circle in the air before landing on his back upon the floor. His head knocked loudly against the floor boards.
No one made a sound. It had transpired so quickly that the Browns did not have time to react. Everyone in the room stared in shock at Joan and Mr. Bilstien. Miranda caught a glimpse of the three Browns on duty. In her mind, she thought that they were not only surprised at what had just occurred, but were also impressed that a blind Joan was obviously no weaker than one with sight.
Miss Tangeer stood rooted to the spot. She seemed to be in shock. When the Browns ran to intervene, taking the children back to Joan’s bed, Miss Tangeer could not stop starring at Mr. Bilstien on the floor. The nurse ran out of her office and shouted to everyone in the middle of the ward. “Everyone out!” All eyes went to her immediately. Then everyone acted promptly. Milton and Miranda started to escort Joan out. Two of the Browns helped Mr. Bilstien up and walked him to the elevator, Miss Tangeer holding his limp hand. The hallway to the elevator filled with two distinct groups while they waited for the car to arrive. The nurse walked between the two groups and carefully put her arm on Milton’s arm. “Where do you think you are taking Miss Darcy?”
Milton didn’t know what to say. His surprised look spoke volumes about his confusion. The nurse took Joan’s hand from Milton as the bell announced the arrival of the lift. “You’re going back to bed. As for everyone else, get out.” She pointed to the Brown in charge. “When you get things settled, stay on the second level. Miss Darcy needs some rest.”
The Nurse’s tone was still strict and accusatory. Everyone piled into the lift. She removed a single key from her pocket and held it upright for everyone on the lift to see. When the door closed she inserted the key into the side panel. A small light came on above indicating the lockout of the elevator.
The Nurse turned to Joan. “I want you back in bed. No more shenanigans today.” Joan disputed her words. “I’m not sick, I just can’t see very well.”
“I think you can see more than most. I will not have people flying into the air on my ward. You are here for bed rest, not flipping people around at your pleasure.”
The nurse forcibly escorted Joan to her bed.
“But... but...” Joan tried to say, but moments later she was sitting in bed with her arms folded, mimicking Milton’s earlier foul expression over having the rest of the day without anything to do.



Chapter 9
The Long Dead Undertaker’s Ancient Secret


Clyde Savage’s personal plane landed safely in Syria. The trip was long and agonizing. He was beginning to hate traveling outside of the US. Clyde was comfortable in his personal airplane; there was no doubt of that. He was just... tired. If his interest had not been piqued after his last conversation with the director of operations at the dig, this trip would have been worthless, a waste of his precious time. He was now sure that he had wasted his whole life searching for artifacts, artifacts that had no real meaning in his life. He felt as though it was eating away at his soul. If he was honest with himself, really honest, then he needed to stop what he was doing so he could rest. But could he? His absent business partner was relentless. “Was he just a patsy to his business partner’s interests?”
The woman who attended to his needs on the plane approached him while he sat staring out the window. His eyes were focused on the inside of the airplane hangar, specifically on the attendant who had just attached fuel hoses to his jet.
He didn’t realize that she was next to him until she spoke. “We are clear to depart whenever you’re ready sir. A customs agent will be here momentarily. If you wish to stay on board instead, until his arrival, I can bring you a drink.”
“Thank you Selina but I’ll be fine. Let me know when the customs agent arrives.”
Selina left with a smile. She entered the pilot’s cabin and closed the door behind her. Clyde’s mind drifted as he watched the men in the hanger work around his aircraft. They couldn’t leave the hangar until the customs agent arrived, but he could at least remain comfortable here on his plane. Clyde reflected on his strange life, trying to justify his current feelings and ever-present dislike of his work.
All the time he had spent in college, working feverishly trying to dig up information on these weird artifacts, was not really the beginning of his unusual life’s path. He had to stop for a moment to consider his time as a child, meeting his uncle for the first time. That had truly been the beginning of his strange life.

Clyde and his father had gone to the local hospital in Glendale, California, Glendale Adventist Medical Center. His uncle had been lying in a hospital bed, moaning in pain upon Clyde’s arrival. At first glance Clyde had been afraid to enter the room and approach him. The man in the bed really scared him, but his father had pushed him into the room regardless. Clyde tried to remember how old he had been at that time, but that seemed a little fuzzy. He guessed that he might have been around nine or so. Clyde remembered his uncle very clearly. His body had been heavily bandaged. Half of his face had been bandaged too. Clyde guessed that was what scared him the most. But his father had talked to him about his uncle’s condition before entering the hospital room.
His uncle’s name was Alphonse Savage. Alphonse had been plagued by a disease called Autism for most of his childhood. Then, one day, he became cured and was normal. It had been a miracle. After Alphonse had been cured, he had taken a job working at a company that sent him around the world, which was why Clyde had never had an opportunity to see him before that day. But he had been in a terrible accident, and no one was sure if he could recover. He had been brought back here to his home to be with family in his final days.
It had been very important to his father that they visit his brother Alphonse. They didn’t have a lot of family. Clyde could tell by the way that his father spoke of his brother that he had really missed him. The two of them had been close once, Al and Eddie. Before that Eddie had received all the attention, Al became institutionalized. When Alphonse had miraculously become better, things changed and it was Eddie that had faded away and became forgotten. Al had found a great job that had given him travel and excitement, but Eddie had been stuck working in the mill. Now it would be just Eddie...
Alphonse moaned loudly in pain. Clyde backed away a little, fear getting the better of him. Eddie took his brother’s hand, which had made him shout, seemingly in more pain. Eddie had let go quickly but a tear in his eye said that he didn’t want to let go. Later, Clyde’s father had left the room to talk to the doctor, leaving Clyde alone with his uncle. Clyde hadn’t known what to do or say. He had been bothered by the prospect of being alone with the scary man, whether it was his uncle or not.
After several uncomfortable minutes something very weird happened. A yellow light flickered around Uncle Alphonse. It took the shape of what an aura might look like, and then disappeared. Alphonse had stopped moaning and had looked suddenly at peace with himself. Clyde had thought that the Lord was about to take him. He was so shocked at what he had seen that he couldn’t move or speak.
Uncle Al had opened his eyes and blinked a few times. He turned to Clyde and began to speak in a calm, even tone, without pain. “Hello Clyde,” he had said, “I’m glad you came to see me. I have not seen you in many years. You look like you are going to be a big strong young man someday soon.”
Clyde had still been unable to speak. He shook visibly.
Al had continued on as though he had understood his nephew’s shock. “I was wondering if you could do me a favor... you know, after I pass.”
Clyde nodded lightly in agreement.
“The company that I work for has a very good insurance policy. I have arranged for you receive these benefits after I’m gone. I want you to finish the work I’ve started.”
As though in a slight form of shock Clyde’s eyes widened at the news he just heard. He nodded again in agreement not knowing what to say otherwise. “What do insurance benefits mean?”
“There will be a lot of money for you to use to go to college and learn all about archeology. After that I want you to look for specific artifacts. These artifacts are important because the end of the world will be coming soon and these items will allow you survive. If you collect the right ones, you can travel to a new place to live in safety, and provide an important service to humanity by allowing our race to live elsewhere in the universe. Do you think you can do this for me?”
Clyde’s astonishment had been so great that his wide eyes had said everything that he had wanted to convey.
“I left you a list of items that you need to find in a safety deposit box at the bank where my will is. I know this sounds outrageous, but it is the truth. However, you cannot tell anyone. If you start telling people that a few collected artifacts will save you from the end of the world, that information would wreak absolute havoc on the masses and you would not be safe or able to collect these special items. Do you understand? You cannot even tell your father.”
Clyde shook his head. His disbelief had been so great that he could not have comprehended everything that was being said let alone telling his father about them.
Al had understood his nephew’s confusion. “Don’t you worry, you have thirty or forty years to accomplish this goal. You have plenty of time to find all the artifacts. Can you do this for me?”
Noises from out in the hall had stolen Clyde’s attention. He heard his father talking and his voice had become nearer. Clyde had turned toward the door, afraid that he would be caught as if what he was doing was wrong.
Al spoke for the last time. “The others are coming, please do this last task for me, your father, and all of humanity. We would all be eternally indebted to you.”
Clyde turned back to his uncle. He had finally said one word, though his voice had cracked under the strain of the impending task. “Yes.”
Clyde shuddered with the memory of watching his uncle die. In his mind the saw how the yellowish aura around Uncle Al become bright again, then with a flicker of light, it had popped like a balloon. Alphonse had screamed in pain then died a moment later as the doctor and Eddie Savage ran into the room. Clyde had turned away, not out of fear of watching death occur, but because of the incredible secret that had been laid upon him.
His uncle’s death seemed so out of reach now, so distant. The thought of this great secret and of the promise that he had made to a man he had only met once weighed on him. Days after that meeting he had convinced himself that he had imagined all of it. But a month later he knew for sure that every last terrible moment with his uncle was true. A lawyer had told him that he alone had inherited over eleven million dollars from his uncle, while his father had received nothing. It was the beginning of a lifetime of resentment from his father against his only son and his once loved brother.
His thoughts went back to that day and the unusual circumstances surrounding it. He had never understood the yellow aura that had given his uncle such peace, or how its absence had caused him to die. That part bothered him. But the biggest question of all had always been, why would he have entrusted such an important mission to a kid? Who in their right mind would have given a nine year-old child eleven million dollars, with the expectation that the kid would do everything that they were asked to do? What Alphonse had said about his will and the notes being in the safe deposit box were exactly how he described it to be.
Yet, how had his grandfather made the arrangements after he had been hospitalized so unexpectedly? Who was the regent in this matter? Who had arranged to change the beneficiary on the insurance policy? He felt certain that he was not the original beneficiary, especially now that he was older and wiser to the operations of insurance matters. These questions always hung in the back of his mind. On some real bad nights of regret and wine, it made him feel cowardly at not having hired a private investigator to seek out the answers to those questions, questions that he was afraid to voice to anyone else. Questions he should have asked his father.
Clyde’s whole life had been lived as a lie. He never spoke a word about the task assigned to him, not to anyone, not even his silent partner, as he had promised during that strange death bed conversation. Strangely though, he felt often that his silent partner already knew of his work and even guided him sometimes, just like this trip to Syria. But Clyde’s heart was heavy. He had never once let his father know the secret of his crazy fascination with the pieces of junk he sought. His father died never knowing the real reason of the estrangement. Clyde heavily regretted his actions now. He had always wanted to study paleontology and of course he had wanted to make his family proud, especially his father.
Clyde pulled the special watch from out of his pocket. He studied it for a moment. After all these years of searching, he now finally possessed one object on the list. There was no admiration in his efforts, no feeling of accomplishment, just dismay at this result of a life-long effort. Oddly, now he just wanted to toss it out of the plane. If he could talk to his father just one more time he would toss it. But ...
Selina was standing over Clyde waiting for an answer. Clyde was surprised by her sudden appearance. She repeated her question. “Sir, the customs agents are waiting to board. Should I allow them entry?”
“Yes, of course. I’m sorry, I was... distracted.” Clyde stood as Selina moved towards the door. She opened it easily. “Send all my things to the hotel please. Is my driver here?”
“Yes sir. They are waiting just outside the hanger.” Clyde handed over his passport to the agent first in line.

A new yellow Land Rover sped away from the airport. Clyde was being tossed around in his seat. The roads were not in a good enough condition to travel so quickly over the ruts and pot holes. He hung on tightly onto the stability handle over his head. The driver tried to speak to Clyde but he never spoke back. He was still lost in recounting the travels that had taken him away from what his life could have been, his resentment rising again.
When the Land Rover finally arrived at the dig, Clyde struggled to extricate himself from his seat. A slower ride might have felt better he now thought to himself. He should have spoken to the driver, if not just to tell him to slow down.
A small man with glasses approached him. He had a large brimmed hat and an earth-toned cotton shirt, on which he had missed the effort on several of the top buttons, and dusty jeans. He walked to Clyde with an extended hand exuberant at their finally meeting. They had worked together on the same projects, but never once had they interact personally before.
“Hello! I’m so glad to finally meet you.” Henry Stiman took Clyde’s extended hand and shook it vigorously. “Finally out from behind your desk. Well, I collected all of the pieces that you wanted me to get together. I’m not sure why they would be important but I’m sure you have all the answers.”
Clyde looked around the site, baking in the hot sun. “Tell me how many people do I employ here?”
“As of today we have thirteen. There are thirty-two people on site but most are volunteers from the university here in Syria. It was the only way to secure a permit to work here. There are forty-one graves being investigated.”
Clyde nodded his head and started towards the main tent.
Henry saw his boss just up and leave without notice and he hustled to keep up. “If you tell me what we are looking for, maybe I can help you look for it.”
Once they were both in the tent Clyde stopped. There were three men working at the desks in the back of the tent. 
Henry ran in, and bumped into Clyde’s still body. “Uh... sorry about that...” Henry stammered but Clyde put a finger to his lips to indicate his needed silence. Henry shut up immediately. No one had turned around to see who entered.
Clyde whispered to Henry. “Do these people know who I am?”
Henry shook his head, careful not to say anything.
Clyde whispered further. “No one needs to know who I really am. Do you have a brother?” Henry nodded. “Good, call me by his name and tell all of these people to clear out so we can have a meeting.”
Henry started to speak, loudly, so that the others in the tent could hear him clearly. “Maynard have a seat. Can I get you something to drink after such a long flight?”
All of the technicians turned to see who had arrived. 
Clyde answered coolly. “I’ll take a whiskey.”
Henry looked to the working trio. “Can you guys wrap this up? We need to have private meeting about financial matters.”
The three men grabbed their hats and promptly left without any questions.
Clyde took the offered drink and looked up at Henry quizzically. “Maynard? Is that really his name?”
“Yes, although he goes by John mostly now.”
Clyde shook his head in question. “And you couldn’t call me John?”
“That’s not really his name.” Henry returned quickly.
Clyde took a deep breath to calm himself thinking of wanting to hurt the man. He pressed on. “The reason I’m here is to investigate the letter more closely, and the pottery.”
“I collected all of the other pieces of pottery like you asked. I have them all laid out on this table here. They are from many different graves. There is no pattern to their placement. Some of the graves were laymen, some were in a grave with multiple bodies. A couple of the graves were people who were important figures in their life. We are still trying to get a handle on the connection.” Henry indicated a table covered by a dusty cloth on the west side of the tent. “But I’m not sure why the pottery is of importance here? They all appear ordinary.”
Clyde crossed the room to the table and removed the cover flamboyantly tossing it aside. Dust filled the air at the sudden movement of the canvas. He searched carefully over the remnants and pieces scattered across the table. He noticed a piece he recognized as being the bottom of a pottery container. He chose that specific one to pick up. After he looked at it closely, he reached in his pocket and removed a jeweler’s loupe, placing it close to his eye for a better inspection.
“You may not know this, but the church has been known to lie. That note is only as authentic as the person who put it there. If the person who placed the letter in the grave worked for the church then the possibly is very high that the letter is a fake.”
Henry looked shocked. Clyde continued. “The church invented propaganda long before it was commonly used by other governments. It was a way to control information. Today it’s different though. With all the ways science can debunk church claims the propaganda that once was used to control the masses has dissipated. What I’m looking for is continuity between all these pieces of pottery. If it was all made by the same person, as in the pottery that the note was found in, then it will be safe to assume that this is not the first time this same note had been inserted into a grave site before burial.”
Henry poured himself another drink. He couldn’t believe his ears. They were in Syria after all, how could the church control what was placed into the graves of all these people that long ago without being caught? The religion of the area had not changed for more years than he could count and the possibility of someone sneaking into a graveyard at night to deposit pottery jars remained high on his incomprehensible meter. He was very confused.
Clyde put down the piece that he was looking at and picked up the pristine pottery jar that had contained the note. He turned it upside down.
“Look here. You can clearly see a special tooling mark. If you look at this piece over here, it has the same tooling mark. And I’m willing to bet that this other piece over here,” Clyde changed pieces, “will have the same tooling mark too.” Clyde turned over the new piece he had just picked up.
Henry nodded before he spoke. “Sure I already checked for tooling marks, they all have it. I made an assumption that there was only one pottery maker in town, well at least during the time of these insertions as you surmise. It would account for them to be in all the graves, but I also guessed, for a better word for it, that these pottery jars held important jewelry or something to protect it from the looters, nothing more.”
Clyde put down the piece that he had been holding and sat back down in the chair. He took a long sip of his whiskey.
“The letter is a fake. I’m willing to bet my fortune that every one of those graves, where you found a piece of pottery, were all planted. And I would also bet that originally every jar contained a letter, except that all the other jars didn’t survive. The letters decomposed due to exposure to the moisture in the soil, or were destroyed by rodents.”
Henry picked up a small flat piece of metal with a circle on each end. The circle on one end was larger than the one on the other end. The smaller of the two circles had a hole in the center barely large enough to put a pin in, and the larger end had a quarter inch diameter hole. It resembled the little plastic wand that comes in a jar of bubbles, but much smaller.
“What do you think these little metal things are for? We found them in some sites that had broken pottery. Other sites, where no pottery was found, there were no trace of these odd artifacts.”
Clyde took it from Henry and studied it.  “Looks like they’re made of silver.”
“Yes, they are.” Henry proudly confirmed. 
“And you say they were found only in sites were there was broken pottery?”
“Yup.” Henry returned.
Clyde looked at the table of pottery shards. A wild idea fell upon him. He sprung up from his chair and crossed the room in two steps. He took a small hammer from the technicians table and approached the table of shards. He carefully studied the different sized pieces. When he chose a specific piece he took the hammer to it.
Henry dropped his glass of whiskey to the floor as he shouted out. “What are you doing?!”
The shard exploded under the force of the hammer strike. Dust flew everywhere. In the bright light of the table lamps, a glint of reflected light could be seen in the middle of the air arching through the cloud of dust. Clyde dropped the hammer to follow the bright reflection’s path. It took a second of searching but he located the piece of metal on the carpet. He picked it up, taking it immediately to one of the bright lights. It was the same odd looking silver piece found at other sites. In fact it was an exact copy of the other pieces.
“These pieces of silver were baked into the pottery.” Clyde said.
Henry took one of the pieces he found and matched it up to the one Clyde just produced. They were the same.
Clyde guessed out loud. “I have a feeling that this is a key to the note you found. Where is it?”
Henry walked over to the technicians’ table and opened a sealed jar. Clyde met him there and took it from him. He removed the paper from the jar using a large pair of tweezers, careful not to let the oil from his fingers touch it, and looked it over carefully.



“It’s written in Old English.” Henry said.
Clyde glanced back to Henry. “How did you know this note was about the casket?” He asked as he placed the odd silver piece over the letters. The inside of the largest opening encircled a single letter easily. Clyde took the letter and turned it over. On the back there were three rows of short, evenly spaced interment lines. He guessed there were about sixty or more lines and wondered what they were for before turning it over again. He looking at the words closely and noticed that many of the individual letters had a dot under them.
Henry responded knowledgeably. “If you look at the note there is one word that sticks out clearly, “Scrin”. It’s an old English word that means ‘a box to keep very important items closeted away in’. This could very well be the casket we are looking for because it could also mean ‘a box to bury important people in’, as in an adorned box kept for all time. Poor people that died were either just tossed into a hole in the ground or were buried in a plain wooden box, not anything designed to keep for all time, as a casket’s protection would do for the body.”
Clyde looked at Henry. Excitement filled his heart, a true find worthy of his trip across the globe. “This silver thing is a key to find the right letters in order to read a code. What grave was this from? A commoner’s grave or someone who held a high political or military role in life?”
Henry went over to the technicians’ table again. He rummaged around through several piles of papers. When he found the right one, he extracted it from the pile. He ran his finger down the list. “Funny thing about this particular grave, it belonged to a grave digger. Judging from the contents, he had a lot of money, He was buried with the other prominent figures in the cemetery. The records left behind state that he buried thousands in his career. But some of these other pottery jars were located among the plague victims of Napoléon’s army, when he invaded this continent in the early 1800’s.”
Clyde produced a quizzical look. “Napoleon was in Syria?” Clyde thought. He was afraid to admit that he was not well versed in Napoleonic history. He needed to do some studying. “Are there any other records about this cemetery? I mean is there information we can reference?”
“No. But there are some seriously old graves here. I am hoping we can...”
Clyde cut him off. “I think you hit the jackpot already. Stop further digging. I want you to finish studying what has been unearthed already. When you are done I want to know everything about this grave digger that you can find. Check anywhere that there could be old records. I want only the people that I employ to work on this. Leave the volunteers to the site work. This needs to remain as quiet as possible.”
Henry nodded. “Why would the grave digger be important?”
Clyde walked back to his glass to take the last sip of his drink. “Think about it. The person most able to do the work of burying all the pottery jars filled with the fake information from the church is the grave digger. I think he played a greater role in life than just digging holes. I think part of his job was to also dig up history while he dug graves. An odd irony don’t you think?”
Henry scratched his head. “I still don’t understand.”
“Every once and a while, information gets away from the church.” Clyde said. “They acquire all that they can get and set a task for someone who can figure it all out in the future. Time is the codex that breaks all puzzles. If the church waits long enough someone will eventually find every piece of the puzzle. I have a feeling that this note is telling us what the church knows. With my knowledge and the information hidden in this note, I may be able to discover what I’ve been looking for all my life.”
Henry took off his hat and wiped the sweat on his forehead before setting his hat back down. “The casket?”
“Yes, the casket.”
Clyde went back over to the technicians’ table. He replaced the note from the pottery jar back to the sealed container and turned back to his site director. “Where is the wax seal that sealed the jar?”
Henry walked up to the table and produced another sealed jar. He removed the old wax seal from within. He handed it over for Clyde to take. Clyde indicated that he wanted it to be put on the table. Henry put it down next to the container with the letter. Clyde removed his special pocket watch out of his jeans. He opened it and moved it over the letter and seal as if he were using a Geiger counter. Nothing happened. The hands on the watch did not move. Clyde put the watch away and picked up the wax seal.
Henry wondered silently what he was doing but didn’t ask, though his expression conveyed confusion.
Clyde focused on the coat of arms. “What Pope’s sign is on this?”
“I haven’t had time to look it up yet.” Henry said, as he picked up the glass that he had dropped earlier.
“I want all of this scanned and sent to me by encrypted e-mail, both sides of the letter, the seal and images of every inch of the pottery jar. Then I want you to rebury it discretely. Make sure you bury it somewhere that we can get to it when this site is closed down.”
Henry was even more confused. “I don’t understand. Why would...”
Clyde cut him off. “You did great work in finding this artifact but no one else can have the opportunity to handle it. The information is what’s important here, and I don’t want it to fall into the wrong hands. But the original may still hold more clues we have uncovered as yet. Make a copy of the pottery and the letter to rebury in the grave. Let me be clear as to what I’m asking. I want you to make an exact copy of the jar, letter and the seal and bury the copy back in the grave. Bury the real one somewhere I can retrieve it again without the government looking over my shoulder.”
Clyde turned on the spot and left.
Henry was shocked at the sudden dismissal and the unusual orders. Sometimes he was glad he that didn’t know what was going on.



Chapter 10
Relying on Dreams in Place of Memories


Joan was lying in a bed in the hospital ward for the last morning. She had been told that she would be discharged to the Caldwell’s for the rest of her recovery. It was also the day that she and Milton and Miranda would take their tests with the tutors, hopefully ending their sessions. Even though several days had passed since she flipped Mr. Bilstien into the air, he had decided to stay around to finish out the rest of his contract, although fear kept him some distance from Joan in any given situation. Miss Tangeer also kept her distance, although she had less opportunity to cross paths with Joan.
As Joan lay in her bed looking at the ceiling she tried to exercise her eyes in a way to help improve her sight. The effects of the blinding white light had finally started to subside. Shapes were discernible now, and some colors. But her hearing had never been better. She heard the elevator rise up the shaft before it arrived on her floor. In her mind she who knew who it was. The bell dinged before the doors slid open and Number 27 stepped off, pausing just off the car inside the large ward.
“Are you here to see me this morning Mr. Burnelle?” Joan asked out loud.
Number 27 smiled before he continued his approach. “Yes I am. I see that your hearing is as sharp as ever.”
“When can I leave?” Joan asked.
“This afternoon, after you have completed your testing. I think any time before that would affect how the testing would turn out for the young Milton and Miranda. We must keep their needs in mind when making decisions for you.”
Joan made a frown but did not complain. She knew that it was more important that her friends do well in the testing than that she did. She had completed these same subjects many times before. Her needs shouldn’t come before theirs.
Number 27 took a pill container out of his pocket. “I came up this morning to talk to you about your dream again. Remember that I said I had an idea on how to expand on the dream to work out the memory within, perhaps even to hear what your father said at the end?”
Joan nodded but she said “Yes” just the same to reinforce her body language.
“My idea is to hypnotize you into remembering.”
Joan produced a very quizzical expression.
“I’ll give you a little back ground into why I think this might work.”
Joan fidgeted in her bed as be began to speak.
“Back during the cold war there were advances in chemical research and development. Truth serums were becoming the rage to extract information from spies, but something happened. Some people were not affected by the drugs. Other drugs were developed but the same thing happened, not everybody performed as expected by the new drugs either.
“The military on both sides started to investigate other methods of extracting information. One of the most favorable options was to hypnotize the subject. The reason this worked well was because it’s impossible to lie under hypnosis. But again, not everybody is able to succumb to the standard methods used to hypnotize a subject. So another drug was developed. This drug worked almost every time, but it doesn’t make people tell the truth. It makes people more susceptible to suggestion. Hypnosis is all based on suggestion. Now, I know that we are not trying to make you tell the truth today but there is a certain amount of power in retrieving the past when a subject is susceptible to the power of suggestion. The area of the brain being affected is the same. Sometimes this process is used to retrieve past life memories. I’m fairly certain that past lives are just a hoax, but the power of hypnotism is very strong. By referencing your dream during our session, your mind will objectively look at what you dreamed. If we are lucky we will be able to navigate around the dream and discern what was real and what was imagined.
“What I would like you to consider today is not only allowing us to use hypnosis, but also taking this drug. It is called Tricathritonic and it’s a very powerful concoction. I have cut the pill into quarters whereby you will ingest only one quarter. Afterwards I will hypnotize you and we can relive the dream in the present so that you can hopefully remember the parts that are missing.”
Joan considered Number 27’s proposal. “Why do you need to give me the drug? I may be able fall into the trance without it.”
Number 27 paused for a moment. His eyes moved back and forth as he was trying to find a better way of explaining himself to her without revealing more information than he intended to give. “To be honest, this method has already been tried on you years ago, but not in the way we are trying to use it today. Long ago you were hypnotized to try to forget some things between memory wipes. We couldn’t use Tricathritonic more often than the two year intervals you were scheduled, so it had to become an emergency option only.”
“Did hypnosis work alone?” Joan asked.
Number 27 chuckled. “It did for a few weeks, but your memories are pretty strong. Apparently they do not want to be suppressed. During that time, we worked towards forgetting specific information, this morning we will focus on remembering. Since you are pretty good at that, we expect positive results today. But to answer your question about the drug, when we tried hypnosis alone you fought the process. You have a strong mind. That’s why I already know you will need the drug.”
Joan looked down at the pill in the plastic container. She thought about the implications of taking the drug and what she would remember. She looked back up to Number 27’s face even though she could barely see it. “Will I remember what has happened after you wake me?”
“I promise that I will make that the first command after you slip under the hypnosis. That way you will remember every word you say.”
Joan thought further about what was to happen. She did have more trust in the man before her now than when they first met, but she wished Miranda was here with her. Joan had to make this decision without Miranda. She knew that Miranda was studying for her tests right now and that this would only disrupt her day.
“Alright, we can go ahead.” Joan said.
Number 27 nodded in approval. Joan reached out to take the pill but Number 27 pulled back. “You cannot touch the chemical of the pill. Only your tongue is allowed to touch it before you swallow it. I’ll explain that part later. I’ll be right back”
Number 27 returned with a small cup of apple sauce. “Here eat this. The pill is inside.”
Joan did as she was told.
When she was done he took the cup back and set it down on a tray nearby. “Now I want you to recite all the numbers you can recall in French starting at the number 1.”
Joan did as she was told. When she had reached the thirties Number 27 began to speak. He indicated with his hands for her to continue while he spoke so she would have to do two things at the same time. Number 27 spoke about how she had such good friends and then flipped to a story she had never heard about a child in a forest on his way to collect keys. It was a fairy tale of sorts, but unfamiliar. When her spoken numbers reached above one hundred she could start to feel the effects of the drug. Her head began to swim. It was hard to focus on counting and listening at the same time. The fairy tale began to have pieces missing. Her counting began to skip numbers. She tried ever harder to count more accurately but she began to make greater mistakes as time pressed forward.
Suddenly she could see that Number 27’s hands were holding hers. “When did that happen?” He was squeezing one hand then the other in a rhythmic fashion.
When his story ended he said “Close your eyes and keep counting.”
Joan’s counting was over two hundred. Her hands were pulsing. It was uncomfortable, but it helped her keep pace. Her eyes being closed also helped. She became more error free. This made her happy.
Then Number 27 said to “Stop and rest.” He continued to hold her hands but they no longer throbbed. “Take a deep breath and relax.”
Joan took a slow deep even breath.
“I’m going to ask you some questions about the story I just told you. I want you to try to remember what I recited. What did Walddharr # 21 do in the story?”
Joan didn’t have to think. All the information was on the tip of her tongue. “Walddharr #21walked four hundred and forty four separations to collect two hundred and twenty two keys, one from each of the town’s people. He further walked one thousand separations to deliver the keys to his queen. His queen told him that she required an important task of him. He agreed without apprehension.
His task was to find the right key and enter Paaerklaand #1’s tower and to rise to the one hundredth and twenty-third floor and release the woman being held hostage by the evil overlord. To find the right key he had to sort through all two hundred and twenty two keys. The evil overlord hid the key, to release the young woman among those who lived in the town, so no one would be able to find the right key.”
Number 27 touched Joan’s right hand. “Stop. Please open your eyes now. I want you to remember everything that’s said. Do you understand?”
Joan nodded.
“Now I want you to think back to the night where you had a dream about living in a castle as a young girl. You were looking out the window...”
Joan captured the dream in her mind. She was in the dream looking out the window once more. I came easily to her. “The townspeople are running around trying to herd their livestock together. People look panicked. There is something out of view that is scaring them. One of the town’s people even points past the trees that are blocking my view. The clouds are dark. There is a bad storm bearing down on us.”
“Look carefully, is there anything else at the edge of the trees that would be difficult to see before you turn away. Remember you are a child in a child’s mind. The trees might only look like trees because that is what you expect.”
Joan made an expression on her face like she was trying to focus on the view outside the window. “The dream is frozen, stopped. I can see a stick with a shiny tip at the edge of the trees, but not very much of it.”
Does it look like a farm tool, or a pike for an infantryman?”
“It is the top of a standard. I can see it clearly now.” Joan responded.
“Are you afraid?” Number 27 asked.
“No, it represents only one. I can handle one infantryman.”
“There are two of you in the dream locked in one person, an older self and a child. Be the child for a moment. Does it scare you now?”
“No.”
Number 27 made an odd expression at her lack of fear. “René, your younger brother comes up behind you and tags you, and then he runs off. Be the older person now and see what is really going on.”
Joan again easily recounts her dream. “I take off after him. He squeals in delight at having just got away. I laugh at the sound of his joy. We weave through many servants running around the castle. Most are collecting the art that can be easily moved. Their faces show fear. I remember thinking that there is a party later but the fear they express cannot be related to a coming party. Some of the staff are crying as they work on their tasks. One woman turns to me and says something. ‘Run child, run.’”
“Did the same thing happen in the original dream?” Number 27 pointed out.
“No, she is fearful and shouting at me. A man servant runs by holding a painting. He stops to talk to me. I am laughing as I run by. He says to catch René as fast as I can.”
“I am going to ask the same question. Did this man talk to you in the dream you recounted to me before?”
“No, this is the first time that I see his face and can hear him speak.”
“What happens afterwards?”
“I turn away from the man to make my way through the hall full of servants but I bump into my father. I can see René at the other end of the long hallway still running away.”
“What does your father say?”
“‘Where have you been?’ He is so angry.”
“What else does he say?”
“The dream is stopped, he doesn’t say anything more.”
Number 27 stands a little straighter. He ponders for a moment on what was said. Joan sits quietly staring out into the empty space of the hospital ward. He searches around in his mind to see if he can ask just the right question.
“Look at your father again. Are you sure he asked ‘Where have you been?’”
“Yes, his anger scares me. I have never seen him that mad at me before. ‘Où étiez-vous?’ is accusatory. ‘Where have you been?’”
Number 27 nodded in understanding of that which he had forgotten. “Yes, of course it would be in French.” He took Joan’s hand. “I will tap you on the arm and you will wake up on the count of three. One, two, three.”
Joan blinked her eyes. “Are we done?”
“Do you remember everything?” 
Joan became excited. “Yes, I do.” A dawning fell on Joan, “But we didn’t get what you wanted.” 
“But that’s alright. We have improved the span of knowledge you once revealed to me. That’s a great improvement. These types of conversions take time. The mind may never be fully understood, and it is a difficult thing to pulls memories from a dream. The mind struggles with change. You will see that the next time we work on recovering what we want from the dream, it may present itself more truthfully. Your mind needs time to process what it released today.”
Joan shook her head. “But I don’t understand why the dream is so important. I thought we were looking for the mirror? I ran past many in the castle while chasing René. Are any of those the one we are looking for?”
“No. The mirror is not at that location, but the information to help us find it is. It is in a special box called...”
The elevator announced its arrival. Miranda and Milton stepped off the lift.
Number 27 turned back to Joan. “We will talk more the next time we get together.”

Miranda and Milton greeted Mr. Burnelle as he made his way to the open elevator doors. He smiled and said good morning in return.
Milton sat himself on Joan’s bed as asked, “Did you have another session of cracking your mind open?”
Miranda hit him. “Be nice, I’m sure it’s important that he gets that memory.”
“It was a dream.” Milton said. “Honestly, how much can he get that’s worthwhile? What good can come from finding out how many tomatoes fill the shelf at the local grocer or how high you can fly without wings?”
Miranda and Joan both looked at him questioningly.
He knew right then that he must have said too much.
“Do you fly without wings sometimes?” Joan asked.
Miranda began to examine his accidental statement. “I read somewhere that dreaming about flying without wings means...”
Milton immediately turned his attention away, trying to change the focus of the conversation away from his dreams. He saw the cup on the table on the side of Joan’s bed. It held a strange residue. He picked it up and ran his finger around the inside.
“Did Number 27 give you something? What’s this cup for?”
Joan’s eyes grew ten times in size. “Oh my God! I forgot to ask about the pill’s effects on skin.”
Milton tasted the white powder. “Yuck! This tastes terrible. Did you have to take this?”
Joan jumped out of the bed. She fell over trying to find the floor. Miranda struggled to help her and they both fell to the floor.
Once standing, Joan used her blurry vision to grab Milton off the bed. “We have to get you to the bathroom!”
“Why? What’s wrong? I’ll be fine.” Milton said as he tried to pry himself free.
Miranda stepped in front Joan to stop her. “What’s going on? Tell me so I can help you...”
Joan started to ramble about what happened with the drug and why. “Number 27 gave me a small portion of a very powerful drug. It was supposed to help me become sensitive to suggestion so he could hypnotize me. That was how he was able to get more information out of the dream. But he said that no one could touch the powder from the pill. He was supposed to tell me why but he forgot. It is very powerful. We need to have Mill drink lots of water!”
Mill waved it away. “I’ll be fine.” He seemed convinced that he would not be bothered by a little bit of dust and applesauce.
Miranda had an idea. “Let’s put it to the test, shall we. Milton, stand here and put your feet together.”
Milton stood where she wanted him to stand. Joan kept her position, watching through the bleached vision her eyes allowed.
“Now close your eyes and put your arms out from your sides as far as they can go. Now try to touch your nose.”
Milton bent his right elbow to touch his nose. He touched his neck instead. He wobbled a little bit. “It was an accident. Let me try again.” He used his left arm this time with less accurate results, touching his chest instead. Milton opened his eyes. “What the heck?” Milton was confused about why he could not perform such a simple test.
Joan reached out to grab his arm but missed. “Water now, please.”
Miranda said in clear voice “Milton I want you to go and get some water.”
It was like a switch came on in Milton. His eyes became a little glazed. He walked over to a small water fountain across the room and drank. He didn’t stop until many minutes passed and Miranda thought he was in danger of drowning.
“Stop drinking the water and come back here.”
Milton stopped, like a robot receiving an order and returned to Joan’s side.
Miranda and Joan both looked at each other.
Joan was a little afraid. “Do you think he’ll be alright?”
But Milton answered instead. “I’ll be fine.” He waved his arm in the same way as he had when he had been waving off the worry about the drug in the first place.
Miranda smiled before she decided to give another order. “I want you to tell me about the fifteen minutes when I was missing last night at the patient facility.”
“Sure. I went looking for the boy you seem to be crazy about. I found him working in the laundry room. I spied on him for a few minute and listened to what he was saying. He talked about how he had met someone who he was crazy for but he didn’t know what to do because she was always falling down around him and he didn’t know if she was overly klutzy.”
Miranda’s mouth fell open. She clearly hadn’t expected him to say something like that. She thought that he had gone back for more food, or ended up in the bathroom. She walked up to his still form and slugged him. He snapped out his trance and rubbed his arm.
Joan quickly asked “Is he cute?”
“How could you!” Miranda shouted at her brother. She was horrified about what she just learned from her brother.
Milton asked. “Is who cute?”
Miranda looked at her brother with murderous intent in her eyes. “Go stand in the corner and bang your head against the wall until I tell you to stop.”
Milton stood straight again, removing his hand that had been rubbing a sore spot on his other arm. He walked over to the furthest corner of the room and started to bang his head on the wall.
Joan’s eyesight had not recovered enough for her to see him on the other side of the room. She called for him to come back. When he didn’t respond she asked Miranda to tell her brother to stop hurting himself and come back.
Miranda had already folded her arms, ready for a long wait to teach him a lesson, but the elevator announced its arrival. Miranda said out loud. “Milton, stop what you’re doing and come back.”
Milton did exactly what was asked.
Joan hugged Milton as he came into view. She wouldn’t let go.
Without warning Milton started blustering as if he’d just woken up and asked. “What’s going on? My head hurts.”
Miranda followed quickly with. “It’s because you have testing today.”
“That’s right I forgot.
Joan let go and rubbed his head. She could feel a bump already starting to form on his forehead.
She turned on Miranda in a shushed barrage of words. “I can’t believe you would hurt your brother like that!”
Miranda shot back, “Well if you had a brother, you may have done worse!”
The nurse arrived with Joan’s breakfast. Miranda took it from her. When the elevator doors closed for its descent with the returning nurse, Miranda dropped the food tray on the table and walked away.
Joan couldn’t see very well but she still knew that Miranda was hurting. “Mill, why don’t you go sit down over there while I talk to Miranda.”
Milton made the same robot-like acceptance of the order, and did as he was asked. He sat still and silent awaiting the next command.
Joan reached out to her friend and pulled her to the bed. “Sit, please. Why does it bother you so much whether Milton knows or is making fun of a potential boyfriend?”
Miranda started to leak tears from her eyes. “I see how happy you and Milton are especially after what happened on the falling city. I can see that I want what you have, because I will not live as long as you. I won’t have as many years to find the right person. You are so lucky to find the perfect guy for you, even though it is my stupid brother.”
“There is plenty of time to find someone.” Joan said.
“No there isn’t. Don’t you see? You are more than three hundred years old and you were ready to like my brother when he came along. You waited as long as you needed too. I don’t feel like I have the freedom of waiting, and I’m tired of being the third wheel.”
Joan changed gears, accepting the reasoning behind Miranda’s argument. “So why is it a problem to be seen liking this new guy... What did you say his name was?”
Miranda was quick with an answer. “Ash Pendleton.”
“If Ash likes you, then what’s the problem?”
“I don’t know. Just having Mill make fun of him makes me want to hurt him. It’s almost like he’s saying that he’s better than me because he has you. Like I couldn’t do any better because you’re so fantastic...”
Miranda hadn’t meant to say the last part it at all, but it was what she had been thinking. She put a hand over her mouth. She was ashamed. She stood to leave but Joan already had a hand on her arm holding her back. Joan used her greater strength to pull her into a hug as Miranda tried to pull away.
Miranda sobbed lightly. “I’m sorry I’m jealous of Mill and you. I want to experience that kind of connection so badly I can taste it. Even making him look like a fool makes me feel better.” Miranda shouted out a new command to her brother “Milton act like a pigeon.”
Milton stood from his sitting position and began to act like a bird. His hands were tucked underneath his arm pits and he flapped his arms as he strutted around. The girls never even looked at his impersonation as they continued their conversation.
“I don’t know why I can’t act properly in front of a boy. I act like some crazy person. I’m surprised that Ash didn’t run away after we ran into each other with the dirty spaghetti dishes.” Miranda confessed.
Joan took notice of the little tidbit about the spaghetti dishes being spilled over each other. “Wait, you never brought that part up before.”
Miranda blushed heavily. She had now revealed another thing that she hadn’t wanted the others to know.

The elevator arrived for the fourth time that morning. The tutors stepped off. Their view of the students did not make a very good impression. Milton was walking around like a bird trapped in human’s body. Miranda and Joan had finally turned back to see what Milton was doing and they were laughing uproariously.
Miranda spoke out another command. “Milton, act like yourself.”
Milton stood upright again and looked around. “What did I miss?”
Joan and Miranda laughed again.
“Really, what did I miss?” Milton repeated.
When he saw that the tutors had arrived, he moaned out loud for everyone to hear. “Oh no, I was supposed to study before the tests started.”
Miss Tangeer walked over to a table that had been set up for testing with Milton. “You will be fine. We worked so hard, I’m confident that you will be amazing. Now come over so we can get started.” She patted the seat that Milton was to occupy.
Milton looked back to his friends for help. He was confident that he would fail. Joan opened her mouth to offer encouragement but Miranda stopped her by putting her hand on her shoulder. “I can help him.”
“Milton, I want you to remember everything that you have read, all of the home work that you did, and all of the discussions that you participated in. You will remember all of these things and you will ace every test.”
Milton turned on the spot, crossed the room, and sat in his chair Miss Tangeer indicated. He picked up the pencil that had been laid out for him, and waited.
Miss Tangeer produced a surprised expression. She opened her briefcase and removed a stack of papers. “I want you to start with this paper on algebra. You have thirty minutes to complete it.”
Milton started writing on the test paper before she stopped talking. Joan and Miranda looked at each other before smiling. Minutes later, they too were testing.
Mr. Bilstien had arranged an all multiple choice test, where Miranda would read each question, and write her answer. Then she would read the question aloud and record Joan’s verbal answer. There were times when their answers did not match, extracting grimaces from Miranda.
Milton, on the other hand, never said a word. He wrote exhaustively without searching his mind for more than a second for each answer. Test after test, he plowed through each page
When Miss Tangeer suggested that he take a break two hours into the testing, he did not respond. He sat with his pencil in his hand awaiting his next task. At twelve o’clock Miss Tangeer announced the end of the last test. “And... time. Put your pencil down.”
Mr. Bilstien glanced over to Miss Tangeer with the silent question “Are you really done?” He still had several hours of testing to go through with the girls. Miss Tangeer shrugged her shoulders in wonder at Milton hoping that he actually put the right answers down.



Chapter 11
In the Eye of the Beholder


Later that same day, after all of the testing was done, Miranda and Milton helped Joan back to the apartment. Joan was finally released from medical nursing care to the Caldwell’s care. When the elevator arrived at the second floor they found Miss Margrette waiting for them, along with Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell. In the background there was a large banner that said “Welcome Back Joan” in over-large letters. Party decorations littered the apartment’s living area. The festive look indicated that the family was very happy to welcome Joan home again. There were no Browns on the floor that day, to give the family some privacy in their celebration.
Miss Margrette’s presence made the surprise celebration feel more hospitable. When the children got off the lift Miss Margrette joined in with the welcome home shouts but she started her conversation first before anyone else could speak.
“Welcome home! It must feel great to be away from the hospital ward. Being with the family should expedite your recovery. Your test results will be back tomorrow. I’m confident that they will be stellar.”
Milton snorted. “I don’t even remember taking the tests. I’m going to fail.”
“I’m sure that you will surprise yourself.” Miss Margrette assured Milton, then she continued her comments to the entire group “You can all relax today and not provide your services at the residence facilities, but at seven there is a meeting with Mr. Burnelle in his office. This will be the second installment in your education about the Soliceean world.”
Mr. Caldwell spoke up at her announcement of the class later. “We were all going to listen to a concert by...”
“I’m sorry, but this is very important. Can we arrange to watch the concert later?” Miss Margrette asked openly. She sincerely felt for the family. She thought it wasn’t in good taste to have a meeting on Joan’s first day out of the hospital, but Mr. Burnelle insisted that it be today. And, of course, she had to do her job.
“I’ll record it, I guess, and we can watch it tomorrow.” Mr. Caldwell stated in a defeated tone.
Joan let go of Milton and searched out Mr. Caldwell on her own. Everyone in the room let her work it out on her own. She searched for a man through her blurred vision. When she found Mr. Caldwell she hugged him. “It will be fine. I’ve been cooped up and I want to get out and do something.” Joan said quietly in his ear. “The concert sounds great and I will be happy to enjoy it tomorrow with everyone.”
Mr. Caldwell hugged Joan back. They had never hugged before. The unsaid things between them were understood and he somehow felt closer to Joan then he had since they met. She appreciated his fatherly position. He tried to respond to Miss Margrette’s comment but found that his throat was unexpectedly constricted.
Mrs. Caldwell spoke for him. She never took her eyes off their embrace. She could feel the tender moment between them. “We will attend the meeting.”
“Very well, I will be back in time to escort you over.” To the children she said “If all of the test results indicate that you are ready, and I’m sure that they will, you will all be attending a new school on Monday. Make sure that you plan for us to pick you up at seven. There are four weeks left of the school year. We need you to act as normal as possible and finish out the regular school year. I have also arranged to have Miranda attend the same classes as Joan so that she can assist Joan until her eyesight has fully recovered. Her poor eye sight will actually help keep her hidden as you finish out the year. Hiding in plain sight usually works very well, but it will only work if all of you to play your roles.”
Milton moaned out loud. He was already tired of so much school work. Miranda, on the other hand, was ecstatic about the prospect of going back. Her smile said everything.
Miss Margrette nodded to the Caldwell parents before she left. “Enjoy your reunion. I will see you at ten minutes before seven.” On that last note she departed.
Everyone watched her leave, except Joan. Her eyes still focused on the hanging banner. She could barely make out the letters but she knew what it said. She was overwhelmed at the fact that the Caldwells still wanted her around. Not just around, but accepted as a family member. A tear broke the barrier, she quickly brushed it away. She loved having a family.
Together they celebrated Joan’s return from the hospital ward. A large meal had been prepared and there was cake. Joan didn’t have much cake in the orphanages where she had been hidden over the years. She was always ecstatic when it was available. As with all of her lost memories, the idea of cake felt right even though she couldn’t really remember not having enough of it.

At ten to seven Miss Margrette came up in the elevator.
Mr. Caldwell commented “You could set a watch to her promptness.” He had to whisper his last words as the door opened.
Miss Margrette never left the lift. She expected everyone to know why she was there and they promptly entered as she moved to one side to allow them more space. Silence accompanied them all the way down the elevator and through the tunnel. But when they crossed the parking lot, as a group, to the main building, Milton couldn’t help asking one burning question on his mind.
“What would happen if one of us didn’t pass our tests? I mean we all worked hard but some of us don’t test as well as the others.”
Mrs. Caldwell looked at her son. “Do you mean to tell me that you think you didn’t pass your testing?”
Milton shrank away. “I didn’t mean me so much as...”
Mrs. Caldwell rose to a height that suggested that everyone should clear out.
Mr. Caldwell recognized her expression and spoke very quickly. “Everyone, I think we should give Milton and his mother a moment. We can go on to the meeting; they will catch up with us in a minute.”
Everyone shuffled away to give the coming argument some privacy. When everyone had taken a seat in one of the comfortable leather chairs in Mr. Burnelle’s office, the elevator announce its arrival again. A flushed Milton and his mother got off as Miss Margrette stepped in to leave.
Milton, angry and red faced, hurried over to sit next to Joan at the end of the line of chairs. After he sat hard upon the leather chair he leaned to one side and spoke in a hushed tone. “Mom says that I will have to stay behind and repeat this year if I fail those tests we took earlier today! Problem is, I can’t remember even one minute of taking any of them.”
Miranda put one hand on Joan’s and whispered into her ear before Joan could lean in to comfort Milton. “He’ll be fine, you’ll see.”
“Are you sure?” Joan asked, concerned.
“Oh, I’m sure. He may have scored better than us.”
Joan put a hand on Milton’s. She whispered in his ear. He began to relax a little as Mr. Burnelle began his lesson.

“I know that it is somewhat rude of me to insist that you all attend this meeting today, but there is an announcement that will air on the television in twenty minutes. What I mean to say, is that the announcement will occur on television on my world. It is very relevant to what is going on in the background about the mirror, and about Mr. Forester’s death.”
The guests fidgeted in their seats as Mr. Burnelle set up the electronics before the broadcast.
“Do you remember what we talked about the last time we met in this room?”
Everyone nodded but Milton spoke for the entire family. “We need to find the mirror before Clyde Savage does, so Tibeert the Great cannot cross over if a way is found.”
“Correct. In my generalized explanation of the people on my planet, I did not provide some information about our culture that is important for your knowledge base. On Earth, men are the primary gender in leadership roles. In fact, ninety-one percent of all world leaders on Earth are men. That role has history to thank for it. Woman have been tossed aside and thought of as insignificant as being unable to lead in any role other than in the home. In fact, Earth history places women at a level barely higher than the other races which bigotry has placed in secondary until very modern times. Women still struggle to reach their aspirations in the work place or in politics even today, but if they persevere, they will eventually rise up and prove themselves as great providers of leadership. Men have greater physical strength and have fought their way into these roles through history, and have never let go.
“On our world it is the opposite. Women are in charge. It wasn’t because they are stronger or smarter. It has to do with how our species is organized. On Earth the numbers of men and woman in the population are fairly equal. On Solicee, the number of women are vastly less in number than the men. So as a species goes, we have to consider sex as a circumstance in leadership.”
The teenagers giggled at the word ‘sex’ being used.
Number 27 ignored them, pressing on. “Over the eons this imbalance has given women a position of power. Think of a colony of bees or ants. It is a primitive analogy but some of the specifics are the same. The women are in charge usually with a queen at the head. Her goal is not to suppress the colony, but to make it thrive. In a way, our women have done the same thing. They have organized our society in a way that the men do much of the manual work, and the women became educated in ruling. Most higher education is geared towards women for this role alone.
“Now I believe the broadcast is about to start. Remember what we just spoke of. I will continue this thread afterwards.”

An image of the Soliceean world came into view as Number 27 turned the globe. A vast city appeared with buildings that rose into the sky so high that the clouds blocked their roof tops. They could hear chatter in an alien tongue.

Miranda pointed to the tallest building and turned to her father. “Henninger would have loved the view there.”
Mr. Caldwell nodded in agreement.

Vehicles flew by on the hanging road that connected to the sides of the skyscrapers. Everything had a sepia tone to it. It was like looking at an old faded photo in a family album.

Number 27 heard the chatter and realized that he did not change something. He quickly moved to his computer. With a few key strokes the language change to English.
“That might make our experience much better I think.” He sat back in his chair at his desk to watch. 
Mrs. Caldwell asked a question before the speech started. “How is it possible to have this video link converted into English in real time?”
“Good question,” Number 27 said. “Because our world watches American television, our world understands the language well. The program that changes the sound to English was written on our world.”
Mrs. Caldwell nodded in understanding just as the sound from the broadcast amped up. A voice boomed out of the air as a Soliceean woman announced Tibeert the Great.

“Today we announce an important event in our history, an event that will alter our lives. The man I will introduce to you will proudly voice his great achievement to a world currently under fire from another world. Let me introduce Tiiibeeerrt theee Greeaatt!”
The woman dragged out the words like she was announcing the introduction of a new boxer into the ring. Tibeert stood from a chair partially hidden behind the woman announcer, and raised his hands into the air to accept this honor to speak before Solicee. As he approached the microphone he turned his head one way, then the other, to take in all of the people in attendance. The crowd cheered and cheered. Hundreds of thousands appeared to have turned out for the announcement. The smile on Tibeert’s face showed how glad he was to see that his popularity was continually rising.

Mrs. Caldwell thought they were watching the acceptance of the next presidential hopeful receiving their party’s nomination as an electoral candidate. It took several minutes for the cheering to stop, but when it did the silence was deafening.

Tibeert stretched his neck, presumably to loosen up before speaking. His crooked mouth and over-large ear were very evident as he turned his head from one side to the other. His clothing style closely resembled a suit that would be worn on Earth and was charcoal in color with white pin stripes. The shirt was a brilliant white, and he wore a modern tie the matched his suit. The shirt was so bright that it did not fit in with the drab colors of everything else on Solicee. It was clear that American television had influenced many aspects of the Soliceean culture.

“Today I stand before you to announce an important discovery in our war against Earth.”
Cheers erupted at his claim. Again it took several minutes to get the crowd to calm down so he could speak.
“I have been speaking to our citizens of Solicee to garner support for our war against Earth for several years now. In the beginning, my claims may have sounded outlandish, but today I can actually state that we have made great strides in that campaign. I can truthfully say that I have found a way to cross over so that we can take up the mantle to start our world war on Earth as I have promised. In the end, it will mean their destruction and our survival for millennia to come.”
The crowd came to life.
“You may ask what has changed since the last time I addressed you. I have set in motion events that will cause the portal to be exposed. The portal is important because we need to make the journey across the barrier that separates Solicee and Earth. The portal is not in view just yet, but its hiding place will be revealed soon. I have many men working on this mission. Part of its hidden mystery has been revealed. Once the clues are deciphered, we will have that location.”
 Cheers erupted louder than before.
“I have done my part my part in locating the portal and it is almost within reach. The next significant portion of this war on Earth must be done by those who stand before me.”
Tibeert paused long enough to have the Soliceeans think about this last phrase.
“You are the people who stand before me. You are the masses that will destroy the inhabitants of the Earth. I cannot stand against billions of humans alone and expect to win, no. I need great numbers of individuals to accomplish this task. We need an army, the first army of Solicee.
“Numbers are on our side. Numbers are what will win this war. We do not have weapons of great technological sophistication but we have numbers. There are almost seven billion people on their planet. Seven billion, Hah! I wish we only had the problems that seven billion people produce. Solicee has hundreds of billions of people! They do not understand what problems hundreds of billions of people have. I want to call to arms twenty billion people to cross over the portal and walk over their planet. It is a small percentage of our society but it is not much to ask to win a war. I want to crush our enemies as our crumbling buildings do to us daily. I urge you to count how many bricks fall and kill our citizens, buildings that crumble away because of their technology. Humans are turning our cities into dust.
“Humans have developed a technology to merge both of our worlds in a way to gain greater resources. They convert our space into unusable green parks. This technology makes it impossible to have our buildings exist in the same place as their buildings when we overlay our planets together. We have known for many years that our planets are connected. The Observer program has made great discoveries in this area. We can observe them easily, and this is how we have learned of their treacherous ways. Their technology is one that we do not understand but we have learned that they plan to expand this technology to their entire planet.
“Worse still, they know that their technology decimates our cities and they choose to continue to destroy our way of life by reducing the number of square spaces we can call livable. Let them see what it really means to see such great numbers of people walk across their land and take up all of their space. Let us walk over their land and destroy all that they have.
“The less livable space we have to call home is more space for them to grow. Imagine if their society swells to half of our population. All of the space that they will need to occupy will reduce our livable space to half of what it is now. Our buildings are so high now that we need to pump oxygen to uppermost levels so that the occupants can survive. Imagine if we have to build to the edge of space itself in order to survive. How much oxygen will there be left for those who live at ground level?
“I tell you this so that we can call to arms the numbers of men that I need to destroy the inhabitants of Earth. I want only men to take up this mantle. Leave the woman to run Solicee so that they can see our brave acts.
“Man on Earth has progressed to great heights to attain the science they proudly show to our world. We have taken some of this science and made it our own, but when we are there we will take all that they have accomplished and return with the knowledge and ability to fix our ills and provide a sustainable future. We must be strong and fight for what we want, we must assemble twenty billion men to our cause, and we must prevail above our enemy, for if we do not prevail, they will destroy us with their advanced technology, using their own buildings to crush and kill us. They believe that we cannot travel to their world. They believe that they are safe from our reach. But we will not accept their arrogance anymore. The humans are almost within reach, they are almost at the end of their time. Let us build an army. Come to my calling! Let us take our world back!”
The crowds came to life shouting at the top of their lungs. A chant began to come together, “Build an army, invade our oppressors!”
The crowd in the broadcast showed men storming the stage to enter their names for approval into the newly called-upon army.

Number 27 got up and stretched over his desk to mute the sound from the broadcast. Only pictures of Solicee surrounded the family sitting stunned in their chairs. Everyone looked shocked at what they just witnessed. Miranda had a lone tear that escaped the corner of her eye caused by the fear that the broadcast had instilled in them all.
“I see that Tibeert has left an impression on you all,” Number 27 said, showing no fear of what they just saw and heard. He walked over to the globe and ceased its spinning. The image in the center of the room disappeared. “I want to focus your attention on one specific part of the speech. Tibeert mentions that he wants only men to sign up for the army.”
Joan shook her head. “What? That’s was the part you want us to focus on??? What about the part where he said that he found the mirror and he had a way to cross over? I think that was a more important part to focus on.”
“Yes, we knew that was his goal to begin with. I already knew that he would get closer to finding the mirror just as we would.”
“But we are no closer to finding the mirror.” Mrs. Caldwell said before bursting into tears.
Number 27 put up his arms in the air to quell too many question at once, he tried to dispense calm on his guests. “Please let’s try not to get ahead of ourselves here. This was a carefully written speech to get his people to do his bidding. They are no closer than we are to finding the mirror or getting through. Please remember that. He needs to raise an unsanctioned army under the noses of the government.
“The government has no army. Solicee has no enemies. Over time, the idea of an army died. It is now against our political policies and our beliefs to form an army. Remember that we are a lazy race. Fighting wars takes too much energy. However, if Tibeert the Great manages to raise an army and defeats the Earthlings then the world leaders will, in the end, state that they were going to eventually get around to it and he will be praised. If he fails then the world leaders will say that they were going to imprison all that participated, if any came back.
“What is important here is that in the beginning no one wanted to follow him because of his crazy ideas. But after years of listening to his public rants and seeing his progression they are more accepting of his once crazy thoughts. They see him as a leader in the opposition against Solicee’s crumbling cities. That is the biggest problem on our world. Not the unemployment rate or the terrible condition of our air, but having no place to live is what drives the hearts of all beings on Solicee. Tibeert the Great sees himself as a great leader, a leader that will fix the greatest problem on our world. He perhaps had greater ambitions? He did change his name for a reason. We just don’t know what his end game is just yet.
“However, the important part of the speech, something I want address in a moment, is not about his ambitions but to understand the lies he stated. He stated that he has a way to find the mirror and it will soon be his to control, a lie. They have no way to open the portal. Second, Tibeert is also stating that Earth’s world government has technology that destroys their buildings from here, another lie. Earth does not have a world government, nor does it have technology that can bridge the distance over the dimensional divide. Third, he states that the people of Earth know what we are doing to Solicee, yet another lie. Most of the people who know about Solicee are sitting in this room. Once you look at all these statements Tibeert made, we can see them for what they are: propaganda to convert the masses into doing his will. Propaganda is a powerful tool.
“Now, again, about what Tibeert the Great means by asking only men sign up for the army, it truly is the most important part of the speech. Before the broadcast I informed you that our social structure is different. Tibeert is making a play that will further make his plans seem fantastic and possible in the eyes of Soliceeans. He is recruiting young men that are out of work. They do nothing all day. If they join his cause they will instantly elevate their status to someone worthy of respect. And as a form of payment he is making a claim that women may mate with them because they will be considered brave. In that one statement he has attained an army. There are so many young men who would give their up their lives to mate just once with a female in their lifetime. This is in an important point. If Tibeert does find the mirror first and figures out how to cross over with his army, he will have an element no army on Earth has, multitudes of crazed men wanting nothing more than to be wounded in battle so they can be chosen as a mate based on the single fact that they were once considered brave.”
Everyone thought silently for a second on what that would really mean. All of the Caldwell family, and Joan, breathed hard over the potential of having twenty billion crazed men running across Earth to crush everyone under foot. 
“I must redirect your thoughts here for a moment. We have had several men in our history that raised an army to fight for their cause. It was millions of years ago when clans periodically fought among themselves. Throongraate  #12 Noome managed to have his army stay together for the same reason as Tibeert the Great. What history has taught these men is that if the soldiers are lazy and unmotivated for the cause, then the war is over before it starts.
Throongraate #12 Noome ended up killing tens of thousands Soliceeans before he was toppled. He was the greatest male leader in our history. His men only had clubs then, but the word to his men was that they were going to capture all the women so they could keep them as slaves and the world would follow their lead. His plan was to reestablish males to lead Solicee making women subservient to them. But as I mentioned, our world already had a different socialist plan in mind. The women of all the rest of the clans pooled together and defeated Throongraate. In our history there have been several such attempts to change our class structure. All have risen from the male line thinking that they were the greater of the sexes. Annigaardde #23 Merrstrron and Ithhgrasst # 71 Gr’Siithh were other male instigators against our female run state, but their uprisings were very short lived. Laziness took over and their rebellions fell apart.
I believe Tibeert the Great will have an army worthy of a real insurrection. As a secondary reference to what I am talking about here, all of the other aliens that visited your planet were socially organized in the same way. They also have vast numbers of citizens in their society with men outnumbering the women by huge numbers. Women were thrust into leadership and the men ordered to do more menial work.”
Milton stood. His immediate motion made Number 27 stop talking. Everyone starred at him.
He began to walk around as he spilled over his thoughts. “So what you’re saying is that Tibeert the Great is planning to overrun our planet and kill us all. But there are other aliens organized in the same way as your race and you also said that some of these aliens want or need to overrun our planet. So the bottom line here is that we should dig a hole somewhere so we can hide or die in peace because if the Observer Program isn’t going to destroy our planet someone else from your planet will? Or some other alien race will if Tibeert fails? Do I understand all of it correctly?”
Milton continued to pace around. Joan pursed her lips together tightly. What Milton had just raised were the same questions that had been in her mind too.
Number 27 raised only one hand this time. “You are correct in assuming that my teachings are leading in that direction. But you have to understand that...”
Mrs. Caldwell stood as well. She wanted some clarification too. “I see where Milton is going with his questions but I am reading between the lines here. If all of the other alien races are organized in the same fashion as your race then I can assume that the structure of our society is fundamentally different than everyone else’s. Are our differences a threat to the other races as well as Soliceeans?”
Number 27 stood this time. He pondered his response carefully. He made some unusual faces before he came to a conclusion about what needed to be said. “Please sit.”
Lea and Milton Caldwell returned to their seats. 
“Every race that has visited Earth has adopted the same socialistic pattern. They did this on their own, not because they saw some other race doing it or assimilated another idea from some animal on some other planet. This societal organization works well. On Earth it doesn’t. Most of your race is not lazy, they always want change. It causes wars, yes, but it also spurs fantastic scientific advances and a desire to push on, to create.
“To conform to our way of life would probably kill you. The struggle for power and control is a main undercurrent of all Earthlings’. Which is why your species will probably burn out in the future, or it will teeter on the edge before you become something else. Every alien wants to know what will happen to humans ten thousand years from now, because there is nothing else like it in the galaxy.
“We at the observer program recognize that fact and want to record every aspect of your history that we can. In some ways we want to be more like you. We want to be driven to move forward. Killing off your world is only the mad plan of one man because he does not see what I see. He cannot see what a blessing this communication between worlds has done for our people. We have gained a greater life in the few hundred years that we have been watching and most of us can see what we need to do to fix our problems. Tibeert the Great’s plan is medieval; to coin a term from your history. His plan is to destroy what they do not understand. What he needs to see is that Soliceean lives should be viewed as a being better because of what your planet has taught us already. It comes down to this, for our world and its problems; it’s all in the eye of the beholder. We need to see the potential in what we can do for Solicee, not make it someone else’s fault.”

That night Joan slept poorly. The weight of the task ahead felt overwhelming. Her memory held the key. “What if she couldn’t remember the crucial part? What if they had to confront Clyde Savage to prize away the compass so that they could find the mirror with his artifact? Would they have that kind of time?” Joan tossed and turned. “Tibeert the Great had said that he had solved the riddle to finding the mirror and that he was in the process of having it decoded. And what opened the door? Number 27 didn’t divulge that little part. Was it a key? Did he even know? Maybe that was what they should be looking for or, maybe Tibeert already had the key but he didn’t mention it during the broadcast.”
Joan thought about what Milton said about the other alien races. “If they managed to thwart Tibeert the Great, what was going to happen with the other alien races?” So much doubt about humanity’s future filled her heart.
After a time Joan fell back to sleep. A scary dream filled her mind where she was being chased by many Soliceeans. Their crooked mouths and the bones jutting out of the heels made her feel like she was being hunted by a type of skinny dinosaur called a deinonychus. When she woke she was sweating and shivering. She couldn’t warm up tossing around in her bed. She tried to put everything out of her mind; she knew that she needed to sleep. By the time sleep visited her again it happened.
Joan felt herself fall into a memory masked as a dream. She knew the signs. Joan felt one way, and could feel the distinction of that feeling in contrast to what she thought. It was weird to be two people at once, being in and out of the dream at the same time.

Joan stood on a small ship looking over the rail in the dark of night. Sheer cliffs lined one side of a wide river. Heavy snow was falling. Small lights littered the cliff top. She felt cold to the bone. Her teeth were chattering as she held her arms around her. On her shoulder, a hand, from a woman in a brown coat whom she did not recognize, held her steady. Joan felt unsteady on her feet, where was she?
When she and the woman in the brown coat departed the ship, Joan could see an entire detachment of men running in their direction with rifles pointing at them. She was pushed roughly into a waiting Jeep. Men that had been on the ship with Joan began to argue intensely with the harbor master. The detachment’s lieutenant took out his pistol and shot it into the air. The blast echoed around the high walls of the cliffs. The heated argument stopped. The Lieutenant took the papers that the captain held. He pressed his lips tightly and shook his head in disbelief before shouting orders to his men, pointing up the hill. Several jumped into the Jeep before it drove up the steeply inclined road, their rifles still pointing at Joan. The woman in the brown coat tried her best to put herself between the weapons and Joan.
Tires slipped and spun often as the Jeep tried to negotiate the road’s steep grade. Joan’s head felt foggy, out of touch with what was going on. Several times the men had to jump out and help push to get the Jeep moving again while the driver kept a pistol on their guests. Joan’s teeth were still chattering from the cold.
The terrain started to level off they approached the oddest road Joan had ever seen. It had wild kinds of curves. Walls on both sides of the curvy road rose from ground level to a point where they towered high above the Jeep. It almost felt like they were going to start to dip down into an underground tunnel. She couldn’t see beyond the bend in the road ahead. Oddly Joan didn’t care either. It was just something to look at. The road finally leveled off just as they approached a gate that was ten feet tall and made of unbelievably heavy black chain. The thick chain looked as though it could repel the unwanted advance of the Jeep without any effort. The driver shouted to the guards who stood above them on the high walls whose rifles were also pointing down on them. Moments later the doors opened. After passing the gate, the high walls continued to force them through the single path, as if through a maze, in the dark. The only lights came from the Jeep. Wildly curving, the jeep shone its lights on high stone walls that lined the path. The winding made Joan dizzy. Finally they approached what looked like a dead end, but the Jeep turned left and drove for many minutes down long straight runs before being forced to negotiate more tight turns. Eventually the Jeep approached the facade of a building with endless high walls all around. The passage that the Jeep took brought them in front a small opening with high columns marking the entry on both sides. The columns were pitted and broken. Obviously the building had been attacked at some time in the past. Bullet holes were evident.
Their progress was impeded again just inside the columns. More shouting between the driver and the guards ensued. After some papers were thrust back and forth and a short radio conversation, the driver continued on. When the Jeep finally stopped the guards harshly pulled Joan and the brown-coated woman out. Both fell clumsily in the slippery snow. The woman rebounded quickly and attacked the men. She showed no fear of the rifles pointed at her. Seconds later all three of the men lay on the ground grasping for air. Not a single round had been fired. The woman helped Joan up and headed to the door. Once past the threshold the warmth of a large fire enveloped them. The cold had been so great that the warmth hurt her exposed skin. Joan fell to the floor, her vision filled with an exhaustive haze, her breathing rasped. The heat oppressed her.
The room was not very wide in breadth but it appeared to have no end in length. Tables littered the entire room in no apparent pattern. Thin white boxes were piled high on every table. Men in old-style uniforms worked the telephones and deposited forms in one box or another. The brown-coated woman called out to the man at the nearest table. He was on the phone and didn’t notice them enter. He looked for their escort but found none. The man called out to get the attention of others in the room. They instantly ran towards the two women with pistols drawn.
Much shouting and cursing added to the confusion. The brown-coated woman threw herself over Joan’s body. The shouting slowly subsided. In the outside vision of Joan giving witness to the dream noticed that they were speaking French. She thought it funny that she had only recognized it now. Where were they? She could not place the unusual configuration of the stone work, the layout of this castle or the uniforms, nothing matched anyplace in France. She felt lost in her own mind.
A young man ran into the room. He wore a gray fedora and a long wool coat. He cast himself before the weapons pointed at the women. “Stop!” He bellowed in English. “We have orders to be here.” He cast a new set of orders on the air for anyone to grab. It was clear no one knew English in the room when no one reached for his papers. The man in the fedora repeated his command in perfect French and received an immediate response. The closest uniformed man took the orders. As he began to read the orders out loud to the rest of the men, Joan passed out.

Joan woke in an instant. 
Miranda was standing over her. “Are you okay? You’ve been screaming at the top of your lungs.”
“I was? What did I say?” Joan asked in a still half-asleep voice.
“You were screaming ‘Let me out!’ over and over again. Sometimes you said something different, once it was ‘They’re holding me captive. I can’t run away’ and the other one I heard was ‘These people are keeping me prisoner, help me please’.”
Joan made a quizzical look. “I didn’t scream in my dream at all. If fact, I never said a word.”
Mrs. Caldwell ran in and almost bumped into Miranda standing at Joan’s bedside before asking quickly in an out-of-breath sort of way. “What’s all the screaming about?”
Miranda turned to her mother in a matter of fact way and said simply, “She just had a bad dream, that’s all.”
Mrs. Caldwell took a deep breath before she left. “Oh good, I was worried. Go back to bed. I’m glad everything is alright.”
After she left the room Miranda sat down on foot of Joan’s bed. “I want you to tell me everything you remember about the dream, that way tomorrow morning we will be able to remember it all.
“It wasn’t a dream, it was a memory and I think I saw Number 22 in it.”



Chapter 12 
Decoding the Ringlet Cipher


In a hotel room outside the old city of Jaffa, Israel, Clyde Savage sat with an old man at a large folding table Clyde had ordered to his room. The room had an overly plain decor to it with a large window looking out onto the city. Dark dirty curtains framed the large window. At the table the old man wore a nice gray suit and had thick glasses on. His matching hat sat on his upright brief case on the floor next to him. His beard started to show strands of white through his dark brown color. He was plump with dark eyes. A thread bare carpet that shone a once regal pattern now supported the old man and his briefcase. It showed its previous glory through faded and worn colors.
Regardless of the oppressive heat of the day, the man who seemed nonplused over the uncomfortableness of the heat studied a piece of paper before him. It was a copy of the papyrus letter found in the Pottery jar with the papal coat of arms on it. Smoke rose from an ashtray near him. Books littered the large table, piled on one the other. It was apparent that Clyde had been doing some research on his own before the man arrived. Clyde had an impatient expression as sweat dripped down his forehead.
“So what do you think? Can you translate it?”
The old man leaned back in his chair. A large magnifier now present in his hand. His voice was slow and measured with a deep tone. “You called me here from the university to look at a very old document about English history found here in Israel. I admit I was intrigued but what do I find? A copy of the document on white paper poorly written...”
“What do you mean poorly written?” Clyde cut him off.
“I mean this was written by some high school student putting together a renaissance fair or something. This is a poor joke you’ve been dragged into or are you trying to dupe me into something greater?” The old man’s tone suggested he had caught onto the deception before him.
Indignant by the old man’s tone Clyde responded. “I can assure you that the copy you have in your hand is from a real document. It was taken from an actual grave known to be more than two hundred years old here in Jaffa only days ago.”
“I want to see the original.” The old man said it in a way that suggested that he would hinge his decision to be hired as a consultant based on the original papyrus not copier paper. He tossed the paper on the table as though it contain an infectious disease. “My decision to be employed by you depends on the authenticity of the find. This e-mail means nothing to me.”
Clyde didn’t stir, he knew this was more of a negotiation than a meet and greet. “I will bring over the original in a few days time. But before I can do that I need to know if this is a document you can work with, or do I need to find another more educated consultant.”
The remark about the old man’s intelligence hit home. He tossed the magnifier on an open book called English Terms in Medieval Times, The Complexity of the Kings Voice. He picked up his cigarette and took a long drag before he spoke. “We spoke about our meeting but not the terms. How much?”
“Is your educational output based on the sum of payment?”
The old man chuckled. “If you did indeed find this in an old grave then my assumption is that you do not want it circulated to some publication later. The government will not allow such hearsay about English letters found in old sacred graves. May I conclude that you are working on a concealed investigation and my contribution will also require... a more covert consultation?”
Clyde smiled. He was beginning to like this old man. “Yes.”
The old man took another long drag and enjoyed blowing hollow smoke circles in the air before announcing his decision. “Then my price is $20,000, American.”
Clyde’s smile left as quickly as it came. “Steep, for someone who is not capable to read the said document off an e-mail.” Clyde got up and removed a handkerchief from his back pocket to wipe the sweat off his forehead. He stared out the window on the mass of bodies walking one way or the other through the street as he considered the price.
He turned back when an inspiration hit him. “I’ll tell you what. You decipher the old English into the more modern tongue and explain to me why you think it was written by high school children on a scavenger hunt and I will pay you the $10,000 for continued services after today. I need to know if it will be worth my time going forward. If it isn’t, I will pay $8,000 for today and we can part not ever admitting that we ever met.”
The old man coughed at the price that Clyde mentioned for today’s services. “Very well, I can manage through the e-mail. But I will want to see the original document as proof to what you’re claiming. I still have to answer too my professional standard.”
Clyde laughed out loud. “A professional standard, ha! The fact that you’re here denounces that idea altogether. Get to work, I need answers. I have my own people to answer to.

Milton and Miranda slept late. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell had already gone off to work. Joan on the other hand lay awake staring at the ceiling. It occurred to her that she did this much too often lately. She couldn’t imagine how anyone could sleep after all the radically bad information that was shared last night. She was so bothered by it that her dreams never got any better after Miranda went back to her room. What bothered Joan the most was the memory she had hidden in her dream. Why was she screaming when she didn’t make a sound the whole time she witnessed her passage into the night towards an ancient fort. None of it made any sense. She was glad that Miranda came into her room and they could talk about it afterward. By doing so the dream stayed clear in every aspect she witnessed. She couldn’t wait to talk to Milton about her nocturnal adventure. Maybe he could shed a different light on what it meant. He was good at seeing things differently than his sister.
Time ticked away. Miranda and Milton still slept. Joan got up. She needed to take her mind off of the dream and the weighted task on her shoulders. When she went into the kitchen she noticed that Mr. Caldwell played a round of mini golf in the living room before he left for work. Joan thought about how the simple task of hitting a little ball must feel and how it could clear one’s mind for a while. She took up the putter and started hitting a few balls. Two Brown’s watched from their position by the elevator door. Joan didn’t even notice them watching. To Joan’s surprise this idea of hitting the golf ball did make her feel better but she found it was much more difficult than she thought. Basketball felt much easier, more natural. Maybe her poor eyesight inhibited her ability to aim properly. Getting the little ball to find the cup became frustrating as time pressed on.
The phone rang. The noise surprised Joan. It never rang. Its true purpose was to call out for whatever reason rather than in. Joan went over to it and picked it up. “Hello?”
“Good morning, this is Miss Margrette. I wanted to call ahead to see if you and your friends were up. I want to come over to share your test results.”
Joan let the putter fall to the floor. “Yes please. I’ll make sure Milton and Miranda will be up before you arrive.”
“Very well, I will be there shortly.” The line went dead. Joan ran to Miranda’s room. She didn’t bother to knock or ask nicely before entering. She bolted past the door and jumped on Miranda.
“Time to get up! Miss Margrette is coming over to bring our test scores over!” Joan jumped on the bed over and over until she saw some sign of life. Miranda’s hair was wild in a brown tangle, her eyes just narrow slits. “When is she coming?” Miranda asked in a small confused voice born of old cob webs still present between her ears. “In a few minutes.” Joan said excitedly.
Miranda’s eyes popped open but with a limited spread. She rolled out of bed and ran to the bathroom. Joan then ran to Milton’s room. She repeated the same procedure to land on top of Milton but he lay askew on his bed, as usual, and he fell off when Joan landed in the middle of the bed.
“Hey! What was that for? I was still sleeping.” Milton said from the floor. “Miss Margrette will be here in a few minutes. She has our test scores.”
Milton groaned a deep resentful groan. He stood and fell back onto his bed. He didn’t want to address this day. He knew bad things were coming. He just couldn’t face his inexorable news of failure. Joan jumped on him again but he grabbed her and held her tight. “Kiss me before I have to face the gallows.” Joan bent over and tenderly kissed him. He kissed her back. They stared at each other sharing a loving moment for just a second before Joan took a pillow from behind her and smacked him in the head. Their moment ended as quickly as it started. Milton pulled up a pillow next to him and smacked her in the shoulder. She fell over. Many minutes of fun ensured.
Miranda left the bathroom. She heard odd sounds from her brother’s room. To her it sounded like someone was pounding their pillow enough to make it comfortable. She stormed in to get Milton up quickly. She didn’t want to be embarrassed by his unkempt look when Miss Margrette arrived.
When Miranda stormed into Milton’s room the pillow fight paused. Joan and Milton both looked guilty. When Miranda opened her mouth to scold them a pillow flew over and hit her in the face. She became flush. “I just fixed my hair!” Another pillow flew over and grazed the top of her head taking her hair and pulling it back. She grabbed one of the pillows off the floor and attacked them both.
The elevator announced its arrival with the familiar “ding” sound. The two Brown’s standing guard stood on either side to prepare for a visitor. When they saw it was Miss Margrette they both stood a little taller. She nodded to them as she passed. She stopped in the kitchen area but didn’t see any of the children. She made an immediate assumption that they were in the computer room. When she turned the corner out of the kitchen into the hallway, to approach the computer room, the vision before her made her snigger. Milton led the other two girls towards the kitchen. Their hair was disheveled from being smacked around and extra static kept it aloft towards the ceiling. Milton and Joan were in their pajamas still while Miranda had dressed for the visit but had loads of small feathers were stuck to her clothes. They were all laughing from the fun. When all eyes found Miss Margrette standing in the hall watching them, they suddenly became mortified at how they must look to her. Joan burst out laughing at the whole affair.
In the kitchen everyone sat around the table. Miss Margrette had a manila folder on the table in front of her still clasped. Miranda used her nervous energy to re-fix her hair. Milton however looked simply mortified to be there and afraid of what he might hear. He didn’t want to re-take his sophomore year. Joan was just happy to be able to see everyone. She spun her gold ring as she listened to her ward supervisor speak.
“As you know I’m here to divulge the results of your testing. But I wanted to also inform you that the new school you will be attending is somewhat rougher than Central High.”
Milton took in the meaning and cut her conversation off. “You mean to tell me that I passed!”
“Yes. Why would you think otherwise? You are a very intelligent young man.” Joan put a hand on Milton’s arm and squeezed. Milton let out a huge sigh. Miss Margrette started again. “Now pay attention to what I have to say. You will be starting at Northern High on Monday. It is a very rough school. I need to implore to you the importance of keeping your head down and walking away from any fights. You cannot attend any clubs or sports.” Miss Margrette’s eyes fell on Joan. “You are going in with a guide, so to speak. With Miranda at your side you need to maintain a blind persona until the end of the year. It’s only four weeks. Do you understand? Even if your eyesight returns to normal you must maintain a certain inability to see. Your covers are shaky at this point and it was a stretch to get Number 27 to agree to send you there.
“It is important that Miranda and Milton finish out the year. All of you will have different last names going in. The school administrators of the highest level will know your real last names but the student body must believe the new fake name’s I am going to give you now. Joan you will now be Joan Parisy. As for Milton and Miranda, your last names will be Gresham. Remember, no basketball, no clubs, just attendance, homework, and a clean slate.”
Everyone nodded. Miss Margrette opened the manila folder. She slid out three pieces of paper then handed them out to the children to whom they belonged. Joan couldn’t make out her grades on the paper but she wanted to give Miranda the time to investigate her paper first before asking for a read back her’s.
Milton stood with shock on his face. “I can’t believe it. I got top scores on every subject! I never received one hundreds in any subject before. WOW! And I don’t even remember taking the tests.”
Miranda put hers down. She did not smile. She did notice that Joan didn’t have hers in her hand to see what she received then she remembered. Miranda slid over Joan’s scores to read them out loud. “You did really well. It looks like you passed with high marks everywhere except English. You have an A minus there.”
Joan turned her head toward Miranda. “Not bad. How did you do?” Miranda turned her paper over. “I did well too. Not as high as Milton but I did okay.” Miranda lied convincingly.
“What do you mean? Why did Milton get such high grades?” Joan asked.
Miranda looked at Miss Margrette before she answered. “I think it was time that Milton really buckled down. When forced to do so he received marks in relation to the work he put in. He can say that he is pretty smart when he puts his mind to it.”
Miss Margrette stood. She collected the papers back. “I need to send these to the school today so you all can attend on Monday. I’m glad you all did so well. I will see you all on Monday morning at seven.” After she had re-stuffed the envelope she left. Milton ran back down the hall to his room jumping and whooping.
Miranda waited for Miss Margrette to leave before she spoke the real reason that Milton did so well to Joan. “Milton did so well because he was still affected by the drug you took earlier, you know, before you were hypnotized. My suggestion that he focus on answering all the questions made him not panic and look back over the last couple of weeks of teaching. He really is pretty smart, but you won’t find me telling him that to his face.”
Milton ran back into the kitchen holding a paper airplane. He tossed it into the air as soon as he breached the kitchen’s barrier. It made a loop in the air then crashed into Miranda’s head. “Like I said, I will never admit it to him.” She bolted off her chair after her brother so she could punch him in the arm. Joan sat back down absorbing the way family felt. Her heart felt full.

The old man wiped sweat off his brow with the back of his hand. The table once full of books changed to a table full of books and scattered papers. Some papers were stacked on one side of the table while others never made it that far and lay where they had fallen to the floor, still others were crushed into balls and tossed to a trash bin further away by the wall. The pile there was not substantial but it littered the floor around the bin through poor aim. The general setting looked to be more of a mess than anything else.
Clyde Savage knocked once then entered the room. The old man never took his eyes away from the book he was referencing. He spoke out assuming it was Clyde who entered. “I can’t find any more references in these books on old English anywhere.”
Clyde carried in a brief case and set it down near the table full of books. The old man continued. “I know I can do a better job if I can return to my office at the university. I have everything I need there.”
“I’m sorry. The letter cannot leave this room. It’s important that we do as thorough a job as we can today so I can transfer the information up the line. If I can get the approval of my superiors then we can arrange to have the work moved to your offices.” Clyde lied. He had no superiors or intentions of letting Gabor to take the letter anywhere.
The old man grunted. “Well I can’t do anymore here. I need the other books I have...”
“Why can’t you make an educated guess on the parts you have in question?”
“I am having a hard time to figure out the voice and the masculinity of certain phrases. The context is wrong in many places as though it were compiled by an inexperienced linguist. In old English some items are called different things depending on how their used. At least in modern English most of the pronouns are the same word, only structured differently depending on the way the sentence is contrived. In old English, that’s not always the case, thus my difficulty in deciphering the true meaning of the text.”
“Do you think the author hired someone inexperienced to translate his words into another language?” Clyde asked.
“We all know that some languages do not translate well between different tongues. This is a classic example of that problem.” The old professor leaned back in his chair and took a deep breath. It was clear that the day’s heat was wearing on him. He lit a cigarette before taking a drink from his already open water bottle.
“If I were not mistaken this feels like it was written in Latin first then translated to old English. The feminism of certain words makes me think that’s the case here. You see old English was spoken by the Anglo Saxons between the 5th century and the 12th. The language itself is West Germanic in nature and related to old Frisian and old Saxon. In many ways old English is similar to old Latin. This is why I can get a feeling that this was originally a Latin text translated to old English. It’s just a felling though.”
Clyde looked at Professor Gabor. A light went on in the back of his mind. “How many languages can you interpret or write?”
“Sixteen, why.”  Professor Gabor asked.
“Is Latin one of them?”
“Yes. What are you playing at? Did I do all this work for nothing?”
Clyde made a wise guy kind of smile on his face lapping up the sudden change in his fortune and the meaning of the message before responding in a sneer. “Oh no, it’s nothing like that. I think you earned every penny today.”
Professor Gabor stood in an angry flair of emotion. “I will not be patronized!”
Clyde took the brief case from the floor and handed it to him. Professor Gabor felt its weight. “$10,000 dollars?” He asked hopefully.
“You can check if you like. I’ll wait. But what does the letter actually say?”
Professor Gabor picked up the latest piece of paper he was working on and placed it under his glasses to read aloud. He didn’t want to waste any time. Fresh money sat waiting to be counted. He began. “It says,

“A vision to another world lies in plain sight, wonder and amazement to behold. Attention must be given. Without the key the path can not be beholden. Hidden behind a veil of velvet grey, your destination will be locked away. To find the mirror and the key thou must seek the casket. Upon the wings of death can one sail away to another world.”



Chapter 13
A Familiar Beginning


Monday morning came upon Milton, Miranda, and Joan quickly. They had forgotten the normal family routine they did in the morning to get ready for school. There was some shouting for the bathroom, Milton never received a chance to eat any breakfast and Joan bumped into the kitchen table several times before being led around so no more orange juice or coffee would be spilled. Mr. Caldwell left first. Mrs. Caldwell decided to be late for her work in the office of Miss Information so the children could all be ready for their ride to school.
When Miss Margrette arrived via the elevator the children were still finishing up finding their backpacks. Joan was already ready and conversing with Mrs. Caldwell when the elevator door opened. “I really love making up events that you participate in around the world. It’s fun to play with our imaginations and write articles of the events. You know I had you compete in a twenty five kilometer race in England yesterday.” Mrs. Caldwell said in a jovial way.
“Really?” Joan sounded interested. “How did I do?”
“You finished second in the women’s, sixth all around. I didn’t want to go overboard in the winning department.”
“Not bad. I didn’t feel any exhaustion from it all.” They laughed over the idea of it all.
Miranda raced Milton to the waiting elevator beating him. She berated him all the way to the waiting car. Milton’s mood began to sour.
“Cut it out will you. I’m going to have a very stressful day as it is.”

A black limousine darted into to traffic from the Trust’s parking lot. The children’s ride had departed. When they arrived at Northern High School, all three of the new students looked up to their new school from the sidewalk, Joan now holding a red and white guide stick.
It was a beautiful day for a change with a warm sun and little wind. For Milton he already longed for summer before it started. The school building appeared to be around the same size as the previous school. The color was even the same, white. The sign in the front also held similar dimensions but was illustrated differently, “Northern High School home of the Raging Panthers.” filled the top section. Beneath a different type of sign hung. It read, “State basketball final to happen on Saturday May 16th. Support our school.”
Miranda noticed the announcement of the state basketball title. She turned Joan away from it in case her sight was had progressed enough for her to read it. The date was for the coming Saturday. She hoped Joan wouldn’t figure it out if she saw it first.
Miranda led an excited Joan and dower Milton into the school. Once inside she stopped. She didn’t know where to go to find the office. Students of all kinds walked past to find their lockers. “You think we should ask one of these students where the office is?” Milton asked.
“And announce we are the new kids again, no thank you.” Miranda shot back. “Come on, we’ll figure it out.”
Milton figured out the pattern of kids walking around on the first floor. He led them to the back side of the wing where he assumed the office might be. It was positioned opposite from where they had entered from the front. “I think there’s an area where buses park out back. Bet you that’s where the office is, just like at our old school.”
Once they arrived they found that Milton was right. They waited their turn in the cue before the secretary’s desk. Eight people were lined up before them. Joan worked on the act of being visually impaired. She held her guide stick at an odd angle which Miranda made to correct so no one would trip, the illusion of her visual imparity becoming complete.
After many odd questions to the secretaries before them, which went so far to include asking for one lost shoe, wanting to call a parent to go back home because they were feeling sick after just arriving, how to arrange contact with an author of one of their school books, and where the bathroom was in this wing, it was finally their turn.
“We are here to see the assistant principal.” Miranda said in a low voice.
The lady starring down on the three of them made a smirk before she spoke with a Boston accent. “What, all three of you?”
“Yes.” Miranda said before speaking in an even lower tone for her next statement. “This is our first day at this school.”
“This late in the year? What were your parents thinking doing something like that? Do you know what kind of work that creates for all of us, including you three?” The woman’s tone seemed like a cross of exasperation and distress at having to deal with not only one new student but three.
“Enter over there.” She pointed to a door off to the left side as she pressed a buzzer below the counter to admit them. She attended the next student in the line who wanted to turn in money from a past fund raising campaign that occurred the previous fall. The secretary sighed heavily.
None of the three friends spoke as they waited. They sat in contemplation of the coming day. The first and second bell rang. Students cleared the halls to attend to their studies. Many minutes passed as they waited. Finally when the assistant principal came out of his office the weight of the coming day caused Milton to start fidgeting.
“You know I’m really surprised that your parents decided to make a move this late in the school year.” Mr. Cavant said. “By the way I should introduce myself, I’m Mr. Cavant. I will be the one who will set up your day. Mrs. Blakefield is the Assistant school Principal and she is in a meeting with the other department heads this morning. I’m a guidance Counselor for the sophomore class, which I believe Milton here...” Mr. Cavant quickly shuffled through the folders in front of him. “Yes here, Joan Parisy and... aah, here we go, Miranda and Milton Gresham, Milton is a sophomore I will be your Guidance Counselor for the next four weeks. We’ll get you started this morning and I will set up a time to meet with you later on. Now to start your day.”
Mr. Cavant looked at the folders in front of him again. “I thought you were all related, brother and sisters?” Miranda and Joan looked at each other then back to Mr. Cavant. Joan answered the question, “I’m adopted.”
“Oh... I’m sorry, I was unaware.” He pressed on trying to move away from his inappropriate question. “As for classes, each of you will have the exact same classes that you had at Central, except that Miranda and Joan will attend the same ones at the same time to allow for Joan’s er....”
Mr. Cavant almost said “Blindness” but he wasn’t sure if Joan was okay with the term. He stumbled through the sentence. He was not having a good politically correct day. “Yes well... Disability. You understand what I mean.” He said in a hurry. “Joan’s French class will change to Spanish to accommodate Miranda’s schedule. I hope that’s okay.” Joan nodded. “Milton your first class will be in algebra. For you two,” Mr. Cavant indicated to Miranda and Joan. “It will be geometry. Did you want me to assign a student to guide you through the school on your first day?”
All of them answered in unison. “No.” The last time this happened was the first day they met at Central High and each student guide was a horrible partnered choice for each of them creating a terrible day all around until they all met each other in the cafeteria. Joan quickly thought back to Skylar and Evan, the bullies that were making Milton and Miranda roll around on the floor in the cafeteria for fun.
Joan chuckled at the thought of each of them beating the other up with fists thinking they were punching Joan when she intervened on Miranda’s and Milton’s part. Then there was Joan’s guide. She was a girl called Pink, a girl gang member from the orphanage that had some form of crazy instilled deep in her bones. Yes, not having a student guide would be just fine each for them. Joan laughed lightly at the absurdity of their last first day.
“I’m sorry?” Mr. Cavant asked Joan. Joan didn’t hear what he was talking about. He on the other hand heard her chuckle at his explanation of school rules.
“Was there something funny in what I said?” Mr. Cavant asked.
Miranda was mortified at Joan’s poor timing in her chuckling. Her grimace showed clearly to all in the room including Joan through her poor eye sight. Joan responded sheepishly. “Uh... no. Sorry about that. I just remembered how our first day at Central High was like, that’s all.”
“Alright, since classes have already begun I will send you on your way with a tardy note. Make sure you hand it in to the teacher when you arrive. All math classes are in the B wing. Have a great first day.” Mr. Cavant looked at Joan. “I hope today is as funny as your first day at Central.” A wry smile appeared on each of their faces.
Miranda took Joan’s arm and led her out of the office with a sour look in her face. Milton laughed at the exchange. “That was pretty funny. What were you laughing about?”
“I was thinking about when we all met for the first time in the cafeteria with Skylar and Evan beating themselves up thinking it was me between them.” Milton laughed all the harder at the memory but Miranda just said, “Ha, ha.” Now let’s go, were already late.”
They hurried to class. Milton held Joan’s hand all the way. They had been together long enough and through some pretty tough situations that they were solidified as a couple, the thick and thin of an early relationship already under their belt. Miranda remembered what it was like being in the mall with them and having heavy eyes upon them. She felt like the third wheel then as she did right now.
Miranda and Joan’s class room was first in the hall. Milton let Joan’s hand go, kissing her before running further to find his room number. A pang of regret suddenly filled Miranda’s heart. She desired a loving kiss before class like Joan received. Her brother was so lucky to be with Joan. Joan was great. Could she ever find someone her equal to be with? Then the memory of being full of spaghetti sauce, on the floor, looking into Ash’s eyes at the Patient Facilities came to her and she became lost in that moment.
Joan dragged Miranda into class wondering what was making her linger behind. Miss Contios welcomed them openly starting their first day at Northern High.

The entire day progress as a normal school day should. Joan couldn’t remember any given day at Central High School being as smooth. Perhaps the speech Miss Margrette gave in the apartment was unwarranted. 
At lunch, it turned out that Milton had a different lunch period as her, she was sad at the idea of not being with him. She missed being around his goofy antics, his clever ideas, and the insane thought that he could ever master the paper airplane. It occurred to her in a sudden inspiration. How did she know how to make and use a piece of folded paper work with a degree of knowledge where she could tap into its properties as a weapon? Another memory to recover,” she thought while she sighed.
Joan worked the angle of a visual disability as much as she could during the day. The guide stick became cumbersome knocking into everything and worse tripping up other students in the hall. It was difficult to not exude a strong, independent, bold, and charismatic persona. Was that how she always walked around? What was interesting was the fact that no one ever talked to her or Miranda all day. Did the act of not being independent make them invisible? Not even a target to bullies? She couldn’t wait for the last bell of the day so she could be with Mill again, talk about his day, and get that kiss she missed at lunch.
At the front doors where they all agreed to meet, at the end of the day, Joan and Miranda waited. Milton was late. The entire student body poured out of the doors onto the sidewalk. No one paid them any attention as they stood on the top landing before the exit. When most of the mass of teenagers had passed, Milton came running towards the exit, his backpack still in his hand, not over his shoulder as it always was.
“Let’s go!” He exclaimed as he ran past them out the doors. Miranda turned Joan around, still trying to create a believable illusion of visual disparity. Four boys ran past the girls descending the steps two at a time. They stopped hard at the bottom apparently looking for someone. Two tall dark skinned boys pointed to some bushes on either side of the steps where two white boys could start their search around them.
When Miranda reached the bottom of the steps she turned her head up to see where her brother had gone. She had spent so much time guiding Joan down that she lost track where Milton had disappeared to. Joan continued to exude her blindness. The four boys that searched around the bottom of the stairs had run off. It wasn’t until Milton walked down the stairs all over again, normally this time but all out of breath, which made Joan and Miranda pay attention.
“Miss Margrette wasn’t kidding about how rough this school is. Already the first day and I’m running away from the bullies.”
“What!”  Joan said suddenly angered.
“Yea, it was lunch all over again back at Central High. I guess I attract them like a magnet.”
Joan took off her back pack and started to walk down the path she remembered seeing the four boys running off on. She had a job to do, to hell with her vision. Joan had a flush rise up her neck from the anger she felt. Miranda and Milton both grabbed her. They worked hard to restrain her. “You can’t go and find them. Remember what Miss Margrette said.” Miranda urged.
It was hard to restrain Joan when she had that look in her eyes. A look that said someone needed to pay for an indiscretion against Milton. Miranda and Milton both saw that look before.
A black limousine pulled up in front of them. Joan backed off, turning away to hide her visual anger disguised as picking up her back pack. She needed to diffuse her anger before Miss Margrette saw her face. The first day and all, “Why were boys so...”
They all took a seat in the limousine. They were alone in the back. Miss Margrette was nowhere to be seen. Miranda knocked on the window between them and the driver. “Excuse me, why is Miss Margrette not with us?”
“She had an important meeting to attend. The job was left to us.” All eyes turned to the right. In the passenger seat Chase Brown sat with a smile towards the children. Joan smiled then turned back to Miranda throwing herself back into her seat. “See I could have taken them all and no one would have known any better.”
Miranda frowned then turned back to her brother as the window separating the front closed. “What happened in the lunch room?”
“I wasn’t too happy that I had lunch alone but I figured that I could handle it. After I got through the line I went to get a seat in the cafeteria. The tables are pretty long and every one was almost full except one. There were only four boys sitting there. So I went to sit towards the other end, all the way to the other end. They pretended to be nice and came over to introduce themselves when I sat down. They all sat on the opposite side of me. I should have noticed then that something bad was going to happen. People at other tables nearby got up to leave in droves. I got nervous. The tall black guy asked for all my money. He was real nice about the whole thing. I think his name was Terry, I thought that was a girl’s name? Anyway he said that his “Men” were going to take care of business if I didn’t cough it up. I knew where this was going so I ducked under the table. Three of the guys started to duck under after me so I popped back up. They followed under and up. I tricked them because I never came back up where the chairs were. I waited for a whole second then stood upright under the table and flipped into the air. Their lunches went all over the place. Food was all in their faces and clothes. I grabbed my bag and left. They’ve been looking for me all day.”
“Do you know their names or their year?” Joan asked?
“Now come on, Joan, we can’t go hunting four boys down because they chased Milton all day.” Miranda tried to restate their mission. “Miss Margrette said...”
All eyes went towards Chase Brown to see if she had been listening. She appeared to be lost in some book while she sat towards the window next to her. Milton continued as though Miranda said nothing at all. “Funny thing about this gang, they are very polite. Introductions were made down the line. I think they are seniors though because of their size. The guy in charge was called Terry, the other dark skin fellow was Jamal then the white dudes were Jake and Alex. Watch out for that Alex guy though, he has that crazed look that Pink had, remember?”
“Yea, I certainly remember that look.” Joan replied.

Back at the apartment Miranda started in on her homework. They had to be at the Resident Facilities in an hour. She knew if she started now the rest of the night would be easy. Moments into reading at the kitchen table she realized that Joan had the same homework. It didn’t take long for her to forget that she had to help Joan out. No point in doing it twice, once for her then reading out loud to Joan and writing her answers. She went to Milton’s room and found Joan and her brother making out on the bed.
That pang in her gut made her feel empty watching them. Miranda frog stomped into the room and grabbed Joan’s hand. “Enough of that, we have home work to do. Mill you need to focus on yours.” “But I don’t have any.” Milton shot back. “Didn’t I tell you that I’m ahead of everyone else in the class? I won’t have any home work for days. Studying so hard with Miss Tangeer has put me ahead. I can’t believe I’m saying this but I’m glad she pushed me so hard.” Miranda growled at the thought of it. She reached over and pushed her brother off the bed before pulling Joan out of the room. Joan followed without saying a word. She could feel a thick veil of resentment, like pea soup, emanating from Miranda.
Milton laughed out loud, for once in his life he was doing better than his sister. She didn’t like it but he didn’t care. It felt good to have things finally go his way.
On the couch Miranda read out loud the parts of the chapter they needed to cover that evening. Joan half listened, her eyes glazed over. Miranda looked at Joan then scolded her. “Are you even listening? I don’t want to read this twice.” Joan looked at Miranda. “I’m sorry that you have to take care of me. I didn’t consider the amount of work you would have to do after I left the hospital ward, I mean making you my nurse maid. You really are the best friend anyone could have.”
Miranda looked down to the floor. “I’m sorry I got angry with you when you and Milton were together. It’s just that... I feel this... this emptiness in my heart when I see you together.”
“What about Ash, is he a contender, or is he more a passing crush?” Joan asked.
Miranda paused to consider something before continuing. “Ash works at the Patient Facility Building, so he must have graduated from high school making him around eighteen or more. I’m still sixteen. I don’t turn seventeen until August. No matter how infatuated I get he will still be too old for me. I don’t exactly have boys falling over themselves to be with me and Ash looks at me in the way Mill looks at you. It’s hard to justify not liking that kind of attention or wanting more of it. Now that we live here and I don’t have much outside interaction, I feel like I will be alone forever. I know I can’t return his attentions because he can’t be brought into...”
“The mess I caused this family?” Joan said. “Yea, it bothers me that I dragged your family through my hell. It bothers me every day that you can’t have a normal life anymore.” Joan’s bitter tone changed to a more hopeful one. “But the age difference shouldn’t be that big of a problem, I’m over three hundred years older than Mill and...”
“But that’s different. Everything about you is different than everyone else.” Miranda said harshly. Joan looked as though she had been just slapped in the face. Miranda responded quickly to remedy her poor tone and choice of words. “You’re different than everybody else in a great way. I didn’t mean to sound derogatory. I meant it in a way that say says it’s something I can’t have. You’re tall and beautiful, with dark hair. Your eyes have a depth that people can fall into and won’t be able to climb out of again, you have a strength that impresses everyone, and you have a kind of courage not seen in perhaps centuries. Mill really didn’t have a chance when we met you. In fact, remember, when we read some of the reports about you twenty years ago, you’re old ward supervisors mentioned you had many boys following you but you had no interest back in them back then. Mill was so lucky to have found you....” Miranda’s voice trailed off. “I don’t think I can do homework anymore. I’m sorry.” Miranda left her books on the couch and left. She ran into the open elevator departing the third floor altogether. She tried to hide the sobs that Joan could still hear.

Milton walked over to the Patient Facilities alone. When he arrived at the table where Ernie and Diegel sat everyday he saw his sister already there. As usual Diegel watched the screen and Ernie watched the floor as he listened, today they were watching the channel TV Land and the Dick Van Dyke show was playing. Nurse Atylie was absent.
“What’s up, are you okay?” Milton asked.
“What’s it to you?” Miranda shot back.
“Joan is upset and you’re here before me. Did you guys have a fight or something?”
“It’s none of your business. We need you to sit here until Nurse Atylie comes back. But I have to go to the bathroom so you’ll have to be alone for a minute or so. The show that’s on is the Dick Van Dyke show, on the TV Land channel and the episode is, ‘It May Look Like a Walnut’, I’ll be right back.”
“Wait, tell me again what you said?” Milton rushed to find a pen.
“For heaven’s sake, I already wrote it all down on the pad of paper where I was sitting.” Miranda pushed the pad of paper to his seat before she left.
Diegel spoke up in a short burst of words. “Watch out for the walnuts.”
Milton wrote what he was supposed to write, Miranda squinted her eyes wondering what the meaning was then left.

Miranda walked down the hall struggling internally with the idea of seeking where Ash actually worked. When she arrived at the bathroom she paused at the door. She never really had to go but it was a good excuse to gaze longingly down the hall while she waited, hoping Ash would walk by. She couldn’t decide to pursue her heart or to do what was required. Miranda stood leaning on the door frame until eventually she heart started to win her over.
Miranda couldn’t wait for him to walk by. She set off to find where he might be. It didn’t take very long either. She approached the set of elevators where they met the last time, albeit in the spaghetti sauce encounter. One of the cars announced its arrival causing her to hide around the corner. She watched intently to see if Ash was on the lift. He wasn’t, it was Miss Bratton, the director of the facility. Miranda watched her walk by focusing on a clipboard. Miranda lost her nerve and immediately turned away to head back to the common room. In a moment of complete surprise she turned right into Ash and the wheeled collection bucket full of towels he was pushing. Miranda fell in bucket face first. Her feet dangled out into the air.
Ash ran over to help her back in an upright position which caused her to be engulfed in his arms. He was strong and handsome, he held her firm, she didn’t want him to let go. They stared into each other’s eyes. Ash started to say that he was sorry about his running into her but Miranda stretched her neck up, pushed up on her tip toes, and kissed him. She didn’t stop kissing him until several minutes later or right away, it was difficult to tell in and amongst the fireworks going off in her head. He responded equally and passionately until he pushed her away. “I can’t be seen kissing you at work, I’ll get into trouble.”
“Yes you will.” Miss Bratton said in a stern voice from behind them. When she noticed Miranda from behind Ash’s tall frame, she changed her attitude quickly. “Ah... Miss Caldwell. I see you’ve met Mr. Pendleton. May I suggest that you allow him to get back to his duties? I believe Miss Caldwell that you also have work to attend to.”
Miranda created a little distance between her and Ash. She looked to the floor and bit her lip before she answered Miss Bratton. She tried to be as professional sounding as possible. “Yes, yes I do.” She stood more upright and faced Ash. “Until next time, then?” Her professionalism lasted only a second before she lost her nerve and bolted down the hall to the common room.

Milton watched Miranda walk up to the table. He and Nurse Atylie were attempting to feed the men in their care. Miranda had on an expression that advertised that she was on drugs. Her eyes were lost in something apart from the real world, her smile full of bliss and buoyancy.
Diegel fought being fed. He kept shouting, “Watch out for the walnuts! Watch out for the walnuts!” over and over again. Ernie was strangely quiet. Nurse Atylie tried to feed some vegetables to him but he kept knocking them away. Ernie quietly took every spoonful of food offered from Milton. When Miranda was in full view of the men Diegel calmed down but Ernie said, “She has returned a Twiloite, but she still has thumbs.” Miranda looked at her thumbs wondering what all that was about.



Chapter 14
Alwaiss Factor on the Unexpected


The next morning Miranda could be heard singing in the shower. Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell looked at each other at the breakfast table wondering if they were hearing what they heard correctly. Mr. Caldwell had his elbows on the table as he held his coffee cup blowing onto the surface to cool it off between words. “Do you think it’s,” Mr. Caldwell blew on his coffee, “Joan singing in the shower?” He asked.
Mrs. Caldwell put a plate in front of him of eggs and dry toast. “I don’t think so, it sounds like our daughter.”
Joan walked into the room. She held her guide stick up while holding her back pack before bumping into the table. Everything shifted, the orange juice spilled and some coffee out of Mr. Caldwell’s very full cup. The hot liquid spilled over the side and burned Mr. Caldwell’s hands. Very quickly he put the cup down to wipe them. “Joan apologized quickly guessing at what occurred by the sounds that followed. Mr. Caldwell tried to make conversation to avoid the burning he felt. “We thought it was you singing in the shower.” Mrs. Caldwell corrected him. “Frank thought it was you in the shower.”
Mrs. Caldwell directed Joan to a seat. “Have a seat dear and I’ll get you a plate. Are we going to some of everything again this morning?”
Joan answered cheerfully, “As always.”
“So it’s Miranda singing.” Mr. Caldwell said out loud. “She has never sung in the shower before. Do you know what’s up?”
Mr. Caldwell sounded concerned about Miranda’s new found euphoria as though it were an illness she caught somewhere. Joan chuckled at his over concern with the singing. “I think she’s just overly happy this morning that’s all.” Joan said.
The shower stopped. So did the singing. Miranda could now be heard humming.
“Well, this is so out of the blue. That’s usually a sign.” Mr. Caldwell said.
“A sign of what Frank?” Mrs. Caldwell threw out at him. “She can be happy every now and then. You make it sound like we don’t want her to be.”
“No… I don’t mean to sound like that, I’m just saying that when the singing starts its because of a ...”
Milton walked into the room. He plopped onto a seat at the table. His tired persona didn’t exclude him from the conversation going on around him. “Why are there so many people talking? Some of us are trying to sleep here.” Dead silence filled the table at his exclamation. Joan used her guide stick and hit him over the head from across the table. He shouted out in pain at the strike. “Ouch, Why did you that for?”  “Because you’re being rude.” Mrs. Caldwell spoke out for Joan.
Mr. Caldwell looked over to his son and in a stern voice and asked, “Why is your sister singing?”
Milton said it without thinking, without considering the implication of the true meaning of his words. In fact no would ever be able to figure it all out unless they had sat at the same table as he and nurse Atilie with Ernie and Diegel the day before. Without any reference to anything, Milton reached across the table for some pancakes and said. “It’s because of the walnuts.”
Everyone at the table showed their apparent ability to understand Milton’s statement. Mr. Caldwell gazed sternly at his son. “Are you trying to...” Mrs. Caldwell took Joan’s cane and struck him on the head again before her husband could finish his sentance.
“Ouch! Cut it out!” Milton burst out.
“Get everyone angry.” Mr. Caldwell finished.”
“No, I... Yesterday at the Resident Facilities Building Diegel was being weird. When Miranda announced that she was going to the bathroom, he said ‘To watch out for the walnuts’. I have no idea what that meant. He repeated it over and over, he wouldn’t eat either, He became frantic the longer Miranda was gone. When she came back he finally calmed down. Then Ernie said that she was a Twiloite now but she still had thumbs. I don’t know what any of it means but that’s all I know. Can I eat now?”
Miranda walked into the room. She still had that buoyant look about her. “What’s all the conversation about?” She asked in a light tone. Everyone was silent now either eating with a mesmerized look about them or reading at a portion of the paper trying to hide their expression. Mr. Caldwell’s breakfast still had not been touched. “Frank dear, are you going to even eat this morning?”
Mr. Caldwell had a grumpy look about him now. Joan noticed, even with her impaired eyesight, that he wanted to leave for work but it wasn’t time yet. Something about Miranda’s singing bothered him greatly. She wondered what he could possibly be worried about in concern to his daughter. She wondered about the singing too, did she go and see Ash? Was that why she was so happy all of a sudden?
The elevator came to a stop on their floor. The inexhaustible “Ding” sound preceded her arrival. Miss Margrette strode out confidently to the table where the family all sat quietly eating. “I am a little early this morning. But that doesn’t mean we have to leave early. I have a note for Joan from Mr. Burnelle.” She handed it to Joan. Her voice had progressed past the feint whisper it had been since her encounter with Randle Targsworth. It was almost normal. “Otherwise I will be waiting down stairs. Mr. Caldwell stood. “No, please take my seat. I must head off the work anyways.” He held out the chair for her to take his seat, waiting.
Miss Margrette opened her eyes a little wider at his gesture wondering what was going on that required her to sit in at the table. She accepted, rather hesitantly, at his invitation to join.
Everyone in the room watched him leave. After the lift descended, all eyes went to Joan and her note. Joan opened it but couldn’t read it. Miranda reached across the table to take the note and read it out loud.

“This afternoon, when Mr. Milton and Miss. Miranda are at the Residence Facilities working, I would like to have you accompany me in my office for another attempt at resolving your memory. If this is acceptable please send word with Miss Smith and I will make preparations for your visit.

Your servant,

Number 27, as Burnell Burnelle.”

Milton chucked outwardly causing him to choke on a bit of food still in his mouth. “He has a first and last name as are the same name?”
Miranda slapped Milton on the back to help him clear his passage in a way that was actually helping him, another sign that Miranda was off. Miss Margrette smirked a little before she spoke. “Yes... He has the same first and last name. Mr. Burnelle’s parents were cruel to him in many ways when he was a boy. His name is the most obvious.”
Joan turned to Miss Margrette ignoring Milton’s poor manners. “I will attend.”
“Very well, I will inform Mr. Burnelle.” Miss Margrette accepted.
Mrs. Caldwell turned to Miss Margrette afterwards. “May I offer you a coffee and a question?”
“I would love a coffee.” The acceptance of the question was implied.
“What does ‘Watch out for the Walnuts’ mean to you?’”
A very inquisitive expression appeared on Miss Margrette face. “Are there walnuts in the coffee?” She asked.
Miranda eyes opened wider, she had heard the same thing last night. What was going on with walnuts she wondered?

The Black Limousine dropped off all three friends. Miranda, remembering what the huge sign said about the basketball game that coming Saturday, made sure Joan got out of the vehicle in a way where she could focus on the school’s front door instead. She handed Joan her guide stick and led the way into the school. Once inside Milton had become increasingly agitated. His head turned one way then the other keeping a keen eye out. “What is wrong with you this morning?” Joan asked. “Just keeping an eye out for, you know, those four seniors.”
Miranda said in an easy sing song-y tone, “Just keep your head down and everything will be alright.”
Milton looked over to his sister, “Did you get hit in the head last night or something?”
“No... Why?”
“I got to go.” Milton said as he kissed Joan. Joan said good bye but it was lost in the shuffle of students running by.
Joan turned on Miranda. “I may be acting blind but I still can see there’s something up with you. Did you see Ash last night?”
“Oh yes. I saw Ash. Isn’t Ash the coolest name in the world? He has the most perfect lips. And he’s strong, He held me so tight.”
Joan’s jaw hung open. “The perfect lips! You couldn’t tell me this last night. I was worried sick that I had hurt you in some way. I was up late wondering. You kissed him!” How did you go from not being able to see him to kissing him?”
“I ran into him and fell again, you know.” Miranda indicated with hands her inability to stand up straight as a passing note of little interest. She spoke as though she were still in a dream. She placed her little finger of her right hand to her teeth and bit it lightly. “He helped me up and held me. I looked into his eyes. I threw caution to the wind and thought ‘What the hell’ Then I kissed him. The fireworks were ... He’s so tender and...He just takes my breath away.”
The first bell rang. The last vestiges of students were running by to meet their first class. Joan took out her Guide stick to keep up the right look but she had to pull Miranda behind her. She was still lost to her dreams and being late was now a real possibility. They had not been to Spanish class yet and they still had to find it. The class was on the third floor in the foreign language wing and they had to take the stairs. Joan was allowed to use the elevator but it was much too far away at the moment. When they arrived at the class room door the second bell rang. They had just made it in time. Joan was amazed that with her poor vision and dragging Miranda she found it on the first try.
The teacher was an older man. He had a light green button down shirt with a black bowtie, a pair of brown kakis and sneakers. They matched together in color but not to his ensemble. His hair was blond and flyaway with a large balding spot. He was overweight with jowls that shook when he spoke. When he told everyone to sit down, he spoke in Spanish so they could get started. “Siéntate para que podamos empezar.” All the students that were still standing began to take their seats understanding their teacher’s wishes. Joan easily understood but the remaining seats were apart and Joan couldn’t sit next to Miranda so they turned to the teacher and waited.
“Are you the new students I’m expecting?” The teacher asked in Spanish.
Joan quickly answered without hesitation in Spanish. “Yes we are but there are no seats available for us to sit together. My visual imparity requires a different arrangement.”
“Si, lo estamos, pero no hay asientos disponibles para nosotros para sentarse juntos. Mi imparity visual requiere un arreglo diferente.”

The teacher’s eyes literally popped open. He had never had a student that could speak the language so well in his class. He bowed to Miranda and Joan and responded to them in English. I am Mr. Pena and I am impressed that you can speak the language so well.” Miranda introduced her and Joan, “I’m Miranda Gresham and this Joan Parisy. Mr. Pena looked up to the students towards the back of the room. “Jamal and Missey, please move to another chair.”
Minutes later everyone was in their rightful place and Mr. Pena began to speak. The intercom suddenly came on. Joan Darcy, can Joan Darcy please come down to the office.” The intercom went silent. Students in the class started to whispered vociferously. Joan and Miranda became fearful of what that page could mean. Joan could make out much of what was said in the room through her enhanced hearing of late.
“Joan Darcy? Isn’t she the one that was bringing Central High to their first basketball final in years?” Said one boy off by the windows. A girl not far away said that she heard that Joan died. Another two boys wondered if “Joan was finally transferring to Northern to take their basketball team to the finals like they had been hearing about for two weeks.”
Joan’s mouth hung open. Miranda was staring at her. “What do you think we should do?” Miranda whispered.
Joan raised her hand. “Mr. Pena, I believe that I must speak with whoever wants Joan Darcy. 
“Why would you need to speak to this individual?” Mr. Pena asked. His tone sardonic.
“Ah...” Joan stammered. “We... I... I mean I know Joan personally and she doesn’t come to this school.” Joan invented wildly.
Mr. Pena didn’t look to accommodating over the idea that Joan, and presumably Miranda, would have to leave the class after they just arrived. He took a deep breath. “Very well, make it quick. There is a quiz later which you cannot afford to miss.” The entire class groaned loudly at this announcement.
Miranda quickly escorted Joan out of the class to the stairs, Joan with her tapping cane before her. Minutes later they arrived at the wing where the office occupied space. They both stopped at the corner to peer around and see who might be asking for Joan Darcy.
In front of the high counter where the secretaries worked, a boy or man stood facing the outside door as though he were expecting Joan to come in off the bus. His face was hidden completely. “Explain this man to me.” Joan said. “I can’t see him well.” Miranda strained her vision. “He is somewhat tall and thin. He has brown hair, I think but he’s wearing a hat, He has a jean jacket on and sneakers.”
Joan scolded Miranda. “That explains every boy in Michigan. Is he a man or teenager? Maybe its Clyde Savage and he’s found me.”
“It’s definitely a teenager. Clyde Savage doesn’t wear jean jackets.” Miranda stated from memory at what she remembered Clyde wearing the last time they encountered him.
“So you think it’s safe to see who it is?” Joan asked before she took a couple of deep breaths. “I need my vision to protect us properly. I don’t feel confident not being able to walk in ready for anything.”
Miranda stepped out from their hiding place around the corner. “I think we’ll be fine. Let’s go.” She led an apprehensive Joan down the hall.

Miranda led Joan, who resisted the tug, the entire way to the office. The lady at the desk who was waiting impatiently took a deep breath at the sight a visually impaired teenager approaching her desk. Her disbelief showed deeply across the lines in her face. “You’re Joan Darcy, the superstar basketball player from Central High?” The woman asked. When she spat those words her oversized hoop ear rings shook violently.
Joan stopped tapping her cane in front of her. Keeping up with the faux disability took a little break over her nervousness at the question.  She responded with a,“Uh...”
“Didn’t you start here yesterday?” The woman asked still glowering at her.
Miranda cut in. “This isn’t Joan Darcy. Joan Darcy doesn’t attend this school. There has been some sort of mix up. We came down to talk too...”
Reed Alwaiss turned around to face Joan. He was surprised to see Miranda standing by her side. His first comment was not to Joan but to Miranda. “What are you doing here?”
Miranda’s eyes grew in surprise as well. “What are you doing here?”
The woman at the counter became more agitated. “Are any of you Joan Darcy?”
The two girls said “No” but Reed said “Yes.” The woman looked to each of them and put up her hands into the air. “I don’t want to know what’s going on. I don’t have time.” She turned away to return to her desk. Reed took Joan’s arm and led her further down the hall out of ear shot. Miranda followed on their heels. 
Reed turned to Miranda angrily. “I need to speak to Joan alone.”
Miranda sputtered out many phrases in her need to educate Reed about what she couldn’t actually say in front of the secretaries at the desk. “You need to understand that Joan isn’t who she seems. She is Joan Parisy now. Asking for Darcy will upset...”
Reed cut her off. “I don’t care what you and your brother are up to. I just need to talk to Joan and I need you to give us some space.”
Miranda’s face changed instantly. Joan could tell that she was hurt. Miranda turned away and walked down the hall and waited by the drinking fountain. When Reed turned back to Joan he could see that she was very angry.
“Your tone has put you in a very dangerous position. If you don’t lighten up something bad will happen.”
Reed instantly became submissive. “Uh… Right. Where have you been? I’ve been searching for you for weeks, and what’s with this blind man’s cane?”
Joan glanced down to her cane. “I had an accident and I can’t see as well as used to. You had better treat my friends nicely or we will have more than words.”
Reed swallowed hard trying to avoid Joan’s anger. “So how come you’re here now? And why is your last name Parisy?”
Joan didn’t know what to say. She couldn’t talk about the Observer Program, the fact that she was over three hundred years old, or that there were organizations trying to kill her. Defensively she asked a question back. “Why are you trying to find me anyway? What’s so important?”
Reed bit his lip. Suddenly he didn’t know how to start this conversation he wanted to have with Joan. He thought about it for so long now that it should be on the tip of his tongue. So where was it? He looked longingly into her eyes. The memories came flooding back about why he wanted her in his life. Unfortunately he still couldn’t find the words to start. It was like he had a tourniquet around his adam’s apple.
Reed pulled her in close. Joan looked at him with a questioning face. She thought madness had taken hold of his senses. “What’s wrong?” Joan tried to say but Reed pulled her in still closer and kissed her. The kiss was full of passion and longing. He held her firmly not sure he could let her go. Joan fell into the kiss’s intent. Her knees lost the ability to hold her up. Reed held her tighter.

Miranda was looking at the floor wondering what impact this would have on their hidden agenda of being different people at a new school. When she looked up at the presumably arguing couple her jaw fell slack. Joan was kissing Reed!

Joan pushed Reed away when the image of Milton finally came to mind. “What are you doing? I’m in a relationship, I’m not Joan Darcy anymore either, I’m...”
Reed interrupted her. His words were now able to be released and they fell from his lips unrestrained. “I need you. I can’t stop thinking about you. You have become my whole world. I’ve come to the conclusion that I can’t live without you. I know you might still be with this Milton character but I can offer so much more...”

The woman at the secretary’s desk was peering over the counter now watching and listening to what Reed was saying. One ear ring swung wildly as she tried to maintain her balance over the edge of the counter. The other lay flat against her neck. She didn’t appear to be tasked anymore, rather she seemed engaged with the devotion to romance being displayed to the new student named Joan Parisy, or Darcy, it didn’t matter. Her heart swelled at the thought of love and the persistence of this Reed character to seek her out. It was like watching a romantic comedy right there in her school, in the hall in front of her. She placed a hand over her swelling heart.

Miranda had to put a hand on the wall near her to support her week knees. A dagger just pierced her heart for her brother. Joan had just committed the worse thing a relationship could possibly endure and Milton wasn’t here to defend his honor. To think, she thought Reed was a nice guy. Now he became the enemy, the spear that would separate Joan and her brother had been shown, his words of adoration clearly heard. She didn’t wait to hear what was next, she couldn’t stomach it. Miranda tuned around and walked away leaving Joan to get out of her problem by herself.

Joan finally appeared at the door of Mr. Pena’s class many minutes after Miranda arrived, her red and white cane knocking around the door frame then the desks as she approached trying to find hers. She was angry that Miranda, her best friend in the whole world, left her alone with Reed.
When she saw Miranda ignoring her, Joan amped up her blind persona. She used her hands trying to feel everyone’s arms, at each desk, until she came upon Miranda. That’s when she pursed her lips and groped around until she found her face then clamped down with her finger nails over her cheek to cause some pain. Miranda groaned. Joan made her way around Miranda’s chair before releasing her hand as she sat in her own seat. “Why did you leave? Joan whispered harshly. When I need your support the most I find that you left.” Miranda scribbled a note and gave it to Joan at almost a toss. Joan caught and opened it but couldn’t read the words. “Oh, that’s real nice, ha, ha!” Joan responded.
Joan held the note until the quiz came up. Mr. Pena passed out the papers then said to “Begin.” He left afterwards to run an errand. Joan turned to a girl sitting to her right and poked her with her finger. “Read this to me.” She demanded this small favor despite not knowing the girls name.
“I’m Denise, by the way.” Denise said to Joan. They stared at each other for a second. Denise wondered how pitiful it was that Joan couldn’t read the note before deciding to read aloud. “I know you can’t see the words on this paper but I’m sure you know how to read between the lines. The word betrayal is written all over my face and I’m pretty sure you can’t see that, but you should be able to feel it through Reed’s lips.”
Joan ripped the note out of Denise’s hand and crumpled it into a little ball before throwing it at Miranda. It bounced off her temple before landing on the floor just as Mr. Pena walked back into the room. Joan slumped in her seat for the rest of class. She couldn’t take the quiz without Miranda and by the end of class the paper before her was just as blank as when she received it.
The entire day dragged. Miranda didn’t help Joan negotiate the halls or help with school work anymore. She ignored Joan at every turn. It was just their second day and Joan didn’t know much about the school. Every new hallway was a new adventure.
At lunch Miranda sat at another table and tried her best to make new friends while Joan watched from a table not too far away. Every once and a while Miranda would pass a note written in over large letters to her. It traveled through different students hands at tables between them. The word “BETRAYER” was written in bold letters on each note large enough for her to read.
Between classes Joan just wandered aimlessly trying to catch up or sat slumped in her chair during every class. Neither spoke to each other. At the end of the day Joan knew she would see Milton, this excited her and scared her at the same time. She didn’t know what Miranda would do or say. This concept scared Joan the most. She wanted to be the one to handle this situation with Milton.
In the last class of the day, European Studies with Mr. Chandlers, Joan tried to speak to Miranda. She was desperate to find out her plans for information towards Milton. But Miranda wouldn’t cooperate. A huge pit in her stomach weighed her down. It wasn’t the same kind of sensation Joan usually felt before a confrontation, but it did make her feel sick. She desperately wanted Miranda to let her handle the conversation with Milton but she didn’t know what to do, or say. At the sound of the bell, Miranda set off at a sprint. She wanted to loose Joan in the crowd. Joan knew this would happen and was prepared by having her cane and backpack in hand. But Miranda succeeded in losing her among the rush of students just the same.

When Joan managed to make it to the place where they all met before exiting the building, she saw a horrific sight. A dark skinned boy had Milton pressed to the ground and one of his friends had Miranda in a half Nelson. Two others stood to the side talking calmly about was to be expected surrounding their rules. Joan’s eyesight was sharp enough to recognize what was going on. A small crowd partially surrounded the incident. Others were trying to run by not wanting to have anything to do with the whole affair. Joan sped up. She decided to use her disability to cover what she was about to do.
Joan held her cane out tapping the floor as she ran towards the door, once and a while she raised it in the air to show that she was out of control. The ball at the end was white and at times it looked like a blur when Joan flung it around. She started shouting Miranda’s name in a desperate kind of way to indicate she was lost.
Students all around saw this crazy action and quickly depressed themselves into the wall to give the red and white cane space to travel safely, of course the four boys never released their quarry. Their interest changed into what this new blind girl was up to. Terry, the leader who was the only one speaking, waved a hand to his friend to take care of the blind girl so he could finish his business. “Alex, take care of that please.”
In Joan’s act, she stood outside herself watching the movements of everyone. The politeness of the boy called Terry surprised her. This was the gang that had previously threatened Milton. She remembered him mentioning the leaders name. Anger flared within. When she became close enough to Terry’s thug Joan changed the canes trajectory. Without realizing where the cane went as he ran at Joan, it struck Alex square in the temple wiping the smile off his face. With a resounding thud he fell unconscious to the floor. Joan continued never stopping. Her target was a boy named Terry.
“Miranda! Where are you Miranda?” Joan shouted continuing to her target. Terry waved to Jamal to finish what Alex could not. “Jamal, I want her out!” Terry exclaimed as Joan approached to within twenty feet. Jamal ran at Joan like an uncaged animal. His size lent her to believe a rhinoceros had begun to charge her.
She could see that Jamel was much bigger than Alex, perhaps a football dropout. She pretended to trip and made to fall to the floor. When she was close to the floor she did a forward roll, out of instinct, and brought her cane up like it was a lead pipe before continuing in her run at Terry. Her cane hit Jamal hard under the chin. Jamal’s neck flew back so hard that his feet left the floor. He landed on his back and like his friend, he laid still, his eyes closed and twitching.
Terry’s eyes changed to the threat now coming at him as fast as a freight train. He dove behind his last henchman, who happened to be holding Miranda from behind in a now loose half Nelson.
“Miranda! Somebody find Miranda for me please!” Joan exclaimed as she slightly changed course to be on track to hit Terry. Time started to slow. Joan’s stomach clenched and she did the most unbelievable maneuver worthy of a profession gymnast. Again she pretended to trip at top speed. She flipped in the air without her hands touching the floor. Her hand holding the cane followed a different circumference when she reached the ninety degree mark in her flip. The blind man’s cane spun vertically going behind Miranda’s still head and hitting her incarcerator in the ear. The boy flew sideways leaving Miranda cowering thinking she would be next to be hit in the exchange.
Joan finished her flip landing on her feet, still at a run, and crashed right into Terry. “Are you Miranda?” Joan shouted in a crazed way taking him out the door with her momentum. The momentum continued to push Terry and Joan to the edge of the concrete steps where Joan pulled back to stop them both. Terry stood on the very edge teetering precariously with Joan’s firm grip the only thing holding him up. Joan took her right hand, while she maintained her grip with her left, and felt Terry’s face. “You feel too ugly to be Miranda. Are you Miranda?”
Terry shook his head slowly, his gaze trying to peer over his shoulder to gain a better perspective on his predicament. Fear of falling down the concrete stairs evident on his face.
“You are not Miranda.” Joan said before she let Terry go. Instantly he lost his balance and waved his hands wildly to regain his composure but he fell back just the same. The sound of Terry hitting every step as he fell was prominent in everyone’s ears. Some students ran out to watch his fall. Joan turned around to continue her fake search for Miranda. That’s when she realized that there so many students watching. Her consideration of what all these people just witnessed made her lose confidence in her position on the steps. She too lost her balance and fell back. In an almost divine way she toppled with grace to land right on top of Terry where he was splayed out on the sidewalk below. Air rushed out of his lungs so fast that anyone who watched wondered if he would be able get any of it back.


Chapter 15 
A Memory Untold


“I don’t want to talk to you right now.” Miranda stated for the fifteenth time in a row to Joan. Whenever Milton tried to ask what was going on between them he was shouted down by both Joan and Miranda and was further told by his sister to “Shut up”. They had just exited the limousine in the OBSVR facilities parking lot, Miranda stormed into the atrium, Joan and Milton on her heels. Silently they took the escalator down towards the tunnel.
Workers were in the process of starting the next phase of construction, of the atrium building, and replacing all the broken panes of glass at the same time. The sound of construction blocked out all sounds on the escalator. When they reached the bottom Miranda turned on her brother. “I need to talk to Joan alone I want you to go to back to the apartment, we’ll be right behind you.”
Milton eyed his sister then Joan wondering what was going on. He wanted to rejoice in the total humiliation of the four seniors ganging up on him and his sister. Why were they so unhappy? With hesitation he turned away to get some ice cream and celebrate alone. They watched Milton walk, slouch shouldered, until he disappeared into the tunnel towards the elevator to the apartment.
Joan and Miranda began to circle each other as though they mimicked two big horned sheep waiting for the right time to ram their horns together. Miranda dropped her backpack onto the floor before she started in. She needed her hands available to exaggerate what needed to be said.
“What were you doing? How could you?” Miranda spat. “I just saved your butt.” Joan spat back. “Not then, don’t even get me started on that! I’m talking about Reed! You just stabbed me and Mill in the back. We trusted you!”
Joan didn’t know what to say immediately. She was hurt, hurt down to her heart. Her soul ached. Miranda shouted out “Why!”
“I’m in love with Mill, you know that but I do like Reed. I would have never initiated a kiss but when he pulled me in close I... I... I didn’t push him away. It was romantic... It was like Ash.”
“What!” Miranda shouted.
“No, I didn’t kiss Ash.” Joan quickly corrected. “I still don’t know what he even looks like. I meant that it was like you said. He pulled you in close and before you kissed him. Well, I did almost the same thing. Reed pulled me in close and I let him kiss me. I was getting so hot, I wanted it. There I said it! I wanted him to kiss me.” Joan spat it out, she started to cry, her feelings of betrayal stabbing deep inside her chest now.
Joan understood the whole affair better now. The heat that built up inside made her desire many things, like closeness, intimacy, and...  She didn’t want to say it but she still felt it inside. It made her want things outside her relationship with Milton. It made her crazy in her head. “I’ve never had a boyfriend before and I don’t remember what it’s like to have boys want me. It makes me feel good. But I need to remember Milton and his feelings, I need to remember you. I can’t believe I let him kiss me, I’m sorry! I didn’t know what I was thinking.”
Miranda threw her hands in the air. “You! You! You think I’m any different! But I didn’t kiss another boy! You had tons of opportunities to be with boys for more than three hundred years but I’ve only had one. Don’t you compare yourself with me! You’ve never been a normal person in the way the rest of us are. But affairs of the heart bring us all together making you the same as the rest of us. You have another obligation to remember and his name is Mill!” Joan sobbed openly as though she were mortally wounded. She tried to defend herself. “But I don’t remember any of those times and I only want Mill.”
Miranda pressed forward not considering her plea. “Why did he come to the school anyway? He had to skip a class or two to come here. What was so important, a kiss?” Miranda asked snidely, still hot under the collar.
“Yes. He said he was in love with me and he couldn’t live without me. He wanted me to come back to Central high. He made this whole list of items that made him a better candidate than Mill to be my boyfriend.” Joan revealed quickly still fighting back tears.
“Really?” Miranda’s tune suddenly changed. It did sound very romantic. She remembered acutely what one kiss can do. “All this based on the one kiss you gave him in the locker room two months ago?”
Joan had Reed hold her backpack containing the artifacts of the telescope and compact until after her basketball practice one afternoon, keeping it safe from Cassandra and her gang. “But you should have of fought him off.” Miranda reasserted.
“That was the second kiss I gave him.” Joan corrected. “The first was on the cheek after he gave me some of his spare clothes to keep warm.” Joan made an involuntary chuckle when she recalled what transpired. Prior to that moment, she remembered being dragged into the cold water of the showers after gym, which included her gym clothes, by Cassandra and her goons. Reed felt bad for her and offered a set of warm clothes he had tucked away in his locker. “After I kissed him on the cheek he had a kind of spasm right there in the hall and fell to the floor. It was funny to watch. I wasn’t with Mill then.”
Miranda was able to see more clearly why Reed wanted to reach out to Joan. A beautiful girl that kissed him twice when they weren’t even dating? If Reed let slip information like that to all the nerds in the school the line to find Joan would impress even the Guinness Book of World Records Miranda thought.
Miranda considered everything that Joan had said. It was hard to hate her. Miranda softened her grip on the moment. She could see that Joan was visibly hurt by the whole affair. “Do you promise that you’ll never kiss Reed again?” Joan wiped the streaks off her face before nodding. She never wanted this to ever happen again. She was going to swear off any boy that didn’t have the name of Milton Caldwell. “I promise.”
Miranda approached Joan to give her a hug. Joan opened her arms to received Miranda, she needed that hug. Miranda reminded Joan of something very important. “You still have to tell Mill. He needs to know. It’s better to hear it from you then someone else, because if he hears it from Reed, for example, you may never make amends afterwards.” Joan nodded agreeing with her friend. “Yea, okay.”
Joan followed with, “I’m so glad I got to you guys in time at the doors. That Terry guy...” Anger flared in Miranda’s eyes all over again. When Miranda was inches from embracing her friend she changed her hand posture and pushed Joan instead. Joan fell over backwards not expecting to be off her footing. Miranda put her pointer finger in Joan’s face. I can’t believe what you did. You almost killed me with that cane! What were you thinking! You don’t go around swinging that thing like you did...” Miranda turned on her heel, grabbed her bag and was off. She stormed through the tunnel all the way back to the apartment. Joan sputtered, “But...but...” She sobbed again. Could she do nothing right?

It was clear that Miranda needed to be angry. If the Reed item was off the table then the fight would be a good substitution. Miranda didn’t release anger easily, she knew that. But it didn’t make Joan feel any better. She was a little hot headed when she saw the seniors holding Milton down on the floor and Miranda hostage when she attacked with her cane. Perhaps she should have approached the situation a little differently. Her heart still ached. Normalcy was over rated she thought.
Miranda sat in the kitchen with Milton having a glass of milk when Joan stepped off the lift. She gave Joan a contemptuous look before storming out of the kitchen to her room slamming the door behind her.
“What is going on?” Milton demanded. His head spinning back from his sister storming away to staring towards a down trodden girlfriend. “Is there something wrong to winning a fight against Terry and his thugs?” Milton added.
Joan wanted to talk about the kiss and forget the fight. She wanted to get that one problem off her chest. It was a heavy weight.
Milton continued. “I have you two fighting, there was the fighting with the seniors, which was a fantastic by the way, and there was a page for Joan Darcy at the school today. I want to talk to you guys about what I heard...”
Miranda stormed back into the kitchen, Milton went quiet to watch what his sister would do. She unexpectedly grabbed his hand then dragged him away. “We’re going to be late if we don’t get going.”
“Wait! I want to talk about this, it’s important!” Milton pleaded. “We’ll talk later.” Miranda scowled. “Now come on!” Milton tried to break his sister’s grip on his arm. It was like a vise and it started to hurt. “Let me go. What’s wrong with you two?”
Joan never said a word. She watched Milton go into the lift and disappear still able to hear his disgruntled mutterings as the lift fell away. Joan threw herself onto the couch. She ached for forgiveness, her heart was so sore. Miranda succeeded in prolonging Joan’s pain. Perhaps that was her plan all along.
Two minutes later the lift arrived. Miss Margrette stepped out. “Are you ready to go?”
Joan sat up. She pondered on the question. “Go where?”
“I’m here to escort you to Mr. Burnelle’s office. Did you forget?” “Uh, yea.” Joan said as she slid off the couch to follow. Together they entered the elevator.
Miss Margrette turned to Joan to ask a question. “I passed Miranda pulling Milton to the Resident Facilities under protest. He seemed pretty vocal. Is there a problem?”
Joan looked to the floor. “I did something to hurt several people including my friends. Milton just doesn’t know it yet.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Miss Margrette asked.
Joan shook her head lightly. Miss Margrette pushed further. “Does it have something to do with the four boys at the emergency room right now?” Their eyes met for a moment of surprise before Joan returned her gaze to the seam in the floor tile. When the elevator doors opened revealing the titanium lined walls of the tunnel Joan attempted to walk out but an arm held her back. “Or does it have to do with Reed Alwaiss asking for Joan Darcy at school today?”
“Is there anything you don’t know?” Joan asked harshly as she pulled her arm free, remembering the lack of privacy in the family’s affairs.
“There is much I am not informed about. For instance, I do not know why there are four boys in the ER or the fact that you kissed Reed Alwaiss in the hallway with the woman at the desk watching, not to mention Miranda. I have many ideas about what you’re feeling. I was young once, and impetus. I broke a few hearts in my time too. But beating on four boys? Come on... We talked about that. Invisible, remember? With Reed though, what’s going on is kind of ‘A right of passage’. You must go through it alone and I can’t tell you how you should feel or how to deal with it, but I can provide some ground rules. First, I would not beat up anymore boys at school.”
Joan began to protest. “They were beating up Milton...”
“It doesn’t matter what they did.” Miss Margrette said. “Invisible is the way to be. If those bullies want money, give it to them. I need you to understand that your friends need to finish out this school year. We have more money than the bullies can handle if came to it. Remember, you will never be in need on money, ever. Neither will your new family. Second, when it comes to other boys, look into your heart. It will never fail you. It may get broken a few times but it will never fail. Third, when it comes to Reed, you can never see him again. I’m sure you understand the many reasons why you cannot see him anymore.”
Joan began to protest again but Miss Margrette forestalled her. “Everyone in your inner circle is in constant danger. Do you wish to grow this circle to include people you cannot show feelings for?” Joan went silent knowing that she was right.
Several moments passed between them where their eyes were the only things being searched. Miss Margrette started again. “In time you will understand what I’m saying, not today, maybe not even next week, but one day. Now come, you have an important session to attend.”

Miss Margrette stood in the elevator watching Joan stand in front of the door to Mr. Burnelle’s office. Joan looked at the large number 27 painted on the glass. In her peripheral vision she could see Miss Margrette watching her but Joan did not give her the satisfaction of knowing that. Miss Margrette held the elevator until Number 27 invited Joan in before allowing the doors to close.
“Please come in.” Mr. Burnelle said in his deep baritone voice. Joan entered. She took in the office. The large desk held many lose papers and the globe was still spinning feebly from a prior unknown use. The large comfortable chairs that were usually in front of the desk were pushed back to their normal places around his spacious office less two that were cloistered together with a coffee table between them. Joan couldn’t help noticing that Number 27was busy before her arrival.
Joan’s eyes fell on the odd frame on the wall holding the partially oval glass near the entrance. Number 27 noticed her gaze upon it but said nothing as he approached. “Please come in, we have exciting things to talk about.” His vocal tone bounded with excitement. The frown on Joan’s face deflated his energy. “Is there something wrong?”
Joan told a little white lie as to deflect another life lesson. “Boy problems. That’s all.”
“Very good then! It shows your integration into all forms of society to be moving along rather well.” Joan tried to dispute his claim as to “Moving rather well” but again she was forestalled. “You cannot move forward one step in life without falling back three first. Life lessons, hard to come by, even harder to live through. Now we move onward. I have an exciting plan of attack today. Are you up to the challenge?”
With a disgruntled nod she agreed to move on. Even if was only to move past the uncomfortable position she felt cornered into. Number 27 led her to one of the chairs around the coffee table. She noticed a tray of what looked like applesauce cups and a single paper cup. At first it appeared to be empty but as she approached she could see the vague form of a cut pill inside. Number 27 took the chair opposite of Joan. He sat quickly, his excitement still evident. “Do you remember what we learned the last time?”
Joan pondered a moment before answering. “I learned that the impending storm wasn’t a traditional storm, it was an army marching on the castle.”
“Ahhhh, yes! You see that first part has already changed into memory. When we departed last, the dream only changed enough to recognize that the item seen at the forests edge as being the tip of a lone standard, but now it has become the leading edge of an encroaching army. Very good, very good indeed. Remember that I explained your mind needed to absorb the changes we inflicted from the hypnotization. What you will recall before we start today will reflect those changes. Think a moment, the trees you remembered are now gone, am I correct? They have been replaced by the members of the army you just mentioned.”
“Yea!” Joan said in excitement. Dubious recollection filled her with surprise.
“What else do remember about the changes?” Number 27 asked.
The excitement over what was learned became infectious. Joan could feel the energy. “I ran from the window to chase René. He was full of fun energy. The house staff was full of fear though, some were crying. A woman told me to run as fast as I could and hide.”
“There we go! Another piece out. You last said that the woman said run child run. Hide is the important addition here. Please continue. Number 27’s voice became giddier, if that was possible.
“After the woman finished speaking I run into the gentleman. He tells me to catch René as fast as I can and hide, hide with him” Joan recited. Number 27 clapped his hands. “‘Hide’ it is clear now. Danger is present, the staff is concerned about yours and René’s safety. Then you run into your father and he said?”
Joan opened her mouth to speak but no words formed. She could clearly see her father taking hold of her arm. He shook her. He opened his mouth to speak but no words come out this time. She remembered him asking where she had been. But now there are no words. She could see René in the long hallway behind him. But he isn’t laughing, he’s crying now, tears suddenly well up and run down Joan’s face at the memory.
“What do you see?” Number 27 asked with excitement thinking he was on the verge of success.
“René is crying, he’s really afraid and doesn’t know what to do. I don’t like the expression on his face. I want to run to him, I want to protect him. But my father still doesn’t say a word.” Joan sniffed and wiped her tears away.
“Very well done indeed. You have made great strides since the last time we met. Now to push on, I have the same drug here in my hand. I also have some apple sauce here to mix in...” Joan cut him off.
“I had another dream that is much closer to the current time. Maybe it’s more relevant to finding the mirror.” Joan said.
Number 27 paused before shaking his head. “No, the dream we are currently working on is where the crucial piece is hidden.
“But I haven’t even told you the dream.” Joan replied. “How do you even know that the dream with René is the correct one?”
The color drained somewhat from Number 27’s face. He recomposed himself. “The Observer Program knows many things and we know that this memory is the crucial part of where the casket is hidden. We know that Sir Epheron is the one who made the casket and how he orchestrated the original plans to hide it. We also know that he is the one who hid the mirror. And finally we know that he died trying to protect you and the mirror.”
“How do you know?” Joan asked.
Number 27 took a deep breath. Clearly hoping this question would never arise for he did not seem prepared to answer it.
“No more lies.” Number 27 said out loud to no one but himself. Joan heard it but she didn’t ask. She waited. He took a deep breath before he answered.
“I was there.” Number 27 stated in a very defeated tone. He turned his gaze to the floor.
Joan stood out of her chair and backed away from him. Her chair fell over backwards toppling to the floor. “What do you mean you were there? Did you watch them all die?” Tears started to run down her face, the pain of the loss was too great to hide.
Number 27 began to reveal the truth. “As you know, we can travel back in time with our projectors. I went back to find out the truth of your dream. I knew the final clue lay in the time just before the battle. But I cannot appear anywhere that I choose. I could only enter at ground level where the villagers were scrambling to get away from the invading army. I couldn’t rise through the castle fast enough to gain the information nor could I help the family and victims of the slaughter. I made many attempts.”
“The slaughter?” Joan was openly sobbing now. The idea that Number 27 saw the deaths of her only remembered family distressed her greatly. She backed further with a mixture of fear and disgust on her face. “And you didn’t want to tell me?”
“I feared that that if you knew some of the specifics about all their deaths you wouldn’t be able to recall anything further from the dream. It would solidify the dreams components and...”
Joan was only able to focus of the word “Slaughter” then of her family. Images flooded into her mind, bodies slain throughout the castle, blood everywhere. Joan, who could barely speak over the distress of seeing these images in her mind, choked on the next words she spoke. “You didn’t want to tell me because it would upset your plans. I can see how the Observer’s plans override all other concerns... Joan focused on the images in her mind again. “How did they die? I only witnessed René’s death.”
“I cannot put you through that. It would be too much to bear. Please remember that they were only your foster family. Sir Epheron and René were not your real father and brother.” Number 27 returned quickly, his tone pleading.
“They were my family!” Joan spat out. “Who was the invading army?” Joan seethed her last question with dangerous malice.
Number 27 paused. He didn’t want to reveal the army’s point of origin.
Joan shouted again. “Who killed my family?”
The sound of his own voice rang in Number 27’s ears. “No more lies.” With tears of sorrow he finally uttered the truth. “The Catholic church.”
Joan turned away to leave. Deadly intent evident on her face, and burning revenge engulfed her heart. Joan knew what she had to do. Tears openly flowed down her cheeks. Her hands were in fists. She had revenge on her mind and nothing was to stop her, nothing. There would be no place on the planet to hide for those who ran the church. Those who murdered, no, slaughtered her family had to die. Joan made for the door.
Before Joan reached the door however she heard the door lock. She turned to look at Number 27. He held a small remote control device. It was pointed to the door. Joan spat out, “You cannot stop me.”
“You need to understand that your hatred of the church is based on its past, not the current organization it is now.” Number 27 pleaded. “Those who gave the orders to kill your first family are already gone.”
“I don’t care. They will still pay... dearly.” Joan spat out again.
Joan kicked the door splintering it into three pieces. The glass shattered. The Brown’s outside the door didn’t know what to do. They watched her storm towards the elevator, malicious intent written all over her face. Number 27 ran to the broken portal. “We need to restrain her!” He pointed the remote to the elevator. A small light came on under the word “Locked” before Joan could reach the panel of buttons. Joan turned to the two Brown’s behind her. It was clear that their mandate was to protect Joan not restrain or hurt her. They were at odds as to what to do. The phone in the office started ringing. When Number 27 didn’t pick up immediately a voice shouted through the speaker. Miss St. Clair shouted out, “Mr. Burnelle, are you alright?” Number 27 called back as loud as he could. “Initiate code seventeen in the parking lot!”
A loud speaker blared out Miss St. Clair’s voice across the compound. “Code seventeen. Code seventeen in the parking lot.”
Joan looked at the two Brown’s again then out the window. She spun quickly where she stood using her elbow to smash out the window nearest her. A moment later she dove from the second story to the pavement below landing squarely on her feet ready for a fight. The two Brown’s left behind didn’t dare follow. They stared out the window wondering about the daunting prospect of jumping from this height. One ran off to the lift and fumbled with their key to unlock the elevator doors.
In the time it took Joan to consider her options to get off the second story, a multitude of Brown’s poured out into the parking area. All of them wore brown turtle necks with the customary brown and red checkered scarves. They attacked Joan reluctantly, that much was clear. They didn’t want to hurt her. To Joan however this was just a training session. She fought five and six at a time. Raw energy of revenge drove her. Scarves flew around in their acrobatic maneuvers just as Joan’s black hair did around her.
The Brown’s fell quickly. Eventually, without either hurting or killing each other Joan became buried by enough hands to hold her down. She cried out the pain she felt in her heart. The Nurse made her way through the pig pile and injected Joan with a hypodermic on the end of a long stick. Joan’s eyes closed. Tear stains streaked her beautiful face, and she sobbed openly until she passed out. “René!” was the only word she said before she slipped away. Miss St. Clair shook her head at the sad moment.

Construction workers watched from the atrium in amazement at the activities in the parking lot. They could not believe that it took more women than they could count to take down a single teenager, a girl to boot. “Isn’t this a place for autistic children?” One asked openly to his coworkers.” Little did they know that this was the last day they would work on that sight. They had already seen too much.



Chapter 16
Juxtaposed Letters upon the Ringlet Cipher


Professor Gabor stood at the window of the hotel room where he met Clyde Savage three days earlier. He watched the endless stream of people pass beneath him as he held a cup of cold coffee. It was very hot outside. The cool coffee tasted so good.
The hour marked two o’clock in the afternoon. He guessed that only ten minutes or so may have passed since his last internal inquiry. Cold American coffee was a luxury he didn’t have available to him often, not even at the University. Of the few things he was glad for, from Clyde Savage, was that he didn’t hesitate to supply him an unlimited amount of coffee to get the work done. The most impressive work in the world had always been done with the lubrication of copious cups of coffee.
The idea of coffee made him lust for a cigarette. He removed a cigarette from a metal holder that he kept in his pocket. He tapped it on the case before placing it between his lips, before he could light it though something outside the window stole his attention at street level. A young vagrant was trying to get into his old beat up Fiat. Professor Gabor threw his cup of coffee at his car. The scant remains of liquid left the cup as it spun to his target. He shouted out at the young man. “Get away from my car you thief!”
The remains of his cold delicious liquid sprayed the car missing his intended target, the paper cup went further off course hitting the car next nearby. The man suddenly turned to the voice shouting at him. He ducked instinctively to miss the wide shot then ran off to vandalize another car.
Clyde Savage walked in holding a bag and a small box with a handle not a moment later. The smell it exuded filled the room. He saw Gabor hanging out the window watching the thief run away. “What’s going on outside?” Clyde asked.
“Another vagrant trying to steal my car. Why did you have to take a room on the poorest side of town? My car would have fared better elsewhere.” Professor Gabor stated.
“This isn’t the poorest part of town. I think you know that. I’m trying to keep a low profile.” Clyde said as he approached the cluttered table of books and papers with the bag of goodies. “Without losing the amenities I have grown accustomed to.” He continued. “I do however appreciate the fact that you drive in and not get dropped off.”
The mess around the table had grown substantially since the first day. Where the books formally lay, one on the other, now were all open to relevant pages required for Professor Gabor’s research, some even littering the floor around the empty chair. On the table, where most of the books once occupied table space, were now filled with piles of papers strewn about in a most disarrayed mess. In one spot on the table, in front of the single chair, an old black Gateway computer laptop lay open waiting to be used, its power cord buried beneath the assorted books and papers. Clyde looked disgustedly at the mess. “Do you always work in such a mess?”
“As I said on many occasions, I need to work in my University office. I have many computer references that would make this job much easier and faster not to mention internet services to other Universities.”
“And as I said before,” Clyde bit back, “I need the contents of this letter to be invisible to University eyes. $20,000.00 should be enough money for you to stop complaining about the work conditions.” Clyde said in a bitter tone.
Professor Gabor huffed at the indignation of his status and what it should attain him on any given consulting job.
“What do you have so far?” Clyde asked quickly to move past the complaining part, which he encountered every time he entered the room. Professor Gabor crossed the room to pick up the latest rendition he had assembled from the words he had to work with.
“Since we are using the translation from our first meeting, I have used the ringlet cipher key to extrapolate the selected letters to form our new piece of the puzzle. The good news is that you were right from the beginning in thinking that the round silver object found with the note was in fact a cipher tool. I have pulled out enough letters to fit all 77 segments on the first line, 74 segments on the second line and 36 segments on the third line laid out on the back of the note. I’m sure that when I have rearranged all the letters that I will have the complete message.
“To expedite matters, I have written enough computer code to begin a computer translation which will organize all the letters in the right order. I’m also sure that each of the letters with the small dot beneath denotes the first letter of a word in the new paragraph. So...after compiling all the information I am ready to start the computer upon its task.”
Clyde became instantly angry. “I told you no computers!”
“Do not worry” said Gabor dismissively. “This old laptop cannot access the internet out here. It still only has Windows 95. I took it from my son to merely move the work along. I still have classes to prepare for and papers to grade. I needed to expedite this matter so I will not lose my position. I’m sure you understand.”
Clyde slanted his eyes. This was why he was so tired at this point in his life. All the stupidity wore on him. “Show me what you have done and I will determine if you can proceed with your laptop.”
They both crossed over to the laptop, Gabor sat, Clyde looked hard over his shoulder. “Go to the internet services section on the control panel. I want to see for myself that this device is not connected to the internet.”
Professor Gabor did as he was told. The device truly showed no internet activity. Clyde who was now reassured spat out his disapproval of going behind his back. “When we are done here I will keep that poor excuse of a computer.”
“But my child needs one to use for school. He will need...” Gabor stammered in his disapproval of Mr. Savage’s request.
“I am sure that you can afford to buy your son a more up to date computer with what I’m paying you.” Clyde growled back. He crossed the room to open the bag he carried in. Pulling out a bottle of whisky and a glass, he poured himself a good measure to sustain him through the next hour then returned to watch over Gabor’s back.
Gabor looked up to his employer with hungry eyes. “What did you bring me?”
“I brought enough dates to go with the whiskey to last until dinner. If you want dates then please partake of my hospitality.” Clyde waved his free arm back to where the bag sat on the floor by the window. He failed to offer the two cheese Danishes also tucked away within.
Professor Gabor screwed up his face. The thought of choking back another date in his life time made him sick to his stomach. He turned back to the screen sourly and punched a few keystrokes.
“I built up a data base based on a couple of CD libraries of old English phrases and their meanings I had at my home. The reference libraries are very large. When I start the translation it may take a little while. I plan to leave and give a lecture to my students while this is compiling word options and their sentence structures. I will be back this evening to see where the computer is at. Do not turn off the laptop. If you do we will have to start all over again.”
Clyde looked even more sour then he was a moment ago. He was just assured that using a computer would speed up matters. “What’s the matter, you cannot do a simple word building exercise Mr. ‘I know six hundred languages?’”
Professor Gabor looked at Clyde with growing disdain. “If I were to do this by hand, in a language that has not been used for centuries, it would take me weeks, maybe months to get the correct translation. I cannot just access a library of words out of thin air that I never use every day to unlock the puzzle. If this were in my native tongue I could perhaps do the work in a few hours, but such an old style needs some research. Let me do what I’m good at. I guarantee you that that we will be done very quickly... if we let the computer do the work. Do you want me to guess so we can conclude our business today? I could not be prepared to state that it was correct by any measure if we follow your path.”
Clyde turned away holding his glass. He pondered on his anger at the whole situation then downed his drink in one. He turned and threw his glass across the room where it shattered spectacularly against the wall. “Get out! I don’t want to see you until morning. I want answers, I don’t like waiting. We better have some answers by then!”
Professor Gabor ducked even though he was nowhere near the flying glass. He bent over and hammered on the Y key with his protuberant finger to start the translation. Afterwards he stood quickly from his seat grabbing his coat and hat on his way out. The door swung loosely on its hinges as he didn’t give the effort to close it during his expeditious exit. Clyde Savage walked up to the door and slammed it shut.

Number 27 sat at his desk studying his computer screen. He ran his fingers through his thinning blond hair. He had just received information about Tibeert the Great. The army that he sought to create had indeed come to pass. The numbers of men that were signing up for his invasion force had risen substantially since he and the Caldwell family watched his speech. Fortunately the Observer Program had some forward vision and inserted a spy within the ranks He was reporting in on a regular basis. At last count, their numbers rose to a startling twenty seven million individuals.
Furthermore, news had risen of a terrible infection that was wreaking havoc on the Soliceean population. It was in the early stages but the number of deaths suggested that this could be a pandemic soon if the Soliceean health ministry didn’t get a handle on it. But he couldn’t let these home world problems affect his mission. He had a memory to unravel.
“Despite his dismissive regard to the Caldwell family’s fear about the lies Tibeert gave during his speech, he was indeed worried about the fast pace Tibeert was moving. The Observer Program was no nearer now than a hundred years ago to finding the location of the mirror. Tibeert’s rant about decoding the secret to finding the mirror worried him greatly. How could they search on Earth if they had no projector to work with?  The only projector’s known were all in the possession of the Observer Program. The fact that he had to kill Number 22 to communicate to Clyde Savage as a child was a testament of that fact. The secret to the mirror’s location was pent up in Joan’s memory not written as a secret on a scroll somewhere, or was it?
“Just because The Observer Program felt superior in retaining all the secrets of Solicee, it didn’t necessarily mean that was a true statement on Earth as well. His studies of Earth’s history taught him that there were many ways secrets were passed along. Subterfuge and double agents have been a common denominator throughout the ages, a difficult concept to grasp in learning about Earth since that idea just didn’t exist on Solicee. What if one of Sir Epheron’s servants was a spy and he passed on a way to find the casket, or the mirror? What if they worked for the church? They are the only organization that was everywhere all the time in Earth history.
“The hierarchy of the Catholic Church was just a secretive as any government’s but it had the pleasure of being everlasting because it did not govern people directly or the land to which they lived. They governed beliefs. Beliefs in a deity that helped the suffering, tended to the sick, and offered a place to go after death. How can such an organization ever pass into history? However their plans altered history in many ways. The Templars for example coerced kings of every kind into doing the current pope’s bidding behind the backs of the people. They upheld a different set of laws written by popes to set an agenda apart from kings.
“Land ownership, to tithe above what taxes should be taken, to determine the prayers and to whom they should be given, and what rights should be given to women and minorities. Yes the church did some subterfuge in its day, perhaps they even invented it. But what did that matter, they were in modern times now and the problem before him did not change because it had a history.
“If Joan didn’t remember the important parts of the dream soon then he would have to mobilize the Brown’s to find and take the compass from Clyde Savage by force to achieve their goal. The compass pointed to other artifacts. Owning such a powerful artifact would certainly speed up the process of finding any artifact. The mirror could not fall into Tibeert’s hands at any cost. At least the one on Solicee was well hidden and almost impossible to find, which brought an important question to mind. Why was Tibeert looking for the mirror on Earth? The mirror on Earth would not serve any purpose without a way to come here in the first place. The only thing the Earth side mirror did was to open a door back to Solicee. Did that mean Tibeert already found the mirror on his home planet?
A measure of panic filled Number 27’s stomach. He looked back up to his computer screen. He made some key strokes and waited. After several moments a live video link appeared on his screen. It showed a fountain in the middle of a busy intersection where lines of traffic whizzed past. On the sidewalks, tens of thousands of Soliceean’s walked by the camera lens without knowing who was watching them. Number 27 sought the screen for anything unusual but when nothing out of the ordinary popped out at him he turned away. He turned inward again to consider his thoughts.
“Only I know where the mirror is on Solicee. I told no one about it being discovered and where I hid it, there is nothing written about its location or of a description of what it looks like. I made the transportation of the blasted thing alone in the middle of the night. I prepared and placed the mirror in its hiding place alone. Even if someone noticed me doing any of the work I was disguised as a city worker.”
Number 27 pulled his hands through his hair again. The weight of being in the position of an Observer made him feel very tired all of a sudden. He needed that memory from Joan, only then would he feel comfortable that no one, not even Tibeert the Great, could cross over and start a war on Earth. However Joan wasn’t being too helpful. He considered placing her into a medical coma before administering the hypnotic altering drug the next time. That way he could awaken her slowly and she wouldn’t be so emotional but still get the answers he needed.
“Then there was the problem with revealing too much information about what really happened in the dream to Joan. What happened the other day, her emotional outburst was a demonstration of her attachment to the little family she ever had. If the church attacked the castle, and consequently Sir Epheron’s family as retribution for something he had done, or not done, then it would make Joan hate the church even more. If that happened then the dream will solidify into something between the memory and dream and no more could come from it. Plan B was not a good option. It would be the first time that the Brown’s had gone on the offensive since... Well, he didn’t want to think about it. The repercussions would almost not make it worthwhile. But what choice did he have?
“A thought came to him. A plan C was forming in his mind. Yes, if they couldn’t extract the information he needed, maybe sending Joan and her friends to summer camp might do the trick. He would have to send them with a battalion of Brown’s but...
“Number 27 was intrigued. Perhaps plan C was almost better then B. He nodded to no one in the room. He found himself doing that a lot lately, talking and agreeing with himself. But it didn’t matter. The new plan C would be taking the Compass by force and plan B would be switched to sending Joan to summer camp. And if the information did come out of the dream, Joan may still have to go on the field trip after all to retrieve the casket. If that was the case now then he had a lot of planning to do.
“Miss St. Clair.?” Number 27 said out loud to no one standing in his office. Seconds later there was a knock at the new door. Without waiting for Number 27 to answer, the door opened. Miss St. Clair walked in with a pad of paper and a pen in hand. “You called?”
“Yes. Please take a seat. I need to outline a plan that you need to make arrangements for. We may not need to use it of course but I want things in place as a precautionary measure. You understand I’m sure.”
“But of course.” Miss St. Clair said as she sat gingerly upon on of the seats in front of Number 27’s desk. Her hair was up. She had the appearance of being ready for any work tossed her way. She maintained a smile that said she loved her work. When Number 27 began to speak her pen flew through the familiar short hand stokes she became accustomed to many years ago.
“We need to arrange flights for two hundred and fifty people minimum plus their luggage. We also need to activate the European branch of...”
Number 27 went on and on with his new plan B. Miss St. Clair wrote as fast as she could. Clearly he was excited about the prospect of his new plans potential.

Hours dragged on an on. Dusk started to inch its way across the horizon. Clyde Savage passed the time observing the dimming sunlight as it rose up the wall to the ceiling until it faded away. Bright orange, yellow, and reds painted itself on the blank wall during the assent. He sat comfortable in the stuffed high back chair in the corner of the room. After the light dimmed beyond the ability to see in his room anymore he turned on a lamp. Clyde changed his seat so he could stare at other items in the cluttered room while waiting for the time to pass. His vision fell upon the many inanimate objects on the table now. But in truth one object wasn’t inanimate at all. Electrons flew back and forth through the mother board’s transistors and processors within the laptop. Loud clicks and whirring emanated from the hard drive providing a testament of activity.
Clyde took another sip from his whiskey. Luckily he brought two glasses. The whiskey was really for the celebration between Professor Gabor and himself when Gabor finished decoding the message. Oddly enough he may have to toast the computer in the end. Breaking the first glass against the wall in a fit of anger worried him though. Had his anguish about his future now made him unable to accept excuses for slowing his progress? He had been searching for so many years now that a couple of hours shouldn’t make any difference one way or another. But... He turned back to the laptop.
The antiquated laptop’s tasks were dragged out because the working memory was probably so small that it had to write all the information to the hard drive first before continuing onto the next task on its list. The hard drive’s sounds of over work made him think that he may be right. “Windows 95, please!” Clyde whispered to himself in disgust.
Another thought came to Clyde as he took another sip. Could he trust the content of the finished product from this computer? Did he hire the right consultant to decode this most important of all documents, the document that might lead him to the Casket, which would presumably point out the location of the mirror? There were so many times in the past where he felt on the brink of unraveling some new enlightened path from a recently discovered Rosetta stone only to be let down afterwards. He made a fowl looking expression towards the computer as though it could see him.
To Clyde the whole idea of hidden letters written on papyrus in assorted graves throughout a graveyard hoping one survived over the centuries to be just so out of touch with reality to be a real event. Not to mention the papyrus had a complex set of ciphers over two different language bases. Ludicrous was the word that came to Clyde as he considered this preposterous find, or laughable might be the right word. “Look here and you’ll find exactly what you want”
Clyde thought. No, that would be putting faith in a church propaganda stunt. “Yes, propaganda.” The wax seal was real, he looked it up. The church was behind this little charade. And here he was dancing around for them. It made him sick to think about being led around by the nose for the church and their interests.
His slight inebriation made him think off topic several times as he sat waiting. Gabor said he would return this evening but never once mention the time. Somewhere in his mind a feint memory came back, He told Gabor not to return until morning after shattering a glass. “Damn, he wished he had not said that. What if the computer needed tending? He couldn’t hope to be of any help in his current state, not to mention that he didn’t write the stupid program.”
He looked at the computer again as though he wanted to fire it like some of his men who didn’t perform. 
How long would the antique computer take to do its job? He searched for this moment for so many years but his dissatisfaction with all the work in finding the casket now made him consider leaving this room behind to head off someplace where no one could find him.
Brazil called to him again. He desperately wanted a life that made him long to come home to a wife, perhaps a child. He wanted to look forward to the modest things in life, a regular companion, dinner at six every day, a cigar and a drink to watch the sunset from his yacht. He was certainly rich enough to buy all that he dreamed but he couldn’t just sit around every day.
Clyde took another sip from his almost empty glass considering this last prospect. He had attained several degrees in the many years of studying the path to find these stupid objects of his early fascination. He could teach at some college that had a curriculum in archeology.
The promise he made to his uncle came back to him quick and harsh. It made his stomach do a back flip. Anger flared within. Why should he adhere to a promise made as a child years before to an uncle he never knew? No one would care, hell no one would even know that he dropped his quest to find the stupid objects he wanted him to find.
Clyde reached into his pocket removing the pocket watch and popped the brass cover. The hands started to move as if it knew he was watching. In a few moments time the hands aligned to ten past two. It was most bizarre to watch the hands move of their own accord backwards, it wasn’t a computer after all. He looked out the window to where the hands were pointing. Somewhere out in the distance, or across the street, there was an artifact waiting for him to find. A thought struck him. What if he just started walking to where the hands pointed? If the artifact to which it pointed was in fact across the street then he would have another one just by following the compass’s direction he held in his hand.
He got up to give action to his consideration when a terrible headache slammed into his head. He walked over to the table to sit in that chair instead. The whole room was spinning. He put the compass down on the table and used both his hands to hold his aching head. He knew now that his inebriation was greater than he imagined. The idea of following the hands pointed path was a fool’s idea. “What was he thinking?”
Clyde tried not to think at all for a few minutes. All he wanted to do was settle his mind so he could go back to his soft arm chair. If he fell asleep, what did that matter? Gabor wasn’t going to return this night, he remembered it clearly now. Then he noticed the sudden quiet in the room. He turned his ear to where he though he remembered where the computer being. It took a second to remember that it was in front of him now. He blinked a few times to get his eyes to calm the double vision he was experiencing. He reached for the mouse and moved it back and forth to wake up the screen. When it blinked on it did so with the with such an intensity that made him jolt so far back he was sure would cause him to fall out of his chair. Luckily he used his arm to block the stabbing light against his pained eyes.
When his eyes finally adapted, he gazed through squinted eye lids towards the screen. There was one word that shone in brilliant white letters, it read “Finished!” But of course it was in Arabic so his assumption was that it was the correct translation because it had an exclamation mark at the end. His paid decoder was using more than one language to express himself. He wondered a moment if there was exclamation mark in his language. In the end he decided that he didn’t care. Either way it was a fitting end to his dual language base problem.
Clyde clicked on the mouse and the black and white screen changed to the decoded statement on the screen. It was what he had been waiting for his whole life. Before him was the direct code sequence in old English with a paragraph listed out below that was written out in modern English which he presumed was the translation he sought.

þæt orwegstig besætian scrín. Mearcpæþ to scrín sy gebierhtan, ac hit besætian begeondan þæt dægrædléoma. In a fréamiht castel, Forteresse de Chatel-sur Moselle, lícnes geneálæ. Cépan heolstorcofa and éower orwegstig rýman ðú.

“The path lies in the casket. The road to the casket is clear, but it lies beyond the light. In the fortress of Chatel sur Mossell , a castle of great strength, the image will become nearer. Seek the dark and your path will open before you, within the wall, a stairway will guide you to the end of your journey.”

Quickly Clyde pulled from his pocket a piece of crumpled paper that held his the first translation. He opened it up and gazed back on the translation that came from the original message in the bottle.

“A vision to another world lies in plain sight, wonder and amazement to behold. Attention must be given. Without the key the path can not be beholden. Hidden behind a veil of velvet grey, your destination will be locked away. To find the mirror and the key thou must seek the casket. Upon the wings of death can one sail away to another world.”

Clyde Savage produced a malicious grin. He reached into his pocket and retrieved his cell phone. Once he pulled out the electronic device he realized the pocket watch was not in his pocket. Panic over took him. He stood quickly and patted himself down then raced over to the soft chair he previously occupied. Throwing himself into the chair, and the side table, in a mad search he groped for the item in the dark.
He found his prized possession still in his left hand, hands pointing to ten minutes after two facing out the window. He didn’t remember picking it back up off from the computer table. What did it matter though was that he found it, held tightly in his hand. Maybe he needed to drink less, he thought.
Clyde took a moment to relish in the fact that he had one of the precious items he committed his entire life to find. Clyde repositioned himself so that he sat once more and wondered how long it would take for his spinning head to stop. His frantic search left his head in a right state. When it finally slowed, he opened his flip phone and pressed the speed dial number he set previously before his journey. It rang four times before a tired voice asked, “Hello?”
“It is time to leave this retched place. I want a car here tomorrow morning at nine. Call the pilot and tell him to prepare the plane. I have the information I came for. Plan on myself and one box to depart. Remember, this is most important. The box is not to be declared. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes sir. Until tomorrow...” Clyde shut the phone cutting off anymore communication. He let his hand fall down heavily into the seat. He squeezed each to reassure himself that he held the watch in one hand and the phone in the other. He sighed heavily. His behavior a moment ago about the fear of having lost the one true artifact he owned scared him. Perhaps he wasn’t ready to give up finding all the items he needed yet. To secure the continuation of the human race, he must proceed forward. Brazil would have to wait after all.
The idea of his unfinished business in this matter disgusted him to the point of making himself sick. He turned over to the side of the chair and puked on the ancient rug. He held that position letting his emotion run over him for a moment. The sick feeling in his stomach was more than just puke trying to escape. He hated what he had become.
Clyde sat back up pocketing the watch into his shirt pocket this time. He placed his hand on the table to let phone down, on the shabby doily, but returned with the whiskey bottle in it. He took a swig then threw it as hard as he could out the window. The sound of it shattering in the street, moments later, gave him a measure of satisfaction but he would have to let go of much more to be himself again. He just needed to figure out how.


Chapter 17
Wearing Miranda’s Shoes for a Day


The next morning Joan awoke feeling like she was knocked upside the head with a brick. All she could remember was becoming all emotional after the accidental discovery of her first family’s slaughter. A thought came to her, a memory really, about what was said towards the Epheron’s. The people discussed in her past were not truly her family. Mr. Burnelle had told her that she was a foster child in their home, a family kind enough to open their hearts and allow her to live in their castle. She laughed for a second. The very thought of living in a castle sounded weird in this day and age. But a pang of regret stung her heart. She was the reason her first remembered family was dead.
Joan’s head throbbed. She looked at the time on her bed stand, four thirty in the morning. “Ugg.” She said in a soft whisper. She felt her head for the lump right over her right ear. She couldn’t remember getting the bump but she was she sure it had to do with her being held down before the nurse gave a shot to calm her down.
“What was I thinking in getting over emotional about my first family dying? I was wrong to over react.” Joan took a deep breath and another thought came to her. “What’s odd is that there was no mother figure present in the memory. Why can’t I remember? How did René get born if there was no mother or wife around? Did she die? Then another thought occurred to her, how old was she when this memory happened? And how many years did she live with the Epheron’s to feel like René was her brother and to have a father? She was three hundred and seventy three years old right now. How long did that translate into regular people years?”
Joan felt for the bump again. A sharp pain stung her.
“Why was the dream so important? Or worse, the casket? If the mirror is so well hidden wouldn’t finding it make easier for Tibeert the Great to find later? If the casket has not been found in hundreds of years, or for that matter the mirror, shouldn’t we leave everything alone? Apparently my first father did a real good job of hiding everything.”
A wave of nausea ran through Joan’s body ending at the bump on her head. She sat up quickly contemplating what she should do next. But that idea didn’t turn out as well as she thought. Her head ache came on fast and furious.
Joan got up slowly and made her way to the kitchen. After treating her pain with some pain medication she sat at the kitchen table, her head being supported by her hands. The paper had already arrived. The Brown’s that were on duty became quiet as Joan held her head and read. But really, her black hair draped over her closed eyes to make it look like she was pretending to read.
Many things ran through her mind. She was certain now that she should have done things differently as of late. The four seniors in the emergency room were a testament of that, she knew that now. Miranda’s anger towards her could have been avoided. If she was really smart she would have pushed Reed away without question or remorse too, if she was smart. Maybe her emotional state also had memories and they were coming back without her knowledge. Perhaps she was an overly emotional person in the past. “Were emotional memories the same as regular memories?” She asked herself.

The morning became better as the medication did its job. Both Miranda and Milton knew something happened while they were volunteering at the Resident Facilities the day before but neither asked. Miranda and Milton still had an under-current of anger towards Joan. Both were quiet at the table after they arrived to get breakfast. Joan had no idea how to handle the silence. It made her more edgy, more agitated. She felt as though when one of them did eventually speak she was going to scream at them.
When they arrived at the school Joan got out of the limousine on her own without thinking about her blind persona. She noticed the sign for the upcoming game on Saturday. She turned on Miranda.
“How long have you known about the game on Saturday?” Joan asked indignantly
Miranda spat it out “Why does it matter, you can’t go anyway.”
Joan became overwhelmed with anger. She couldn’t believe that Miranda would do that to her, less Milton. He, at least, should have said something. He was her boyfriend after all, he knew she loved basketball. “Why couldn’t they go?” She wanted to scream at both of them? She turned on Milton but he was already walking up to the steps on his own to start his day.
“Hey where are you going?” Joan called after him.
“I have to study for a test.” He called back. “I’m sure you understand.” He waved back to her and kept going. Joan could see rather well now and she wanted to run after him if only to slap him in the head to see sense. Her emotions were beginning to boil.
Students were all starting to congregate around the steps to find their footing in the mass of bodies walking up the steps at the same time. Joan knew she couldn’t go after him. She had to wait for Miranda who was playing with her back pack. She needed to keep up her faux blindness in check. “But he didn’t kiss me.” Joan said to herself in a whisper loud enough for Miranda to hear but Miranda didn’t respond, ignoring her.
Then it came to Joan. Miranda must have said something to her brother about Reed and the kiss. Now Milton was slighting their relationship. She was getting very angry now. She had no proof but Miranda stepped out of bounds, she could feel it. And her anger grew more intense. Miranda handed Joan the red and white cane but all she wanted to do was hit her over the head with it.

Class after class, home work started to pile up. End of year tests were coming. Miranda barely helped Joan in what she had to do in class which meant that she had to do it all in the evenings by herself. Lucky her vision became more normal, enough to get by on.
At lunch Joan waited for them to go to a table together. If they did she would speak to Miranda about her inappropriate behavior in telling her boyfriend about Reed. And she would try to address her lack of clear understanding as to why Miranda would still be mad at her for the fight. Miranda didn’t get hurt during the process of being saved after all.
Surprisingly they both stood in line together to get lunches but Miranda steered them to a table full of girls instead of finding one that would allow them some privacy. Joan fought Miranda and tried to steer them a quieter table but many girls noticed Joan. They stood to guide her to take a seat at their table as though they were all old friends.
They wanted to talk about the almost dismemberment of Terry and the seniors gang. It was like the first time she had an altercation with Cassandra, Pink, and Maura back at the Murphey House for Boys and Girls orphanage. She was treated like a rock star with every student vying for her attention with questions and complements. Joan barely had time to get a bite before Miranda was hauling her back up to head to their next class.
Joan seethed through her teeth at Miranda as they left the cafeteria. “I wanted some private time to talk to you alone. I have things, important things to discuss.”
“Sorry, no time for the famous. Off to our next class.” Miranda said in a way that she was her servant, not a friend.

The afternoon was a repeat of the morning. Homework continued to pile up Miranda continued to ignore Joan. At the last bell Milton met them outside, he never said a word to her either. He was being infuriating just like his sister. The Limousine was already at the school waiting for them. Luckily there was no Brown’s in the back with them that day. Finally they had some privacy. When the limousine started off Joan tried to talk to both of her so called friends but neither would speak to her. “You guys are being stupid!” Joan exclaimed when they all got out in the parking lot of the OBSVR  Foundation.
As with the rest of the day neither friend wanted to be in her presence. They turned away to head towards the tunnel below the atrium. Joan ran ahead of them stopping at the atrium entrance. There were no construction workers at the sight that today. It was eerily quiet with materials and equipment scattered about. All of them noticed this odd moment by looking around the work sight but Joan pulled them both back.
“What is going on with you too?” She asked in an exasperated tone.
Milton tried to avoid the question by walking around but Joan had an arm up to block his path.
“Isn’t it obvious yet?” Milton said as though he were bored with the whole conversation before it even started. Miranda continued his statement. “Is your fan club out of members and you want us to join too?”
Joan put both hands in the air confused and disturbed at the fact that she was still being ignored even though she were right in front of them. Miranda and Milton both walked around her entering the framework of the atrium as though she had just turned to stone and was not of value anymore. But Joan shouted back at them. “Stop, both of you! I don’t understand!” But her friends continued forward as though she never spoke.
Back in the apartment Joan struggled to have a conversation in front of the Brown’s standing guard. She was so annoyed that they couldn’t have any peace anywhere they were on the grounds. Her forced whispers were easily overheard by everybody in the apartment regardless of her effort.
“What have I done that deserves this treatment? I want to know.” Joan turned to Milton and tried to turn him around by grabbing his arm and pulling but he easily threw it off. “Did Miranda tell you something about me?”
Milton actually looked in her eyes for a moment before turning away. She had said something of interest now and she could tell that he was forcing himself to avoid her. Joan turned to Miranda. “What did you tell him?!” Joan asked angrily. Miranda also looked into her eyes before turning away.
“Come on Mill, we’re going to be late for Ernie and Diegel if we stay here much longer.” Miranda announced before turning towards the elevator with some cookies in her hand. Milton followed with several cookies stuffed in his mouth. Joan shouted at them now. “Stop! You’re both being stupid!”
Without a second look Miranda and Milton walked into the elevator and descended. Milton looked at Joan before the doors closed and blew air out of his over full mouth. Crumbs flew out at Joan. Joan felt in her heart that Miranda had really told Milton about Reed. She couldn’t decide to be angry at Miranda or feel distraught at Milton for her lapse in judgment. She didn’t know what to do except throw herself onto her bed and cry. She didn’t come out for dinner, she didn’t do her homework.

Several days went by without any change. All the friends acted like robots to each other, not full of emotion and at each other’s throats or recognizing the others presence. They sat next to each other at the table to eat being overly polite or riding or in the Limousine looking out the windows never looking at one another.
At lunch Miranda now dropped Joan off at the lunch table everyday so she could be with her fan club before sitting in an altogether different place to be alone. Joan had to act blind all by herself. Truth be known, she was getting quite good at it. On Thursday Miranda even left after lunch without Joan to go to their next class.
Joan was certain that after their last altercation in the apartment, Miranda had told Milton about Reed, but now something felt different. Perhaps her belief was premature. When she invested more thought on the matter Milton’s feeling towards her should be more acute, filled with anger if he knew about Reed’s kiss, not disenchanted. This made Joan wonder about her little secret and Miranda’s involvement. If Miranda was upset at her because of the fight then what was Milton upset about if it didn’t involve Reed and the kiss?
On Friday morning Miss Margrette came up the elevator at breakfast. She sat at the table without being encouraged to attend, as though she were previously invited. She asked for the toast to be passed then the tea.
Miranda and Milton both had questioning expressions. Joan never even looked up to be a participant at the table. Silence began everyday around the breakfast table of late but when Miss Margrette sat, talk erupted between Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell and of course, her.
“Did you hear about the new contractors starting soon? I heard they will be coming with over a hundred men.” Mrs. Caldwell stated over her coffee. Mr. Caldwell countered with a different rumor. “No, but I heard the contractors will all be women. The rumor is that they will fit in better here. I heard they are from San Francisco.” Miss Margrette laughed out, “Women contractors, ha,ha. That will be the day. I don’t think I even seen enough women contractors in my lifetime to fill that bill.”
Miss Margrette chuckled again openly at the thought. Miranda and Milton looked from one parent to another in disbelief. They didn’t understand what was going on? Milton couldn’t take in anymore. He shouted out, “What’s going on?”
The three adults all appeared shocked at the outburst. “Milton Caldwell, what’s the problem? Since when are you allowed to shout at the table?” Mrs. Caldwell scolded her son.
“What is going on here?” Milton almost shouted louder than necessary again. Miranda finished his question towards Miss Margrette in a safer conversational tone then his her brother under the harsh stares from her parents. “Why are you here this morning?”
Mr. Caldwell answered. “Since the air in the house has become...” He sought for the right words before continuing. “Bitterly thick with an aftertaste of callus politeness, we thought it would be nice to have someone over that wouldn’t mind some light conversation before starting the day. Your mother and I are not sure what caused the astringency between all of you but it needs to be worked out.”
Joan, Miranda, and Milton all looked down averting their parent’s gazes. Their parent’s conversation advanced afterwards as though the children were not present. When it became time to leave for Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell, they wished their children and Joan a good day before walking to the elevator. However when the three children rose to begin preparations for school, Miss Margrette asked them all to remain seated.
“I have been made to understand that there has been discord among you three.” Miss Margrette said.
Milton and Miranda began to dispute her accusation with loud accusations and finger pointing but Joan said nothing. She knew she was at the heart of the whole affair. With an air of authority Miss Margrette cleared her throat and the uprising stopped in an instant. She spoke softly afterwards to maintain their undivided attention.
“In events like this, there’s usually a missing unheard element which prevails over a period of time causing prolonged aggression and bad feelings. Let me say that I’m willing to interject some elements to nudge your unsaid feelings forward to be out into the open. Usually when everything comes to the table, reconciliation can begin.”
Joan continued to look down seemingly uninterested, Miranda folded her arms with a scowl on her face, and Milton sat back in his chair building an invisible wall between him and the rest at the table.
“Very good, I believe that since I have all of your attentions, I can begin. Joan, Miranda and Milton are upset that you don’t consider their feelings when you become obsessed with saving them or anyone else for that matter. You rely on your formidable skill which usually occurs in front of others. You gain notoriety as a result leaving behind your friends in the process. Although they secretly want to harbor your skills,” Milton and Miranda fidgeted at these words but didn’t voice their opinions, “They would not be prepared for the notice they may gain from it. One way or another, when you perform in front of everyone, whether to save them, or other’s from harm, Miranda and Milton get shunted aside from the glow you emit afterwards.
“Sometimes suffering under the foot of the harsh realities in life is better than being tossed aside from your afterglow. Please understand that they would not be happy if you watched from the sidelines while they got hurt but the acrobatic skill of which you possess with amazing formidable skill, brings you more fame then they want to handle. Sometimes the accuracy of your unique skill can be very scary to those nearby. I believe Miranda got a first-hand look at what that really looked like the other day.”
Joan hung her head even further, if that was possible. She felt really bad now about her actions. Miranda nodded as Miss Margrette spoke, almost as though she were pulling the stream of words right out of her head. Milton on the other hand hid further behind his invisible wall.
Miss Margrette turned to Miranda. “Miranda, Joan is your best friend. She relies on you very heavily to see what normal looks like. You must remember that even though you may have seen her grow since the first day you two met, she still struggles on adequacy in a social environment. I believe that you may have overlooked some of those hard situations because of the time you all have spent together, but Joan still needs direction from you to interact properly and grow as a teenager. She may be over three hundred years old but she only has memories from Christmas. She is still a child at most seeking the approval of her peers. If you fail to guide her then her actions will revert back to an action that has never faded from memory and that is to protect you from harm in any way she can, because she loves you.”
Miranda was holding back small tears at the words “Loves you.” Miss Margrette had indeed pointed out the flaw in her position against her friend. She did forget that Joan was less than a year old socially. Just because she could act like a teenager didn’t mean that she was at the same level of her own years. Joan still needed to relive enough time to be considered on equal footing as herself. Miranda felt bad that she easily forgot Joan’s position in life at the moment.
“And then there’s Milton.” Miss Margrette said as she turned to his invisible wall. “You are now considered her mate, someone she will be with for a very long time, if not until the end. You may not see her in that way now but she does feel that way towards you even though she doesn’t know it yet.”
Joan raised her head. This got her attention. Milton on the other hand remained impartial to the conversation. His invisible wall was protecting him from whatever Miss Margrette said.
“You must understand that if she sees you in any manner of being harmed, even if the threat is to give you a paper cut intentionally, the perpetrator should fear for their life. Back when I had been captured by Randall Targsworth and you were being transported to my location, I warned Targsworth what would happen if you arrived before Joan. My dire warning was that all the men in the room would die if she saw Milton as being threatened.” Milton sat up a little straighter to listen better.
“My warning came to pass of course but my point here is to try to make you understand that Joan may be the source of your bruised egos at the moment but if she is not entirely to blame. She needs guidance from her friends as to what is considered proper action.”
Several moments passed while each of them sought within themselves. Miss Margrette stood. “School will begin soon and we must be on our way. I hope that I shed a little light on the perspectives so that each of you can consider the other side of your difficulties. Go and get your things, I will be in the car waiting.
The ride to school was mostly a silent one. The stares between the former friends were stoic, clearly things needed to be said but they craved more privacy than what was available. When the limousine arrived at school Milton and Miranda stepped out. They waited for Joan but Miss Margrette announced to Miranda that she would be keeping Joan a few minutes longer. “Please tell the first period teacher that I kept Joan a back and that she will be up momentarily.”
“Yea, sure.” Miranda said hesitantly before they hustled up the stairs. The bell went off after the door closed behind them. Joan watched them go before turning to the sign announcing the coming game.
“I see you noticed the basketball final is this Saturday. I wanted to know your thoughts on the matter.”
“Who is Northern playing?” Joan asked.
“Central. If you could attend who would you root for, your former class mates or your new school?” Miss Margrette seemed very non pulsed over everything that whole morning. Her even tone felt robotic like she was taking lessons from Number 27. Joan didn’t have to think hard to answer the question though. “Central. I participated there. I’d like to think that I still have friends there.”
“Here is the problem with you going to the game. Since you went to Central High long enough to be recognized by every student and parent there, it would blow your cover to show up as a Northern High student. I’m sure it wouldn’t take to long for important people to figure out that your real name is Darcy. Ideally it would be best if you didn’t go at all. However I know you better then you perhaps even know yourself. I am expecting you to go, even though I’m saying it’s expressly prohibited.”
“Joan put her head down. This was not going to be a good day, she could feel it. First her friends were spoken to about how all of their dislike towards her was really rooted in poor decision making on their part. She was pretty sure she would hear more about that later. Now she was being told that she couldn’t attend a basketball game where she helped one team become elevated higher in the standings. What else could the day bring? Reed showing up out of the blue?
Miss Margrette pressed on threw Joan’s silence by placing a hand on her arm lightly as a mother would do. “I do have an opportunity that may cheer you up and allow you to attend the game. But I need to know if your eye sight is back to normal.”
Joan raised her head in one sudden motion answering excitedly. “Yea, mostly. I have a hard time to see really clearly far, far away. Other than that I’m fine.”
“What is far, far away?” Miss Margrette asked. “Oh... About a half mile or so. Why is that important?”
“Because I think I can get you to play for Central if you’re up to it.” Joan began to jump up and down in the limousine with excitement. The car rocked wildly tossing Miss Margrette around. The driver hung on to the steering wheel for dear life.
“Really, I can play!” Joan shouted. Then a dawning inched its way into her brain as she became still on the seat again. “I can’t play, everyone will recognize me. Isn’t that what we are trying to avoid?”
Miss Margrette pulled herself back into a sitting position on the leather seat and adjusted herself to be presentable. The only thing that didn’t return to normal was her facial expression. She beamed with that smile one gets from giving the greatest gift.
“Here are my thoughts on the matter. Technically you are living as two different people right now. There is Joan Darcy who attends Central High School, and Joan Parisy who attends Northern. The first is an orphan, the second is an adopted member of the Gresham family. Currently you are attending two schools. We have kept up your previous life as a way to track anyone who looks in on your current whereabouts. Those who are seeking you out will eventually keep tabs on the school to see if you are still a student there. Miranda and Milton also follow the same the same paper trail. It’s a trap because we are watching Central High School closely for any unusual activity. This way we can get a jump on anyone getting to close. We don’t want a repeat of the Damien Henninger incident. Therefore, because you technically still attend Central High, I can make some inquires about letting you play.”
As excited as Joan was about the possibility of playing again, she was still unsure of the plan. Wouldn’t everyone watching the game still be able to see her and know which Joan she really was?
“You’re getting very late for class now. I can explain the details later but I need you to get going. I don’t want to start any problems between you and your teachers.”
Joan jumped out of the limousine very excited about the prospect of her playing again. When Miss Margrette called her back Joan almost didn’t turn around because her attention was on the court making baskets making again. Miss Margrette held out Joan’s blind man’s cane that she forgot in her rush to leave. It occurred to Joan that she still needed one more question answered before she left. “Do you know if Miranda told her brother about Reed kissing me in the hall?” Miss Margrette shook her head. “No... I’m sure she didn’t say a word. She is one to keep promises. But Milton does have ears, he suspects because of the rumors circulating around the school. Please remember that the school secretary watched the whole thing so naturally the whole school knows by now. You should talk to him soon.” Joan nodded in thought then left. She knew what had to be done.
 
Once Joan arrived at class, Miranda noticed that Joan not only held up her faux blindness well but she had a grin worthy of a cat getting the mouse. She couldn’t understand what made her so happy. Joan never looked at Miranda the whole time she took notes. Miranda noticed this because she looked over to Joan often during class. Joan actually took the initiative to take notes herself. She figured something out finally. She was blind, not dumb. Her class mates would figure it out.
Joan also made sure to emulate Miranda’s recent behavior by leaving on her own after each class to find her own way around the school. She wanted to let Miranda know how it felt to be left behind. Joan’s new fan club was never too far away between classes to help her. When lunch arrived Joan sat with her new friends. Miranda watched from a distance bewildered as Joan went off on her own while she sat by herself again. Miranda felt confused by her actions. 
After Miss Margrette’s speech earlier she wanted to apologize about her actions. Her heart ached with the desire to speak to Joan and it was now she who was leaving her behind.
When the bell rang signaling the end of lunch Joan continued to converse with her friends laughing and having a good time. Miranda got up to leave feeling dejected. When she turned around she found Terry Bean standing waiting for her. He was alone. He had a large bruise on his face and his arm was in a sling.
“Where’s your friend?” Terry asked in a deep authoritative voice.

All the people sitting with Joan went suddenly quiet. Joan suddenly had that familiar feeling in the pit of her stomach. She turned in the direction of their stares finding Miranda shaking in her shoes before Terry Bean. All of her new friends quickly walked away with their trays. Miranda’s back was to Joan. Joan could hear Terry speaking to Miranda. “I want to know where your friend is. I want to throw a few threats her way.” His deep tone was turning into a growl as his anger grew.
Joan stood as she picked her blind man’s cane up high enough for Terry to see her over Miranda’s shoulder. The expression on his face changed quickly as he saw Joan with the cane. Then, without notice, the most amazing thing happened. Miranda stood to her full height and poked her finger into his chest. A courageous aura sprung into being, confidence flowed as she made her report to the bully with wide eyes before her.
“If you want to have words with Joan then you can make them to me. She may have helped me and my brother out of a tough spot the other day but she is not here now and I’m... not... afraid... of... you!” She poked her finger hard into Terry’s sling on every punctuated word. He moaned in pain as he started to back away.
“You do not scare me Terry Bean.” Miranda advanced on Terry further causing him to fall back from his position. “If I see you around us again I will not count on Joan to save me. I WILL PERSONALLY KICK YOUR ASS MYSELF!” Miranda’s head of steam pushed her forward into Terry’s comfort zone. Without knowing it she stepped on his untied shoe lace causing him to fall back to the floor as she shouted “Kick your ass!”
Joan had a very surprised look on her face. She couldn’t believe what she just witnessed. Terry stood quickly realizing that he was in no shape to confront Miranda in her crazed state with Joan behind her ready to swing her lethal cane. He needed his crew to back him up in what he wanted to do today. Unfortunately they were still at home recuperating. He stood and turned on his heel before running down the hall.
Joan’s heart swelled. She was so proud of Miranda right now that she wanted to go over and hug her. But she also knew that her menacing look with a weapon would deflate Miranda’s courageous bubble if she was noticed watching over her shoulder. Joan turned away very quickly to avoid this and bumped right into Blithers. Joan’s stomach clenched again hard and fast.
Blithers was the Northern High School basketball player that punched Joan while on the court the last time they played. Joan had been drugged at the time and didn’t know there was a threat. She was beaten down badly enough to be taken out of the game. Joan couldn’t forget her face even if she wanted to.
Blithers was massive for a girl. Her size even made her seem large to many of the boys who ran by to escape the coming altercation. She looked down on Joan with the same doleful expression of a guerrilla wondering if she should charge or just punch Joan like she did at the game. A deep resentful anger lay just below the surface, Joan could feel it building.
But today of all days, in front of the all the students in the cafeteria, she couldn’t register that she could see Blithers unless she was to expose the fact that she wasn’t blind. She had to suck it up and prepare herself to be attacked and not be able to do a single thing about it.
“Joan Darcy! Since when do you go to this school?” Blithers shouted almost loud enough for the entire cafeteria to hear her.
“I’m sorry, who are you?” Joan said in a slightly convincing tone of ignorance.
“Joan Darcy. You’re Joan Darcy that plays for Central High School?”
People in the immediate area looked at Joan. They all recognized the name, their interest now peeked. None of them continued their path of flight. Interest took them back to see what would come of this accusation. They all waited, watched, and listened.
Joan was getting worried. Should she bolt? She couldn’t give herself away, but how was she going to get out of this? “What am I going to do?!” Blithers knew her face too well. Ahh...Face... Joan had a sudden inspiration. She raised her right hand towards Blithers face in a light tactile way. Blithers jumped back thinking that she was to be struck, a voice behind Joan rung out.
Miranda’s voice came at the right moment clear and authoritative like she spoke to Terry Bean a moment ago. “Don’t move. She wants to touch your face to see if she recognizes you.”
Blithers eyes grew. She didn’t want anyone to touch her face but she stayed still all the same. Joan lightly touched her cheek then moved her hand to her eye and brow. Joan paused there before moving her hand to her brutally short hair. Blithers slapped Joan’s hand away. Anger flared in her eyes. She drew back her other hand readying it for a strike to Joan’s face.
Joan could see this, her stomach clenched hard. She needed to pretend that she couldn’t see anything. “How do you prepare to be struck in the face and not flinch at the sight? ”She thought. “Should she close her eyes first”? Then a booming voice came out of Miranda that almost made her crane her neck around to see if Miranda had actually said it. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?! Are you really going to slap a bling girl in the face? Can’t you see she’s holding a cane?”
Blithers stopped mid swing. She looked over to Miranda pointing her finger at Joan’s cane. She held her hand in the air as though it were frozen in time.
“I don’t know who you think this really is, but her name is Joan Parisy. Do you know a Joan Parisy?” Miranda spat out.
Blithers eyes shifted back and forth searching her mind for the name, her arm slowly sank back to be by her side. “But... But... Aren’t you Joan Darcy, basketball player for the Central Chief’s?”
Miranda got into Blithers face admonishing her finger. “Does this blind girl look like she can play unbelievable basketball? She can’t even find your nose.”
Blithers backed away her eyes shifting back and forth searching within her small mind. Miranda called to her as she continued to back away. “What’s your name so I can tell a teacher of your stupidity?” Blithers ran off.
Many of the students that hung around came rushing in. They all patted Miranda on the shoulders voicing their glee. Her bravery in the face of two known bullies, within minutes of each other, caused a surge in open appreciativeness towards her. 
Joan was pushed aside in their effort to touch some part of Miranda. Miranda now stood in the limelight and she… Well, it was her turn to watch from the sidelines.
It occurred to Joan that this is what it must feel like to be shunted aside after her friend did a heroic act. For once Miranda received the praise and she disappeared into the crowd for a change. “What caused Miranda to become a more courageous suddenly? Surely it had nothing to do with Miss Margrette’s speech earlier, could it?”
Joan was so happy for Miranda. She wanted to attack her with a huge hug but of course she couldn’t. Joan had to wait for Miranda to come and find her. She still held the blind man’s cane and had an image to uphold. Several teachers came running in to see what the commotion was all about. As usual they showed up after all the bad stuff happened, but this time it was all good stuff and their absence allowed Miranda to grow.
A male teacher asked to the crowd in general, “Who was causing all the trouble?”
A young looking boy who held a camouflage lunch bag announced “Blithers, Silva Blithers.” as though he knew her all too well.
Miranda helped Joan to her next class. She excitedly ran through what happened with Terry as she thought Joan was too occupied to see what happened. Joan blindly let her talk uninterrupted as she gushed on about how good it felt to rise above her fear. Joan smiled taking it all in. She was so proud of her. In a single moments time the anger harbored between friends evaporated and they were back to normal. They spoke animatedly with much excitement over the day’s events.

In the halls of Central High School a familiar student walked with intent towards Reed Alwaiss’ locker. The halls were packed with the commotion of students having too much to socialize about in the small span it took between bells to run towards their next classes.
Reed stood at his locker mumbling to himself as he changed the books he wanted to carry. It was apparent he was preoccupied with something that happened during the last period. When he shut his locker to head towards his next class he saw Cassandra Landry’s face waiting for him. He shouted out in fear at the sight. All the noise in the hall stopped for a second to see what the scream was about. The sight of Cassandra standing in the hall prompted everyone to decide it was time to run off to class. In just a few short moments the entire hall cleared out except for Reed starring at Cassandra.
Cassandra cracked her neck in a menacing way before she spoke. “Tell me, does someone with the last name Alwaiss, always have all the right answers to certain questions?”
Cassandra looked different from the last time she was seen around the school. Her hair was shorter, she was thinner, and her expression on her face was definitely crueler looking.
Reed was more afraid of Cassandra’s new look, He screwed up his face at the question. It made no sense to him. So he asked one in return. “When you did you get back?”
“Yesterday, but what does it matter. Only one thing in the world is important to me right now. Where is Joan Darcy?”
Reed didn’t know what to say. The word Cassandra just said, “Important, stuck out in his mind. He knew right then that the word “Important” also meant that he was in big trouble. He was probably the only one in the whole school who knew where Joan was. How could she have found that he knew something about Joan’s disappearance?
He also knew that Cassandra and Joan were mortal enemies. In his mind he knew that he could never tell Cassandra where she was, or where she went to school at the very least. That was as much as he could figure out thus far. If he knew where she lived, he would be knocking on her door every day. The kiss came back to him. He longed to kiss her again.
Reed took too long to answer. He was lost in thought again, something he was known for. Cassandra punched his locker leaving knuckle impressions. Reed jumped back. “Where is Darcy!” Cassandra growled.
Reed decided to be brave. He wasn’t going to tell Cassandra anything. “What makes you think I know where she is?” His tone came out shaky but defiant.
“Because I saw you talking to her a couple of times. The two dimwitted friends of hers are also not here. I can only assume that they are with her. Do they still come to this school or did they move away?” Cassandra asked.
Reed answered quickly knowing that he wasn’t going to give Joan away under any circumstances. “I don’t know.”
“Ahhh...” Cassandra let out a sigh of relief. “And there you have it. The answer I was looking for. You do know where she is. Do you know how I can tell? It’s because I understand fear and what it can do to people. The way people talk and respond under pressure usually gives away everything even without me getting the direct answer. After I know there is a correct answer I just amp up the pressure until I get what I want.”
Reed knew he was in trouble now. He steeled himself to make a break for class. It was literally two classes behind him. As the bell rang he turned to run for it. That was when Cassandra grabbed the side of Reed’s head and slammed it into the locker. Some of Reed’s hair was left behind in the metal door vents as he slid to the floor, his books fell away, papers spilled out. Stars spun around over his head.
“And here is another indicator that you know something, trying to run away without giving a proper answer. Do you like her? Is that why you aren’t willing to give her up?” Cassandra’s voice became taunting and sing songy while she walked to the other side of Reed. Reed moaned. “Tell me what I want to know and I’ll leave you alone, If you don’t I’ll continue to amp up the pressure.”
Reed spat out, “Go to hell!”
“Have it your way.” Cassandra said as she took Reed’s hand and raised it in the air. She looked down the locker line against the wall. When she spotted what she wanted, she dragged Reed away to that other location. Reed decided to fight and tried to stand. Cassandra turned on him easily and punched him with her other hand in the eye. He fell back to the floor. When she arrived at the location she spotted moments earlier, she wasted no time in extracting the information she wanted. She opened the lower unlocked locker she spotted moments before and put Reeds fingers in it. She rose careful to keep one hand on the door as she rose. Reed was still struggling to see out of his watering eyes. 
Cassandra didn’t want Reed to pull his fingers free. When her position was secure she kicked the locker door shut on his fingers. He cried out in pain. She looked around to see if any class room doors opened at the sound. When none did she asked the same question again. Where’s Darcy?” Reed whimpered. He didn’t want to say anything. Cassandra kicked the locker door again and again back to back. Reed cried out openly, tears starting to fall down his cheek. The pain was overwhelming. Again he didn’t reply. She looked back and forth in the hall before she kicked the locker door again. Reed tried to kick Cassandra as he called out. “Help! Help me!”
A male teacher popped his class room door open and shouted out. “What’s all the racket about!” He witnessed Cassandra kicking the locker door on Reed’s hand one more time before they locked eyes. Cassandra smiled then ran off. Reed slumped pulling his hand free of the locker door. He fell to the floor holding his injured hand attempting to support it. Students ran out with the teacher into the hall to see what was going on. He shouted to several of them to get the nurse, the principle, and for someone to use their cell phone to call an ambulance.

Cassandra ran out the front door. She stopped at the bottom of the stairs wondering where she was going to find Joan Darcy now that Reed was probably going to be out for the rest of the school year. She looked up the street and back. That’s when she saw the sign in front of the school. It made her smile. She now knew where Joan Darcy was going to be. She was sure of it because she knew Joan and how she couldn’t pass up an event of this magnitude. The sign said,
Girl’s basketball final between Central High Chief’s and Northern High’s Raging Panther’s, Saturday at four. Come represent Central at The Palace of Auburn Hills.


Chapter 18
The Pre-game show


Joan sat at the kitchen table listening to Miranda the next morning. It was Saturday and there was no desire to rush through breakfast. Miranda was still discussing her brave offensive against Terry Bean, of the senior’s gang, and the run in with Blithers. Her retelling of the encounter for the, umpteenth time, was animated and directed towards her dad. He had only heard the story once the night previous but Miranda couldn’t stop her bubbling energy at being the center of attention. Joan didn’t care though, she was just happy to be friends with her again.
Milton however didn’t seem too keen about her adventure or about anything else for that matter. He finished his breakfast first then left to his room. Joan eyed his displeasure and thought about what Miss Margrette said about the whole school knowing about the kiss.
A pressure had been building in the back of her heart that she couldn’t fully explain but she knew it had to do with fear surrounding the coming conversation about the kiss. The odd fact was that the kiss meant nothing to her anymore. As much as she wanted it to happen that day, when Reed planted his lips on hers, she now knew it was a fantastic waste of time and feelings.
All of this could have been averted if she were strong, a different kind of strong then kicking someone’s butt. She needed to have an inner strength of character. She needed to talk to Miranda about how to manage that. But a thought crossed her mind. Miranda had done a similar thing and threw caution to the wind for a kiss from Ash. It seemed that Miranda might not be the one to talk to about strength of character. Perhaps she may have to consult a more motherly type figure, someone who knew the different feelings in what life had to offer, someone like Mrs. Caldwell...
“I WILL KICK YOUR BUTT!” Miranda shouted out the last statement she gave to Terry Bean half laughing. The noise brought Joan back to the table. Mrs. Caldwell, wanting to be shot of the whole bragging level of conversation, changed the subject. She turned to her husband. “Frank, did you know that we will be attending a basketball game this afternoon?”
Mr. Caldwell’s head tilted up away from his coffee to meet his wife’s eyes. “A basketball game?” He repeated.
“Yes, Joan will be playing today and I said that we would attend.” Miranda and her father both turned to Joan. Miranda squinted her eyes before she spoke. “You can’t play. Everyone will know who you are.”
Joan took a deep breath. “Miss Margrette said that I could play as long as I was Joan Darcy who attends Central High School. Apparently all three of us still attend Central in our former names. We are just recovering from a bad car accident. She said I can play as long as I wear a disguise. It will allow our cover to be more firmly ingrained if I’m seen to be playing for Central. You will have to sit on the Central side too, although you may have to wear a similar disguise.” Joan finished.
Mrs. Caldwell got up to clear the table. “You know when Miss Margrette told me what was to happen today I wasn’t too keen on the whole idea but she told me that I will have to attend as an employee of the office of Miss Information. Number 27 wants me to report on the game so we can publish aspects of the game immediately afterwards. This will further enhance our cover. She said that it is a rouse to see if anyone is looking for us.”
“But won’t the whole family be in danger?” Mr. Caldwell asked.
“I was assured that there would be plenty of protection. Besides we will not report until after the game anyway.” Mrs. Caldwell placed several dishes into the sink. “Girls, I think it’s your turn to clear the sink today. Where’s Mill, he’s supposed to...”
Joan piped up cutting short Mrs. Caldwell’s question. “I will take care of his part. He went to his room earlier. I think he’s not feeling well.”
“Very well then. I have to run to the office to prepare for the game later. I’ll be back in a couple of hours.”
Mr. Caldwell stood and brought his dishes over to the sink as well. “I think I will head over to office too. I have plenty of work to catch up on. I’ll meet you back here say, around two o’clock?”
Mrs. Caldwell reached over and kissed her husband. “Sounds good. The game is at four so there will be plenty of time.” She turned away then they each walked over to the elevator together. Miranda and Joan watched the car take them down before finishing the clearing of the table.
Miranda turned to Joan and asked somewhat harshly, “Why didn’t you say something about the game before now?”
Joan looked at Miranda shyly before answering. “I only found out yesterday and... Well honestly, you were too excited to talk to about it.” Miranda blushed a little at the statement knowing that she may be right.
“You must be excited to play then.” Miranda said.
“Oh yes, but I’m worried about Mill. He doesn’t seem to happy right now.” Joan said in a worried tone.
“Did you talk to him about Reed yet?” Miranda asked concernedly.
“I haven’t been able to talk to him. He wants some distance, just like you did when you were upset with me.” Joan’s tone was soft, trying to not sound accusatory.
Miranda put her head down a little to hide the rush of red that rose up her neck. “Maybe I should talk to him first.” She offered sheepishly.
Joan shook her head. “No this is something I need to do.” She placed the towel down that she was holding. “I screwed things up myself. I need to fix it myself.”

Joan knocked on the door to Milton’s room. She waited but no answer came. She knocked a little louder but debated afterwards if she knocked in a way that said she was trying to pound the door down. As she weighed her knocking strength the door opened. Milton faced Joan.
“Yea, what do you want?”
Joan wished she thought what she was going to say before she approached the room. She didn’t know quite how to start this conversation now that she was standing in front of him. The pain behind her heart grew exponentially pressing hard against her throat. She suddenly felt like she needed to cough.
“I wanted to know if you were going to...” Joan cleared her throat. “I mean that… I want to talk to you, if you have a minute?”
Milton walked away from the door leaving it open for her to enter, although he never offered the accustomed greeting of “Please come in.” He threw himself on his bed to play with a paper airplane he was working on before she came to the door. He licked his pressing fore finger and thumb before making adjustments to the rudder. The airplane had a needle taped to the nose, it stuck out dangerously, ominously.
Before Joan began he tossed the toy airplane into the air. It rose quickly then gracefully fell at an arc. They both watched it as it made a complete circle in the air in a spiral corkscrew fashion towards the floor. Milton caught it before it crashed. As he made another adjustment Joan began.
“I see you have made great strides in fashioning the plane to work properly?” She said it in the form of a question but Milton grunted his approval of her remark instead of starting a conversation for which she had hoped. She frowned.
Joan didn’t know how to start her difficult conversation. She weighed other unimportant conversation options that had nothing to do with the pain surrounding her heart. She twisted her ring contemplating what bush she could beat around. Joan wanted to make up with him desperately but that meant that she had to begin an apology when she wasn’t real sure if he knew everything yet. She wanted to tell him how it wasn’t her fault, that Reed showed up at school and that he kissed her, not the other way around but...
Milton spoke before she did. His tone was cold and determined. His eyes were on the paper airplane he toyed with. He spoke to Joan as though he were conversing his problem to someone else. “I heard something around the school. Some of the girls were talking openly about this boy who came to the school to see the blind girl who takes all the same classes as my sister. You know that stumped me because I don’t know any blind girl that hangs with my sister. I know a terrific girl who is incredible in a lot of ways but being blind is not one of them. Then I hear that this girl kissed a tall boy named Reed. What’s further interesting is that Reed is known around this school because of all the summer college prep classes he took with students that attend Northern High School too. You see the talk wasn’t about the blind girl really, it was how this nerd walked into this school and took a beautiful girl in his arms and kissed her passionately like he was the catch of the year. The rumor compared the kiss to a movie call An Officer and a Gentleman.”
Tears suddenly started to flow down Joan’s cheeks. The pain behind her heart was stabbing her now.
“You know I looked up that movie and found that we have it here in our library. I watched it last night. The kiss in the movie was impressive, it moved me. The first time you kissed me I felt something similar...” Milton choked back some feelings he didn’t want to share before moving on. Joan had huge tears now, her face started to become red with an embarrassed accusation that she couldn’t run from. She was guilty of everything Milton was talking about.
“Well, afterward all I could think about was how the beautiful girl in question wouldn’t do something like that. She already had a boyfriend you see. She already said that I was the only one for her and that I was the first, not just the first mind you, but one that she waited over three hundred years to be with. So I asked myself, if that’s the case then the girl in question wouldn’t be my girlfriend. It should be some other blind girl in the school and the confusion would be very evident.”
Milton looked Joan in the eye now. He had tears forming. Milton walked past Joan to the door and held it open. His voice trembled. “But it wasn’t some other beautiful girl that Reed came in and kissed. It was my girlfriend and she betrayed me with someone she barely knew, a stranger really. Worse still, she didn’t even try to say anything in her defense. I think that she should know that I don’t want a girlfriend like that. I need you to leave.”
Joan’s lips trembled. The pain behind her heart filled her whole body now. She didn’t know what to say in her own defense. Her emotional stability was about to burst like a dam. She ran from the room crying. The door slammed closed behind her. Joan ran to her room balling as hard as she could ever remember. Grief consumed her. The thought of not having Milton as a boyfriend anymore destroyed her sense of purpose.

At around noon time Miranda knocked on Joan’s door. Joan had been sequestered away for several hours now. When Joan didn’t answer Miranda let herself in.
“Joan, are you okay?” Miranda’s tone was soft and offertory. She wanted to help Joan. She knew that the conversation must have gone badly because she saw Milton leave the apartment closely followed by one of the Brown’s. She didn’t ask where he was going, the expression on his face told a story of heart break and sadness.
Joan looked into Miranda’s eyes then began to cry anew. It took several minutes to calm Joan down but when she did it happened quickly.
“What happened?” Miranda asked in that soft motherly tone her mother used on her more than once.
“Mill... he knew about the kiss. He told me about what he heard around the school and how he thought the girl doing the kissing couldn’t be me.” Joan started to cry again. “He said he heard the girls talking about it and how they think Reed is more interesting now... And perhaps how lucky that girl was to be kissing him.”
Joan took several sharp breaths at the name. “He said that Reed is known around Northern High because he had taken several college prep classes with many students there. They compared the kissing moment to a movie where the guy, at the end a movie got the girl by walking into where she worked and kissed her before carrying her away.” Joan gulped several times as she tried to catch her breath between crying and breathing.
“I never got a chance to say a word.” Joan continued. “I never was able to tell him it was a mistake. I think he when he told me to leave, it was for good!” Joan started balling again. It was terrible too listen to. Joan threw herself onto Miranda. Joan cried so hard that tears welled up in Miranda’s eyes too over the pain she felt for her friend, her sister.
In Miranda’s heart she wanted to hunt down her brother and tell him the truth about what happened. Make him see reason. She wanted to go out and fix this problem between them but she remembered that the truth would probably not help Joan’s cause. It would perhaps make it worse. Suddenly she felt very helpless, unable to do anything. She still wanted to pound her brother for causing Joan so much pain but that would only make her feel better in the end not Joan.
After some time had passed, Miranda pulled away from Joan. She wiped her own tears away to address the coming problem. “You said you would play in the basketball game today. It is only a couple hours away. Are you still able to? Should I call Miss Margrette?”
Joan wiped her own tears now as she considered the question. “I need to burn some energy, but I feel so sick over Milton. I’m not sure what to do.” Miranda let go of Joan and stood off the bed. She crossed over to the door. “I’ll call to let Miss Margrette know you don’t want to play anymore. We can stay here and talk badly about Mill all day if you want.”
Anger flared up in Joan. She shouted at Miranda. “Don’t talk about Milton that way! He still is...” Joan calmed down quickly realizing what she was feeling. Her focus fell away from Miranda. She still had deep feelings for Milton. That’s when she knew she couldn’t stay home after all. She just needed to keep her mind focused on something else. She looked up back to Miranda. “I’ll play this afternoon. If I can refocus my energy for a while then I will be able to talk to him later.
Miranda walked back to the bed and sat back down. “Okay then, what’s this disguise we are supposed to wear when we are at the game?”

At two o’clock Miss Margrette stepped out of the elevator. Behind her were three nurses from the hospital ward. They each held a large package wrapped in brown paper. Joan and the rest of the Caldwell family sat in the kitchen talking about the coming game, less Milton. Mrs. Caldwell said to Joan “Go and get Mill it’s almost time to leave.”
Joan’s face became flush and her eyes became suddenly wet. She turned away to wipe her hand across the building tears. Miss Margrette and Mrs. Caldwell both noticed the gesture. Mrs. Caldwell opened her mouth to say something but Miss Margrette put her hand on Mrs. Caldwell’s arm to forestall her. “I think we need to start with these two before we go and get Milton.” 
The nurse heard the comment and nodded before stepping up to Miranda and Joan. Miss Margrette turned her head to Mrs. Caldwell. “Can I speak with you a moment?” Miss Margrette asked in a low tone.
As the two girls went over to have their disguises applied Miss Margrette pulled Mrs. Caldwell towards the elevator. “I understand that Joan and Milton are going through a rough patch right now. I think it would be best if any discussion about his absence not happen in front of the entire room. In fact if he doesn’t wish to attend the basketball game today, that would be okay too.”
“What has happened?” Mrs. Caldwell asked.
“Like all relationships born in this fragile age, many influences of inconsequence can cause upheaval. I’m sure everything will be alright. We just need to allow them to have their time alone to digest what’s going in their lives right now.”
Mrs. Caldwell nodded. Miss Margrette said “Good, I’ll go and talk to Milton” but Mrs. Caldwell put a hand on her arm to hold her back. “See if he’s okay?” She added in a motherly way. Miss Margrette acknowledged the statement with a nod before she continued on her mission.

Milton sat at his desk in front of his laptop. He was looking at his website, particularly at the page with all the videos that Joan’s telescope had taken with her phone. He seemed dazed while he looked at the screen when the knock came to the door. It made him jump. Surprisingly, even though he jumped, he somehow knew a knock would come. He didn’t wait for the knocker to ask to see him. He called out to have his guest enter. “Come in!” Then he closed the connection to his website.
Miss Margrette strolled in and took the empty seat next to his desk. He didn’t face her.
“I hear there are troubled waters ahead.”
Milton maintained his stare at the screen saver on his laptop which showed an image pulled from video of the alien known as Tibeert the Great gesticulating to a massive crowd of people below him. Milton responded as Miss Margrette’s eyes lingered on the image. “Troubled waters ahead implies that there is an ahead to look forward to. I don’t think that’s a problem anymore.”
A stabbing feeling stung Miss Margrette’s heart. She didn’t expect this news to affect her at all. But a motherly feeling to protect Joan overtook her.
“So you’re telling me that one small mistake will end your relationship with Joan?” Her tone came out harsher then it was supposed to. She tried to rectify her emotional outburst but Milton turned on her and spoke in an even greater emotionally charged fashion.
“She kissed another person! She kissed Reed, of all people. Reed!”
Milton stood quickly tossing back his chair to the floor as he stormed to the door to leave. Miss Margrette sprung up and beat him there blocking his path.
“Get out of the way.” Milton seethed.
“No. I didn’t come here to fix your problems with Joan. I came to offer a shoulder to lean on. Despite how I reacted, I didn’t mean to sound judgmental. It’s just that I am a little over protective of Joan sometimes, like a parent. So it’s difficult to stand on the sidelines when she feels hurt. I hope you understand.”
Milton looked at her now. A barrier had been breached. Miss Margrette could see it. Milton’s emotion rose from his heart to make his face flush. He sniffed, his nose started to run. “It’s just... I thought I was alright with it all at first. It was just a kiss. People get kissed all the time... Like to aunts and mothers, but to Reed? That was too much.” A burning sensation stunk Milton’s eyes and he turned away.
Miss Margrette put a hand on Milton’s shoulder. “Please, let’s sit for a moment.”
Together they went back to the desk chairs. Miss Margrette picked up the fallen chair for Milton and he sat covering his face the entire time.
“I want you to ponder on this for a moment. Reed went out to Northern High School to seek out Joan. He had an agenda. Once he found Joan he said what he wanted to say. You have to understand Joan’s feelings in all this. She has never had feelings for another boy until she met you. She is fragile and easily distracted by those feelings. When Reed arrived to announce his love for her she was easily swept into that rushing current. When Reed kissed her she accepted it willingly.”
“That’s not helping!” Milton barked out his displeasure at hearing this news.
“I don’t mean to say it in a way that would hurt your feelings. I wanted to convey that it is easy to fall into desire when it’s expressed that way. Women are built in such a way where love freely given is like food being offered to a starving person. But she remembered you. She pushed Reed away when it came to her that she was already taken. Despite what happened, you were the individual on her mind.”
Milton looked up. What Miss Margrette said made him feel a little better. “What about Reed? How did he take this news?”
Miss Margrette smiled. “Are you feeling sorry for Reed Alwaiss?”
Milton looked away again. “No! I don’t care that he got hurt when she pushed him away, I’m happy in fact, I was just... you know, I was wondering that’s all.”
“Well, when it comes to boys, they never see the subtleties that women see. He never noticed the inflection of being pushed away. He probably thought that she needed air or something.” Miss Margrette laughed lightly.
Milton pondered on what was said. “Perhaps Reed doesn’t even know that Joan pushed him away because of him.” His heart became a little lighter. Then something occurred to him. “How do you know all this?”
This time it was Miss Margrette who blushed a little. She had said too much. Hesitantly she answered. “We have a camera on the desk to see what is going on at the school. It captured Joan’s activity. If they went around the corner to converse, I wouldn’t know anything that transpired.”

Back in the kitchen the nurses were putting the finishing touches on Joan and Miranda. They looked like they should be in a hospital ward somewhere. Miranda’s arm was in a sling and she had a brace that towered over her head to keep her head from turning side to side. In addition she had makeup on to make her look like she had a black eye. Joan, already in her uniform, had a large patch over half of her face encompassing her left ear. The nurses applied a brace like apparatus on her teeth to show that her jaw was wired shut. For all intensive purposes her mouth was really wired shut, until they removed the glue later.
Joan mouthed with her lips to Miss Margrette, in a constricted voice, as she approached in from Milton’s room. “But what if I need a drink?”
Mr. Caldwell laughed at the condition at the girls before him. “You guys are definitely in a state. How are you supposed to play with that on never mind drink water?” He said to Joan.
Miss Margrette chuckled at the way Joan talked. “I thought of that already. I brought along a special water bottle for you to use.” She lifted an expensive reusable water bottle out of her purse that had a flip up straw where Joan could suck the fluid out with her lips instead of tipping the water bottle back into her open mouth.
Mrs. Caldwell looked around for Milton but when she didn’t see him asked openly to the group at large. “Where’s Milton, were going to be late if we don’t get going soon.”
“Milton has decided to stay behind.” Miss Margrette said. “He said he wanted to have some time to study for exams next week.”
Miranda turned her whole body to look at Joan but she had already turned her gaze towards the floor full of guilt. She studied the floor tiles as a sad look spread across her face. This time Mrs. Caldwell looked over to Miss Margrette understanding what was not said openly. “Okay then,” Mrs. Caldwell announced. “Let’s all head outside. We don’t want to be late.”
Mr. Caldwell sheparded the girls towards the elevator. Miss Margrette swung over to Mrs. Caldwell in the short distance to the lift to reassure her. “He’s fine. He just needs some time alone. It is a hard age after all.” Mrs. Caldwell nodded in agreement before saying, “Yes indeed.”

At the stadium, Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell, Miss Margrette, Miranda, and Joan all headed onto the court. Along the way they had to push their way through the immense crowd. It seemed impossible to understand why so many people had turned out to see a high school basketball game not to mention they were at one of the largest stadiums in the area. It was also home to the Detroit Pistons.
They passed through a bottle neck of sorts where many fans were trying to get through a narrow hall juncture before emerging onto the court. Four boys who were watching the crowd go by were also trying to hang back on the walls to stay out of the way which caused the bottle neck. There just wasn’t enough room for them to stand around while everyone else fought to squeeze through.
Once everyone made it to the court, they were all awed over the size of the venue. Joan who was wound up in the excitement of playing again turned to everyone else. “I better go and find the team.” Exuberance showed through her constricted vocabulary and her wired jaw. Her thoughts of Milton not attending moved to the rear of her mind. She ran off across the court to the opposite side.
Miss Margrette turned to the family. “Please go and take your seats, I will be up in a moment. There is one more detail I must attend to before I can enjoy the game with you.” She had to shout over all the noise building around the venue, but she could see understanding in their faces. She turned and followed Joan across the court as the Caldwell’s climbed the steps to find their seats.

Across the stadium Reed Alwaiss stood by the entrance to the locker rooms where the Northern High School team would enter before the game. His right hand was bandaged heavily. He witnesses many sour expressions toward his presence there as players strolled by but he ignored them all.
Reed was there to see Joan play and he wanted to make sure he would be seen when she arrived. He didn’t know much about Joan’s life at Northern High School. However, he was fairly certain that Joan was surely on the basketball team awaiting permission to play again, her sight problems only a minor setback.
Talk between the secretaries, when he stood before them, about Joan being on the team, alluded to the fact that he should be here waiting for her. That whole idea justified his presence at the entrance despite the awful expressions he had been receiving.
When Blithers arrived she dropped her bag and chased him away from the entrance. However, after she returned with a smile at bullying another person, like that was her real job in life, Reed returned to reoccupy his post.

Miss Margrette coolly walked into the Central High School locker rooms. She saw Joan’s happy reunion with her former class mates. They all had questions about her injury’s and her ability to play. Excitement filled the locker room with her presence. Miss Margrette walked on past not stopping to introduce herself and also careful to not have Joan see her. When she arrived at her destination she didn’t knock on the office where Mrs. Peterson resided. She opened the door like she was in her own home and strolled in, closing it behind her.
Mrs. Peterson looked up from her desk to see who had entered the room. She looked terrible. Stress and lack of sleep had taken its toll since the last time Miss Margrette had seen her. She had bags under her eyes, her complexion reverted back to when she was a teenager with many pimples on her forehead and chin, she had lost a considerable amount of weight, and the weight of stress made her look like had been run over by a truck.
Since Miss Margrette had never had the pleasure of speaking to the coach in person before today she was unrecognized. Mrs. Peterson made a fowl expression at having her alone time interrupted.
“All reporters are supposed to wait until after the game to come into the locker rooms. Get out!”
“I am not a reporter.” Said Miss Margrette plainly. “I’m the ward supervisor to the orphanage where Joan Darcy stays.”
Mrs. Peterson stood up from her chair so quickly her chair flew to the floor in the process. A faint hint of hope emanated from her eyes.
“I am here to tell you that Joan Darcy has been cleared to play today by the principal. He wanted me to let you know this information in person so no confusion can be interpreted by the news.”
Mrs. Peterson easily remembered the time when she went over to the Caldwell’s home to pick up her star player so she could play when Joan was clearly unable to make good decisions because of a reaction to a drug. Her greedy actions put her in a position of probation where she could never be around Joan again, losing her star player and perhaps losing the season to Northern High School, for another year. Yet now, hope had been renewed.
Miss Margrette pressed on. “I do have to inform you that there are provisions to letting her play today. As you may know Joan was in a bad car accident a little while back and she sustained some injuries to her face. She is allowed to play as long as she does not play the entire time. She will need to rest often. I must supply a special drinking apparatus so she can drink water as her jaw is wired shut for the time being.”
Miss Margrette pulled out the expensive water bottle from her purse and handed it to Mrs. Peterson. She grabbed it quickly and ran out into the locker room to meet Joan leaving Miss Margrette behind as though she had been handed a baton to a relay race.
Joan was trying her best to talk to her friends through her jaw being wired shut. She was so glad to be around her team again that it didn’t matter if they were struggling to understand what she was saying. Everyone was overly happy just being near her. Mrs. Peterson ran into the room and pushed everyone aside. She thrust the water bottle to Melissa Lowes, a pretty girl who played guard.
When Mrs. Peterson reached Joan she hugged her. Joan’s eyes were huge at the awkward affection being shone. Miss Margrette watched from the wall that abutted the door to the office. When Mrs. Peterson let go she still maintained a grip on each arm while she stared at her. “I am so glad you are here!” She shouted to Joan punctuating each word. Joan shook at the energy Mrs. Peterson exerted when she spoke. The bandage over Joan’s ear led Mrs. Peterson to believe that she couldn’t hear very well. “Can you hear me okay?” Mrs. Peterson asked.
Joan lipped “Yes” but her voice came out softly through her closed teeth. “As long as you can hear me everything will be alright!” Mrs. Peterson shouted. Some of the team members shook their heads. Kelly Lee tried to get the coaches attention but she only had eyes for Joan and didn’t hear Kelly’s statement that Joan could hear just fine. During this activity Miss Margrette snuck back out.

Terry Bean showed up to the game with all of his friends that took orders from him. Everyone one of them sported some injury that had not healed fully yet from the encounter with Joan Parisy. Terry Bean still had an arm in a sling. Jamal Eddington had a large bandage over his chin and he wore a baseball cap that advertised the Detroit Piston’s. Alex McLaren looked like he had been hit by a truck, the whole left side of his face was all black and blue including his eye. And Jake Succi sported a large bandage over the right ear. Each of them wore a dark blue hoodie sweatshirt that advertised Northern High School. What was odd was the fact that each of them wore dark gloves.
Excited fans were trying to work their way around the four boys congesting the narrow entrance to the seating area. What the fans didn’t know was that it was a ploy for the boys to exercise their pick pocketing skills. When Jamal raised his hat everyone turned to a common direction and left the crowd. They reassembled in the bathroom. It was the perfect area to meet because it was empty as everyone was trying to gain access to their seats.
“I think we did alright!” Jamal announced excitedly as he looked at all the wallets in his hands.
Only three of boys partook of the illegal activity. Terry Bean smiled at them all. “I wish I could’ve had the same fun.” He announced as he raised the arm with the sling. “Remember we don’t have much time. As if on cue, they opened all the wallets withdrawing the cash, credit and debit cards in a rehearsed way. They then huddled over the trash bin and tossed everything in except what they collected. Alex held on to one driver’s license when all the other wallets had disappeared beyond the lid. He gazed at it longingly before he asked, “Can’t we keep one false identity?” He looked back at it.
“No.” Terry said quickly, How many time must I tell you, Getting caught for stealing an identity is twenty years in the poker, credit cards and cash is petty theft, five years maximum on a bad day. We must maintain a low profile in our business. Now follow the plan. We have an hour or so before we must dump all the cards.”
When Alex turned to toss it away like the rest of the discarded identity’s he pocketed it when no one was looking.
Each of the boys pulled out their smart phones and connected to the internet. The speed each of them operated also looked rehearsed. In several minutes Jake announced that he secured a sixty inch television. Terry walked over to Jake to pat him on the shoulder and took the debit card from him. “That’s great, go on to the next item on the list.” Alex next announced that he got the watch he wanted with Jamal close behind him speaking loudly “I got the weapon that I will shoot Joan Parisy with!” Terry walked over and slapped him on the back extra hard. He took Jamal’s and Alex’s stolen cards and dumped them in the trash. “Now that’s what I’m talking about. Keep going, time is ticking.”

Cassandra Landry strolled into the court like she owned the place. It only took a few strong hits with her shoulder to those crowding around her to ensure that a large corridor opened up before her. She made her way towards the locker room entrance.
Reed still stood sentinel waiting for Joan. The entire team had shown up by now but he still held out hope that Joan was just late. His attention was keen on anyone that came into view. When he spotted Cassandra fear blasted him. His bandaged hand began to throb. He suddenly had goose bumps, he became flush, and he had a sudden desire to run. He didn’t know what to do, part of him wanted to stay to see Joan but the other part of him wanted to flee for his life.
Cassandra continued her stroll towards the position where he stood. She made no effort to speed up her arrival. A malevolent smile spread across her face. Anticipation at being able to work out more information out of Reed intoxicated her.
As Cassandra closed in Reed became very jumpy. Fight or flight, should he stand his ground? He could take her couldn’t he, but with one hand? He couldn’t make a determination one way or the other. Fear grabbed him instead and he ran for the door.
Stopping in the same position Reed just occupied, Cassandra realized that she didn’t have to chase him. The fact that he was standing here waiting for Joan to arrive as a Northern High School basketball player spoke volumes. She turned and entered the locker room.

Mrs. Peterson finally let go of Joan after several more hugs and shouts that everything was going to be okay. She ran off to the court almost jumping for joy. Mellisa Lowes Laughed out in spite of herself announcing, “She’s nutters! She’ll never get it right.” Kelly Lee, Maggie Thomas, Liz Nobles, Tathra Coleman, Jillian Cobbs, Ramila Osorio and Penny Marshwell closed in on Joan and her oversized bandage over her left ear. Joan was so happy to see them she didn’t care that she could barely talk through the wired mess in her mouth.
“So, can you play like that?”Cobbs asked. “Yea, I think so.” Joan replied. “But what about being able to hear us on the court?” Marshwell piped up. “I can hear pretty well on my other side so yell a little louder, okay?” Joan said in a strained way.
Mrs. Peterson ran back in to the locker room. She was all out of breath. When she stopped to announce something, she bent over in half to get her breathing right first. Osorio put a hand on her back. “You shouldn’t run like that if it makes you all of breath...”
Mrs. Peterson threw her arm off. “I’ll be fine.” She announced before standing up straight despite her inability to do so yet. “We need to go up. Announcer...” She took in a deep breath then said. “They are going to announce us in two minutes. Go!” All the girls became excited and ran out of the locker room.

Mr. Caldwell was speaking to Miss Margrette while Miranda pointed out towards the court. She was trying to get her mother’s attention that the teams were about to pop out through large paper barriers with each team’s mascots emblazoned across the front. Miranda struggled to turn her head and she swore loudly as the screw points dug into her scalp.
“I wish Milton came to see the game.” Mr. Caldwell mentioned to Miss Margrette between game related subjects.
“Not to worry, He has an assignment to watch it on television and record it back at the apartment for prosperity.” Miss Margrette said. “He’s not missing it all.”
Mr. Caldwell brightened at the news. But he had a nagging question on his mind and felt this was a good time to throw it out there. “So I have to ask this dumb question to ask. Why is there still basketball this late in the school year? Shouldn’t it all be over by now?”
“To answer your question properly, we should consider what time of year basketball is normally played.” Miss Margrette said plainly.
Mr. Caldwell furled his brow with some confusion before answering “Winter?”
Miss Margrette nodded. “Yes, winter and snow. Some years the snow is so bad that there are not enough make-up games that can fix all the cancelations. Therefore in that instance, the season is just postponed until spring arrives. This season fell on one of those years.”
Mr. Caldwell began to ask another question but Miss Margrette raised a hand to encourage him to listen as the microphone keyed up over the loud PA system. The announcer’s voice filled the auditorium. A loud booming voice echoed off the auditorium walls.
“Welcome to the women’s basketball final between the Central High Chief’s and Northern high’s Raging Panthers!”
The crowd came to life. Shouting over whelmed the announcers voice for a moment, quieting him, before he started again.
“The Raging Panthers are going to try to defend their title against the fastest climbing team in the league, theeee Chief’s!”
More screaming filled the auditorium. Mrs. Caldwell stood suddenly. “I almost forgot I’m working here!” She pushed her way towards the aisle forcing back many screaming fans back into their seats and descended towards the court, note pad hand, and Journalism VIP pass pinned on her chest.
Everyone was standing and shouting now. The announcer began again. “To defend their title please put your hands together for the Northern High School Raging Panthers!”
The Players for the Panthers burst through the paper barrier emblazoned with their mascot of a black panther jumping through purple flames. The players were announced as they ran through. “Welcome Cotton, Bennette, Flores, Tyler, Tyson, Blithers, Tucker, Willowbrook, and Roundson to the court!”
One side of the court screamed in appreciation. Many on the other side booed. The announcer didn’t wait for the screaming to slow down. He rushed headlong into announcing the next team.
“Now onto the challengers. Here are the Central High School Chieeeeef’s! Welcome to the court Marshwood, Osorio, Cobbs, Coleman, Nobles, Thomas, Lowels, lee, and Darcy!” The team blew apart the paper emblazoned with an image of an Indian head in orange and black as they ran onto the court.
Everyone in the stadium went crazy at the hearing Joan’s name. If the roof could have burst off at having too much noise blasted at it, then it would have soared to the stars. The word Darcy slowly started to emerge in a chant until most everyone was shouting in unison “DAR-CY, DAR-CY, DAR-CY!”
Many basketballs were dumped onto the court for the players to begin their warm ups. Northern high lined up to do some passing drills while Central High practiced lay-ups. When several minutes passed without a change in the drills the audience became more vocal. In a concerted effort a new chant began. “Dar-cy shoot, Dar-cy shoot!”
The warm ups of Central High stopped suddenly as they looked out on the crowd. Lee walked over to Darcy. “I think they want you to do some of your long shots.”
Joan looked out onto the crowd. Her heart was racing as she nodded in agreement. The energy she was feeling made her ego soar. Mrs. Peterson jogged out onto the court towards Darcy and Lee.
“Change of plan. We need to demoralize Northern. What better way to have everyone shouting for Darcy here. Everyone needs to practice shots on goal until the buzzer. Make sure some of you feed balls to Joan.”
The girls set up positions to collect balls and pass them to Joan so she could shoot on goal. Joan started on the three point line. The cheers started before she even threw her first ball. Joan started to throw balls in goal one after the other. Everyone sailed through the net, no backboard needed. Joan backed up four feet and started again. In, in, and in, six balls flew in the basket one right after the other. The crowd began to go crazy.
This prompted the commentator to turn on the microphone again. “That’s Joan Darcy, the cannon, throwing the balls for Central High. Wow! Six balls and not even a miss! She’s stopping to change her position further away from the basket. I think she is aiming at another four feet back. That would be an impossible shot to take. What’s she thinking?!” The announcer’s voice was becoming overly excited at the prospect that Joan was that good.

In the locker room Cassandra sat alone on a bench waiting. She was trying to make a plan about how to get Darcy to herself in such a crowded place, if she ever decided to show up that was. The rest of the team had run up court side already. Reed’s presence outside the locker room entrance was the indicator that he knew where to find Darcy, but where was she now? Was he setting her up to be in the wrong place? Or keeping her way from the game by having her wait in an empty locker room? Suddenly the announcer began to speak introducing the teams onto the court. Cassandra could hear him like she was standing on the court with the players. When the announcer called out Darcy’s name as being on the Central team she became infuriated at Reed. “Next time I see that scrawny nerd I’m going to break all his fingers!” She punched her fist into her other hand as she stormed out too head to the right room locker room this time and wait there.

Several students from Central High School were setting up camera equipment at the highest seating level to record the game. There were two boys and two girls. A pudgy unkempt man walked up to them carrying a big role of cable wire wrapped around his shoulder. He wore a dirty t-shirt with a Mossy Oak fleece over it and a faded pair of jeans.
“Here is the last of what you need to connect to the cable channel we use to broadcast games.”
The pimply, blond haired girl said “Thank you” as she received the roll from the portly gentleman.
“Simply plug into the receptacle over by the support pole and the other end into your laptop. After that everyone will be able to see what your cameras see. Have fun!” On that note he turned and left. One of the boys called out after him before he was too far away.
“What channel do we broadcast on again?”
“Fourteen.” The man replied. He never turned around to give his answer properly. The man just called out over the crowd yelling at a Central High School player making yet another basket.
The boy quickly hand wrote on a piece of cardboard the number fourteen and slid in place on the microphone handle bracket. He handed it to the other girl who was with them. She was dressed nicely in a skirt and white buttoned down top accentuated with a stylish scarf. She grabbed it and put her fingers through her blond hair before a short black haired boy pointed to the girl holding the microphone. “You’re on now.” He said softly.
The girl put on her biggest smile and spoke into the camera. “Welcome to Central High’s big chance to win the title this year!”

Milton sat in front of the television in the living room back at the apartment. He felt discouraged. He should have gone to the game with the rest of the family. Sitting here to watch the game was not the same. He pouted as he viewed the static run across the screen on channel fourteen. Even though he was still upset at Joan for kissing Reed he still wanted to watch her succeed. Suddenly the television became crisp and a picture popped into view. A pretty blond haired girl, with a hand written call number attached to her microphone, began speaking to viewers everywhere. Milton laughed at himself for thinking of the word “Everywhere” because he was perhaps the only person in the world watching this game from a cable provided public access channel, plus the girl was doing a terrible job.
He set up the DVR to record the show then switched to the computer next to him. He pulled up ESPN.com and easily found the right game. The image was that of Joan making consecutive free throw shots on goal. The bandage on her head looked utterly ridiculous but her ability to make baskets was second to none. The female ESPN announcer was having a hard time looking into the camera, like she was supposed to, because she couldn’t stop watching Joan.
After several shots Joan moved further back to set up for harder shots on goal. The reporter was a dark skinned woman, dressed smartly in very expensive suit coat with a matching skirt and high heels. She was all professional looking with clip board in one hand, presumably with a loose script on it, and a microphone in the other. She exuded a background in the sport as a former player. Her monolog was broken though as her energy switched back and forth from being overly excited at watching this incredible girl and announcing.
The crowd’s crazy shouts at Joan’s ability to make such hard shots filled the stadium. And the game had not even started yet. Milton could feel the energy through the screen. The excitement over the pre- game show didn’t involve crazy million dollar, thirty second adds, and famous announcers shouting who would win based on analogies created by stats over the last thirty years, no... It was based on real talent doing real work on the court, by an amazing person. Milton could see this about Joan now and his heart filled with guilt.
Suddenly Milton saw Reed run in the back ground, behind the announcer, and crash into Joan bodily. They both went down in a pile of arms and legs. The camera man made wild swings in the camera view as he ran onto the court to get a closer look, the announcer worked hard to stay ahead of the camera man shouting over the crowd. “Joan Darcy is down! Joan Darcy is down! We are running in to see if everything is fine.”

A hot dagger stabbed Milton right in the heart. He jabbed his finger onto the escape button, on his computer, killing the feed he was watching. He sat back into the couch and brooded over the matter hating the whole situation. His arms were folded so tightly that he started to loose circulation in his hands. After a few minutes he sat back up and turned on the program on again to watch it unfold. Based on recent, past, events he felt that not knowing was worse than knowing.

Security personal ran out onto the court. Joan was struggling to push whoever crashed into her, off. Lowes helped. She was handing balls off to Joan just moments ago. At first Joan thought it was Blithers but to her amazement she saw Blithers standing on the other side of the court, smiling, watching the events occur. Then Joan heard what she didn’t want to hear in her lifetime, a boy’s voice saying out loud for everyone to hear, “I love you Joan!” She knew that voice, it was Reed Alwaiss.
“Oh my God! What happened to you?!” Reed exclaimed after he extricated himself from Joan.
Joan was on the verge of panic now. Her eyes were huge and her breathing was ragged. Lowes was asking if she was alright but a pressure in her chest was closing off everything that made sense. Not only was Reed here, Milton was watching this unfold and Reed was about to give up Joan’s secret to both schools too! Security personal, Mrs. Peterson, a reporter and her camera man, and several women dressed in brown attire were all rushing in towards her. The world was closing in on her fast. It was suffocating. All she wanted was to hold Milton’s hand. But now all she could see in her mind’s eye was Milton walking away forever as she tried to call out to him, but no words came out. Her jaw was still wired shut.
Many questions were being shouted to Reed and Joan. Joan couldn’t open her mouth to show the shock she subconsciously wanted to show. Reed was in Joan’s face trying to look into her eyes. He was demanding to know what happened to her to have such injuries the bandages were covering up. Joan’s eyes were glazing over, she just wanted to die.
A security guard arrived first on the scene. He took Reed’s arm and pulled him away kicking and screaming wanting to know what happened to his girlfriend. Unbelievably Mrs. Peterson arrived next and almost fell on Joan trying to catch her breath. Two Brown’s swooped in immediately afterward but instead of snatching Joan to take her away, they had to stop Mrs. Peterson from crushing Joan on the court. Lowes pulled Joan out from under Mrs. Peterson. After a few seconds of crazy activity things stared to calm down.

The reporter was talking into the camera again very fast as several Brown’s closed ranks around Joan to take her, bodily, to the locker room. Mrs. Peterson sat on the floor crying surrounded by the rest of the team offering to help in any way they could.
Once in the locker room, the door slammed shut. The Brown’s who escorted Joan down stood guard. Joan sat down on a bench dragged out to the center of the room. Miss Margrette stood to one side as Miranda and Mr. and Mrs. Caldwell were swooping down on Joan to see if she was alright. Miranda leaned in to say something and hit Joan on the head near her un-bandaged ear with her head brace. There was an odd bell sound that filled the room before Joan fell over to the floor. All Joan could see were stars. The Brown’s ran forward but Miss Margrette raised a hand to hold them back.
“Miranda!” Mrs. Caldwell shouted. Mrs. Caldwell helped Joan back up to her seat. “Are you okay my dear?” Mrs. Caldwell shouted to her in a motherly way before turning on Miranda. “You could have taken out off one of her ears with that thing! What were you thinking?!”
“Oh my...” Mrs. Caldwell said in a softer tone as she looked at Joan’s ear. “Joan, speak to me.”
Joan looked over to Miranda felling sorry that her mother berated her in front of all these people before she answered through her closed Jaw. “At least I already have a bandage in case an ear fell off.” Mr. Caldwell and Miss Margrette sniggered at the same time over the reference. Mrs. Caldwell didn’t. She shot them both a filthy look.
Miranda said, “I’m sorry” through teary eyes. 
Joan lipped “I’m alright” back to her. Miranda smiled weakly.
All shrieking aside now, Mrs. Caldwell asked in a more tempered tone to Joan. “Now, what I want to know is. Who was that boy that crashed into you? He said that he was your boyfriend, what was that all about?” Obviously she had interest in her son’s heart over this other boy.
“Lea, now’s not the time. I’m sure Joan will explain it all after the game.” Mr. Caldwell said to his wife.
Miss Margrette stepped forward. “Well I think we need to ask Joan one more important question first...”
Mrs. Peterson stormed into the locker room. Her breathing seemed back to normal. The Brown’s at the door took her arms and restrained her from proceeding. “What is going on?” She demanded. The announcer came on causing the questions to halt for a moment so they could listen.
“Well, I believe a new first has occurred here at The Palace of Auburn Hills. I don’t think there ever has been an injury time out before a game has ever started before. I will have to look that one up. Joan Darcy has been taken to the locker room for observation after that hit she took. We will begin the game in two minutes. Let’s hope she returns by then.”
Mrs. Peterson shook her arms away from the Brown’s who were listening much too intently to continue a strong hold on her. “Joan, are you okay to play?! She shouted at her. Joan nodded back trying to imply her continued ability to understand everyone even though she had trouble speaking.
Miss Margrette’s cell phone rang. She answered it with only a greeting of “Speak.” She nodded at the stream of news she was hearing then followed up with, “Keep me informed” before hanging up. She turned to Mr. Caldwell.
“Frank, please check to see if you still have your wallet?” Her tone was very casual like she might be enquiring about the weather. 
Mr. Caldwell reached for his wallet and was surprised that it wasn’t in his coat pocket. A panic rose in his voice as he checked all his other pockets. “It’s gone! I must have lost it somewhere.”
Miss Margrette said in a continued calm. “That’s alright. I know what happened to it. Someone just purchased a sixty inch television from the credit card we provided for you.”
In the background Mrs. Peterson was still yelling her conversation to Joan. It made for a good cover to have their private side conversation. Miss Margrette answered Frank’s pleas of going out to find it.
“We don’t have to go looking to find your wallet. Everything is replaceable.” Frank shook his head. “I have all my passwords in that wallet not to mention the cash and pictures...”
Miss Margrette agreed with his fears. The idea that sensitive information about the foundation was stored in his wallet upped the concern. “It’s here somewhere in the stadium. I will have someone start a search. I’m sure a thief lifted it and made the purchase here somewhere in the facility using a smart phone or something. Your wallet has probably been dumped somewhere by now.
Miss Margrette was about to give the order to have the Brown’s search when an idea came to her. She turned her head in an inquisitive way then said, “Wait a minute... This is perfect actually, Frank don’t worry about all the passwords or the money. Having the wallet stolen has baited our trap better than having Joan play today. Let’s see what pans out.”

Mrs. Peterson had Joan by the arms and had been shaking her to see if she was well enough to play. “There, are you Dizzy?!” She shouted at Joan as though it were a common practice to check someone’s dizzy factor by shaking them. Miranda stuck her fingers, one in each ear through her head gear, to help muffle the ringing from all of the echoing in the locker room.
“Good you can play! Let’s go up, the buzzer is about to sound!” Mrs. Peterson took Joan’s hand and led her away quickly. Joan turned back to the family and Miss Margrette with a bemused look about her. All of them just smiled in return glad that she that she had not been hurt.
In a line they exited the locker room, Miranda ahead of her father who was last. Miranda began to turn around to ask her father a question about the wallet when, not knowing her own size with the head brace on, hit the door frame. It rebounded off creating that telltale ringing sound and smacked her father in the fore head. They both fell to the floor. Miranda got up first regretful at hurting her father.
“Oh my God! I’m sorry dad! I’m so sorry!” She tried to help him up but the act of bending over caused her head brace to smack him on his nose. He fell to the floor seeing stars.

Back in the stands, Frank sat in the seat closest to the edge of the row. He made Miranda sit on the steps where there was plenty room for her head gear, away from him. He sported a bloody nose now and a large band aid on his fore head. Miranda sported a heavily bruised ego with wet eyes.



Chapter 19
Memories Only a Good Strike to the Head Will Produce


Joan ran back to the court. When she arrived the rest of the first string were assembled on the line awaiting Mrs. Peterson and her instructions. Joan had run up many seconds ahead of the coach and had to wait for a huffing and puffing coach. She arrived with the buzzer to start the game. Her players all looked to her for instructions but she was still bent over trying to find her breath again. Some of the players shook their heads like old elephants in a zoo. She waved her arms at them to go on to the court and prepare for the game buzzer.
Joan took a seat on the bench awaiting her turn to run in. As she sat she tried to maneuver the bandage on head covering her ear so that it was more comfortable. The screaming crowd certainly produced high enough decibels for her to hear their screams unhindered by the bandage surrounding her ear.
In the end she realized that it had been so securely attached that the, literal, run in with Reed did not cause it to stray a millimeter. But that caused her to think for a moment, fear rising in her throat. She hoped beyond all measure that the nurses didn’t use the same glue that kept her mouth closed on the bandage in her hair. Would that mean hair removal when the contraption came back off? She didn’t want to think about that right now.
Joan tried not to think about that unpleasant thought and focused on the game instead watching the Panthers closely. Concern started to set in as she noticed the Panthers trying to hit her team-mates hard while the referee’s had their heads turned. One huge player wasn’t so lucky when she ran into Lowes. One of referee’s noticed and blew his whistle. Lowes came crashing down to the floor hard. An injury time out was called. Mrs. Peterson went running out. Blithers stared at Joan and Joan caught her eye. Blithers made a gesture with her hand where she pointed to her eyes first with two fingers then to Joan afterwards suggesting that she had an eye on Joan. But Joan winked back with a wicked smile for her trouble. Blithers scowled at Joan before turning away.
Marshall turned to Joan and said very loudly, “Watch out for that one. I heard she ran over a player a couple games back and she’s still in the hospital.” Joan nodded indicating that she heard because she doubted that her lipped talking would be loud enough today.
Mrs. Peterson stood with Lowes cradled in her arm. They walked back to the bench. The crowd clapped. Lowes was clutching her gut. When Mrs. Peterson came close to the bench she shouted to the referee that Darcy was going in for Lowes. The buzzer went off and Darcy stood. She slapped all the hands on the bench before running to the foul line to take Lowes foul shots. In two quick shots they were up by two points.
Suddenly Joan’s stomach clenched and she ducked in time to miss a stray ball flying at her head. Blithers could still be seen in the stance of throwing a ball with all her might. Joan winked at her again before running up the take her position.
Lee took the throw in by Nobles and they started up the court. Joan ran ahead to avoid staying behind the center line when the ball eventually came to her for a shot. Joan’s stomach clenched again causing her to spin into a ducking position just avoiding Blithers body. Blithers had flown over Joan’s head from a diving position before crashing to the floor. When Joan stood back upright the ball easily fell into her hands. Like a well-oiled spring she bounded up and made the shot from there. In a long, hold your breath moment, the ball sailed through the air and flew through the hoop, no back board needed. The stadium rocked from all of Joan’s screaming fans.
Blithers watched the action from her crumpled stance on the floor. When the ball flew through the net she smashed both her fists on the floor in anger.
She stormed over to Joan who winked at her again. Blithers wanted to rage at Joan but the ball wasn’t in play. Incurring a foul when the ball was not in play could disqualify her from the game. She shouted at Joan instead. “We’re doing man on man coverage and I’m your man.”
Joan smiled and lipped, “I’m glad. I wouldn’t want to lose you along the way.” She winked again then ran off.
Blithers was becoming infuriated at the fact that Darcy wasn’t getting angry at her efforts to instill fear. Blithers ran to get into her position next to Joan.
On the Panthers team, Blithers held the position of center. She was taller than Joan and much more muscular. When Blithers ran down the court she took her position under the basket. The rest of each team jockeyed around to either pass the ball or toss it to Blithers. When Joan worked to push Blithers back and off guard it was like she was pushing into a brick wall.
A very tall girl dark skinned girl, on the Panthers side, called Tucker, had made herself trapped by Thomas and Coleman of the Chief’s. She was running out of time and she had to make a basket or to throw to someone else. She chose to throw to Blithers who had an arm reach higher then Darcy’s. She tossed it high over the arms of those covering her position. When the ball came down however Joan out jumped Blithers tall reach and stole the ball. She crouched down low so it couldn’t be knocked away. Blithers went in low with a punch to knock the ball away or to punch Joan like she had done several games back. Either way her plan failed. She punched the ball so hard that her fist flew back knocking her to the floor. Joan stood up straight and winked at her again before running away. Moments later another two points hit the board for the Chiefs.

Many minutes of play ensured with the Northern players being surprised at the easy with which the Chief’s had in freeing the ball so Darcy could shoot on goal. At the twelve minute mark the Chief’s were ahead by twenty four points. Mrs. Peterson waited for a Northern High basket to call for a change in the lineup. When it happened Marshwell, Osorio, and Cobbs, and ran in for Darcy, Lee, and Thomas. Nobles and Coleman both stayed in with Lowes remaining on the bench. Everyone took some water. Joan drank from her odd water bottle with the straw.
As Joan sucked on the straw, Reed came up behind her. “I need to talk to you.” He said as softly as he could. The shock of his voice behind her made Joan jump with a sudden jerk. Her water bottle fell onto the floor and she almost off the bench. “What are you doing here?” She lipped as loud as she could. Thomas turned around and pushed Reed to the floor with her foot. She stood up behind the bench to stand over him. “Get out of here if you know what’s good for you!” Thomas growled.

Miranda stood to watch the game. All the people in front of her were standing, and screaming, so she couldn’t see unless she stood too. Miss Margrette and her father were sitting and talking among themselves. Joan was on the bench at this point so they were taking this time to have a private conversation among the screaming throngs around them. Miranda saw Joan almost fall off the bench with Reed kneeling behind her. She turned to her father and leaned in to tell him that she was going to the bathroom. He quickly put his hands up to protect his face. Miranda made a sour face at him then sniggered “Very funny! I’m going to the bathroom.” Their heads nodded. She left. Frank turned back to Miss Margrette who was smiling, “I wasn’t trying to be funny, that rack is dangerous!”
Miranda negotiated her way around the stadium until she reached the benches of the Chief’s. A couple quick successions of baskets were made while she did this causing the crowds to cheer all around her. Arms and hands flew around her oversized head rack. She wished she could take it off. She felt useless with it on. When she arrived to Joan and Thomas she moved Thomas out of the way so she could lean in and talk to Reed.
“You can’t be here! Now go back to your seat!” Miranda shouted. Thomas yelled out afterwards, “I tried to tell him that too.”
Reed raised his hand in exasperation. “You don’t understand, I’m supposed to be here with my girlfriend! And I want to know what happened to your head?” Reed demanded as he turned to Joan. Thomas looked at Joan in that customary way that stated the wonder about her private life that others often did.
Joan put her hands over her face before turning to Reed. “I’m not your girlfriend!” She barked through closed teeth and wide lips. “I already have a boyfriend! Now go away!”
Reed shouted back to Joan. “But we were making out only days ago.” But something Joan said struck him. Reed looked horror-struck over to Miranda, “Surely you’re not going out with her brother!” He intimated that Miranda was nothing more than scum on the bottom of his feet by punctuating the word, “Still.” In an angry moment Reed barked out, “Oh my God! He’s such a looser!”
Anger flared within Miranda. She pushed Joan hard to get her out of the way so she could be right in front of Reed to give him the thorough thrashing he had coming when someone yelled out “Watch out!”

Blithers had got her hands on the ball and threw it with all her might at the back of Joan’s head while all three girls were arguing with Reed. Joan’s stomach clenched but Miranda was already pushing her out of the way. Joan slid down the bench when the ball came in. The ball hit the head rack attached to Miranda’s head. A resounding dong went off as the energy transferred through the aluminum assembly and forced it into Reed’s forehead. The sound could be heard through all the seating on that side of the court. Reed’s head kicked back then forward again. His eyes rolled up into his head before he fell to the floor unconscious. His head struck the floor with a sickening crack.
Miranda still rebounding from all the energy swung back then forward again which caused her to fall off the bench and land right on top of Reed. The top part of the rack fell onto Reed’s nose. When Miranda rolled off, Reed had been knocked out and his nose was bleeding copious amounts of blood down his cheek. Many eyes near-by expressed shock at what just happened.

Milton really wished he had attended the game now. It was an unbelievable match of might verses skill. Joan was leading the Chief’s to their first win in many years. Aside from the altercation of Reed showing up at the beginning, it was a really good game.
The shots from his girlfriend were so amazing he wanted to hug her and celebrate. But he had this... this thing hanging over him. He considered breaking up with her but after watching this game he was sure that his heart wasn’t ready for that yet. But he wasn’t sure what he was ready for either. That bothered him a lot. “Where do you go when you’re in between?”
In that moment of consideration he noticed a girl with a head rack walk around the edge of the court. In a second he knew it was Miranda. Milton leaned in to get a better view of Miranda walking around the courts edge. When the camera angle changed to follow Osorio dribble up the court Milton swore. The camera angle followed Osorio up the court. Milton wanted to see what his sister was up to. He went back to the DRV of the school presentation of the game and rewound it.
Milton watched, on the still mounted camera from the school, he could see Miranda trying to negotiate her way through a sea of hands on the court side. Miranda was seen working hard at being careful so her head rack wouldn’t hit anyone. When she got all the way around the court’s edge she stopped at the benches where the Chief’s sat.
He tried to focus on what was going on in the very poor image from the school’s cameras. He could clearly see Miranda interacting with someone but the person was in the seating area, or so he thought. The fans around the benches were all standing and shouting at the game commencing before them. He couldn’t see who Joan, Miranda, and Thomas were talking to until that person leaned forward to shout. Reed Alwaiss’ face popped into view.
A dagger stabbed Milton in the heart again. The idea of breaking up with Joan had flooded into his mind again. He couldn’t take anymore. But then Blithers took the ball away from her own player and threw it as hard as she could at the back of Joan’s head. From the high vantage point of the school’s camera Milton could see everything that was about to happen. The referee blew the whistle and waved his hands in the air to stop the game before pointing to the ball intentionally flying out into the seating area. Minton could see the ball flying in fast towards Joan’s head. He stood and shouted at the television. “Watch out!”
Milton didn’t see Joan being pushed out of the way. He only saw his sister moving in the path of the ball. When the ball hit the rack on Miranda’s head, the camera showed her fly forward off the bench into the crowd. The immediate crowd in front of her reacted to the incident occurring before them. Their shouting stopped with many hands moving over their faces to block the ugly scene before them.
The fast moving ball bounced off the rack before racing high into the air right above them. Miranda got back up but Milton never saw Reed show his face again.

The security guards ran in to see if any fans were hurt but all they found was Reed laying on the floor with Miranda leaning over him to see if was alright. Three Brown’s forced their way in and ushered Joan away back to the Locker room. Miranda never saw them leave. She was so mortified about the rack on her head hitting another person made her teary. She never shed so many tears about a piece of medical gear hurting others in her life.

Back in the locker room Joan paced back and forth. “I don’t need to be here again.” Joan shouted at the Brown’s blocking her escape back to the court. As usual they never said a word back to her.
Outside the door Mrs. Peterson was pounding on the door. “Let me in!” She shouted as she tried to get past the non-turning door knob.
Miss Margrette walked up and pushed Mrs. Peterson aside then knocked a special knock, two sharp rapt’s, two soft knocks, three fast knocks and a one rapt for the last one. The door opened immediately. Mrs. Peterson and Miss Margrette entered. “Who are you people?!” Mrs. demanded.
“I’m sorry but we can’t tell you.” Miss Margrette said sharply. She made a beeline toward Joan once pass the door. “Are you alright?”
Joan shouted out, through her wired shut jaw, in exasperation. “There’s nothing wrong with me. It’s him that’s got a problem.” Joan pointed to Reed Alwaiss sprawled out on a bench, his hands and feet were hanging off the edges, his tongue partially hanging out of his mouth. Miranda sat next to him, her eyes still wet.
“Oh my.” Miss Margrette said. “I guess we do have a problem. How much did you tell him?” Miss Margrette asked turning back to Joan. “I didn’t say anything. Can I go back up and play some ball now?” Joan voice now pleading.
Mrs. Peterson backed Joan’s comment. “Yes, can we go now?”
Miss Margrette waved her hand for them to leave. She walked over to Reed and Miranda. Her eyes fell on Miranda and her ridiculous head rack. “I thought you were going to the bathroom?”
“I was,” Miranda said goading a little white lie hoping Miss Margrette would see some truth in it, “Until I saw Reed trying to talk to Joan. I went to try and get him to leave.”
Miss Margrette looked down on her in a motherly kind of way seeing right through the attempt.

Back on the court, Mrs. Peterson stopped Joan before they arrived at the benches. “I want to know who those women are that are following you around. Are you in some kind of trouble?” Joan lipped, “I can’t tell you that. I’m here to play some ball, can I go now?” Joan had real anger in her voice now. Her face became red. She was angry at the meddling that the foundation forced onto her. Her face showed a terrible scowl like a mask over her beautiful face. Mrs. Peterson sized her up and then the buzzer blew for another foul. “Get back on the bench.” Mrs. Peterson shouted as she went court side to talk to the referee.
Once on the bench Joan noticed Lowes was looking anxious to go back in but Cobbs had just appeared off the court looking beaten up and holding her lip. “Their getting real rough out there because they aren’t winning.” Cobbs tried to say through her swollen cut lip.
Mrs. Peterson looked up at the board. Half time was almost upon them. Only fifty three seconds on the clock left and it was thirty nine to thirty four, Chief’s. They had lost a great deal of spread in points so that they were barely ahead now. Mrs. Peterson swore loudly. The referee blew the whistle for them to decide if Cobbs was staying in or not. “Lowes, go in for Cobbs!” Mrs. Peterson shouted. The announcer keyed up the microphone and announced the change. The crowd cheered.
Joan sat with her team mates. It seemed that since Reed had interfered the last time, attention switched from basketball to Joan’s love life. Four of the girls that sat on the bench were suddenly more interested in who Joan was kissing then to the game. She had to field questions about the comment Reed made when he announced to everyone, within ear shot, that he was Joan’s boyfriend and that he had a right to know what happened to Joan to get the injuries she was sporting bandages for.
Joan didn’t know what to say. If Reed was her real boyfriend then he should know what happened to get the injuries since she and Miranda had been out for many weeks for the supposed car accident. But if Reed was making up the fact that he was her boyfriend, that still didn’t answer how she looked today compared to when he kissed her last. Joan wanted to just die right where she sat, just as Lee asked in amazement “You kissed Reed?!” The half time buzzer went off.

In the Locker room Mrs. Peterson walked around the room pondering on what to say. Her face still held that unpleasant scowl. Reed was no longer in the locker room as was Miranda. Joan wondered where they went. At least she got to sidestep questions about her love life for a few minutes but she knew that in ten minutes they would come back anew and perhaps more question from the other players as well. In Joan’s heart she knew that questions about her love life were being postulated as though they were in gym class.
Joan’s heart wasn’t in the game anymore. Mrs. Peterson started on some monologue to lift the team’s spirits but the words were deaf on Joan’s one un-bandaged ear. All she could think about was how to answer the awkward questions once they were out the locker room door. She hoped that she would be asked to play immediately after the pep talk so she could avoid...
Mrs. Peterson shouted Joan’s name. “Darcy! Are you paying attention or are you focusing on your love live?!”
All eyes were on her now. She could feel the questions being written in her friend’s minds as they stared at her. Her skin burned with the flush that was rising up her neck. “Ha... Yes coach, I’m listening.” She lipped.
“Good because I’ve noticed a terrible trend building out there and you better be aware of it. Northern hasn’t lost a title game in four years and today they feel threatened by us. With Darcy’s crazy ability to hit those long shots they’re really worried. So the bad news is they are going to start treating the second half as though this is a hockey game. You’re all going to get hit hard and often. Now I’m sure you all noticed how big these girls are. Getting checked by one of them is going to hurt. And furthermore, checking one of them back isn’t a good option either. If you run into a wall, it usually doesn’t move, but when the wall falls on you, it will crush you. My advice is to avoid getting hit at all and try not to hit them on purpose. You’ll only get banged up until you can’t play anymore. And what good will do for us later in the fourth quarter? Remember the fast rule, keep running and pass often, you’ll be real tired but at least your parents will be able to walk proudly next to you when were done here today and not carry you out of the building.
All the players looked towards the floor to ponder the implications of walking home verses being carried when Mrs. Peterson started talking again. If that boy shows up again, Darcy’s so called boyfriend, I give you permission to pound him. We don’t need any more distractions!”
Joan Darcy felt a new blood rush to her face again. She took her water bottle and sucked on the straw portion where she discovered, distastefully, that it was full of hair and dust from falling on the floor earlier when Reed scared her. “Yuck! She lipped before spitting out dirt to the floor, spittle flying everywhere in the process.

The entire team left the locker room back up to the court when Mrs. Peterson was done with her pep talk. Cassandra snuck out of an obscure corner behind an odd locker arrangement that allowed her an easy place to hide.
She rubbed her hands greedily. “Reed was her boyfriend now was he...” Luckily she hung around long enough to hear about Reed. She knew how she was going to get Darcy all alone to kill her now. She knew what bait to use. The plan appeared easy as it unfolded in her mind. All she had to do was decide where it would happen.

Joan walked onto the court glad to be away from the bench and the awkward questions. Before the buzzer went off to signal the start of the second half Joan noticed that Blithers was sitting on the bench. She felt a little relieved that she didn’t have to look over her shoulder every second anymore. Taking up the position as center before the jump Joan tried to size up her opponent and her ability to jump to get the ball first. But she noticed how large the girl standing next to her was. Indeed, this person next to her couldn’t be a girl, she changed her mind to thinking she was gargantuan humanoid instead. The giantess was of dark skin with exceptionally black straight hair. Her purple uniform clashed with her skin violently. She had to be seven feet tall at least. Joan didn’t feel any fear about her but... “I better watch out where she comes down with those elbows instead of wondering if I’ll get the ball.” Joan worried to herself.
The buzzer sounded and the referee stood between Joan and the humanoid. Joan squatted preparing to jump, but she noticed that the humanoid stood stock still focusing on the ball instead of squatting to jump. The referee threw the ball up between them. The giant hand of the humanoid took the ball out of the air with one hand before Joan even jumped at all. In less than a second the ball was gone to another player. The over large Northern player looked down on Joan and smiled afterwards. “I’ve got my eye on you.” She said in a deep voice. Joan raised an eye brow at her.
Joan didn’t remember seeing this giant sitting on the bench earlier nor did she notice her playing in the first half. “Where did she come from?” Joan asked herself. Seconds later Northern High scored. No matter what was going on in her mind she needed to snap out of it. “Focus on the game.” She told herself.
Joan ran to her position at the half way point on the court. The super tall humanoid ran past her to the goal she needed to play center for. Her uniform had the name Tucker written on the back. Lee ran up to Joan on her way towards her position, slowing enough to voice her opinion on Tuckers size. “I remember Tucker being a much smaller person in the first half!”
“Me too!” Joan lipped back.

Joan waited for the ball to be knocked free to her current position. If not she was supposed to run and cover the center. Joan sighed at the thought of trying to cover someone as tall as the net itself. Seconds ticked, when it became clear the ball wasn’t going to come her way she ran in to cover the basket. As she ran in a toss was initiated towards Tuckers position. Joan turned on the speed to intercept. Joan jumped to knock the ball free from Tuckers hand. Tucker saw her jump. She easily caught the ball in one hand and dropped her elbow on top of Joan’s head before she made the shot to the backboard. Joan crumpled to the floor as though an anvil fell out of the sky and knocked her to the floor.
The crowd screamed out, some at having another two points on the board and the rest at the referee for not blowing his whistle at the blatant foul. Thomas ran up to Joan and helped her up. “Are you alright?”
“Yea, just watch out for that monster’s elbows.” Joan said as she rubbed her head. The ball was already in play. Lee dribbled the ball back down the court. She yelled at Joan to take her position.
Joan ran off to set up the play. When she arrived, she was all alone. She breathed a sigh of relief. Lee threw the ball hard at Joan, who caught it, and turned to make another an unbelievable shot on goal. But when she turned around she jumped into Tuckers open arms.
Tucker took the ball then ejected Joan to the waiting floor. Tucker passed it off then ran to take up her position under the hoop again. Joan sat on the floor wondering what had just happened.
Mrs. Peterson started yelling at Joan to get up. Joan nodded and went back into position. Blithers came in for Bennett. She also took her team mates guard position instead of her normal center position. They shared a moment of scowling and winking before they ran along to follow the ball.
The whole third quarter became about Tucker and her monstrous height. The Chief’s were falling behind quickly even though Joan contributed seven goals in five minutes. That didn’t count all the attempts Joan made where the ball had been knocked away or caught by Tucker jumping up under the basket. When the spread hit fourteen points Mrs. Peterson called a time out. She rotated out Lee, Darcy and Osorio out but not before telling the team her the new plan.
“I want you to start making shorter passes and no shooting on goal anymore. I want all layups if you can. If Tucker tries to stop you then they will start calling fouls because of her hitting you.” Nod’s all around were given in response to Mrs. Peterson’s new strategy before Joan and the other players took their seats.
Sure enough the fouls started coming. However the extra points came at a price. Several players were banged up pretty well. Marshwell was on the seat, out for the rest of the game because of a possible broken ankle and Coleman sported a brilliant black eye from an elbow.
When Joan had been rotated back in, she had been hit in the head so many times from pointy elbows because she tried to keep her form, to make the shot, often disregarding the player running at her. At times she felt as though she were a quarterback on some poorly defended football team. Mrs. Peterson began a quicker rotation of players so they could rest. Joan didn’t complain.
After Blithers third foul and Bennett’s fifth, which took her out of the game, the referee had a shouting match with the coach of the Northern High team holding his fist in the air in anger.
“I will not allow you conduct your players like this is some kind of hockey game! If you don’t clean up the game, I will eject the entire team and you will lose by forfeit!”
When the timer had counted down into the final five minutes into the game Mrs. Peterson rotated Lee, Darcy, and Osorio back into the game. Lowes came in looking more like Mrs. Peterson did when she ran. She was breathing so hard she had a hard time to find the bench. Thomas was holding her nose after finding the pointy elbows of Tucker again. And Nobles was holding her wrist. Darcy gazed at them all wondering what would happen if the game went into overtime. Joan looked up to the score board while the referee took the Panthers coach aside yet again to warn about the tackling, checking and over all wrestling when they were supposed to be playing basketball. The score was at 111, 97 to the Panthers.
In fact the game had been so rough that Tucker and Blithers, the biggest players on the Northern team, were not going to last until the end either. Their breathing became so ragged that they had to support themselves, resting their hands on their knees while they waited for the game to resume after their coach and the referee conversed loudly.
Joan stepped into the circle where the jump ball would take place. To her surprise she saw Tucker walk away, changing her position with Tyler. Finally Joan had someone her own size to jump against. Mrs. Peterson shouted something to Joan but she couldn’t hear her over the crowd. The referee tossed the ball and she jumped, outreaching Tyler easily. When she landed holding the ball she turned to toss it to Lee but turned into Tucker instead. Without knowing what happened she was on the floor. Blithers had run by and knocked her down. Tucker had the ball and was running to the basket in her tall gangly fashion. The referee, now accustomed to seeing players on the ground, never blew the whistle. After another basket for the Panthers Lee quickly took the ball in from Coleman and threw it hard as she shouted “Darcy!” The ball flew over all the players heads until it was at the half way point on the court. Joan had to run to catch it but she had a clear shot on goal from where she stood. Joan took a calming breath and took her normal position of preparing to release the ball by ducking down a little before jumping up to throw. When she came up to shoot Tucker was standing over her again. Joan didn’t release the ball but instead did a double pump maneuver before shooting.
Tuckers tall size did not lend her to handle a second pump for a jump very well. By the time Tucker reached up tall to stop the ball then followed Joan back down to follow her in her double pump maneuver. Joan had already been up, then down and on her way back up before Tucker even reached the bottom part of her stoke. Joan had a free and clear shot on goal. The shot timer buzzer rang out as the ball sailed through the net and the crowd went crazy.
Joan felt good about what happened. She now knew how to get around Tuckers size. She had to admit to herself that because of her ability to make far away shots, she had forgotten how to play man on man up close and personal. They only had twelve points to go to tie it up.
As luck would have it Blithers was not very good as a guard. As long as Tucker played center, Blithers would have to be shunted to a position she didn’t play often. She kept crashing into players, including her own. This left Joan open as she started to hang around where Blithers positioned herself on the court. Points were starting to go up on the board now. Double pumping every shot turned the game around for the Chief’s and Joan. It almost became fun again.
At the two minute mark the points read as such, 116 to 115 Panthers. The Panthers coach called a time out to discuss tactics. When Mrs. Peterson greeted her team running up she jumped up and down exuberantly.
“Don’t change a thing!” She shouted over the roar of the crowd. “We need only one basket to win. We have the ball. Run the clock then pass it over to Darcy. Darcy I want you to be open all the time. Work it out, find a way, make the shot!”
Mrs. Peterson thrust her hand out for all the girls to put their hands upon. The girls did so with excitement in their eyes. She shouted “Winners!” A chorus of shouts followed, “Winners!”
Joan ran back onto the court. They waited for the Panthers to finish their time out. When the shouts of “Panthers” could be heard at the end of their huddle the referee held out the ball out to Cobbs waiting for the players to be ready on the court. When he blew his whistle Cobbs tossed the ball to Lee.
Lee took her time walking up the court waiting for some resistance from the other team so she could toss it away. Joan hung back to ready for a long shot, a double pump in the chamber ready to use. When Lee reached the center line, a Panthers player ran at her. She tossed it away to Cobbs who threw the ball immediately to Coleman. Osorio ran across Coleman’s path and took the short pass then dribbled towards the basket. They couldn’t hold the ball for two minutes straight. Joan waited for the pass from Osorio. Osorio turned to make the shot behind her, back to Joan, but she was fiscally tackled by Cotton. They both went down knocking the ball free.
Blithers picked it from the floor and ran uncontested to the other side of the center line. She shot on basket with one arm as hard as she could before the whistle blew for a foul. The ball flew high in the air and hit the rim and the backboard in an awkward fashion, almost running out of steam. It teetered for a second on the rim before Tucker ran up and tipped it in.
The stadium went wild. It was a clumsy attempt to imitated Joan’s crazy shots but they did get a goal out of it and the referee didn’t take the points away. The referee instead called a foul against Cotton. As time moved forward and the referee didn’t take back the three points for Northern High half the stadium booed.
Moments later the announcer came on to say that Cotton had just received her fifth foul and was now out of the game. Roundson ran in to take her place. Not wasting any time the Panthers ran up against the foul line waiting for the other players from the Chief’s to catch up. Tucker towered over all the players.
Osorio wobbled to the foul shot line still disoriented from the hit. When she made her first shot it went wide. There were a lot of disappointed fans. Some, who had an idea of how the rest of the game was to play out, started down the steps to leave.
Joan looked around. This couldn’t be happening. It wasn’t fair! The points shouldn’t have counted including most of the illegal hits during the game. And Tucker wasn’t the same player as the one from the first half of the game. Maybe it would be only be disputed if they won, otherwise it was game on and the hell with the players on the other team. Joan was getting mad.
Osorio took her second shot carefully and it went in. Now the score elevated to 119 to 116. Joan’s heart sunk. Two baskets to win or one long shot to tie and start into overtime. She looked out on her teammates defeated and injured condition. Mrs. Peterson was about to have heart failure. Her face was all red from the stress. She was shouting to indiscriminate people on her team but Joan didn’t see who she was speaking to or hear what she was saying. The Panthers were all smiling and happy with themselves. It was like they knew the Chief’s were defeated in moral, the key to winning any game.
Joan saw Lee waiting to receive the ball from Osorio from the side lines. Osorio was waiting for the Referee to blow the whistle. Joan waved wildly getting her attention then ran to another position closer to her. The whistle blew. Joan shifted her position again back to where she started. The ball sailed over the heads of Tucker and Blithers right into Joan’s hands. Joan dribbled up the court as though she were personally taught from a Harlem Globe Trotter. Over, around, through her legs while spinning weaving and side stepping her way closer to the basket. Mrs. Peterson was screaming her fool head off to have Joan shoot from where she stood knowing that she could make it easily but Joan fought her way closer to the basket. A lot of the Panther’s players were setting up for a long shot from Joan so they were not as close to the basket as they should have been. Willowbrook, from the Panthers, followed Joan to the basket on a more direct route as she wasn’t actively being intercepted. Willowbrook arrived to the basket a millisecond ahead of Joan.
When Joan got under the basket she made a layup that would have made the pro’s shout out in excitement. She leapt off her left foot, the ball reaching up with her right hand and Willowbrook already above Joan in her leap to intercept the ball. Joan spun purposefully to the left checking Willowbrook on her way up. When Willowbrook’s hand came down to knock the ball away, Joan easily changed hands mid rotation causing Willowbrook’s hand to miss the ball altogether. Joan shot the ball against the backboard, mid spin, where it rebounded off and into the basket.
The roof of the stadium shook from the noise from the fans. Everyone was screaming. The whistle from the referee’s couldn’t be heard. Those who were making their way to the exits stopped to watch what they missed.
“Only two more points to win!” Joan jumped and shouted through her clenched teeth to her team mates. She looked up to the clock. Forty seven seconds left and the Panthers had the ball. The Panthers were using their last time out. Everyone on the Chief’s was using the time to congratulate Joan. Mrs. Peterson was shouting but no one was listening. They took their positions. Flores threw the ball in to Roundson who began to take her time up the court trying to kill time. Joan took a chance and ran in to steal the ball but Roundson didn’t run away, the clock wasn’t close enough to the end of the game and for her to shoot. Roundson needed to pass. She turned with the ball to pass but Joan was blocking her shot or so she thought. Roundson didn’t look for an open player she just stared at Joan and smiled.
When Roundson said “You want it, you can have it” Joan was confused but only for a second. Roundson turned quickly to someone over Joan shoulder, Joan assumed it was the pass receiver and moved towards that direction for the block, but when the ball did get thrown her stomach clenched. Everything slowed down.
Joan’s arms were spread out to knock the ball away from Roundson’s shot but her hands didn’t go in the direction her stare meant to reveal. She threw the ball right into Joan’s face instead. She couldn’t do anything to stop it, her hands were too far away for the fake pass and she was to close too Roundson to make changes in her position. The ball hit her full in the face and it made that terrible sound, part like a bell and part “Ping” before it bounced off. Joan fell over backwards to the floor. She hit the back of her head which made a loud crack. Lights popped in her eyes from the strike. Things started to move forward again in real time and the pain enveloped her.
A whistle blew loudly close by. Moments later there were many faces over her again. The referee was asking her if she was alright. Mrs. Peterson ran up and pushed the referee gruffly aside to the floor. He fell at an odd angle, his arms spayed out to catch himself. A sudden collective gasp preceded an unnatural silence in the stadium. Joan’s team mates ran in too. There were many faces over her all asking the same thing. “Are you alright?” Joan sat up wanting to see where Roundson had got to. A need for vengeance flared inside her.
Blood gushed out of her nose. Her mouth was all wet with blood too, she could taste it. The wires in her mouth that were glued to her teeth, for her faux injury, had cut into her lips. Thomas ran in with a towel to wipe Joan’s face. Joan took it and a water bottle someone else handed to her. She wiped it up as best as she could. She wanted to hit Roundson badly but Mrs. Peterson was walking Joan off the court. She told a different referee that she wanted to use her last time out.
Joan sat on the bench. Several Brown’s showed up and surrounded the back side of the benched. Every time a towel was used to wipe Joan’s blood soaked face one of them took it away and provided a fresh one to use. No one seemed to notice. Their attention was on focused on Joan.
“You’re done for the game.” Mrs. Peterson said with tears in her eyes. I want you to go in and make your foul shot then you’re out. We will...”
Joan became excited. ”I have foul shots! I can make the two and we can win the game!” She spit out blood in a new towel.
Mrs. Peterson shook her head. “No you only get one. It’s a technical foul not a personal one.” Joan’s eyes said everything, everything that persisted in her team mates hearts as well. If she hit the shot, and she would, then there would be overtime and another fifteen minutes of play. She looked into all the eyes of her mostly defeated team, they were hurt, some badly, morally destroyed and over worked to the point of exhaustion. Fifteen minutes more of play would not provide a better opportunity to win. Rather, it would mean an extension towards an undeniable defeat at the hands of stronger and bigger players.
“I still have strength, I can feel it. I can play for hours. But I’m not a team of one. If there was another bad injury then the entire rest of the team would fall apart and they would lose for sure. I played today to lift the Central High School team to a victory because I could do it. Not for myself but for Lee, Lowels, Thomas, Nobles, Cobbs, Coleman, Marshwell, and Osorio. They were a great team before I started at Central. It’s not their fault that the Panthers were cheaters replacing Tucker with another girl at half time.”
Joan made a decision to herself. She stood up to face Mrs. Peterson. She wiped her face again taking away not only blood but indecision, loss, defeat, and the feeling of utter embarrassment and replaced it with a bold desire for triumph to rise above the position handed to them with fire in her eyes. “I will go in and tie the game. We have the ball next. I have an idea that will make the last basket to win the game.”
Joan bowed her head so people couldn’t read her lips but she still had to shout over the screaming fans. The other players followed her lead into the huddle. Moments later all hands were slapped together with shouts of “Winners” being shouted for all to hear.
The Chief’s took their position on the court so Joan could make her one foul shot. Joan could have done it blind folded. Without dribbling or even aiming, she took the ball from the referee and threw the ball. As expected the game became tied.
The Chief’s then ran to take their positions on the court and began the last play of the game. Joan took up her normal position at the half court line. All of them bore the evidence of a secret plan waiting to be exercised with a very large smile. The Panthers starter to yell at each other to take up positions not normally held. Without question the shouts prompted the Panthers to run to new positions. Lee stood outside the court’s boundary holding the ball waiting to be told to start the game. The other Chief’s players were running to maintain their man on man cover which meant that there was a lot of running around to be open.
The referee blew his whistle. Lee looked up to the clock. They only had one shot to win the game before the fourth quarter ended in 13 seconds and start overtime. Lee faked shooting to one part of the court where Joan stood covered by two people now and tossed it high over a few of the Panther’s player’s heads. The ball fell into Coleman’s open hands and she started up the court unchallenged. It almost looked like she was going to make it all the way to the basket before someone dived to tackle her. They missed but Coleman tossed the ball back up the court away from the basket to Lee who was still unguarded running to find her proper position to shoot from.
Joan held her position not even trying to get open. She stood still, almost bored with the proceedings. When it looked like Joan wasn’t just the focal point anymore and the other members of the Chief’s were going to be under the basket, the two Panthers guarding her ran off to attack the Chief’s with the ball.
Lee was getting very close to the basket now. Before she reached the foul shot line she stopped and immediately threw the ball hard behind her to Osorio who re-shot to the now open Joan. No one was guarding Joan now. The screaming in the stadium had reached a crescendo now. The bolts holding the roof on were being stretched to its limits. How much more screaming would it take to blast it off?
Joan prepared for the shot. She was all alone staring at the basket. Members of the Panthers were running back to her now as fast as they could. She waited to see the whites of their eyes before she took the shot. Sweat poured off their faces. The announcer could be heard shouting into the microphone.
“After a grueling game of hard hitting basketball that resembled more hockey then basketball, Joan Darcy is setting up for perhaps the last shot of the game. Can she make such a long shot and hit the basket? Will the Chief’s finally knock out the Panthers off...”
Joan jumped into the air and released the ball. Blithers dove to tackle her but it was too late. Joan had already started to release the ball from her fingertips. Flashes from cameras all across the stadium lit the arena. They were staggered in a succession that made reality feel like it had slowed down for everyone watching. The exercise of releasing the ball looked like a slow, stop motion, film strip running at a very slow speed that it wasn’t intended to do. Joan’s stomach clenched.
The ball spun off Joan’s finger tips and it rose high into the air. Blithers face filled Joan’s view, it was angry. She was screaming an epithet undecipherable over the crowds din. Her ugly yellow teeth were bared ready to bite. She looked like a tiger instead of a Panther. Blithers tackled Joan to the floor. Joan hit the back of her head hard against the floor with a very loud crack and everything went dark.

Joan stood looking out the window onto the grounds beyond the castle grounds. She felt young and old at the same time. Not the kind of old that made one elderly but where one had experience and time under ones belt. She was in a familiar place watching a familiar scene. It was old to, perhaps an old movie about medieval times.
The leading edge of an army came into view beyond the forest. A lone man at the forefront carried a standard. Its banner was emblazoned with the colors for the Catholic Church. Hundreds of men came into view then thousands. All were marching towards the castle.
Villagers were running for their lives. René ran up to the window to see what Joan was doing. He looked out the window impassively to what was going on. He turned to his head to Joan and said excitedly, “Je vais trouver le père et voir ce qui se passe.” “I’m going to find father and see what’s going on.”
René ran off. Joan had a feeling at what was going on. She was fearful but not in the traditional sense. She was afraid of what would happen to René instead of herself. Deep down she knew that her feelings were from the older part of her psyche rather than her younger self. She could even recognize that she had visited this scene several times before.
Joan turned to give chase. They ran through the castle. Servants were running with precious art of every kind to bring them to the lowest part of the castle to protect them. Some of the women were outwardly crying as they performed this task. Some of them yelled, “Joan, run and hide.” Others wanted her to follow them down to the safety of the dungeon where the art was to be hidden.
René wove through the running servants. Joan tried to follow but she ran head long into her father. He grabbed her fore arm and shook her. He showed outward anger at her and René’s fun jaunt through the castle. But the older Joan could see that it was fear, not anger, that her father expressed in copious amounts, fear so great that it could only mean that the end of the world was upon them.
Joan could see René stopped behind them watching intently as his father yelled at Joan, a terrified look on his face, tears starting to fill his eyes. Sir Epheron shouted.
“Je veux que tu trouves ton frère. Allex là où le cercueil est caché. Prenez votre et le cercueil et de courir vers l’abbaye. Attendez jusqu’à ce que vienne...” “I want you to find your brother. Go to where the casket is hidden. Take your brother and the casket and run to the Abby. Wait there until I come and...”
An explosion shook the castle. Sir Epheron’s head turned away towards the screaming sounds. When he was sure it was minor he turned back. He pushed Joan away and shouted. “Find René and the casket and go!”
An image of where the casket was hidden appeared in her mind. She knew where it was all along. It was silly to think that she couldn’t remember where she and her father had stole away to that special room, next to the six torches, where her father had built the casket. She sat on a bench and watched him work in a narrow room he called the secret workshop, “atelier secréte.”
Joan turned away. She was scared to death now. Find René, grab the casket, run to the Abby, and wait for father to find them. She repeated it in her mind as though it were too long a list to remember easily. But her father never shouted at her before. He never showed so much fear before either. Joan was genuinely scared now, not only as the child within but as the older person that hid beneath her psyche.
Joan ran to where René was moments ago but now had gone. Joan became frantic. Where would he go? She ran as fast as she could go to every room in the castle. When she ran to the elegant staircase to searchthe upstairs bedrooms she found René sitting on a step half way up looking out the tall window on the advancing army. He was crying. Part of the outer castle was burning, people were screaming below and cannons were being set up to point at the wall where René sat. Joan ran to his side. She looked out on the image that transfixed René. “We need to go. Father said to go to the Abby and wait for him there.”
René didn’t move. He was transfixed on what the army was doing. Joan took his hand to drag him away. René pulled it free. He started up the stairs to find the security of his bedroom. Joan reached out to his hand and repeated what she needed to do. “Father said we need to meet him in the Abby. We need to go!”
“If you don’t come down with me now I will slap you!” Joan shouted to René hoping to scare him into moving in the right direction down the stairs. For a moment she thought she had done so because he was moving towards her, but he stopped. He reached out his hand to take Joan’s but there was a terrible explosion outside. They both looked out the window to see where the explosion came from, that’s when they saw a cannon ball flying towards the window. Time slowed, Joan couldn’t move but she was aware of what was about to happen. She turned her face away a hundredth of a second before the wall exploded next to them. The stairway collapsed beneath their feet. They fell and fell, the feeling of falling never ending. Joan screamed and screamed, time stretched on and on... Falling, forever falling…
Blackness engulfed Joan entirely, not just though her mind’s eye. Her heart went black too.



This is the end of Book 2, Part 1
Watch for the exciting conclusion of Joan Darcy & the 27 Observer, In the Eye of the Beholder, Book 2, Part 2 coming soon.
To contact the author got to 
toscribble1@gmail.com



Thank you for reading this title by Patrick Meservier. Watch for books 3,4, and 5 in the near future. Book 1 is currently available on, 

Amazom.com
Smashwords.com
iTunes.com

and other e-book companies around the world.


