EVERSUMMER:
THE FORERUNNER ARCHIVES
BOOK 1
☯
a novel by

J. Rock




This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, and events portrayed in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Copyright 2015 by J. Rock

All art/graphics by J. Rock

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to amazon.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 


Other works by J. Rock, available at all online ebook retailers:

Dinosauria Part I: A Memory of Time (Free)
Dinosauria Volume I (also available in serial format)
Dinosauria Volume II (also available in serial format)
Dinosauria Volume III (also available in serial format)
The Death Clock (Free)
Ex Machina (Free)




This one’s for Jude.




Contents
Prologue: The Box
Part I: Eversummer
Part II: The South

About the Author




PROLOGUE: THE BOX


I often dream that I’m the last human alive.
The dream seems to come when the winds are blowing from the north, where it is said the Great Poison took root, making natural things unnatural and a mockery of creation. I don’t know if I believe it; I’ve seen one of the very few maps of this side of the world in my Father’s study, and to the north there is nothing but water. A vast black ocean. The south is much the same. How could the Poison come from the sea? 
We live in the province of Eversummer on the world’s only continent–a craggy strip of land that circles the globe at the equator. Eversummer is on a northern sea bound peninsula and our city, Krakelyn, is at its tip. My Father’s map shows all the known cities on this side of the world–there aren’t many–and all the zones that are habitable.
There aren’t many of those either. 
In my dream, I’m traversing the barren streets of some unnamable city. It’s not Krakelyn, but it always looks the same: two-story, wood framed buildings, thatched roofs, stucco walls. I’m searching for somebody. Anybody. I call out and I scream and I yell, but no one comes. I know it shouldn't be possible, but it is. 
The world is empty and I’m the only one left. 
I'm the last human.
It’s then that I see the footprints, starting out of nowhere in the middle of the street and defining a path through blizzarding snow that goes on forever. Funny, I almost forgot to mention the snow. You’d think I wouldn’t let something as important as that slip my mind. After all, I’ve never seen snow before. In real life, I mean. There’s a reason they call our province Eversummer; it's the same reason we call the other side of the world Everwinter. 
It doesn’t snow here. Ever.
I don’t even know what snow is really. My Father says it’s a form of solid water, but I can’t wrap my head around the concept. We don't get snow in Eversummer because the sun never leaves the sky, making the land and air too warm. But my Father, he says that as you get closer to the other side of the world, the sun begins to slip below the horizon then disappears altogether, taking the light of the world with it, leaving only dark, and cold, and snow.
And mutants.
I know it sounds crazy, but it’s been documented. Verified.
But I'm getting off track here. 
In the dream, I follow the footprints through the snow and they terminate at a house at the end of an alley. I step up and knock on the door but, as I do, I hear all the other doors in the alley opening at once. Suddenly, I’m no longer alone in the world, and the twisted, frightening people that shamble out of the houses all tell me the same thing.
They whisper it.
Summer is ending...


“Oh, there’s always rumors going around like that,” Jude blurts, giving me a raised eyebrow kind of look. “My Mom says summer was supposed to end when she was a kid too.”
I shrug nonchalantly, then narrow my blue-gray eyes at him and say, “So that was at least a century ago, right?”
Jude moves toward me, matching my grin. Then he raises his right hand to my face and, to my surprise, pinches my lips shut. ​​​“Do me a favor, and just shut up, okay, Juno?”
I shove him away playfully, his fingers ripping away from my mouth, the sensation akin to sandpaper and fire. “Fine, cry baby,” I say, using my still burning lips to steal a quick peck from his cheek. I change the subject. “What do you think we’ll find today?” I ask the question, despite already knowing his response.
Jude smirks deliberately, unsurprised by the change in topic. “I dunno. Maybe one of those fancy flying carriages that are in all the stories. Or maybe a whatayacallit? A synthetic brain.”
“You mean a cumpewter,” I correct him. “That’s what my Father says they’re called.”
Jude scowls. “How would he know? Unless he’s a thousand years old, he wasn’t around to see ‘em, Juno.”
It’s my turn to scowl. “They’re just stories, Jude.”
He stops abruptly on the trail we’re following. We call it Woody Trail, but only because we aren’t clever enough to come up with something better. Tall, leafy whitewoods, and broad thick sentinel pines line the way before us. Jude has stopped at the bottom of the last rise before the beach–our destination–but the look on his face suggests he’s in no hurry to get there. 
He says: “Then where did they come from, Juno? The stories, I mean. Why do we come down here every day if the stories aren’t real?”
I shrug at him and make my tone formal, mocking my Father’s: “Why do we get up in the morning? Hope. There’s always the hope that they might be real. It’s the hope that we might find something to give us a better life, to lead us to salvation.” I pause, seeing the unimpressed look on Jude's cherubic face. I just smile and continue. "But we won’t. We all know that the Forerunners were real; the same as we know that the sun will never leave the sky. But the Forerunners had their time, and they perished. They left behind some wonderful things, but we shouldn’t be quick to embrace them. As the saying goes: The ways of the Forerunners..."
"...are the ways of death,” Jude finishes for me.
“Right,” I smile as I take his hand in mine, feeling his trepidation as I lead him up the rise. He hesitates for a moment, but then I finally feel him squeezing my fingers gently.
“Too bad you don’t believe it though,” he says, moving as I pull him along.
I turn a smirk back on him. “Sounds convincing though, right?”
He shrugs. “It’s fooled your Father, so far.”
“I know. It’s almost too good. If he found out that we actually keep some of the stuff we find...”
“Whataya mean we?” Jude replies with a foolish grin.
“I mean that if I get caught, I’m taking you down with me.” I wink at him.
“Oh, thanks. You’re such a good friend, Juno Quinn.”
“I know,” I reply as we breast the top of the hill. The beach comes into view and, though I’d like to tell you it took my breath away, that wouldn’t be true. The fact is: I'm sick of that view. I’d been tasked by my Father, almost a year ago now, to come down to this hidden cove every day after work. A group of adventurous Krakelyn boys discovered the place and the treasures it contained, reporting it to my Father. Big mistake on their part.
I would’ve kept it a secret. 
This is mine and Jude’s special place; a place we can duck the rigors of our home lives and just be together. Jude and I are the only ones allowed down here. It was only me, at first, but then I finally convinced (okay, begged) my old man to let Jude join me. We're always alone down here, in practice, but of course, there's always the chance of being spied upon by my Father’s men. The Deacons. We rarely actually see them but, every once in a while, we get a feeling; I guess you’d call it. We know when they’re watching us. That’s why whenever we take something from the beach, we do it discreetly, scouting the area before sneaking back with our treasure in tow.
Gifts from the Forerunners.
“So, what do you think the dream means?” Jude asks, this time leading me on as we descend the slope to the beach. Cool, pale sand engulfs my toes as I sink into it, my leather sandals providing zero cover. 
Not that I mind.
“How should I know?” I reply. “It’s just a dream.”
“Ha! There’s the understatement of the century!” Jude bellows. “Just a dream? Conveniently you leave out the tendency for your dreams to come true!”
“No, they don’t!” I say with just a hint of annoyance. “That’s only happened, well, twice I guess. But those were just coincidences!”
Jude glares at me with his earthy brown eyes. “Was it coincidence that brought you to my house that morning and begged me not to go to work?” Not knowing what to say I just shrug, feeling stupid. “And was it a coincidence that there was a cave-in at the pit that day?” he finishes.
“You’re welcome,” I snipe at him, but only because I know he’s right.
“You know what I mean, Juno. You came to me that morning all in hysterics, telling me you had a bad feeling... From a dream! And I believed you, thank the gods!” I smile at that. It's one of the reasons I like Jude so much; he's always on my side, no matter what kind of craziness I may be spouting. He has my back like no other. He says: “An incident like that happening one time, well, yeah, it could be a coincidence. But twice? That’s more like something akin to a...”
“A mutant?” I finish for him, my indignation coming back ten-fold. Jude just nods his head. I grumble, “Why do you think we’ve never told anyone about it. Right?”
Jude frowns. “Of course not! Don’t worry, Juno, I’ve never told anyone about your prophetic dreams. And I don’t think you’re a mutant. I don’t think it has anything to do with a mutation–”
“Good,” I interrupt, lowering my voice to the best approximation of my Father’s: “Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live!”
Jude keeps talking as if I’d never cut him off: “I think it’s something else. Like a gift or something.”
I'm thrown off. “A gift? You mean, like from the gods?” I never took Jude to be the religious type, though I suppose we’ve never broached the topic much.
“Well, if you want to put it that way. Yeah, I guess. I mean, not in the dogmatic sense your Father believes in the gods, but there has to be something else out there besides us, Juno.”
“There is something,” I say, but I’m not looking at Jude. 
I’ve stopped on the sand about ten feet from the high tide line. Jude follows suit, following my gaze. My heart is pounding a snare roll in my chest, the adrenaline heightening all my senses. I’m staring down the beach–way down the beach–because there’s something washed up on the shore. I can just make it out because it causes an irregular splash where the waves catch it.
“What is it?” Jude asks in a whisper.
“I... I dunno,” I say, hardly louder. We’re both frozen, daring not to move. What if it’s something good? What if it's something from the stories, like a cumpewter or an electric compass? Every history I’ve ever heard of the Forerunners flies through my brain in the intervening seconds. Every glorious, magical device that they were supposed to have created. And then my Father’s voice intercedes, overtaking the images: “They were so great, and yet, they failed. So utter and complete was their downfall that we have but fragments of their history and artifacts. The mutants of Everwinter are their creation, and because we are their ancestors we must continue to atone for their sins. We must keep the stock pure and never suffer a mutant to live, until the day comes when all lines are pure and the gods have forgiven us.”
By now, Jude and I are moving down the beach, though I hardly notice over my Father’s invasion of my psyche. The object is beginning to resolve itself into a square shape, and my mind automatically begins to compare it to other objects we’ve found on this beach: small, strange, humanoid sculptures made of a hard yet pliable material; torn and rusted metal sheets of a type unknown to anyone in Krakelyn; peculiar garments, emblazoned with unreadable symbology and fashioned of indefinite materials. 
Mundane things, really. 
Those kinds of things were sent to my Father’s men for processing and, if deemed safe, put up for auction. Those kinds of things Jude and I rarely kept for ourselves. But there were other things too. Scary and dangerous things, according to my Father. Things that were never meant to be discovered and had to be destroyed immediately. Whenever we found something like that, and we wanted to keep it, well, we had to be careful. Coveting objects of the Forerunners is considered a blasphemy.
The first thing I coveted was a book. 
Yeah, just a plain old boring book. 
Except that it wasn’t boring. I found it in a sealed container and the pages were perfect, smooth and glossy like glass. It contained pictures–hundreds of them–of strange and exotic cities of metal and crystal and fantastic conveyances. Cities of the Forerunners. There was text, but I couldn’t understand it. Every image took my breath away, every page a study in wonder and imagination. The people in it looked no different than my fellow citizens of Krakelyn! I looked at those pictures and I knew my Father was right about it having to be destroyed. If the people of Krakelyn saw those pictures, there’d be no telling what would happen. We were always told that the Forerunners were terrible. But from the pictures I saw, I just couldn’t believe that a people capable of building cities so fantastic, so wonderful, could be capable of destroying themselves. It didn’t seem fair to me. But I couldn’t let my Father know that.
I burned the book myself.
Since then, I’ve never found anything nearly half as wonderful as that book. But I have kept some things. We don't know what they are half the time, and I doubt my Father does either. In the beginning, we'd take every object we found before him for inspection and judgment, destruction or auction. This didn’t bother me so much, at first, until I found something truly interesting: a curious reflective surface set into an ornate gold frame. And I could see myself in it! Jude was equally stunned at the find. Of course, we’d seen our reflections before, in water buckets or windows or even chrome metalwork, but never this clearly, never this defined. It was like stepping out of my body and looking directly at myself. This reflecting glass was special, and I knew I had to petition my Father to keep it safe, to share its wonder with others. When I watched him grind it to dust beneath his boot heels less than an hour later, I knew I couldn’t let it happen again. 
A week later, Jude and I smuggled home our first artifact: the book. My Father’s plan had blown up in his face. Did I mention why my Father gave me this job? My fascination with the Forerunners had him fretting over his only daughter blaspheming, and so when the beach was discovered, he thought that spending time around the desecrated objects of my fallen idols would help me see the light, so to speak. The ways of the Forerunners are the ways of death, remember?
Too bad it didn’t work, because...
Jude and I are running down the beach at a full gallop, racing toward the unknown object, our sandaled feet slapping against the hard packed sand near the water’s edge. The cool wind blows against the shaved sides of my head, my short red hair flailing like whips over the exposed skin. We’ve done this race a thousand times before; it’s become a sort of game whenever we spot an object on the beach. 
First one there wins. 
Jude is just slightly ahead of me. I can catch him up, if I really want to, but I might need that extra burst of energy at the end. Jude suddenly slips his sandals off midstride and, unencumbered, begins to pull away. I curse and he turns his head back at me, laughing, knowing his victory is inevitable. He turns back around and–
And slams to a dead stop on the sand.
I sear past him, turning my confusion laden face on his, seeing an expression of pure fear there. 
“JUNO! STOP!” he shouts.
And I do. Sort of.
Just in time, I turn back around and see the object, a metal cube, on the sand about three feet ahead of me. I leap over it, coming down daintily on the other side, tip toeing to a stop and whirling on the spot. Jude is on the other side and he’s staring downward, but not at the metal box. It’s what’s around the box, pressed into the golden beach sand, that has him stunned. 
It’s what caused him to stop the race. 
I follow his gaze and see them too: footprints, leading away from the object, up the beach into the woods towards Krakelyn.
And each footprint has six toes.
“Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live,” my Father’s voice echoes in the recesses of my mind.




PART I: EVERSUMMER


1.

Going about my day, acting as if nothing of significance had occurred the day before, proves to be the challenge of my life. As always, I leave the Manse and make my way toward the Glass Gardens an hour before my shift starts at the sixth hour. The sunvisor from my bedroom window fell out and broke two days ago, and so I’d barely slept with the sun’s constant glare in my room. I'd only had a few thin sheets to hang up as a replacement. Adrenaline, mixed with fear from the day before, still lingers, but I'm groggy as hells. 
The streets of Krakelyn are a foggy blur as I walk, all my attention focused on getting one thing: my morning cup of coffee. Coffee is a relatively new thing in Krakelyn, imported from one of the southern cities. It was hard to get (and expensive as hells) for years, but then a new passage through the southern Bleaklands was discovered that was both passable and breathable; a rare combination. Coffee started to flow more readily into Krakelyn. I was hooked instantly, finding I had trouble starting my day without it. My Father likes it too–another rare occurrence–considering he tends to be wary of new things. He always has to know exactly where something comes from; to be sure no mutant had a hand in its creation. 
But he was the one who led the expedition that discovered the new passage through the southern desert, and had been to the cities where the coffee comes from, so he knows that it's safe to drink. He tells me it grows on a vine, like a bean, but the idea seems funny to me. Not that it matters. I just thank the gods everyday that my Father and his Deacons found that passage–and by sheer dumb luck to boot. 
They'd been trying to locate a rumored land bridge across the Great Desert Canyon, finding themselves in a low lying area with little air to breathe. There are many such places in our world. We call them Bleaklands. My Father says they are a result of the Great Cataclysm that brought the Forerunners to their ultimate destruction. It was to such a place my Father led his caravan. When the men and their horses began to black out from lack of oxygen, he called a retreat. But they were waylaid by a vicious storm, forced to seek shelter inside the canyon itself. The next days found them following the dry riverbed at the canyon’s bottom, their way out washed away by the storm. They emerged near Apollyon, a southern port city, nearly a week later. So uncharted are the Bleaklands that no one knew that the canyon could be followed in such a way before! It’s not exactly easy to map out places you can’t breathe in!
“Morning, Juno!” a breathless voice calls to me, breaking my reverie. I blink my eyes and force them to focus on the approaching form of Rayanne Nedaris, a girl I’ve known my whole life. I guess you could say that we’re friends, though we kinda run in different circles. But ever since she got on at the Glass Gardens a year ago, we’ve been kinda forced together.
I meet Ray’s russet eyes, noticing that she's had her hair undercut like mine. I smile. “Morning.” I look down and see two wooden cups of simmering coffee in her plump digits. Since when did Ray drink coffee? She’s sweating too. Did she run here?
“I got you a coffee!” Rayanne blurts, thrusting one of the steaming cups of liquid into my chest, droplets scorching me as it sloshes. I don’t want to take it–there’s no way she’s mixed it right. But it’s then that I realize I’ve forgotten my cup at home and will either have to go back and get it, or buy a new one at the coffee shop.
“Thanks, Rayanne,” I say, taking the cup, “but I’m in a bit of a hurry. I’ll see you at work.” I push past the plump girl and steal down an alleyway. 
I can hear Ray’s voice echoing after me: “Okay, see you at work!” Without looking back, I dump the coffee before I make it to the other end of the alley, coming out on Mainstreet with the cup still in hand. 
To my right, the morning traffic is abuzz with the sounds of street vendors, peddlers, performers, gawkers, and shoppers, all spread down the length of a long granite bridge marking the entrance to Krakelyn’s business district. A farmer with a cart, laden with supplies, trundles past me. I don’t recognize the man and my heart begins to flutter. Instinctively, I look down at his feet, but they’re covered with thick leather boots. 
I can’t tell if he has six toes or not.
Stop it! You’re being paranoid! I tell myself, driving yesterday's images of the six toed footprints molded in the beach sand out of my head. I want so badly in that moment to go and tell my Father about it, but I can’t after what happened to Jude when he touched the silver box...
“Did you hear? They caught a mutant in the city last night!”
I’m trotting down one side of the crowded cobblestone street when I stop dead in my tracks. I spin on the spot to see old Mrs. Cromarty chatting with one of her girlfriends in front of a fruit vendor, inspecting apples, oranges, and melons, placing them in burlap totes.
“No, I never heard anything,” Cromarty’s friend replies. I slip back against the flow of people and move toward them.
“Morning, Mrs. Cromarty!” I say, greeting the elderly woman warmly.
“Oh, well, hello there, Juno Quinn!” Cromarty returns. “You’re just the girl I wanted to see!”
I cringe at Cromarty’s affectation of calling me “girl” (I’m eighteen, for the sake of the gods), but I brush it off. 
“I thought you might,” I say. Mrs. Cromarty can never resist a juicy piece of gossip, especially one concerning mutants. And with my Father being the High Deacon, well, I’m often privy to rumor. I say, “You want to know about the mutant, right?” acting as though I know something.
“So, it’s not a rumor then?” Cromarty asks, her expression wanting.
“Well...what did you hear?” I reply, acting coy.
Cromarty frowns. “Well, nothing really. Just that the Nightwatch caught one last night scrambling over the city walls. First one in quite some time. The kicker is: they say the thing was helped by someone inside the city!”
It’s my turn to frown. Someone in the city helped the six-toed mutant get in? That would be considered treason to the human race! The penalty for such an act is, well, no one really knows anymore because no one is stupid enough to do it! And yet, I’m stupid enough not to tell my Father what I know! The Deacons would consider that treason too.
“Well, I don’t know about that,” I say to Mrs. Cromarty, then pretend to have my attention caught elsewhere. “Oh, sorry, I have to go!” I slip back into the throng on Mainstreet, ignoring Cromarty’s protests that I haven’t actually told her anything.
I’m still planning on getting my coffee, but I have to make a detour first. I slip down a nearby alley, disrupting a group of boys playing Fox Eyes, and work my way toward the center of town. Judgment Square. If there was a mutant caught in the city last night, Judgment Square is where it will end up. I quickly look up at the Clock Tower–the center of Judgment Square and so tall as to be visible from anywhere in town–and am dismayed to see that it is already quarter past five. I only have forty-five minutes to get my coffee and go to work. I’ve been late twice this week already, and unfortunately being the High Deacon’s daughter doesn’t afford me immunity from that offence.
I push through the crowd faster.
Five minutes later, I emerge from a narrow brick alley–I have to move sideways to slip through it–and into Judgment Square proper. To my surprise, there is already a crowd gathered in the shadow of the Tower. A large one. Judgments are not generally advertised. In most cases, nobody knows one is happening until they hear about it through the rumor mill.
My view of the stocks at the center of the Square is impeded by the throng, and so again I push my way through the people of Krakelyn, something I’ve learned to do well in my eighteen years. I finally emerge from the pack like a lost explorer in a dense forest of sentinel pines. When I look up, I see a man fastened to the center of the trio of stocks here, all standing upon a raised stone platform. He is entirely naked, his enormous and hairy gut thankfully covering that part of his body to which my eyes want to automatically drift. Without thinking about it, I continue to let my gaze fall until it comes to the man’s feet.
His toes.
“What’s he up there for?” someone asks behind me, echoing my own confusion. Why indeed? I count his toes again.
“No one knows yet,” another person answers. “We’re waitin’ on the Thesis. It’s a helluva fall from grace though.”
It’s at these words that my heart flutters and I look up into the stockaded man’s face for the first time. If my jaw were not securely attached to my face, I could have expected to hear it clatter to the cobblestones in that moment. The man is Thomas Whiskeyjack, the Second Deacon, my Father’s understudy and closest friend. Thomas had kept his head hanging since I got here but, now, almost as if he feels my gaze upon him, he looks up, pushing his neck forward through the stocks to do so. He locks his eyes with mine, and I cringe at the bruised and purple state of his face. The Deacons had been to work on him; men whom this poor man had once commanded under my Father.
My heart pounds. Does my Father know about this? The High Deacon has the final say in all Judgments…so he must! Did my Father really sentence his best friend to death? He has a reputation for being a hard man, earned after he passed Judgment on my Mother, but since then he’s been more lenient on those close to him. I think it’s ‘cause he feels guilty. Just look at how he coddles me! If I wasn’t his daughter, he would’ve had me flayed and sent to the stocks ages ago!
“The Thesis!” someone in the crowd bellows, breaking my train of thought. A man, dressed in a black hood and cowl, emerges from the Basilica at the base of the Clock Tower, carrying a thick scroll rolled up under one arm. My gaze is glued to the man as he approaches, unrolling the scroll when he reaches Thomas. The man, whom we call an Abdicator, pulls out a hammer and a metal spike from his cloak, nailing the Thesis to the post of Thomas’s stock. The words written upon it, large and easy to read are:
For Aiding and Abetting a Mutant
My mind reels. 
Thomas is not the mutant (which I kinda figured out when I saw he only has five toes), but helped one break into the city! I want more than anything to talk to Thomas, to ask him about it, but I know the crowd won’t allow it; they’re getting riled up as the words of the Thesis are passed on to those who can’t read or are out of eyeshot. ​
There’s nothing I can do.
“Scum!” I hear a familiar and high pitched voice call as a rotten red tomato sails out of the crowd to explode on Thomas’ exposed head. My anger boils and I whip about to see Traylor, my obnoxious little brother, smiling devilishly and attempting to hide the rest of the rotten fruits and vegetables he has in his hands. My face melts into a snarl and I’m about to advance on the little bastard, but it’s too late.
The Judgment riot has begun.




2.

“I didn’t do it!” the voice of Thomas Whiskeyjack pleads over the enraged outcry of the mob. But his words are drowned in a rain of rotting food and excrement.
And stones.
The first one strikes Thomas in the stomach, his cries cut off in a grunt of pain. The second strikes him in the shoulder, his grunts becoming screams, mingled with the creaking of the stocks as he struggles against them. The rage in the crowd is escalating, and Thomas’s cries are joined by others as people are trampled, battered, or struck by thrown projectiles meant for Thomas Whiskeyjack himself. I start to panic. I’m trapped behind an advancing wall of furious people!
My claustrophobia kicks in.
It doesn’t happen often, as I’ve managed to get the fear mostly under control during my eighteen years but, every once in a while (and usually during a high stress situation), it gets the better of me.
As it is now.
 Traylor sees the look on my face and comes toward me gingerly; he knows something is wrong. "It was just a joke, Juno!" he says, taking my hand as I begin to feel dizzy, bending prone at the waist. I feel something slimy and pull my hand from his, finding it coated in a disgusting blend of rotten vegetables. I grab Traylor and wipe it on the back of his black tunic. The rest of the vegetables he'd intended to throw are now a mushy pile beneath our feet, some of it leaking onto my sandaled feet. 
"Did you even bother to find out who was up there?" I chastise him, grabbing him by the elbow and moving him away from the bloody cries of the dying Thomas Whiskeyjack.
Traylor shrugs with a smirk. "Do I ever?" He's being cocky because he knows I will tell Father, no matter how much he begs me not to. We've been through this countless times before.
"It was Thomas Whiskeyjack," I say, finding satisfaction when I see the blood drain from the little guy's face.
"What?" Traylor stops moving, turning around, standing on the ends of his toes to try and see over the crowd again. We're almost at the edge of Judgment Square, but we're both fairly short, and Traylor more so because he's only ten years old. But the crowd is breaking up already. Thomas Whiskeyjack must be dead. Just like that, the bloodlust is a memory and the throng begins to file out of the Square in all directions. My claustrophobia eases as Traylor begins to elbow his way back toward the stocks.
"Where you going?" I call after him.
He half turns his head and replies, "You're lying! It's not him!"
I sigh and follow my little brother.
I should have known this would be hard on him. Thomas had been like a second Father to Traylor. Not to me though. I'm old enough to still remember our Mother. Somewhat. I was eight years old when Father passed Judgment on her, shortly after Traylor was born. I still haven't forgiven him for it, High Deacon or no. She was born without a nail on the second toe of her left foot. No big deal, right? Wrong. Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live, no matter how small or insignificant the change. As Father says: "If we let ourselves deviate from the True Body Plan, if we play god like the ancients did, we only invite another cataclysm upon ourselves. The ways of the Forerunners are the ways of death." 
I don't know whether my Mother kept her mutation hidden from Father all those years, or if he knew about it and just never said anything. Either way, the truth became public, and my Father had little choice as High Deacon. Our whole family would have stood to be Judged otherwise. Instead, he did his duty and passed Judgment on her, in the very place Thomas Whiskeyjack's corpse now hangs limp and lifeless.
I still think he made the wrong choice.
Traylor stops at the base of the platform and stares upward, wide eyed, a few stragglers shaking their heads in disbelief that the High Deacon's second in command had just been Judged. I come up beside him, and the confused look I see on his face makes me realize that Traylor still retains most of the innocence of childhood.
"That's not him," Traylor says, denial coating every word. "I can't tell who it is." I look up and see that Traylor is right. Thomas' face is so smashed and bloodied now, there is little left to distinguish it.
"It's him," I say softly, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Traylor shakes his head, staring not at the man now, but at the Thesis tacked to the post beneath him. "Thomas would never help a mutant!" he says between clenched teeth. I nod my whole hearted agreement. Thomas Whiskeyjack was the last person–other than my Father–that I would have ever expected to see at the center of Judgment Square. My thoughts keep drifting to the six toed footprints in the sand yesterday. And the strange metal box. Hopefully Jude is alright. He's supposed to be lying low after what happened.
"I bet this has to do with whatever you found on the beach," Traylor says, gesturing to Thomas.
I freeze, doing a double take. What did my little brother just say?
"Where did you hear that?" I ask, my heart fluttering in my chest. How could anybody know? Had the Deacons been watching us? I look up at Thomas Whiskeyjack trepidatiously.
Traylor shrugs. "That's the rumor going around. People are saying that you and Jude found something from Everwinter on the beach, and that's why there was a mutant trying to get into the city last night. It wanted to get the thing back. What was it, Juno?"
If I'd had a reflecting glass in my hand at this moment, I know I'd see a pale, shocked face staring back at me. "Who's saying these things, Traylor?" I ask vehemently. "How many people have heard this rumor?"
Traylor shrugs again. "I dunno. I heard it from a few of my buddies near the docks. Well, one of them anyway. He told the rest of us."
I want to ask Traylor who his friend is, but I realize it doesn't matter. The docks are the center of commerce in the city, with people coming and going all the time. If the rumor spread from there, most of Krakelyn would have heard it by now.
"I have to go," I say abruptly, turning away from the stocks. "Go home, Traylor."
"Juno, what's going on? I–" 
"Just go home, Traylor. Go home and grieve for Thomas Whiskeyjack. I won’t tell Dad you were here." Traylor is forbidden from seeing Judgments, at our Father's discretion. He isn't mature enough yet.
"Really?" Traylor asks with a raised eyebrow. He looks at Thomas and a sob wracks his chest. But then he forces composure onto his face and smiles. "You don't have to tell me twice!" With that, Traylor bolts from Judgment Square.
I follow seconds later, but head in the opposite direction.




3.

I find Jude exactly where I would expect to on any normal day.
Except, this is far from an ordinary day.
"What in the name of the gods are you doing here?" I elbow him, talking under my breath, muttering curses.
"Getting my morning coffee, what else?" he replies, as if the answer should have been obvious. He grins at me stupidly, lifting his head up so I can examine it more thoroughly, then leans down for a kiss. Aghast, I pull away from him, my eyes fixed firmly to his left cheek. I almost laugh at what I see. He's gotten into his Mother's face paint kit, using a shade far too pale for his darkly tanned skin. Everyone has darkish skin in Eversummer, but this leaves a blotchy mess that, despite the color difference, covers the blemishes on his face quite well. 
There is that at least. 
"You look like a godsforsaken jongler!" I elbow him harder. People in the coffee line at the Bridge Market, in front of us and behind, stop their conversations to eyeball us. I'd cut the line to join Jude, but these people aren't grumbling about that. We cut the lines all the time. Instead, they’re pointing to their own faces, giggling.
"Hey, I thought I did a pretty decent job!" Jude says indignantly, now angling his cheek away so I can't see it.
"You're insane!" I chastise. "If my Father's men see–"
"They won't," Jude cuts me off with a rude wave. "I can't afford to take the day off work, Juno. And who knows how long this rash will last?" He winces painfully.
"Rash? Ha!" I bark at him. Calling what Jude has on his cheek a rash is like calling a third degree sunburn a case of dry skin. I move around him to get a closer look at the ‘rash’ and see that it is indeed better than it was yesterday. But if a Deacon were to take a second glance, they would undoubtedly notice his skin pockmarked with bumps and holes. Sure, Jude could try and pass it off as an injury–call it roadrash–but with that rumor going around town now...
I pull him in close. "Who did you tell?" I ask, thinking someone must have seen him sneaking home last night with those huge blisters on his face. I'd given him my hooded cloak to cover it once we’d got back to town, but it was too small and hadn't hidden his deformity completely.  
But is it a deformity or a mutation? 
"No one!" Jude bites back indignantly. "Why? Does somebody know?"
I roll my eyes. "Yeah," I say. "Most of Krakelyn."
Jude stares at me. "Tell me you're joking."
I pull him even closer, feeling as if every eye in the city is upon me. I look around and a few actually are. Gods, I'm getting paranoid. "Traylor told me," I say. "He heard it at the docks. Somebody knows we found something. The Deacons must have been watching us."
Jude looks like he wants to cry. "I avoided talking to anyone this morning," he says. "I haven't heard any news. I just wanted to grab a coffee and get to the pit for my shift." He pauses briefly to collect himself. 
"I don't suppose you heard about Thomas Whiskeyjack then?" I say, a little too loudly. Behind me, someone gasps at my mentioning the name. In Krakelyn, it's somewhat of a taboo to speak someone's name aloud after they've been Judged.
Jude shakes his head. "No. What happened?"
"He was Judged," I mutter, barely a whisper.
Jude's eyes go wide. "You don't think it has something to do with us?"
"I don't know. But if Thomas was the Deacon that was spying on us and saw what happened at the beach, my Father is the only person he would tell about it."
Jude seems to collapse at my inference that my Father had Thomas Judged in order to cover up our wrongdoing. "You hid it in the usual spot, right?" he asks.
I nod. "There's no way anyone knows where it is, but someone knows we have it. You need to hide, Jude. I can sweet talk my Father if he confronts me about it, but if the Deacons see your face..."
He nods back. "You're right." He looks around quickly, the paranoia visible in his eyes.
"Lay low until I sort this out with my Father," I say. "He never came home last sleep cycle. He's probably investigating this mutant that tried to break into the city and–" I cut myself off, seeing Jude's face go from shocked to horrified. "Oh, uh, you don't know about that either, do you?"
Jude shakes his head. "Nope." I quickly recount the rumor I'd heard from Mrs. Cromarty. 
"This all has to be connected, Juno," Jude says, stepping behind me to wrap his arms around me, making it easier and less conspicuous to whisper in my ear. "The footprints in the sand, the Box, everything."
"I know," I nod. "I'll talk to my Father after my shift at the Gardens today. Until then, hide."
Jude squeezes me tight and gives me a quick peck on the lips. "I love you, Juno Quinn," he says. Then I feel his arms slip away and, by the time I turn around, he's melted into the crowd, gone. I touch my cheek where he'd kissed me, feeling a bit of the wetness left behind, flabbergasted. 
Jude has never told me he loved me before.
"I...I don–" I start to say to myself, when somebody cuts me off.
"Juno! Hey, Juno Quinn! What can I getcha?"
I shake my head from my stupor and look up dumbly to find I'm at the head of the coffee line, staring blankly into the eyes of the proprietor, Jaq Eldin. He hates it when people take too long to order; it backs things up. The people behind me mutter their annoyance as well.
"Oh, uh, I'll have a–" I cut myself off again. My eyes have fallen on a clock set on a support post at the back of the kiosk. "Bloody ashes!" I curse, realizing I won't be getting my much needed cup of morning coffee after all.
I'm late for work.




4.

"That'll be a half hour docked from your pay, Juno."
I check the clock on the wall. I'm only ten minutes late, but it's hardly the first time. "But–" I begin to protest.
"Wanna make it an hour?" Cantrell cuts me off, his tone harsh, his glare like stone. Cantrell is a short man, with darker skin than most and pitch black hair combed to one side. He's only a few years older than me, but he acts like he’s fifty.
"It won't happen again, sir," I admonish, though we both know the chances of that are pretty slim. My boss just nods and gestures for me to get out of his sight. I dart away quickly, finding the change room and slipping into my work bib in less than a minute. I pull my semi-short, red hair into a dirty ponytail, fully revealing the shaved sides of my head, and enter the Glass Gardens proper. 
The heat is the first thing that strikes me, as it always does. It's like a thick, moist wall. The second thing is the pleasant aroma of fresh, dewy vegetation. Row upon row of various crops, plants and trees, extend as far as the eye can see from the head of the Gardens where I'm standing. Drought is a particularly prevalent problem in Eversummer, and so the Gardens were built to accommodate large scale food production without fear of losses. Above me, massive glass panes set into thick metal frames create seemingly random color patterns of light and shadow. Each pane is tinted uniquely, having been scavenged ages ago from ancient towers of the Forerunners. We haven’t the technology to produce such thick glass ourselves, and so salvaged what we could use. The remnants of Forerunner cities can be found all over Eversummer, though I've never seen one myself yet. They lie mostly in the Bleaklands, where air is hard to come by. My Father says they've all been picked clean now anyway; there is little left to find that wouldn't be blasphemous to possess. 
A few of my coworkers give me cursory nods or good mornings as I enter, but I'm in such a crummy mood from my lack of coffee that I mostly ignore them. I make for the corn belt, near the center of the Gardens, where I'd been working lately. I duck down the nearest row and find myself relieved as the tall stalks envelop me, knowing there are no prying eyes to find me. Thinking of Jude, sick with worry, I want to cry but push the bad feelings aside, pulling my machete from my tool belt and start hacking away at the lush leaves. The corn around me is ready for harvest. I click the radio transmitter, also attached to my belt, and a confirming series of three clicks follows. 
Then I really start working. 
I chop the stalks just below the golden ears of corn and gently guide them to the black tilled soil for REX to pick them up later. Technically, I'm not supposed to start harvesting at the center of a patch, but I'm so desperate to avoid any and all human contact today that I'm willing to get reamed out by Cantrell again if he should find out.
He probably won’t though.
A low rumbling comes to my legs through the soil and I look back to see REX ambling toward me, his rusty gears whining in protest with every turn of his rotting axels. On the surface, REX appears to be a large flatbed on wheels, a stupid machine remnant of the Forerunners. But inside his deteriorating carapace, REX does have a brain of a sort, and I have often been amazed to witness it solve simple problems on its own.
"Morning, REX," I say as the machine pulls up to the first few stalks I have lain out. A mechanical appendage, not unlike a hand, grasps the crops and flips them onto the flatbed. REX does not reply. I stop what I'm doing and wait for him to catch up to me. He does so and I wait, not moving. There is a tiny lens at the head of the machine, what you might call an eye, and I watch as it moves about now, looking back and forth between myself and the corn. REX realizes I have stopped working and is trying to figure out why. It's at this point that a small, metallic probe issues forth from beneath the machine, flying toward me at great speed. I dodge it easily, but then REX moves his entire body and I'm caught, the probe giving me a shock on the shin.
"Ow!" I protest with a smirk. It's what I get for teasing the machine. "Did Cantrell have you programmed to do that, or did you figure it out on your own?" I ask. Everyone knows that REX was designed to record data on individual worker production, but this shock treatment is something new. Is REX turning himself into the boss? I laugh and hit the transmitter on my belt again. Immediately, REX stops inching toward me and, with a squeal of metal, darts back the way he'd originally come.
Too bad Cantrell doesn't have an on/off switch like that.
"There you are!" a nasally, high pitched voice calls to me. I look over into the next row of corn to see the plump form of Rayanne Nedaris coming toward me. I roll my eyes; I should have known REX would give away my position. "I've been looking for you all morning!" Ray exclaims, finally coming up next to me.
"I was late," I reply with a tone of finality.
"I heard," Rayanne smirks wildly. "Cantrell must have lost a gasket!" I shrug noncommittally. "I also heard," Ray continues, "that you and Jude found something on the beach yesterday. A weapon of the Forerunners or something?"
My breath catches in my throat. A weapon? "Who told you that?" I ask.
Rayanne gives me a sheepish look. "Well...everyone. The whole town's talking about it. It's not true, is it? Did you really find–"
"Nothing," I interrupt her. "We found nothing. Just some old, washed up garbage. Metal mostly. We were going to bring it to my Father, but a mutant tried to break into the city last night and he was preoccupied."
"Yeah, I heard that too," Ray replies.
I sigh. "One of the Deacons must have been spying on us and told somebody else who blabbed about it." Thomas Whiskeyjack's face flashes through my mind. "Somehow the two stories got intertwined. The stuff we found yesterday has nothing to do with the mutant in the city. That's all there is to it, Ray." The lie sounds convincing, even to my own ears. Hopefully, Ray will spread it around and take some of the heat off of me and Jude.
Ray squints her eyes at me. It's clear she isn't buying all that I'm selling, but she seems satisfied enough. "Well, thank the gods that's all it was then," she says, reaching behind herself to pull a wooden travel mug from her tool belt. She cracks the seal and instantly the sweet aroma of Krakelyn coffee assaults my nostrils. She takes a sip then offers the mug to me. My eyes blast wide open and a slick smile bursts onto my lips.
"You're a life saver, Ray!" I say, reaching quickly to take the drink. 
Before I've got it in my hands, Ray pulls it back and says: "You sure there's nothing else going on?" She sighs deeply. "I've always been truthful with you, Juno. I've been a friend to you. You can trust me."
 I nod. That was true, but Ray and I are hardly good friends. I think of her more as a desperate clinger trying to improve her social standing by befriending the High Deacon's daughter. "Ray, there's nothing else to tell," I say. And with that, Ray finally seems satiated. She hands me the mug. I down it in a single go. 
"Hey! That was supposed to last me all day!" she protests. "Where's the coffee I got you this morning?"
"Gone," I shrug. "Already drank it. Thanks, by the way." I hand the mug back.
"Yeah, you're welcome, Juno," Rayanne grumbles. "For everything." With that, the plump girl stalks away into the corn, green leaves rustling reddish-blonde hair cut in the same fashion as mine.
"Whatever," I reply to myself, gripping my machete and, with fresh coffee coursing through my veins like wildfire, start hacking at the corn as if I am fighting it for my life.




5.

I leave work just after the eighteenth hour, the warmth of the Eversummer sun feeling like a cold draft on my skin after twelve hours in the Gardens. Usually, I would take Mainstreet across the bridge and cut through the business district to get home, but tonight I crisscross alleyways and parks in order to avoid prying eyes. It works, mostly, as I only run into a few people I know along the way. I can tell that they all want to talk to me, but I brush them off before our cursory small talk goes any further. I slip into our yard through the back wall door and stalk cautiously across the browning lawn to the wide double doors that open onto the patio. Yeah, we have a big house. A nice house. Two stories. But my Father's the High Deacon. The most powerful man in Krakelyn can't be seen living in squalor, can he?
It's all a joke, in my opinion.
Wealth never mattered to me; Jude's family lives in little better than a shack down by the docks. Everything about my house feels fake to me; like it was made to prove how much better we are than everybody else. I've never thought myself better than anyone in my life. Okay, well, maybe Rayanne, but she's annoying.
Every window in the Manse is ablaze with fiery sparklights; it's cloudy at the moment, so the ever present sunlight is muted. Sparklights are another luxury we could do without, in my opinion. It's bright outside all the time. Why bother? Very few homes in Krakelyn have sparklights. They require specialized knowledge to operate. Copper cords run out of an oil fed machine spouting noxious fumes at the back of our property. I don't fully understand it myself, but I always thought candles worked just as well.
I slip through the patio doors, open to permit fresh air into the building. One of the serving women, Ryonyx, greets me upon entering with a smile. "You're just in time," she says. "Dinner is about to be served."
"I'll eat later," I reply curtly. "Is my Father home?"
"He is," Ryonyx replies. "But he is in his study, and is not to be disturbed."
"He'll want to see me,” I grin.
Passing more servants, I come to the wide, balustraded main stairwell and head up to the second floor. Paintings, tapestries, and golden candelabras line the hall, but I hardly notice them anymore. As I said, it all feels fake to me. I pass Traylor's room. The door is wide open, my little brother passed out on his bed, already snoring softly. I smile and continue on to the door at the end of the hall. 
 My Father's study.
I knock and a deep, intimidating baritone answers from the other side. 
"Come." 
I open the door, not wasting any time. My Father's study is a small room, compared with the rest of the Manse, but it feels positively claustrophobic to me. Relics of the Forerunners line shelves and hang from every wall, cluttering every square inch of available space. Many of the objects were discovered by me and Jude on the beach. Father doesn't like my being in here because I am so enthralled by the Forerunners, but I doubt that will matter to him today.
"What are you doing here, Juno?" he asks bluntly, seated before an oversized sentinel pine desk. His tone doesn't catch me off guard exactly– Father has always been a blunt man–but it still isn't the greeting I was expecting. After today, and with all the rumors flying around, I thought for sure he'd be dying to see me. 
"Well?" he asks, cold eyes boring into my own. I'm drawing a blank. I’d expected him to start grilling me immediately. Was he waiting for me to confess about the beach? That wouldn't be like him. Father never beats around the bush. My eyes dart around the room, finding the only object on the walls that even remotely catches my eye anymore. Something called a ‘foto’. It's like a painting, but not. Father says it’s a snapshot of real life, like a recorded memory put to paper. The foto is ancient, ripped and weathered, depicting a young family in front of a strange looking home. It's like something out of a child's fantasy. The family wears strange garments emblazoned with even more bizarre symbology.
But they seem happy.
"Juno? What's the matter with you?"
I tear my eyes from the foto and back onto my Father. Even sitting down, he's an imposing figure, taller than most men and rail thin. A graying moustache droops in cascades from his upper lip, hanging to just below his chin. He's still wearing his High Deacon surcoat, but its wrinkled and dirty and... Is that a blood stain?
I finally find my voice. "I... I just wanted to make sure you're alright, that's all. I heard about Thomas at work." I'm testing the waters here, seeing what my Father knows. He'd call me out right away if he knew I'd actually been at the Judgment.
"Oh," he replies, his face melting from a scowl to a deep frown. "I suppose you would have. Listen, Juno, I already had this discussion with Traylor. I can't tell you everything, but know that what was done, was done for the good of Krakelyn. It was a regrettable thing, and the hardest Judgment I've had to make since your Mother."
I wince at the mention of her but, again, I'm used to this type of forthrightness from my Father. He knows my feelings on the subject, but I've learned to look past it when we're together. It took a long time for me to do that though. "I'm sorry it had to happen," I tell him, genuine sympathy in my tone. "I, um, well, I've heard all the rumors flying around. A mutant in the city." My Father nods. "There isn't anything I should be concerned about, is there?"
Without hesitation, my Father shakes his head. "No, Juno, it's been taken care of. Everything is alright." He pauses, meeting my eyes with a warmer glance and a hint of a smile. From his creaky old chair, he reaches out and takes my hand. "Do me a favor and go check on your brother for me. I know you weren't close to Thomas, but Traylor was in positive hysterics when I came home. I think he may have seen the Judgment this morning."
I smirk, trying not to give away too much. "It would be like him to disobey your orders," I reply. I lean down and give the old man a kiss on the forehead. "Don't work yourself too hard," I say, "you need to grieve too." He squeezes my hand in thanks but says nothing, only nods and turns back to the stack of parchment on his desk. That's as much cue as I get that the conversation is over. 
I slip quietly out of the study, closing the door, stopping in the hallway and breathing hard in time to my hammering heart. 
Why hadn't he asked me about the beach? And Jude? 
He must know that I have that strange metal Box from Everwinter hidden away. Thomas would have told him. So why didn't he call me out on it? Did Thomas Whiskeyjack die because of what we found? If so, why? Father had to have heard the rumor about me and Jude. So why didn't he ask me about it? Selfish hope rises in my chest. If my Father went to all these lengths to protect me, he may have instructed the Deacons to lay off us as well. And if that rash on Jude's cheek clears up quickly enough, all just might be well! Thomas Whiskeyjack's dying face flashes through my mind in that moment. 
Yeah, but at what cost?
With these thoughts racing through my brain, I traverse the hall once more, pausing momentarily at the entrance to Traylor's room. He's moved around since I'd first come by, but he still appears to be out cold. I keep going, down to the other end of the Manse where my own room is situated. I open the door and slip inside, my large, down filled mattress calling to me immediately. 
There's nothing more I want to do in that moment than to flop down on the bed, but there's something else I have to do first. I head straight for the window, seeing with a smile that a new sunvisor has been installed. My old one broke a couple days ago. I took the blame for it, saying I had trouble getting it to roll back up. The truth was I'd accidentally kicked it loose climbing onto the roof. Father wouldn't let me cover the window for two days afterward as a lesson.
Live and learn.
Or not.
I roll the visor up, going easy, pushing the shutters wide. I take a quick glance into the yard to be sure no servants are in the yard below and quickly hoist myself onto the sill. I look over and see that the window into Traylor's room is shut tight. He won't hear me. I grasp the eave with my hands and push off hard with my feet, propelling them onto the rooftop. It's not a graceful act, but I've done it enough times that it hardly poses a problem anymore. It's a lot harder when I'm actually trying to bring something up here with me. 
This is where I stash my stuff from the beach, after all.
I'm up on the roof in seconds, my hands grimy from grasping the gutter. I wipe them on my pants and tread carefully up the pitch. Most houses in Krakelyn have roofs constructed of thatch, but ours, of course, is topped with a series of wooden tiles tucked up under one another in rows, the advantage being that the tiles have to be replaced a lot less often than thatch. But they're expensive as hell. I tiptoe across the tiles, using my hands for purchase as I clamber up the steep grade. I reach what remains of a square brick structure near the top. An old chimney. I don't even know where it ends up inside the house. The top of the chimney is covered by a wooden panel that I constructed myself. I lift it off, revealing a large cubby hidden within. Jude built a floor for me inside the chimney–he's really good at building stuff–and I climb inside, enveloped in shade.
I'm inside my stash. 
I pull a filthy old blanket aside, revealing the wealth of Forerunner treasures I’ve managed to squirrel away over the past year. There's a piece of a reflecting glass; a ball made from a soft, yet durable material; books written in languages no one in Eversummer can understand; metal sheets that are neither rusted nor weakened by age; a female doll constructed of a similar material as the ball; a few containers, like cups, but again made of a hard yet pliable substance; a few fotos and images ripped from books; bizarre clothing fashioned of indefinite materials; and the shiny, metal Box. 
The Box we found on the beach yesterday.
Unconsciously, I reach out to touch it just as Jude had, but stop myself when I realize what I'm doing. The memory of that bright flash of light is burned into my mind. Along with Jude's scream as the light seared the side of his face. Disgusted and fearful, I spit at the object and cover it back up quickly.
I just wanted to check that it was still there, that’s all.
The real problem is gonna be figuring out what to do with such a dangerous artifact. But that problem can wait 'til morning. I'll find Jude, and we'll decide if it's safe for him to come out of hiding. With a yawn, I crawl out of the chimney, replace the wooden cover, and stealthily retreat to my room.
I'm asleep before my head hits the pillow.




6.

He waits a few minutes, just to make sure, then pushes the shutters wide as his sister had moments before. Traylor isn't stupid; he knows Juno has a stash of Forerunner objects up on the roof. After all, it's what he would do if he were tasked with cleaning up the garbage on that beach. The loss of Thomas Whiskeyjack still weighs heavy on his heart, but the pain recedes to a dull throb in the back of his mind as the excitement of finding out what Juno and Jude found yesterday overtakes it. Other than Thomas' death, he'd thought about little else all day.
Traylor climbs onto the window ledge and grasps the eave, swinging his legs up with more grace than Juno had formerly exhibited. He barely makes a sound. He waits another moment to be sure no one sees him, then darts up the sloped roof toward the ancient chimney. He's there is seconds, lifting the wooden panel away. Juno really should be more careful with this stuff, he thinks, clambering into the hole himself. He pulls the blanket away, revealing a trove of stuff he's seen plenty of times before, and one thing he's never seen.
"What is this?" he grumbles to himself in amazement. It looks like a simple box; pure, silvery metal, perfectly made. 
"There must be a way to open it." 
Traylor reaches out with his right hand and, as his skin makes contact, an electric shock jolts through him like a snakebite. "Ow!" he snarls, pulling his hand up to his mouth. That really hurt! Anger boils within him. 
Anger over Thomas' death. 
Traylor feels like he's had so little control over his life lately, and here is this stupid box, an inanimate object, taunting him.
"I will get you open," he vows, reaching over to the box again. This time, he wraps the blanket around his hands, picking the object up directly. It vibrates in his grasp, but it can't shock him through the material. "Ha!" Traylor laughs, triumphant. "Now, how do I open–"
But it's too late. 
With a flash of skin searing light, the box opens by itself, and Traylor remembers no more. 




7.

One Month Later. 
A cloaked figure moves about the streets of Krakelyn at night. We call it night in Eversummer, but there is actually nothing to distinguish it from day because the sun never leaves the sky. We call it night, because it’s the time when everyone usually sleeps. Sleeping hours, we call them more often than not. But lately, people haven't been sleeping so well. Of course, it doesn’t help that over half of Krakelyn is dead. 
Suicides mostly.
The cloak I'm wearing is oversized–it was my Father's–but that's kind of the point. It covers my face and body completely. I'm not the only one who goes about like this these days, though we're fast becoming a minority. I've been in hiding since the Final Judgment–that's what people are calling the day that Traylor opened the Box–but since my return to Krakelyn, I've been hearing rumors of a gang that doesn't take too kindly to people masking their deformities. Children of Mutanity they call themselves. A play on the words ‘mutant’ and ‘humanity’, I guess.
I've yet to see them for myself.
If the rumors are true, then this supposed gang would sure be anathema to all that the people of Eversummer previously stood for. It makes sense though, in a twisted sort of way. After all, after centuries of believing we were doing the will of the gods by weeding out the imperfections in our bloodlines–the True Body Plan–the gods turn around and do this to us. What are people supposed to think? Perhaps we had the TBP all wrong. Maybe mutations are the will of the gods, and what we think of as perfection is actually ugly and evil.
Maybe, but I don't believe it.
I'm angling my way toward the Manse, taking an indirect route so it’s not as obvious as to where I'm headed. Just in case. Our house has been at the center of a lot of hatred and violence since the Final Judgment. People want answers, and my Father has none. I still remember my Father's face, starkly gaunt and fearful, pocked with bleeding tumors and peeling skin when he ordered me to go into hiding after the Final Judgment. He told me to stay away as long as possible, to hide somewhere no one would think to find me. He had the servants pack rations in a tote and sent me away before things got really bad. I slipped off our property into the woods, never experiencing the devastation of Krakelyn firsthand. I could faintly hear the screams as I left though, accompanied by black smoke and the warm glow of massive fires off in the distance.
Krakelyn was burning.
Leaving was the hardest thing I've ever had to do, but I kept my back turned and made my way to the beach. There was nothing else I could do. The first few days, I constantly second guessed my choice of hideout–a small cave just off the shoreline. I thought for sure someone would come looking for me. But no one did. In fact, I heard not a sound from the direction of Krakelyn the entire month I was in exile. It was hard, but I stayed away as long as I could. 
A month was all I could handle. 
I kept clinging to the hope that Jude might find his way here. Surely he would have asked my Father where I was. 
But Jude never came.
I'm pretty sure now that he's dead.
I've been back in Krakelyn for just a few days now, but I’ve scoured the city high and low, sniffing for rumors where I can find them without giving myself away. To no avail. If Jude was still alive, he'd be doing the same thing that I'm doing now.
I'd already cried about it a great deal.
I'm alone on the street now, walking slowly up a deserted stretch of Main. Well, maybe not totally alone. My mind is playing tricks on me, making me think that the dead bodies strewn all over the ground are moving. Just a twitch, here and there. It makes me shudder. These corpses are either murders or suicides, victims of the chaos of the Final Judgment. Victims unable to grasp the notion that their religion was a lie.
Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live, remember?
I'm sure many who took their own lives felt they were doing the gods' will, afforded a place in Paradise for doing so.
I'm hardly that optimistic.
"Bloody ashes!" I curse, tripping over an old man with large bulbous growths all over his face. There's no trauma visible on his body, so maybe he just had a heart attack.
Maybe.
I carry on and almost trip again. In the name of the gods! Why doesn't somebody clean up these–
HHHHOOOOONNNNKKK!!!
 I whirl just in time to witness a massive mechanical hulk barreling toward me. The machine honks again and I bolt out of the way, diving headlong to the dirt, scraping my palms. The machine takes its own dive, veering away to avoid hitting me and smashing directly into an abandoned storefront. The resultant crash is ear splitting. It should have attracted onlookers in seconds, but no one shows up. 
People are scared.
 The machine's engine is still rumbling, laboring, shooting forth great jets of black smoke before finally dying. The thing reminds me of REX, only on a larger scale. A box on wheels. I've seen one like this before, near the docks, used to load and unload freight. As the engine dies, the machine sags and a latch at the back of the box pops open, releasing the tailgate and spilling its contents.
Bodies.
 I nearly vomit. 
I hear cursing from the front of the vehicle, followed by an attempt to refire the stalled engine. It doesn't work. A hatch at the side suddenly plops open and a man–tall, fat, and covered in blisters–emerges, seeing me and cursing louder.
"What in the name of the gods were ya doin' in tha middle of the street?" he scolds, shaking a fist at me. "I coulda run you down! Then you'd just be another stiffy to throw on the pile!" He ambles toward me and I consider bolting. But this man is the first person I've actually seen doing something productive since I came back to Krakelyn. It makes me trust him somehow.
"You... You're cleaning up the bodies?" I ask, dumbfounded.
"Yup," the man replies. He has the husky air and burly chest of a sailor; or a dock worker at the very least. It seems he hardly notices the deformities on his face. "Deacons are offering ten credits per stiffy," he continues. "How could anyone pass that up?" He looks me up and down slowly. Though my hood is pulled up, obscuring my face, I feel like he can still see right through me. "Help me get these stiffys back on the wagon,” he says, “and I'll make it worth your while. We'll split 'em, seventy-thirty. Whataya say?"
"I say I better be gettin' the seventy portion," I reply cheekily. He laughs, finally letting his guard down a bit.
"You got a wagon of your own?" he retorts cockily. I shake my head. "Then seems only fair I get the lion's share," he smirks. "Don't it?" I shrug, thinking it unwise to point out that this wagon likely doesn't belong to him either. "So? How 'bout it?" He inches closer and I consider bolting again, but there's a very good chance now this man could catch me. He's more limber than he appears. I let my gaze fall uncomfortably, and it comes to rest at the man's hip where he has something clipped to his belt. Something I've only seen a handful of times in my life.
"Is that a shooting iron?" I ask, amazed that this uncouth miscreant possesses it.
"Yup," the man answers proudly. "Got it off a stiffy after the Children of Mutanity took care of 'em. They didn't even know he had it! Can you believe it? They thought the poor guy was still pure."
"Pure?" I ask, glad of the diversion in topic.
"Yeah, you know. Not mutated. The Children are out to take care of anyone who was untouched by the Final Judgment. They say that the gods have spoken, and that the True Body Plan is no longer the norm. Maybe it never was."
My heart skitters in my chest. "And have they actually found any, um, pure people?"
The man shrugs. "Who can say? Oh, they think they have, but I've collected the bodies afterward, and it’s always people who haven't had their faces marred up too badly. They might have only a few poxes on their face, but their bodies are always ravaged. The Children don't seem to care much 'bout that though."
"And just who are these Children?" I ask, keeping the diversion going.
The man inches closer. "You've really been outta the loop, haven't ya?"
I nod. "I... I was scared. I hid for nearly a month."
The man nods. "Aye, ya wouldn't be the only one." He's really close to me now; so close that I can smell the foul odor emanating from the sores on his face. "Some say that the Children are former Deacons, given their fervent zeal. But who knows? Times are strange. So, how 'bout it?" he asks. "Help a brotha out?" He leans down suddenly, trying to look into the deeper recesses of my hood. A sudden noise–a bang–issues from the front of the man's wagon and, spooked, he pulls his shooting iron, aiming it directly at my chest.
I throw my hands up immediately. "Hey, wait!" I say.
With the iron still leveled, he turns and stares at the wagon. Then when he's sure there's no threat, he turns back to me. "Sorry," he says, "just a little jumpy." He pauses, still aiming. "But if we're gonna work together, I gotta be sure..."
He steps toward me and, in that moment, I know it's all over. The man reaches up and throws back my hood.
"In the name of the gods!" he gasps, letting his weapon hand fall to his side. "Juno Quinn?"
I nod, eyes wide. "Uh, yeah," I reply. 
The man shakes his head. "My gods, it really is you! Of course I know who you are! Who in Krakelyn doesn't? But... How is this possible?" He lifts his empty hand, filthy and work torn, up to my face, caressing the unmarred flesh of my left cheek.
My eyes are still on the shooting iron.
"My gods," he says again. "My gods!" He raises the iron once more. "Lift up your shirt.” My eyes bulge. "Nah, ne'er worry, Miss Juno," the man says, "I ain't gonna force meself on ya. I just need to be sure is all." 
I nod, feeling tears well up. I lift my shirt. My stomach is just as pristine as my face, lightly tanned and glassy smooth. It's the man's turn to bulge his eyes. "Satisfied?" I ask. 
He nods, then shakes his head. "My gods, Juno, you might be the only pure human left! Do you know what that means?" He lifts the iron so that it’s pointed directly at my face. "I could get a thousand credits for you! Maybe more! Oh yes, your Father or the Children of Mutanity would pay handsomely for a prize like you!"
"You're going to sell me?" I ask indignantly, unbelieving where this is all heading.
The man shrugs. "Times is tough, young Juno. Who knows when an opportunity like this might come along again?" He wags the gun toward the wagon. "Walk that way," he orders.
Defeated, without recourse, I do as he asks, my anxiety rising to fever levels. We get to the hatch of the machine and I see the small driver's cab within, cramped with only two seats. He urges me inside and forces me into the driver's chair, pulling a thick length of cord from a nearby cubby. I want to convulse, knowing what comes next.
"Please don't take offense, Miss Juno," the man pleads as he binds my wrists to the steering column. "This is business, nothin' personal."
I say nothing, biting my tongue. 
He steps back out of the wagon. "Now, you hold tight while I get these stiffys back on the cart. Won't take a sec." He disappears, closing the door behind him. The sound is like the final nail driven into my coffin. I want to sob.
"You okay, Juno?"
I whirl about–as much as I can with my wrists bound–and there's Traylor, hidden inside an oversized cloak much as I am, a huge grin plastered across his face. 
"Where in the name of the gods have you been?" I curse at him. "I've been worried sick!"
"I got held up at the docks," he says, shrugging sheepishly. "It wasn't easy asking around about Jude without giving myself away." He throws back the hood of his cloak, revealing a face very similar to mine–we get our looks from our Mother–and just as unblemished as mine. Traylor and I might be the last pure humans left, in Krakelyn anyway, but we don't know for sure. 
We have to find our Father. 
Traylor pulls a small utility knife from one of his pockets and sets to work on my bonds, releasing them quickly. Immediately, I start examining the control panel in front of me.
"What are you doing?" my brother asks. A stupid question.
"What do you think?" I retort, finally finding a switch labeled 'ignition'. I flip it and the machine sputters, coughs, then roars back to life.
"You don't know how to drive this thing!" Traylor extols. 
I shrug him off. "Would you rather take your chances out there with that slave trader? He wanted to sell me, you know."
Traylor huffs, plopping down in the passenger seat of the cabin. "I didn't know that," he replies. 
I find the gear shifter and slam the vehicle in reverse just as a loud banging issues from the side door. 
The slave trader is trying to get in.  
"Don't worry, I locked it," Traylor says.
Grinning, I hit the gas pedal and the machine lurches backward with a death shriek, pulling out of the smashed storefront. Through the windscreen I see pulverized shelving and the goods once contained therein, scattered about like dead leaves. This had been old Mrs. Cromarty's shop. I feel a pang of sadness, but I realize I don't even know if Mrs. Cromarty survived the Final Judgment.
The accelerator is touchy and the vehicle literally flies in reverse, slamming into something behind us that I can't see. There's no mirrors. I've driven a loading cart at the Glass Gardens, but this is a bit more complicated. The fat, deformed slave trader appears before us, waving angrily for us to stop and get out.
"Fat chance," I sneer, shifting into drive. I wave back, indicating he should get out of the way. I hate the man, but I won't kill him if I don't have to. Then I hit the pedal and the vehicle blasts forward, barreling down the streets of Krakelyn, the slave trader diving theatrically to the dirt to avoid getting smucked.




8.

Traylor and I have a destination in mind; the only problem is that the slave trader will likely know it’s where we're going. 
We don't have much time. 
With Traylor laughing hysterically, I pilot our newly acquired vehicle over the Mainstreet Bridge, corpses on the road acting as speed bumps that send us bouncing in our seats. We reach the outskirts of Krakelyn in a matter of minutes, the Manse coming into view at the top of a wooded hill. 
Our destination. 
For a moment, I'm worried that the massive wrought iron gate at the driveway entrance will block our path, but when we get there we find it already on the ground, torn from its hinges.
This doesn't bode well.
I race recklessly up the long drive, the Manse hurtling into view seconds later. I carve the wheel and guide the vehicle across the front lawn, chewing up chunks of sod as I go, bringing us around the back of the building and out of sight from the street. I park right on top of the rear patio and, before we're even climbing out, the house servants have appeared, pouring out of the Manse.
"Juno!" one of the women exclaims. It's Ryonyx. The sight of the kindly old woman warms my heart. "Thank the gods! You've returned to us!" Ryonyx's face is a boil of tumors, all looking fit to burst. She grabs Traylor and me both in a hearty embrace, caressing and marveling at our still unblemished faces, then pulls away. "Your Father has been sick with worry!"
"Is he..." I begin.
"He is well," Ryonyx replies. "I will take you to him now." Relief floods me and we enter the house.
"What happened here?" I ask. The house is a disaster, overturned furniture and our personal effects strewn everywhere.
"The Children of Mutanity," Ryonyx replies. “Your Father's former Deacons. When the, um, Final Judgment occurred, they disavowed the old religion. They now believe the True Body Plan to be an abomination, and mutations to be the will of the gods."
"Did all of them turn?" I ask, stupefied, though I'd already surmised much of what Ryonyx is telling me.
"Not all of them," a husky baritone answers. 
I whirl to see my Father ambling toward us through the devastated kitchen. He's followed by another man whom I've never met before. He's handsome–maybe five years my senior–but projects an air of authority that makes him seem older. His face is stern, expression unreadable behind cold green eyes. His face is covered in a harsh, red rash, but it’s hardly the worst I've seen since returning to Krakelyn.
"Father!" Traylor and I both exclaim at once, greeting him with open arms. I'm so happy to see him I hardly notice the sores on his face and the smell emanating from them. 
He grunts at our embrace, allowing it for a moment, then pulls away with a rare smile. "It is good to see you both," he says, the pride evident in his tone. "You truly are resourceful to have lasted this long, Juno."
I blush. Father rarely compliments anyone. "What happened here?" I ask, glancing around at the devastation again. "Why would the Deacons do this?"
"Not the Deacons," my Father shakes his head. "Not anymore. Most of them have joined the Children of Mutanity. When I refused to lead them on their quest to rid the world of the True Body Plan, they sacked the Manse, urging me to reconsider. As High Deacon, they want me to legitimize their fool crusade. They will be back in a few days for my, ahem, formal reply."
"What will you do?" I gasp, fretful.
"I don't know," Father replies, uncertainty coloring his voice. It's not often my Father doesn't have an answer for a given problem. "At the moment, I'm more worried about you two." He gestures at Traylor and I. "You two just might be the last pure humans left in the whole world!"
"You can't know that!" I interject. "That object I found on the beach... It couldn't possibly have affected the entire planet!"
 Father hesitates, exchanging a nervous glance with the stern young man who had come in with him. The young man nods. "Actually," Father replies, "it can and it did. You two are the last hope for humanity."
Traylor and I exchange skeptical looks at that moment, and I see that my little brother is nearing the brink. 
Then he goes over.
"It's all my fault!" he bawls, wrapping his arms around Father again. "I touched the Box! I'm the one who set it off!"
 Father hunkers down, grabbing Traylor by the shoulders. "No, Traylor. No. You were just curious. You and Juno both. If your sister hadn't found that Box, someone else would have." Father pauses, sighing deeply. "It was a modified weapon of the Forerunners, sent here by the mutants of Everwinter."
I blink at my Father, disbelieving what I've just heard. "What are you saying? That Everwinter attacked us?"
"That is exactly what I am saying," Father confirms in his usual, no-nonsense tone.
I can feel the color draining from my face. "But... Why? I thought we had an understanding with Everwinter. Why would they attack us?"
"It doesn't matter right now, Juno" my Father replies, his eyes suggesting he knows more than he's willing to tell. "What matters is that you two are in grave danger. You have to leave Krakelyn."
"And go where?" I immediately interject. "If the whole world is now mutated..."
"Ryonyx," Father calls to the servant, "bring it in for me, will you?" Ryonyx bows and leaves the room, returning less than a minute later with a large, rolled up parchment. Father unceremoniously clears the center island of the kitchen by sweeping all of the clutter to the floor, taking the parchment and laying it out. I recognize the document immediately as the map of Eversummer from the wall in his study, depicting a narrow strip of land circling the globe at the equator. He quickly finds Krakelyn on the grid and points to it. Traylor and I track his finger as he moves it to the great port cities of the southern coast. He stops at Venecici, the eastern most of the southern cities.
"You must travel here," he says. "It should only take a week or two if you use the new canyon route. There you will find a woman named Ursa. She is a scientist. Before all this happened, she was working on a cure for mutations."
My jaw drops, stunned. I look around the room and see I'm not the only one. Traylor and the rest of the servants are just as shocked. Clearly, the time for secrecy has passed. 
"But why us?" I finally manage to ask. "Once word gets out that Traylor and I are still, um, normal, we'll be more famous than we already are!"
"That's why it's important that no one finds out. Disguise yourselves so that... What? What is it?"
I stare at my Father sheepishly. "Um, someone may already know. About me anyway."
 Father frowns. "What happened?"
"Um, I might have been kidnapped by a man cleaning up dead bodies in the city. He knows who I am, and he knows I'm not a mutant. He wanted to sell me..." Bitter bile rises at the back of my throat.
"That complicates things," Father states simply. He turns to the young man who came in with him and says something so low I cannot hear it. He turns back to us. "You leave immediately," he says.
"What!?" I protest. "No! Father, I have to find Jude and–"
"Out of the question, Juno. This is no time for romantics. I was hoping that I wouldn't have to tell you this but..." I shudder, shoring myself for the blow that Father was about to deliver. "I searched for Jude after you left Krakelyn, thinking you might have made contact with him. I found nothing."
"No..." I say, nearly a whisper. Sobs begin to wrack my chest. "He went into hiding, Father, shortly after we found the Box. It marred his face and we were afraid the Deacons would–"
"That may be true, Juno, but what reason would he have to stay in hiding once everyone else became a mutant? It should not have been difficult to locate him."
I sag, realizing the truth, and nod dejectedly. "When do we leave?" I finally ask.
 Father turns to the young man, gesturing for him to step forward. "Altair will see you safely to the south," he says. "You will be traveling through the Bleaklands and–"
"You're not coming with us?" Traylor suddenly wails, seeming more a child than ever.
"I cannot, Traylor," Father answers. "I am too well known in the cities of Eversummer, and with the eyes of the Children of Mutanity upon me, we would never make it. My absence from Krakelyn would be immediately noted."
Traylor collapses into Father's arms, sobbing. "I hate this," the boy says.
"As do I," Father agrees. "But part of being a leader and a man, Traylor, is doing your duty to those beneath you, no matter how unpleasant the task may be. You want to be a man, don't you?" Traylor shakes his head and Father smirks, expecting such a response from his son.
"You haven't answered my question," I cut in suddenly, realizing it for the first time. "Why does it have to be me and Traylor? Why not just send your buddy here? Altair, is it? We're not soldiers, Father. We can't fight if there's trouble."
 Father sighs heavily. "You are my children, Juno. You'd be surprised what your genetics can grant you." I only stare at him confusedly, and he sighs once again. "It's your blood," he finally states flatly. "It has to be you and Traylor, because you are likely the only humans left with an untainted genetic structure."
"What does that mean?" Traylor asks, reflecting my own thoughts to an extent.
"It means that you are special, Traylor," Father answers. "You have special molecules inside your blood that show us a map of the True Body Plan. All other blood samples were corrupted during the Final Judgment. Since you're not mutated, your blood was shielded somehow."
I'm starting to get mad. "Father, I know you don't want to hear this but... Why not just let it go?"
"What do you mean?" Father asks sternly.
"You know what I mean. What if the Children of Mutanity have the right idea? What if we were wrong all along and the gods never cared about the True Body Plan? Maybe it's time to let nature steer our course for a change."
 Father grins, a rare thing. "I forget sometimes that you have never seen a mutant from Everwinter, Juno. You have heard the stories, I am sure, but I have seen them in the flesh.” He pauses dramatically. “They are horrible things, aberrations of nature. Their eyes are entirely red, nearly devoid of sight because they live not in the sun. Their bodies are covered in a coarse, reeking white fur that lends them invisibility in the drifting white snow. And worst of all, they feast on the blood and flesh of their dead as it is the most readily available food source."
 Father stops speaking and I look over at Traylor whose jaw is nearly on the floor. I am not quite so gullible, but Traylor is eight years younger than me.
"No, Juno," Father continues, "the mutants of Everwinter are what happens when humanity forsakes the will of the gods and lets nature speak for itself. If we need a more cogent deterrent, we need look no further than our past. To the Forerunners. The ways of the Forerunners..."
"...are the ways of death," I finish with an eye roll. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
"I'm serious, Juno," Father puffs up, sensing my sarcasm.
"You should know me better than that by now, Father," I reply in earnest. "It'll take more than just a few scary stories to convince me there was ever anything wrong with the Forerunners."
 Father nods, deflating somewhat. "You are your Mother's daughter," he concedes. "Very well. There is one last thing I must tell you before you leave. I am certain it will convince you to go, but you won't like hearing it."
I shake my head doubtfully. "What is it?" I ask.
"We're sterile, Juno."
His words echo in my mind. I almost have to ask him to repeat them. Did I just hear that right? 
"You mean everybody, don't you?" I say. "Everyone who was affected by that Box is now sterile."
 Father nods. "Yes, Juno. It was confirmed at the Krakelyn Hospice about a week ago. Unless we find a way to reverse the condition, humanity as we know it will cease to exist within a century." It's my turn for my jaw to drop. Father pulls his eyes away from me when he sees the shocked expression. "Now you know why you and Traylor are so important," he says.
Because we're not sterile, I realize. "But... We're siblings," I interject. "Traylor and I can't breed..."
 Father laughs, almost hysterically. "Gods, no!" he replies. "But this Ursa woman I am sending you to can study your genes and compare them to mutant ones in the hope of finding a reversal switch, so to speak."
I nod with my head hanging to my chest. Everything has just crashed home. Everything is now real.
My brother and I are the last hope for humanity.
When I finally look up, it's not at my Father, but at Altair, his henchman. I know most of my Father's men, but I've never seen this one before in my life. Where had he come from? He doesn't have the look of a southerner. He looks like a cold, hard killer. And I'm supposed to trust this guy with my life? I haven't even heard him speak yet.
"I guess we better move," I finally say, seeing a look of relief explode onto my Father's face.
"The sooner the better," Father agrees. "I've already had the servants pack some gear for–"
BAABOOOOM!!
The entire Manse shakes, seeming to twist on its foundations. Smoke, debris, and the telltale glow of blooming fire emanates from the front of the house. Most of us have ducked for cover, but Altair is already moving, lithely sneaking toward the source of the explosion. He returns less than a minute later.
"Children of Mutanity," he says without preamble. It's the first thing I’ve heard him speak. I'm surprised to find that his voice is soft though, almost tender. "They're at the front of the house but moving to surround us."
"Altair, get my children out of here," Father orders. Altair simply nods. The young man gestures for Traylor and I to move when–
"HIGH DEACON, JONATHAN QUINN!" an amplified voice calls out from the back of the house. "WE KNOW YOUR DAUGHTER IS PURE! WE KNOW YOU HAVE THE LAST HUMAN!"
Altair curses and I look out the patio doors to see the Children of Mutanity are now in the backyard. The entire house is surrounded. Altair tells us to stay where we are then starts moving from window to window. By the time he comes back to the kitchen, the backyard is full of Children and a man I'd hoped to never see again so long as I live.
The slave trader.
The fat man is standing next to another man who seems to be calling the shots, brandishing a shooting iron. I shudder in revulsion. The man in charge is holding a cone shaped object I've seen used at the docks before. An amp, they call it. 
"YOUR HOUSE IS SURROUNDED, DEACON QUINN. SURRENDER PEACEFULLY, AND THIS WON'T HAVE TO COME TO VIOLENCE. ALL WE WANT IS YOUR DAUGHTER."
 Father grits his teeth. I can almost hear them grinding. "Blaine," he says. 
The name registers instantly in my mind. Blaine is said to be my Father's 'Third', under Thomas Whiskeyjack, though no such position actually exists. He’s rumored to be a zealous man, fervent to the point of extremism. But that’s about all I'd heard about him. Blaine is hard looking, with a square jaw, black hair peppered with gray and equally graying stubble. One of his eyes is nearly squeezed shut by a bulbous tumor growing over it. 
"YOU HAVE ONE MINUTE TO COMPLY," he announces over the amp.
I watch my Father turn to Altair, a desperate look on his face. "I'll need less than that," Altair states coldly, gesturing for us to follow him through the house. As we move, a servant arrives with something I'd only seen once before in my life until today: a shooting iron. The servant hands the weapon to my Father.
"Thank you, Asha," Father says, giving the iron a quick once over.
"What in bloody ashes is that?" I ask, Father’s own immortal words echoing in my mind: The ways of the Forerunners are the ways of death...
 Father just shrugs sheepishly at his own hypocrisy. "Sometimes rules must be broken for the greater good," he replies.
I shake my head as we stop at the end of the main hall. Altair urges us to keep back from the window even as he approaches it. He unlatches it and lets it swing wide. Instantly, there's a hue and cry from outside. Altair's hands move in a blur and the cries are silenced. "Come on," he says, leaping through the opening, landing in the yard. I push Traylor through first then quickly follow. We're in the east garden. On the ground are two men I recognize as former Deacons, both lying face up in pools of their own blood. Altair reaches down to them, pulling a pair of sharp, silvery objects from each of their throats. 
Throwing stars.
The weapons of an Assassin! 
Just who had my Father fallen in with here?
There are no other men around, but shouts are beginning to issue from nearby. The garden is thick, all sculpted shrubs, flowering trees, and vines, shrouding our presence for the moment. 
"Come with us!" I hear Traylor plead, turning to see him standing at the open window, looking up at our Father still inside. "Please!"
"You know I can't, Traylor," Father argues. "Now go, we don't have time to–" Father breaks off and raises his shooting iron, aiming at a man who has just appeared between two hedges. He pulls the trigger and the roar is deafening in our proximity. The unwary man drops, clutching the gaping hole now frothing blood from his chest. "GO!" Father orders. "I'll hold them off!" 
Altair grabs Traylor and me by the shoulders and quickly marches us away from the house and into the thick of the garden, coming to the east wall moments later. Altair boosts Traylor over the stone edifice into the woods on the other side. I follow, wondering how Altair will follow us without someone to boost him. As I clamber over the wall's apex, I hazard a last look at my Father: he's leaning out the window, firing shots at a group of six men advancing toward him. The men are firing back with their own irons. I realize then that it’s hopeless. 
My Father is going to die.
I can't let it be in vain.
I let myself drop into the woods next to Traylor, safe. 
Ten seconds later, Altair is with us, seeming to have crawled up the eight foot wall like a spider and leaping to the ground.
Without a word, we turn our backs on Krakelyn and disappear into the forest.




9.

One Week Later.
"Oh! Thank. The. Gods!" I raise my arms to the heavens triumphantly. "I never thought I'd see the open sky again!" 
The sun hits my face full on and I bask in its glow. We'd been traveling under the dense canopy of the Sentinel Forest for the past seven days, and the shade was getting to me. 
It's depressing being in the dark for too long.
A wide, flat road extends through yellowing grasslands below us, snaking a course that follows a meandering river next to it. On the horizon, a wall of snow capped, blunted spires extends as far as the eye can see. Mountains. Real mountains. I'd never seen anything bigger than a hill previously.
"Is that the Spine of the World?" I ask with excitement, turning to Altair. The man simply nods, saying nothing. "You know, could try showing some enthusiasm once in a while," I say, but Altair ignores me, slipping his pack off his shoulder. 
"We break here for lunch," he says, "then we make our way to the road."
"Cool!" Traylor bellows with glee. He's nearly forgotten how much he misses Father already, and now this whole thing seems a very fine adventure to him.
"We must use caution while on the road," Altair continues, biting into a sandwich previously prepared by one of our servants. The last of our rations. "We will be more easily spotted, but it is the most direct course." 
I sigh. We've been almost incessantly on the move this past week, and now the monotony is getting to me. At first, I found Traylor's adventuresome attitude somewhat infectious. I mean, we're on a quest just like in a story! But I've never read a story quite as boring as this one. Once we were well away from Krakelyn and our pursuers, the days became an endless parade of marching through endless tracts of the Sentinel Forest, the brush often so thick it was a wonder Altair knew where he was going. We'd stop only briefly for meals, and sleep only when Altair said so. Also briefly.
I'm exhausted.
Altair urges us to our feet ten minutes later. I look down to see I've only taken two bites of my sandwich, too tired to take any more. My stomach rumbles angrily and I quickly take two more, packing the rest away. I've lost my appetite anyway.
There's still a long way to go.
I keep my eyes on the white of the road as we descend the grassy embankment, realizing for the first time that I'm now as far from home as I've ever been. Jude's been further; he's been all the way to the southern cities on ore runs to the markets. Not for the first time, my thoughts fall to Jude and how much I could use his help right now. Not just as a guide, but as a source of comfort. Altair, stalking the grass ahead of me like a predator, is about as comforting as a butter knife in shark infested waters. And Traylor, my brother, lumping along close behind me, well, we've never really been that close. 
It's the age gap, I think.
"What do you think are the chances Jude cut and run south?" I ask, inching a little closer to Altair. "I mean, when I told him to go into hiding, he was pretty damn terrified the Deacons would find him." I pause, considering. "Maybe he was so scared that he skipped town altogether before the Final Judgment even happened. Maybe he headed east. I mean, nobody in Krakelyn's heard anything about him. And like my Father said, there's no reason for him to stay in hiding now that everyone's–"
"Shut up!" Altair silences me with a quick hand gesture. I'm taken aback by his rudeness. I come up to where he's crouched low in the grass, peering dead ahead.
"What is it?" I whisper as low as I can.
"SHHH!" Altair returns with an even ruder gesture.
"Yeah, Juno, shut up!" Traylor smirks just behind me. I want to elbow him but don't.
Altair guides his right hand up before him, nudging a few blades of the tall, wiry grass aside, opening a surprisingly adequate hole through which to spy. I see the road, but that's all I can see. I wait patiently for a full minute to go by, and still Altair hasn't moved. He's just staring forward. I fidget uncomfortably, lightly clearing my throat.
I can't take it anymore. 
"What are we–" I start to whisper, but am cut off as Altair deftly slips two fingers around my lips, actually pinching them shut. I'm so taken aback that I can do nothing but scowl at the man. The funny thing is, Jude used to do this same thing to me when he’d want me to shut up. For us, though, it was a romantic thing. With Altair, it's just plain weird. He lets me go and puts the same fingers to his own lips, indicating silence. I'm about to make a rude gesture at him when I hear it coming: 
Cla-clop cla-clop cla-clop...
Ten seconds later, my breath is frozen as a large cloaked figure ambles by on a massive black destrier. The man coughs heavily as he passes, seemingly oblivious. I see red cracked sores on an emaciated hand as the man brings a kerchief up to his mouth. He appears to have the wasting disease. 
Rot, some people call it.
His horse, similarly, has lumpy tumors all over its body, but they seem not to hinder the creature. The man gets a few good paces away from us and, surprisingly, Altair urges me forward. I inch up directly beside him.
"Watch the horse's ears," he says calmly. 
Mystified, I do. Altair reaches to the ground and picks up a small, thin twig, dried out and fossilized. I keep watching the horse as it continues to wander away.
Altair snaps the twig.
Nearly instantaneously, the horse's ears twitch in the direction of the sound. The man coughs loudly and turns his head slightly in our direction. Then he turns back after a time and continues on his way, never slowing his mount. We watch him until he's no more than a speck on the horizon.
"Come on," Altair finally says, ushering us onto the road proper. It feels good to have solid, hard packed earth beneath my sandaled toes again. We start walking immediately.
"Do you know who that was?" I ask Altair, trying to make my footsteps as light as possible. Altair's feet seem to make no sound at all.
Altair looks back at me and nods. "He’s a tracker,” he says. “Likely in the employ of the Children of Mutanity. Only a tracker watches his horse's ears like that."
I nod, eyes wide. "You almost gave us away, you know."
Altair shakes his head. "He already knew we were nearby."
I hear Traylor gasp from behind me. "How?" he asks in astonishment.
Altair shrugs, still moving purposefully down the road. "The same way I knew he was." He says no more.
"Um, that doesn't explain anything," I interject, but Altair remains silent. We continue on this way for a time, the mountains slowly growing larger on the horizon like the bottom jaw of a saw-toothed fish. "How long 'til we reach the canyon?" I ask, simply trying to fill the void with idle talk.
"Another day," Altair says, adding nothing more.
"Ugh," I complain, but carry on nonetheless. "You know," I continue, "you cut me off earlier before answering my question."
Altair sighs audibly in front of me. "What question?" he asks. 
"Do you think Jude could have cut and run south before the Final Judgment? I only ask 'cause you seem to be in the know about a lot of stuff."
"I don't know," Altair states simply, and I get the feeling that he is being honest.
"I just wish I could've at least looked for him more before leaving Krakelyn. I feel like I've abandoned him, you know?" 
I love you, Juno Quinn...
Jude's last words to me echo in my mind. 
And I never said it back. 
At the time, I hadn't known what to say.
Altair and Traylor say nothing. 
The rest of the day's walk I spend in reflective silence. I'm sure Altair would have liked to do the same, but Traylor keeps him busy with incessant question asking. Stupid stuff, mostly. I get the feeling Altair doesn't mind though. He even smiles when Traylor makes a joke. It looks good on him, almost making up for the horrible, puss filled rash on his face. I helped put that rash there, I have to remind myself, the memory of the cursed Box on the beach flashing through my head.
When it becomes clear to him that we're more than just a little fatigued, Altair calls a halt. It's the middle of the night, technically, but again, the sun doesn't ever set in Eversummer. He leads us off the road at a small, babbling brook, adamant that we walk directly through the water so as to not leave a trail as we go. By the time we reach a small copse of trees a few hundred feet inland, my feet are drenched. I hang up my sandals on a nearby bush and collapse into the small pile of leaves beneath it, falling asleep instantly.
As I close my eyes, I see Altair standing watch at the edge of the copse, staring back toward the road.
Doesn't that man ever sleep?
I'm out before I can come up with an answer.




10.

Altair wakes us an interminable time later.
"Wake up! Now!"
I bolt upright like a stepped on rake, my heart hammering, a million terrible scenarios blasting through my mind at once. 
Have the Children found us? 
Did something happen to Traylor? 
"What's wrong?" I ask, breathless.
Altair simply shrugs. "Nothing. It's time to go." A hint of a smile curls onto his lips.
"That's not cool," I grumble, scowling when I see a similarly mischievous look on Traylor's already woken face. 
Are these two conspiring against me now?
We munch quickly on the very last of our rations, and Altair mentions something about hunting and foraging. 
"Hunting's all on you," I say to him, "but foraging I can manage. I've worked in the Glass Gardens long enough to know what's edible."
Altair nods, actually seeming impressed. "Let's get moving," he commands. 
Traylor and I obey. 
I don't know how long we've been asleep, but I feel more refreshed now than I have in a long time. Maybe Altair felt bad for marching us so heavily this past week.
Maybe the man has a heart after all.       
We make it to the road, pausing to make sure the way is clear, then continue just as we had the day before. We go on for a few hours in silence, simply enjoying the morning. 
"Any sign of trouble while we were asleep?" I finally ask, coming up next to Altair, matching his stern pace for the first time today. The mountains are not far off now, seeming to stretch infinitely to the sky. We'll be in the foothills in less than an hour, I estimate.
He shakes his head. "No, but I do not believe we are out of hot water yet. Before we left the road yesterday, I lost the trail of that man's horse."
"You mean the coughing man?" I ask to clarify.
Altair nods. "I think he may have taken a path off the road, but I cannot be sure." There are multiple animal trails leading into and out of the grasslands along the road, but most are barely wide enough to accommodate a man, let alone a destrier. "Trackers cover themselves well,” Altair explains, “guiding their horses where they know a track is less likely to print." His words make me nervous. Until now, I’d considered Altair to be infallible; that nothing could genuinely harm us while we are in his presence. It turns out, unfortunately, that he is human, after all.
"Should we be concerned?" I ask, feeling a bit more anxious.
Altair shakes his head. "No. I do not think it will be a problem. In fact–"
KRAKOOOOM!
Something crashes into the dirt directly between us, sending up a spray of rock that I'm forced to shield my face from. Altair whips around instantly, pushing myself and Traylor behind him. His hands are a blur, producing the deadly throwing stars I'd seen him use only once before. Seconds later, the coughing man and his horse emerge from the tall grass a half mile down the road, holding something high and clear over his head.
A shooting iron.
The man lowers the weapon and points it directly at us. This time, the ground next to Traylor explodes in a pulverized hail. The man lets forth a spine tingling wail and kicks his destrier in the ribs, urging the animal into a charge. Altair holds his ground while Traylor and I begin to slip in the opposite direction. The horse keeps coming, and Altair raises his arm to fire a star. I sense that this is going to be over very quickly. Without warning, the coughing man pulls his horse to a sudden halt, still a good distance down the road. Altair lowers his arm and stands erect.
"He is just out of my range and he knows it," he says in a defeated tone. He watches as the man raises the shooting iron once more. "RUN!" Altair bellows. We do, dashing headlong down the road toward the Spine of the World. Altair remains at the rear, trotting behind just me. I hear another shot, but it doesn't seem to come near. I slow a bit and let Altair catch up to me. 
"Shouldn't we try and lose him in the grass or something?" I ask, gesturing to the tall vegetation lining the road beside us.
"With our quarry on a destrier?" Altair replies in a mocking tone. "He'd be able to see us easily while we’d be left blind."
"Oh," is all I can come up with.
Altair frowns. "Don’t worry. I don’t believe he means to kill us. I think he merely wishes to corral us. Elsewise, he would have shot us down already."
"Corral us?" I ask, still running. "Where?" Ahead, the mountains are a lot larger than last I'd looked at them.
"A trap," Altair states matter of factly, adding nothing more. I almost put the brakes on, but Altair doesn’t falter so I keep up to him. Traylor, though his legs are short, has little trouble keeping up as well. He's used to people chasing him around Krakelyn, the little bastard.
I raise my eyebrows at Altair. "You know there's a trap up ahead and you're leading us straight to it?" There has to be something I'm missing, but Altair only nods, pulling away from me. "Thanks for clearing that up!" I call. I hazard a look back, seeing the man on the horse now trotting after us casually, not coming up on us like he very well could. He sees my scrutiny and aims the shooter but doesn't fire.
Altair is right. This man is simply coaxing us onward.
I look forward again to see that Altair is way ahead of us now, an indistinct blob on the horizon. 
"Is he leaving?" Traylor asks, the panic prevalent in his voice.
"No," I say, trying to sound confident. "He must have some trick of his own waiting up ahead." I hope the words sound genuine, because saying them certainly doesn't feel that way. We've slowed to a brisk jog and the coughing man slows his mount accordingly, keeping us in range. I've lost sight of Altair, but the road is coming to a rise and he's probably just on the other side of it.
"Come on," I urge Traylor, pushing our pace just a little harder. I start to puff. I can feel the air getting thinner. We must be getting close to the Bleaklands. Where is Altair? We crest the rise and what we find halts us dead in our tracks.
It's not Altair at all. 
A massive canyon lies before us, the first real influence the Spine of the World has on the terrain in this area. The canyon is spanned by an equally massive bridge, constructed of Sentinel logs and metal rivets scavenged from Forerunner artifacts. At the bridge's entrance, a posse of six men, all atop destriers of their own, waits for us. Shouts rise up at our appearance and the men point, two pulling out shooting irons, the rest producing bows or clubs. My heart wants to leap from my chest.
Altair, where are you?
As if in response, I hear a twig snap beside the road and a familiar, lanky shape appears from behind a leafy broadwood tree. It's Altair, carrying a strange object I've never seen before. It's clearly metal, but painted a dull grey with a curious tube-like attachment coming off the top, terminating in an equally curious triangular apparatus.
"Come! Quickly!" Altair orders. Traylor and I dash into the grass next to the tree without a word. Altair starts running and we follow him, out into the grass, headed toward the canyon's edge. The shouts and cries behind us are growing louder and angrier. I quickly glance back to see that the posse had gathered at the top of the rise where we left the road. 
The coughing man is with them. 
More shouts are produced, and then the men are following us into the grass. My adrenaline boosts and I want to push harder, but Altair is keeping the same pace, never panicking. 
I'll have to get him to teach me how to do that sometime.
We're coming up on the lip of the canyon now and, for the first time, I realize that we're headed for a potential dead end. Unless Altair has a way for us to get down the cliffside, these men will run us down in a matter of minutes! The grass ends abruptly at the rock, about ten feet from the edge. Altair waits for us to catch up to him then pushes us ahead, running along the cliff away from the bridge.
"What are we doing?" I call back to the man. I look down into the canyon only when I dare, the height otherwise dizzying. It seems as deep as the mountains are tall, a tiny, sinuous blue line marking a stream at the bottom. From what I can tell, there's no way down other than falling.
"Just keep running!" Altair calls back, still lugging that bizarre metal tank with him. I huff, but don't question it. He hasn't led us astray yet.
The ground begins to slope upward, rising higher in rocky steps. A massive report issues behind us, the step I'm bounding over exploding into rocky shrapnel. I scream but keep going, turning to see Altair whipping one of his Assassin stars at the man who'd just fired his iron, taking his horse in the throat. The man and animal topple as one. The other men take his place.
We can't win this, I think, slowing a little.
Then I'm slowing more. 
It's not an intentional thing. I literally can't keep pace, finding it harder and harder to draw breath. Traylor, just ahead of me, seems to be in a similar state. I look back, my head swimming through jelly. Altair is behind us, waving for us to keep going as long as possible. The men on their horses are taking aim with their weapons.
Then something weird happens.
Their horses start dropping.
As if there are carpets being drawn from beneath their feet, the horses begin to tumble to the rock, one man sent reeling over the cliff. I can't hear his screams though. I can't hear anything. It's as if my ears are stuffed with cotton. My vision is blurring too. I look down and realize I'm not running anymore. My face is on the ground.
"You did it!" an indistinct voice admonishes, a blurry shape pulling me over onto my back. "You did it." The shape pushes something over my face and, with a hissing crackle, air rushes into my lungs. The sensation is sweet but overwhelming.
I black out. 




11.

"She's coming around," a high pitched yet familiar voice says, shaking me. "Hey, you alright, Juno? Can you hear me?"
I open my eyes.
Traylor is leaning over me, grinning like an idiot. I scowl at him hard. "Yup, she's alright," Traylor says with a smirk.
I sit up.
The world swims across my vision. Disoriented doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling.
"Careful," another voice says. "You're gonna wanna watch your step up here." It's Altair. I can't see him, but his voice comes from the left. I turn my head that way and find I'm leaning against a wall, cold and smooth, pulling myself up against it. I get to my knees and sway, falling over in the other direction. My hands grope but find nothing as I tumble headfirst, the rest of my body following–
I stop.
Something's snagged me by the belt, pulling me back. I come to rest against the wall again, seeing that it’s Altair that saved me. We're sitting in a cleft in a rock face, the floor a mere three feet wide from the edge. I lean out, guessing we're about halfway down the canyon wall. Above, a narrow chimney in the rock indicates that we’d actually climbed down here. I don't remember doing it.
"What happened?" I ask, still in shock. "How did we get down here?" The last thing I remember is seeing those men falling from their horses.
"The Bleaklands saved us," Altair answers nonchalantly.
"Yeah, and that iron lung of yours," Traylor interjects.
Iron lung? I stare at Altair incredulously, my eyes falling to the dull grey object on the ground beside him. Traylor goes to it, grasping the clear, triangular object at the end of the tube. He puts it over his face and twists a knob, a hissing crackle the result.
"See?" Traylor says, taking a mouthful of gas. "An iron lung! It lets us breathe when there is no air!"
"Okay, Traylor," Altair admonishes, going over to the lung and twisting the knob back shut. "It's not a toy. There’s a limited supply inside of it."
Traylor shrugs, stepping away.
"That's amazing," I say, recalling now that I had seen Altair put the mask over my face just before I'd lost consciousness. "Where did you come across such a device?" I ask, both curious and wary. This surely is an artifact of the Forerunners.
"It came from Everwinter," Altair answers, as if that was sufficient. "I always keep a few supply stashes ready in case I must travel across Bleaklands."
I take a deep breath, the air seeming just fine where we sit. "I can breathe. Does that mean we're out of the Bleaklands already?" I'm hoping I missed most of the trip whilst unconscious.
"The Bleaklands are everywhere," Altair replies through tight lips. "They cover the entire world, Juno, but only in patches. There is not one definitive area that one might call the Bleaklands. We’ve made it out of one patch, but there will be others."
"I see," I say, nodding. "You learn something new about the world every day."
"You can say that again," Traylor agrees wholeheartedly.
"The iron lung will get us through the worst of it," Altair continues, "but we should get moving again. Those men do not have iron lungs, but it will not take them long to get around the Bleakpatch once they have recovered."
I sag visibly. "So they're not dead, I take it?"
Altair shakes his head. "Only one met his end. They passed out once the air got too thin but, as I said, they will recover."
"Too bad," I grumble.
"Come on," Altair says, slipping the iron lung back into his pack. "Another day, maybe two, and we’ll be in the southern cities." With that, he disappears into the large crack in the wall, just wide enough to accommodate him. Traylor looks at me, shrugs, then follows suit. 
"I hate working with men," I say to myself, following Traylor into the crack. The shaft seems to stretch from the top of the cliff all the way to the bottom. Below me, Traylor and Altair are already down quite a ways, climbing the shaft as if it were a simple ladder. I mimic their movements and find the going fairly easy.
I look up a final time. "How the hells did you guys get me down here anyway?" I call after them.
Altair just looks up at me and smiles.




12.

"What do you think it is?" I whisper, leaning again to peer around the rock.
"I am unsure," Altair replies, shifting his position slightly. "We may be able to slip past them, but I fear what will happen if we are detected." 
I sigh audibly. Nothing's ever easy anymore.
We're finally coming to the end of the canyon.
After following the stream at the bottom for over a day, the rocky, sentinel pine covered faces of the canyon slowly gave way to scrub and stunted bushes. The air is getting warmer, the canyon walls now built of layered strata rather than solid blocks. The change happened quickly.
The deserts of the south are not far off now.
"What if we just blended in with them, you know?" Traylor speaks up for the first time. 
I eyeball my little brother incredulously. "That'd probably be suicide, buddy," I reply in earnest. "These people could be Children of Mutanity." I pause and stare at the gathered mass at the mouth of the canyon. It can't be coincidence that they're camped out here. The canyon is the most direct route south from Krakelyn. Travelers have to come this way unless they want to pass over the Spine of the World, which takes weeks longer. "They don't seem like Children though, do they?" I add.
The little and only experience I've had with the Children of Mutanity hadn't been a positive one. Brainwashed, bloodthirsty savages, people who can't handle the fact that their gods had turned their backs on them. They've been living a lie their whole lives. Well, we all have. The difference is, I never believed in their gods in the first place. I can't imagine the Children holding a silent vigil in support of their cause, as the people camped out before us seem to be doing. The Children use fear to rein in their masses, and fear is seldom silent.
With a gasp, I suddenly realize what this gathering is. There's a lone spire standing near the mouth of the canyon and the people, a few hundred of them, are gathered right around it. I very much want to go down there and join them.
I elbow Traylor. "What do you think?" I ask, keeping my eyes on the crowd.
Traylor shrugs. "I dunno," he answers truthfully. "Maybe it’s–"
"Traylor!" I interrupt, nearly yelling. "There's a spider on your foot!" Traylor squeals instantly, bolting from our hiding spot behind an irregular boulder. Traylor hates spiders. 
Too bad there isn't actually one there.
Altair curses at me, going after Traylor. 
Smiling, I use the opportunity to slip away, casually, headed straight for the gathering up ahead.




13.

I've got my hood pulled up all the way, obscuring most of my face, and I'm not the only one disguised in such a way. Plenty of others at the vigil are covered up. Though from what I can see of them–hands, chins–their skin is blemished and pockmarked. 
Mutated.
I suddenly feel naked, but I'm already at the center of the throng and no one has given me a second glance. I gently push my way to the freestanding rock spire around which everyone is grouped, finally discovering the truth of this silent vigil. 
It's a vigil for the dead, for a world that no longer exists.
Around the fifty foot base of the spire, laid out with care, are flowers, wreaths, incense, and burning candles. Above these offerings, either carved into the rock or scrawled with chalk, is the names of hundreds of people–dead people–along with messages from their loved ones. 
"Why would the gods do this to us?" I hear a voice ask in despair. "Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live... Ha!" A woman has just finished scrawling a name onto the spire, crying. "If the gods wanted us to kill ourselves as these people did," the woman gestures to the spire, "then why make us do it ourselves? They know the stubborn nature of humanity." She points theatrically to the heavens. "I won't do your dirty work for you! You hear me?" She yells it, but the crowd only murmurs, falling back into their self-deprecating stupor. 
With a gasp, I realize that this is a monument to those who had killed themselves in accordance with our religion, the True Body Plan, after the mutations occurred. 
Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live. 
These people killed themselves because of me, I think, squeezing my eyes shut to hold back the tears. 
What would these people do right now if they knew the truth?
"It was all a lie," I say, surprising myself. 
The pissed off woman whirls on me, her icy eyes seeming to bore a hole through my disguise. "That's kind of what I was getting at with my little speech there," she snaps at me sarcastically. 
I shake my head, realizing all eyes in the immediate vicinity are on me. "Uh, yeah, I know," I stammer. "I just... I meant that sometimes it’s easier to believe a lie than to accept the truth. Religion is a form of control. Somebody in the distant past, probably one of the Forerunners, had a hate on for mutations and created a doctrine to reinforce that belief. Unfortunately, a lot of other people started believing it too." 
The woman's face appears to melt before my eyes–and not because it's covered in tumors. The scowl she’d formerly been wearing morphs into a mask of pure astonishment. Sometimes I forget that I'm not like ordinary people. I'm the High Deacon's daughter! And as such, I’m privy to just a little bit more of the inner workings of our religion than most. 
I forget that sometimes.
"That," the woman manages to stammer from a slackly hanging jaw, "is very perceptive," she says. "One of the smartest things I think I've heard anyone mutter since the Final Judgment."
"Um, thanks," I say sheepishly.
The woman steps boldly toward me, hand outstretched. Her dark hair is falling out in patches. "I'm Bruna," she says as I take her hand timidly.
"June," I reply without thinking, modifying my real name slightly.
"Good to know you, June," Bruna returns in kind. She steps even closer, peering now directly into my dark hood. "You have the tune of a northerner in your accent," she says. "Are you from Krakelyn?"
I shift uneasily. "Near there," I reply, offering nothing further. Why is Bruna scrutinizing me so much?
"There is no longer a need to hide your face, June. Here especially. Having said something so profound earlier, I am surprised that you continue to do so. From your words, it is clear that you do not follow the old ways. Do you believe mutations to be an abomination?"
"No," I answer immediately, blunt and firm.
"Then, please, do not hide your face! It is so rare to find someone with such a high level of thinking. Think of the good you could do! If you were to preach your message about the faults of the True Body Plan, all the while keeping your face fully exposed, others might be inspired to abandon the old ways as well!"
Bruna stops talking, but I do not respond. I don't know how.
"Please, June," she says, "do not continue to perpetuate the lie. That is what got us in this mess to begin with!"
For the first time since meeting Bruna, I now notice the other people around me as well. They are mostly silent, but as they were all enveloped in their own personal griefs earlier, now they are enveloped in me. Staring at me. Looking back at all those expectant faces, something inside me lets go. 
These people need me...
I reach up to the hem of my hood, letting the rough spun material glide gently over my fingers–
KRAKOOOOM!! 
A whip crack of sound, all too familiar to me now, cuts through the silence like a diamond bore. Every eye at the vigil is drawn to the source of the shot, where a now steady rumble similar to that of an oil-fired engine echoes toward us. Indeed, half a minute later, two yellow spinning lights, sitting atop two bizarre wheeled contraptions, appear through the leafless trees that line the road leading out of the canyon, headed straight for us. The vehicles are unlike any I'm accustomed to, but who knows what kind of Forerunner tech they've exhumed in the south? Father always says southerners are too lax when it comes to avoiding the old ways. The vehicles are identical, each with four wheels–two large ones at the back, two smaller ones at the front–green, tall, and fronted by a massive metal scoop which the pilots appear to be manipulating from the open cab behind it.
The fast traveling conveyances leave the road at the edge of the gathering, slowing not a bit, forcing the revelers to leap out of the way, cursing and screaming. I'm on the other side of the pillar, but my outrage at this disturbance is equal to theirs. The machines force their way to the pillar, pulling directly up to the natural object and placing their scoops against it, one next to the other. The cab of each vehicle contains two people, and I stand on tip toe in the now surging throng to see one of them raise a hand, yelling something. The engines of the machines whine loudly and spew forth great billowing black clouds as their scoops are rammed full bore into the pillar. 
My first thought is that there is no way these relatively small machines can topple such a massive natural feature. But within moments, it becomes clear that that is not the case. The rock near the base of the spire splits, then cracks, then topples over, sending more people trampling out of the way. It might have been my imagination, but I think I actually see someone try and push back against the other side of the pillar, trying to hold it up. 
And then the person is gone.
With their cruel task over and done with, the four pilots of the two machines power down their engines, disembarking from their respective cabs. They're people, like any others I'd met in my life, three men and one woman, all covered in boils and tumors. 
And they all carry shooting irons. 
The largest man, carrying himself like a leader, leaps atop the remains of the toppled spire and raises his hands to the sky like a preacher addressing a congregation. 
"You people cling to the past!" the man announces without preamble. He gestures to the remains of the scrawled names on the rock. "You mourn for those that took their own lives when the gods turned their backs on us, but you should be rejoicing! The weak have weeded themselves out! Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live? Ha!" 
I get a cold sense of déjà vu at this proclamation; Bruna and I lock eyes momentarily. This man is saying pretty much everything we’d talked about moments earlier.
"If the gods truly wished for a mutation free world, why would they create one that is full of them? Why not just start over? Why not destroy us? Such a thing makes little sense. No, what has become clear to us now, the Children of Mutanity, is not that we are being punished by the gods, but rewarded!" I should have known that these psychos are Children, I curse to myself. "The True Body Plan is mutations," the speaking man continues. "Brothers and sisters, it is our mission to ensure that the old world, the pure world, is left for dead, forgotten and buried. Thou shalt only suffer a mutant to live!"
Confused murmurs erupt from the crowd, the speaking man staring at them expectantly. Did he really think that little speech would be enough to make them forget where they came from? Until now, I'd had some hope that the Children of Mutanity were a local phenomenon, confined only to Krakelyn.
Some diseases travel faster than others, it would seem.
"Come!" the speaking man admonishes once more. "Brothers and Sisters, join us! Have no fear! You have only to embrace what you are! You are mutants! Do not hide it! If you wear a mask or hood, remove it, so that we may revel in what the gods have made us!" The speaking man gestures to his counterparts. Shooters raised, they move into the crowd, pulling away disguises with force where necessary.
I'm in trouble.
There are only so many people in the crowd, and few are willing to defiantly keep themselves masked against the Children. I watch them, striking an old man in the gut with one of their irons, ripping away his cloak. The man's face is weathered and severely wrinkled, but he has little more than a rash on his face. The Final Judgment was easy on him, it would seem.
"Now see here!" the speaking man announces, bringing all eyes to the old man. "A remnant of the pure blood! This man has hardly been touched by the Final Judgment!"
The crowd murmurs their angry disapproval of the speaking man's appraisal, but none are willing to stand up to those shooting irons. Not that I blame them.
"I condemn thee, pure blood! I cannot allow your purity to be passed on. Thou shalt only suffer a mutant to live!"
And with that, the speaking man levels his iron and pulls the trigger. The old man drops like a wet sack, horrified screams issuing from the crowd at the same instant. Without pause, the Children are back to work on the crowd. Nearly all the remaining holdouts have removed their disguises.
I'm the only one left. 
"You there!" the speaking man calls out, pointing directly at me. "Don't move!" I'm panicking. All eyes are on me. Bruna is urging me to remove my hood and be done with it.
Either way, I'm dead. 
The realization hits me like a ton of bricks. 
My anger surges. 
Haven't these people taken enough from me already? 
They killed my Father. 
My anger boils. Bastards!
"No!" I scream, bolting from their advance. I leap atop the fallen spire and, in one deft movement, let my cloak slip from my body, fully revealing my unblemished face. "You bastards killed my Father!" I scream. "You just try and take me without a fight!" The Children approach and I ready my legs to strike out. It's my own fault I'm in this mess, so I might as well try and make it somewhat worth it. 
The speaking man and his two cronies stop when they reach my vantage, staring up at me with wide grins. Their weapons are lowered, however. "You are a feisty one, aren't you?" the speaking man comments with a sneer. They don't move. What are they waiting for?
There's only three of them in front of me! I realize.
 "Bloody ashes!" I murmur. "Where's the fourth–"
My words cut off as something hard, cold, and sharp presses into my throat. A blade. The sweet breath of the lone Child woman snakes into my ears: "Don't move, pureblood."
I don't.
Seconds later, the speaking man is next to me, staring intently at my face, running his dirty fingers across it. "Impossible!" he asserts. "This must be some form of trickery! A new method of painting the face, perhaps?" To my disgust, he spits on one outstretched palm and smears the result across my cheek, trying to remove the disguise he thinks I'm wearing.
The knife presses harder so I don't protest. 
He frowns at me deeply. "Release her," he orders the woman. I can feel her reluctance, but the woman finally relents, allowing full breath to enter my lungs again. 
"What are you, pureblood?" the speaking man asks, his fingers running restlessly over the butt of his iron. "We have never found one so pure." He pauses, stepping close but keeping his hands to himself. "Are there more of you?" The lust is clear in his stare. 
"No," I state, simple and blunt. "My name is Juno Quinn, and I am the last human." I step back from the speaking man and, hardly believing I am doing it myself, lift the bottom of my tunic top upward, revealing my flat, pale belly, and small, budding breasts.
All unblemished.
The gasps that issue from the crowd at that moment are nearly deafening. My eyes fall to Bruna, who's smiling up at me like I've just saved the world. A massive crash mutes the crowd, and I lower my shirt to see the speaking man snarling, holding a smoking shooting iron skyward but now leveling it straight at me.
"The last human must die," he says without emotion. In that moment, some of my Father's last words to me flash through my mind...

"We're sterile, Juno."
"You mean everybody, don't you?" I say. "Everyone who was affected by the Box is sterile."
 Father nods. "Yes, Juno. It was confirmed at the Krakelyn Hospice about a week ago. Unless we find a way to reverse the condition, humanity as we know it will cease to exist within a century. Now you know why you and Traylor are so important..." 

These people don't know the truth. 
They are doomed without me!
I open my mouth to speak but find no words. I have to impart how important I am to these brainwashed dummies! 
"I... You... Don't..."
The speaking man's finger twitches on the trigger, my entire body shuddering in mimic with horrible anticipation. My only consolation is knowing that I am not really the last human. I have a brother. There's still Traylor, and as long as Altair gets him to this Ursa woman, there is still hope. 
The speaking man's trigger finger has stopped twitching.
I squeeze my eyes shut around the tears. 
Here it comes.
THHHHUUUNNNKKK!
I hear a metallic clanking noise, followed by a brief but sharp exaltation of pain, neither having to do with me.
I open my eyes. 
The speaking man has both hands on his neck, trying to stem a tide of blood leaking from a small but deep incision at his throat. On the ground in front of him, both the shooting iron and a familiar looking silver metal star lay like corpses drenched in blood. The speaking man's cohorts approach him with guns drawn toward the onlookers, demanding to know what happened.
I smirk. 
Altair's throwing star had been silent. Nobody knows what's really going on yet. 
The speaking man, growing paler by the second, finally collapses from blood loss, falling face first off the fallen pillar. 
"Who did it!" the lone woman among the Children of Mutanity demands of the crowd. "Tell me who killed him or I swear to the gods I will open fire on–OW!"
Something, it looks like a rock, comes sailing out of nowhere, falling to strike the woman above her right eye. She swings her shooter in the direction of the attack, causing everyone in the vicinity to scream, run, and duck for cover.
"Who bloody did it!" the woman curses. Shouts erupt behind her, and she whirls once more to find her two remaining companions on the ground, being beaten savagely by a now rioting mob. 
"NO!" the woman screams, opening fire, sending shot after shot into the nearly defenseless crowd. Bodies fall, blood spurts, screams erupt. The riot has turned into a stampede, but I'm out of the flow, still standing atop the toppled spire. The crazy woman's eyes find me and she snarls, swinging her weapon up in a last ditch effort.
Except it never gets there.
Another silvery star streaks from the edge of my vision, slicing directly into the woman's hand, causing her to scream and drop the weapon immediately. Altair is there seconds later, holding more stars and a small, three pronged weapon. 
Where had he gotten that?
The woman sees Altair, bellowing in rage, and comes at him swinging, blows which the trained Assassin dodges with ease. She kicks and he lowers his body, raising his pronged weapon at the same time, her shin crashing into the sharp, unyielding metal. She screams and drops, holding a now gaping wound in her leg. She curses at Altair but he kicks her under the chin and she goes limp. 
Unconscious, not dead.
The crowd has mostly dispersed, scattering in all directions into the desert, leaving everything in their camp behind.
Altair whirls from his defeated foe and stalks directly toward me, eyes blazing. "What in the name of the gods is wrong with you!" he roars, grabbing me harshly by the shoulder.
"Hey!" I protest. "Take it easy!"
"This is the least I should do to you!" he retorts, beginning to drag me back toward the canyon mouth where we’d been hiding earlier. A small, completely cloaked figure emerges at our approach. I sigh in relief to see that Traylor is safe. "Get over here, Traylor," Altair orders. "We have to leave... Now!"
"Way to go, Juno," Traylor quips, mocking applause. "What was that all about anyway? There wasn't really a spider on me, was there?"
My mind is the opposite of blank, a thousand million excuses flitting in and out of focus. The truth is, I really don't know why I snuck off to join the silent vigil. I really don't. I just... 
"These people were mourning their dead," I finally come up with. "They're the first people we've seen outside of Krakelyn that aren't Children of Mutanity. They had no agenda other than sharing their suffering, easing each other's pain. I needed to be a part of that. I..." I pause, tears welling then spilling down my face. "I haven't grieved for Jude yet."
The floodgates open.
The last thing I'd said was the truth. 
I hadn't grieved yet, creating an emotional dam inside me, waiting to burst.
I love you, Juno Quinn… 
Jude's last words to me, again. 
I break down and cry, leaning against a nearby boulder as my legs turn to jelly. I feel Altair's close looming presence and turn, hoping to find some comfort or at least some empathy from the man. But all I'm rewarded with is a cold, hard stare.
"We don't have time for this, Juno," he says. My heart freezes, anger swelling. "Your little stunt will soon alert other Children within fifty wheels. We have to move. If we're lucky, we can stay ahead of the rumors this incident is likely to spread." Altair pauses, eyes downcast. "But I don't think we will be that lucky. Not now. We'd need to travel at racing horse speed and– What? What is it?"
I'm smiling now, my eyes having fallen on the area around the fallen spire. "Actually," I say, "I think we can do better than a racing horse." Altair and Traylor both follow my gaze.
"No way," Altair says. "Our goal is to remain anonymous, not bring more attention onto ourselves."
"Do you want to stay ahead of those rumors or not?" I retort with a smirk and a head tilt.
Altair sighs and Traylor lights up excitedly, seeing that the man has acquiesced. "Are we gonna get to ride in one of those Forerunner machines?" he asks with childlike glee.
Altair just stares at the tall, green machines with their heavy scoops on the front. "Bloody ashes," he curses.




14.

"The old world is dead," Blaine says, his black hair streaked white under the harsh spotlights the Children had acquired from nearby Apollyon. It's stifling under the canvas pavilion, where a crude wooden platform has been erected. "Embrace that fact and you will do well in the new," Blaine continues, gesturing theatrically to the three individuals kneeling before him on the stage. 
One of the individuals, a man, looks up at Blaine with a smile, admiring the leader's charming charisma and flamboyant air. When you look at the man, you almost can't see the pulsing tumor that nearly swells his right eye shut. You only see a god. Blaine is a man you can look up to. A man you can trust your life with. 
"Rise, Children," Blaine says. 
The individual does as commanded. How can he not? He owes his life to Blaine. The Children of Mutanity had taken him in, made him realize that mutations are nothing to be feared but embraced. The gods had it all wrong–if they ever existed in the first place. If mutants truly are such horrid abominations, why would the gods turn every singly living thing on this planet into one? If a god wanted to destroy its creation, why not just do it? Why make your creation do the dirty work for you? 
Maybe the gods don't have that kind of power, he thinks. 
He shakes his head.
The idea contradicts the very concept of an all powerful entity. All he knows is that these mutations are a blessing, and that the one responsible for them will be rewarded when the time comes.
"Welcome to the Children of Mutanity," Blaine finishes, placing a hand on the individual’s shoulder, looking deeply into his eyes. He becomes lost in that gaze. "I know you will do great things in this new world. What is your name, Child?"
He opens his mouth to answer, but is cut off by screams and shouts erupting from the gathered onlookers under the pavilion. There are about five hundred of them here, but there are other sects all over Eversummer. And Blaine leads them all. Thousands of individuals, all looking for the same thing: stability in an unstable world.
"Blaine!" an exasperated voice calls out. He looks and sees the crowd parting as a ragged woman shambles toward them. At first, he takes the discoloring of her skin as part of her mutation–she is covered in boils–but realizes as she approaches that she is actually covered in dried blood and dark, puffy bruising. 
A large man standing at the stage entrance cuts her off with crossed arms, his skin mottled and peeling as if from a bad sunburn. "You will address him as High Deacon!" the man insists, the woman falling to her knees before the platform.
"I have urgent news, High Deacon!" the woman pleads. The bodyguard turns to Blaine, who nods assent.
"What is it?" Blaine asks.
"I know where the last human is," she answers. 
The crowd erupts into gasps, which Blaine waves down. 
"Go on," he allows.
"My party was ambushed by a group of thugs, just south of the Great Canyonway. I was the only one to survive. The last human was among them."
Blaine raises an eyebrow. "And what did the last human look like?" he asks, clearly skeptical.
The woman's demeanor brightens. "Short, thin, red hair, blue eyes, perfect skin. A pure human." 
The description kindles something within the individual, but he ignores it for the moment. 
"A pure woman," the newcomer adds. "They hijacked one of our plow machines and headed south, toward Venecici."
Blaine pauses, the silence seeming to stretch on to infinite. "If this new world is to survive," he finally says, "we must eradicate any and all vestiges of the old." He pauses again, considering. "Has anyone here ever traveled to Venecici?"
The individual puts his hand to the sky instantly. 
After all, he'd traveled to almost all the southern cities on ore runs for the mine. "I have," he says aloud. Other hands had shot into the air, but he’s already on the stage next to Blaine.
Blaine smiles. "You already prove yourself worthy, Child," he says. "Before we were interrupted, I asked for your name. I would hear it now." 
The crowd seems on the verge of a collective breath.
"Jude," he replies with a smile that never touches his eyes. "I can take you to the last human." 
Those eyes are nearly vacant.




PART II: THE SOUTH


15.

Two days later.
"I love you, Juno Quinn."
"I...I..."
The tides rise higher, now coming up to and covering their ankles. When they'd arrived, the area around the Box was dry, soft beach sand. But the waves are getting bigger, more violent, even though there's no real wind to speak of at the moment. 
One wave rises up and crashes into Jude, causing his left leg to crumble, collapsing like a house made of sand. 
"No!" she calls out, reaching for him. “NO!” But it's too late. 
Another wave strikes, this one bigger and foamier, causing Jude to crumble to a pile at his waist. He looks up at her, reaches for her, pleading. "Please, Juno. I love you!" He reaches for the Box, now half submerged, and his hand crumbles to sand when he touches it.
"I...love..." she begins. But it's over. 
A final wave washes over Jude's disintegrating form and, when it subsides, he's gone. She falls to her knees, screaming, grabbing handfuls of mud. "No, Jude! No!"
She feels a hand on her shoulder and spins, shrieking in surprise. It's Altair. 
"Wake up, Juno," he mouths. "It's time to wake up..."


I open my eyes.
It's not Altair with his hand on my shoulder, but Traylor. 
My little brother smirks at me, eyeing the sweat dripping from my forehead. "That must've been a pretty intense dream," he says. "You were screaming and everything!"
I shake my head, remembering the dream, but letting it fade. "That's weird," I say sheepishly, trying to act coy. "Did I say anything?"
"Just a name," Traylor replies, finally turning away from me, sitting back down on the other side of the fire. 
"What name?" I ask, yawning.
"Jude," the reply comes, but not from Traylor. 
Altair is leaning against a brick pillar–one of the few structures still standing in these ruins–in relative shade. It's fairly dark in here, but the sun still blazes through cracks. Altair's got something in his lap. It takes me a second to realize it’s a pad of paper. A thin stick of charcoal, pilfered from the fire, rests in his right hand, sketching lines, smearing others. I can't make out the drawing from where I lay. 
"Whatcha drawing?" I ask, sitting up fully now, changing the subject. Altair makes a few final strokes then picks up the pad and turns it toward me.
"That's...awesome!" Traylor admonishes.
I, however, am at a loss for words. 
The sketch is of me, asleep on the ground next to the fire. It's so lifelike, the details so real, I almost think I’m looking at one of those 'fotos' in my Father's study. 
"You're the last human," Altair says, noting my silence. "I thought it appropriate to immortalize you the only way I know how."
"Hey, what about me?" Traylor interjects, sounding honestly hurt.
"I was going to do you next, Traylor," Altair soothes. "Never worry. I just happened to catch your sister in a drawable pose first."
Traylor nods, seeming content with that. "What pose should I do?" he asks. 
Altair shakes his head. "None for now. We need to get going again." He turns to peek around the red brick pillar. Traylor and I follow his gaze to where we'd parked the big Forerunner plow inside these ruins. Altair has already admitted that taking the plow was a good idea. We made almost a hundred wheels in less than a day yesterday! 
We've seen no one else on the road, so far.
Whatever this building had been formerly, it was large enough to accommodate a dozen vehicles similar to our own. The roof over our heads is actually the floor above, miraculously still standing. This building once had multiple levels. We aren't sure if it was built by the Forerunners or a later civilization, but it's been picked clean of anything useful; we made sure of that before settling down for sleep. The only thing of note we’d discovered was a tarnished brass pole, standing on its own near the edge of the large main room. The floor above it had given way, so there was little to indicate as to what its purpose had been.
Strange indeed.
Altair is on his feet now, snuffing the fire out with his heavy boots. My stomach rumbles. We haven't eaten in almost two days. 
Altair notices my discomfort. "We will be in the port cities in a few hours," he announces. "We will find all that we need there. We should arrive in Venecici by day's end."
"Thank the gods," I say with a huff. "Hey," I add, as if in afterthought, "since we're passing through the ports, do you think we could, you know, ask around, see if anyone's seen or heard from Jude?" I pull my lips in, seeing the look on Altair's face.
"You know we can't," he replies, all business, as usual. He stalks over to the plow machine, climbs aboard, and starts the engine, letting it warm up. I sigh, feeling guiltier than ever. 
I love you, Juno Quinn...
"Maybe you can't," I say, under my breath, "but I can. Once we find this Ursa woman, and she does whatever it is she needs to do with me, then there is no we anymore. I will find Jude."
I start to pack up what little I have left, thankful that the final leg of our exhausting journey is about to come to an end.
Thank the gods, I think with a smile. Jude, where are you?




16.

"It's you or him, Child Jude. There is no other way. This man is guilty of hiding his mutation–as if it is something to be ashamed of!"
Jude nods.
He knows everything Blaine is telling him is true. And yet, he hesitates. Why?
It was wrong to be a mutant at one time, wasn't it?
He can't remember.
Things have gotten so hazy since joining the Children of Mutanity. All he knows is that the world has changed. Mutations are now the norm, and any attempts to hide them from view are outlawed.
Thou shalt only suffer a mutant to live.
Jude raises the shooting iron.
"That's right," Blaine hisses into his ear, not unlike the snake in that old tale about the First Paradise. "This man deserves to die. All you have to do is squeeze the trigger."
The man in question is shuddering, on his knees before the gathering, eyes downcast. Blaine's group of Children–one hundred strong here–had been traveling south along the Canyonway, coming upon this poor vagabond alone, his head and body completely covered by a hooded cloak.
Blasphemy!
They had set upon him immediately.
Jude pauses a moment, feeling the weight of the shooting iron in both his hand and his mind. This is his first time holding such a weapon, and the power it entails overwhelms him. 
I hold this man's life in my hands, he thinks, turning the weapon sideways, admiring the tarnished metal. He glances around. I hold all of their lives at this moment! I could kill any one of them right now! Even Blaine. He gasps mentally at the audacity of such a thought. 
Sure, he could kill them, but in turn he would be just as dead. 
He wasn't the only one with a shooting iron here.
He looks down at the vagabond once more.
The man is sobbing now, naked. The Children have torn away his clothing, revealing a body ravaged by weeping sores and rotting flesh. The Final Judgment had been hard on him. 
A pity, but such was life.
It's not my fault this is happening…
"Look at me," Jude orders, leveling the weapon at the man's head. But the man doesn't listen. "LOOK AT ME!" Jude is shocked at his own tone, but it works because the man finally looks up, eyes watery. "Do you deny hiding what you are from the gods?" 
The vagrant shakes his head. "I wasn't hiding anything!" he pleads in a wavery voice. "I was cold! I had to keep myself covered!"
Jude laughs, along with his comrades. "In case you haven't noticed, good sir, this is the desert. It's never cold here."
The vag nods, desperate. "I... It's because of my mutations," he explains, still looking Jude in the eye. "My... My sores have become infected. I'm sick. I feel cold all the time."
Blaine eyes Jude warily. That look seems to say: You're not buying this crap, are you? 
Jude scowls. "So you blame your mutation for your blasphemy, is that it?" Angry growls erupt from the onlookers, but again the vag remains silent. "Mutations are the True Body Plan now," Jude continues. "Mutations are perfection. We all have sores, much as you do, but ours are not festering. It's called bathing, my friend. You should try it sometime."
More laughing from the crowd.
"Go spit, you bloody fools!" the man screeches through gritted teeth. "Do your worst! I am ready for the end."
"I just hope you are ready for what comes afterward," Jude retorts. And, without a second's more hesitation, he pulls the trigger. The shot is deafening, the vag collapsing in a splash of blood and brains. 
It’s over.
He should feel elated. He'd done the Children's good work, hadn't he? Then why does he feel...nothing?
"Well done, Jude," the familiar baritone of Blaine proclaims with a hearty slap to the back. "You are becoming more a Child of Mutanity than I'd ever hoped for. When we find the last human, I want you by my side when I pull the trigger!" He turns away then hesitates, turning back. "Who knows? If you keep this up, I might just let you do the deed yourself."
Jude gapes, jaw wide. "Th-thank you, High Deacon!" he stammers with a bow. He can't believe it! Back in Krakelyn, he'd been a nobody. Worthless. And now... 
He'd be a world hero if he killed the last human!
Still, something isn't right. Inside of him. He feels something at the back of his mind, irritating, like a sliver. A question keeps forming in his thoughts, and every time it does, he pushes it away, suppresses it. 
Who caused the mutations? 
It isn't a question he has the answer to yet. 
But he will, eventually. The last human will know. And Jude will make them tell. That itch is strong at the moment but, like the question, Jude forces it down. They are getting ready to move again. He doesn't have time to dwell on it.
If Jude had been in normal frame of mind–a sane frame of mind–he might have known what that itch meant. 
But, of course, he wasn't.
That itch was guilt.




17.

"Is that it? Is that Venecici? Did we make it?" 
Altair shakes his head, but I'm hardly disappointed.
We're in the south!
The road is surrounded by tall, thin trees with broad leaves at the top. A vague impression of tall buildings can seen between them intermittently. A warm, salty wind ruffles and cools the shaved sides of my head, whipping the rest of my hair all over as Altair slows down the Forerunner plow machine. There are other people and vehicles on the road now. Lots of them, in fact. All eyes are immediately drawn to our ride, but it’s hardly the only oil fired engine out here. We don't stand out too much. 
Not yet, anyway.
"Better cover up," Altair suggests. 
Traylor and I do so reluctantly. 
None of the other travelers we see are covered, all openly exposing their mutations to the sun. The Children of Mutanity must have a strong presence here. 
Altair points dead ahead. "What you see through the trees is the city of Apollyon,” he says, “but we won't be traveling to it. We will use the Coastway, bypassing the cities themselves until we reach Venecici. It is the safest route, Juno."
"Oh," is my reply. I see Traylor's disappointment mirroring my own. We're in the south and we can't even explore!
It hardly feels fair.
"You can still enjoy the view though," Altair offers, guiding our vehicle off the Canyonway, avoiding a grouping of travelers stopped at the intersection. They're reading a large wooden sign with directions to the various ports. I know from my Father's map of the world that the southern cities are technically separate entities, but they occupy nearly the entire coastline, blending and melding together. Disputes over land arise constantly. 
I don't have time to read the whole sign, but my eyes are quickly drawn to Venecici, an arrow pointing in the direction we're headed. Apollyon is the central community, with the other cities spreading out from it in either direction along the coast. Venecici is furthest east.
The road–the Coastway–rises dramatically ahead of us, cut directly into the side of a sandstone wall rimming the beach. We can't see much at first–the trees are still thick here–but as our sputtering vehicle begins to climb, the trees fall below us and I realize Altair's last words–"You can still enjoy the view"–were not quite apt enough.
I am flabbergasted by the view. 
Traylor too. 
Living in the north my entire life, I'd met many people from the south. I'd heard the stories that they actually live in structures left over by the Forerunners–a blasphemy in Krakelyn–but nothing prepared me for what I was about to see. From everything I'd been taught as a child, and comparing it to what I’m seeing now, it’s a wonder my Father's men hadn't waged war on the south.
The thought makes me smile.
We reach the highest point in the road, the coastline visible for miles around. A white sand beach extends along the waterline as far as the eye can see, boats and ships just snowy flecks among the blue. Behind the beach lies civilization.
Lots of it.
I gasp, staring in wonder at a massive metal tower so tall it must surely scrape the sky. The structure is skeletal, having been outfitted with hundreds of glass windows at one time. Now, only a handful of the panes remain intact. The rest are probably broken, vandalized, or scavenged for other projects. It’s said that the Glass Gardens in Krakelyn are constructed of Forerunner glass, but I've never seen a building like this one in the north. Through the open window frames, I see movement within. Despite it being mostly wide open, people are living in that tower! 
"They're living in a structure built by the Forerunners!" I blurt, finding it impossible to mask my disbelief.
"The most affluent of Apollyon's citizens live near the top," Altair offers, my own tour guide. "Most of the glass is still intact up there."
I look and see that he's right.
The sight sends memories of home flooding to me. My family, the most affluent in Krakelyn, had lived in the fanciest Manse, atop the highest hill in the city. And I’d always been ashamed of that fact. What made us better than anyone else?
Well, Father always says I have an inflated sense of morality.
The rest of the city of Apollyon radiates outward from the tower in spokes, the buildings becoming more destitute as one leaves the coast. There are other towers, other Forerunner constructions, but none quite so lovely. Further down the coast, a white tower rises like a stalagmite from the earth, terminating at a jagged point where it had broken off. The whole thing looks made of milky glass, or diamond maybe.
"They call it kimberlite," Altair chimes in, noticing my scrutiny of the building. "A very rare material, nearly indestructible. It does have one weakness though that few know of. That's why this one is broken, all these centuries after the Forerunners built it."
"Bloody ashes," I whisper under my breath. This tower is nowhere near as tall as the first we'd just seen and, though breathtaking, seems a little less lovely for that reason
"That tower marks the city of Losang," Altair says, continuing his guided tour as we continue along the Coastway. The traffic here has ground to a trickle, especially compared to the clogged arteries we can see down below. It's mostly pedestrian traffic, mixed with the occasional oil fired machine or horse-drawn cart.
We pass the kimberlite tower.
"This is a separate city?" I ask, skeptical. "How do you know? Everything just runs together down there!" I already know that fact from my Father's map, but I'm hoping Altair might add to that knowledge a bit.
Altair shrugs. "It’s a problem for the cities. Growth has been almost nonstop for as long as anyone can remember. New routes through the Bleaklands are discovered all the time, drawing northerners down to the booming commerce." He shrugs again. "Progress."
"And I thought Krakelyn was a busy place," Traylor speaks up from behind us. There's only two seats in the vehicle, so he’s making do in the back of the cockpit. Age before youth.
Altair lets out a noise that might have been a laugh. "Traylor, this is only a fraction of what these cities used to be."
I look down again, seeing the congested streets and milling crowds. "Are you serious?"
Altair nods. "Just as in Krakelyn, there were mass suicides and murders after the Final Judgment. Almost half the population was gone overnight."
"Bloody ashes," I mutter. I see smoke near the outskirts of Losang. There seems to be a riot going on.
"Children of Mutanity," Altair says bitterly.
I lean out the cab just a bit to catch a better glimpse of the chaos. "How can you tell?" I ask, unconvinced.
Altair shrugs. "Who else would it be? The southern cities have the most dedicated Watchforce in all of Eversummer, the one thing that the separate cities share amongst themselves." Altair pauses to clear his throat. "No one usually messes with them, but that’s who they’re fighting with, I think."
My eyes go wide. "But... Why? How can such an insane group of people exert so much influence?"
Altair sighs, his shoulders sagging. "How indeed. People were scared after the Final Judgment, Juno. The gods turned their backs on us. Nobody had answers, but the Children had order. They filled the niche of authority left vacant when our religion failed us. Most people just wanted to get back to some sort of stability, and the Children provided that.” He shrugs sheepishly. “Sort of.”
I finally pull my eyes away from the cacophony, disgusted. "I hate this new world," I say.
Altair says nothing.
The Coastway brings us over more ridges and down a few valleys along the cliffs. Finally, after passing more Forerunner towers and congested cityscapes, the road dips severely, running down to ground level once again. Dead ahead, the last city on the east coast appears: Venecici. The whole thing is built in steps, wedged between two massive cliff faces in a box canyon. There are large buildings visible, probably Forerunner constructions, but nothing near as grand as in Apollyon.
"Is this place safe?" I ask as we approach, noting the generally run down appearance of the city. The buildings are mostly stucco and thatch constructions, painted in different fluorescent colors at each level.
"As safe as any other coastal city," Altair insists. "Appearances can be deceiving, Juno."
"They can also tell the truth," I quip back with a smirk. Altair just shakes his head.
Venecici rises ever higher as we get closer. My eye is immediately drawn to the structure at the very height of the city: a cylindrical building, domed at the top. It reminds me of the grain silos on the farms outside Krakelyn. There's something sticking out of it, like a giant eye-seeing lens.
"What is that?" I ask, pointing. "Is that where we're going?" We're supposed to be headed to a laboratory of some sort, to find this Ursa woman; this domed silo looks scientific enough to me.
Altair shakes his head. "That is a skytower," he says. "It no longer functions, but was once used to observe the heavens. It's a museum now."
"Oh," I say with a slouch, somewhat disappointed. The skytower is the only interesting looking building in this city. I'm about to ask more, when Altair suddenly guides our ride off the main road, following what could only be described as a cattle trail through the dense green foliage growing here.
"Um, where we going?" I ask, ducking as a broad green leaf almost slaps me in the face.
"We have to go the rest of the way on foot," Altair responds. "And I'd rather not leave this machine where the Children of Mutanity might find it. Despite our quick arrival, I am certain word of our escape is not far behind us."
"Are there Children here?" I ask, paranoia prevalent in my tone.
Altair sighs, watching the path ahead of us. "Juno," he says, "the Children are everywhere now."




18.

After ditching the plow machine in the jungle, Altair leads us back up the path and onto the Coastway. We join the general cacophony of pilgrims going about their day, trying to blend in. Very few people are covering themselves now that the Children of Mutanity have effectively outlawed the practice. Traylor and I stick out like sore thumbs. Luckily, Altair came prepared.
Using a kit in his pack and a few juicy fruits he finds in the jungle, he creates a thick paste, grayish, that dries quickly in clumps, adhering to our unblemished skin like face paint. 
We look like mutants!
Well, mostly. 
Anyone who takes a really close look might not be fooled, but it's good enough for our needs at the moment. That doesn't mean I'm not paranoid though. Every eye that glances our way is a potential threat, and I eye the person right back as an intimidation tactic. It doesn't always work that well, but it doesn't matter. We've been walking the dusty red road for an hour now and no one's raised any alarms. We’ve even seen a group of Children pass by on a horse drawn cart, but they don't even gaze our way.
And that's fine by me.
When the road finally reaches the mouth of the box canyon Venecici sits upon, the dirt gives way to streets of layered brick. It was probably pretty, at one time, but now the bricks are cracked, heaved, or missing, making for often treacherous footing. Traylor almost trips more than once, shaking some of his disguise loose–a white patch is revealed on his cheek. Without preamble, Altair spits, the wad landing directly on the exposed spot. He steps over to my brother and immediately begins working the fluid into the dried stuff still on his face.
"Eww!" Traylor recoils, but Altair is done before he can finish complaining. "That's disgusting!" 
I nod my agreement, but can't help but giggle.
"Come on," Altair states, without emotion. Now that we're almost to our destination, he's all business again. Pity. It almost seemed like there was a personality inside that gruff exterior for a time.
We're led down the main thoroughfare a short distance, lined with bustling shops and hawkers much like the Mainstreet Bridge in Krakelyn. The people we see are all openly showing their mutations, some even flaunting them. I'm still not used to that. The streets are dirty and unkempt, garbage lining the gutters. Was it like this before the Final Judgment? Going by the shabby clothing, skinny bodies, and generally low hygiene I'm seeing around me, my guess is that it was. 
The Final Judgment just made things worse.
Altair guides us down a narrow alley between buildings. It's darker than I'm used to and my anxiety ramps up. I jump at every shadow that seems move. Of course, we pop out on the next street without incident. I'm looking forward to basking in the sun again, but Altair doesn’t follow the street, instead crossing it and entering another alley. I curse but Traylor seems to love it.
We go on this way for a bit, winding a short way up some streets, mostly using alleyways. By the time we're about halfway up the steps of the city, we finally come to a dead end. We've reached the canyon wall. Altair keeps moving without a word. It’s even narrower here than in the alleys and my claustrophobia kicks in hard. I use some breathing exercises one of the servants at home taught me.
By the time I have myself somewhat under control, we’ve come to a stop. We're between the back of a squat stucco building and the canyon wall. There's a cleft in the wall here and, as I examine it, I realize that it's not a natural formation but a cut, the sides perfectly straight. Altair steps into the cleft and disappears, the darkness nearing total.
"Come on," we hear him call after a few moments.
Traylor shrugs and steps in without hesitation. "Gods deliver me," I grumble, following too. It's cold and moist inside the cleft, the sound of dripping water a constant echo. 
"Where are you guys?" I ask, my voice bouncing around me.
"Here," a voice answers from directly behind me.
I jump, heart pounding, seeing Traylor's dim silhouette in front of the entrance.
"You little rat!" I yell, lumbering toward him. Traylor laughs and lets me catch him. "Where's Altair?"
"Something is wrong," a familiar baritone answers out of the darkness. Altair joins us seconds later. My eyes have adjusted somewhat, and I can now just make out his face.
"What is it?" I ask.
"Your Father assured me that there would be lights here,” he says,” leading to a door at the end of the tunnel. I found the door, but it’s locked up tight. This place has been abandoned."
I eye Altair warily. "Are you sure this is where we're supposed to go? This hole in the wall?"
"The laboratory is inside," Altair explains. "A lot of, um, secret research took place here and needed to be secluded. There is only one way in or out. Your Father gave me a key." Altair holds up something small and metallic, just visible through the dim. "It doesn't work. The lock has been changed."
"Well, that's odd," I admonish with a sigh. "So what do we do?"
Altair slips his pack off his shoulders, beginning to rifle through it. "Ah!" he says after a time, pulling out a small black pouch. He opens it, revealing a tiny coterie of metal instruments.
Lockpicks!
Traylor knows what they are too. "Can I watch you?" he asks, full of glee. 
Altair shrugs. "There will be nothing to watch. It's pitch black down at the door."
"Can you even pick a lock in the dark?" I ask. The contemptuous look I'm rewarded with is all the answer I need. Altair disappears once more down the tunnel. Traylor and I do follow, keeping one hand on the wall as a guide. Altair stops us and we quickly hear clanking as he goes to work. I can't see a thing. The tunnel has a slight curve to it, so that now the light of the entrance is no longer visible.
Time stretches on. More than once I hear Altair curse to himself. Finally, a loud clanging echoes in the void and a shaft of light, soft and white, appears out of the dark. Altair swings the door wide, a hallway stretching before us nearly as dark as the tunnel itself. A square of light from a room at the end gives us just enough to see by. I can see now that the door itself is actually a massive metal bulkhead, a flywheel mounted to it. Altair picked this thing open? I'm shocked, but unsurprised. There seems little that this man cannot do.
"You two wait here," Altair orders, producing a pair of his deadly throwing stars from each of his sleeves. "Just in case." I nod, but Traylor looks like he wants to protest. I silence him with a deathly glare. 
Altair moves on without us. 
He stalks calmly, his large boots hardly making a footfall in the gloom. I get the vague impression of other openings along the hallway–other doorways–but Altair barely gives them a cursory glance. 
His sights are locked on the room with the light. 
He reaches the room, peeking around the corner, then slips inside. Nothing happens for a full minute. I hold my breath, anticipating. This was supposed to be a safe place for us, but at the moment, it hardly feels that way.
A silhouette appears at the other end of the hall.
For an irrational moment, I think it's someone other than Altair, but then the shadow starts waving to us. "Come on," his voice floats.
Traylor and I exchange a look then move, mimicking Altair's stalking movements but creating much more noise than he did. I see that all the doors along the hall are closed, presumably locked. Most are labeled, and my curiosity is peaked. 
I don't even know what half the words mean:

BIOHAZARD
CAUTION: LIVE SPECIMENS
CHEMLAB
GENETIC RESEARCH
DNA EXTRACTION
MUTATIONS: AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY

My heart pounds harder with each new sign I read. 
Mutations! They worked on mutants here! 
I can't help but wonder if Father knew what this place really was. Mutants were to be eradicated without prejudice in the old world. Experimentation like this would certainly violate the laws of the gods. Father would never send his children here if he knew the truth. Would he? How well does he know this Ursa woman anyway? Well, it would seem that Ursa has skipped town, because this lab is deserted.
We reach the lighted room and Altair guides us inside.
The place is a disaster.
The room is large, lined on one side with long metal tables covered in various instruments, glass containers (a rarity), and specimens. A few of the tables are overturned, the floor covered in glass shards and biological materials.
"These aren't, um, dangerous, are they?" I ask as Altair leads.
Altair shakes his head. "I don't know, but I don't think so." He gestures to a desk tucked into one corner of the room. A path has been cleared to it through the debris field. "Someone has been using this place recently," he says.
I huff. "Maybe they left because of the mess," I interject.
Altair shakes his head again, moving toward the desk. "Why would they bother clearing a path then?" he asks.
I throw my hands up in the air. "How should I know? I don't know this Ursa woman any better than you do!"
Altair says nothing, taking a seat at the desk. Piles of paper are stacked haphazardly all over it. Next to the desk, wooden cubbies are used for filing the papers, just as chaotic. On a shelf above the desk, I see the only objects in this place that haven't been tossed about: a series of fotos. I gasp. They're the only fotos I've ever seen outside of my Father's study! The first depicts a woman who might have once been beautiful, with sleek black hair and bright blue eyes. Her face is marred by a bright red, virulent rash, cheeks swollen. The second foto depicts the same woman. She still has the rash, but now her face appears to have grown a sort of grayish scaling. The third shows the woman again, and this time she's got massive boils on her forehead, looking ready to erupt at a touch. The last foto is much the same, though now the woman's face appears to have cleared up somewhat. 
Had she cured some of her mutations? 
Was this Ursa?
"What do these letters mean?" Traylor's voice startles me out of my reverie.
I look over to see him studying a sheet of paper on the desk. It’s covered in a series of lines of varying thicknesses, each labeled with a different combination of the letters: ACGT. There is text stamped near the top of the page, but the only words I can make out are GENOME and DNA. I've heard these words before in school, but I hardly remember what they mean anymore. 
Science of the Forerunners.
I gasp, snatching the page from Traylor's grasp
"Hey!" Traylor protests.
"My gods," I say, breathing heavily. "This is Forerunner stuff! Forbidden knowledge! If my Father knew about this..."
"He won't," an unfamiliar voice intrudes from behind.
I whirl, but Altair's got me beat, on his feet in milliseconds, throwing stars at the ready. A large wooden object comes flying out of the dark, swung by a creature I've only heard about in stories: an Everwinter mutant.
What else could it be?
The thing screams, swinging its club straight for Altair's head. The young man ducks without flinching, falling to the floor in the splits, one leg in front, one leg behind. I'm astonished. Even I can't do the splits! Altair lashes out with one closed fist, striking the attacker squarely in the sternum. The creature drops its weapon and stumbles away, gasping.
It crashes over to a table at the far side of the room, sweeping everything off with horrible, grey-scaled arms. It takes me a moment to realize that the thing is actually searching for something. I look at Altair. He's on his feet again, eyes glued to his adversary, not approaching it. The creature finally finds what it's looking for–a small cylinder of some sort–and raises it toward its mouth. Altair raises his throwing stars, in case this is another weapon of some sort. A soft hiss issues from the cylinder and the creature stops hyperventilating immediately, breathing normally once more. 
It's a breathing device.
"Those won't be necessary," it waves at Altair in a shockingly normal voice. A female voice. "I thought you were intruders. Vandals." 
Altair relaxes and the woman does likewise. She turns fully toward us for the first time and I gasp as I have done so many times since arriving here. “You're Ursa, aren't you?" I say. The woman nods. Her face is much like the fourth foto above the desk, though the boils and tumors are starting to rise once again. 
"Who are you?" she asks, becoming more serious. "And how in the name of the gods did you get in here?"
I defer immediately to Altair, letting him take the lead. "Are you in danger?" the Assassin asks, deftly sidestepping the woman's questions. "Your laboratory has been ransacked."
Ursa looks around as if noticing the carnage for the first time. "This?" she asks with a laugh. "No, no, nothing of the sort. I did this. I was in the process destroying my research when you people interrupted."
"Um, yeah, sorry about that," I offer with a genuine smirk, trying not to laugh at the woman's indignation. I'm still holding the sheet of paper with the strange lettering all over it. "Your research... This is Forerunner stuff, isn't it?"
Ursa waves it away with a scoff. "It was. But I never should've gotten involved. My greatest fear was that the technology would fall into the wrong hands. And now it has."
"What do you mean?" I ask. I look over at Altair, but his expression appears clueless. And Traylor... 
Wait, where did that little bugger go?
Ursa points to her face, then to ours. "The mutations," she admonishes. "They're my fault."
It feels like my heart has stopped in my chest. "Y-you're fault?" I stammer. There were only two people in this world that could be blamed for the mutations, and I'm one of them. The other is probably dead. 
Gods damn you, Jude.
Ursa seems to sink into herself. "Yes, I, um, we used to do experiments here. On mutants. We were looking for a cure. I was looking for a cure." Ursa pauses, gathering herself. "You see, I've always been a mutant. I was born one. Oh, not as you see me now. Most of my current mutations are self-inflicted. Trial and error, you might call it."
My jaw nearly hits the ground. "You experimented on yourself?" My astonishment floors me.
Ursa nods timidly. "Mutants are, ahem, were outlawed in Eversummer, as I'm sure you know. Thou shalt not suffer a mutant to live. That made it nearly impossible for us to acquire test subjects. So I volunteered myself."
"Why weren't you killed before?" a voice floats from the back of the lab. We all turn to find Traylor, nosing about–as I should have known he'd be doing. 
Ursa looks startled, but I try to soothe her. "Sorry, that's my little brother. He doesn't know the meaning of tact."
Ursa nods, granting Traylor a smile. "It's a valid question," she admits. "The world would be a better place if more people asked questions, young man." Traylor blushes, despite himself. 
Ursa sighs. "I was lucky," she explains. "I was able to hide my mutation most of my life. It was nothing major anyway, and my parents were free thinking types. They never bought into the True Body Plan dogma."
I laugh to myself, louder than intended.
"What?" Ursa asks, seeming offended. "What is it?"
I shake my head. "Sorry, it's nothing. It's just... I really wish my Father was here to see this."
"Dogmatic, was he?" Ursa asks.
I nod emphatically. "You could say that. He's the reason we're here. He sent us."
"He sent you?" Ursa echoes, the disbelief plain on her face. "If you don't mind my asking: who is your Father, young lady?"
"Jonathan Quinn," I reply without hesitation. "High Deacon of Krakelyn."
Ursa nearly chokes on her own breath, coughing violently all of a sudden. "Did... Did you say…Jonathan Quinn?"
"Yes," I confirm. "He sent us here because he thought you could help us. You see..." I turn to Altair, who nods for me to proceed. Gently, I pull at the grey matter that is plastered all over my face. My mutant disguise. It peels away with some difficulty, but I manage to get one cheek uncovered.
"I'm Juno Quinn," I say with a smirk. "And this little bugger," I wave dismissively, "is my brother, Traylor." Traylor gives the astonished Ursa a wave from the back of the room, fiddling with something. "And we're not mutants, Ursa. We're the last humans."
"J-Juno? Traylor?" Ursa mutters to herself in astonishment. She stares at me then spins to look at Traylor. She stalks calmly over to my little brother, going to her knees beside him. She pulls at his disguise, revealing a small patch of unblemished skin.
"Gods deliver us!" Ursa mumbles. She runs her hands all over Traylor, feeling his skin, his limbs. Traylor looks exceedingly uncomfortable. I smirk at him openly. Ursa then pulls something from an inside pocket of the long doctor's coat she wears.
We don't see what it is before it's too late.
Traylor screams and takes off, disappearing out the door and down the hall.
"Traylor!" I scream, but I know he's long gone.
My eyes fall to Ursa who's standing there stunned, holding an empty syringe in her right hand like a shooting iron. Altair is already out the door, chasing after my brother.
"I'm sorry!" Ursa begs. "I just... I just wanted a blood sample! I need a sample. If you two are as pure as you say you are... I may very well be able to cure the mutations! All of my other samples were tainted by the Final Judgment."
I put a hand on the strange woman's shoulder, shaking my head. "It's alright. Come on, we gotta go find him. He can't have gotten far. Traylor, um, had a bad experience with needles when he was younger. He HATES them." Thinking quick, I find Altair's pack and root through it, finding some of the leftover paste he'd made. I apply it to my face quickly, remasking myself.
Ursa sags, as if she should have known. "I'm sorry."
"Don't worry," I comfort her, "we'll find him. Let's just hope he doesn't draw too much attention to himself." Despite everything, I like Ursa. She feels like someone I can trust.
"Let's go," Ursa agrees, and she leads me out of the lab and back into the streets of Venecici.




19.

It's about two hours later when Altair finally finds us.
Traylor follows close behind him, eyes puffy and red from crying, washing away some of his disguise.
We're in an alley just off the mainstreet. 
"He was nearly halfway to Apollyon when I found him," Altair jibes, ruffling the little guy's hair. Traylor just shrugs sheepishly.
"You alright, buddy?" I ask, but Traylor doesn't want to talk. "He'll be fine," I say. "Just give him some time. He acts like a baby whenever this happens."
"Shut up!" Traylor finally fires back.
"Just callin' it like I see it," I retort. "You're getting a little old to be acting like this, Traylor."
Traylor shakes his head. "Eat ashes," he grumbles.
"Enough," Altair intercedes, but it's Ursa who prevents it turning into a full blown fight.
"I'm sorry, Traylor," the woman says, kneeling down next to the little boy. "I should have asked you first if I could take your blood. I was just... I don't have a lot of interactions with regular people, and I was so astonished that you and your sister are still pureblooded that I acted without thought. I do that sometimes. Can you forgive me?"
Traylor seems taken aback but finally nods.
"Good," Altair announces through gritted teeth. "Now let's get back to the lab. We need to get to work on this cure as soon as possible."
"You are right, of course," Ursa agrees. She leads us back toward our new home for the time being. "Let's see... Oh, I wish I knew you guys were coming!" she muses. "I wouldn't have destroyed some of my equipment!" She pauses. "No matter, we have what we need, I think." She eyes me and Traylor, almost hungrily.
What a weird woman.
Altair maintains the rear as we walk. I slow my step to fall in line with him. "What happens now?" I ask. "When this is all said and done, if we find a cure, what happens? Will you take us back to Krakelyn?"
Altair nods, though reluctantly. "Eventually, yes. The cure will have to be proliferated first, and we have to be sure that it works. Once you and Traylor are no longer the last humans, it will be safe for you to return." He hesitates. "That could still be a long time yet, Juno."
I sigh. "Yeah, I kinda figured. I just wanted to confirm it with you, that's all. I– What the bloody ashes?"
We've just come out of another alley, a few blocks over from the canyon wall and Ursa's lab. 
There's smoke. 
Just beyond the final buildings, a thick black plume rises. 
"Gods!" Ursa screams, resorting to a dashing lunge.
"Ursa, wait!" Altair orders, but the woman doesn't listen. "Gods dammit! Come on!"
Altair starts running and we follow.
The smoke overwhelms us as we get closer, breathing getting harder. Traylor starts coughing and Altair orders us to stay back, getting out of the smoke. We do so as he pulls off his shirt, revealing a rippling, rash ridden body, decorated in the strangest tattoos I've ever seen. I realize with a gasp that the scrolling images are words. The Ten Tenets, the basis of my people's former religion.
Thou Shalt Not Suffer A Mutant To Live.
The phrase coils from Altair's shoulder down to his wrist. The other nine Tenets are all there as well, inked on his skin.
Altair quickly wraps his tunic across his face, forming a breathing mask that I have trouble believing will be very effective. But Altair doesn't share that concern. With a last look back at me and Traylor–hiding in an alley–Altair disappears into the smoke. We stare at the spot he'd left for a full five minutes, neither of us saying a word.
The tension and anxiety are nearly unbearable.
I feel a pulling at my sleeve. "Juno," Traylor finally speaks up in a meek whisper, "should we go after him? He's been gone a long time."
I nod my agreement. They really should have been back by now. We wait just a little longer, and then I can't take it anymore. I start pulling my tunic top over my head.
"What are you doing?" Traylor asks, as if he doesn't know.
"What do think?" I snap back, in no mood for nonsense. "I'm going after–"
Something appears out of the smoke.
Altair! 
He's holding Ursa up under one arm, half dragging the poor woman to safety. She's coughing, but it sounds more like choking. The pair makes wet squishing sounds as they move, and I look down to see that, indeed, their feet are wet. It takes me a second to realize that they've been inside the entrance tunnel to the lab. Water runs perpetually off of those walls, soaking the floor. They leave eerily accurate water footprints on the white stone walkway. My eyes are drawn to another set of footprints, likewise leading out of the smoke, past our hiding spot and disappearing around another building. The prints are bare foot, leaving behind a distinct six-toed pattern.
Six toes? I gasp.
They're identical to the ones Jude and I found on the beach back in Krakelyn. Did the same mutant set fire to Ursa's lab?
Altair and Ursa finally make it to the alley and we all move away from the smoke completely, the footprints slipping from my mind. Ursa collapses against the wall, sliding down the stucco into a puddle on the ground. She doesn't seem to notice. She coughs some more then pulls that same breathing cylinder from her coat pocket, taking a shot of air. Her coughing ceases almost immediately.
"I gotta get me one of those," Traylor admonishes with a smile for the woman.
Ursa smiles back weakly. "Hard enough it was to find this one," she says, her words confused and backward. Traylor deflates a little. "Don’t worry, you can use it if you ever need to," she offers. Traylor brightens up again.
Once Ursa's strong enough to get back on her feet, Altair gets right back to business. "Do you have a contingency site here?" he asks.
Ursa shakes her head. "This was the contingency site," she mutters bitterly.
"What do you mean?"
Ursa sighs hard. "This was not my original lab. This operation was much bigger at one time. We had an entire building to ourselves, with dozens of scientists working together." Ursa pauses, clearing her throat.
"Does it still exist?" I ask, devastated that my journey isn't over after all. However, I'm surprised at my own determination to carry on.
Ursa shakes her head, then nods. "Well, yes, technically it still exists. But we had to abandon the place years ago. There's no telling what has become of it now. When it was discovered what we were doing, the mutants drove us out."
"Mutants?" I ask, skeptically. "Um, just where was this lab?" I think I know the answer, but I'm scared to hear it.
Ursa hesitates, dropping her eyes. "Everwinter," she says finally. "The other lab is in Everwinter." My jaw hits the floor. "I just can't believe this happened," Ursa cries. "Who would do such a thing?"
We're all at loss for words.
Altair looks unmoved, but that's normal for him.
Traylor, astonishingly, smiles. "Everwinter?" he asks. "That's like, where the really bad mutants live, isn't it?"




20.

"This is a really stupid idea," I say, crossing my arms as if that would settle the issue.
"There is no choice, Juno," Altair rebuts, crossing his own arms in mockery of mine.
We're standing in a secluded corner of Venecici Station, waiting for the next Engie to show up. The place is crowded, full of mutant beggars who carry all of their worldly possessions on their backs, looking to buy passage out of Venecici. Demand is high for such a passage right now, and supply in the form of space is low. 
The price is not cheap.
"We don't even know if this mythical lab still exists," I counter, keeping the argument going.
"Oh, it exists," Ursa mouths casually, sliding in beside Altair. "I just don't know what kind of a state it will be in. The mutants of Everwinter certainly had little love for the place."
I keep my expression unmoved.
"You're one of the two last humans, Juno," Altair points out in a hushed tone, as if I don't know it already. "Your responsibility to mankind supersedes any irrational fears you might have."  
"Irrational!" I object, keeping my voice likewise low. "It's exactly because I am the last human that I want to stay as far from Everwinter as possible! You've heard the stories! The mutants there have white flesh because they live in perpetual darkness, no eyes because there's no light to see by, and they feast on the flesh of the living because there's nothing else to eat!"
"I heard they drink blood," Traylor adds, sarcastically. He's not on my side; he's actually excited to go to Everwinter. 
Altair puts a hand on my shoulder. "They're just stories, Juno. You said so yourself."
"How do you know?" I stubbornly continue. "Have you ever been to Everwinter?"
Altair sighs, clearly reluctant. He doesn't want to admit that he hasn't. "I have," he finally answers.
I'm taken aback. "Really? When?" 
Ursa is next to me now. "I'd like to know as well," she says. "Not many people from Eversummer venture over to Everwinter. Even fewer come back. Why else do you think we chose to locate our lab there?"
Altair shrugs. "It doesn't matter. I'm an Assassin, and it was part of my job. That's all you need to know."
Ursa and I eye each other warily. I guess we aren't going to get a more satisfactory answer than that. Not yet at least. 
A sudden, shrill whistling echoes throughout the vast open air space and, through a brick arch hanging over the track, the Engie bursts into view. There aren't many Engies left in Eversummer. I've seen the one in Krakelyn, but it broke down before I was born. Seeing one up and running is a bit of a thrill. This one is bullet shaped, red, and made up of a dozen similarly shaped compartments–some for passengers, others for cargo. Cattle and grain, mostly. There's some cattle on this Engie–the smell gives it away–but it's immediately clear that the people running things are not discriminating; they're packing on anyone who paid the hefty price to get aboard. 
Not that many, considering how many people are waiting here. 
The conductors are mobbed by the poor masses, beggars wanting to be let on for a lesser fee or free altogether. One of the conductors screams for the lot of them to get back, raising a shooting iron into the air and firing it once. The crowd scatters, likewise screaming. 
The way is clear for us.
"That's our cue," Altair nods. We start moving.
"Hard to believe that that stupid Forerunner plow was enough to get all of us on here," I say, grumbling. 
Altair looks at me warily. "That machine would normally be worth enough to get half the people in this station on board," he gestures. "Hard times."
"I guess," I say with a shrug. 
The man Altair had bargained with at the station had been pretty shocked when we pulled up in the plow after retrieving it from the jungle outside the city. He hadn't believed we really had one. Altair finds the same man now, standing with the conductors, and walks up to him. They exchange a few words, then the man smiles and points to a car near the rear of the Engie.
A cattle car.
"And yet, we can't afford a Prime Class seat," I grumble.
Altair rolls his eyes as he rejoins us, moving toward the back of the vehicle. "Not for four of us," he replies curtly. "Besides, there won't be as many people back here. It'll be better that way." He's talking about mine and Traylor's disguises. Altair made more of that grayish fruit paste and applied it to our faces. The fewer people that get a close up look at us, the better.
We reach our car, wide open on the side with a large sliding door, all smooth metal. The sounds and smells of pigs, horses, and cows attack our nostrils. I hear Traylor groaning mournfully. 
I smirk back at him. Not so fun now, is it?
Altair climbs up, a small stool provided as a step. He helps first Ursa, then Traylor aboard. I'm last. I look under the train as I step up. The bottom of the car is outfitted with two massive magnets, both of which repel and hold the vehicle in the air between two massive metal rails. The actual Engie is at the front, an oil fired motor spewing smoke and flame out the back. It’s thought that Engies were once powered by the sun. But that technology no longer exists. Current Engies are an amalgamation of Forerunner and Eversummer technology. That's why an Engie was allowed in Krakelyn, at one time. It couldn't be proven which parts of the technology actually belonged to the Forerunners, and the benefit of the doubt was given; a loophole exploited by more than a few Krakelyners. 
I ascend onto a straw strewn floor, littered here and there with animal droppings. The cattle are corralled in pens on either side of the car. I thank the gods that the animals aren't loose in here. There are six other people in the car with us–two per corner–leaving us with our own. We settle into it, stacking bales of straw to create a seating area. We sit, eyeing our co-passengers and munching on some rations we picked up in town.
"How far is it to the Fringes?" I ask, breaking the nervous silence. 
I look at Altair, but it's Ursa who answers.
"Well, I've always traveled by the Fringeroad to Everwinter, but it's been years and I've heard that way is no longer safe. From Venecici, it took about five days by horse cart, three in an oil fired vehicle. I've never taken an Engie though."
"Engies are much faster," Altair offers. "It may only take a single day. I'd bank on two though."
Ursa's eyes widen. "It goes that fast?"
Altair nods.
I'm just trying to imagine something moving faster than an oil fired engine. The Forerunner plow had been plenty fast enough for me. This Engie is oil fired too, but it has no wheels and virtually no friction to contend with. I find myself excited to get going.
The conductors outside call for final boarding and, five minutes later, we feel the car begin to lurch. A powerful whine issues as the Engie powers up. The side doors on the car slam shut, immersing us in semi-darkness. There are thin open slots on the side of the car, letting in light and fresh air. My eyes adjust quickly. That shrill whistle issues once more and we're finally off, the sensation of increasing speed rising with my heart rate. Through the side window slots, shadowy objects slash by at an alarming rate, but I can't make out any details. 
Traylor pulls a hay bale close to the wall and sticks an eye against one, peeking out. "Wow!" is all he says. 
At least he has something to keep him entertained. 
I can't hold my curiosity back either.
I move over toward Traylor, stumbling a bit, not used to moving around on an already moving surface. I join him on the hay bale and peer out. Green blurs and grey smears blast across my vision. I focus on one in the milliseconds it takes to pass, seeing one of those tall trees with the broad leaves on top. The grey blurs are rock faces in the background. I'm used to the geography of this area by now, and while I no longer find it as fascinating, the speed at which we're traveling makes me queasy. I pull away and stumble back to my original hay bale, bending prone.
"Give it a moment," I feel Ursa's hand on my back. "It will pass. It's called sickness of motion. Most people experience it their first time."
I look over at Traylor, but he seems none the worse for wear.
Ursa shrugs with a smile. "Your brother is an anomaly, it would seem."
"You can say that again," I agree.
I look around the car at the other passengers. A few are watching us–including a scruffy looking dude with weeping sores–but they look away when my eyes find them. They give me the creeps. If it wasn't for Altair, I'd be pretty nervous on this trip.
To take my mind off the nausea, I turn back to Ursa. "We haven't had much time to talk since this all started," I say, conversationally. "There are a lot of things I'd like to ask you."
Ursa nods. "I thought you might." She stares at me expectantly.
I smile at her openness and begin. "How do you know my Father?" I ask. "Because from everything I know of the man, you are exactly the type of person he'd send to Judgment Square for heresy." I hesitate. "And he doesn't usually discriminate." The faces of both my Mother and Thomas Whiskeyjack flit through my mind.
Ursa clears her throat. "Well, to start, your Father is a famous man, even outside Krakelyn. Before I met him, I'd heard of him long before. Any man who would condemn his own wife to Judgment is certainly deserving of that notoriety."
I stop breathing, shocked. "I guess that shouldn't surprise me," I say. "It's not talked about much anymore, but everybody does seem to know the story." 
"Do you, um, remember your Mother?" Ursa asks timidly. "Do you remember it happening?"
I shake my head. "I do remember my Mother, sort of, but I was very young when she died. I have images of her in my head, feelings, I guess. But I don't really know how accurate they are. She wasn’t around much." I pause. "My Father had sketches of her. Portraits. They probably influenced my perception of her."
Ursa nods, pulling her lips in. "A beautiful woman she was, with one unfortunate flaw. She managed to keep it hidden for years, even from your Father."
"She was missing a toenail," I reply, eyes downcast. 
"You knew?" Ursa says. 
I nod. "Yeah. Everybody in Krakelyn knows about it. It's practically legend. I never knew if my Father knew about it before it all went public though."
"He did, eventually," Ursa replies quickly. "And that's why he came to me for help. I was astonished. What he was asking me was in direct conflict with the religion he so fervently touted. In the end, I guess his love for your Mother won out over it."
I raise an eyebrow. I feel like Ursa is describing a man I've never met in my life. "Ok, but... How did he know you?"
Ursa hesitates, organizing her thoughts. "The people I was working for had a reputation. We were doing experiments on mutants in Eversummer, which was becoming an issue. Tampering with the human genome is Forerunner science and, as you know, the ways of the Forerunners are the ways of death. Riots broke out. Your Father led the charge to shut us down."
"That sounds about right," I confirm with a sheepish smirk. "What happened next?" I ask, the air suddenly feeling thick.
"To my astonishment, after shutting us down, your Father approached me and asked for my help," Ursa replies. "He begged me. He...he said if I did this thing, he would make sure our work continued at a more secure location. The lab in Everwinter."
I gasp. I hadn't known it, but I am right now traveling in my Mother's footsteps! My heart warms at the thought. 
"Accept the proposal I did," Ursa continues. "And my closest colleagues came with me. We set to work on our mutation cure once more, using your Mother as our test subject."
My jaw is nearly on the floor. I hadn't known any of this! All this time, and I’d thought my Father heartless and cruel for Judging my Mother in the name of his so-called gods. I guess I was wrong. He'd actually blasphemed, going against his own dogma to try and save the woman he loved.
I suddenly wish my Father was here now.
"It didn't work though, did it?" I ask, the answer obvious but...
Ursa shakes her head. "We never had a chance to complete our experiments. We were driven out of Everwinter by the mutants and returned to Eversummer. It was during this time that the truth about your Mother came to be known publicly." 
"How?" I ask, on the edge of my hay bale. Traylor has turned around too now, eyeing the mutant woman closely. 
Ursa shakes her head. "I never knew exactly. At the time, it didn't matter to me. My experiments were over. The wrong people found out about your Mother's mutation, and the truth got out. Your Father had little choice."
"He Judged her," I whisper, tears welling up. 
Ursa nods. "If he didn't, your whole family would have fallen, especially with your Father being the High Deacon and all."
I shake my head, feeling anxiety at the terrible decision my Father had had to make. "Who did it?" I ask, anger suddenly rising to replace the sadness.
"Who did what, Juno?" Ursa asks, confused.
"Who ratted my Mother out?" 
Altair shifts uncomfortably, moving for the first time since the ride began. 
Ursa eyes the man warily. "I don't know, and it really doesn't matter, Juno," she says. "What's done is done."
"Well that's a bloody copout!" I protest, raising my voice a little too high.
"Ursa is right," Altair interjects, putting a hand on my shoulder as he moves beside me. "Knowing won't bring your Mother back. It will only make you grow bitter and hateful toward the person who did it. Trust me, I know."
I scowl at Altair hard. "You sound like you know who it is." Altair rolls his eyes. "Well, do you?"
Altair nods reluctantly. "Your Father has told me, but it doesn't matter, Juno. The person responsible has suffered for it. Trust me in that."
I huff, and even Traylor's in on the argument now. "We deserve to know!" he wails. "I'm with Juno on this!"
Altair crosses his arms. "I'm sorry, guys, but this is something you're better off not knowing. That's my final word on it. Okay?"
I stick my tongue out at Altair, and Traylor laughs. I get up and join my brother on his hay bale, both looking outside again. 
The landscape has changed dramatically in the few hours since our journey began. Lush tropical vegetation has given way to bleak stone outcroppings covered by occasional shrubs and moss. With a gasp, I realize that the sun is actually getting lower on the horizon! I've never seen it this low in my life!
We really are headed to Everwinter, land of eternal darkness.
This Engie only travels to the Fringes–the last bastion of Eversummer civilization. It is said that mutants who are discovered in Eversummer often flee to the Fringes before they can be Judged, seeking sanctuary in the far flung villages where the rule of the True Body Plan is less oppressive. 
Less oppressive, but not absent. 
The Engie's shrill horn suddenly sounds; three long, hard blasts. The warning repeats. "What does that mean?" I ask, whirling back toward Altair and Ursa. They both look clueless, however. I glance over to one of the other corners in the car where a pair of mutants is quickly rummaging through a rucksack, producing a familiar looking tank and mask.
Air!
"I think we're entering a patch of Bleaklands!" I announce, turning back. Altair looks despondent, but he relaxes when Ursa pulls out her own portable breathing cylinder.
"I don't know how much longer this tank will last," Ursa announces, "but we can share it and hopefully make it through the Bleakpatch. It shouldn't take long for the Engie to cross it."
Unless it's a really big one, I think but don't say.
We wait and, indeed, as the Engie enters a steep walled canyon, the air becomes noticeably thinner, harder to breathe. Traylor takes the first shot of air, followed by me, then Ursa herself. Altair holds off for the moment. It's still possible to breathe, but it's growing more difficult. 
His face is going purple. 
The Engine continues and we each take a few more breaths, Altair only taking one for every three we take. Ursa shakes the cylinder, her eyes fearful. We don't talk, as that would waste air, but the implication is obvious. Our supply is getting low. 
I look over and a few of the other passengers are passed out completely. There's nothing that can be done for them until we're out of this though. The scruffy looking mutant man and his companion are fine, sharing their tank with regularity. We're rationing as best we can, but we're all growing weaker. Bleaker.
Three more blasts of the whistle.
We're outside the patch!
Altair springs to his feet, nearly stumbling, grabbing the sliding door on the car and flinging it open. Air rushes in. There's not much of it at first, but the breeze grows steadily stronger. Breathing becomes easier. Altair collapses by the door, exhausted. 
I see movement. 
I turn to see the scruffy man and his companion getting up. I grow tense, ready to call out to Altair, but the men are only going to the other people in the car, offering them their air. I smile broadly at the gesture. It seems there still are good people left in this world...
I hear a sharp cry of pain and turn again to see the scruffy men wailing on the unsuspecting passengers, kicking them in the gut and face. Their victims go limp. I push up off the hay, readying myself for a confrontation, but my head swims. I fall to my knees immediately. 
The scruffy men go over to the other corner where two more mutants, a man and a woman are stirring. They converse with the newcomers who get to their feet, their own breath tank now visible among their possessions. The new group of four share a laugh, then turn toward us.
These people are working together!
I hear a pained grunt and turn to see Altair stumbling weakly to his feet. With each breath I feel my strength returning, but it's not fast enough. Traylor and Ursa are like me, prone on the ground. Ursa is offering Traylor the last breath from her tank. 
"No need to get up," one of the men sneers at Altair, landing a boot square in the man's stomach.
"NO!" I call out in protest. Another of the men laughs, grabbing me by the hair and pushing me down. Ursa and Traylor are likewise handled roughly. The bandits start going through our things.
"Spit ashes!" I curse at the one that grabbed me, actually spitting at the man. 
"Enough!" the man counters, raising an open palm and slamming it hard against my cheek. Instantly, I feel the dried fruit and mud paste crack against my skin, falling away. 
My disguise.
"What the bloody ashes is this?" the man asks, kneeling down to take a closer look. He reaches out and grabs my cheek, peeling away more of the mask, revealing the unblemished skin beneath. The man's face goes pale as he stands upright, hand to his mouth. "You... You're not a mutant," he says in shock. "You're... You're..."
"Human," I finish for him between gritted teeth. "The last human." I look over at Traylor. One of the bandits–a woman–is poking at his mask now too. 
The man above me has a knife in his hands, pointing it directly toward me. "Gods!" he exclaims to his companions. "Do you guys know what we could get for her! Aren't the Children of Mutanity looking for a human?"
The woman shrugs. "I thought that was just a story to justify their brutality?"
"So did I," the scruffy man agrees. "I– Hey!"
The formless lump on the floor that had originally been Altair is now a blur, hands striking the woman, then the man next to Ursa, taking them both down in seconds.
The man above me snarls, grabbing my arm and moving the knife toward my throat. "NO!" I scream yet again and, without thinking, put my full weight forward, striking his stomach with surprising force. He stumbles backward, straight out the open door of the Engie compartment.
But he's not alone.
He's got me by the tunic and doesn't let go, taking me with him as we fly off into oblivion.




21.

"Where'd you get the machine!" he demands, pressing the shooting iron hard against the woman's temple.
Her sobbing grows harder.
"I... I... My husband..." she mutters. "It was... He's a conductor at Venecici Station and..." She stops, having a brief episode of panic.
"Finish this, Child Jude," Blaine's voice snakes from somewhere behind him. Jude turns to make sure Blaine had actually spoken. Sometimes–just sometimes mind you–he hears Blaine's voice inside his head. 
This, however, isn't one of those times. 
Jude nods, turning back to the woman. "Your husband accepted a plow machine as someone’s payment for passage aboard the Engie, is that right?"
The woman bobs her head up and down vigorously. "Yes."
"A bribe, you might call it." 
The woman frowns. "No! Not like that! He–"
"Credits are the only legal form of economic transaction," Jude interrupts. "It may be a strange new world we now live in, Marial, but even that has not changed. It keeps things fair. Credits were the basis of our economy and still are." 
Marial nods at everything he says, appearing to agree wholeheartedly.
"So you see, if we let mutants like your husband take unscrupulous advantage of the situation, people get desperate. Riots break out. Then the Children of Mutanity would have to step in." Marial gasps. "And trust me, Marial, you don't want that."
The shooting iron still pressed hard to her head, Marial nods emphatically. "Of course, you are right," she agrees. "When Fabrial gets home, I'll... I'll make sure things are put right." She gestures to the Forerunner plow–the same one stolen from the Children of Mutanity just days earlier–parked in a lean-to shelter behind Marial's house. Well, the house is more of a shack, really. He'd always hated coming to Venecici on ore runs from Krakelyn. The place is nothing more than a refuse dump. 
Jude grins at Marial. "That won't we necessary," he replies. "I think he'll get the message loud and clear." 
Jude cocks the weapon. 
"No!" Marial cries, raising her shaking, tumor pocked hands as a shield. "How was Fabrial to know that the machine belonged to the Children? It was a mistake! That's all! Just a simple little–"
BLAAAAAM!!!
Marial's cries cease as her corpse crumbles to the soil, blood pooling around her. A hand lands on Jude's shoulder, startling him. He nearly pulls the trigger again, but Blaine stops him.
"Good, Child Jude. Very good." Blaine pauses to stare at the corpse. "Very, very good. The last human will be ours soon enough." Blaine turns and gestures to his men looking on. "Bring him in!" he yells.
Blaine has a contingent of his twenty most faithful followers with him here, the rest of the Children spread throughout the southern cities. The followers part as a man, hands bound behind his back and a knotted rag tied in his mouth, is led to the head of the gathering.
Fabrial.
The man screams through his gag when he sees his dead wife, falling to his knees before her sagging corpse. Blaine nods, and one of the men removes the gag.
"Bastards!" Fabrial screams, leaning against his wife for support. "Why? Why did you–"
Blaine strikes the man without preamble, fire blazing in his dark brown eyes. "Your wife gave you up, Fabrial!" Blaine snickers. "She says you accepted this Forerunner machine as payment for a seat on the Engie. That is hardly ethical behavior for a man in your position."
Fabrial sneers, teeth bared. "Cut the ruse!" he screams. "This isn't about some bribe! What would men like you care if I– Ooomph!"
Fabrial is cut off as Blaine strikes him again. "We are men no longer, Fabrial," Blaine says, his tone severe. "We are mutants. And we are looking for the last human. Though you may not know it yet, one of the people who bribed their way aboard your Engie today was a human. A pure human."
Fabrial scowls. "Impossible! I got a good look at all of them and–" 
Blaine strikes again.
"Thou shalt only suffer a mutant to live! You aided and abetted a human, allowing it to escape! The penalty for such a crime is death!"
Fabrial collapses totally now, falling onto his wife. "A world without humanity is a world I no longer wish to be a part of," he announces, turning away, eyes cast on his dead wife's face.
"Jude," Blaine says, turning to him. "Finish it."
Jude nods, raising the shooting iron still clutched in his right hand. Fabrial sobs, but his face is hidden against his wife's body, half buried. That makes it easier. It's getting easier all the time.
But this man deserves to die, doesn't he?
It was men like this that caused the mutations in the first place, right?
Who caused the mutations?
"What did they look like?" Jude suddenly blurts aloud, surprising even himself. 
He doesn't expect Fabrial to respond, but the man actually does. "Who?" he asks, sneering. 
"You know who," Jude retorts, pulling his foot back to administer a kick.
Fabrial recoils. "An old woman with massive tumors on her face... A young man with red sores on his... A boy and a young woman, both with grayscale." Fabrial's response is quick, avoiding the blow from Jude.
"The young woman," Jude continues, "what color was her hair?"
Who caused the mutations?
The question keeps haunting his mind...and he doesn't know why. He's just a soldier in this war. A nobody. Why should he care who caused the mutations?
Because I know who did it.
"What is the meaning of this, Jude?" Blaine cuts in, unhappy at the delay. Jude shakes his head, giving Blaine a serious stare. Blaine sighs and nods, allowing it.
Jude nudges Fabrial with his boot. "Well?" he urges. 
Fabrial smirks. "Red and short, shaved at the sides." Jude's eyes widen. Fabrial sees it. "You know her, don't you? You–"
BLAAAM!
Fabrial's corpse drops on top of his wife's, together in death.
"Thank you, Child Jude," Blaine says, taking his prodigy by the shoulder again, pulling him away from the others for a moment. "But what was that about?"
Jude shakes his head; his mind has been so fuzzy since joining the Children. 
Since...the Box...on the beach...
"Nothing," he replies, trying to sound honest. "Just wanted to get a better description of her, that's all." 
"The last human, you mean?" Jude nods. "We already knew her hair color," Blaine says, eyeing Jude warily. 
"Yeah," Jude agrees, "I just... I wanted to make sure."
Blaine finally smiles, slapping Jude on the back. "Good enough then! Come! We have work to do! The last human is only a day or two ahead of us!" The two men rejoin the others, walking casually.
Who caused the mutations? Jude thinks as they move. 
The answer is there–he knows that it is–but for some reason he can't grasp it. It's been blocked out. Blocked by guilt. He sees a silver Box on a beach in his mind...but that's all he sees. 
Who opened the box?
"The last human," a voice responds inside. 
The voice that is always there now. 
Who is the last human? Jude counters, as if the voice is an old friend he likes to argue with.
"You know who, Jude."
Jude hesitates, denying the answer he dreads to say aloud. 
Juno? he finally asks with massive trepidation.
Blaine's answer hisses in his brain. "Yesssss..."




22.

The grassy plain ripples with a soft warm breeze blowing in from the ocean. The young man lets the air hit him, breathing it in with a hearty smile.
Freedom!
He never thought he'd be free again. 
They'd have to stay here, of course–probably for the rest of their lives–but as far as he was concerned, that’d be just fine. The sun stays just above the horizon on the Fringes of Eversummer, its rays not as harsh as they are further west. That’s good, because his eyes are sensitive. They all have sensitive eyes. He'd been taken from Everwinter at a young age–they all had–and so his eyes hadn't time to adapt to living in total darkness. Some might consider that a blessing. 
Ha!
If only they knew what he and the others had been through…
"Hey! You! Can you help me?"
Startled, the young man whirls, ready for anything, mind reeling. He’s never seen anybody else out here yet. Dead ahead, the straight, unwavering line of the Engie tracks crosses from horizon to horizon. 
And somebody is coming from that direction.
An Engie passed here not more than an hour ago. 
"Hey!" the voice calls again, high pitched, adolescent. "Can you hear me?” The voice belongs to a young boy, dashing toward him through the grass. The boy's forehead is covered in bloody streaks, but he seems none the worse for wear. There's also a strange, clumpy grey substance on his skin, a growth of some sort. But there are clear patches as well.
A new mutation?
Anything is possible now that mutations are the norm. 
"Yes, I can hear you!" the young man calls back. He breaks into a trot, covering the distance to the boy in minutes. The boy looks winded but happy to see him, eyeing the young man warily. 
He's probably never seen a mutant like me before, the young man thinks. "What's wrong?" he asks.
"This way," the boy says, leading him back toward the Engie tracks. "My sister is hurt."
Sister? The young man thinks, suddenly suspicious that this might be a trap of some sort. 
But who would set up a trap out here? 
Nobody lives out here anymore. 
The boy comes to a trampled section of grass. The first thing the young man sees is blood. It's everywhere, splashed all over the grass. The second thing he sees is the body; a large, man-sized hulk, motionless on the ground. And finally, he sees the sister this little boy is worried about. She's on her back on the grass, unconscious, dripping blood from a wound on her side. He kneels down beside the girl, dumbstruck by her rose red hair and remarkable beauty. 
He does a double take.
This girl is not a mutant!
"Yeah, I know," the boy nods, pointing to his sister. He reaches up and peels some of the grayscale from his own cheek. "See? It's just a disguise. We're human. The last ones left, we think. Please, mister, can you help her?"
The young man hesitates, pulling himself together. He puts his arms under the girl, lifting her onto his shoulder.
"Come on," he says, "we have to get her someplace safe."
And that’s how Traylor met Tien. 




23.

She opens her eyes.
Every muscle in her body aches, as if she's been thrown through a rock tumbler. She sits up, finding her surroundings to be completely unfamiliar. Grass? Plains? Blood! The grass around her is splashed with red. She immediately starts feeling her own body, searching for a mortal wound. 
There is none. The blood isn't hers.
Then whose is it?
Ursa turns where she's sitting, looking for some clue as to what's going on...and finds it. Not more than ten feet behind her, a pair of dual rails is set into the ground, stretching from horizon to horizon. 
Engie rails.
We fell off the Engie!
It all comes flooding back to her.
They were on the Engie when it passed through a Bleakpatch, their air nearly running out. When it was over, they were weakened, ripe for the plucking by the bandits that had stolen aboard the Engie with them. The bandits had had full breath tanks. They weren't weakened. They'd advanced on her friends, one pulling a knife on Juno.
And that's when all hells had broken loose.
Juno had screamed, tackling the man with the knife, knocking them both right out the Engie door. Traylor, heroically, had called out for his sister and leapt immediately after her, without a moment's hesitation. The remaining bandits, angered, had then advanced on Ursa and Altair, all seeming lost...
Somehow, Altair had struck back, managing to knock out the woman bandit. But then the two remaining men had overpowered him. They were about to throw him off the moving Engie when Ursa had intervened. She still doesn't know where she'd drummed up the courage.
She'd leapt, striking both men in a tackle as they'd struggled with Altair at the car's edge. All four of them had tumbled outward. 
It was all black after that. 
Ursa shakes her head, coming back to reality. Her heart is pumping a mile a minute.
Where are the others?
She gets to her feet, stumbling. Immediately, she spots a body; one of the bandits, his head twisted at an awkward angle.
Good.
"Juno! Traylor! Altair!" she calls out, not caring whether someone unfriendly hears it. She has to find her friends! She has to–
"Unnnnhhhh...."
Ursa freezes, the moan coming from her left. 
She steps gingerly, wary that the noise might belong to one of her attackers. 
But it's not one of the attackers.
"Altair!" Ursa exclaims, seeing the young man lying on his back, eyes half open to the sky. He's alive! 
"Altair!" Ursa calls again, falling to the Assassin's side. She grabs him by the shoulders. "Altair! Wake up! You're alive! You're–" Ursa cuts off with a gasp. In her excitement, she'd shaken Altair a bit, causing his head to loll sideways. 
It’s soaked in blood, pooling under the man's cheek.
Ursa cries out in horror.




24.

I open my eyes.
My first thought is that I'm comfortable.
Really comfortable.
The mattress beneath me is soft, feathery, the light sheet covering my body smooth and cool against my skin.
Against my skin?
I sit bolt upright, the blanket flying off my body at the same time. I look down, and my fear is confirmed: 
I AM BLOODY NAKED!
I scream, and I'm answered by another, almost like an echo. This scream is deeper though, masculine.
I look up.
The creature that sits in an easy chair at the end of an unfamiliar bed in an unfamiliar room is unlike anything I've ever seen. Its skin is pale, a pure white, matching the shaggy locks of snowy hair hanging in its face. The hair partially masks a pair of eyes that are brown with a reddish gleam to them. The creature wears a loincloth and a brown, rough spun robe, hanging open, revealing an exceedingly emaciated body. My eyes fall to its feet–human-like–but much larger, each one sporting six long, curled digits.
It has six toes!
I gasp, recalling the six-toed footprints on the beach in Krakelyn and outside of Ursa's now destroyed lab in Venecici.
Is this the creature that belongs to them?
The thing looks at me with its head cocked sideways, reminding me of an eagle eyeing its prey. Panicking, I pull the sheet back up over my body, looking around.
"Where are my clothes?" I ask, thinking of nothing better to say. Though its appearance is off-putting, this creature strikes me as timid. The creature, formerly smiling (I think), puts an embarrassed look on its face, literally leaping from its chair. 
"Oh, I'm sorry!" it says in a shockingly normal, human male voice. "Here! Here!" He ducks down then pops up from the side of the bed, holding my tunic top, pants, belt, and sandals, keeping his eyes off of me. "Sorry about that," he says, "but it was necessary."
Scowling, I rip my clothes from his grasp and pull them under the sheet with me, getting dressed immediately. "Necessary for what?" I ask with a sneer. I reach down to slip my pants on and feel a tender tugging at my side. I look down to see where a massive gash in my torso has been sewn expertly shut by the cleanest stitches I've ever seen. My blood stains the sheets beneath me. I flip the sheet off, still naked on the upper half of my body, spinning the wound toward this strange young man. 
"Did you do this?" I ask, pointing at the stitches.
The mutant nods, then shakes his head. "I sewed it shut, if that's what you mean," he answers timidly. "I didn't give you the wound."
I laugh, despite myself. "Yeah, that's what I meant." I pause, meeting those reddish brown eyes. "Thank you."
The young man nods sheepishly, still keeping his eyes off my half naked form. "You're welcome."
I grab my pants and finally slip them on. "Where are we?" I ask, really taking in my surroundings for the first time. This room is clearly a bedroom; there are windows, but the drapes are drawn shut. I step over to the nearest one. 
"Where are the other people I was with?"
"People?" the mutant asks as I open the drapes. "I'm sorry, but there was only one other person with you when I found you. Well, actually, he led me to you."
"Who?" I ask, spinning. I've just opened the drapes and catch a glimpse of the outside world. It’s not very interesting. Just a sea of grass, as far as the eye can see.
"Um, a little boy," the mutant replies. "He said his name is–"
"Traylor!" I finish, almost screaming.
"Juno?" a familiar voice squeaks from just outside the room. The door bursts open and there stands my little brother, a grin splitting his face from ear to ear. "Juno!" he says, running to me, practically knocking me down with a hug. The stitches pull at my side. 
"Ow! Take it easy, buddy!" I say. "I'm happy to see you too." I smile at him. "You saved me."
Traylor shakes his head. "Nah, that was nothing. It was Tien here who did the real lifesaving. You shoulda seen the way he stitched you up, Juno!"
Tien is standing timidly on the other side of the room, blushing and not meeting our eyes. He says, "I couldn't let one of the last two humans bleed out now, could I?"
I gasp, reaching up to my face, realizing that my disguise is washed clean off. Same with Traylor. My brother sees my panic. "Don't worry, Juno," he soothes, "Tien is good people. They all are here."
"Here?" I echo. "Yeah, just where is here?"
Tien finally meets my gaze. "About a hundred wheels from the Fringes," he replies. "My brothers and I have lived here almost our whole lives."
"You're from Everwinter, aren't you?" I ask, recalling descriptions of Everwinter mutants from stories that gave me the creeps as a child.
Tien nods reluctantly. "I was. We all were. But we were taken when we were young, brought to this place. As a result, we haven't developed all of the traits of a typical Everwinter mutant."
I shake my head, not really understanding any of it. "Yeah, you still haven't told me what this place is," I intercede, getting annoyed. I look out the window again and still see nothing but the plains. There is literally nothing out here.
Tien hesitates, so Traylor speaks up for him. "It's a school, Juno!" he says. "For mutants!" 
My jaw drops, completely incredulous. "Say that again.”
Tien remains sheepish.
"Some scientists from Eversummer built this place," Traylor speaks again. He's had quite a history lesson during my recovery, apparently. "Then they took some mutant kids from Everwinter," he gestures to Tien, "and brought them here to educate them like would in Eversummer! They wanted to see if they were just as smart as we are! That's right, isn't it, Tien?" Traylor stares at his new friend.
Tien shrugs. "Um, basically, yeah," he replies. It sounds a little farfetched to me, but I don't press it.
"Traylor," I say. "Where are Ursa and Altair?"
Traylor seems to shrink, his good cheer drained away. "I don't know," he says. "Tien and a few of the others went out to search for them near the Engie tracks but... Nothing. So far."
I nod, expecting the answer. "We have to find them," I say. "And as soon as possible." I head for the door but stop, staring at Tien.
"Well?" I say. "Aren't you gonna show me around?" Tien brightens immediately, seeming to grow a foot taller.
"Oh, of course," he says. "Sorry, Juno. Right this way."
Traylor rolls his eyes at me and makes a kissing face with his lips. I move to slap him, but it's a half-hearted gesture.
We follow Tien into the house.




25.

The first thing I notice is that I've just left the cleanest room in the building.
We're in a hallway on the upper floor. 
There are doors all along its length, most hanging wide open, revealing rooms that are messy, cluttered, or destroyed. We pass one where a young mutant man stands naked, pulling on a soiled pair of black tunic pants. He snarls at our approach, slamming the door shut.
"Sorry," I say with practiced sarcasm.
Tien looks back at me with a smirk. "Try not to be offended," he says. "Most of my brothers have not had contact with an outsider in years."
"Really?" I ask, shocked and confused. "I thought this was a school run by outsiders, Tien?"
Tien turns away and walks a little faster, giving me the feeling he'd said something he shouldn't have. "This way," is all he says.
As we move deeper and deeper into the Manse–for that is what this place is, comparable in size to my own home in Krakelyn–the feeling that this place is not a school grows stronger within me. There's garbage everywhere, for one thing. 
Food, clothing, dirt, grime. 
And it seems like Tien is the only civilized resident.
"How long did you say you've been living here?" I ask as we descend a massive, curving staircase to the bottom floor. From the condition of the place, it doesn't seem like they've been living this way for long. The mess I'm seeing looks fairly fresh. 
Since the Final Judgment, perhaps. 
"Hey, Jurid!" Traylor calls, waving to an excitable young mutant who runs up to greet us as we reach the main floor. 
"Traylor!" Jurid slurs through crooked lips. His eyes fall onto me, growing wide. "Is this your sister?" he asks, staring hungrily.
"Yeah, that's Juno," Traylor replies, as if he doesn't care. He's too cool for me now that he knows I'm alright.
"Good to meet you, Juno!" Jurid practically screams, holding an emaciated white hand out to me. I take it, shivering at the coldness of his flesh. He looks a lot like Tien.
"You too," I say, ending the handshake quickly then closing my fist to warm it up. I sneak a look at his feet. No shoes. And six toes, like Tien. Well, at least now I know that all Everwinter mutants have six toes. Images of the footprints on the beach and outside Ursa's lab haunt me once again.
We enter a community kitchen of some sort, with long tables and trays of food scattered about, most having been picked over or dumped completely. The leavings are not picked up. A few of the boys are in the midst of a food fight, but when we enter and make our presence known, it stops immediately, all eyes falling upon us.
Falling upon on Tien.
It could be my imagination, but I think I read jealousy in a lot of those faces. Faces a lot like Tien’s.
"Well, Tien?" a voice calls out from the back. "Are we civilized, or are we savages? Aren't you going to introduce us to our guests?" It was a tall young mutant who had spoken. He looks older than the rest, with hair so white it's nearly blue hanging to his butt. His eyes are redder too, cold and calculating.
Tien pushes his way to the front of our little procession. 
"Sorry, Dura," he calls out, stepping up onto one of the tables in the middle of the kitchen.
"Dura is like our, um, unofficial leader," Jurid whispers to me, winking when I look at him. I nod but say nothing. I feel like he's undressing me with his eyes. 
And he's not the only one.
I realize then that I'm really lucky that Tien was the one that found and took care of me here.
"Brothers!" Tien calls out. "By now, you all know Traylor Quinn." He gestures to my little brother theatrically. "Now, I'd like you to meet his sister, Juno Quinn! Together, they are the last two humans to survive the Final Judgment!" 
I can see that Traylor is expecting some sort of dramatic fanfare from that little speech, but all I hear is grumbling–mostly about how they’re gonna have to feed us now too. I look around again, noticing that most of the residents here are emaciated. They're not getting enough to eat. Wasted food lies everywhere, rotting. Whatever happened in this place, these boys were left to fend for themselves without an inkling of how to do so. 
I feel bad for them.
I step up on the table beside Tien.
"Hi, I'm Juno," I say with a timid wave. "Look, my brother and I don't want to be a burden on you. We'll be on our way once we find the friends we lost when we fell from the Engie." I pause, seeing I now have their undivided attention. "Um, I guess there's no denying that Traylor and I are the last humans. We're on a mission, I guess you'd call it. To save human kind from extinction. We have to get to Everwinter." Shocked murmurs erupt from the crowd. "We don't expect anything from you," I continue over the noise, "but I do need to ask of you one thing." I breathe deep. "Please, keep our existence a secret. I know you probably don't get many visitors out here but... It's imperative that we keep ourselves hidden. A lot of, um, people, want us dead. They don't want the old world to come back. Frankly, I tend to agree with them. I hated that old religion. But that's not why we're doing this. We're doing this because if we don't, the human race will be extinct within a generation." The crowd gasps, and I hear murmurs of disbelief. "You see, that's the greatest tragedy of the Final Judgment. You're all sterile now, every mutant in the world, and–"
"But we've always been mutants," Dura's voice echoes from the back of the room, overpowering mine. Silence descends for a few moments.
"Yes, but–" I start to say, then realize I don't know for certain that all mutants are sterile–just the ones that were created during the Final Judgment. These boys were mutants all along, born that way in Everwinter. I study the faces around me. They all share the same pale gaunt features, and reddish eyes, but they don't have boils or tumors like everyone else. 
I puff myself up. "Dura, is it?" I ask, my eyes now glued to the tall mutant boy, almost a man, in human terms. Dura nods, stepping forward. I'm still standing on the table, but when Dura reaches me our eyes are level. 
"Yes," he replies sternly.
I hesitate, unsure of how to proceed. "Obviously, you guys know about the Final Judgment, right?" Dura nods, supported by the others around him. "And, um, did you guys see what happened to the, um, normal people when it happened?"
Dura huffs in frustration. "We have eyes, Miss Quinn," he sneers sarcastically.
"Right," I agree. "Well... Did anything happen to you guys during the Final Judgment? What I mean is: did you acquire any, um, new mutations?"
Dura laughs, shaking his head. "I forget you have never encountered an Everwinter mutant before, Miss Quinn. To answer your question bluntly, no, the Final Judgment had no physical effect on me or my brothers whatsoever."
I brighten, a smile breaking out. "That's good news!" I announce. "That means you guys probably aren't sterile!" I watch Dura's face for a reaction, but he remains cold. In that moment, a terrible thought occurs to me. Does this mean that every Everwinter mutant isn't sterile?
It's a scary notion.
If the mutants of Everwinter–a people marginalized by the humans of Eversummer for centuries–get wind of this, they could rise up and wipe out humanity in its weakened state. Our sheer numbers were the only thing holding Everwinter at bay all this time.
"That is good news," Dura agrees with me. "For us." He gestures to his brothers. "If you knew the way your kind treated have us in this facility, Miss Quinn..."
I blush, embarrassed somewhat by my candor, but I don't let it stop me. "I thought this place was a school," I say, turning to eye Tien warily. 
Dura's gaze also finds Tien. "What have you been telling them?" he asks, teeth bared.
Tien shakes his head. "I was trying to protect the boy." He gestures to Traylor, standing below him at the table. 
"From what?" Dura laughs. "This world is no longer a place for youthful innocence." He hesitates, considering. "Why don't you take them outside, Tien?" Dura suggests. "Show them where our 'education' took place."
Tien seems to deflate, eyes downcast. He doesn't argue. "Yes, Dura," he agrees, stepping down from the table. His eyes meet mine. "Come on."
Reluctantly, still scowling at Dura, I step down too, grabbing Traylor and following Tien out of the mess hall. The place is eerily calm. The mutant boys glare at us the entire time we leave, some licking their lips, others whistling at us shrilly.
Whistling at me.
I can't wait to get the bloody ashes out of this place.




26.

My first reaction is: how the hells hadn't I seen this before?
"Did you know about this?" I ask Traylor, pointing.
Traylor shakes his head, turning back toward the Manse, dead grass crunching under his sandaled feet. "No, I... I guess..."
"We kept you on the far side of the house," Tien explains as if he is deeply ashamed. “So you wouldn’t see it.”
"Yeah, I guess that's right," Traylor nods. "I never noticed."
I turn back toward the grassy plain.
Before us stands a massive metallic dome, rising out of the landscape like a bubble. Like a maggot. 
"This is where they experimented on us," Tien explains. My heart sinks, my suspicions about this place confirmed. This isn't a school for mutants. It's a school where humans could learn about mutants–by doing things to them.
I shudder and feel the tears welling up.
"I'm so sorry, Tien," I say, taking his cold, pale hands in my own. His eyes meet mine for once, and I see a surprising amount of compassion within. Humanity. He eyes me like he loves me. 
And, I have to admit, that doesn't feel like a bad thing. 
"Would you like to see it?" Tien asks, gesturing toward the dome.
I'm stunned, having trouble finding words. "I... I..."
"Hells, yes!" Traylor bellows, eyes wide. 
"Traylor!" I scowl at the boy, mortified. "I don't think that–"
"JUNO! TRAYLOR!"
We all whirl to the left, stunned by a new voice. 
I almost faint.
It's Ursa!
"Gods you two!" the woman screams. "Am I glad to see you! I need help! NOW!"
Ursa is drenched in blood.




27.

"The last human was here," Blaine says, getting up from the kneeling crouch he'd used to examine the body. There is blood everywhere, but not all of it belongs to this unfortunate fellow.
Not by a long shot.
"Yes, High Deacon," Jude agrees, kneeling in another patch of flattened grass only a few feet away. There’d been a body here as well, but somebody had moved it. 
That meant that somebody was still alive. 
The Children of Mutanity, using floating rail carts obtained in Venecici, had ridden the Engie tracks all the way to the Fringes, only to find that the last human and her friends hadn't gotten off at the end of the line. They’d jumped off somewhere.
It hadn't taken long to pick up the trail though.
"They went that way," Jude points, his finger finding a nearly faded path of flattened grass meandering to the horizon. The wind is constant out here, causing the grass to ceaselessly shift and reassert itself. The path won't be visible much longer. Blaine joins him, staring in the direction Jude is indicating.
"There's something out there," Blaine says, squinting.
Jude squints his own eyes, but can't be sure. It could be something, but it could also just be a rounded hilltop.
"Farseer," Blaine orders, reaching out to one of the Children behind him. A mutant man, laden with field equipment, passes a long brass tube to Blaine who takes the device and holds it up to one eye. He smiles, handing the Farseer to Jude. Jude takes it and looks, a bulbous metallic structure suddenly appearing on the magnified horizon. 
"There's a Manse behind it too," Jude announces.
"We move quickly and quietly," Blaine says, reining his Children together. "Stay low in the grass. There's little cover out here, but that cannot be helped. Jude, you're with me." 
Jude nods, pride swelling in him. 
This was it! The moment his life had been leading up to. 
The last human.
Who is the last human?
You know who it is!
It's not her! It can't be!
Does it matter?
He shakes his head. 
No, he finally thinks. I must kill the last human.
Blaine's voice in his head overpowers his own.
THE LAST HUMAN MUST DIE!




28.

"I'm sorry... My fault... Mutations... Pilcrow? No! Juno... Last human? No!"
"Pilcrow?" I repeat, face scrunched. "What does that mean?"
Ursa shakes her head, staring at Altair's unconscious form. "He's been spouting this nonsense since I found him." The woman's eyes find mine. "He seems to be dreaming about you a lot though." She smirks.
I roll my eyes. "It's probably the concussion." I turn to Tien, who's just finished putting a fresh dressing on Altair's head. "It is a concussion, right?"
Tien shrugs. "I can't say for sure but... Yeah, probably."
We're back in Tien's room in the Manse. Me, Traylor, Ursa, Tien, and Altair. When Ursa showed up in front of the Manse, hysterical, Tien had immediately rounded up a few of his brothers and retrieved Altair from the grasslands according to Ursa's directions. Ursa had seemed nervous–even for her–upon seeing the mutant boys from Everwinter, but she seems calmer now. Luckily, Altair's only major wound is on the head, and that not so severe. He will recover.
Ursa sobs a little, and I move to where she sits at the side of the bed to comfort her. "Why don't you take a walk?" I suggest. "You've done all you can for Altair. Take a break, get some air. The boys here won't bother you." I think.
Ursa shakes her head vehemently. "No... I... I can't. I feel responsible for him now. I want to be here when he wakes up. You go, Juno. Get some air. I don't imagine he'll be waking for a while yet."
I very much want to argue the point, but the look on Ursa's face stops me. She's traumatized. I nod. "Sure," I say. "Come on, Traylor. Let's go get something to eat with Tien." Traylor doesn't argue for once, heading for the door, Tien beside him.
"Juno?" Ursa calls, timidly. "A moment, please."
I nod at Tien and Traylor and they leave the room.
"What is it?" I ask, coming next to the woman again.
Ursa's face becomes graver than it already is. 
"It isn't safe here," she urges.
I sigh. "Look, I know some of these boys seem a little rough around the edges, but I don't think they'll hurt us. Not with Tien around anyway."
Ursa shakes her head. "It's not that," she says. "I know what this place once was."
I smirk. "Yeah, so do I."
"You do?"
"Yeah. They used to experiment on the boys here. They were stolen from Everwinter as infants and brought here." Ursa's jaw is almost on the floor. "Tien told me," I explain.
Ursa nods. "Well, thank the gods for him," she says. "But that's not what has me worried."
I roll my eyes, getting annoyed. "What is it, Ursa?"
She lowers her voice, conspiratorially. "I used to work here," she says.
My eyes pop wide. "What?" I say, hoping I'd misheard her.
"It was brief, and a long time ago," Ursa explains. "I don't think any of these boys will remember me but..."
I nod, understanding the woman's fear now. "Do you remember any of them?" I ask.
Ursa shakes her head. "It was so long ago, and they were just infants at the time... Juno, you don't know what we did here. It wasn't pleasant. It happened during a more desperate time in my life, and I was willing to compromise my scruples to achieve my goals."
I pause, staring. "You mean curing mutations, don't you? You did some of your experiments here..." To help cure my Mother, I think but don't say.
Ursa nods, touching the tumors on her face. "I didn't look like this back then," she says. "There's that at least. They haven't recognized me so far."
I study her face, the human she’d once been barely recognizable. I smile. "There's nothing to worry about then," I say. "You look nothing like those old fotos in your lab." I smirk sheepishly. "That's not meant to be an insult, by the way."
Ursa laughs and Altair groans at the sound, struggling a little on the bed. "No offense taken," she finally says. "I suppose you are right." She smiles at me. "Go. Take a walk with Tien. I'll send someone when Altair wakes up. Then we can get the hells out of here."
I get up, putting a hand on the mutant woman's shoulder. "Take it easy," I say. "You deserve it."
And with that, I leave the room.




29.

I find the hallway outside the room deserted. 
Boisterous voices echo up from the main floor, so I head down the stairs. I make my way to the mess hall and find a group of mutants surrounding Traylor and the mutant boy Jurid. To my astonishment, the two are wrestling at the center of the circle, grunts and cries produced as they tangle. 
And laughs. 
I sigh in relief upon realizing this is all for fun. Then I laugh too. Traylor is actually giving Jurid a run for it! I see Tien among the group, watching. I slip over to him and tap him on the shoulder. He turns toward me and smiles. 
"Wanna go for a walk?" I ask. He nods enthusiastically. 
We leave together, with more than a few eyes watching us instead of the combatants in the ring. As soon as we're outside, it feels as if a huge weight has been lifted, like I'd been holding my breath for hours. Tien falls into step beside me and I relax. 
We head for the dome. 
Tien looks at me, but when my eyes try to find his, they dart away. 
He's such a timid creature.
"You're not like the others here, are you, Tien?"
Tien finally looks at me as if offended. "We are all the same," he replies. "We are brothers. We all come from Everwinter. We–"
"You know that's not what I meant," I cut him off. "I mean in here." I tap my chest once. "You feel things that they don't." I hesitate. Tien's gone shy again. "You're more human," I finish.
Tien's gaze falls all the way to the ground and he deflates, as if I've just pulled a magic pin from his back that was keeping him upright. He nods. "They call me brother, but they treat me like a human." He pauses. "The people that brought us here, the science people, they all liked me the best. I don't know why. I guess ‘cause I could relate to them. I understood what they were trying to do, even if it was horrific. 'For the greater good', one of them always told me." Tien shudders. "I understood the concept, but my brothers didn't. Or they refused to."
"And you accepted that?" I ask, making my disdain plain. "You accepted the fact that they were experimenting on you so that their kind–humans–could be advanced?"
Tien shrugs. "No, I did not accept it. But, like I said, I understood it. Those people would have done what they did regardless of whether I accepted it or not. Not understanding it would have only served to make things worse. If my life was to be resigned to an endless cycle of pain and suffering, at least some good would come of it. At least there was the hope that it would result in a life being saved." Tien hesitates. "Even if that life was human."
I shake my head, hardly believing what I'm hearing. 
Did my Father know what went on here? I wonder for what seems the millionth time. I'm almost positive now that he did. And did he justify it by saying it was for 'the greater good'? He did use that phrase sometimes. Was saving my Mother worth such a hefty cost?
You would have done the same for Jude.
I nod to myself. Yes, I would have. Without a doubt. 
I love you, Juno Quinn... 
"You really are one of a kind, Tien," I say, interrupting my thoughts, smiling openly at the mutant.
Tien shrugs, saying nothing. I take his hand in mine. I can feel his hesitation, but then he relaxes and our hands clasp as one. His flesh is cold. Not freezing, but a hells of a lot colder than mine. 
I don't mind. 
We reach the dome. 
I hadn't even realized that this was where we were headed. We're standing on a large stone patio before a massive door of frosted glass, standing open. I've never anything like it. There's little trails of dirt, leaves, and grass moving in and out of the building.
"We don't come out here much," Tien says, reaching for the door.
I grab his arm. "We don't have to do this," I say, seeing the pain in his eyes.
Tien shakes his head. "No, it's alright. I've been here many times since...." The Final Judgment, I finish in my head. "A lot of my brothers avoid it altogether," Tien continues, "but I think that's unhealthy. It's just a building, and now it's abandoned. We have to move on."
My eyes go wide, amazed at Tien's maturity. I put a hand on his shoulder. "After you," I gesture. 
Tien leads me inside. 
It's dark, but then I hear a soft buzzing noise and a chain of bright lights bursts on in an arc overhead. One light explodes, sending sparks showering across the other side of the building.
Automatic power! 
"It's really getting rundown now," Tien says. 
There's a central concourse shooting straight off before us. On either side, the dome is divided into sections by sometimes transparent, sometimes translucent glass walls. I've never seen so much of the same type of glass in one place. A lot of the walls are smashed; equipment, screens, and desks toppled haphazardly where I can see them.
"My brothers went a little crazy when we were first set free," Tien explains. "The humans abandoned us after the Final Judgment, so we moved into the Manse where they used to live. But our hate of this place drew us back. We took out our frustrations on these inanimate objects." Tien shakes his head. "Why do we do that? It's not like we're actually getting revenge when we do it. It wasn't the building that harmed us, but the people inside it."
I pull Tien closer to me. "Because you're human, Tien," I say, almost whispering. "At least partially. You may be mutants, but you have emotions. All of you."
Tien nods, pulling me deeper into the complex.
Some of the rooms we pass are locked, still clean and sterile, but I don't find it hard to imagine the horrors they'd inflicted. I see tables and chairs with straps on them, used to restrain their victims. I see cold instruments and tubing hanging from the ceiling, hanging over tables and chairs. I see needles, drills, scalpels, cutting instruments, sewing instruments.
I puke up a little in my mouth.
Tien has scars on his body, but unlike human scars, they blend perfectly with the surrounding white tissue, nearly invisible unless felt directly. I brush a hand along Tien's arm and feel quite a few of the hard raised lumps. He shivers, stopping in the middle of the concourse. 
My eyes meet his.
"We... We shouldn't do this, Juno," Tien says timidly. But for once he's not looking away.
"Do what?" I ask, bringing my lips closer to his. 
Closer and closer.
"I... I'm not good enough for you, Juno," Tien says, starting to shake.
I stop briefly, our lips just inches apart. "Why? Because I'm the last human?" I shake my head. "My kind is doomed, Tien. And besides, you saved my life! If anything, that means I'm not good enough for you. Humanity had its chance."
"You don't really believe that," Tien states.
"Maybe," I grin, and start moving toward him again.
"Juno, I–" Tien's words are cut off as my lips find his, warm flesh locking onto cold. It's the strangest sensation of my life. Nothing like kissing Jude.
Jude!
My eyes go wide but I don't pull away. What am I doing? Jude's been gone little more than a month and I'm–
Tien senses my hesitation. His eyes open and he pulls away.
"What?" he asks, fear plain on his face. "Is something wr–"
KERRASH!!
Tien and I both whirl. 
A pair of shapes near the entrance to the concourse duck behind a glass wall. We can hear their footfalls as they run. Then we hear the slamming of a door, opening and closing. 
Tien scowls. "Damn them!" he growls. "I knew they couldn't leave me alone with you! Not even for a second!"
"Your brothers?" I ask, though I know the answer.
"Yeah," Tien confirms. "I suppose you've noticed their, ahem, scrutiny of you?"
I nod with a smirk. "Oh yeah, you could say that."
Tien blinks. "You should have seen them fight over you when I first brought you in. It was nearly a riot. Dura had to step in and stop it. He doesn't do that often." Tien pauses. "I wouldn't say Dura likes me, but he respects what I am. He knew that I would take care of you and that your best chance was with me."
Still holding Tien's cold hand, I squeeze it. But the moment is over, and I reluctantly let it go. 
"Should we head back?" I ask.
Tien is reluctant too. "Yes, I think maybe we should. If my brothers covet you this much... If they saw us, um, kissing..." He hesitates. "I don't want Traylor to get caught up in it."
My heart feels ready to stop. I hadn't even considered that.
"Yeah," I say. "Let's get outta here."




30.

The Manse is full of shouting, much as it was when we'd left it. My only hope is that the boys are still wrestling in the mess hall.
They aren't.
We get there and the place seems to be on the verge of erupting, curses coming from every corner of the large space. Dura is at the front, shouting something, but we can't make it out over the cacophony. 
Then our presence is noted.
Slowly, one by one, every head turns our way, the voices coming to a stop. The glares that greet us are icier than the kiss I'd just shared with Tien. 
The kiss that started this all. 
I look at Tien and he's returning the stares, heedless. I get the feeling that Tien is a courageous individual, but only when it's forced out of him, kicking and screaming as it is now.
Tien strides toward Dura, purposefully. "What is this about?" he asks, voice stern and confident. There's no denying it: I'm crushing hard on Tien. 
"Your friends need to leave, Tien," Dura says, without preamble. "Now. For the sake of our community." Dura's eyes fall on me and I shiver.
Tien sneers. "I saved her life; that makes me responsible for her." He snarls at the rest of his brothers. "Is this how we treat those in our care? If it is, then we are no better than the humans that imprisoned us here all these years!" Tien points toward a wall. We can't see it from here, but the dome sits in that direction.
"That's a lie!" voices scream from a suddenly erupting crowd.
"We are nothing like them!" others concur.
"Humans are the blasphemy!" still others contribute.
The room is near boiling. 
Dura screams for silence and, for once, the brothers listen. But now a new voice enters the fray.
"What's going on here?" Ursa's familiar tone sounds from the main entrance. 
Upon seeing Ursa, Dura's expression becomes grave. Tien and I are standing in front of Dura at the head of the room, and he gestures for us to move closer. "You and your friends leave now," he says to me. "Or the consequences will be disastrous."
I bare my teeth. "I thought you were the leader here, Dura," I counter. "Yes, I get it, your boys have been suppressed for most of their lives, but if you don't rein them in now, sooner or later, your society will crumble." Dura's gaze is hard and only growing harder. "We can't leave, not until Altair is recovered. If you really are the leader here, now's your chance to prove it." I pause to gesture theatrically. "Tell your boys to stay away from us, and we'll do likewise until we leave. Traylor included."
I've just caught a glimpse of my little brother, hiding among the mutants, inching towards me and Tien. 
What are you doing? he mouths at me harshly.
I just shake my head to indicate that he should join me.
Dura finally sighs. "It is not that easy," he says. "Tien doesn't know what it was like for the others. He was well liked by the humans. Some of his brothers, what was done to them can never be reversed." Dura pauses to tap his skull. "In here," he says. "They cannot escape the nightmares in their minds and the hatred they have for humans."
I nod, sympathizing. "Look, Dura, I get that you've all been through a lot, but that doesn't excuse this kind of behavior. They want to beat or kill Tien and fight over me. This cannot go on! If you let it, you've lost them forever. Your community will die right here in the place you despise so much."
Dura nods, his stone expression finally melting. He lowers his voice. "I agree with you, Miss Quinn. More than you know. Unfortunately, I must do what is best for my brothers. You leave now, or I will let it be known who your traveling companion is." He gestures to Ursa, who has just joined us at the front of the room. "For the greater good," Dura finishes with a hiss.
My eyes go wide.
He knows.
My conversation with Tien, not more than half an hour ago, replays in my mind:"The people that brought us here, the science people, they all liked me best. I don't know why. I could relate to them, I guess. I understood what they were trying to do, even if it was horrific. 'For the greater good', one of them always told me..."
I turn toward Tien, my body feeling like it's encased in thick jelly. I expect his gaze to meet mine, but Tien's eyes are cast elsewhere.
He's looking at Ursa.
He turns back toward Dura, keeping his head low, eyes squinted. He shakes his head, then finally looks up at Dura. "How did you know?" he asks, stealing a quick glance back at Ursa. The mutant woman approaches timidly. "I barely recognize her."
The exceptionally tall Dura stoops low as well, keeping the conversation between us three. "She was one of the few good ones," Dura answers. "You wouldn't know because they were all good to you, Tien. More or less. But I remember the truly good ones." Dura pauses, gathering himself. "Do you think I'd let her stand here among us if she were not?" 
Tien shakes his head. "If you tell the others, they won't care whether she was one of the good ones or not. All they will care about is revenge." Hoarse whispers and muted curses echo from behind us and I turn to see that the mutant boys are getting restless, eyeing us warily. We need to wrap this up quickly. 
"They'll tear them apart," Tien pleads, turning his gaze on mine.
Dura shakes his head, expression returning to stone. "I know, Tien, which is why I am giving them the chance to leave now. They have until the tenth hour to leave this place." He pauses. "If they are still here after that, I will have no choice but to tell the brothers the truth." He crosses his arms, indicating that the matter is settled. I hear a few vicious growls from the onlookers. 
I'm getting nervous. 
Tien checks a large clock on the wall–one of the few still working machines in this place. He looks at Dura, then at me. "It's the eighth hour," he informs. "That is not much time." Dura remains stern. Tien bows. "Very well then. I have no choice as well. I am going with them." He announces it just a little too loudly. A few of the boys near the front hear it, relaying the information to their brothers. I'm shocked, but unsurprised. 
Tien never really belonged here anyway.
The hall is getting louder.
"Then I suggest you be gone by the ninth hour," Dura admonishes. "For your own good."
Is that a threat?
Before I can dwell on it, the crash of a table behind us makes us all whirl. A boy near the back has flipped one over. He's still throwing things, his rage growing. 
"Why does Tien get to have her?" he screams over the escalating shouts. The rest of the boys seem to agree.
Tien pulls me in behind him as a few of the boys advance toward us. I turn and look to Dura for some form of help, but the lead boy has stepped away, indicating that he's washed his hands of the situation. Traylor and Ursa are behind me now too, both shaking in terror.
"What do we do?" Ursa stammers.
Tien snarls at a boy who gets close, swinging a long limbed arm. But it's all a ruse. While Tien's off balance, another boy sneaks in behind and goes to his knees as yet another boy shoves Tien from the front, knocking him hard over the kneeling boy and sending him crashing to the stone floor. 
"No!" I protest. 
But it's too late. 
The boys surround us...
KRAKOOOM!!
An absolutely deafening roar mutes all the other noise in the mess hall. It's a sound I've heard all too often now on this adventure. 
A shooting iron. 
The boys halt their advance, many leaping for cover. They are all looking toward the front of the hall, but I can't see anything over the taller mutants.
"Move away!" a voice orders. It's vaguely familiar, making my breath catch. There's a cold edge to it though, making it hard to discern.
The boys don't move.
"NOW!" the voice orders. Another deafening blast fills the room, followed by a spray of rocky shrapnel as a bullet crashes into the floor near the largest clump of boys.
The boys get the hint.
They leap for their lives, congregating against the edges of the room. The spread apart like a wave, and the apparition that is revealed in their wake is literally the last person I expected to see in this crazy, messed up world. I expected to see Altair, or maybe the Children of Mutanity. 
But not him. Not now.
"Jude?" I ask, trying not to sound skeptical but doing a bad job of it.
"Hello, Juno," Jude returns. "Or should I call you the last human?"




31.

"Jude!" I repeat, rubbing my eyes to make sure he's not some ghostly figure ready to disappear. "Is it really you?" I run toward him, my heart fluttering like a leaf on the wind. 
Jude is still holding a shooting iron–where the hells had he gotten that?–but it's at his side, pointed at the floor. He watches me approach, but his expression never changes.
I love you, Juno Quinn…
His voice in my mind, once again.
I slow down as I reach him. "Jude?" I ask, smiling broadly. "What's wrong? What's–"
Stars explode before my eyes. 
When I recover seconds later, I'm kneeling on the floor, holding my cheek where Jude had struck it. There's blood. The boys in the hall snarl at Jude, but he's pointing the shooting iron at them again. They back off. Tears well up in my eyes. The feelings I have for this man bubble to the surface, suppressed for far too long now. 
"Why?" I whisper. "I thought you were dead. I... I–"
"Humanity is a blasphemy," Jude cuts me off. "And the Children of Mutanity must cleanse it." 
I feel like a lead weight has been placed upon my chest. "No, Jude," I say, still kneeling and shaking my head. Tears fall. "Don't tell me that. Not now that I have you back. Tell me you're not one of them..."
"We have this place surrounded, Juno," Jude continues as if I hadn't spoken, "twenty men with twenty shooting irons. We don't want to hurt the mutants living here. We just want the last human, nothing more." Jude's voice echoes in the silent recesses. I can't look at him. I don't know how. He's been brainwashed. The Children must have taken him in after the Final Judgment. It's the only explanation. 
He's only asking for the last human. One person! Me! They don't know about Traylor! I realize with a start. 
Covertly, I turn my head to look back toward the front of the room. Dura is still there, along with Ursa, but I can't see Traylor anywhere. 
Where did he go?
And where the hells is Tien?
"Come on," Jude continues, voice cold. "Get up, Juno. Make this easy on your friends. Come quietly, and they will be left alone."
The mutant boys, still hanging on at the edge of the room, are looking outside the tall windows now, whispering and pointing. There are indeed people out there. Other Children, just as Jude threatened. I never doubted it. 
There is no choice.
"Okay," I say, finally looking up at Jude, forcing my emotions into a bottle. "I'll... I'll go with you. I think you're faking this whole thing anyway. Do you remember the last thing you told me, Jude?"
I love you, Juno Quinn...
Jude remains unmoved, expression unreadable. 
"Let's go," I finally say, defeated.
"NO!" somebody suddenly screams.
Out of nowhere comes Tien, leaping toward Jude from the edge of the room, covering the distance in two bounds. Jude is thrown off balance and Tien strikes him, the shooting iron sent scattering across the floor. The other boys scramble for it. A struggle ensues but it proves one-sided. Tien is much stronger than Jude. He has my former love pinned helplessly, one long fingered hand clasped firmly around Jude's soft throat.
"Stay away from her!" Tien growls, his grip tightening. 
Jude hardly flinches. 
What's happened to him? Why is he so emotionless? 
"If I don't return to the Children in two minutes," Jude manages to croak out, "they have orders to come in after me, irons blazing. They will kill you all."
Tien's grip slackens a bit. A few of the more reckless boys in the room encourage Tien to crush Jude, but he doesn't. 
He lets go.
"Get out," Tien orders, teeth bared.
Jude gets to his feet, slow and deliberate. "You have ten minutes, Juno," he says, turning toward the door. Even without his shooting iron, he acts like he's in charge here. "Come out willingly, or we come in. You know what happens then." He turns away and leaves, some of the boys following him as he goes.
I almost collapse from shock, but Tien catches me. He caresses the wound on my face where Jude had struck me. "I take it you know that lunatic?" he asks with a smirk.
"Oh yeah," I nod. "He's, um, from my hometown. We've known each other forever." I don't feel that now's the right time to admit to Tien that Jude and I had been in a relationship. 
I thought he was dead. 
How could this happen?
"Why does he hate you so much?" Tien asks.
I shake my head. "He doesn't. He's... He's sick, Tien. A group called the Children of Mutanity have him brainwashed. They want to eliminate all traces of the old world, forget humanity ever existed." I pause, letting out a short laugh. "Sometimes I can't help but think that they're right."
I hear a snort of derision, thinking it's Tien, but the other boys have joined us now, most looking downtrodden and worried. 
"We won't let them have you, Juno," a new voice announces. I see Jurid pushing toward us, my brother in tow. 
"They don't know about Traylor, do they?" Jurid asks. 
I shake my head. "No, I don't think so."
"We're sorry, Tien," Jurid says as similar sentiments are expressed throughout the group. "We... You are the only one of us good enough for Juno. She is special. She should be yours."
"Hey, I'm not property that can be passed around!" I interject, but I see from Tien's embarrassment that he agrees with me already.
"We won't let the bad people take you," Jurid says to me. "We're with you." Most of the boys seem to agree. I'm inspired by their courage, but it's foolish. 
Courage won't shield them from a bullet. 
"Thank you, Jurid," I say, addressing the entire group. "Thank you all. But–and please, don't be upset about this–I have to go out there."
The boys erupt. It's Tien I'm looking at though. 
His head is downcast.
He knows I'm right.
"They will kill you all," I announce, as if Jude hadn't just made that very threat. I inch toward a window and look out. I see men–sentries posted at intervals in the grass outside. A group of is congregated out there too. I see Jude, and another man that I'd hoped to never see again in my life.
Blaine. The leader of the Children of Mutanity. 
The man who'd led the raid on our Manse in Krakelyn. 
The mutant responsible for killing my Father.
Probably. 
Now that I know that Jude is alive, anything seems possible. 
My anger surges.
"If I don't give myself up," I say, turning from the window, "I might as well sign death warrants for you all. I'm sorry, but there is no other way."
Traylor bursts toward me, eyes glazed with tears. "No!" he admonishes. "Juno, I won't let them! What's wrong with Jude? Is he just pretending? Is he secretly gonna save us?" 
I shake my head. I'd already considered that possibility, but inwardly I know it's not true. The man I used to know is now buried, lost beneath layers of hate, suppression, and vitriol. Jude hated the old religion as much as I did, but I suspect he’d joined the Children for protection after the Final Judgment. Living in that environment has warped his mind. Who knows what the Children made him do? I can only hope he's still in there, somewhere.
Maybe I can bring him back.
"I'm coming with you," Tien announces, speaking up after going quiet a moment.
"We all are," Jurid adds, puffing his pale chest out.
I shake my head. "That will only give them an excuse to kill you outside of the Manse. Don't make that task easier for them. Please."
I turn to Tien. "You can't come with me," I say. "This is a one way trip, Tien." He shakes his head. "You know it is."
I see his eyes getting wet, but the young mutant finally nods. "It figures that the one person I could ever be happy with is also the last human."
I smirk.
"Hey! I'm getting sick of everyone referring to Juno as 'the last human'!" Traylor suddenly protests. He gestures to his unblemished face. "I'm still just as pretty as she is!" I laugh, but Traylor's face is not amused. He isn't joking. He's trembling, trying to hold back the waterworks.
"Traylor," I say, bending low to my little brother. "It'll be alright. After this, you really will be the last human." The words are harsh, but it's the truth. I don’t sugarcoat it.
"No." He says, shaking his head.
"Yes. As soon as Altair is better, he and Ursa will take you to Everwinter. The good thing is that no one will be hunting for you. Nobody knows about you. As far as anyone outside these walls know, I am the last human." I pause, but Traylor won't meet my gaze.
I reach out to him but he recoils. "I hate you!" he screams, bolting and disappearing into the Manse. Jurid follows him. I'm shaken and on the verge of breakdown, but I keep my head up. Ursa's hand falls on my shoulder. 
"He'll be alright," I say. "Traylor has a flair for the dramatic."
Ursa nods, her own eyes dripping. She wipes the tears away. "I've barely known you a week and... Look at me!" More tears fall.
I chuckle. "I feel the same way, Ursa." We lock eyes. "Take care of my brother."
Ursa nods, reluctant to let me go. But she knows it has to be this way. "For the greater good, Juno," she whispers back.
I turn away.
Tien is waiting for me at the mess hall entrance. I go to him.
"I really want to tell you that you don't have to do this," he says, face sheepish, "but I know that you do. I understand it."
"Take care, Tien," I say, caressing a hand across his cold, bluish cheek. I steal a last glance at the mutant boys assembled in the hall and they're all staring back, eyes glazed, expressions forlorn. 
Some of them wave, but I don't wave back.
It's time to end this. 




32.

They're waiting for me, of course.
The Children of Mutanity no longer have the Manse surrounded. They've gathered at the front, the metallic bulge of the dome behind them like a massive mechanical grub. As it always does this far east, the sun sits just above the horizon, making the shadows long and drawn. 
Jude steps away from his cohorts to greet me, noticing my hesitation. The Children all have shooting irons, but they're holstered, none pointed my way. They're trying to make me feel comfortable, I guess. We meet in the grass and Jude holds a hand out to me. "You're doing the right thing, Juno," he says. "I'm sorry it has to be this way."
"Me too," I sneer, not meeting his gaze nor taking his hand. I stride past him with disdain. 
WHAM! 
Something slams against the back of my head and I stumble to my knees. My head swims, but I force myself back to my feet.
"What the hells was that for?" I snarl, teeth bared at Jude. His face swims before my vision, but I can see that he's expressionless. 
"What's wrong with you?" I plead. "You used to love me!"
Jude's eyes go wide and he raises his hand again, butt of his shooting iron ready to crash down on me once again.
"Jude!" a familiar baritone calls out, laughing at the same time. Jude stops, startled. "Well done! But that won't be necessary. Let's not draw this out longer than we have to."
It's Blaine. 
The dark haired man comes toward us, hand outstretched. The tumor above his eye looks like a mountain. Jude looks at Blaine, then at me, then at the weapon in his hand. I can see the conflict within, even as his face morphs into a scowl. He points the iron at me. 
"Get on your knees," he says. 
I'm stunned. 
Blaine laughs again, finally reaching us. "That's right! Let's end this quickly!"
I feel like crying, like pleading, my heart ready to burst from my chest. But I don't give in to it. I remain steady, on the surface at least. I get on my knees in front of Jude.
He lowers the iron to my forehead.
"I don't know what they've done to you, Jude," I say, keeping my tone civil, "but we were friends once. Good friends. You loved me. And I..."
"You never loved me," Jude finishes, nearly whispering. I shake my head, forcing it up to look at him. He actually smiles. "It's okay, Juno," he says. "I knew it the moment I told you I loved you. Your face said it all."
I'm speechless, but I don't deny it.
Jude is right.
I hadn't admitted it to myself yet, because I hadn't had to. 
But it's true.
I never loved Jude. 
We were together, but we were never as one. 
Jude continues, iron still pressed to my head. "You never said it back. You never said it ever. I thought you were dead after the Final Judgment. But then I started hearing stories about a red haired girl who was still human. It seemed farfetched, until I started hearing it more and more. That's when I came to realize: the last human is real, and she's the girl I'm in love with." Jude pauses, smiling to himself. "Funny how that girl never came looking for me."
I gasp, flabbergasted at Jude's accusation. "I thought you were dead too!" I explain, trying to keep my cool. "My Father..."
"Your Father knew I was alive, Juno," Jude continues. "When I went into hiding that morning after the beach, I was captured by the Deacons. I never got out of Krakelyn. Your Father detained me. He told me you were dead. But then the Final Judgment happened, and I was no longer the only mutant in town. Your Father kept me locked up, but when the Children raided your Manse, Blaine set me free."
I shake my head in disbelief. 
Jude was in the Manse the day I fled Krakelyn? 
It hardly seems possible but, of course, it is. There's ancient rooms in the Manse's cellar–cells–and Father used them now and again to interrogate a prisoner.
Me and Traylor were never allowed down there.
These new revelations spark anger in me toward my Father, but I give myself an irrational second and realize he'd just been trying to protect me. At any cost.
"Blaine explained to me how the Quinn family had been in charge long enough," Jude continues, "holding the old religion over our heads like a knife. The world is a new place, and new leadership is needed. The Children of Mutanity took me in that day."
Jude pauses, lost in remembrance. I'm just trying to process all I'm learning.
"You managed to escape from Krakelyn," Jude sneers, "but you never once stopped to look for me." 
"I was kind of fleeing for my life!" I snarl back, anger swelling. The nerve!
"I would have looked for you," Jude counters. "I wouldn’t have stopped. You didn't know for certain that I was dead. Your Father told you that even he didn't know for certain."
"And how would you know that?" I snipe, disbelieving.
"One of the servants at the Manse told me," he replies. "After some...persuasion."
"You bloody bastard!" I scream, flailing from my position on the ground. I feel the shooting iron press harder to my skin.
"You didn't love me, Juno," Jude says again.
I have nothing more to say. This isn't the man I used to know. That man is dead. 
When did Jude get so insecure?
I turn my gaze and it falls on Blaine, who's smiling greedily. This is the man responsible for Jude's betrayal. The brainwasher. I snarl and spit at him. 
Blaine laughs. "Enough, Jude. Finish the last human, and the Children of Mutanity can claim their rightful place as the heirs of this world."
Jude cocks the weapon. 
He hesitates.
"Do it, Jude!" Blaine orders. "The last human must die!"
I feel the iron pressing harder, but nothing happens. My eyes are squeezed shut, awaiting the inevitable, but now I let them open. 
Blaine is in a frenzy. 
"Do it!" he screams. Jude doesn't. Blaine pulls out his own iron, pushing Jude roughly out of the way. "Say goodbye to the last human," he admonishes.
He levels the pistol at my heart.
"NO!" I suddenly hear a scream from out of nowhere. A white blur bursts up from the tall grass, completely hidden until now. Tien! The young mutant has the shooting iron that Jude had dropped in the mess hall. 
He pulls the trigger.
In an expansive spatter of blood and brains, Blaine's head explodes, his body falling limply to the grass.
"NO!" yet another voice calls out. This time it's Jude.
He still has that other shooting iron in his hand, the one he'd had pressed to the front of my head, leveling it at Tien. 
He pulls the trigger. 
"Tien!" I scream, ignoring all else. 
I fall to the mutant's side, but it's too late. 
Tien isn't moving.
I hear a commotion behind me and I whirl, expecting to see Jude finally finish me off. Instead, I'm flabbergasted to find the Children of Mutanity are completely overthrown! The rest of the boys in the Manse have snuck out the back of the building, stalking around through the tall grass. Though the mutants are just boys, being of Everwinter, they are naturally bigger and stronger, overpowering the men with ease. Dura has Jude by both arms, holding them forcefully behind his back. 
I look Jude dead in the eyes. "I hate you," I say, turning away. "You are truly dead to me." For the first time since our reunion, Jude finally shows a hint of emotion on his face. 
Sadness. 
It's too little, too late, however.
"What should we do with them, Juno?" Jurid asks, but I'm too stunned to speak. Just moments earlier, I'd been preparing to die. 
I watch the boys, and a few of them are fiddling with their newly acquired shooting irons, pointing them at the Children. A shot goes off and one of the Children collapses.
"No!" I scream, rushing over. I take the iron from the offending boy. "If you kill them, you are no better than they are!"
"Then what are we supposed to do?" another boy asks. "Let them go?"
I shake my head, my eyes falling on the domed laboratory on the horizon ahead.
"I've got a better idea," I say. 




33.

"Are you sure about this, Juno?" Altair asks. "It'd be much safer–and easier–just to–"
"No," I counter, arms crossed. "I've made my mind clear on this, Altair. Dura has agreed to let the Children out of the dome a week after we leave here. There's nothing around for hundreds of miles, correct?"
Altair nods.
"Then they're as good as dead anyway. The boys will send them off with nothing but the clothes on their backs. If they can work together and survive, good for them. But there's no food or water out here. The Children are broken, Altair. Blaine was the only thing holding them together. They were brainwashed by him. You didn't see how easily they gave up after he was killed."
Altair nods. "I was kind of unconscious at the time." He rubs his head. There's just a small bandage there now, covering the stitches Tien used to seal the wound.
Altair crouches, hunkering next to the little mound we’ve made in the grasslands.
Tien's grave. 
"I never got to thank him," Altair says. "He saved my life."
"Me too," I agree, sighing audibly. It's been two weeks since his death, but Tien will always have a place in my heart. Always. There's lots of room in there, now that I've excised everything I've ever felt about Jude.
Except the loathing.
I hate that man more than I ever could have ever loved him. I haven't seen him since he murdered Tien, and I don't plan to. Before all this happened, Jude was dead to me. Literally. Now, he's still dead to me, so nothing's changed. 
We're still heading to Everwinter.
CHOOOOOO!
A shrill whistle breaks the moment of silence between me and Altair, and we turn to see Traylor and Jurid, waving and running toward the Engie that’s just pulled to a stop in the field. 
"I guess it's time," I say, turning back to Altair. 
He's still staring again at Tien's final resting place.
"What happened between you two?" he asks, nodding at the low mound. I shoot an unimpressed look at him, but he just shrugs. "I can tell by the way you talk about him," Altair explains. "You liked him, didn't you?"
"What business is it of yours if I did?" I ask, pretty much a snide admission to the accusation.
Altair stoops down and shoulders his backpack. "It's not," he says. "I just like to know what's going on with my crew, that's all."
"You and me both," I agree. It's all I have to say on the matter.
I stoop down now too, grabbing my own meager travel pack.
We head for the Engie.
"Dura really came through for us," Altair admits, eyeing the vehicle suspiciously. Not that I blame him, particularly after what happened the last time we rode on one of these. 
Is this the same one? 
I gaze at the long machine, but I can't tell. I'm not that observant. 
"Yeah," I agree. "I imagine he can be quite persuasive when he wants to be."
Dura is waiting for us at the back of the Engie, along with Ursa, Traylor, and Jurid. Dura had traveled to Venecici for us, 'persuading' the conductors to stop and pick up a few lost passengers on their next route. Altair had given Dura one of his throwing stars to use as part of the threat. 
Altair's reputation definitely precedes him.
We reach the last of the Engie's cars. "Tertiary Class again?" I scoff. "If you could get the Engie to stop out here in the middle of nowhere," I chide Altair, "then why couldn't you get us Prime Class seats?"
Altair rolls his eyes, climbing up the ladder at the back of the car. "Don't worry," he soothes, "we won't be riding in steerage this time. They call this car the caboose." He opens a door. "'And we have it all to ourselves." His disappears inside. 
The Engie suddenly wails from the head of its fifty or so cars.
Dura turns to me, leaning low to compensate for the height difference. "It's time to go, Miss Quinn," the mutant informs me. "I hope you find what you are looking for in Everwinter."
"Thank you, Dura," I say, standing tiptoed to peck his icy cheek.
I order Traylor to climb aboard, but he's hesitant. He's made a good friend in Jurid. "I hope we see each other again," he says to Jurid, hugging him then finally waving and climbing up the ladder.
"Me too, Traylor Quinn," Jurid replies.
I feel myself getting a bit weepy eyed, and sneer at my own soft-heartedness.
I follow Traylor up the ladder.
Ursa is conversing with Dura now–the only mutant that knows the woman had once conducted experiments here. They exchange terse looks and I worry, but then Dura finally pats the deformed woman on the back. She jumps up beside me just as the Engie starts to move. 
"All good?" I ask her as we wave to the mutant boys, getting further and further away by the second.
"Yes," Ursa nods, smiling. "Everything is just fine."


THE END OF BOOK 1 
OF
THE FORERUNNER ARCHIVES
☯




About the Author
J. Rock lives in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada, and works in
the Parks & Recreation department. Other than writing and
reading, J. enjoys camping, fishing, mountain biking, and
plays bass guitar in a local alternative band. He is currently at
work on the sequel to Everwinter: The Forerunner Archives.

	Contact J. Rock: dinosauria@hotmail.ca
Dinosauria on the web: http://dinosaurianovels.webs.com/


eBooks by J. Rock, available at all major online retailers:

The Forerunner Archives 

Dinosauria Volume I
Part I: A Memory of Time
Part II: Garden
Part III: Twin City Crossroads
Part IV: Nuevogato

Dinosauria Volume II
Part V: This Is War
Part VI: Purple
Part VII: Supermassive Black Hole
Part VIII: The Harrowing

Dinosauria Volume III
Part IX: The Hunt for the Nuevogato
Part X: The Twisted Combination
Part XI: A Brief History of Dinosauria
Part XII: Worthy Adversary

Dinosauria: The Complete Volumes I, II, & III

The Dinosauria Cycle (Volumes I-III)

The Death Clock - a short story

Ex Machina - a short story

Upcoming Works (working titles):
Untitled Forerunner Archives Sequel (Book 3)
The Progenitor Saga
In Other Worlds


Contact J. Rock: dinosauria@hotmail.ca

