 Cured.
Part One of The Olympia Trilogy.

By Diana Clarke.  

Copyright 2014 Diana Clarke
Smashwords Edition.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


 
Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Author’s Note
About Author
 


Acknowledgements
To my family, my friends and my flatmates. Sorry you had to put up with my craziness whilst I wrote this. And thank you for loving me anyway. 
 

Prologue

When I was a girl I dreamed of growing up to become many things. I wanted to be a pony trainer. I wanted to be a daredevil. I wanted to be a mad scientist. Most of all I wanted to avoid following my predestined life path. I was a Descendant. Daughter of the two most powerful Primes on Mount Olympia. Essentially an heiress destined to live a life of luxury in a world forcibly divided, separated into stratified layers of social hierarchy. I was at the top. 
I wasn’t complaining. Who in their right mind would bemoan having everything they could ever desire at their fingertips? My house was a modern palace. It sat at the very summit of Olympia, overlooking the lower mountain, and leering down on the poverty stricken Fields below. Olympia was the image of paradise. Unnaturally green grass carpeted the entire mountain, interrupted only by modernised castles in which the Primes lived, and a wide, rushing blue river, which wound its way around the mountain from top to bottom. The lush grass floor came to an abrupt halt at the junction where the slope of our mountain met level ground, marking the start of the Fields. 
The Fields were paved in uneven, dirty grey concrete. Littered with trash, cracks and potholes. The structures in the Fields were a stark contrast to our palatial homes. In the residential area, where the Norm people lived, rundown concrete apartment buildings reached high into the sky, the top levels almost reaching halfway up Olympia. These buildings were clustered in the centre of the land, jammed so close together that Norm neighbours could probably reach out of their windows and hold hands. Surrounding the apartments that made up the inner residential circle were the factories where the Norms worked. There were only five factories in the land, one for each Field. They were so vast that it would take a day to walk from one end of the building to the other, and they stretched further than the eye could see, even from my third storey bedroom window at the summit of Olympia. 
There were three people in my family, yet my house had twenty-something bedrooms. I had never really bothered to count. It was too extravagant for any rational justification. The place was never empty though, with the hallways always bustling with Norm servants cleaning non-existent mess. Spare bedrooms were often occupied by mother’s Prime socialite friends, who consumed so much NectarAle at her excessive functions that they couldn’t manage to stumble down the mountain to their own homes. She threw parties every weekend. Mothers’ parties were famous for being outrageous, lavish and the main source of gossip for the following week. Everyone on Olympia attended and the stragglers often didn’t leave until midweek, before returning for her next soiree a few days later.
I didn’t really mind the parties, though. And the problem wasn’t my house. Or its location. The issue I had was with my own lack of freedom. I was a Descendant, and that was all I could ever be.
I wasn’t really sure why I always felt so uneasy about my social position and predestined life path.  I didn’t want to be a Prime. The thought of following in my mother’s footsteps, existing to socialize, gossip and organize events, made me squeamish. But I certainly didn’t want to be a Norm either, living in poverty amongst the Fields, slaving away day after day just to stay alive. I just wanted freedom. But these days freedom was less than a right. Less than a luxury. Less than existent. 
 

Chapter 1

I tried to avoid thinking about the Norms and their lives in the Fields. I would never have to descend Olympia, nor experience the Fields, because of my parents’ Prime status. For this reason, whilst the Norms awoke in the polluted, crime-ridden streets below to go to work in their Field, I arose to the delectable aroma of fresh cheese scones wafting up the staircase and into my bedroom. Enchanted by the smell, I climbed out of bed and started downstairs.
“Avery. Is that you, my dear?” came the soft croon of my mother’s tone from the bottom of the stairway. I grunted in reply.  
“Avery, dear, a lady never ever grunts,” she glided over to me and scrutinized my appearance before scrunching her powdered nose, “And nor does a lady arise from her slumber without preparing herself for the day.”  
I began to grunt again, but upon seeing the disgusted expression on my mother’s face quickly disguised it as a cough. Mother frowned. I rolled my eyes, turned around and trudged back upstairs to change. 
Back in my room, the Norm maids were already bustling around, making my bed and vacuuming the carpet. When I walked in they stopped cleaning and curtseyed so low that I thought they might topple over. They apologized profusely for no reason all whilst refusing to make eye contact. I always felt uncomfortable when they did this, so I ignored them and walked over to my WallScreen. I touched the Wall and it flickered to life. 
 “Good morning Avery Rose,” it said in its animated voice. “What can I do for you at eight-fifteen, January ninth?” I waited patiently for the wall to finish its spiel and then touched the ‘WallDrobe’ button. “Clothes!” said the Wall cheerfully, “What would you like to wear today Avery Rose?” 
I touched the ‘Randomise’ key and an outfit appeared on the screen. Black denim shorts and a plain white singlet with my favourite white leather converse. I longed to wear the outfit, but I wanted to be on Mother’s good side today in the hope that she would let me see my friends tonight. I pushed the ‘Formal Attire’ key, which was sure to come up with something more to Mother’s taste. The next outfit that appeared on the screen was a ridiculous, frilly pink tunic that looked like meringue. Mother would have been thrilled to see me in such a gown, but I couldn’t stand the thought of spending an entire day resembling a dessert, so I pushed ‘Randomise’ again. This time a light blue summer dress with a white lace hem appeared, accompanied by a pair of white sandals, I shrugged, Mother would approve and it wasn’t too offensive. I pressed 'Accept'. 
A whirring noise started up as the WallDrobe prepared my outfit. Finally the draw under the WallScreen sprung open and the clothes appeared, perfectly ironed and laid out for me. I quickly threw them on, aware of my grumbling stomach and dreaming of cheese scones with raspberry jam. I dashed over to the mirror and scowled at my unruly blonde waves, before grabbing a handful of hair and twisting it up into a messy bun. It would do. 
“What do you think ladies?” I asked the crouched maids.
“Beautiful, Madam.”
“Amazing.”
“The best.” Came their chorus of compliments. I grinned.
“You’d say that even if I looked like a pig’s backside.” 
They didn’t laugh at my joke. 
“No Madam. You look nothing like the behind of a pig.” one of the maids assured me. The others shook their head in agreement. I sighed. Checked my appearance one last time, and decided it could have been worse. So I hurried back past the maids, who remained frozen in curtsied positions, and scrambled down the stairs towards the scone aroma. 
Upon reaching the kitchen, Mother stood waiting. Naturally, her hair was the same shade of dark blonde as my own, but I hadn’t seen it that way in years. She was obsessed with staying young, and so tended to bleach her hair every other week, today it was nearly white with a sparkly golden shimmer. She looked like a Christmas tree decoration.
“Why Avery Rose, you look beautiful.” 
I grabbed a scone off the top of a pile of freshly baked goods on the bench top and took an enormous bite, before grinning at Mother and hoisting myself up to sit on the bench.  
“Thanks Mum” I said, only my mouth was so full that it sounded more like “Fangs Munph.” 
“Avery Rose, what have I said about speaking with our mouths full?” 
I scowled. “Um, to not to?” 
She nodded curtly and perched on a stool at the kitchen bench. “And what have I said about sitting on the bench?” 
I growled under my breath and slid off the bench, slumping onto a barstool, Mother staring at me expectantly all the while.  
“What?” I asked her, using all my self control to maintain a polite and cordial tone, “What am I doing wrong now, Mother, dear?”
“Nothing darling, I was just wondering whether you remember what day it is today?” 
I thought for a second. “My WallScreen said January ninth. Is there something on toda….” My voice trailed off as it dawned on me.  Mother nodded approvingly. 
“It is Cure Day!” Mother’s face lit up with a repulsively genuine expression of delight. Her BeautySerum addiction meant that the skin on her face was constantly taut, so although she was attempting a smile, only her lips straightened into a perfectly horizontal line, whilst the rest of her face remained stationary. I turned away. The eerie smile-like-thing got creepy if you looked at it too long. 
Our family always hosted the biggest party of the year on the night of the Curing ceremony. I scanned the kitchen and noticed that the Norm maids were bustling around, in even more of a hurry than usual. There were large platters of hors-d’oevres covering every inch of the bench top, and in the dining room our usual enormous refectory table had been replaced with a dozen smaller ones. My mother already had her party-hosting makeup on. Her eyes were glittering with an abundance of purple and pink shimmer, and her cheeks each had a circle of scarlet blush. It was quite terrifying. I repressed a shudder as she finally let the weird expression fall from her face.
“Go into the Cinema Room and get a Norm to switch the WallScreen on, Pumpkin Pie, I will be there in just a moment.”
I felt sick to my stomach. There was something about The Cure that didn’t sit right with me. Although I had grown up with it, and it was all I knew, it still seemed wrong. When I voiced my concerns to mother, she had shushed me, explaining that The Cure was a natural way of life. She had said that it was important to help people realize their true potential and their natural strengths, and to help everyone be the best they could be. It sounded all good and well in theory, but what my Mother had failed to mention was that people had no choice as to whether they were Cured or not, it was compulsory, mandatory. And once one was Cured, they weren’t granted any choice as to the area of expertise they entered. The Cure decided for them by measuring which part of the recipient’s brain was the most active and advanced, and then exaggerating it further. But whilst the Cure expanded one segment of the brain to near superhuman ability, the remaining segments were dulled to near incompetency, leaving the Cured Norm basically brain-dead in all but one area of expertise. The area that was enhanced then determined the Field in which the Norm would be employed for the rest of his life.
I always wondered if there were people who were forced to work in a Field they hated, day in, day out. The thought made me sick. Still, it wasn’t like I had to worry, I wasn’t even involved in the Curing process because of my parents. Descendants were exempt from The Cure, so I was destined to live a life with my own brain, as a human, a state of being that was a rarity these days. 
Even Primes, like my parents, didn’t truly have their own brains. Primes were those who took the Cure but then didn’t react to it in the way that the majority did. Usually, the pill dulled all areas of the brain except for the one in which the person was naturally most gifted. However, there were some people, those whose brains were naturally so evenly distributed in talent that the Cure could not locate the most prominent area, who reacted differently to the pill. Instead, all parts of the recipient’s brain were enhanced, leaving them essentially superhuman in every field. After being Cured, Primes lived a life of luxury on Olympia, with their only job being to ensure that the Fields remained obedient and peaceful. My father was the chief of the Security department. He managed the surveillance teams as well as the police and the armed forces. Mother was a Prime too, but she was more interested in hosting than contributing to society. They met during their Prime training, where they worked together to finish all their tasks in record-breaking time. They still held the record, which was the reason for our celebrity status.
“Good morning Avery.” The Wall in the Cinema Room startled me as its loading screen filled the wall.  A menu flashed onto the screen and I scrolled through: School, WallDrobe, In-room Shopping, Internet, Dining, Phoning, Movies, Gaming, NormWatch… Finally I reached Television. I stopped scrolling and the screen displayed a televised image. 
An endless crowd of people gathered, singing in a loud monotone. They all had their arms above their heads with their hands forming a triangle shape, thumb tip to thumb tip, index fingertip to index fingertip, palms facing outwards. This was the symbol, the symbol of the mountain, the symbol of the Primes, the symbol of respect for my superior life. I shuddered at the eerie image and sat down on one of the uncomfortably firm red sofas that filled the family Cinema. Mother clip clopped into the room and perched on the side table next to me, 
“Just in time Avery Rose, the ceremony is about to begin.” She spoke as though I had a choice in attending. I glowered and Mother reached over out of habit to smooth my brow, “No scowling dear, we want to stay smooth, remember?” 
Once she finished smoothing my scowl, she subconsciously let her fingertips wander over her own silicon-smooth forehead, and then pressed the service button on the sofa’s armrest.
“I need two Youthness teas, no milk, no sugar. Make it quick.” She said into the intercom speaker. I groaned. I hated the anti-aging, soap-flavoured beverage that Mother insisted I drink daily. 
A Norm maid bustled into the Cinema a few minutes later with a delicate china teapot and two matching teacups on a silver tray. She dropped into a deep curtsy before presenting my mother with her cup. The beverage was bright orange, almost fluorescent, and smelled strongly of cleaning products. Mother drank at least ten cups a day, to keep wrinkles from blemishing her glassy-smooth face. 
“I am eighteen Mother. I don’t need this.” I winced in disgust as the scent of disinfectant overcame my senses.
“Never too early to start de-aging, sweetheart.” 
I rolled my eyes at Mother, but grinned at Louisa, my favourite Norm, who had handed me a cup with a kindly wink. I set the cup down, with no intention of tasting its miserable contents, whilst Mother took a sip of hers. 
“Norm. What temperature is this tea?” Mother always referred to the help as ‘Norm’. Louisa frowned, her face was not stretched tight with BeautySerum, and so frowning was still a possibility. Her eyes wrinkled in the corners as she braced herself, anticipating a threat from my mother. She knew she was in trouble.
“I let the boiled water sit for two minutes as you prefer, Madam Optime” Louisa tried, in a small voice. Her head was bowed, and she looked at Mother’s feet as she spoke. Mother let out a cruel giggle and sneered. 
“That is a lie Norm. If you had done such a thing, my lips would not have been scalded. They are blistering as we  speak.”
I looked at Mother’s mouth and saw nothing wrong with it. Then, to make a point, I swallowed my entire cup of tea in one gulp before placing the cup back onto Louisa’s serving tray.
“That was delicious Louisa, thank you so very much!” I mimicked Mother’s sugary tone. “And, it was the perfect temperature.” 
Louisa’s lips twitched into an almost-smile, and her dull brown eyes nervously met mine for a moment, before she lowered her head again.
“I will go and make you another cup right away Madame Optime.” She murmured and began to shuffle out of the room.
“Don’t bother!” Mother called after her. “I cannot bear one more sip of your poorly brewed tea.” I glared at her for being so insufferably rude, but Mother turned back to the screen and plastered her scary smile-thing on her face.  
“Watch this, my pretty petunia.” She cooed. “It is about to get exciting.”
 

Chapter 2

The volume was cranked up as high as our Cinema would allow, and with the screen filling the entire wall, it was difficult to avoid watching the ceremony proceedings. The camera showed a tall, slender woman standing on a large stage in front of a vast crowd. Her hair was pale silver and slicked back off her face in a tight bun. Her features were sharp and she had no wrinkles to be seen. If BeautySerum weren’t the oldest trick in the book nobody would guess that she was almost a hundred. Regina Quaint, Spokesperson of Olympia, cleared her throat into the microphone with a slight ‘ahem’. The crowd before her was already dead silent.
A blackbird flew low over the crowd, squawking loudly, but everyone stood stock-still. Only one boy looked up, his action very obvious amongst the otherwise frozen statues that were his peers. The boy followed the bird with his gaze as it swooped and dipped around the crowd, until it finally soared away into the distance. 
I recognized Theodore at once. My childhood friend had not changed a lot. Obviously he had grown, probably standing above six foot now, but his dark brown hair was scruffy as ever and the same rebellious strand dropped in front of his left eye. His eyes had changed though. Before they were always wide with interest and awe, their hue a deep chocolaty shade. But as the camera zoomed in on the crowd, panning the Norm audience, I could see that his eyes were now dull, harsh, closer to black than brown.
Mother saw me focus in on Theo; she had always hated him when we played as children. She had insisted that I go and find some nice Descendant kids to play with instead of hanging around with our Norm gardener’s son. 
She pointed at Regina in an attempt to draw my attention from Theo, “Look Avery Rose. Regina is going to speak.” 
Still, I couldn’t seem to tear my eyes away from Theodore, who, once our gardener’s scrawny son was now a very handsome man with broad shoulders and strong arms. I watched him so closely that I could see his neck muscles tensing and releasing.  He was nervous. Of course he was, today his life would change forever. I felt sick to my stomach with guilt. Guilty that he was affected by this disgusting tradition whilst I sat and watched him suffer. 
The blackbird came back into the frame and resumed its continuous swooping over the crowd. Theo’s eyes were the only pair that took any notice. He had always loved birds. 
My mind reeled back to the summer afternoons when Theo and I would sit in my garden whilst his father worked. Norms were encouraged to bring their children to their workplaces. Usually, talent was hereditary, so chances were that children would eventually enter the same Field their parents. And if the child had already visited their Field, and worked a little in their parents’ jobs, then they would be better employees once they had been Cured. 
Theo used to teach me the names of birds, and we would practice copying their calls. I remembered when we found a tiny baby blackbird that had fallen from its nest in our Oak tree. Theo was so gentle with it. He had taken off his shirt and scooped the bird up, coddling it in the fabric. He asked me to get a syringe from my house, and some plain biscuits and warm water. I was in awe as he crushed the biscuits into a powder before mixing the dust with warm water and using the syringe to feed the tiny creature. 
When his father had told him it was time to catch the train back to their home in the Fields, I had quickly dashed inside, searching for the opened packet of biscuits to give Theo. After turning the cupboard inside out I had heard my mothers notorious tapping foot from behind me. I turned to see her holding the packet of biscuits. I had known I was in big trouble. Mother already hated Theodore, but I never got along with the other kids on the mountain so she reluctantly allowed us to interact for a few hours each day. This time I had gone too far. I had broken the rules. Not only was I socializing with a member of the Fields, but also I was sharing our food with him. A crime that could not be forgiven. Food was for Primes, not Norms.
I had reached for the biscuits that Mother held, gingerly, not expecting to succeed. Sure enough, just as I was about to take the packet from her grip, she tossed the biscuits over my head and into the trash. She grabbed my ear, hard, and I cried as she dragged me up the stairs to my bedroom. The poor bird was going to die. Mother pushed me into my room and told me to think about my actions. 
Then, as she turned to leave, she had said in a cold voice, “I hope you said your goodbye, Avery Rose, because you will never see that boy again.” 
And she had been right. I had seen neither Theo nor his father since that day. Every morning, without fail for the next month, I had woken up and run straight to my window, where Theo usually waited for me and waved me down to play, but he was never there. I asked Mother about him numerous times, until she finally told me that Theo’s father was no longer needed to tend our garden. I had screamed at her. I had cried in my room for days. I even tried to give her the silent treatment. After a further month of tantrums and arguments, it became clear that Theo wouldn’t be coming back. Mother had won. She always won.
“Avery Rose, watch the screen,” Mother’s trill voice brought me back to the present.
Regina petted her sleek hair and tucked a non-existent stray strand behind her air. She blinked her large silver-lined eyes, fluttering her unnaturally long eyelashes and causing the gemstones embedded in her eyelids to twinkle. I wiped my sweaty palms on the sofa.
“Ahem,” Regina said in her impossibly smooth tone, “I would like to extend a warm welcome to my dearest friends on Olympia, who will be watching the ceremony from their homes.” She scanned the crowd of Norms who remained dead still. 
“Applaud in respect for the Primes,” she ordered, and the crowd began to clap mechanically. Regina attempted a smile, which was so well rehearsed that it almost appeared genuine. 
“Well,” she carried on, “I see we have a number of Norms to Cure today. My sincerest congratulations to you.” Another pregnant pause as the Norms wondered what they were being congratulated for. “Right, well, let’s get under way then.”
The screen cut away from Regina and turned to a news presenter sitting at a desk. He was a young-faced man who was, in reality, ninety years old. His eyes were eerily absent, with no iris, but rather an oversized pupil that filled the majority of his eyeball. His high cheekbones were accentuated by his exaggerated grin which was packed to bursting point with blindingly white teeth.  
“Aaaaaaaaand welcome, people of Olympia, to the ninety-eighth Curing Ceremony. Today we have just fewer than two hundred lucky eighteen year olds ready to be Cured, and ready to determine their future. No doubt they are jumping and jittering with excitement! So whilst they get ready I will run you through the Curing process just in case you have forgotten since last year!”
The screen returned to the ceremony as Regina stepped away from the microphone and a huge screen flickered to life behind her. A film began to roll and my mother wriggled in excitement. I felt ill.
 

Chapter 3

“Before the year 2020,” a deep voice boomed out, “Everyone chose his or her own life paths. Medical geniuses were wasted on sporting careers, and those gifted with literary minds opted to work in labour jobs, thus wasting precious natural ability. Too much choice left our population in a state of confusion. People working in the wrong industry, and too many opinionated individuals led to disagreements, tension, and eventually the eruption of the third World War. The war was unprecedented. It destroyed our entire planet, except for a single continent. Formerly known as North America, the only remaining continent has been rebuilt over the years, restored and improved to a state greater than ever before.
“Then the great Zaaben Mars, founder of the Primes, saviour of the world, invented The Cure. The miniscule pill that has singlehandedly resolved all the planet’s issues and led us to our current superior state. The Cure enhances the strongest part of the receiver’s brain to a huge extent, whilst marginally dulling the rest of the brain to allow for the enrichment in one section. Thus, those who were naturally gifted at literacy, become hugely advanced in this area, and are able to be grouped along with all other literary minds, where they now live in one community, producing the best literary work the world has ever seen.”
I couldn’t help but snort with disbelief. The presenter had said that the Cure would “marginally dull” the rest of the brain, but it was a well known fact that the pill left all but the enhanced section of the brain practically dead. He made the Cure sound as though it was doing everyone a favour, but after being Cured every Norm was expected to board the work train at six sharp for a full day of work. At eight in the evening the same train returned workers to the station, where they made their way back to their tiny apartments for the night. There were no weekends. No holidays. No sick days. Norms didn’t get paid, yet they had no choice but to work every day. The government expected it, and Norms were instantly eliminated if they failed to abide by the rules. The rules were absolute. They were strict. And they were enforced. I was absolutely certain that every single person who lived in the Fields hated their mundane life, their monotonous jobs, their diminished brain, and most of all, I was certain they hated Olympia. 
Mother frowned at me for snorting. She longed for me to be ladylike, a proper Descendant. I evil-eyed her and turned my attention back to the screen.
“By dividing our nation into sections of expertise, Fields, there is no fighting, and advances in various areas are more common. By preventing movement between Fields, there is no longer conflict resulting from opposing opinion because like minds are grouped together. This means no reason to disagree on any subject and no reason to instigate battle.”
I withheld a groan to stop from receiving another death stare from Mother. But surely she could see how wrong the voiceover was. The only reason that no one fought was because the Primes forbid it, and the Primes had ultimate control. Each Field specialized in a certain sector of the workforce. And only those who worked in that sector were allowed to inhabit the Field. Other than Mount Olympia, luxurious home of the Primes, there was the Labour Field, the Science Field, the Linguistic Field, the Numerology Field and the Artistic Field. Movement between Fields was strictly prohibited. It was compulsory to marry within one’s Field or not at all, and at least one child was demanded of every couple. The child was to be raised in their home Field until they turned eighteen. At this point they were sent to the Curing ceremony where they would take The Cure. The Cure determined in which Field one would spend the rest of their life. There was no choice in the matter. 
“Thus what we have achieved, through Mars’ discovery, is ultimate peace, as every year, the annual Curing occurs, where all those who have come of age are Cured. After Curing, the Norms are transported to their Field where they will live for the rest of their lives, among like-minded Norms. This ensures a protected, peaceful and pleasant life for all.’
Mother stood, clapping enthusiastically. She held her hands up, making the triangular shape with her fingers in respect for Olympia and King Zaaben Mars. I groaned. I had never bought into the hype around the King. No one had seen the man in years. Apparently a rebel group threatened him when I was very young. I remembered the huge to-do that followed the conspiracy. At the time my father was second in command to Mars, and had acted as his main security, helping him disappear into hiding. He hadn’t emerged since, but still ran the world, communicating through the Alphas, those on Olympia who executed the law. My parents always spoke of how amazing he was, and we were taught to idolize him in school, but I remained dubious. How could I respect a figure I had never seen, let alone met? 
“Avery, show your appreciation, please.” Mother nudged me.
I grimaced at her and tapped my hand on my leg in a poor attempt at applause. Mother was so pleased with the speech that she ignored my unenthusiastic clapping. 
Suddenly the screen went blank. 
I looked around, confused. We never had power outages. The technology on Olympia was too advanced for that. Mother gasped and clapped a manicured hand over her mouth overdramatically. I stood and walked over to the Wall, rapping it with my knuckles. A second later the screen crackled and leapt back to life.  The camera was zoomed in on Regina, who was no longer alone onstage; she was accompanied by a short tubby man, who was whispering hurriedly into her ear. 
Regina let out a squeal in response to the man’s words, and her jaw dropped, leaving her mouth hanging agape which was very unusual for the eternally composed Regina. The audience looked bewildered and the atmosphere became tense with a concerned hum of noise coming form the crowd.
Mother leaned forward in anxiety, drumming her manicured nails on her knee. “What’s going on Avery? I wonder what could be happening. Have you heard what is happening? I have heard nothing of the sort. Is this some sort of joke?”
“I don’t know Mother. It is live WallScreening. I know nothing more than you do.” 
She started making an irritated moaning sound, wriggling in her seat and frowning at the screen. Once the man stopped whispering and left the stage, Regina stepped away from the microphone, clearly unhappy about the situation. She stood for about two minutes, whilst the whole crowd stared at her in silence. She closed her eyes and strummed her fingertips anxiously against one another. She took a deep breath. Her shoulders rose and slumped. Then she stepped up to the podium again.
“Erm,” she looked around nervously, her gaze darting around the crowd and often flickering up to look straight into the camera. “I have a further announcement to make” she started, “Uh, there has been, um, a sort of, uh, change to the way things are going to happen.”
The crowd started murmuring and shuffling, and Mother looked as though she might faint. 
“That is, well, uh, it seems that I am no longer only addressing those in the crowd, you see, um, I am also now speaking to those, uh, to my dearest of friends, on Mount Olympia...” 
I stared at the screen; my expression matched the shock that was echoing through the live crowd.
“This is difficult to approach, but it seems that King Mars and the Alphas have requested that not only Norms be Cured, but also that Descendants are to be Cured from this year onwards.” 
There was a very long pause. Mother squealed. The crowd cheered. I blacked out. Descendants. That was me.

Chapter 4

 I woke up with Mother fanning my face. I was lying on the floor beside the sofa I had been sitting on during the ceremony.  
“Sweet pea,” she cooed, “My dear, are you okay?’
I rolled onto my side and vomited again. I was not okay. I was going to be Cured. 
I had always felt a twinge of guilt because I was forever exempt from the Curing process, being born into a family of Primes. I knew that it was unfair and unreasonable that everyone else had to suffer whilst I grew up human and unaffected by the nation’s unjust policies, but I had also never protested the injustice. It had nothing to do with me, why would I care? That all changed now. 
At least Norms were raised knowing the date they would be Cured. They counted down the days to their ceremony their whole life. I, on the other hand, had an hour to digest the news. I was not going to live on Olympia. I was going to have my brain tampered with. I was going to work the rest of my life in a dirty, poverty-stricken Field. And all because of some stupid social system. All because of one tiny pill. 
The pill was only the size of a pinky fingernail, yet it had the power to change my life forever. It would determine my fate. I wasn’t sure of my strengths, or which area of my brain was the most gifted. I had never thought about it. I had never needed to. Dizziness overwhelmed me again.
This time, when I awoke, I was in my bed surrounded by Norms. Louisa was holding my hand and stroking my hair, singing softly. She sung my favourite lullaby, the one she used to sing to me whilst Mother was entertaining her guests rather than putting her daughter to bed.
“Go to sleep my darling, 
It’s time to rest your head,
The sun is calling it a day
You too should go to bed,
The sleepy sun is sinking, 
Into its bed out west,
So you should go to sleep now too
I think that would be best”
Her voice was out of tune, and she often forgot the lyrics, because her brain was numbed by the Cure. Maids were Labour Norms. Their bodies and capacity for physical labour were enhanced so they rarely tired from physical activity. Louisa could cook a meal for all of Olympia and decorate the entire palace without exhausting herself, but after eighteen years of singing the same lullaby, she still tripped up on the childish lyrics. 
I smiled at Louisa weakly, letting her wipe tears from my eyes, and praying it had all just been a nightmare. Then I took in Louisa’s grim expression. She had wet streaks down her face, and her lip was quivering. It had been real. 
I sniffed and wiped my nose with the back of my hand. Louise tried to hand me a tissue but I waved her away. There was no point in putting on a ladylike façade now. I was about to be condemned to a life of grime and poor health, so I might as well get used to looking a mess.
“Where is Mother?” I asked. 
“She has gone to complain to the authorities, my baby.” Louisa explained.
I nodded and sat up. I knew that no matter how much mother complained she wouldn’t get the Alphas to change their minds. She held a lot of power, due to her celebrity Prime status, but once the Alphas made a decision, they always stuck to it. The Alpha’s were the government. They ran the entire state, including Olympia and the Primes, and they were ruthless in their execution of what they perceived to be justice. It didn’t matter that their opinions of right and wrong were just that: opinions. They were the ringleaders. It was only Zaaben Mars that could outrule the Alphas, and the man was such a coward that he had run from Olympia at the first threat to his life. He was a poor excuse for a leader, but at this point he was my only hope.
The WallScreen began to ring and Louisa leapt off my bed just as my Father’s face popped up on the screen. 
“Louisa.” Father acknowledged her and she dived into a deep curtsy. I smiled meekly. I urged him to call all our housekeepers by their real names rather than the derogatory generalisation ‘Norm’ like Mother insisted on doing.
“My girl,” Dad turned to me. “How are you doing?”
I looked down, fighting back tears, unable to respond.
“I wish I could be there, Avery Rose. We are doing our best to contact the Alphas in charge of the decision but the lines are backed up with complaints already.”
I nodded. My father was an Alpha. He once worked as Zaaben Mars’ second in command, but ever since Mars went into hiding, my father had to take on a bigger workload. He was now the head of security, and spent most of his time touring the Fields and making sure they were running in an orderly and submissive fashion. At the moment he was on a conference, training new Alphas on security processes. I thought he might have a chance of exempting me from the Cure if he was able to get back in contact with Zaaben Mars. 
I squinted at the Wallscreen. My father’s handsome, elegantly lined face filled most of the image, but behind him I could see rock and a cloudless blue sky. I looked closer, examining the scenery that looked so unlike Olympia that it could have been a different planet. There was a vast stretch of dull grey rock in one direction, and in the other was an enormous rocky bank that reached so high that it could not be contained in my WallScreen’s frame. I frowned. Usually when my father went to a conference it was held in a boardroom.
“Where are you Dad?” I asked. “I thought you were on conference.”
My father’s eyes widened, his eyebrows raised briefly in surprise, and I saw him cuss under his breath. Then he quickly moved closer to the screen, blocking out the rock in the background and ensuring his face filled the camera.
“It hardly matters where I am Avery Rose. You are about to be Cured for goodness sake, how are you feeling?”
I laughed harshly. As if I needed reminding of my impending doom. “Just trying to take my mind off it, Dad.”
“Oh Avery, I know. I wish I could be there with you. It was not an easy decision, but we just thought-”
My stomach dropped. In front of me, my father’s face morphed into a stranger’s. I interrupted him, “We?” I started, my voice soft and unbelieving, or not wanting to believe what my gut instinct was telling me. Surely my father hadn’t had any part in making the decision that was about to end my life as I knew it.
My father responded to the question with a confused eyebrow raise.
“Sorry. I thought you said ‘we’ made the decision for Descendants to be Cured, Dad. I thought you might be suggesting that you played a part in my new doomed destiny.”
A look of realisation crossed my father’s face, followed by one of guilt. My vision blurred, but not from tears this time. I was angry, so angry that I felt my blood heat up and my muscles tense. My own father had been a part of the reason I was about to be Cured.
“I am sure this is hard to hear, Avery,” he was busy covering his betrayal, “but the decision to Cure Descendants isn’t a new one. It has been a long time coming. The Alphas decided it is just too risky to have humans around these days. And after those in the Fields are Cured at the age of eighteen, Descendants are the only remaining human brains on the planet.”
“You’re my father.” I spat in disgust.
“I know, sweetheart, but I don’t think that they will make an exception just for you. I think you should prepare for the worst.”
“Is it what Zaaben wants? Are you following his orders?”
My father shook his head. “I won’t discuss the matter any further. Go and put on a nice dress. I will be home as soon as I can.”
I didn’t hang up. I just sat there. Staring into the eyes of my father. The man I looked up to and loved. The only adult who I could look up to. The role model I aspired to be when I grew up. My father, thinking that I had gone, took a step away from the Screen. He was certainly not on conference. Behind him was a rocky desert that stretched as far as I could see. On the side of the screen was an enormous cliff composed of jagged rock. I frowned at my father, confused. He never lied to me. But before I could ask him where he was again, he caught my eye, swore loudly, and hung up. Then I burst into uncontrollable tears.
Mother came back into the room, yelling over her shoulder at the maids,“The party is cancelled Norms! Clean everything up!” 
She coughed lightly. Her voice was not used to yelling, it was unladylike. She came to my bedside and placed a glass of golden liquid on my side table Alcohol. 
“Mum, is this…?”
She pressed a finger to her lips, shushing me, and left the room. 
I picked up the glass and swallowed its contents. It warmed my throat and instantly brightened my mood. NectarAle was the most luxurious liquor in the land. It was expensive, and only served at the most prestigious events. Mother served it at all her parties but never consumed it herself. She said that alcohol was for dulling pain, and since our lives were perfect, there was no need for it. I had only had it once before, when my best friend Felix and I had snuck a bottle away from Mum’s annual Olympia Day ball. We had each had about four mouthfuls before we were laughing hysterically at the tree outside my window. There was nothing entertaining about the tree, NectarAle just made everything funny. I smiled at the memory, although the happiness quickly disappeared when I realized how selfish I was being. I had only considered how the new Cure rule would affect me, but Felix was a fellow Descendant. I hadn’t even given my best friend a second thought. He was about to be Cured too.
Tears welled up again as I turned the WallScreen on again to ring Felix. He and I had grown up together on Olympia. We met on my first day of high school. I had been home-schooled until that point, but begged and pleaded my parents to let me attend a normal school so I could make some friends. When the BusCopter hovered in front of my house on the first day of the school year, I had nervously boarded the massive floating bus. As I had feared, everyone stared at me. I hated having famous parents. 
“It’s the Optime girl,” someone whispered.
“Avery Rose!” came an excited cry.
I rolled my eyes. Everyone knew the Optimes. My mother and father had become Primes at the same Cure ceremony. They had fallen in love during their Prime initiation tests, where they had to carry out a number of tasks designed to test their powers and hone their new skills. The first Prime to complete the tasks each year was awarded their first choice of the available homes and careers on Olympia. My mother and father had famously completed the tasks together, instead of racing like contestants usually did. On the last task my mother had been wounded, but instead of leaving her and claiming the top rank for himself, my father carried mother through the task, helping her complete it at exactly the same time as himself. Then he had proposed at the awards ceremony following their initiation. The act was so romantic that it was made into films and re-enacted by children playing imaginary games. Everyone knew of us.
 
Chapter 5

The other kids had stared at me openly as I searched for a seat on the BusCopter. Watching me, open-mouthed as I made my way down the isle, but no one suggested I sit next to them. I moved further down the bus, my face growing so red that I could feel the heat radiating off it. Finally a little blonde boy had spoken out.  
“Well hell!” he said, loud enough for the whole bus to hear, “That’s no welcome to give a celebrity!” 
I cringed, thinking he was about to mock me.
“Sweetheart,” his eyes twinkled as he patted his knee. “Don’t worry about them, they're all a bit star struck. You come take a seat on Uncle Felix’s knee.” 
His impression of a creepy old man made me laugh. My face cooled slightly as I made my way towards his seat at the back of the bus, but there was already someone sitting next to him and I didn’t want to spend the bus ride on his knee. To my relief, Felix stood up when I got there, letting me sit down in his place. When I thanked him, he had patted my shoulder. 
“Sorry to break it to ya, Ms Optime, but I had selfish intentions. I stood up and let you sit to give me an excuse to hold on to you when the bus jolts!”
I laughed a little. “In that case, maybe I will just stay standing,” I replied with a smirk, but remained seated.
“Ah, she’s playing hard to get. A woman after my own heart.” Felix placed his hand on his chest, and we both laughed. 
By the time the bus arrived at school, I felt as though I had known Felix for years. We had chatted easily for the duration of the bus ride, and discovered that we had a lot in common. He hated school, and most of the kids that went there because they were stuck up and stuffy. I told him that I had no friends because I couldn’t bear the other kids I had met on Olympia.
“We are going to get along just fine, Ms Optime,” he had said as I leapt off the hovering bus and onto the school grounds. I decided I liked him. 
Felix took me to the principal’s office and then escorted me to every class that day. He was in most of the classes with me, and always sat at the desk next to mine, ignoring the seating plan completely. We barely listened to the teacher because we were too busy messing around and laughing together. It became apparent that whilst Felix was the beloved class clown, he was also a bit of a loner. He frustrated teachers by refusing to listen to instruction and constantly making inappropriate jokes, but they all seemed to be fond of him anyway. It was hard not to be, with his quick wit and infectious laugh. 
Our mathematics teacher swatted Felix on the head when he was busy fashioning his activity sheet into a paper plane.
“Do your work, boy,” the teacher said.
“I already know it all!” Felix replied cockily, “Ask me anything!” 
The teacher picked up Felix’s half-made plane and un-crumpled the paper. She began to read the first math problem.
“If Tiana had twenty lions on her farm, and Jane took five percent of the lions away, then what does Jane have?”
“A criminal conviction for breaking and entering, and a hefty fine for animal theft,” Felix replied quickly. I snorted and the rest of the class snickered, whilst Felix’s expression remained completely serious. 
“Avery?” The teacher turned to me. “Perhaps you might be able to answer the question with more maturity. What does Jane have?”
“A nasty lion bite needing urgent medical attention before it becomes infected?” I struggled to keep a straight face when Felix let out a guffaw and slapped me on the back. The teacher let out a sigh and walked away shaking her head.
Felix was also much smarter than anyone else in our year group. Even though he didn’t listen to lectures, and never completed homework assignments, he always knew the answers when teachers called on him. 
He asked me to eat lunch with him on that first day. We sat alone, cross-legged on the grass in the middle of the school grounds. People stared at me. They had seen me countless times in the media because of my parents, but I rarely had the chance to socialize with kids my own age, since I had been confined to home-school. Felix noticed everyone watching but laughed off the attention.
“Man, I must’ve gotten better looking over night! People can’t take their eyes off me today,” he had said as I opened my lunch bag. I snorted with laughter for the second time that day, before covering my mouth and thinking how appalled mother would be with my unladylike behaviour. 
He chuckled,“Did you just snort, Avery-Rose Optime?”
“My mother would slaughter me.”
“Your mother’s not here.”
We had laughed and snorted our way through lunchtime. I finally felt free, and for the first time in my life, I had a real friend. One that wasn’t a maid or the gardener’s son. 
I invited him over after school and we spent the afternoon swimming in my pool and lounging in the sun. My mother had come outside to introduce herself and Felix had greeted her with a deep bow, “Pleased to make your acquaintance Madam Optime,” he had said in a ridiculously pompous voice. I knew he was poking fun at her, but she been charmed at his behaviour. I had snorted accidentally and mother’s face dropped.
“Avery-Rose!” She had exclaimed.
“Sorry Mother,” I covered my mouth with my hand to suppress laughter, “Won’t happen again.”
She had retreated back into the house. When the door closed, Felix and I burst into snorting laughter. We had been inseparable ever since. 
 

Chapter 6

The WallPhone rang twice before Felix’s face appeared on the Screen. It was obvious that he too had been crying. He reached out a hand and placed his palm on his WallScreen. I did the same and it almost felt like we were touching. We sat like that for a very long time without talking. Then he cleared his throat.
“Good luck Ave.” He said with a furrowed brow. Even in my current state of shock I couldn’t help but notice how spectacular he looked. His blonde hair sat perfectly and his chiselled jaw was tensed in anxiety. He wiped a tear from his cheek and sniffed. Then he hung up and my Screen went black.
I lay in bed, staring at the celling. Crying. Grinding my teeth. There was no way around it. Felix and I were going to be Cured.
 

Chapter 7

I don’t know how much time passed, but eventually Mother crept into my room. Her normally perfect eye make-up was smudged so that it streaked down her face. Her usually preened hair was littered with stray strands. She stroked my cheek. I didn’t react. Then she pried my duvet out of my clenched fists and helped me out of bed. I was numb. I stood still as Mother conjured up a ridiculous outfit on my WallScreen. For once I didn’t protest as she stripped me down and dressed me in the sparkly white, slim fitting dress. She then combed my hair and twirled it into a rosette, pinning it with a sequined bow. She lathered my face in thick liquid and dusted it with a light powder. I felt nothing. She kept painting my face for what felt like hours and then gently pulled me to the mirror. I stared. I did not look like me.  
“You look beautiful Avery Rose.” 
I blinked. I did look beautiful.  Then the WallScreen bleeped. A call was coming in from the Alphas.  
“Yes?” Mother answered curtly.  
An automated voice spoke, “As per the recent alteration to the rules regarding The Cure. It has come to the attention of the Alphas that Miss Avery-Rose Optime, a Descendant, is due to be Cured today. Please bring her to the Curing ceremony immediately. Thank you. Goodbye.” 
The girl in the mirror crumbled to the ground. 
Mother summonsed some Norms to pick me up and carry me to our HoverCopter. We reached the rooftop where our vehicle was kept, and the vehicle was already waiting. The Copter looked like a plain surfboard with a seat planted on top, and was floating a foot over the HoverPad. My carriers placed me on the seat that was built into the platform and buckled me in. Mother slicked my hair into place and lightly pecked my forehead, before stepping away from the Copter.
“You will be okay.” She promised as a glass shield extended from the back of the board and encircled the platform, and me, in an opaque bubble.
 

Chapter 8

By the time I got to the ceremony I had accepted my fate. I would probably be an academic Norm of some sort, since I was both too uncoordinated to be a Labour Norm not creative enough to be an Artistic Norm. Perhaps I would be a Linguistic, seeing as I enjoyed poetry. They would send me to the Field full of other literary minds. I was not even very good at literacy, so I would be low in the ranks amongst the Field. I would probably spend the rest of my life writing ditties for WallScreen commercials. 
My HoverCopter landed atop a tall glass building at the base of Olympia. A Labour Norm pressed the release button on my Copter, and the glass container receded. When I didn’t move from my seat, the Norm unstrapped me with gentle fingers, and lifted me from the vehicle, placing me carefully on the ground. He and one other Labour Norm each looped an arm through mine, to keep me from collapsing. They escorted me through a door and down a glass elevator to the ground level of the building. Everything was a blur as they led me through the foyer of the skyscraper and out of the building. I stepped outside and was overwhelmed by a huge crowd facing in the opposite direction. I could see the stage where Regina was standing at the front of the crowd. Her eyes met mine and her jaw dropped. Everything went silent and slowly the crowd began to turn. Until eventually every single eye was staring at me. 
So many faces. Some of jealousy. Some of pity. Many of hatred. I bowed my head as my escorts moved me through the crowd. It was bizarre. I never left Mount Olympia so I often forgot that every Norm knew my name. Knew my face. Knew everything about me. Even though they all knew me, it was clear that I was no celebrity. These people did not clamor for my autograph or want to know about my life. No. They had been bombarded with information of my family’s superiority since their birth. They hated me, but at the same time each of them stood, mouths agape, in awe. Now my ridiculous, pretentious costume felt just that. As I was pushed through the masses by my bodyguards, I clawed at my hair, pulling it out of its fancy up-do. I hiked my gown up to knee length, and secured it there by tying it in a knot. I wiped the lipstick from my mouth with the back of my hand and rubbed at my eyes, before prying gemstones off my cheekbones. By the time I reached the front of the crowd, I must have looked a mess, but I felt less prominent, less conceited, less like a bad joke. The bodyguards half dragged me up the stairs and onto the stage where the Cure was to take place. Regina Quaint’s icy cold hand greeted me.
“Well look at who we have here!” Regina practically squealed with delight. “Our last Descendant of the day, and definitely the most exciting!” I stood still and looked at the ground, refusing to acknowledge the woman.
“Miss Avery-Rose Optime, daughter of the famous Prunella and Apolleon of Olympia, the reigning champions of the Prime initiation challenges. They still hold the record for completing their initiation in the fasted time, but more importantly, their love story is famous worldwide!” 
I barely heard her words. There was a loud buzzing sound in my ears and I could not concentrate on Regina’s voice.
Regina turned to me, her direct tone breaking through the buzzing drone, “Ms Optime-“
I interrupted her instinctively, “Avery, please.”
Regina’s smile stretched into a manic grin. “Right. Aye-ver-ee” She exaggerated every syllable of my name. “Do you realize that we have now Cured every Descendant on Mount Olympia, and only one of them has been labelled a Prime?”
It took my mind a while to process what she had said. A Descendant had become a Prime? I snapped out of my numb state, filled with hope. Could it have been Felix?  
“Uh, if you don’t mind me asking, Regina, who is the new Prime?” I whispered, shielding my mouth form the microphone so the masses couldn’t hear me. I knew my care for Felix would be construed as selfishness. After a life of luxury, it would only be fair for him to be a Norm in their eyes.
Regina furrowed her brow and looked at a stack of papers. “Hmmm, it looks to be a young man named Fee-lix Fidus.”
I felt a subconscious smile creep across my face. Felix would live a good life. 
“Ah,” Regina noticed my grin, “Do we have a little crush on Felix, do we?” 
I blushed scarlet. “No, no. He is my best friend.”
Regina giggled in a sickeningly sweet fashion. “Riiiight.” She winked at the camera that was recording her and I suppressed the urge to punch her in the face. “Anyway, Avery, do you think you may be a Prime after all?” she asked, turning back to me. 
I knew for certain that I was no Prime. I wasn’t particularly gifted at anything, let alone evenly gifted across the board. 
“I strongly doubt that” I mumbled. 
Regina looked even more excited.
“Well, let’s just wait and see!” 
She handed me a tiny white pill and a medicine cup full of water. Then she turned back to the crowd. 
“Let’s count her down, Norms! Ready?”  My hands were shaking so violently that the water was sloshing everywhere.  “Three...” 
I was happy to notice that Regina was counting alone; no one had taken her up on her offer to count me down to my doom.
“Two...”
I raised the plastic cup to my lips and took a sip of the water, ready to take the pill.
Just as Regina leant toward the microphone to end her countdown I noticed a movement to my left. 
Precisely as Regina said “One,” a body much bigger than my own barged into me. I dropped the cup of water to the floor and was wrenched into a sudden embrace. I looked up to see Felix’s beaming face. For a second, but no longer, he caught my eye and winked. Still wrapped in a tight hug, Felix discretely grabbed my hand, which was still holding the Cure, and prised my fingers open, removing the pill and replacing it with a new, slightly larger pill. I turned to look at my friend, bewildered.
“Follow my lead,” he whispered into my ear, “Fake it.” He then released the vice grip he held on me and stepped back. The whole process had taken no more than five seconds.
I stood, dumbfounded as Felix sauntered to the front of the stage where a shell-shocked Regina stood, mouth agape, watching his show. Felix ignored Regina’s stare and stepped up to her microphone.
He cleared his throat and tapped the microphone to ensure the sound was working. A loud crackling from the speakers boomed over the otherwise entirely silent crowd. Every eye was trained on Felix.
“So sorry to interrupt, guys!” he finally addressed the crowd with an easy grin. I shook my head, doubting my friend’s mental stability and wondering if the Cure had rendered him not only a Prime, but also clinically insane. From where I stood, directly behind him, I couldn’t read his expression, but I noticed his hands were trembling at his sides. What was he doing?
 Regina finally came to her senses and blocked the microphone with her hand. She turned to Felix, “What on earth do you think you are doing, young man?” she whispered angrily.
The crowd stood, shocked. No one had ever interrupted the Curing ceremony before. Ever. Felix gestured to the microphone, silently requesting the stage. Regina reluctantly removed her hand and stepped back, allowing Felix to speak.  He cleared his throat again. 
“I’m terribly sorry to interrupt the Curing proceedings,” he began, “You see, as a Descendant, my father has been preparing me for duty lately. I’ve barely spent a day on Olympia this year, instead I’ve been attending conferences and meetings with my father and other Alphas. As I’m sure the majority of you now, Avery is my dearest and oldest friend, and I haven’t seen her in a long while thanks to my hectic training regime. And then, just now whilst I was backstage with the other new Primes, I noticed her voice. And, my friends, whilst I am very sorry for interrupting the proceedings, I just had to come and say greet my best friend after our lengthy separation. And I had to wish her luck for her Cure.” 
Felix bowed away from the microphone and turned to face me, but still held the microphone to his mouth. 
He had spoken with such sincerity and conviction that Regina nodded at the both of us in approval before taking the microphone and covering it with her palm to muffle any noise. 
“A touching story, Mr Fidus,” she whispered, “But let’s ensure it never happens again. Go back to your challenge preparations please.”
I noticed a fearful expression flash across Felix’s face. He quickly replaced it with a grin and waved at the Norms, before loping off stage, his other hand still closed firmly in a fist, holding my Cure. He did not look back at me.
“Sorry for that slight interruption, folks,” Regina addressed the crowd again, “Please be assured that the ceremony will now be proceeding as per usual.” 
One of the Labour Norms who had escorted me from the HoverCopter to the stage returned with a new cup of water. Regina snatched it from his grasp and turned to me again, handing over the new cup. 
“Avery-Rose, now you may take the Cure.” 
I held my breath, trembling as I raised the unidentified pill to my lips. I had no idea what it was, or what it would do to me. But I trusted Felix. At this point I had no other option. I set the pill on my tongue and gulped it down, chasing it with the water.
I had watched enough Cure proceedings to know how recipients usually reacted. Those who were morphing into Norms usually fell to the floor, fainting for a few moments as their brain composition was altered dramatically. Primes, however, usually just looked bemused, as though nothing was happening. Then their eyes would light up and they would smile. For the first few days they lived on a constant high, elated, their brains adjusting to the new enhancements.
I waited for a few seconds. Long enough for The Cure to have taken effect. But I felt nothing. The crowd watched me, waiting, anticipating my reaction to a pill I had not taken. I had to do something. I had to pretend. 
Felix had said that he wanted me to follow his lead. I assumed he meant that I should act as though I too was a Prime. I decided to trust him and pray that he had a plan. So with that, I plastered a smile on my face that I hoped was a convincing imitation of the usual bemusement that overcame new Primes’ expressions. I raised one eyebrow and looked at Regina, at the crowd, and at the cameras. I paused for another ten seconds. Everyone waited, staring wide-eyed in anticipation. Then I grinned, one of those ecstatic smiles usually reserved for Christmas morning or other such special occasions. I unknotted my dress, and let it fall to the floor. I then stalked up to the front of the stage, praying that I looked as confident as Felix had done. I grabbed Regina by the face, and kissed her smack on the lips before turning to the crowd.
“Thanks for your time, I wish you all the best of luck for your own Cures.” I wiggled my fingers in a wave borrowed from my mother, and swept off the stage, hoping that no one noticed my trembling knees.

Chapter 9 

I descended the stage’s stairs shakily, shocked by my own performance and sure that I was caught out. There was no way I could convince the entire population of Olympia that I was a Prime. What had I done?
The same two Labour Norms from this morning approached me when I reached the bottom stair. Only now did I notice how tall and muscular they were. I could see their biceps straining against their black t-shirt sleeves. They looked angry. Certain that they must have known about my blatant deception, I held out my hands in surrender, ready for them to detain me. The largest Norm frowned at me confusedly, before shaking my hand as though I had been holding it out in greeting. The two men then bowed their heads toward me in the same way that Norms are required to address Primes. I stared at them as they enacted the universal gesture of respect. Bewildered and unbelieving. They didn’t know my secret. They righted their posture and I tried to regain composure. I needed to maintain the façade, convince them of my apparent Prime status. Channelling my mother, who was the epitome of a conventional Prime, I instinctively twirled my hair around my finger, a habit of hers that I had always despised, but know for which I was eternally grateful. I spun my locks into a bun, just as she had done this morning, and found some clips elsewhere in my hair, to fasten it. Only, then, did I speak to the men.
“Hi there!” I smiled enthusiastically, forcing elation into my expression to mimic that which was expected of new Primes.
“Come with us please, Ms Op-”
“Avery, please call me Avery.” I interrupted.
The Norms looked confused. I realised that they weren’t accustomed to Descendants speaking to them in a amicably. 
“Err, right. Okay then. Avery, please follow us.” the largest Norm said.
The men led me to a large glass building. I recognized it from the WallScreen News, but up close it was far more daunting. 
Standing at the base of the structure, I looked up, craning my neck back as far as I could. The top of the building still disappeared into the clouds. The sun glinted off the glass panes, so the whole building looked to be glittering.
One of the men stepped up to the enormous glass door and placed his eye on a sensor screen build into the wall. The machine scanned his eye with a slight humming noise. There was a high-pitched beep and the door swung open.
We entered the building all at once, easily fitting through the wide doorframe, even with the three of us waking side by side. 
Inside was a single enormous room. Polished white marble floors covered the expansive area. They shone blindingly bright from the light coming through the glass walls. A single piece of furniture interrupted the otherwise empty room. The large black desk stood in stark contrast to the whiteness of the space. One of the two Norms pointed at the desk and lightly pushed me in its direction before turning to go.
“Don’t go!” I said, grabbing the largest one’s sleeve. “I need you.” 
The man smiled kindly, but shook my hand away from his arm.
“I didn’t even get your name.” I said, but the men were already leaving the room.
“But there is no one else in here,” I protested, shouting after their retreating figures, “I don’t know what to do.” 
The men closed the door behind them and I heard it seal shut and click as it locked automatically. 
“Nice to meet you too.” I yelled after them and my voice bounced off the walls. I suddenly felt very alone. 
I walked the length of the room to the desk. On the surface lay a single piece of paper with the heading ‘Newbies’ and six names listed under it. There was also a fancy looking pen lying next to the parchment. I picked it up and began to write my name at the bottom of the list. I wrote the ‘A’. Then I stopped. The other names were written in perfect penmanship, with the exception being ‘Felix Fidus’ which was written in Felix’s usual rough handwriting, although I could see that he had attempted to write it on a slant. 
My suspicions were confirmed. He too had faked his Curing. I scratched his name from the list. If anyone were to see it, they would know that he was not a Prime. I thought about the calligraphy in which Mother wrote all her party invitations. Her handwriting always looked as though it had been printed by a WallScreen because her hand was so steady. I had never been good at art, nor calligraphy, but it would be obvious that I was not a Prime if I wrote in my usual childish scrawl. I turned the paper to the side as I had seen my mother do countless times as she wrote out invitations. Then I slowly printed my name in an imitation of her swirly, slanted font, which was barely legible because it was so loopy. Then I did the same for Felix’s name. When I had finished I stepped back and admired my work. Not too shabby.
I set the pen back down on the desk and looked around, wondering what happened next. There was a faint clacking of high heels coming in my direction, so I tried to stand with precise posture, like Mother, and opened my eyes wide. Primes always looked alert. Regina Quaint entered the room through a hidden door to my left.
“Hello again, dear,” she offered a cold smile.
“Hi Regina.” I attempted to smile in return. She walked towards me and took my hand
“Now you realise that it is necessary for Primes to undergo a series of initiation tests to establish your rank on Olympia and find you a fitting career?” Regina asked.
I gulped. Of course I had known that. Everyone knew about the initiation tasks. But I also knew that there was no way I would get through them. They were specifically designed to be accomplishable only by the superhuman. I didn’t even have a chance. 
I nodded, trying to keep my cool, “Yep, can’t wait.” I gulped.
She then beckoned for me to follow her, before gliding away, heading back through the hidden door.  I followed her, and tried to match her walk, perfecting my Prime strides, and feeling like a complete moron.

Chapter 10

 My mouth fell open in amazement. I had expected another grand marble room, but what stood before me was the longest hallway I had ever seen. The entire hall was littered with countless doors and made completely of glass, allowing one to see into every room. Regina hurried me along, pulling me to the first door. Before we entered I could see a table filled with people. She swung the glass open and led me inside. We had clearly entered a conference room. There was a large oval shaped metal table in the centre surrounded by matching chairs that were filled by the other new Primes. Felix, who sat at the head of the table, let out a visible sigh of relief as I entered the room. I grinned at him, even though my entire body was shaking with fear. He winked back at me before patting an empty seat next to him. I looked at Regina for approval and she nodded. I tried to walk in a composed manner as a Prime would do, but when I sat down I reached out and gave Felix’s hand a light squeeze under the table. He turned to me and smiled, but I saw fear in his eyes, which confirmed my fears. He didn’t have any master plan to get us through these tests.
Regina cleared her throat, and I turned to her, my nausea returning and my head feeling light. 
“Hello, Newbies,” she cooed in a sickeningly high-pitched voice, “So you are our new generation of Primes. Or rather, you will be, once you complete your Prime initiation trials. So have a look around this table, because it is more than likely you’ll be spending your life with these people atop Olympia!”
I looked around the table; there were only seven of us. Opposite me was a brunette girl with a pretty face and porcelain skin. Her hair was dead straight and glossy. I wondered how she kept it that way whilst living in Norm conditions. She wore a white button up shirt that was only slightly grubby, and a black pencil skirt, which was impressively crease-free but a little too big for her. She must have come from an academic Field; she was too clean to be an Artistic or Labourer. Her hands were folded in front of her and she was very composed, her eyes bright and her cheeks rosy. 
Next to her was a dark-haired boy with an angular face. He wore a self-satisfied smirk and a leather jacket that was torn all over. He was drumming his fingers on the table in an irritating way, and kept flexing his neck causing it to crack loudly. Under the jacket I could tell that his arms were bulging with muscle, and his shoulders were broad. He looked like a Labourer.
Beside him was a tiny, young looking girl. She had white hair with a lilac streak at the front. Her featured were pointed and her arms were crossed over her chest, but I could see that her grey smock was dotted with colourful stains. Paint. She was from the Artistic Field.
“So,” asked a deep voice belonging to the boy sitting next to me, “When do we start our trials?”
 I turned to see who had spoken and my heart jumped a little in my chest. His dark brown hair was naturally ruffled and his eyes were a deep brown. He wore a plain white t-shirt and dark jeans, with a delicate silver chain around his neck. He looked so different, all grown up and up close, but it was undoubtedly him. 
“THEO?” I all but yelled in his face. My mind reeled. My best childhood friend was sitting right next to me. Theo was a Prime! I clapped my hand over my mouth to keep from squealing in delight. I had to keep up my Prime pretense, and Primes rarely lost their cool.
Theo looked at me and cocked his head to the side, giving me a confused and almost irritated look, “Avery Rose,” he nodded in cold acknowledgement, before turning back to face Regina.
I blushed scarlet and bowed my head, hurt by my friend’s lack of greeting. The girl sitting next to him let out a delighted laugh at the awkward interaction, before flipping her golden ringlets and proceeding to examine her fingernails. She was dressed in a red flippy dress that only had one tear across the shoulder, and she wore a matching lipstick. Definitely from an academic Field of some sort. I shot her a dirty look but she didn’t notice, apparently too engrossed in her cuticles.
Regina answered Theo’s question, “First you must be trained. Trust me, you would not want to attempt these challenges with no knowledge of the dangers you will be facing.” She smirked condescendingly and tapped the WallScreen to turn it on. I clenched my fists involuntarily. If she smirked one more time I was going to slap that stupid smile right off her perfectly made up face.
Chapter 11

“Hello, Regina Quaint.” The Screen greeted her. “And hello, Newbies. Good luck for your initiation tests.” 
“Initiation introduction,” Regina said to the Wall and the Screen flicked to a scrolling text. 
“Welcome Newbies,” the Screen read. “As you know, each of you is one of a select few who react abnormally to The Cure. This probably means that prior to your Curing, your mind was very equally balanced. The Cure could therefore not find one particular section of the brain more developed than the others to emphasize. When this occurs, the result is that the Cure is distributed evenly to all aspects of the body and mind, and the chemical effects are heightened. This means that Primes are able to complete both physical and mental tasks beyond what any human being could ever accomplish.”
The screen paused and the Newbies sat back in their chairs, allowing the realization to set in. They were Primes. They were superiors. Everyone except Felix and me. We shared a nervous glance.
“Initiation process,” Regina instructed the Screen.
The Wall spoke again, “As you already know, Newbies are to participate in a set of initiation trials which will determine your placement on Olympia. What you may not know, however, is that in the past there have been humans who evaded the Cure. These humans somehow managed to avoid swallowing the pill, and then simulated the actions and behaviours of Primes so as to be permitted to live the luxurious lifestyle awarded to Prime community. Each and every one of these imposters has been discovered sooner or later, as they drop their cover-act or are unable to complete the tasks that new Primes are required to carry out to determine their place on Olympia.”
Felix and I met each other’s gaze again.
“To catch these criminals before they are introduced to the Prime lifestyle, each Newbie is required to undergo an initiation process. We have developed a series of challenges designed to test Newbies, both physically and mentally, to ensure their Prime status.
“As well as eliminating imposters, the trials will determine which position each of you is designated upon Olympia. The Newbie with the top trial score is awarded first choice of residence and career on the mountain. The second top trial scorer gets second choice, and so forth,” the Screen paused, waiting for instruction.
“Initiation history.” Said Regina.
The Screen piped up again, “Our modern society is largely based on that of Ancient Greece. The peace and prosperity evident in the Greek Empire is something to be admired and hopefully mirrored in today’s world. 
“In ancient Greece, there was believed to be a multitude of Gods. In mythology, when these Gods produced offspring with humans, the result was demi-gods. These individuals possessed some godly powers, but were only half divine. As far as scientists today can tell, it seems that Primes are very similar to demi-gods by way of super-human qualities. “Hercules is a very famous demi-god who was forced to utilize every ounce of super-being within himself to complete a series of labours. You have all studied Greek history in class and probably already have a sound knowledge of what these tasks were. 
“The Twelve Labours of Hercules were designed to push the physical, mental and emotional boundaries of the demi-god. These tasks have been replicated in the current day in the forms of tests by which we assess new Primes. The tests are never the same as previous years, but are always based on each of the dozen tasks that Hercules was required to complete.” 
The Screen stopped speaking. I winced as I felt a hard blow to my shin under the table. I looked up and Felix caught my eye, before pressing a discrete finger to his lips in a hushing motion. I realized I had been breathing heavily in panic, and moved my hand to cover my mouth and muffle my anxious gasps. 
“So, young Primes,” Regina was grinning manically, “I would be lying if I was to say that these tests are easy. They’re not. They are designed to push Newbies to their physical, mental and emotional limits. But they are very possible. Those who complete the tests with the most outstanding results will be rewarded for their efforts accordingly, and once you graduate initiation, you may all look forward to life on Olympia amongst the other Primes.
“This year we have been blessed with seven Newbies!” she clapped her hands, “The average Curing ceremony produces between two and three. This means that there will be more competition during the tasks. You will be fighting for your futures.” Everyone at the table began to slide glances at each other, sizing up the competition. I remained still, my eyes trained to the table, my hands dripping with sweat. 
“Your trial training will start tomorrow, my dears, so for the rest of the day you will be treated to rest and luxury.” She gave one more overly enthusiastic grin before twirling around and sauntering out of the room, shouting over her shoulder, “Toodaloo Newbies!”  
When the door closed behind Regina there was an awkward silence. Everyone sat, not knowing where to go or what to do. Then, one by one, the new Primes sat straight and lifted their noses into the air, slow smiles spreading across their faces. Felix and I turned to each other with quizzical expressions, wondering what the Newbies were doing. Felix shrugged and imitated the actions of the real Newbies. I stifled a laugh as he lifted his nose in to the air and sniffed, trying to copy the Primes, but looking like he had gone insane. I looked around just as the door to the conference room door opened again, and a train of young children entered the room, laden with huge silver dishes. Finally, the smell hit me. It was divine. No wonder the Primes had reacted in such an odd way with their heightened senses, especially the ones who had never had the luxury of cooked food.
In the Fields, they were used to swallowing their daily nutrition in one pill. Each family had a WallScreen in their cramped apartment. And each day, the Screen produced a bunch of pills, one for each family member, which contained a set amount of calories, vitamins and nutrients. This way Norms did not have to waste time and labour hours by stopping for food breaks. On Olympia however, we ordered fully prepared meals from our WallScreens, or had Labour Norms cook for us. Eating was a luxury that only Primes could afford. 
The train of children split off, so that each Newbie had a child waiting on them. The children placed a small bowl of red liquid in front of each place setting and laid out cutlery in the correct manner. The new Primes looked uncomfortable, their eyes shifting around uneasily. It took me a while to realize that they did not know any table etiquette. I picked up my spoon and plunged it into the soup. The new Primes quickly followed suit. As I ladled the warm liquid into my mouth, I was overwhelmed by sensation. This was even better than food on Olympia. The thick tomato soup was decadent and rich in flavour. I devoured it in seconds, suddenly realizing how hungry I was after such a stressful morning. The children returned, filling glass goblets with a golden stream of bubbles, which turned out to be NectarAle. I decided not to drink the alcohol, since I was sure I would need a clear mind to keep up my Prime facade. 
Next, the children heaved numerous silver platters onto the centre of the table and removed their lids. The new Primes started to drool as huge piles of fried chicken, lamb chops, Kobe beef, and salmon slabs were revealed. In between meat plates were dishes of multi-coloured salads and vegetables that I had never laid eyes upon before. The Primes eyed up the food hungrily but looked to me again for advice on protocol. A pretty blonde girl of no more than six years old passed me a set of serving tools and then dropped into a curtsy. I thanked the young girl and she blushed beet red before scurrying out of the room. 
I served huge mounds of food onto my plate, selecting a large portion of every dish before handing the servers over to Felix. Even though Felix and I were accustomed to real food, we ate as hungrily and excitedly as the new Primes. After polishing off my entire plate I sunk back into my chair, rubbing my stomach uncomfortably. The new Primes looked at me with puzzled expressions. I stared back at the tiny white-haired girl, wondering how she managed to put away a meal twice the size of my own, yet she looked barely satisfied. Felix kicked me under the table again and I frowned at him. I was going to have a bruise if he kept the kicking up. He glanced from my empty plate, to the other diners and then back to me, giving me a pointed look. 
His lips formed the word ‘Prime,’ and I realised what he meant. Primes have hyper-speed metabolisms and digestive systems. They rarely feel full. 
I quickly sat bolt upright and pretended that I too was feeling merely satisfied after the supersized lunch. Our plates were cleared, and then, to my horror, the children returned. This time they carried enormous glass chalices filled to the brim with an assortment of ice creams, lathered in a chocolate sauce and garnished with chocolate shavings and sprinkles. I groaned inwardly, but made sure my face matched the eager smiles of the new Primes. Each Prime was given a chalice, holding what must have been a litre of ice cream, before the children left once more. Felix and I shared a worried glance, and then reluctantly took up our spoons started on the mountainous desserts.
By the time I reached the bottom of the seemingly endless sundae, my stomach was aching and I had to keep from moaning in discomfort. Felix was frowning and rubbing his own stomach. I looked around at the new Primes, all of whom were so excited about having just eaten real food for the first time in their lives, that the tense atmosphere had disappeared, leaving them happily chatting amongst one another.  
The children came to clear the table for the last time. I smiled at the young blonde girl, who, again, blushed scarlet. The WallScreen flickered to life again, and Regina’s face appeared in the frame.
“I hope you enjoyed the meal, Newbies. Welcome to the life of a Prime. Our assistants will now escort you to the accommodation in which you will stay throughout the training period.”
Following the message, the little blonde girl tapped my shoulder lightly and reached for my hand. I stood, and let her lead me out of the room along with the three other female Newbies. Glancing back over my shoulder I saw Felix being led by a young boy in the opposite direction with the rest of the male Newbies. I wanted to stick with Felix. He was already proving to be much better than me at pretending to be a Prime. But for now I was going to have to cope on my own.
 


Chapter 12

After winding down countless hallways, which were no longer made of glass but rather rich wood, we finally reached a large mahogany door with a brass knocker. The girl holding my hand came to an abrupt stop. The other three female Newbies had already reached their rooms, mine was the last and the most confusing to find. 
“This is your room Miss Optime,” the tiny girl said quietlys.
“Thank you,” I smiled down at her, “You can just call me Avery. What is your name?”
The girl cleared her throat and looked around but said nothing. Of course. They were under strict instruction as to how they may speak to us. The poor girl was probably already in training to become a Labour Norm. I opened the door and was greeted by the most enormous and luxurious foyer I had ever seen. My house on Olympus was grand, but this was more luxurious than I’d never known. A massive round parlour stood before me, adorned with plush cream sofas and fluffy cream carpet. There were a myriad of doors scattered around the parlour. I walked towards the first door, eager to explore, and decided to move in a clockwise direction around the doorways. As I reached for the first doorknob, I turned back around to find the young girl standing, her mouth agape and her eyes wide, taking in the grandiose room before her. I moved back to her and pressed a finger to my lips to show that I would keep our interaction a secret. Then I grabbed her hand, and pulled her gently behind me. 
Once the door to the hallway swung closed I whispered, “Are we able to talk in here?” 
The girl shrugged. 
“Look, I’m a Prime now. I get to make the rules. And I am saying that you may speak to me freely,” The girl looked worried, her brow furrowed and she bit her lip, “Now tell me, what is your name?” 
After a few moments of silence, the girl lifted her gaze to look me in the eye, “I’m Eva,” she whispered.
“What a beautiful name” I said. “How old are you, Eva?” 
Eva shrugged. Norms often weren’t told their age, because their parents didn’t like them to count down to their Cure date. 
“Well, Eva, would you like to explore my new room with me?” I asked. 
Eva nodded enthusiastically, finally forgetting her fear of the Primes in charge. 
We opened the first door. Inside was a vast floor of glossy tan coloured tiles. In the centre of the room stood a large stone tub, with spa jets embedded in the sides. The room had a WallScreen stretched across the far wall. I switched it on to find it was a makeup station, already programmed with an image of my face, to which I could apply millions of cosmetics on the screen. At the press of a button, a pair of arms extended from a hole that appeared in the wall to then replicate the design onto my real face. Eva stood, entranced by the enlarged image of my face, twirling on the screen. I gestured for her to apply any of the make-up she desired. She used the blusher to give the hologram version of my face a pair of bright red cheeks. She pressed the ‘apply’ button and the mechanical arms extended from the wall. They grasped my face with a rough grip, and held my head still as a makeup brush swished over my cheeks. The arms finally released me and I stepped back, turning to Eva. She burst into a fit of laughter upon seeing my scarlet cheeks.
“You look like a dolly!” she squealed in delight whilst I used the back of my hand to rub the makeup from my face. 
My mother used a make-up station daily, but I had never experimented with it before, and vowed never to use one again. Next to the make-up machine was a hairdressing station, which had countless options for hair colours, styles and dos. Eva asked me to try out a new hairstyle, but after catching sight of my still far too red cheeks in the mirror, I decided not to mess around with the hair station. Those machines were ruthless.
I left the bathroom, towing Eva behind me, and entered the next room, which turned out to be my wardrobe. Across the back wall of the wardrobe room stretched the largest WallScreen I had ever seen. There was a holographic image of me projected in front of the Screen. A perfect replica of my body was spinning in leisurely circles wearing only plain black underwear, waiting to be dressed at the press of a button. I backed out of the room quickly, disturbed by the eerie, translucent version of myself. I missed my WallDrobe back at home, where the clothes were shown on a faceless mannequin instead of on a life-sized Avery duplicate. 
The next room was much more to my liking. A smaller, quainter room with shelves stocked to the roof with books. A single, massive red beanbag sat in the centre of the floor. I made my way over to the shelves and ran my fingers over their spines. I pulled a large brown-covered one off the shelf and opened it to the middle. A cloud of dust spilled from the pages and I breathed in the enchanting scent, feeling at ease for the first time since I awoke that morning.
Eva finally managed to drag me away from the bookshelves, and led me to the last door. My bedroom was the largest room yet. The bed was built into the floor, with the top of the mattress at floor level. It was adorned with so many pillows that I could barely see the gold trimmed duvet beneath them. The rest of the room was decorated with a huge sofa, a small spa pool, a writing desk and a table and chairs. The furniture was scattered around the room and barely filled in the vast space. I turned to Eva, who had a grin plastered on her face.  
“Wow,” she said. 
I nodded.
“Aren’t you used to this, though, since you already live on Olympia?” she asked.
“You never really get used to it, Eva.”
“But now it all belongs to you instead of your parents,”she smiled. 
I knew she was trying to be kind, but my mind reeled at the comment. My stomach flipped. I had momentarily forgotten about my impending doom. I was never going to live like this. In fact, once I got caught out, I was sure I would spend my life in a concrete cell, probably in Tartarus. I shuddered, thinking about the most hellish prison in the land. Only the worst criminals went there. Rumour was that one would choose death over Tartarus, because living in Tartarus was like dying over and over again. 
Suddenly feeling extremely nauseous, I turned to Eva, “Hey, I am really tired Eva, mind if I have a nap?”
She nodded and squeezed my hand before skipping happily from the room. I stood still until I heard the mahogany door click shut. Then I walked over to my bed and collapsed onto it.


Chapter 13

I opened my eyes and sat up. Disorientated, I looked around frantically. At that moment, a WallScreen opposite my bed blinked to life. 
“I hope you are enjoying your accommodation, Newbies!” Regina’s voice trilled out. “It is now dinnertime so please return to the dining hall.”
I groaned. I wasn’t remotely hungry. In fact I still felt bloated from our last meal.  “Call Felix,” I instructed the Wall. Seconds later, Felix’s face filled the screen. His dark blonde hair was ruffled and his eyes were dozy; he must have fallen asleep too.
“Did you get the message, Fe?” I asked, my voice still croaky with sleep. Felix shook his head, his hair falling into its usual place. 
“Just missed it,” he said groggily, “What did old Regina have to say this time?”
“It’s dinner time.” 
Felix nodded, “Cool.”
“COOL?!” I squealed, “Are you kidding? I will explode! I have never been forced to eat so much in my life!” 
“Really?” Felix looked bemused, “I think I’m kinda hungry.”
I shook my head in disbelief, “You’re such a boy.”
Felix grinned and my stomach fluttered a little.
“A man, Avery. I am a man, not a boy.”
“Oh shut up.” I said, but I smiled.
“Shall I come pick you up on my way to dinner?” he asked,
“If you can manage to find me.”
“I’m a man,” he repeated, “Directions is what we do.” Felix flexed his muscles mockingly and grinned. I smirked and shook my head at his macho tone before ending the call. 
As I waited for Felix to arrive, I wondered whether we were expected to dress up for dinner. The dress that I was wearing form the ceremony was crumpled, seeing as I had taken a nap in it, so I made my way to the WallDrobe room. I told the WallScreen to ‘randomise’ an outfit, hoping that it knew the proper attire better than I did. The creepy Avery hologram was suddenly wearing a full-length pale yellow gown. No. Absolutely not. I clicked ‘randomise’ again, praying for a better outfit. I breathed a sigh of relief as the gown disappeared from the hologram, and in its place was a black playsuit. It was formal enough, with the neckline plunging into a V much lower than I would normally wear, but it was more to my taste than the yellow dress. I confirmed the outfit with the Wall and opened the draw below the screen to find the playsuit fully pressed and ready to wear. I threw it on quickly and checked my appearance in the mirror. My hair looked as though it had been electrocuted and there was smudged makeup all over my face. I sighed and threw on the same sandals I had worn that morning, before heading to the dreaded makeup station. 
I picked the first makeup look that the machine showed me. The arms reached out and dealt to my face in under a minute. The result was very natural, and looking in the mirror, I could barely tell I had any makeup on. Maybe the makeup station wasn’t so bad after all, I decided. 
Minutes later there was a knock on my door. “Come in!” I hollered whilst I was attempting to tame my unruly mane with a comb because I was still too scared to go near the hair station. 
Felix walked in.“Nice crib.” 
I stopped still. He had changed into a pale green shirt and black dress pants, with a matching suit jacket. He looked fantastic.
“Thanks,” I managed to choke out. Felix strolled in and plopped himself onto a pink furry armchair, and I managed to regain some composure, “Is your room the same?”
“Identical, except it is blue themed not pink.”
I nodded, “Do you think I need to change into more formal clothes too?” I asked, tugging unconfidently on the hem of my playsuit.
Felix shook his head “You look fine.”
Fine. That was all. Just fine. I sighed and gave up on my hair, tossing the comb onto the floor.  
“Let’s go.” 
We reached the dining room last out of the Newbies. No surprise, since the Primes probably used their newfound speed to get there. There were no two seats together so Felix sat next to the nasty blonde girl who had laughed at me earlier, and I sat next to Theo. 
“Avery,” he nodded curtly, before turning to face in the opposite direction. I was hurt by his cruel treatment, and I had no idea what I had ever done to hurt him. I had been unnerved at lunchtime, but I wasn’t going to let anyone treat me that way, no matter how handsome or charming.
“Okay, what is your deal?” I asked him. His attitude was starting to get on my nerves.
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” He looked me straight in the eye and my breath caught, his dark eyes scorching my own.
“You’re acting as though you don’t know me,” my voice was a loud whisper, but I needn’t have bothered considering everyone else in the room bar Felix had super-hearing. “Don’t you remember –“
“I remember just fine,” he interrupted.
“Well then why are you being so cold? I thought we were friends?” 
He laughed cruelly and shook his head. “Oh sure. Friends who get other friends’ parents fired from their jobs. Marked as Incompetent. Condemned to a life of slavery. Yeah, Avery Rose, some friend you were.”
I gasped. I hadn’t realised that my mother had not only fired Theo’s father, but also had the man marked as an Incompetent Norm. One who was immediately dropped to the bottom of the Norm rankings, forced into the worst jobs, and worked without rest. No wonder I had never seen Theo or his father again, if Mother had him and his father blacklisted to keep them away from me. Tears welled in my eyes and I slouched in my seat. No wonder he hated me. His father was a slave, and it was entirely my fault.
Everyone else at the table continued to chat, whilst Theo and I sat in awkward silence. I resolved to explain to Theo later, since I would rather not make a scene in front of a crowd. Instead I turned to the girl next to me. It was the goody-good brunette with the pencil skirt. 
“Hiya, I am Avery,” I held out my hand.
“I know,” she said prissily. I cringed internally. Of course she knew who I was. This was going to take a lot of adjusting. Back on Olympia no one gave me a second glance because they saw me everyday. But to these former Norms, I was the cover girl for Olympia, the face of everything that oppressed and dictated them at every move. Something out of the ordinary. Something to gawk at. Something to silently despise and envy in equal measure.
“Must be weird,” she said, noticing my reddened face.
“It is. I hate it.”
She cocked her head to one side and raised an eyebrow. “You hate the fame?” she asked disbelievingly.
I nodded. “Try having your entire life broadcast to a bunch of strangers against your will. Not so much fun.”
She shook her head in disbelief, “Wasn’t expecting that…”
“What do you mean?” I asked, “am I different on the WallScreen News?”
“You seem more… normal in real life. On the News you kind of come across as a…” her voice trailed off.
I laughed, “Oh I see,” I said, “You were expecting the properly behaved daughter of King and Queen Optime? Sorry to disappoint.” 
She frowned, “More like some stuck up princess. After all you are a Descendant.” 
I cringed. I hated that name and what it meant to these people. I knew that most Descendants were arrogant and rude. They treated Norms as though they were dirt, even though they were no different from them. We had never earned our Prime lives; we were only human.
“You’re not a Descendant anymore though. You might not even be a Prime after the trials. You might not even end up on Olympia.” 
She was just stating the facts but her words were too close to home. I shrunk down in my seat.
Theo frowned next to me. “I reckon she has a pretty good chance.” 
I was shocked that he was sticking up for me, and offered him a smile. 
His expression turned harsh and he responded to my smile with a hateful smirk, “I mean, we know that she has no trouble stepping on others to get whatever she wants.”
I flinched. Hurt.
“I reckon she has been so sheltered all her life that she doesn’t know how to do anything for herself. The first task might kill her,” the girl said to Theo, acting as though I weren’t in the room, let alone sitting right next to her. 
I had had enough of the taunting and teasing. There was no reason for these people to hate me. I turned to her and looked her up and down.“You don’t look like you’ve had it so bad yourself,” I said eyeing up her tidy attire and preened hair.
“You don’t know anything about me,” she sneered.
“Ditto,” I said, “You don’t know me at all.”
“I’ve watched you on the WallScreen News since you were born,” she retorted.
“And everything the WallScreen News says is true, right? The Labour Norms are thugs who are the only source of vandalism and criminal activity in the land? The Artistic Norms are brainless and deserve no say in any political activity? The Academic Norms need to be monitored because they are disobedient troublemakers that have a tendency to spark rebellion?” I reeled off the most common propaganda stories spread by our News.
Everyone knew the News was made by the Alphas. It regurgitated whatever the Alphas deemed to be newsworthy, and ignored everything else that was happening in the nation. 
The girl went quite and considered this for a moment. Then she reached out a hand.  “I’m Ellina, but call me El.” She offered a small, but genuine smile. I was thankful that she had ended the argument, so I took her hand and shook. 
“Avery,” I repeated my greeting.
“I know,” she replied, but this time she said it with a smile. I smiled back.
 The meal was another three-course affair. This time starting with a beet salad, followed by a huge slab of kingfish decorated with prawns and caviar, and ending with crème brulé. By the time I took my first mouthful of the rich dessert, I felt dangerously ill. I looked over at Felix who seemed to be having the same dilemma. He caught my eye and grimaced, before quickly shovelling the rest of his pudding into his mouth and swallowing. I looked down at mine; still about eight spoonfuls to go. Then I felt a tap on my arm. 
“Gonna eat that?” Theo pointed at my dessert. Eternally grateful, I slid it over to him. 
“Take it.”
“Too rich for you?” he asked, already two spoonfuls down.
“Mm,” I agreed. Accepting the excuse happily. 
Once our plates were cleared, Regina entered the room. “How were everyone’s afternoons?” She asked cheerily, and we all nodded. 
“Great!” she said. “But don’t get too used to it. Hard work starts tomorrow with a wake up call at dawn followed by a quick breakfast and then training at six.”
I blanched. I had forgotten that Primes barely need sleep. It was already eleven at night. 
“So everyone have a bit of down-time now. It’s lights off at midnight.” Regina waved and sauntered out of the room. Felix and I exchanged a worried glance. Tomorrow our secret was over. We were done. Feeling nauseous from a mixture of fear and too much food, I excused myself from the table and returned to my room. I called Felix on the WallScreen but he didn’t answer. I didn’t blame him for not wanting to talk. I lay on my bed and tried not to think of the next day, finally falling into a nightmare-filled slumber.
Felix shook me from my dark dreams. A look at the WallScreen opposite me told me it was 4:05 in the morning.  
“Go away Felix. Sleeping,” I mumbled groggily.
“Rise and shine, Ave. We gotta get outta here.” 
I blinked myself awake. Remembering where I was, my stomach twisted and I sat up. “Argh,” I managed.
“At least you slept,” Felix sighed, “I’ve been up all night planning and re-planning our escape.”
I looked him in the eye. He wasn’t joking.
“No way Fe.” I shook my head. “We can’t escape. It’s way too risky. We’d never get out alive. And even if we did, they’d track us down straight away.”
Felix frowned and his jaw tensed. He was angry. “The alternative is telling them what we did and being executed on the spot,” he said matter-of-factly.
I realised that he was right and rubbed my eyes, trying to wake myself up enough to understand whatever scheme Felix had conjured up. “What’s the plan?” I asked.
His anger gone immediately, Felix jumped off my bed, excited to share his ideas. 
“Well, at first I though we should fake sick, you know, like we used to do to get out of school back on Olympia, but I thought that might be a bit obvious if we both did it.” 
I nodded and he carried on. “So I figured that I could pull the sick card, and…” he trailed off. 
“And what?” I asked, knowing I wasn’t going to like this next part of the plan by his cautious tone.
“And… Well… Ave, I figured you could play the superiority card.”
“What do you mean?”
“You know…” he looked uncomfortable, “You are kind of a celebrity to these people. They used to be Norms. They expect you to be a brat…”
“You’re asking me to be nasty to them?” I asked, “How is that going to make any difference? Except for making them all hate me?”
“Well, if you refuse to train… pretend like you are above basic training because of your parents… then maybe… maybe you can get by just watching the training. They’d never know you have no powers.”
I shook my head vigorously. “Absolutely not, Felix. Eberyone will despise me. Plus, I can’t pull that off. Don’t you remember how much I sucked at drama back at school?”
Felix looked down-heartened. 
“What do you suggest, then?” he asked.
I hadn’t thought about it. I had just planned on being found out eventually, and then accepting the consequences. Felix of course, was not such a coward, and had actually come up with a way out. It was a flawed plan, but it was a plan nonetheless. I realised I had nothing to lose. 
Felix lightly touched my leg and I jolted, and then blushed when he quickly retracted his hand. “So … Uh… What do you say to my master plan?” 
There was no alternative option. “Lets give it a shot,” I said. Felix grinned and jumped off the bed. He began pacing my room.  
“Great. So the next leg of the plan, after we get out of training…”
“If we get out of training,” I interjected.
“Think positively,” he said, “When we get out of training, they’re going to send us to the initiation destination, where we will start the first trial. Now, from what I remember, Hercules’ first trial was something to do with a lion.”
I nodded; we had learnt this at school. “Right,” I said. “He had to fight and kill that big lion.”
“That’s about all I know too,” he groaned. “Why did we never listen?”
“Because school sucked.” 
“Anyway, Hercules had to do twelve tasks. I don’t know the details but I can remember the basic idea behind most of them. The problem is, I have no idea if we are meant to complete the tasks in the same way Hercules did, or if we are meant to figure out our own method.”
“Knowing what the tasks are isn’t going to help much, Fe. They are going to be impossible for us to complete. They’re made for Primes and we have no powers.”
Felix nodded. “I know. The risk is high. The good news though, is that the first of his tasks was the lion.” 
I stared my friend down incredulously. “How on earth is the task of fighting a lion to the death a good thing, Felix? I’ve never fought, let alone killed, anything in my life!”
Felix laughed. “We’re not going up against the lion, Ave. We’d be dead in seconds. The good news is that the lions will be placed in their natural habitat. I imagine we will be stationed be in a jungle…” 
I didn’t understand. “Why is being deployed to a jungle a good thing for us?”
“Because,” Felix continued, “Think of how many places we can hide in a jungle. Plus there are heaps of resources to live off. We can use trees for shelter, hunt for food, streams for water.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “Felix. We have been living the high life all our lives. Our food is served to us, fully prepared, out of a Wall at the push of a button. There is no way we can survive in the jungle. Neither of us knows anything about survival.”
Felix looked hurt. “I kinda do. I watched a documentary once.”
“A documentary is not going to cut it, Fe. It was a good plan, but they’ll track us down straight away. And even if they don’t, we will die from starvation or hypothermia or, you know, death by lion. We can't survive in the jungle,” I said, crossing my arms to let him know I was serious.
“We’re not going to live in the jungle forever! We will just hide there until it’s safe. Then we will change our names, change our appearance, and we will run away.” 
At this point I was close to tears, feeling stupid for only moments ago having hope that we might survive. Our nation was small, and security was meticulous, thanks to my father and the other Alphas. There was nowhere to run or hide. But looking up at Felix’s face and seeing how hopeful he was, I decided not to kill his buzz. 
“Why not?” I smiled, with what I hoped was a bit of confidence. “We might as well see if it works. We have nothing to lose.”
Felix turned to my WallScreen and opened the WallDrobe. He started scrolling through the endless clothing options until he reached the floor length, pale yellow coloured gown that I had vetoed the night before. 
“No,” I said.
“Yes.”
“No Felix. I am serious. I cannot wear that to training.”
“You’re not training, remember,” he smiled cheekily.
“But everyone will hate me!”
“They’re going to hate you anyway, love.” He patted my hair, and I slumped. This was not going to be fun. I nodded in resignation and he dashed over to the WallDrobe and retrieved the gown that the Wall had prepared and discharged. He threw it in my direction and it landed on my head.
“Suit up, Ave, I’ll see you down there.” He turned and left my room.
After a painfully long hour of primping and preening to make myself look the part of a spoilt tyrant, I was finally ready. I had strapped some golden Greek sandals to my feet and used my hair station to achieve ringlets out of my usually uncontrollable mane. I took one last look in the mirror, hating myself for agreeing to Felix’s ridiculous plan, and left for training.

 
Chapter 14

When I arrived at the training arena, everyone else was already there. I had planned to arrive ten minutes late, to add to my prima donna character. Every pair of eyes in the room was on me as I entered the training arena. They stared, their expressions full of mixed reaction to my unconventional attire. Shock, confusion, bewilderment and disgust. I sauntered into the room and joined the group, twinkling my fingers in the wave that I saw my mother use daily.
Theo smirked. “It’s training, babe, not a beauty contest.” 
I struggled to maintain composure. 
“Hee hee,” I gave a pathetically shallow giggle, once again aping my mother. “Oh this?” I asked in an unnaturally high-pitched croon, waving a hand down at my dress. “I just threw it on!” I gave an exaggerated wink. 
Theo smirked again, but his brow was set in a confused frown. 
Ellina’s eyes widened when she saw me. “What the…” 
“Good morning, good morning my angels!” Regina interrupted as she entered the room. Upon seeing my get-up she cocked her head to one side, “Aren’t you looking… Err, lovely?” She touched my shoulder. “You do realise this is training for your tests, dear?”
This was it. I tried to remember what my drama teacher had preached, and wished that I had spent more time listening and less time mocking her pink afro. I looked over at Felix, who was looking at the ground, purposefully avoiding my gaze. Become your character. That is what my drama teacher had said over and over. So I took a deep breath and thrust my nose into the air, causing my ringlets to bounce haughtily.  
“Look Reg,” I began, “Can I call you that? Reg?” 
Regina looked befuddled. 
“You see, Reg,” I carried on without waiting for an answer, “I grew up on the uppermost point of Olympia, I am sure you know that, and I am also sure you know who my parents are.” 
“Of course I do. However...” Regina started.
“Ahem.” I butted in. “Right. And because of my... Uh... My status. I am sure you’ll understand that I do not need the training that these… these… these mere Norms need.”
Theo grunted. “You’ve got to be kidding!.” he mumbled.
I turned to him, squinting my eyes as though I was seeing a piece of trash where he stood. “Do you have a problem with me, NORM?” I cringed at my own pretentiousness.
His face reddened, “You’re insane! None of us are Norms, Avery. That’s why we’re here. What makes you think you're better than any of us, anyway? I knew you were going to be like this. You’re just as conceited and arrogant as the rest of them.”  
His words hurt, but I carried on as if I hadn’t heard him and turned back to Regina with my nose in the air. “I am certain that I’m already talented enough to pass the tests, and come top of the class for that matter. And I fully intend to do so. Then I will claim the very house that my parents and I have resided in for my whole life, and take over my mother’s position as chair of the Olympia Social Board. And I will do all of this without any of your ridiculous, pathetic training.” I crossed my arms over my chest defiantly.
Ellina started laughing. The others joined in. I felt like an idiot. I hated myself, and everything I was doing. I had spent my whole life vowing not to become my mother yet now I was campaigning her views. I was disrespecting those that society saw as below me, but I knew to be my equals, but now were absolutely my moral superiors. 
“Well, Ms Optime, if that is really what you want then I guess you can sit out during training sessions, after all, it will be your loss when it comes to the tests.”
I breathed a sigh of relief and looked over to Felix, who wiped a line of sweat from his forehead. Then I gave Regina a tight smile. 
“Fabulous,” I said, before flicking my hair and gliding over to a chair at one side of the arena, where I sat, and began to inspect my nails as my mother did instinctively at any moment of slight discomfort.
Regina began to brief the others on their training schedule, and I wondered when Felix was going to pull his big stunt. The first step of training was going to be basic survival skills. I cursed. I should have waited until after that lesson before I bailed on the training. Felix must have been thinking along the same lines because he had not yet showed any signs of fake sickness. A group of five uniformed Norms entered the room, and Regina introduced them as the trainers, each specializing in a different area of our training. 
The trainer who specialized in basic survival asked the group to sit as he distributed textbooks to them all. 
“Please read your books now. I will quiz you on them in twenty minutes. By then you should have finished reading.” The instructor motioned to the thick book. I rolled my eyes. The Primes had photographic memories, and would manage to recall the entire book after only flicking through the pages and quickly skim reading each page. I prayed for Felix to concentrate. Although, watching Felix attempt to imitate the others, who were scanning their pages in five seconds apiece, I lost hope. There was no way he was actually reading anything at that speed. 
After everyone had finished reading, which was only fifteen minutes later, the instructor started by explaining different weather extremities and how to deal with them. He spoke quickly, expanding on what the group had already read. Something about the difference between hypo- and hyperthermia. Something about the tell-tale precursors of a tropical storm. He spoke too much too fast. 
I pretended to be pondering the roof pattern when the instructor started talking about poisons. He talked about carbon and its ability to treat poison by oral ingestion. He pulled out a box of activated charcoal to show the Primes what it looked like. He gave the box to Ellina to pass around the circle. When the box reached Felix, I watched him take a handful of the charcoal, and sift the pieces through his fingers before passing the box on.
“Charcoal is useful for preventing poison absorption but not against ingested metals such as sodium, potassium, lithium, alcohols and glycols,” the instructor was reeling off in a monotonous tone. I tried to remember the names of some poisons and what they looked like, but it was hopeless. I had never listened in school. I never thought I would need to know any of this, because of my predetermined future on Olympia. Descendants were required to attend school, just like the Norms in the Fields, but there was no reason for our attendance. There was no further education or career after graduations. We lived the lives of retirees, spending our days doing whatever we liked without a care in the world. School was merely a formality of the law, and I had known that once I graduated I would be able to forget everything I had learned without any serious implications. Oh how I was wrong. 
 I looked over at Felix, who had always been smart at school. He didn’t need to try hard to get good results and he spent most of his time in class doodling rude pictures and mocking our teachers. Now he looked like he was hanging onto every word that the instructor was saying. As I watched him, he turned discreetly to look at me out of the corner of his eye, and then flicked his hand in my direction, as though he were swatting a fly, before turning back to the instructor. I noticed a tiny object fling out of his hand and fly in my direction. Neither the Primes nor the instructor seemed to have noticed Felix’s lapse in concentration. I frowned, scanned the ground, and spotted a small black stick. The charcoal. He must have taken a piece when he had been holding the box. The stick was just out of my reach. I stretched my foot out as far as it would go, and managed to touch the charcoal with my toes. Slowly, I rolled the stick towards me. I looked up to see if anyone had witnessed the action, but the Newbies all had their eyes trained on the instructor. No one had noticed. I bent down, as though examining my pedicure, and quickly picked up the charcoal. I looked up to find that Theo was staring at me, his head cocked to one side and his dark hair flopped into one eye. He was perfect. I started to smile, and then remembered myself just in time. I was playing the brat, and the brat would not smile. Instead I raised my eyebrows at him in a condescending manner and turned my smile into what I hoped was a cold smirk, before returning to my original fingernail examining position. When I looked up again he had turned back to the speaker. I sighed in relief. That had been a close call. 
The trainer had now moved on to discussing ways other than charcoal to rid the body of drugs, “… Cleanse the bowel with polyethylene glycol solution for lithium, iron, ingested drugs…” His voice was so boring I was nearly falling asleep.
“Excuse me.” 
My attention was sparked when Theo spoke up, and I began to concentrate again.
“Yes, Newbie?” The instructor pointed at Theo’s raised hand.
“I was just wondering. You said that polyethylene glycol and activated charcoal could rid the system of ingested drugs.”
“Yes…” nodded the instructor.
“Well, isn’t the Cure an ingested drug?”
“Yes I would say so.”
“Then can’t anyone become un-Cured?”
The instructor shook his head, “Good question. Actually, many years ago, when I was giving this very lecture a young man asked the very same thing!” The instructor squinted as though he was trying to remember something. Then his eyes widened and scanned the room to meet my gaze. 
He raised his finger and pointed at me. “The young man was your father.”
My mouth dropped open. I quickly snapped it shut again, trying to maintain my bratty act. Instead I shrugged nonchalantly and rolled my eyes, “So what?” 
“Well, it actually became a scandal of sorts,” the trainer said, “Because the very next year, five people managed to evade the Cure. Those five people took the pill and then washed it down with a stash of charcoal, which they had hidden on their person. The Norms were from the Scientific Field and were manufacturing the charcoal for medical purposes. Anyway, it worked. The Cure was ineffective and the five remained human.”
“You’re not saying my father had anything to do with it, are you?” I asked, my voice coming out colder than I expected.
“No no no!” The trainer held up his hands, “Of course not. King Apolleon would never! It is quite a coincidence, though.”
I decided to let it slide.
“So what happened to the five? How did they get found out?” Theo ignored my interference.
“They tried to escape during their Prime initiation. Every single one of them was caught,” the trainer said, “They were sent to Tartarus prison and no one ever saw them again.”
I shuddered. Felix met my eye. His were filled with fear. 

 
Chapter 15

Having finished his lecture on toxins and weather dangers, the instructor left the room and the second teacher came in. She was a middle-aged woman from the uppermost ranks of the Labour Field. The academic section of her brain hadn’t been turned to total mush, like it did for most Labour Norms, so she was educated on basic survival skills that involved physical activity. She briefly went over how to find water and food in the wilderness, as well as how to navigate directions. I tuned out. It was hard for me to listen in without being obvious. 
After the theoretical part of her lesson, she asked for the group to stand up. She told the Newbies that she was going to help them utilise their new bodies in the most effective way. She pointed up to the ceiling at the far end of the arena. I looked up and saw a complex system of ropes and pulleys that I hadn’t noticed before. The ceiling was high and there were no safety nets.
“First we will be working on your balance skills, “she said motioning to Ellina, “Ladies first.”
Ellina looked worried, but nodded.  
“Your senses are heightened, and your balance is impeccable. Although you may find this scary to start with, because you have not yet utilised this new improved skill, once you are aware of your perfect balance, you will be entirely at ease with heights.” 
Ellina nodded again, “What do I do?” 
The instructor pointed to a swinging ladder at one side of the room, “Just climb up and follow the rope matrix,” she pointed to the other side of the room where there was another ladder “and you’ll come down this side once you have completed the course.” 
“Are there any harnesses or… or helmets?” 
The instructor laughed. “Trust me, you don’t need a harness.”
 Ellina walked over to the ladder hesitantly. She placed a foot on the lowest rung and turned back to the group. Theo pulled an encouraging ‘thumbs up’ and Ellina began to climb. With every step her climbing quickened, until Ellina was scaling the ladder with ease. Upon reaching the top she stood on the platform, her lip was quivering nervously.  “You’re fine,” said the instructor. 
She took a tentative step onto the rope, and then another one, her arms out to her sides like a trapeze artist. At this point she paused, and her face lit up in an excited grin. She lowered her arms and began strolling across the rope as though it were a simple pavement. She completed the matrix in a matter of seconds and swung off the rope onto the ladder with ease.  
“That was great!” she said with a laugh.  Axil moved towards the ladder, eager to take the next turn. As he completed the course I looked to Felix, who was frowning, deep in thought. I wondered how he was going to get out of this. 
Finally, only Felix was left. He moved towards the ladder, and climbed it swiftly, almost as gracefully as the Primes had. He stepped out onto the platform and looked down at me. I shot him a quizzical look that I hoped said, ‘What are you thinking you total moron? Get down from there!’ 
I saw his mouth twitch in a little smile. Then he began swaying, his eyelids drooping, and he started to take deep, heaving breaths. He was obviously putting on a show, but none of the other Primes were watching. They were all standing in a group chatting excitedly. I had to do something.  
“Um,” I said. Everyone went quiet and looked over at me. “I don’t think he is okay!” I said, pointing up at Felix who was still swaying on the platform.  Theo cursed and ran over to the ladder.  
“You alright up there, man?” he yelled up at Felix. Felix did one last violent sway to the left. Then he toppled off the platform and fell from the ceiling, flailing like a ragdoll. I screamed, unable to keep my composure, and leapt off my seat. Theo snatched Felix out of the air without hesitation and lowered him to the ground, before kneeling next to him. Felix kept his eyes shut. I sat back down, hoping that no one had noticed my out-of-character outburst in the commotion. 
The instructor motioned for everyone to calm down, 
“Not to worry, not to worry,” she said, “Often if a Prime had a crippling fear of something, such as heights, in their Norm life, they still experience panic attacks in their Newbie days.”
I exhaled the breath I had been holding since Felix climbed the ladder. Another near miss. The instructor shook Felix awake and gave him directions to the nurse. Felix made a convincing show of getting to his feet shakily and leaving the room with an embarrassed grimace. 
As soon as he left, the instructor announced that breakfast was served in the dining room, so I stood and followed the Primes out of the arena. No one dropped back to walk with me, no one even turned to check if I was coming. 
I was last to reach the dining room. There were two chairs left empty, one for me and one for Felix. I walked towards the chair beside Ellina and she made no effort to hide her groan of disproval. I sat down and stared straight ahead in silence whilst the Primes talked animatedly amongst themselves about their newfound balance. 
The same serving children from the day before came out carrying plates and placed them in front of us. Eva gave my hand a discrete pat and smiled at me shyly. I smiled back and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. Then I froze. That was way out of character. I looked around the table, but the only person who seemed to have noticed was Theo. He looked perplexed but avoided my gaze, quickly looking down at his meal. 
We had been served a towering stack of pancakes drizzled in syrup and topped with a little swirl of cream. On the side were a variety of berries, which had been dusted in icing sugar, and arranged in a flower shape. It was beautiful. 
Just as the children were leaving the room, Felix entered and sat next to me quietly. He slid a small tube from his pocket and into my hand. I glanced down at the object, it was a pill canister labelled ‘Anxiety’. I stuffed the tube of pills down the front of my dress before anyone noticed, and hoped that it wasn’t visible under the fabric. Then I couldn’t help grinning in relief. I glanced at Felix out of the corner of my eye and he winked. All was well, for now.
We finished our meals and went back to training for the rest of the day. I observed, trying to absorb everything I could, whilst attempting to appear disinterested. Felix now sat beside me, after explaining he needed to recover from the panic attack. We were silent; today had been far too risky.  
After dinner Felix and I walked back to my room, ready for a long night of planning our escape the next day. 
We sat cross-legged on the floor in the living room section of my suite. I had gathered a heap of books and paper from the library, along with a range of stationery. I had also programmed the WallScreen to delivery us piping hot coffee every hour, on the hour. I appointed myself as the reader, because that was one of my very few talents. Felix listened as I flicked through the books reading out any helpful information about the tests that we were about to face. 
The only helpful books were those on Greek mythology and classical studies, though there were a lot of these, as everyone knew the Prime tests paralleled Hercules’ labours. I dictated details of the tasks to Felix and he bullet pointed them on the spare paper. After three hours we had an extensive list of points that neither of us could see as very helpful. We needed a way out of the tasks, not a way to complete them. All we knew was that tomorrow we were going up against a mutant lion with an impenetrable coat. No doubt it would be genetically engineered to make it more of a challenge for the Newbies’ enhanced strength. To complete the task we would need to battle and defeat the beast, which we both knew would be impossible. Felix was trying to lighten the situation by making jokes, but neither of us was laughing. We both knew our chances of surviving the first task were slim. And then we had to face another eleven. 


Chapter 16

I woke with a start, and sat bolt upright. I rubbed my eyes and looked around the study, disoriented.  Felix was snoring next to me, a book laid open on his face. We had fallen asleep whilst we had been studying our action plan. I realized with a jolt of excitement, that Felix had his hand laid over mine. Then I shook my head. No time to think about such trivial matters when we were meant to be fighting for our lives. 
“Fe,” I patted his shoulder, “Wake up.”
Felix groaned and stretched his arms over his head, releasing my hand, and unaware that he had ever been holding it. “What the…” he groaned, “Ave? What time is it?”
I checked the WallScreen. Six. In the morning. Our task was in three hours. Felix grimaced and then jumped into action. He scooped the plans off the floor and flipped through them. 
He started to quiz me. “So what are we doing to try and not get killed today?” he asked.
“Um,” I tried to recall the plan we had made last night. “We are going to get flown to location, then we are going to be given the criteria. We are going to try our best to go first and second out of the group. Then we will run in opposite directions for exactly two hundred average sized steps. By this time, the next two Primes will have been released, so attention will be on them. We will both stop running after the two hundred steps, turn around 180 degrees and run back in our original direction.”
“Right,” agreed Felix. “ By that time we will hopefully be able to see each other. Then we can start looking around for a place to hide. Once we get to a safe spot, we will start on the next part of the plan.”
“People will suspect us Fe. We wont be running fast enough.”
”They’ll just think we are jogging,” Felix replied.
I shook my head. We were so going to die.
“What about the massive genetically engineered lion that is meant to be on the loose?”
“Don’t get eaten,” said Felix with a grin that more resembled a grimace. 
I swallowed and took a deep breath. We had come up with the most flawed plan I had ever heard.
We were still racing around my room getting ready an hour later, when we were called for breakfast. I quickly tore a brush through my hair while Felix splashed water over his face. Eva came and knocked on the door. The others were waiting for us at the dining table. I asked her to send our apologies and say that we would be down in a minute. 
Then I turned to Felix, “Let’s get out battle gear on.”
He led me into the WallDrobe and chose my outfit first. A pale pink summer dress. 
“Absolutely not.” I swiped the Wall until a more suitable outfit appeared and pressed the ‘accept outfit’ button. I got dressed into my black leggings and matching black thermal, before throwing black hoody on over top. 
“That’s not exactly keeping up the façade Ave,” Felix said.
“The act is up, Fe. It doesn’t matter what the others think of me. We just need to focus on surviving now.”
He considered my logic for a second, before nodding and dressing himself in cargo pants and a black pullover. We both donned hiking boots and I scooped my unruly curls into a high ponytail, ignoring the makeup station entirely. As we were about to exit the room I remembered the stick of charcoal and the pill canister from the day before. I rushed back to my bedroom and managed to find the items amongst the heap that yesterday’s dress was in. I retrieved them from the floor and tucked both the objects into the pocket of my hoody. Then I followed Felix out of the room.
When we arrived at breakfast everyone was already seated. They turned to look at us, and I noticed that all eyes fell on me. No wonder, since I wasn’t exactly looking the part of the prima donna princess they remembered from yesterday. I ignored their eyes and took a seat next to Theo. Felix went to the other vacant seat beside Ellina on the other side of the table. Theo continued to stare directly at me. With a surge of confidence and pure irritation I fixed my eyes onto his.
“What are you staring at?”
Theo quickly looked away. “To be honest, I have no idea,” he murmured. Without any time for me to consider his words, Regina swooped into the room humming an annoyingly high-pitched tune and swishing her poufy gold skirt. I rolled my eyes involuntarily.
“Good morning kiddies! How are you all?” 
Without waiting for an answer she continued, “All ready for your first task? Don’t worry, it’ll be a breeze!” 
I scowled, knowing that it most certainly would not be a breeze. 
The children carried us our breakfasts, removing the lids from an array of silver platters to reveal stacks of French toast drenched in golden maple syrup, piles of hash browns and freshly toasted ciabatta loaf, crisp bacon, and eggs that oozed fluorescent yellow when the yolk was pierced. I couldn’t help but morbidly think of the last supper. 
As we ate, Regina spoke. “Alrighty dumplings. Straight after breakfast we will head off to the HoverCopter in the left wing. You will all board the same Copter and fly to the same destination. From that point you will be driven away from the landing area. Each of you will be dropped in a different location, meaning you will start the tasks alone. You may make alliances and work together, although this is highly discouraged, as only one Prime can win the tasks overall, and only one Prime can have their first choice of position on Olympia.” 
I caught Felix’s eye and he winced. Our plan was toast. 
“As you all already know, your first task will be facing a lion, based on the Nemean Lion that Hercules faced in his first labour.” 
Phew. I breathed a silent sigh of relief. At least we got one part of the plan right. 
“So you know that for your first task you will be capturing said lion. There are seven lions, so you must catch one each, and you must battle and defeat the beast.” 
The Primes fidgeted restlessly, as though they couldn’t wait to get started.
“And to prove that you have completed the task, you’ll need to use the lion to create a cloak. You will be able to carry this cloak as a keepsake, and I highly suggest you do so.”
At the thought of skinning the animal, I shuddered again and bile rose up my throat, I couldn’t do it. I hesitantly raise my hand.
“Yes Avery-Rose?”
“What if we don’t create the cloak?” 
“Ah, I see,” Regina smiled. “Don’t want to get out hands dirty do we? Well, you get bonus points for making the cloak of course, however if you would rather not, I do understand, you’ll just lose out in the rankings.”
I nodded, and Regina continued,
“Oh and I almost forgot! There is a catch. The lion is impenetrable by most materials. You can figure that one out for yourself though.” Regina winked and smiled in an overly cheerful way considering we were about to go into battle with beasts.
By this time, everyone had finished eating. My plate remained piled high with food. I had entirely lost my appetite. 
Regina made an exaggerated gesturing motion, “Let’s hop aboard then Newbies!” She let out one of her irritating giggles as we stood and followed her from the room.
After winding our way through the maze of glass hallways and mostly empty rooms, we wound up at the boarding room for the HoverCopter that would fly us to the task location. 
By this point my teeth were chattering uncontrollably despite the carefully temperature-controlled air conditioning in the building. Felix had to nudge me multiple times when the chattering became especially vocal, as we sat waiting to be boarded. After what seemed like hours, Regina received a WallScreen call from the pilot.
“The Copter is ready when you are Ms Quaint.” 
The pilot gave the rest of us a formal nod, “Good luck, Newbies.” He did not smile or laugh when he wished us luck as Regina kept doing, and I loved him for that.
The WallScreen went black and Regina turned to address us. 
“This is it, team,” she giggled, “This is where I leave you.” She lifted her perfectly manicured hand to her lips and blew us an exaggerated kiss. I had to stop myself from reaching out and slapping her smug face. 
 Theo led the way through the door with a confident stride, and we all exited the boarding room after him, making our way along an over-bridge and out onto a HoverCopter pad. The aircraft was painted bright red, and was five times the size of my family’s own HoverCopter. It was already floating a meter in the air it had a pilot, who sat ready to take off, in the front of the cabin. My legs stopped moving. Felix gave me a shove, but my feet remained glued to the floor so I fell forwards. He caught me before I fell and dragged me over to the Copter, before boosting me onto the floating platform. 
There were only eight seats, with two on each side and four rows. Given there were seven of us, we nearly filled the whole vehicle. Felix and I sat together; he didn’t look at me. Instead he just stared straight ahead, biting his lip and blinking more often than usual. I reached for his hand to comfort him. He snapped out of his trance, and gave me a poor attempt at a smile. Without any form of safety message the Copter began to move, slowly at first, just hovering above the ground, before rapidly picking up height as it lifted into the air, the blades underneath the cabin were spinning rapidly and making a deafening whirring noise. The glass shield extended overhead, and encircled us as we rose. Finally we reached altitude, and the whirring calmed down. We stopped ascending and, with a less than smooth transition, we lurched forwards, moving quickly away from the HoverCopter landing pad. Felix’s grip became tight, suffocating, but I didn’t release his hand. What had we done?


Chapter 17

After flying for what seemed like the briefest five hours of my life came the dreaded message from the pilot. We were descending for landing. By the time the HoverCopter bumped and settled onto the landing pad, Felix had beads of sweat rolling down his forehead, and our hands were slimy against each other’s skin. I didn’t care. He was all I had keeping me sane. We disembarked the aircraft down a set of metal stairs and stood in a group on the tarmac. 
In front of us were three black HoverCars. On Olympia we only used Copters to travel longer distances, generally when we were visiting the Fields. The rest of the time we used HoverCars to travel within Olympia. I assumed this meant we would only be travelling a short distance in the Cars. A suited driver was standing next to each sleek black vehicle. The machines had four wheels, but they only touched the ground for landing. Otherwise the Car hovered a foot above the ground as it travelled. The drivers held whiteboards with names listed on them as to what passengers they would be taking. I scanned the boards nervously, searching for my name. I looked to Felix, my lips curving up in a way they hadn’t in a very long time. Felix was already trying to catch my eye, returning my smile; Fidus and Optime were together.
We clambered into the car, amazed at our good luck and petrified that it had now run out. The windows of the vehicle were entirely blacked out, so we could not see our surroundings. 
The driver started the engine and the HoverCar rose into the air slightly. I found the usual switch on the roof of the Car’s interior and flipped it, closing the screen between the driver and the backseat.  Once a wall separated us from the driver and concealed us in our own compartment, we decided to rehash our plan, still whispering in case there were listening devices hidden in the car. We decided it was most likely that Felix would be dropped first, because his name came before mine on the whiteboard, but we had no idea how far the driver would travel, or in which direction he would go before he dropped me. 
We had to scrap our old plan completely, now that we weren’t going to be dropped in the same place. Felix eventually came up with the bright idea of trying to reach water. He was sure that we would be dropped in some sort of forest, to fit the lions’ natural habitat, and said that in order to survive, the lions would need some sort of water source. I nodded along, although I wasn’t sure that the mutant lions needed any hydration to live. He suggested we both attempt to travel towards the body of water closest to us. I didn’t ask how, because I knew he didn’t know the answer. He continued, saying that once we found the water we should wait until we heard a lion, and travel in that direction with the hope that the other was moving towards the same lion. The plan was farfetched and I didn’t dare asked what would happen once we reached the lion, but it was all we had. 
The driver eventually slowed to a stop and lowered the separation shield. 
“This is you, Mr Fidus.” 
Felix wrapped his arms around me, his eyes wild with nerves, and squeezed me so hard that I thought I might pass out. When he released me he looked into my eyes, and in a crazy moment of fear, he leaned forward and touched his mouth ever so lightly to mine. He then slid out of the Car and slammed the door shut.
I reached for my temples. So many emotions were at war in my head that my brain felt as though it were pulsating. I steadied myself. Forget the kiss Avery. I was sure that it was just a good luck kiss. Or a please-don’t-die kiss. But I wasn’t sure that I wanted it to be either of those types of kisses. I shook myself. No, Avery. I knew he didn’t feel that way for me. I needed to forget about it. 
Instead I channeled my concentration into remembering the plan, and tried to count the seconds starting from when the driver took off again from Felix’s drop off point. I guessed that we were travelling at about a hundred kilometers an hour, but that was a stab in the dark based on minimal experience riding in a Car. On Olympia I usually walked everywhere, the populated part of the mountain was only a small place, and I had never ventured further down the mountain than the town outskirts. I reached one thousand, eight hundred and nineteen seconds before we stopped again. I guessed that equalled about half an hour of driving. I did some of the quickest maths I had ever done. At an estimated 100km/h that would mean that we had travelled fifty kilometers. There was no hope in me finding Felix. We had no idea what direction the other was in, and even if we managed to somehow move in that exact direction, we would be walking for 25 kilometers each before intercepting. The driver opened my door and reached for my hand, pulling me from the car.
“How are you feeling?” he asked in an unexpectedly kind voice. I guessed he must have noticed my trembling, clammy palm. I looked up to meet his eye and realized that they were almost the exact shade of my mother’s. A woman who I loved despite her shallowness, and a woman who I would never see again. A tear rolled down my cheek and I swiped at it with my free hand. The driver pulled me into a hug. I wanted so badly to tell him why I was crying. But for all he knew, I was just another Prime. He probably thought I was crying with excitement. He held me tight and I began to wonder why he was hugging me so intimately. Then I heard a muffled voice in my ear.  
“You’re bloody stupid Ms Optime. Bloody stupid.” I jumped at his voice in my ear, but managed to maintain the embrace. “But you’re also bloody brave, and I appreciate that someone finally has the courage to fight the system. Your friend is about fifteen kilometers towards the east. It’ll only take you an hour to reach him if you run. I told him to stay still.” 
My mouth dropped open. How did he know my secret? And surely if he knew my secret, then the Alphas knew too! I wanted to ask him how he discovered that I was human but he released me from the hug. He still held my hands so I squeezed them in thanks, a questioning look in my eye. He popped the trunk of the HoverCar and pulled out a backpack. He rushed around to his door and retrieved a piece of paper and a pen. He quickly scrawled down some words and stuffed the paper into the pack. He looked around nervously and handed the bag to me,
“Every Newbie receives a pack. It should come in handy.” He winked, turned away from me, got back into the Car, and sped away. 
I stood still until I could no longer hear the HoverCar engine. The backpack in my hands was light. Too light to be carrying anything other than the note the driver had written. I turned it upside down. Only the paper fell out. I un-scrunched the note and saw a sentence written in a barely legible scrawl. The driver had written ‘I scrambled your voices by turning on car music. Your secret is safe for now. Be careful they are listening. Don’t give up. You will have support.’
I shook my head in amazement. The driver had heard us talking. That meant he knew our secret. But the note suggested he was on our side. I mentally thanked him, hoping that the thanks might reach him telepathically. For the first time since Felix’s ploy at the Cure ceremony I felt a twinge of hope. If a driver wanted to rebel against the hierarchy, then who knew how many people out there were willing to take a risk to fight the system. Maybe if we could get enough support, we could try to break Olympia and the reign of the Primes. Still, I knew there wasn’t anything I could do until I finished the tasks. And the chances of my survival were very slim. 


Chapter 18

I finally managed to stop my mind from envisaging a future rebellion, and began to evaluate my surroundings. Trees. Felix was right. We were in a forest. I could even hear water running somewhere near, so the first plan could have worked out. But the driver had said to travel east, and my gut instinct told me to trust him. I started walking to my right, taking about five steps before stopping. I knew the basic compass points and that, on paper, east pointed to the right. I had learnt at least that much from my tutors, but I had no idea what direction was east from where I was standing. I looked around for clues. Nothing. I sat down on the forest floor, crunching the dried leaves beneath me and looked around. I was in a clearing of some sort, with the trees becoming denser to my left, and less dense to my right. It would be smarter to travel away from the trees, because the thick forest looked very dark. But I had to follow the plan. It was my only chance at finding Felix. I was praying that he had taken the driver’s advice to stand still. That would mean he was waiting for me, some fifteen kilometres to the east, wherever that was. 
I tried to recall my classes, wishing I had listened properly, but couldn’t remember anything about interpreting directions. I wondered if maybe I should just try to find the water, and hope that Felix would decide to follow our original plan when I failed to show up. As I has been sitting, struggling to decide what the best course of action would be, the light had faded significantly, the sun lowering behind the densest cluster of trees. I began to panic. Once it was dark I would never find Felix. With a newfound determination, I stood up. If I was going to die, it certainly wasn’t going to be alone.  
After standing on the spot, pondering my options for another long while, I decided to head for the water even though that meant venturing into the thickest part of the forest. At least if I got to a water source I would be able to survive, and I was sure Felix would find me eventually. The trees became denser as I followed my ears, walking towards the sound of trickling water. Even though I was moving towards the setting sun, the thick foliage blocked out the majority of the light. Soon I would be completely engulfed in darkness. The sun kept sinking lower in the sky. I had never felt very comfortable in the dark, so I sped up, stumbling over tree roots and tripping on the uneven ground. To calm my anxiety, I sung as I moved, humming quietly to myself. The only song that my mother would let Louisa sing to me as a child: 
“Go to sleep my darling, 
It’s time to rest your head,
The sun is calling it a day
You too should go to bed,
The sleepy sun is sinking, 
Into its bed out west,
So you should go to sleep now too
I think that would be best…”
I hummed the tune over and over, a broken record trying to hypnotize myself into a calmed trance as I moved. I must have been on my twentieth repeat of the verse when I reached the word “west”. Then I stopped in my tracks. West. How could I have been so stupid? I had been singing about directions for the last twenty minutes. Repeating the answer to my dilemma over and over. I looked up at the deep orange glow that seeped through the thick canopy of leaves in front of me. I had been moving in the direction of the sun. 
I sung the song again “into its bed out west;” if the sun was setting behind the trees, that meant that they were to the west. I turned towards the clearer section of the forest and started to run, fast, away form the sun and towards the east. Towards Felix. I wasn’t particularly fit, but I had always been active, so I was able to keep a reasonable pace for forty minutes. By this time the sky was almost black. The forest was becoming denser again, and I had to start dodging trees as I ran. After about an hour of running, I doubted I had travelled fifteen kilometres, and I couldn’t see anything. I slowed to a quick walk, continuing in the same direction, and after another five minutes I began to call Felix’s name. I knew it was a stupid move since there were lions on the loose, but I was exhausted and terrified of spending the night alone. I received no answer. As I walked on, tears began to pour down my face, and my throat soon became raw from screaming Felix’s name. Finally, exhausted and alone, I sunk to my knees on the forest floor. 
The foliage was denser than ever and my feet were in agony. I prised my sneakers off and nearly yelled from pain as I stretched my feet. I had blisters the size of bottle caps covering the soles of my feet, some burst, some swollen, all painful. If I wanted to walk any further I knew the blisters needed to be pierced, but the risk of infection was high in an unsterile forest. Remembering that I had hastily tamed my hair with a handful of bobby pins earlier, I slid one from my head, releasing a blonde tendril that fell over my eyes. I tucked the curl behind my ear and tore at the nib of the hairclip with my teeth. Finally the end of the clip came off and I had a tool that would be adequate to relieve the pressure from a few of the bigger blisters. I slid the end of the pin through one side of the first blister, and out the other, instantly releasing a stream of pus. I pressed the skin flat and covered it with my sleeve, applying pressure as Mother had taught me after the many blisters I received from running around and playing in the ridiculous high heels she put me in. Once my blisters were relieved I sat on the leafy floor. I was absolutely lost. My hopes of finding Felix were dashed. I was not a Prime. I was going to die in the forest, either by starvation, or by dehydration, maybe hypothermia, or by lion attack. Even if I didn’t die from one of those causes, I would never be able to complete the task, let alone the other eleven that followed this one, and then everyone would know that I wasn’t a Prime. And they would kill me. Either way I was a dead girl walking. 
As I sat and pondered my death I became aware of a rustling in the bushes. I pounced to my feet, instantly alert. More rustling. I spun around, facing the direction of the sound and slowly backing away from the source. I grunted as I backed into a thick tree trunk, and slowly edged my way around it, until I was entirely shielded from whoever or whatever had made the sound. I stood, absolutely still, not daring to blink, and breathing so slowly that I was certain I was about to pass out. I stared at the cluster of trees in the direction of the rustling, squinting to make out shadows in the darkness. It must have been five minutes before I dared move an inch around the tree trunk to get a better view. As soon as I shifted, a loud crunch of dried leaves sounded underfoot. Then there was a similar rustling sound echoing my own from the cluster of trees. Perplexed, I shifted again, and my own shuffling was met with more rustling from the direction of the trees. Okay Avery, I tried to calm my nerves. I needed to think reasonably. If it were a mutant lion making the sound, surely it would have advanced on me by now, and it would not be intelligent enough to mimic my movements. Ditto for any other animal. I concluded that it must be human. But were they a friend or foe? Had the test-makers planted enemies in the forest, maybe mutants to hunt us down? Or was it Felix, just as scared as I was. By the time I had run through all the possible options, and even more time had passed, I was exhausted and my legs were falling asleep. I clenched my fists and swallowed. Man up Avery. 
“Um…” I squeaked. “Felix?”
“Are you kidding?!” came a gruff reply. “Are you seriously THAT stupid?” 
Suddenly irritated, I sprung out form behind my tree. “What do you mean stupid?! Come out of there, Felix. I’ve had enough.” 
There was a crunching of leaves as Felix moved from his hiding place, and finally his dark shadow emerged and advanced on me. He came closer, until we were a few steps apart.
“What the hell, Fe? You had me freaking out. Why didn’t you answer me when I was calling your name?”
“Shut up for once in your life. We are in forest full of lions, you total moron.”
Hold on, I frowned. That voice was too low. That shadow’s shoulders were too broad. And that person was too mean to be Felix. I squinted in the dark, trying to make out the figure. 
“THEO?” 
Oh no, I groaned. Not ideal.
“I thought I told you to shut up.” came a gruff whisper.
“How did you get to my area?” I asked. 
“I’ve been running for miles. Just wanted to test the new legs. Reckon I’ve done about thirty k’s and I’m not even tired.” He was smug.
“Mm same...” I thought of my meagre fifteen and cringed at the though of running double that distance.
“Anyway I’ll leave you to it… got a lion to find.” Theo started striding away from me and I couldn’t help but snort with laughter at his overly manly façade.
“What are you laughing at?” Theo spun around, crunching more leaves underfoot.
“You!” I snorted again. “You’re seriously going to pretend that you weren’t peeing your pants in fear just now? We just hid from each other for ages, and if I hadn’t called out we’d probably still be playing statues. You were petrified… of… of…” I collapsed into laughter.
“Of you. Yes very funny,” his voice dripped with sarcasm and he started walking away.
I started to call out to him, but then I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye. I stifled my shout and stopped laughing immediately. The crunch, crunch, crunch of Theo’s footsteps were muffled out by a louder rustling sound. This sound was made by more than two feet, and was much closer to me than Theo was. I kept my feet still but turned my head slowly in the direction of the noise. Slowly gliding between the gaps in the trees was a very large and dark shadow. The figure was not human. It stood on four legs and was low to the ground. It was moving in Theo’s direction, fast. A lion. I slowly bent my knees, crouching to the ground, holding my breath and praying that no leaves crunched as I shifted my weight. Once I was in a crouching position I felt around the forest floor blindly, fumbling for something of enough weight to reach Theo at a throw. Finally I plucked up a small but thick stick and returned to a standing position. Theo was moving away from me quickly, and the lion was picking up pace, darting past the trees, I aimed and tossed the stick in Theo’s general direction. It missed and hit a tree before bouncing off and onto the forest floor. He started at the sound and spun towards me 
“You’re throwing things now?” he shouted to me as I wildly gestured for him to be quiet, although of course he couldn’t see in the dark.
“Real mature Avery Rose!” he continued. I turned towards the lion shadow, which was now stock still, about ten meters from Theo, and was crouched into a pouncing position. I had no choice.
“Theo!” I screamed, my voice breaking. “Lion!” 
Theo shut up and stopped moving.
“Ten meters to your right!” I shouted again.
The shadow began to emerge from behind the trees, creeping towards Theo. Theo stood still, obviously in shock. Without thinking I bent and picked up another stick from the floor and tossed it as far as I could to my right. It hit a tree with a loud thump and fell to the ground, crunching a pile of dead leaves. The lion stopped in its tracks and twisted its thick neck towards the sound the stick had made. It wasn’t much, but it gave Theo enough time to spring into action. He leapt for the nearest tree and began to scale it with such speed and agility that the action seemed graceful and almost balletic.
I remained still. Only now realising that I hadn’t thought this through at all. Theo was a Prime. Of course he could get himself out of danger’s way easily. Upon finally deciding that the stick was not worth pursuing, the lion turned back to where Theo had been standing moments ago. Furious that his prey had escaped him, the lion shook its shadowed mane and let out an earth-shaking roar that echoed through the forest, ricocheting off the tree trunk acoustics. My ears rung long after it had stopped. I remained still. Not blinking. Not breathing. Maybe he would leave and try to track down Theo, I subconsciously crossed my fingers in hope. The lion tilted its head back and began sniffing the air, slowly edging around in a full 180-degree turn, to face me. I stiffened. My knees locked. This was it. The lion crept towards me, hunched low to the ground, eyes locked on mine. I squeaked as something hard struck my head, just above my brow. The stick fell to the floor; why was Theo throwing things? I spent a second applauding his aim, compared to my attempt just minutes ago which hit a tree meters from its target. I looked up, and saw his figure waving at me from the tree he had climbed. He wanted me to climb up after him. 
I mimed a shooing action, wanting him to escape so that at least one of us survived. He must have interpreted my dismissal as an attempt to get rid of him so that I could keep the lion for myself, as his next action was an extremely rude gesture aimed at me. The lion was now a mere three meters from me. It crouched to the ground, ready to pounce. My mind went entirely blank, no life flashing-before-the-eyes moment for me. Maybe because I hadn’t done enough in my life worth thinking about. I just stood, eyes squeezed shut, like a dummy, a deer caught in the headlights, and awaited my death-by-lion. I held my breath. It was taking a long time to attack. I slowly opened one eyelid. The lion was looking up, its eyes no longer on me, but aimed directly to the sky above him. I followed his gaze and saw Theo, standing on a branch directly above the lion and pelting him with twigs. Nice try Theo, I thought, but a few twigs were not going to prevent my death. I mimed a throat-cut gesture to Theo, who stopped throwing sticks and suddenly leapt from the safety of the treetops and landed with a thud on the lion’s back, straddling the best as though it were a bucking bull. He wrapped his arms around the lion’s throat as the animal reared and threw his body around wildly, trying to eject his passenger. Theo was trying to strangle the creature, but the lion was too strong, its skin too thick, and Theo looked as though he was beginning to slide off the animal’s back. 
In a moment of stupidity and sheer panic I snapped a branch off the nearest tree and spun it around, pointing the sharp, severed end of the branch away from me. Holding my new weapon like a lance, I began to run towards the beast, aiming low to avoid hitting Theo. I was sprinting by the time I reached them, and slammed the branch into the lion’s side with full force. The lion stopped moving briefly, confused by the attack, but clearly not harmed by it. 
I remembered the impenetrable skin that Regina had mentioned just as Theo yelled,
“You can’t pierce the skin, idiot!” 
“I know!” I retaliated defensively.
“DO SOMETHING!” he wailed.
I looked around frantically. I had no more tricks up my sleeve. 
“We need to blind it somehow!” Theo shouted again. “That way it might stop bucking enough for me to strangle it!”
I didn’t agree with this idea. If someone blinded me, I’d be pretty mad. But I didn’t have any better ideas, and Theo was my only hope for staying alive at this point, so I pulled my jersey over my head, hoping that it might be able to act as some form of blindfold. As I aimed to throw it to Theo, but I felt something in the pocket. Two small objects fell from the jersey as I tossed it towards Theo, and I bent to retrieve them. Theo had received my throw, but dropped the fabric to the ground.
“Are you freaking kidding me?!” he yelled with evident bemusement. “I meant blind it by stabbing its eye with the branch, not by tying a bloody blindfold around its head, you total moron!”
I wasn’t listening. I had picked up the charcoal and the small tube from the forest floor. I pocketed the charcoal and examined the canister more closely. It was the anxiety attack medication that Felix hadn’t taken. He was mean to take one pill to calm him from a panic episode. I opened the container and counted eighteen pills. Surely that was enough to sedate something larger than a human, even if for a brief period of time. Theo was still shouting obscenities at me as I tried to formulate a plan.
“Seriously Theo just shut up a second!” I interrupted his rant and he fell silent.
How would I get the lion to take the pills? I knew the answer and wasn’t happy with it. I reluctantly took the branch that I had fashioned into a weapon, and snapped off the sharpest point. Theo watched from the lion’s back.
“Please..” he panted, clearly tiring. “Hurry with whatever… your mastermind… plan is.”
I took the sharp point and reached down to my foot. I then clenched my jaw and began to saw away at the blistered heel of my foot. The skin came away reasonably easily, as it was already loose from the blisters, but blood began to flow rapidly. Once I had removed a sizeable chunk of flesh from my heel, I used the skin to wrap up the eighteen tablets into a parcel. After letting a decent amount of blood drip onto the pills as a cover, I looked up. Theo was watching me perplexedly and the lion had stopped bucking, and instead was once again sniffing the air. He smelt blood. All at once Theo flung himself from the lion’s body and dive rolled onto the ground, the lion sprung towards me, and I threw myself as far as I could away from the beast, dropping the flesh and sedative package onto the ground. The lion snapped up the trap I had set out for it in a millisecond and began eyeing me up. I crouched into a ball as the lion approached, my entire body shaking with terror. Suddenly I was being lifted into the air. I opened my eyes to find myself in Theo’s arms.  He cradled me like a baby whilst dashing through the trees. 
“What the hell…” he puffed. “Kind of plan… was that.” 
I looked behind us at the fast approaching lion. We were dead meat. I closed my eyes again. Ignoring Theo, and readying myself for death for the umpteenth time that day. A minute passed and the lion still hadn’t attacked. I decided that Theo must have picked up his pace to outrun the beast. I opened my eyes and looked over Theo’s shoulder. No lion. 
“Theo,” I whispered. No answer. He was concentrating on avoiding the densely packed trees.
“Seriously, Theo” I repeated.
“What?!” 
“It’s… it’s gone”
Theo stopped running and lowered me to the ground. He turned around, but no lion was to be seen.
“What the hell?” he asked again, but this time the question was genuine rather than a stab at my intelligence. I sat on the floor, cradling my injured foot. It had lost a lot of blood during our getaway.
In an instant, Theo had removed his own jersey and wrapped it tightly around my foot, applying pressure to my wound and stopping the bleeding. We sat like this for a few minutes in complete silence. 
“Seriously, what just happened?” Theo asked. “How are we not inside the lion’s stomach right now?”
I was feeling much better with the blood flow plugged. “Did you outrun him?” I asked.
“I can’t have.” Theo replied. “He was gaining on us when I was running at my top speed. He must’ve stopped for some reason.”
I realised that my plan might have worked. “Do you remember back at training when Felix had a panic attack?” I asked.
“Yeah...” 
“Well he gave me the tube of anxiety medication to look after. There were eighteen pills left in the tube. I put them in my jersey pocket without even thinking.”
Theo was quick to catch on with his enhanced brain. “So you cut your own flesh and put the pills on it to get the lion to ingest them...” he caught on.
“And it worked, I guess.” I concluded.
Theo shook his head. “Not so bad for a stuck-up princess.” His words were cruel but his tone had softened and he began to laugh. Before I knew it I was laughing too, delirious and almost hysterical. 
After a while, we quietened, and I wondered what we should do. Theo must have been thinking the same.
“Let’s go find the big guy,” Theo suggested. “Or do you want me to do it alone?” He looked at my foot worriedly.
“No way am I missing out on this. I’m coming!” I said, and limped to my feet. 
Theo took my arm and placed it around his neck, allowing me to put all my weight on him rather than my injury. I grunted in thanks and we slowly moved back in the direction of the lion. We only had to travel for about half a kilometre when we saw the beast’s shadowed outline, slumped on the ground. I tripped towards the creature and knelt beside it.
“What are you doing?” Theo hissed. I ignored him and placed a hand on the lion’s sternum. I could feel a very slow but steady heartbeat. 
“It’s alive,” I said, before returning to my feet.
“Righto, let’s skin it whilst it’s unconscious then.”
I blanched, disgusted. “Are you joking? We are absolutely not skinning the poor thing alive.”
“Poor thing?!” Now Theo was disgusted. “It tried to kill me!” He pulled a branch off the nearest tree with ease, and touched the point to test its sharpness.
“No Theo.” 
He looked at me, bewildered. “Yes Avery. It’s gotta be done”
“No it doesn’t.” I shook my head. “The lion coat was optional.”
“It is impenetrable!” He argued. “Do you realize how helpful it could be later on?” 
I didn’t reply. He was right, of course. It could be great for defending ourselves. And that was something that I would undoubtedly need for the following tasks, if I came out of this one alive. As I pondered our options, I stroked the lion’s mane, it was thick and soft, and reminded me of my own hair. Then I had a thought.
“Hey,” I reached a hand out to stop Theo from sharpening his weapon. He looked at me questioningly, and I continued, “The skin is impenetrable, right?”
“Yeah...” He started sharpening the tool again.
“Well what if the mane is too?”
Theo stopped sharpening and turned to me. He reached down to grab a fistful of mane and yanked, as hard as he could. The mane stayed intact. 
“I think you’re right.” Theo sunk to the floor in relief. “Thank god, because I’ve never skinned an animal, and I don’t have a clue how to do it.”
I shook my head smiling, “Neither do I, but I do know how to give a haircut.” 
I took Theo’s sharpened tool and began sawing at an individual hair. It would not come free. Damn. I was stumped as to how we were meant to cut through the impenetrable material.
Theo tapped me on the shoulder and I turned to see him smugly holding up a sharp object of some sort.
“What is that?”
He pointed to the lion’s paw. It lay surrounded by a pool of deep red, and at a closer look, was missing one claw. 
I turned on Theo, “You RIPPED his CLAW off?!” I felt ill.
“Calm down!” Theo said “It’s better than skinning the beast. Plus with all those sedatives he couldn’t feel a thing.” 
I had to admit he was right. But nevertheless I gingerly picked up the paw and placed it in my lap. The bleeding had slowed and the injury seemed to be nearly completely healed. I wasn’t surprised. They must have mutated the beasts to be super healers. 
Theo took the talon and a bunch of the lion’s mane. He swiped at the hair with the claw, and a hunk of mane came free in his hand. I sighed in relief, thankful that we wouldn’t have to mutilate the creature, which I had decided was actually very beautiful up close whilst it was sleeping. 
“Here,” Theo handed me the claw, “You do this,  and I will bundle the hair.”
I nodded in agreement, placing the lion’s paw back on the ground and taking the talon from Theo. I gripped the claw and swiped at a chunk of the lion’s mane. The hair did not come free as it had for Theo. I tried again. The hair didn’t break.
Theo looked up from where he was plaiting the mane into a loose braid. He watched me fail again. And again. And again. I was furiously swiping at the mane with all my might. Beads of sweat were forming at my hairline and dripping down my face. I could tell that Theo had stopped bunching the hair and was watching me with a perplexed expression.
“It’s not that hard Avery, just concentrate,” he said. 
I avoided eye contact and kept hacking at the mane. It was no good. I just wasn't strong enough. I picked up a single strand of the lion’s hair and brought the talon down on it as hard as I could. Nothing. Theo sat still. Silent for a few moments. Suddenly he dropped everything, the strands of golden hair falling to the forest floor.
“You… You...” He spluttered.
I finally looked him in the eye. Saying nothing. Emotions were flashing across his face. Anger, disbelief, amazement, hatred. He knew. He had figured out my secret. I never looked away form his piercing stare. Challenging him to make the accusation.
“I can’t… You can’t… How…” His eyes were wide. 
I waited for a few moments but he couldn’t get the words out. I decided to put him out of his misery, “I didn’t take the Cure.” I murmured.
Theo’s mouth opened and closed again. He was having trouble coming to terms with my actions.
I continued, “That is why I had to get out of all the training. That is why I couldn’t help you when the lion attacked. I am a fraud. I am human. “
His mouth did the goldfish thing again and I dropped my gaze, unable to meet his eye anymore. 
“I know.” I said. “I am a terrible person.”
Theo’s face slowly drained of all expression. The only emotion left in his eyes was betrayal. He stared at me. Hurt and disappointed. My voice broke and I started sobbing.
“I am so sorry Theo. I should have said something earlier. No. I shouldn’t have even done it in the first place. All those poor people have to take the Cure. Why did I think I was better than any of them? I’m sorry. I am so sorry.” 
Theo stood up, leaving the strands of lion mane on the ground. He blinked, finally breaking eye contact. Then he strode way. He didn’t say a word. He didn’t look back. He walked steadily until he was completely out of sight. I called his name countless times. I wandered blindly in the dark. Pacing. Not wanting to lose the lion. I sat and stared at the darkness he had disappeared into. He didn’t return. 
After over an hour of sitting and waiting I came to my senses. The lion’s breathing had quickened and his heart rate was picking up. I had to move.


Chapter 19

I gathered the section of hair that Theo had managed to hack off the lion’s neck from ground. Two fistfuls. I took the spare hair tie that was always around my wrist and fastened the mane into a bundle. I would try to plait into some form of makeshift coat later on. Then I tucked the bundle into the waistband of my leggings and decided to get as far away from the lion as possible. Still exhausted from my run earlier, as well as starving hungry and dehydrated, I decided to hunt down the body of water I had heard earlier. 
I could still hear the faint running of water, but it was impossible to pinpoint the direction it was coming from. It seemed to be coming from all directions. I stood still and listened. Took two steps forward. Nope. I was sure the noise had quietened. I returned to my original position. Definitely louder. I then took two steps to my right. Yes! Louder. I started to walk to my right, slowly, wincing at the pain in my heel with every step. This was going to be a slow journey. 
I must have walked for about an hour before the leaves started to dampen under my feet. Ten minutes later there were a few puddles evident. I was walking very slowly now. Grunting in pain and dragging my feet in exhaustion. I needed hydration. 
Finally I saw it. The trees became sparse and there was a clearing with a narrow stream running through the centre. The excitement was enough for me to run, sprinting towards the water on my injured feet. When I reached the bank, the stream was much wider than it appeared from a distance. It also looked deep, too deep for me to cross safely. I dipped a toe in cautiously. It was freezing cold. I crouched to the ground and scooped up a handful of the icy water. I touched it with my tongue. It was fresh. Delighted at my find and brimming with pride I scooped handful after handful of water, lapping at it like a dog. Unable to quench my thirst fast enough I plunged my head over the bank, and began slurping the water straight from the stream. 
Suddenly I heard a deafening roar. A sound that stopped my heart. I gasped, but my mouth was still under the water so I choked and began to cough. Petrified the lion was going to hear my choking; I tried to sit up from the river’s edge to catch my breath. Then I lost my balance, still choking on the water, and toppled headfirst into the stream. The water was icy cold, knocking the breath from my lungs and instantly freezing my insides. I sunk deep under the water’s surface, limbs flailing, trying to gauge up from down. There was no oxygen in my lungs. I was panicking. I needed air, desperately. Trying to think logically, I stilled for a moment under the water. I noticed how silent it was. Peaceful even. For the first time since the ceremony I was in utter silence, even my thoughts kept at bay thanks to the mind numbing cold that seized my entire body. Suddenly my lungs clenched. I gasped and swallowed a gulp of the freezing river. Then, without thinking, I propelled myself upwards, towards the water’s surface, and let out a shriek as I emerged from the depths, coughing and spluttering. Realising I was no longer engulfed in the silence of the depths, I came to my senses and clamped a shivering hand over my mouth. I had forgotten about the lion in my panic. Quickly, I kicked myself over to the bank, thankful that Mother had forced me into swimming lessons when I was younger, and dragged myself out of the water. Lying flat on my back on the forest floor, I panted, coughing up stream water and trying to slow my breathing. 
Once I had my lungs under control, I realised how cold I was. Shaking uncontrollably, I peeled my two layers of clothing off and wrung them out, squeezing as much liquid as possible from the fabric. I then spotted a log nearby and laid my clothes out over it, still shaking in only my underwear. I sat on the log next to my drying clothes and hugged my knees, trying to warm myself with my own body heat. I closed my eyes and tried to think of warmth. My fireplace at home, Louisa's homemade hot chocolate, the riverside on Olympia in summer…
I awoke to a tapping on my shoulder and instantly jumped to my feet, spinning around in fright, arms up and fists clenched in a boxing stance. The shock of seeing Felix’s grin made me stumble backward. I unthinkingly reached out and slapped him across the face. Hard.
“Jesus, Ave!” He cradled his cheek. “What the hell?!”
I withdrew my hand instantly, shocked at my own response. 
“Crap!” I moved to him and touched his reddening cheek gingerly. “I am so sorry Fe! I was just scared and surprised and angry and… Oh, I am so sorry I didn’t mean to hurt you!”
He placed his hand gently over mine and shook his head, laughing. “You're insane, Ave."
I nodded. He was right. I’d lost it. My emotions overwhelmed me and I collapsed onto the ground. Weeping and laughing all in one lurching sob. My shoulders were heaving and I couldn’t breathe properly. Felix sat next to me and wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug. I leant on him heavily, needing his embrace.
“I know, Ave. I know.” He rubbed my back. “I was so worried about you. I thought you were going to die. I though I would never see you again." I nodded in agreement and he continued, "What have you been doing? And why did you scream? And why are you so wet? And why are you naked? Not that I am complaining of course..”
I had to giggle at the last remark, and I slapped him again on his sore cheek, gently this time. He laughed and cradled his cheek, which was still sporting a red mark from my first hit.
“You must be freezing Ave,” he said after a while and peeled off a layer of his own clothes.
“Arms up,” he ordered, and I obeyed, lifting my arms above my head as though I was a toddler again, being dressed by Louisa. Felix pulled his jersey over my head and wrapped his arms around me again. I had never felt warmer.
“So, Ave. Spill. What happened to you?”
I started from the beginning, when the driver had dropped me off and told me where to go. I spoke for about half an hour straight, describing my day and everything that had happened. Felix never interrupted, just listened intently and occasionally looked worried, like when I mentioned that I had run into Theo, and then again when I confessed that Theo now knew our secret. Once I finished speaking, I turned to him,
“What about you? What have you been up to?”
He shrugged. “My day was nothing on yours,” he said. “I decided not to listen to the driver.. thought he might be working for the Alphas and trying to trick us, so I followed the original plan and walked to the nearest water… this water, but a bit further down.” 
I shook my head. I should have known Felix wouldn’t have believed the driver.
He went on with his story, “Then I sat there and waited, calling your name and listening out for lions. I finally heard one roar, and then I heard you scream. I recognised your voice and followed the water in your direction. And now we are here.”
I nodded. “No battling lions then?”
“No battling lions,” he affirmed. 
Damn. That meant we still had to kill one more. There was no way we could slay one of those beasts without powers. The last one had nearly killed Theo, and he was the strongest Newbie out of all of us. Them. All of them. Felix must have read my mind because he stroked my back.
“Don’t worry about me, Ave. I was wrong. We can’t do this. We have no powers. I can't put your life in danger anymore than I already have. Let's just turn ourselves in.”
I barely had time to absorb Felix’s words before I felt my blood begin to boil in rage. He couldn’t be serious. Not after everything I'd been through in the past few hours. I spun around to face him angrily. Breaking his embrace and knocking his hands away when he went to stroke my cheek in concern. 
“What?” I hissed in his face. “You've gotta be kidding me Felix. I fought a bloody lion and chopped off my own skin. I fell into a freezing stream and have blisters the size of coins, and you are suggesting that we LEAVE?! I can’t believe you think-“
“Shut up!” Felix interrupted my rant and slapped his palm over my mouth. I twisted my head to shake his hand away and looked at him, angry and bewildered. I nearly slapped him again when I noticed his grim expression. I lowered my twitching palm and tried to meet his eye.
“Fe?” I whispered.
“SH!” He was looking over my shoulder, squinting into the darkness of the trees. I pushed away from him so that I could look in the same direction. Then I heard it too. A muffled rustling of leaves. Felix and I looked at each other. Our expressions mirror images of one another's fear.  
Felix leapt to his feet with surprising agility. He dragged me up from the ground to join him and I stumbled on my injured feet. He tugged on my arm to follow him so I quickly scooped up my saturated clothes and the bundled lion’s mane. I tucked all of the items into my soggy backpack.
“What direction was your last lion in?” he asked under his breath. I pointed in the general direction that I had come from, confused as to why it mattered. I barely had time to question his motives, though, before he started to drag me back into the dense trees towards my last lion battle.
Felix was light on his feet, his swift running steps barely making a whisper on the leafy floor. I, on the other hand, was about as subtle as the lion that was roaring behind us. I limped along with Felix, trying to keep pace and wondering where he was taking us. After a long dash through the forest I spied my sedated lion splayed on the ground where I had left it. Felix sped up as we neared the body.
“Impressive, Ave,” he whispered when he saw the beast on the ground. I managed a smile but winced. My foot was getting more and more painful with every movement.
Felix noticed my pained expression. He frowned, concerned, and knelt to the ground to examine my injury. As he knelt I noticed that the forest was in silence once more.
“Fe…” I said.
Hearing his name in such silence must have alerted Felix to the same realisation. The lion was no longer chasing us. But as I smiled in excitement, thinking that the lion must have fled, Felix's eyes met mine with a look of pure fear. The look lasted a millisecond, before I saw his brain click into overdrive. Felix stood and started mumbling to himself before walking over to the lion’s body and touching its torso lightly.
“Predators fall silent when in the crouch and pounce position…. Must be… what was it…. Ten to twenty… bigger lion… could be thirty…”
“Felix, what the hell?” I whispered.
Felix didn’t answer but put a finger to his lips, shushing me. He then beckoned me over and pointed to a large tree, suggesting I hide behind it. He grabbed a stick from the ground began to rub the tip of it against a nearby tree, sharpening it to a point. I watched, bemused, was he going crazy, or had he forgotten that the lion was impenetrable like I had earlier? A stick wouldn’t even make the creature flinch.
I opened my mouth to tell him that the branch would not make an effective weapon when my words turned into a squeal. He had sliced the back of his hand with the point.
Felix looked up at me when I squealed and then cursed under his breath. Quickly wiping his bloody hand on the already unconscious lion’s body, he then sprinted towards me and clasped his hand over my mouth. 
At that exact moment an enormous creature leapt from behind a nearby tree. He pounced toward the slain lion and stopped in front of the still body. Felix clamped his hand down harder over my mouth and shielded my body with his, so that I was entirely hidden from the lion’s view.
The lion sniffed its brother’s body, smelling Felix’s blood. It contemplated the sleeping figure for a moment and titled its head to the side in confusion. After a while it let out a small snort and sunk its teeth into its brother’s body. The lion chewed and swallowed, before apparently deciding that lion was not to its taste. It began to stalk away.
I finally understood what Felix had done and shook my head at him in amazement. He managed a grin, but then shoved his injured hand into his mouth to stop the bleeding. Felix kept his grip on me, holding me tight in place for another thirty seconds. Then we heard a loud thud. Something big had hit the floor mere meters from our hiding place. Felix finally released me and began to move in the same direction as the lion.
“Fe what the heck are you doing? The lion will hear you!” I whispered.
“Ave, come here.” 
I limped after him and saw the second lion laying flat on the ground. “What the..?” I looked between the first sleeping lion and the second.
“The pills must have stayed in the first lion’s bloodstream. When the second lion bit into the first one, he went down too.” Felix explained.
“Have I ever told you, you’re a genius?” I kissed Felix on the cheek with excitement and felt his face heat up. He grinned at me and pretended to wipe his check as though he was grossed out by my affection.
“Aw nah, it was your idea that made me think of it!” 
I shuffled awkwardly, instantly regretting the kiss. I became acutely aware of my lack of clothing and wished that I were wearing more than just Felix’s pullover. “Um.. anyway..” I mumbled as I tugged on the jersey’s hem to cover myself, “Let’s get that lion coat for you.”
I told Felix how to tear off the lion claw and use it to detach the mane, and then looked away as he worked on severing the claw. Finally Felix had a large chunk of the lion's mane, which I secured into the same bundle as my own. Then I returned the bundle to my pack, zipping it up.
We looked at each other, confused. Now what? We had never been told where to find the next task, or what to do once we completed the first one. I looked around the forest, which was now basked in morning light with streams of sun pouring through gaps in the leafy canopy. 
I sighed heavily, my exhaustion, hunger and thirst all hitting me at once. I hadn’t eaten or slept in over twenty-four hours and my injury was making me weak. I removed the wet clothing from my backpack and wrung them out again. They were nearly dry. I motioned for Felix to turn around and quickly changed into my damp outfit. Then I gave Felix’s jersey back to him, and he mimicked my “turn around” finger gesture. I giggled at how silly we were being in the scheme of things. We had just fought mutant lions and we were worried about nudity? But it was nice to have a little normalcy, so I obeyed by turning my back whilst he took off his bloody thermal and put his jersey on instead. 
“Are you finished ye-“ I started before I was interrupted by muscular arms around my waist, lifting me up and crushing me. I squealed and giggled.  “Fe stop!” He began to tickle my sides as he placed my feet back on the ground. “FE!” I collapsed onto the forest floor in fits of laughter, with Felix tickling my stomach as I writhed and wriggled in my tortured state. “ENOUGH FELIX!”
He chuckled as he finally withdrew his hands, and moved them down to my injured ankle. His tickly fingers became soft and gentle as he touched my wound. He took his bloody thermal and began to wind it around my foot, tightly, creating a DIY tourniquet.
“How’s it feeling?” He asked.
“Better now.” I replied, lying back on the floor as he kept caressing the cut. I listened as the birds began to chirp in the trees, and the morning light seeped through the foliage. I closed my eyes.


Chapter 20

I blinked awake and looked around, confused. There was a smoky scent in the air and Felix was no longer holding me. I finally spotted him a little way from me, hidden by a cloud of smoke. How on earth had he managed to start a fire? I stood up and wandered over to him.
“What is all this?” 
Felix looked up at me from the smoke and my breath caught. 
“Well hey there, sleeping beauty,” he smiled his lopsided grin. “You’ve been out for about five hours!”
I laughed. “Weird. Who would’ve though that I’d be tired after fighting two mutant lions and nearly drowning?” Felix joined in my laughter, but sobered up when he saw me wince as I put weight on my injured foot. He held out his hand and lowered me to the ground until I was sitting next to him.
“I am making root vegetables,” Felix explained. “Hope they're alright.”
I shook my head in bewilderment. “Of course Fe, but how did you do it? We didn’t exactly have camping lessons at school..”
“Pretty easy,” he said. “They told us how to find root vegetables and start fires in training. Not that you’d know, ‘coz you were busy being a spoiled brat.” He grinned.
“Shut it, you,” I bit back. “ How long til they're finished?”
Felix prodded a round, brown vegetable with a stick that he was using as a cooking utensil and smiled. “About now. You hungry?”
My stomach growled in response and we both laughed. Minutes later, Felix had plated up two massive flax leaves with piles of earthy coloured vegetables, most of which I had never seen before. I was amazed and it must have showed, because Felix wore a smug smile.
“You gonna want to marry me now you’ve seen my crazy good cooking skills?” He bumped his elbow into my side jokingly. “I could bring you breakfast in bed every morning.”
I blushed a deep red and laughed uncomfortably, praying that Felix didn’t know how often I had thought about waking up next to him. Then I turned to focus on the food in front of me to hide my face from him. I picked at a pile of orange-coloured mush and moaned upon tasting its smoky, rich flavour. 
“This is freaking awesome!” I told Felix, who had already devoured half of his plate. His only reply was a slight eyebrow raise as he continued to shovel food down his throat. I smiled at his hunger, and decided to copy him, by scooping up handfuls of veggies, and scoffing them like I would never see food again. Once Felix finished eating, I examined him. There were dark shadows under his eyes and his face was more pale than usual.
“You must be tired, you haven’t even had a nap yet!”
He nodded and yawned, “But I don’t want to go to sleep in case something happens. What if they spring the next task on us, or another lion finds us whilst we are sleeping? It’s not safe.”
I grabbed Felix’s hand to calm him before he worked himself into a state. “Sleep, Fe, I will keep watch.”
“When are they going to give us the next task?” he asked, yawning and lying flat on his back, hands clasped behind his head as a pillow. I lay down too, resting my head on his broad chest.
“We will know when it comes.” I said, mainly to put Felix’s mind to rest, “Maybe they are going to wait for all the Newbies to finish the first task before they start the next one.”
Felix nodded, and his breathing slowed. A while later he began to snore quietly. I sat up, deciding that I might as well be useful whilst I kept watch. I opened my backpack and retrieved the bundle of golden hair. I needed to make it into a coat somehow. Remembering the way that Louisa used to braid my hair before bed, I began to weave the lion mane into a plait, copying Louisa’s over-under-over pattern and humming the lullaby that she used to sing.
Felix slept for a solid four hours before I noticed him stirring. I smiled as I watched him open his eyes and experience a moment of disconcertion. He sat up and stroked my arm, giving me instant shivers.
“How long was I out?” he asked, scanning our darkening surroundings. 
“About four hours.”
He nodded. “What do we do until the next task comes?” Felix wondered aloud, voicing the question I had been pondering while he slept.
“I guess we relax, and try to get our strength up. It will give my foot time to recover, and we can learn a bit more about the forest.”
Felix nodded again and his gaze found my woven creation. His mouth dropped open and his eyebrows shot up. “You plaited the mane?”
“Why so surprised? I am a woman of many talents.” 
He grinned at me. “I know you are. Looks good.” 
I held the braid up for him to inspect. It had taken a long time to keep every strand neat, but it would be easier to manage the main braided into a plait rather than in bundles.
“Shall we find a base location?” he asked.
“I think that's a good idea, let’s go back to the water and get away from this lion before the pills wear off.”
Felix stood up and gathered the lion mane, tucking it into my pack. He picked my tourniquet up from the ground, and wrapped it around my injury again before we headed off in the direction of the stream.
I lost count of how much time was passing. Felix and I fell into a rhythm, each getting between four and five hours sleep while the other kept watch. Luckily, Felix had managed to pick up a few basic survival skills from training. He patiently taught me which roots were edible, and how to find them. He taught me to light a fire and cook the vegetables. Now that we were back at the stream, we could catch fish too. Felix had woven some flax nets that the fish sometimes got caught in, and when he was bored he would use a sharpened stick as a fish spear. A few days passed and we began to worry. Maybe we were meant to go and physically hunt out the next task. We didn’t talk about it too much, or we started to stress out. Instead we chatted and laughed, but we both knew it could not last for much longer. Something was coming. 
I woke up from my sleep, groggily scanning my surroundings for Felix, and beginning to panic when he was not in sight. 
“Fe?” I croaked.
There was a stirring from a mound of flax a few meters from where I lay. I stood up, my injury largely healed, and nervously approached the moving pile of flax. I reached my toe out and prodded the lump. Felix grunted and I groaned.
“Felix you scared the daylights outta me!” 
There was more movement and Felix’s head popped out of the flax, he was blinking and holding his temple. “Wha-“ He mumbled confusedly. “Ave… what is going on?”
“You fell asleep whilst you were on watch, you loser!” I prodded him with my toe again and giggled. Felix rubbed his head. 
“I can’t remember…” He started. His face was pale and beads of sweat lined his brow. I stopped giggling and crouched next to him. “Avery, there was all this fog,” He said, “This really thick fog that was over there.” He pointed.
“What are you talking about Fe, you’re scaring me!”
“It was this wall of fog and it kept coming closer, it moved through the trees, it hid everything that it reached.” He shook his head as though he was having trouble believing himself. “I swear it Avery, it happened.” I nodded to reassure him and he continued. 
“I tried to wake you, but you were out cold, you know how heavy you sleep.” He rubbed his temple again. “Then the fog reached us… it smelt weird, but it was warm, kinda like a blanket…” 
“And…?” I waited for him to continue with the story.
“Nah, Ave.” He finally met my eye. “That is it. I can’t remember anything else.”
We kept waiting for something. Sure the fog would return. But nothing happened. We packed everything we could into our two backpacks and in case we needed to make a quick escape from the mysterious fog. Felix decided it must have been a sign, telling us that the next task was coming, but I wasn’t so sure. We tried to remember the next challenge Hercules faced after the lion, and decided that it was the Hydra. The great monster, with nine heads, that tortured villages. We remembered that every time one of the beast’s heads was severed, another two heads regrew in its place. Hercules eventually defeated the creature by scorching its neck with fire before a new head could grow. 
This made me nervous. Sure, Felix had learnt to light a small cooking fire in basic training, but there was no way that we were going to concoct a flame fierce enough to slay a hydra. After we had considered every possible cause for the fog, and discussed everything we knew about hydrae, Felix and I sat in silence, my head resting on his shoulder, silently comforting each other.
I am not sure how much time passed, whether hours or minutes, but Felix decided he needed a meal. He began to stand to prepare the food, but had to grab my shoulder to steady himself. 
“Fe! Are you okay?” 
He nodded and held his head, “Must’ve just been head rush, I think.”
“Is your headache getting worse?” I asked him.
“I’ll be fine, Ave, stop worrying.”
Minutes later, Felix was crouched over a fire, roasting some small fish from the stream. I wandered over to him and breathed in the smoky aroma.
“Smells so good, Felix.” I smiled.
Felix attempted to smile back, but it ended up as more of a wince. He watched me breathe in the smoky smell again, and a look of realization passed through his eyes. “Avery.” He said to me in a serious tone. “My headache started right after the fog put me to sleep, yeah?” 
I nodded, not following his train of thought at all.
“Well, what if I inhaled the fog and it has given me this headache? What if the fog is the start of the next task?” 
That made sense, except…“But then why don’t I have a headache? I inhaled the fog just as much as you did.”
Felix shook his head, “I covered you from the fog.” He explained. “I pressed your face into my chest so you didn’t breathe it in.”
Felix’s theory seemed likely. But how was the headache related to a hydra, and how were we meant to beat this challenge? Felix must have been wondering the same thing, because he kept mumbling to himself as he continued to prepare our meal. Once we had finished eating, Felix lay down on the forest floor, gripping his head tightly, his knuckles white with strain.
“It can’t get much worse, surely.” I said, trying to reassure him. 
Felix groaned in pain and closed his eyes. When he opened them to look at me, his pupils were enormous and his irises were rolling to the back of his head. His entire body had started to spasm, first in little twitches, before becoming more and more exaggerated. I held him in my lap. I had no idea what to do.
“The task must be to cure you, Felix. The fog must be some sort of poison, and we have to find the antidote.”
“Berries.” Felix managed.
I remembered back to basic training, and how the trainer had talked about berry antidotes. “Small, red, and three to a bunch?” I wondered aloud, trying to recall the trainer’s words about healing berries.
Felix let out a little cough, “Four to a bunch.”
“Fe try and stay awake for me, please,” I begged him.
There was no reply. I had to move fast. I scanned the forest floor, but saw no such berries, nor were there any in the shrubs or small trees around me. I moved back to Felix. The spasms were closer together now and a white froth had gathered at the corners of his mouth. 
“Where would the berries be?” I asked, but received no reply. Felix’s eyes drooped shut. I reopened them, forcing his eyelids open, and shaking his face until he was alert again. “The berries, Felix, where?”
Felix began to cough, choking on the froth that was forming in his mouth. I propped him up against a tree trunk, but his head lolled back, his neck unable to hold its weight. Suddenly, Felix began to make a sound, and odd gurgling. I looked at him, he was facing the sky. His finger twitched as he attempted to raise his arm. He was pointing. I looked towards the sky, in the same direction as him, but could only see thick leaves overhead. 
Suddenly I saw a glimpse of red. The tree above us had red spots hidden amongst its branches. They were too high. Way over my head, too far above my maximum reach height. I looked at Felix who was now curled up in the foetal position. I had to do this. I moved to the tree trunk that the berries extended from, wrapped my entire body around it, and began slowly sidling up the trunk. I reached the point where the branches began to separate the thick trunk. Keeping my eyes on the bunch of berries I crawled along the branch that they hung from. Don’t look down Avery Rose. Do not look down. I neared the end of the branch, which was know very flimsy. The whole branch was swaying dangerously every time I moved. I reached out, but the berries were out of reach. I couldn’t go further or the branch I was clinging to would snap in two. 
Then I remembered the lion claw in my backpack. I pulled it out and began sawing away at the tree. The claw was so sharp that it took only a few minutes until the branch snapped off and the berries fell to the floor below. I quickly swung myself down from the branch, falling with an ungraceful thump to the ground, and picked up the berries, carrying them over to Felix. 
“Fe?” I gently touched his shoulder, “Can you hear me?’ Felix’s hand twitched in response. I touched his forehead and gasped when I felt how hot it was. He was burning up. I crushed a few of the berries and pried Felix’s mouth open, tipping the powder down his throat and following it with some water from the stream. He began to splutter as the water hit the back of his throat, but he managed to swallow most of the berries. I sat by his limp body, stroking his arm and praying that the berries would kick in soon.
Minutes later, Felix’s eyes fluttered open and he grunted. It was the most beautiful grunt I had ever heard. Tears sprung to my eyes and I choked on my own saliva.
“F… F… FELIX!” I coughed as I wrapped my arms around his neck and squeezed so hard that Felix began to choke too. “Oops sorry!” I squealed in delight, “But you’re alive!” 
Felix sat up, his face returning to its normal colour and his breathing slowed to a healthy rate. He reached out a shaky hand to me and I grabbed it. Tears began to roll down my cheeks, and my shoulders began to heave, the last few hours of terror finally taking their toll on my emotions.
“Ave.” Felix murmured, and I looked up at him. “Stop crying like a girl.”
When I met his gaze he shot me a meek half-grin and my crying stopped almost instantly. I punched him in the arm, hard, and responded to his smile with a scowl.
“DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT YOU PUT ME THROUGH FELIX?!” The smile fell from Felix’s face at my reaction, and I instantly felt guilty. I wrapped my arms around his neck again.
“Woman, you’re sending me really mixed signals! You’re absolutely bipolar. Are you happy or angry that I am alive?” Felix laughed his deep chuckle and I couldn’t help but smile into his collarbone. 
Half an hour later, Felix was back to his normal self. Joking and goofing around. His impersonations of Regina had us both rolling on the forest floor in fits of laughter. He wiggled his fingers and spoke in a squeaky high voice, “Toodaloo newbies.” 
I laughed so hard that my stomach ached and I had to hold my cheekbones. We lay on the leaves and looked up at the green canopy above us, trying to guess where the sun was in the sky, when I must have nodded off. 
I awoke, to feel a twinge behind my eye. I unthinkingly reached up and stroked my temple. Felix lay sleeping next to me, and I smiled at his peaceful face, thinking how lucky I was to have him alive and next to me through this whole mess. As I watched him sleep the twinge turned into an ache, and seemed to expand to cover my entire head.
Oh no. I tapped Felix’s chest, and when he didn’t wake, I grabbed his shoulders and shook him so violently that his eyes sprung open with a terrified expression. “Ave what’s going on?” He asked. “Just because you saved my life, doesn’t mean you can manhandle me whenever you fancy!”
I pointed to my temple, “Massive headache.”
Felix cursed loudly. “We gotta get you some of the berries. The task isn’t over.” 
Felix went to stand up, before coming crashing back to the floor, holding his head and groaning loudly.
“What the hell…“ he moaned.
“Your headache is back too?” I asked and he nodded in reply. I groaned, “The berries didn’t cure it at all. They just sent it away temporarily.”
“And it feels way worse than before.” Said Felix. He then looked over at me anxiously, “And I’ve given it to you too!”
We both slumped to the ground, nursing our own heads and trying to think of a way out. I had never experienced a pain like this. I felt as though someone was hammering my eyes from inside my skull. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to think happy thoughts, picturing my life back on Olympia. My mum would be in the spa, having her nails done, probably with a cocktail in hand…
Felix interrupted my happy place “AVE!”
“What?” I was irritable with the pain.
“I think I have a theory…” 
I nodded for him to continue. 
“Do you remember what task we are up to?”
I rubbed my forehead as I tried to remember.
“Erm… I think… Didn’t we decide… If we are following Hercules’ order, we decided must be onto the Hydra?”
Felix nodded, “And do you remember what was special about the hydra?” I winced at the throbbing pain behind my eyes, wishing that Felix would stop the stupid trivia and just tell me, 
“I dunno Fe. Maybe that is was a massive-ass snake-dragon thing?”
Felix sighed in frustration. “The reason Hercules had so much trouble slaying the Hydra, Ave, was because every time he severed a head, two new heads grew in its place!” I nodded along, thinking that the headache must be making him insane, because I saw no relevance whatsoever.
Felix continued, “So, when the fog hit, it had some sort of infection in it, right? Because when it hit me I got the massive headache.”
“Yeah but-“
Felix kept going, “I covered your face, so you didn’t get infected, but then when you cured my headache, mine came back worse, and you caught the infection as well! You see? It doubled! Just like the Hydra gets one head chopped off and two grow back!” I finally understood. The concept seemed to make sense, but it didn’t get us any closer to being healed.
“Okay smart guy, how do we cure it then?”
Felix shut up.
I groaned and rolled back onto the ground. I couldn’t do this much longer; the pain was growing more intense by the second.
“Let’s try the berries again?” Felix suggested. I couldn’t think of a better idea, so we ground some more berry mixture from the few that remained on the bunch, and chewed them together. The relief was almost instant. The pressure between my eyes lifted and the dizziness faded. I turned to Felix who had a wide grin on his face.
“I wanna take some of this stuff home! Its like morphine, but you don’t need a prescription!”
I giggled, catching onto his brightened mood.  My stomach grumbled. “Lets cook.” I said to Felix, well aware that we should fill our stomachs now in case the headaches returned. Felix agreed, and went to gather cooking supplies. I gathered the rest of the berries and wrapped them up in flax to keep them safe.
When Felix returned, his grin had been wiped from his face, and his eyes were unfocussed. 
“Fe…” I started, when he turned and ran to a nearby bush before heaving and violently vomiting into the leaves. I cursed and began to move over to him to rub his back when the searing pain stabbed my temple again, causing me to fall to the floor and grab my head in agony.
I looked at Felix who had fallen to his knees, still hurling in the bush, whilst simultaneously rubbing his temple. His face was a ghostly white contrast to a stark red streak down his chin. I looked closer, trying to figure out what the red stain was, then I realised that his vomit was a deep red. Blood. The vomiting was not slowing. In fact, it was becoming more regular and forceful. He was losing too much blood. He was dying. 
For the next while neither of us spoke. We were meters apart, but neither could summon the energy to move to the other, so we nursed our own pain. Minutes or hours later, I noticed that Felix had stopped vomiting. I prayed that he was getting better.
“Fe..?” I whispered. No answer. I looked over to find his eyes open but rolled back in his head. His mouth was agape and filled with scarlet froth. “FE?” I yelled, starting to crawl over to him.
I was going to have to give him more berries. At least they would make him better for a while. I opened his mouth and jammed a whole berry down his throat. Seconds later he sat up and I sighed with relief before chewing a berry myself.
“Ave, what the hell is happening to us?”
“I dunno.” I laid my head on Felix’s shoulder. “But the berries are working for less and less time. And I really don’t want that headache coming back.”
Felix nodded in agreement “Last time I would say they lasted fifteen minutes. The time before that was about half an hour. So I would say we have less than ten minutes to solve this.”
I shook my head. We weren’t even close to solving it, and soon the berries would be ineffective, so it wasn’t worth retrieving any more from the treetops. 
“Think back to basic training, Ave. What did the trainer say about poisoning other than the berry antidote?”
I tried to think back. It was only a few days ago, but it seemed like an eternity since I sat in the corner of the arena, pretending to be a diva and secretly eavesdropping the trainer’s instructions. 
I smiled as I remembered Felix’s fake panic attack and thanked the heavens that I had pocketed those sedatives. Without the anxiety pills we never would have completed the first task. Not that it mattered now. Neither of us was going to make it. As I daydreamed I felt the headache creeping back between my eyes, and groaned. Maybe we should just sedate ourselves, and pass out as we waited for death to take over. I dug my hands into my pockets, searching for the last sedative pill. I hoped that half a pill would be enough for Felix and I to pass out.
“What are you doing Avery?” Felix had curled into the foetal position, feeling the start of the pain returning.
“Lets just take these, Fe.” I pleaded. “I can’t take the pain. I’d rather be unconscious whilst the poison takes me.”
Felix closed his eyes in defeat. Oh god. I had been expecting him to argue me on that one. I thought he would give me some inspirational speech about not giving up hope. But instead he squeezed his eyes shut and held his hand out for a pill.
I pulled the miniscule cylinder out of my pocket, and was surprised to find that it wasn’t the sedative tube at all; it was a small black stick of charcoal. I had forgotten about pocketing that back in training. I rolled it between my fingers. What was it used for again?
“Hurry up Ave, I need the pain gone.”
“Fe…” I started to ask what the charcoal was for, when he let out a cry of pain.
I thought back to the training. “Felix. You know that charcoal you rolled over to me in training? I still have it.”
Felix was clearly incapable of rational thought. He was making animalistic noises and rolling around on the ground clasping his temples.
“Poison…” I was talking to myself. “Charcoal is a poison. If the right dosage is taken, it will induce vomiting, and expel any toxins in the body.” I was sure that was what the trainer had said, but how much was the right dosage?
Felix began convulsing, and his hands were shaking rapidly. I was just going to have to do it. I snapped the charcoal in half and crushed one half between my fingers, as nausea overwhelmed me and caused me to wretch and throw up. I swallowed, trying to suppress the vomiting long enough to feed Felix the charcoal. I opened his mouth and dropped the dust down the back of his throat, before closing his mouth again and waiting for him to swallow. Finally, his Adam’s apple moved, and he swallowed the dust. Phew. I lay on my back, vision fading, charcoal clenched in hand. Please wake up Felix. Blackness.
Searing pain and nausea. So nauseous. Burning my throat. I heaved and threw up again and again. My stomach hurt. I kept convulsing. Heaving. Vomiting. I just wanted to die. I needed the pain to stop. Vomiting. Vomiting. Make it stop. 
Finally the blackness began to ebb away. I was seeing blurred shapes. Loud voices. Slowly the nausea began to subside. My vision started to clear. My stomach muscles were in agony, and my throat burned as though I had been eating fire. I groaned. Suddenly arms were around me, scooping me up, I was lifted from the ground. Confused, I tried to blink away the fog, clear the fuzzy shapes. I recognized Felix’s voice. 
“Thank god. You’re back. Ave. Avery. Please say something Ave”
I tried to speak, but my throat felt singed. Instead I blinked my eyes. The shapes were clearing up and I could make out Felix’s worried expression. He sat down, lowering me back to the forest floor, and lifted my head onto his lap, slowly stroking my face. God that felt good. The blackness returned and I let it overcome me.
When I finally came to, it was night, pitch black, and Felix was still stroking my face. “Fe?” I managed weakly. Felix let out a huge sigh and planted a kiss on my forehead.  
“Ave!” He cried. “God I though you were gone. I thought I had lost you!”
I smiled meekly. “Welcome to my life.”
Felix let out a chuckle. “You were so nearly dead! I am sure your heart stopped beating. I didn’t know what to do. What would I have done without you?”
I looked up at him from where my head lay on his lap. “Now you know how I felt earlier.” I whispered.
Felix continued to stroke my face. “The charcoal. You’re a genius, Avery. Seriously. I never would’ve thought of the charcoal.”
I smiled. “You did think of it! You’re the one who rolled it over to me at training. We would’ve died if you hadn’t have had that idea!”
“No Avery. We would’ve died if you hadn’t have though of it today and shoved it down my throat.”
“Agree to disagree,” I muttered, using my mother’s favourite argument-concluding line. I sat up and shook my head, feeling surprisingly good. “Are we sure it is over Fe? What if it comes back again?”
Felix shrugged. “I’ve been fine for hours now. It kinda makes sense if you think about it. Although Hercules burnt the Hydra’s heads to keep them from growing, we couldn’t exactly burn ourselves. And the only other way to kill the hydra, was by poisoning it with its own deadly toxin. So poisoning ourselves to get rid of poison actually makes sense.”
I laughed out loud. “I definitely didn’t think of all that before I poisoned us. I just kinda did it.”
Felix looked at me strangely. “That’s the thing Ave… There is something about you. You always just seem to get the answer without even knowing what you are doing. I don’t get it.”
“Its luck.” I punched his shoulder, uncomfortable with the topic. Felix dropped it and passed me some roasted vegetables. He really had been awake for a while if he had managed to cook dinner. I scarfed the vegetables down, realizing how hungry I was, and even got seconds before finally feeling full.
Felix and I lay down next to each other. We didn't speak. We both knew that the challenges would only get harder, and we didn’t know when they would present themselves. We would have to talk about them at some point, but for now I snuggled into his broad chest and we tried to pretend we were back on Olympia, laying in my bed, looking up at the artificial stars projected on my ceiling.

Chapter 21

My eyes snapped open when a loud whirring noise woke me from a deep slumber. Felix sat bolt upright too, blinking rapidly, his expression matched my own confusion. I looked around frantically, searching for the source of the noise. My hair was blowing in all directions and the whirring was coming closer. Finally getting my bearings, I realised that the sound was coming from overhead. I looked up to the sky and saw a huge vessel hovering above the trees. Felix and I clambered to our feet, groggy with a mixture of sleep and awe, staring at what looked like a flying submarine that was coming closer by the second. The aircraft reached the forest, but barely recognized any obstacle as it continued its descent without hesitation, snapping trees as though they were mere toothpicks, until the vessel settled on the ground amongst the debris the landing had created. Once landed, a ramp lowered from the side of the ship and a recorded voice boomed out from inside, 
“Felix Fidus and Avery Rose Optime. Please board the aircraft.”
I looked to Felix, who shrugged and reached for my hand. I took it, thankful for the support, and we walked towards the ramp.
Once we climbed aboard, I looked around for some sort of instruction. But there was no one. We stood in an empty cubicle, surrounded by blank metal walls. The voice rang out again, “The door to your right will take you to your quarters. Enjoy the flight.”
Felix and I looked at each other, confused. I had thought the whole set of challenges would take place in the forest, and Felix’s furrowed brow meant he thought the same. He squeezed my hand as the wall to our right began to slide open. 
The aircraft was as enormous on the inside as it had looked descending down on us a few moments ago. The main area was a massive open room, the size of a ballroom. It was decorated like a ballroom too. The cream coloured walls and floor were complemented by burgundy and gold furnishings. A few chairs and tables lined the walls, and a huge buffet banquet stretched over the entire back wall. My eyes locked on a glazed ham that sat enticingly in the center of the table, and I started to head towards it, mouth watering. 
Felix tugged on my hand and I reluctantly tore my eyes from the gorgeous ham. I turned to face Felix questioningly, but he wasn’t watching me. Instead he stood still, staring at the front corner of the room. I followed his gaze and finally stopped trying to drag him towards the food when I saw why he was frozen in place. The other new Primes sat huddled together at a corner table. They had all turned in their seats to stare at us. My eyes widened as my gaze fell on Theo. Crap. Had he told them that we were imposters? His eyes were locked on mine too, but his face was expressionless, there was no way to tell. 
I examined the rest of the Primes’ faces. Cecilia, the blonde, was perched on smirky Axil’s lap with her arms wrapped around his neck in an embrace. Clearly they had something going on. Despite their loving embrace, their expressions were hateful and aimed in our direction. The pair of them looked as though they wanted to tear Felix and I limb from limb.
Ellina didn’t appear to be angry. Her expression was more upset than irate like the others. I thought I even saw a tear glistening on her cheek. 
Farrah… I scanned the circle of Primes again. Where was Farrah? I spun in a full circle, searching the rest of the room for the seventh competitor. No one else was there. Felix must have noticed at the same time because I heard him whisper her name. 
Felix and I had been standing still for over a minute and had received no greeting, just angry expressions. Okay this was getting ridiculous, I thought. I knew I had acted like a brat at training, but that was no cause for total rudeness! And what had Felix ever done to them?! Fuming, I dropped Felix’s hand and wiggled my fingers at the group.
“Hi guys, lovely to see you all too!” My voice dripped in sarcasm as I called out to them, making eye contact with each person in turn. They all quickly averted their eyes, returning to the circle they were sitting in. They started whispering furiously, though Felix and I were too far from them to hear. I looked at Felix, confused. He shrugged and pulled on my hand, finally leading us toward the banquet.
Four slices of ham, two bread rolls, a massive bowl of coleslaw and a mountain of mashed potatoes swimming in gravy later, I lay on the floor of the ballroom groaning uncomfortably. I had definitely overdone it with the feast. Felix lay next to me, snoring lightly. Once the fullness subsided slightly, I decided to walk around for a while, until my stomach felt better. I paced one side of the ballroom, not wanting to go near the others, examining the intricate detailing of the walls and ceiling. 
“Beautiful huh?” a deep voice startled me and I turned to find Theo’s deep brown eyes very close to my own. I let out what I hoped was an irritated ‘humph’ and turned away.
“No, no, no…” He put a large hand on my shoulder and roughly spun me back to face him, “You don’t get to be mad at me, Avery.” 
I loved it when he said my name. But I managed to retain my frown and angry stare.
“You’re the one who...” he dropped his voice to a barely audible whisper, “You’re the one who doesn’t belong here.”
I was confused. Why was he whispering? He didn’t need to whisper if he had already told the others.
“Wait.” I interrupted him, “You haven’t told them about Felix and me being… well… you know… human?”
“No. Why would I do that?” He appeared to be genuinely hurt by my accusation. 
“Well then why are they so angry at us?” I asked.
Theo looked amused and shook his head, causing his dark hair to fall over one eye. My heart fluttered a bit. Oh god, what was wrong with me? 
“You’re at the top of the leader board. You have the most points, followed by Felix, and then Ellina and I are tied for third, then Axil and Cecilia have the least… um… well… except…”
“Farrah?” I asked.
“Avery…” Theo started. Oh lord, the way he said my name... His husky voice made everything sound like poetry. Get yourself together, Avery. I was turning into one of those pathetic, flighty girls that I hated from Olympia. Nicknames don’t mean anything. He probably just picked it up from Felix. I was watching his mouth move when I realised I hadn’t been listening to a word he said. I shook myself out of my Theo trance and tuned into his voice. 
“Um… Farrah didn’t… well… she didn’t quite…” he was mumbling.
“Hold on.” I couldn’t believe it. Surely Farrah hadn’t been killed. She was an actual Prime. No way could Felix and I have survived, when Farrah, who actually had the superpowers that these tasks were testing for, had failed and died. 
“She… she didn’t make it?” I asked, scared to hear his response.
Theo shook his head. “The disease hit while she was still hunting the lion. They both sorta hit her at the same time. It was too much. The tasks weren’t designed to be easy, even for Primes, and taking on both tasks at the same time… well…”
I nodded. A mixture of guilt and sadness overwhelmed me. I was confused, unsure what to think and my hands were starting to shake from the shock of hearing that someone had been killed. It could have been me. Should have been me. I was the fraud.
“Avery you can’t keep doing this. A Prime died. She had powers. She was superhuman, and she didn’t make it. There is no way you can survive them all. You’re gonna run out of luck.”
“Who says it’s luck?” I bit back without thinking. Theo frowned and I immediately scorned myself for being so rude. He was only trying to look out for me. “Sorry.” I said. “I didn’t mean that. You are right; we have been really lucky. But what choice do we have? Its not like we can tell anyone that we are imposters now, it’s too late, they’ll imprison us, or kill us…”
Theo nodded and reached for my hand. Oh my… He squeezed my fingers and my heart did the fluttery thing again. I swallowed, forcing myself to get a grip. 
“I could help you.” Theo said, and my heart nearly stopped. 
“Wh… what?”
“I mean… I actually am a Prime. So if you and I work together, no one will even notice that it is me who is using my powers instead of you. I will do your tasks as well as mine, and no one will know.”
I searched his face, but found no hint of a joke, or some sick prank, “Wait. Why are you being so nice to me?” I asked him. “Last time we spoke, and I told you about the non-Prime thing, you, er, didn’t take it so well.”
Theo dropped my hand and looked at his feet, “I feel awful,” he explained. “I found out you were human. A human in the middle of a lion infested jungle. And I left you, totally vulnerable. In a really dangerous situation. You could’ve died. You should’ve died. As soon as I lost sight of you I regretted it, and I just kept imagining you on your own, not to protect yourself. I thought you were dead.”
I nodded, but Theo’s gaze was locked on the floor. “So why’d you leave me then?”
“I was hurt, Avery. You lied to me. To everyone. But nothing excuses my actions. I left you in danger. Considering what happened to Farrah… you…” His voice petered out and I reached for his hand this time. I squeezed reassuringly and used my other hand to tilt his chin until our eyes met again.
“I never could've done the lion without you. And you left me with the kill. You could have taken the mane and ran, but you didn’t. You let me win that challenge. You should be ahead of me on the leader board.”
Theo shook his head. He wasn’t accepting it. “Please just let me help you. I need to.” His expression was wracked with guilt, and his voice pleading. I considered his proposal. It might be Felix and my only chance of survival. But if he were found to be conspiring with us he would be punished, maybe banished from Olympia, or maybe worse. 
“I can’t, Theo. We’ll get caught. If not during the tests, then it’ll be at the final ceremony when I trip up the stairs, or when I am living on Olympia and forget to act like a Prime. This act can’t last forever.”
“We can figure all that out later. For now I need you to survive. Let me help. Please, Avery. I need this as much as you do. And Felix. Think about Felix. If you don’t let me help you two, you are putting his life in danger too.”
His eyes were begging but I still wasn’t sure. I thought about Felix. If I agreed to Theo’s offer, I would be helping save my best friend. Finally I nodded. 
“Fine. You can help. But there is no way I am putting your life in danger. As soon as things get bad, or anyone finds out, we need a cover story. I am not dragging you down with me.”
Theo let out a breath and grinned. He had stopped listening as soon as I had agreed to his proposition. Then he took my hand in a business-like manner and shook it formally. “It has been a pleasure doing business with you, Miss Avery Rose.” 
I laughed and dropped into an exaggerated curtsey, “And you, Mr Theodore.” 
Our laughter was interrupted by a cough from the other side of the room. 
“Do you two wanna get a room or…” Axil droned with a smug smirk on his face. Cecilia giggled and stroked Axil’s facial stubble affectionately.
“You’re one to talk Axil,” came a whisper that was barely audible from where I stood.
Cecilia turned her attention away from Axil and glared at Ellina. 
“Excuse me?” she piped up. “If you’ve got something to say about Ax, why don’t you say it to his face?” 
Ellina wriggled uncomfortably and bowed her head, cheeks red with colour. She was clearly regretting her interjection.
I felt bad for the girl. She had been standing up for me, after all. So I cleared my throat and spoke up. “I’d imagine she would’ve loved to say it to his face, Cecilia, but unfortunately your fat head is blocking the way. Besides, if Axil were so offended by Ellina’s comment, perhaps he should fight his own battles rather than cowering behind you.”
Theo snorted with laughter beside me, and Ellina lifted her gaze to meet my eye gratefully. I grinned back at her whilst Cecilia and Axil sat speechless, mouths hanging open in shock. I beckoned for Ellina to come and join us, and she quickly stood and pushed her chair back, eager to get away from the others.
The three of us made our way silently over to the far corner of the room where there was a lounge set up. Theo and I sat on a large navy sofa, and Ellina opted for a plush burgundy beanbag on the floor. 
“Thanks for that,” Ellina spoke first; nodding in the direction she had come from.
I smiled, “Any time. They deserved it.”
Theo chuckled and I jabbed him in the ribs, “What’s so funny?”
He shook his head at me, “You got pretty sassy for a while there, Avery. I was waiting for you to hand me your earrings so that you could go kick some ass.”
Ellina laughed and nodded, “I actually thought you were going to slap Cecilia for a second there too!”
I laughed too, “I have never hit anyone in my life! Wouldn’t have the foggiest idea how to go about it! Especially since Cecilia is much stronger than I…” my voice dwindled as I realized what I was saying. Ellina didn’t know that I wasn’t a Prime, and I wasn’t about to tell her. We didn’t need anyone else knowing our secret.
“No way!” Ellina said. “You’re at the top of the leader board Avery, you must be as strong as her!”
I turned to Theo desperately, and he cleared his throat. “So, what do you guys think  our next challenge will be?” 
I breathed a sigh of relief and made a mental note to thank him later. I was going to have to watch what I was saying. 
We spent a good few hours chatting about the tasks that lay ahead of us, and what we were going to do when the challenges were over. Ellina wanted to rescue her little brother from ever having to take the Cure. I had to spin a lie on the spot about how my first action after the challenges would be to go hug my non-existent dog. Theo cast his eyes down, and murmured that he wanted to visit his father’s grave. My breath caught in my throat as I remembered his father. He was always so kind and cheerful as he worked on our gardens. Suddenly, without thinking I threw my arms around Theo’s neck, my face leaned into his shoulder apologetically as tears welled in my eyes.
At that moment, Felix cleared his throat from behind us, and I quickly retracted my arms from Theo’s neck.
“Oh hey Fe.” I smiled meekly.
“Hey.” Felix looked at me quizzically. “What’s going on over here?”
“Ah, we are just catching up, not much.” I shrugged as Felix sat on my other side on the couch, causing Theo and I to shuffle closer together.
“Catching up?” Felix asked. “Catching up on what exactly? You guys barely know each other.” 
I didn’t like his tone, or the way that his eyes were glaring competitively at Theo. “Actually Theo and I were friends back when-“ 
“When we worked together on the first task for a bit.” Theo interrupted and spoke over me. I frowned, wondering why he didn’t want Felix to know that we had been childhood playmates. But since he had saved me from my slip-up before, I decided to let it go and ask him about it later.
“Yeah. Nothing brings two people closer than a death defying experience, huh Theo?” I tried to keep my voice light but saw suspicion flash in Felix’s eyes. Darn. That boy knew me too well.
“Aaaaanyway.” Ellina spoke up, breaking the awkward tension. “Where have you been Felix?” 
Felix turned to Ellina, who was blinking quite rapidly and had a pouty expression plastered on her face. Hold on a second. I frowned and examined her again. Was she…? She reached up and flipped her dark hair off her shoulder, batting her eyelashes a little. She was! She was flirting with Felix! 
“He has been sleeping on the floor by the buffet like a lazy pig,” I snapped, wanting to wipe the stupid expression from her face.
“Okay, okay, pipe down Ave,” Felix soothed, laying a hand on my shoulder. “No need to get all nasty. Ell was just asking a friendly question.” He looked at me, the twinkle had returned to his eye in full force. He knew that Ellina was flirting, and was enjoying my jealous reaction. I bit my tongue, but shrugged his hand off my back.
Ellina was blushing with joy, having received an original Felix-made nickname. I frowned, immediately decided that I hated those two. After a moment, Theo picked the conversation back up and again covered the awkward tension. I smiled at him and wondered why I was even jealous of Ellina and Felix. Felix was my best friend and nothing more. I lent my head on my friend’s shoulder, letting him know we were all good. After that, conversation flowed easily. We all talked and laughed together about nothing in particular and soon it felt like being with old friends. Felix and Theo were exerting their manliness by talking about the Olympian Games, whilst Ellina and I gossiped about my parents and the other families on Olympia. Soon we were all yawning in-between sentences, tired from the past challenges and overeating. I tucked my feet under Theo and nodded off on Felix’s shoulder.


Chapter 22

The booming voice of the aircraft awoke me. I sat up, blinking groggily, and looked around at the others who were doing the same.  
“Primes,” the voice began, “We have now reached your next task. When your name is called please use the exit immediately. Before leaving the aircraft you will be issued a clean set of clothes and a new pack that may come in handy for the following challenges. You will be released at ten minute intervals starting from the bottom of the leader board.”
The four of us looked at each other. I realized that it was not only Felix and me whose eyes were fear-filled now. After the death of Farrah, the two real Primes looked scared too. Felix rested his hand over mine. Theo winked at me, full of bravado, although there was no confident sparkle in his eye anymore. Ellina looked at the ground, wringing her hands together and chewing her lower lip. 
“Cecelia!” 
As her name echoed around the room, Cecilia sprung off Axil’s knee where she had been toying with his hair and batting her eyelashes at him sickeningly. She wiggled her fingers at us and smirked as she left the room. 
Felix stood and stretched. “I am going to fill up on ham before the challenge. I nearly died of starvation on those last two.”
“You only stopped eating a few hours ago.” I said
“Too long ago, I am a growing boy, ya know,” he grinned before turning towards the buffet. Then he stopped in his tracks and turned back to us.
“You hungry Ell?”
Ellina looked up from the floor, finally releasing her lip from her teeth, and blushed again. “Yeah.”
Felix held out his hand and pulled her up from the beanbag she sat on. I noticed that he didn’t release her hand as they walked to the food.
Theo turned to me. “So I will leave the craft and wait for you to come out twenty minutes later, yeah?” 
I nodded, “But Felix will be coming with us too.”
Theo glanced over to Felix, “I think Felix might have his own plans.”
I looked over at Felix, who now had his arm around Ellina’s shoulders. He must have made a joke because she was giggling and blushing. Man, that boy moved fast.
“He will be coming with us.” I repeated, my jaw clenched.
Theo held his hands up, “Hey, I am not trying to cause trouble between the lovebirds.”
I punched his arm. Hard. He barely winced. Stupid Prime skin. “We are NOT lovebirds. He is my best friend. That’s all.”
“Riiiiight,” Theo winked.
“Hey, I am serious. We are only friends. He is like my brother.”
Theo looked surprised. He inspected my expression for a minute and then smiled, “Really? Like a brother?” This time his tone was not sarcastic. The question was genuine.
I nodded. “Yup. Like the little brother I never had.” I was not sure why I was saying these things. I had never thought of Felix as a brother, and I had certainly noticed how good-looking he had grown up to be, in a way that a sister should not think about a brother. But at that moment, with Theo’s deep, chocolaty eyes staring into mine, I couldn’t care less about Felix. 
“Well then, I guess I was wrong.” He smiled and placed his hand over mine. I couldn’t help but wonder whether the gesture was a possessive one. “And me being wrong doesn’t happen that often so don’t get used to it.” He shot me a cheesy wink and I groaned.
“That ego is going to be the death of you.”
He shrugged. “You’d better hope not, sweetheart. After all, we are working together now, and if my ego kills me, who is going to watch out for Princess Avery?”
“Axil.” The voice boomed, as Felix sank back down onto the sofa next to me after raiding the buffet. Ellina didn’t sit, instead opting to walk in tight circles, around and around the couch we were sitting on, fiddling with her fingers and looking everywhere but at any of us.
“You alright Ell?” I asked
“I’m next.” She circled faster.
“Stop it girl, you’re making me dizzy.” Theo said.
“Sorry.” She fell onto the beanbag again and squeezed her temples. “I hate this.”
“Hey Ell…” Felix started, for the first time in his life sounding unsure of himself, “Why don’t you, uh, well why don’t you join Ave and me?” 
I shoved him.
Ellina frowned, “What do you mean, join you?”
“Fe, I am not sure that is such a good idea.” 
Felix frowned at me, and I averted my eyes from his questioning stare. I could tell he was thinking of the benefits of having a Prime on our team, but he didn’t know I’d already agreed to work with Theo.
“Or Ell and you could split off from Avery and me,” Theo said it as though it was a light suggestion, but the atmosphere suddenly grew tense. 
Felix stood from the sofa to tower over Theo, who was still sitting. 
“You’ve gotta be kidding. Do you really think I would leave Avery alone with you ever again?! You left her fighting a lion! You knew she had no powers and you left her in the middle of a forest! You can’t protect her, man. I don’t trust you with her. Maybe I don’t have your super strength or whatever, but at least I’ve always got her back.” 
I froze, staring at him with wide eyes. He was breathing hard from the rant, his face flushed. Then, after seeing my expression of horror, I watched him replay everything he had said in his mind. I watched the realisation dawn on his face. He had spilled our secret. He spun to face Ellina, his mouth agape.
Theo was silent; he wasn’t going to bother rebutting Felix’s argument. His eyes were also on Ellina, waiting for her reaction. Her eyes flickered between the three of us, her frown growing deeper. She was still processing.
“Hold on….” she murmured. I could see her mind pouring through what Felix had said, filtering the information through her advanced logic. Felix reached for her hand and clasped it tight. He cleared his throat, ready to offer Ellina an explanation but Theo slapped a hand over his mouth. 
“Wha-“ Felix turned to Theo angrily, swiping at the hand that muffled his voice.
“Not in here,” Theo whispered. “We don’t know how safe it is.”
Ellina looked baffled. She clearly still hadn’t reached a solution. Felix tapped Theo’s forehead mockingly. “Not just a pretty face,” he teased. No one laughed. Ellina looked to me for an explanation and I gave her a meaningful look, 
“Later Ellina. I promise we will tell you later.”
“Ellina!” The voice boomed and we all jumped a little. 
Felix squeezed her hand tight, “We want you with us Ellina. Please don’t try to do this alone. Wait for us outside.”
“I need to know what you are keeping from me,” she whispered.
Theo shook his head. “We can’t tell you in here. But I doubt it will change your mind about accompanying us. You’ve got to trust us here Ellina.”
She looked to me, and I nodded. “We really do want you with us, Ellina.” 
Her lips twitched into a tiny smile as she stood and released Felix’s hand. “Good luck you guys. I guess I’ll see ya round.” She spoke too loudly, almost shouting her goodbye. Then she winked and gestured towards her ear, to suggest that someone might be listening in. Then she turned and left the room. 
The air was tense now. The boys kept glaring at each other, though we sat in silence. It seemed like hours before Theo’s name was called. He gave me a quick hug and whispered in my ear.
“I'll be waiting,” he promised. I nodded and he walked away. 
Felix and I sat together on the couch. He combed his fingers through my hair, but looked in the other direction, clearly contemplating something. His name boomed over the speakers and he turned to me, grabbing my hand.
“I will see you soon Ave.” He looked me in the eye. “I love you.” 
My heart stopped for a second. Did he just say…? Don’t be silly Avery, I scolded myself, he meant it in a sibling way. I smiled at him and dropped his hand.
“Yup. You too. See ya soon, Fe.”
I stood up and paced around the vast room. It seemed even bigger with no one else in it. I wandered over to the food table, wondering if I should grab a handful of food to take on the journey. I decided a few bread rolls couldn’t hurt, and they would be light. Then I spied the bread knives. They might be handy as weapons. I paced the length of the table, and plucked a red lolly from the massive bowl of sweets. Deciding a sugar boost might help my energy levels; I unwrapped the sweet and started to suck on it. Ew. It was a cough lozenge. I spat the lolly back into its wrapper and tucked it into my pocket. I hated cough lozenges. I returned to the task of gathering food. By the time my hands were full with a bunch of rolls and two bread knives, my name was called.
I exited the room into the foyer area. There sat a new backpack and fresh clothes. I emptied my old pack, keeping only the lion mane, which I shoved into the new backpack along with the rolls and knives. Then I stripped off my dirty layers and shoved them into my new backpack as a spare set. I replaced my old outfit with a very similar pair of black tights, a black singlet and a black pullover. I retied my hair into a high ponytail and threw a new pair of black Nikes onto my feet. I lifted the backpack to find it was quite light, and tossed it onto my back. The door of the aircraft began to slide open when I noticed a movement out of the corner of my eye. I spun toward the door opposite the one I had come through. It had inched open slightly. I walked over to it and pushed lightly. It swung open.
Eva, the little blonde girl from basic training, stood in what appeared to be a storage cupboard. She had a finger over her lips in a shushing gesture. Her sweet face looked so terrified that I immediately rushed over to her and pulled her into my arms, stroking the back of her soft hair. She tapped my shoulder and handed me a folded note before shooing me towards the open door. I kissed her cheek and stood. The door was now fully open. I had to go. 
 I recognized my surroundings immediately. The air somehow felt lighter and crisper than it had done in the forest. It smelt like fresh grass and morning dew. The colours seemed brighter, all fluorescent green and blinding sunlight. Even though I stood in the middle of an endless field of grass without any landmarks in sight, I knew I was home. The door of the aircraft slowly shuddered to a close behind me, and the massive ship began to ascend into the sky. I stood, admiring my surroundings. I didn’t know my exact location, but there was no doubt in my mind that I was back on Olympia. 
Moments later, Felix sauntered over to me with a grin on his face, his arm lazily shrugged around Ellina’s shoulders, who was doing nothing to remove herself from the embrace. 
“Feels good to be home, doesn’t it Ave?” 
I smiled. It really did. I would never take the safe homeliness of Olympia for granted again. 
Theo walked over a minute later, “Whatcha holding there?”
I had forgotten about the note that Eva had handed me. I unfolded the paper expecting something along the lines of ‘good luck’ or maybe a picture, but upon reading the two words that Eva had shakily scrawled in what appeared to be red crayon, my stomach clenched, and nausea overwhelmed me. I dropped the note, letting it flutter onto the grass. My knees buckled and I collapsed to the ground silently. 
“Avery, what the…?” Theo started before snatching the note as the wind attempted to whisk it away. I watched his expression fall as he absorbed the words on the page.
“Crap.” He scrunched the paper in his hand and placed a supportive hand on my shoulder.
“What?” Felix asked, the dread evident in his tone. 
“They know,” Theo muttered, squeezing my shoulder lightly. Felix cursed and dropped his arm from Ellina’s shoulder. 
Ellina cleared her throat. “Okay, give it to me,” she said. “What am I missing here? And don’t you try feeding me any more of your pathetic excuses or conversation changers, Felix. I want the truth. What on earth is going on?”
We all looked at Ellina in surprise. She had been quiet since we boarded the ship, but now her tone was forceful.
“So guys, how about this weather…” Felix started. Ellina moved in a blur. She lifted her hand and slapped Felix across the cheek. The slap looked as though it has cost her no effort, but Felix’s head whipped around from the impact, a red stain blossoming on his face immediately.
“Ouch!” he cried, cradling his injured check. Ellina smiled, glad she had caused pain. But as she watched Felix cowering in pain, a look of realization began to cross her expression. She lifted her palm, staring at it, then looked at Felix’s face again. 
“That shouldn’t have hurt you…” she said.
“No.” Felix started. “It shouldn’t have hurt a Prime.”
This time, Ellina’s legs gave way and she crumpled to the ground next to me. I watched her expression change as she processed the information. Her eyes widened as the pieces of the puzzle began to come together. She caught my eye, “You too?”
I nodded, holding her gaze and reaching out a hand to hold hers. She snatched her fingers from mine.
“How could you?” she seethed. “People go their entire lives as Norms, never knowing the Prime life, or seeing Olympia. They don’t endanger everyone by trying to get out of the system! How could you be so selfish? You couldn’t stand the thought of living as the rest of us have lived all our lives? You two are pathetic.” Her voice was coming in gasps and tears were streaming down her face, dripping from her chin and splashing onto the grass below.
“Ell,” Theo’s voice was calm, “Listen to me.” Ellina’s breathing was ragged, and she swiped at her tears, but Theo continued, “Think about the consequences this could have. I mean, no one has ever managed to get away with evading The Cure before. If this works… If we can just get Felix and Avery through the tasks alive… we might summon enough hope and support from the Fields to crush the whole system.”
Ellina shook her head, “The Cure is a tradition built up over years and years, Theo. Two kids managing to survive a few tasks without some superpowers is not going to tear down the framework of our government. We can’t bring down Olympia alone.”
“We wont be alone,” Felix said. “With Avery and I involved, we already have the support of some residents of Olympia. Ave’s parents are Olympia royalty, and they won’t let her be slaughtered for breaking a few rules. And my parents hold a bit of prestige themselves; they will support us.”
“And most of the Norms in the Fields hate the system. They’d do anything to get rid of the tyranny. I think we might have a chance,” Theo concluded.
Ellina sat still and silent. We remained that way for a long while. Finally she looked me dead in the eye. “Well,” she said, “Would you give it all up?”
“What do you mean?” My voice was weak.
“I mean, would you risk everything for this? If it is ever going to work, we all have to be in it 100 per cent. We can’t have a weak link. Especially if there are people out there who already know that you two haven’t been Cured. They are going to try to take you down. There is only so much that Theo and I can do to protect you, we will be against other Primes who are much more advanced than us.”
I nodded. “I’m in Ellina. 100 per cent. I’ve hated The Cure and our stupid hierarchy all my life, ever since…” My voice trailed off as I looked up at Theo. His eyes met mine and he understood. I had hated the hierarchy since he had been taken from me because he hadn’t been considered good enough for me.
“Here is the thing,” Theo started, “The Alpha Primes are not going to make our little secret known.”
“Why not? Won’t they want to use us as an example of what will happen to those who disobey?” I asked
“Imagine the outcry!” he continued. “If you two managed to complete the challenges as humans, you would be the perfect figureheads for the start of an uprising. The only thing that is preventing a full-on rebellion is fear. The Norms are scared. Scared of the Primes and scared of the rules. They have no leader, no one encouraging them to fight back. They haven’t got the courage to rebel at the moment.”
“But if we were able to lead them…” I was catching on.
“Exactly!” Theo grinned. “The Alphas already fear the Fields. Think about the number of Norms compared to the number of Primes. Even with their powers, the Primes stand no chance against the masses. That is why The Cure dulls all but one sector of the brain, to reduce the chance of retaliation. Any hint of protest in the Fields might spread, and once there is enough rebellion, who knows what could happen.”
Theo was making sense. “I guess that is true,” I said. “The whole hierarchy could be brought down if enough Norms stood for it. The power that the Primes hold over the Fields is more mental than anything.”
“Exactly,” said Theo, “ Which is why we are safe-ish for now. You heard what the instructor said at training. Only a few people have evaded the Cure before and not one of them was able to make it through the initiation. We would be making history.”
Felix spoke up, “Hold on a second, how does that make us safe at all? The Alphas know our secret now! They can throw anything at us! They’ll just kill us during the tests.”
“They could do,” said Theo, “ But they cant be too obvious about it, or the other Primes – like Avery’s parents- will question why they are making the tasks so much harder for us than for the others. They wont let the Officials kill off their daughter, unless it looks like it was an accident, or the normal level of danger in a challenge.”
“That makes it even scarier,” said Ellina softly, “Knowing they are going to do it subtly. I mean, they are probably planning our deaths right now.” 
I shuddered, and we all sat still once more.
“I wonder how they found out,” I pondered aloud.
“They will be listening,” said Theo, “Just like how they listen to us in the Fields. They make it impossible for rebellion amongst the Norms by having us under constant surveillance. Every WallScreen goes two ways. We watch the Screen whilst it watches us. I bet that forest had bugs everywhere. The aircraft too.”
I winced. How could we have been so stupid? Of course they were watching us. The Alphas were obsessed with order and obedience; they would have had us under surveillance form the beginning, making sure we weren’t straying from their rules.
“So we’ve got to beat them at their own game,” said Felix. “We need a plan.” 
“I think the best bet is for us to try and finish the challenges unnoticed by anyone else,” said Theo. “From now on, you two are just as much Primes as Ell and me. You've got to be convincing.”
“Sure, but where will that get us?” Felix asked.
Ellina piped up, “The speech!” she said, “Of course! Theo that is genius!”
“Sorry?” I was confused, “Remember us un-Prime-y brains here, we don’t keep up with your superior thinking!”
Theo held his finger to his lips to hush us, and gestured around as though there might be people listening. He dropped his voice to a soft whisper. “The final ceremony,” he explained, “You know. At the end of the challenges, the highest ranked Prime always gives a speech. If we can make it until then without anyone getting killed, it would be the perfect time to tell everyone the secret. The speech is broadcast on Olympia as well as through all the Fields, so everyone would hear our story. And by that time, the Alphas won’t be able to hurt us, because the challenges will be over, so if they try to kill you, the rest of Olympia can step in.”
We all looked at each other, no one looked very confident, but it was a plan, and it was all we had. Theo offered Ellina and I both a hand, and pulled us up from the grass where we had been sitting.
“So, you two Olympia residents, where are we?” he asked.
Felix shrugged. “Not a clue, man, I didn’t ever explore very much, that was more Avery’s game.”
Eyes turned to me. “Uh, well I would say that it is late afternoon, and the sun is setting over there.” I pointed to the golden light that was slowly lowering behind a streaky orange sunset. That means we are on the South side of Olympia. Everyone lives over the other side, this whole area is basically unused.”
“Nice work for a stuck up princess.” Ellina nudged me, and I laughed, remembering our very first conversation.
“Cool.” said Theo “So now we know where we are, what way is it to the biological engineering labs?”
“The biological engineering labs?” I looked at Theo, bewildered, wondering why on earth he felt the need to visit my Aunt’s farm. “My Aunt’s place? Why?”
“You mean your Aunt owns the biological engineering plant?” he looked incredulous. I nodded. 
Aunt Tiana’s true love was animals. She spent her days using science to improve and adapt the animal kingdom. 
Theo clapped his hands and let out a chuckle. “This is great!” he said.
“What in God’s name are you talking about?” I was glad to see that Felix looked just as confused as I felt. 
“Well Hercules’ next task was catching Artemis’ hind,” Theo explained as though that short sentence were a sufficient answer.
“I’m not following.” I shook my head slowly.
“Think about it Avery!” Theo went on, “Most of the land’s farming is done in the Fields, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Except…?”
Now I understood where he was coming from. Aunty Tiana was not my blood relative, but she was Mother’s closest friend, and spent so much time at our house that she was like an Aunty. She was a cold woman, always poised and flawless, much like Mother. Although, unlike my mother, she was over a hundred years old. She was a biologist, responsible for developing the anti-age serums that everyone used to stay young. Her own skin was so smooth it looked like plastic. 
BeautySerum aside, my Aunt’s pride and joy were her animals. She dedicated her life to bioengineering living creatures. Ironically, she had probably designed the lions that were set on us in our first task. I remembered how she used to come knocking on our door with a different animal every day. A bunny, with enhanced spring, so that it could bound meters at a time, or a cat that she had trained to walk on two legs. Her favourite animal that she had ever created was her doe. It was a beautiful female deer with the strength of an ox, and the grace of a swan, and it had been her first successful creation.
 “Oh no.” I said. “Not Aunty Tiana’s doe.” 
“Bravo Princess,” Theo said with a mocking applause. “You’re cottoning on pretty quickly.”
“Don’t call me that,” I snapped. “And stop mocking me. This is serious. My Aunt would never let anyone get their hands on her doe.”
“Not even her favourite niece?”
“She never really warmed to me… Or any other human being. Except my mother,” I explained.
Theo frowned, “Then this might be harder than I thought.”
“How do you even know that is the task?” Felix asked.
“It is an educated guess,” Theo explained. “I mean, the other tasks have been following the same order as Hercules’ Labours, so I am guessing they’ll all stick to the pattern.”
“Yeah but how do you know Tiana’s hind is the right hind?”
“Well they dropped us on Olympia, what other hinds live up here?” Theo had a point. “But I say we set up camp here for the night, what do you guys think?”
“Yeah I need sleep,” said Felix.
Ellina laughed, “You slept the whole way here!”
“Well unlike you Primes, I get tired!” he argued. “And hungry. I could eat.”
We all laughed. 
“How could you possibly still be hungry?” I asked, “I watched you devour that entire buffet table.”
“I’m a man.” Felix puffed out his chest comically. “Men eat.”
“Okay then, if you’re such a man why don’t you go hunt us all some dinner?” I asked
“What? All alone?” Felix looked worried. “What if there are like…”
“What Felix? What if there are what?” Ellina chimed in.
“Well, like… scary things!”
That had us all rolling on the grass, laughing in the open field. After a while, my stomach hurt from laughter and my cheeks were burning. 
“I’ll go hunting with you Felix. We can be men together,” Theo said, jumping to his feet.
“Oh, our heroes.” Ellina pressed a hand to her forehead, acting the perfect damsel in distress, and sending us into a fit of giggles again as the boys wandered off to find food. By the time they returned, Ellina had managed to successfully light a fire by using two pieces of wood and a stone, and I had dragged a few logs over to use as seating. 
Felix and Theo set to work staking up three rabbits they had hunted and setting them over the fire to cook, and I removed four bread rolls from my backpack. 
“You are an amazing woman Avery Rose!” Felix said, planting a kiss atop of my head and snatching a bun from my hand. Theo came over and grabbed himself a bun too. 
“What he said.” He winked at me. I tossed a bun to Ellina and kept one for myself. When the rabbits were cooked through, Theo pulled the first one apart, and tossed us each a reasonable chunk. I shredded mine and added it to the bun. 
We all sat around the fire nibbling on meat and sharing stories whilst the sun went down and the stars came out. Then we used our backpacks as pillows, thankful that it was warm weather, we happily fell asleep under the night sky.

Chapter 23

Theo must have risen with the sun, because it was only a quarter of the way above the horizon when I received a pat on the head.
“Rise and shine!” he said far too cheerily.
I grumbled and rolled over, covering my eyes with my hands. “Too early.”
Ellina was up too; clearly early mornings were a Prime thing. Felix and I whined and moaned as the other two forced us up and shoved leftover rabbit meat in our direction. I shuddered a the thought of eating meat so early, but Felix cheered up immediately and shovelled both his and my share of the rabbit into his mouth. 
The sun was still only just perched on the skyline when we started walking. Ellina and Theo bounded out in front, and Felix and I lagged behind, making a point of yawning extra loudly. We hiked over the summit of the mountain at my direction. Aunt Tiana lived a little way below my house, and a while to the east. When I thought we had reached the right height, we began to traverse, finding a little dirt path leading around the mountain and towards Aunt Tiana’s labs. Although they were closer to the populated area of Olympia than our drop-off location, the testing grounds were still not close enough to see my house, or any other houses on the mountain. Tiana kept her distance from the rest of Olympia in case experiments went wrong or animals went awry. Even she lived a little way from her experimental labs in case something went wrong. But her doe was kept right next to her house, I remembered. When I was younger, Aunt Tiana had introduced me to the deer, and even let me sit on its back as it strolled around its paddock. I remembered how I had tried to feed it grass, and my Aunt had laughed, “No animal of mine would ever eat grass! They are on a vegetarian gourmet diet, with no sugar or preservatives, to keep them healthy and fit.” Instead she fed them grains and legumes, pureed into a paste that they lapped from dinner plates.
I had felt sorry for the creatures. My ten year old brains couldn’t imagine anything worse a life without any sugar. So I used to sneak out of Aunt Tiana’s house after dinner to take the animals the leftover dessert, and any sweets that I could find. The doe had loved them, always nudging my pockets looking for extra hidden lollies. 
I smiled at the memory, before stopping still. 
“Hold on a second.” 
Everyone turned to me, and I went on, “This is going to be too easy. The doe is locked up in a paddock, and it is completely tame. There must be some catch.”
Theo nodded, “I am sure there will be. But the sooner we get there the sooner we figure it out.”
“We are here.” I pointed to a horse that stood grazing a few hundred meters ahead of us.
“Aren’t Tiana’s animals meant to be scientific experiments?” asked Ellina, “I mean, no offense or anything, but that horse looks terribly ordinary and horse-like.”
“And where is the fencing to keep the animals contained?” Theo asked.
Felix and I laughed.
“The animals are kept in by force fields. That is why we had to stop walking so far away. You’ve got to watch out for them, they're basically invisible.” I explained.
“And as for the horse, maybe it hasn’t been used in an experiment yet.” Felix added.
As though it had heard me, the horse suddenly disappeared.
“Wha-“ Theo and Ellina’s’ jaws dropped. “Your Aunt is no scientist, Avery, she is a bloody magician. She makes animals disappear!” Theo was aghast.
I laughed. “I doubt it has actually gone. I would imagine she has figured out a way to make animals fur work like an invisi-suit.”
“What on earth is an invisi-suit?” Asked Theo.
“What, you guys don’t have those in the Fields?” Asked Felix. Upon seeing their bewildered expressions he continued, “I guess not. They're suits that make you invisible when you wear them. The Alphas wear them when they are in the Fields keeping an eye on Norms.”
“You mean, there are Alphas walking amongst the Fields all the time?” Asked Ellina with a shudder.
“Pretty much. How else would we police the behaviour of Norms, and punish them promptly for not doing their work?” Felix nailed the monotone drone that the Officials all spoke in.
I laughed at his impression but the others were silent. Ellina shot him a dirty look. “That is an invasion of privacy.”
Felix threw his hands up in a mock surrender, “Hey, I didn’t make the rules, and I’ve never even been into the Fields except for on school Field-trips. Ha-ha FIELD-trips. Get it?!” He laughed awkwardly, trying to break the tension, and failed. Ellina turned away from him with a low growl, and murmured something that sounded very much like a rude name beneath her breath.
“Aaaanyway,” I attempted to move the conversation along, “Shall we find ourselves a deer?”
Theo nodded eagerly, starting to move away from the bickering couple. “Yes let’s go guys, we are wasting time and daylight.”
Ellina remained standing still, her hand on her hips and her face turned away from Felix, who was trying to console her by stroking her arm; a gesture that Ellina swatted away.
I shrugged, “They’ll catch up when they've made peace.” Then I bent down to pick up a stick from the hillside. 
“What are you doing?” asked Theo.
“It’s the easiest way to detect the fences,” I explained, “Unless you want to just wander into them and see how effective they are?”
“Please,” scoffed Theo, “They cant be that bad! Tiana wouldn’t want to hurt the animals!” He puffed his chest out and strutted forwards. He had gone a hundred meters when he turned to me with a grin. 
“Maybe I am too tough to be affected by the-” his sentence abruptly ended when Theo was thrown off his feet. He sailed through the air and landed with a thud right next to me. I clapped my hand over my mouth to stifle my laughter. 
Theo groaned and rolled over, clambering back onto his feet. “Christ that hurt.”
I snorted and the laughter erupted. I noticed I wasn’t alone, when I herd Felix’s deep chuckle and Ellina’s giggle beside me. 
“Glad to have broken the ice.” Theo grunted. “So you two lovebirds have made up then?”
Ellina sniffed, “Let’s get a move on, we are wasting our day.”
Felix gave Theo and I an exaggerated wink. “Listen to the woman,” he said, sucking up to her, “Everyone should start gathering sticks to test for force fields.”
We spent the next few hours tossing sticks into the air to figure out where the fencing was, and uncovering the pathways between paddocks. We had passed a variety of bizarre animal experiments when I finally spotted the unremarkable doe that my Aunt loved so dearly. It stood, oblivious to our existence, facing the opposite direction. We slowly made our way between paddocks until we reached the deer. It still didn’t look at us. 
“How do we break through the force field?” Theo asked. 
“You cant,” I replied. “That is the point. You’ve got to turn them off at the power board.”
“And where is that?” queried Ellina.
I moved towards my Aunt’s house, recalling how I had seen her switch the fences off countless times at the main power board. She was a humble woman compared to my mother, and was completely satisfied with living in a small white cottage. The house was perfectly kept, surrounded by a pristine garden filled with daisies that she had engineered to grow to the size of sunflowers. I tiptoed over the cobblestones that marked out a pathway through the massive flowers, and found the power board in the very same spot it had always been. I waved at the others and shot them a thumbs-up. My Aunt had even marked the buttons on the board, the second button being labelled “fencing”. I pressed it, trying not to overthink the possible consequences from removing the only walls that contained my Aunt’s beasts without her around to keep them under control. 
“Have you done it yet?” I heard Felix’s loud whisper.
I dashed back through the garden. Nothing had changed. The animals remained in their allotted spaces, and the deer was still.
“It can’t be this easy…” I whispered.
Felix shrugged. “Who cares? I am not complaining just because one of these tasks happens to be less life threatening that the others.”
“I guess that it is easy for us because you guys know Olympia so well…” Ellina said. “I mean, if we didn’t have you two guiding us we would have had no idea how to get here, or how to pass the force fields and find the power board.”
I shook my head. “They know that Tiana is like an aunt to me. They wouldn’t have given me such an unfair advantage.”
Theo had started to move towards the deer, his arm outstretched. “Here, you pretty thing, you.” He was cooing. We all stood in silence, watching his approach. By the time he was an arms length away from the deer, which remained stock still, we were all grinning like maniacs. It was actually going to be as easy as lassoing the doe!
Slowly, Theo reached out, inching his hand closer and closer to the deer’s neck. Finally he let his fingertips brush the deer’s fur. The animal twisted its neck to face him; its usually yellow eyes were bloodshot and wide as teacups. Theo instantly dropped his hand and inhaled sharply.
At the same time, I felt a burst of warm air brush by my cheek. I turned, expecting to see Felix over my shoulder breathing in my ear. Instead, right beside me, stood the horse from earlier. It breathed again, sending another surge of air gushing into my face. I let out a tiny squeak. The others turned around too. We were surrounded. Every single animal we had passed by was encircling us, blocking any chance of escape.

“Well guys, there is definitely a catch.” Felix’s voice wavered as he eyed up the human sized rabbit in front of him, whose front paws were thumping at the ground like a bull ready to charge. The deer had loped lazily away from Theo, and slipped between a goat whose sharpened horns stretched straight out in front of him like javelins, and a snake, which had eight sets of legs, making the serpent the height of a dog. We were still inside the circle, with no way out.
“Ellina and I will fight.” Theo instructed, though his voice had less authority than normal. “You two try come up with a plan.”
“Maybe the deer will recognize me from when I was younger?’ I suggested. Felix didn’t have a better idea, so I moved towards the circle of animals, my eyes locked on the doe’s. As I neared the animal barrier, the serpent coiled its neck back dangerously and the goat bowed his head, horns pointing straight at me. I held my hand out, offering it to the deer, but the animal did not move. I took another step, and the eyes of every animal followed me. I moved into the gap between the snake and the goat, and suddenly the goat turned, its horns catching the fabric of my top, lifting me, and hurling me through the air. I flew for a few seconds before landing hard on the ground. I gasped for breath, winded, and the rest of the animals began to close in.
Ellina and Theo sprung into action, moving swiftly, each taking on two animals at a time. I scrambled to my feet as Theo fought the snake and a spider twice the size of him. He jabbed the snake between the eyes causing the animal to recoil whilst he attempted to snap one of the spider’s legs. 
Meanwhile, Ellina was throwing punches between the goat and an eagle that was swooping towards me, its beak sharpened to a swordfish-like spike. She was strong, but even between the two of them, they would never manage to take out all of the animals. There must have been between forty and fifty mutated creatures, and every one of them was aiming to kill.
Felix must have had the same thought, because he grabbed my hand and spun me towards him, “We’ve gotta think of a plan Ave, or we’re toast.”
“Any ideas?” I asked him.
“Go for the deer,” he instructed. “By the way it looked at you, I think it remembers.”
“That didn’t work out so well last time...”
“I will act as a distraction,” he said, “you head straight for the deer. I don’t think we have any other option.”
I nodded and spotted my target. Felix approached an oversized centipede and prodded its rump. It turned towards him, red eyes glaring. Felix gulped and then flung his arms in the air, waving them wildly and dancing like a crazy person. The animals all turned to stare at him, perplexed. I took the chance and started moving towards the doe, slowly and smoothly, trying to avoid any attention. I was a meter away from the creature when it lifted its nose into the air, sniffing for something. It turned to me and took a step forward. I stepped towards it again and it matched me, once again moving closer.  It sniffed again. Prodding my torso with its snout. Then it butted its head into me, hard. I stumbled back with the weight of the butt, my knees shaking. I knew the deer could take me down very easily. It was my Aunt’s first project, and she had proudly explained how she had used the essence of a rhinoceros to enhance the deer’s strength. I held my hand out flat, as I had when I was young. The deer ignored the peace offering and instead butted into my stomach again. I grunted and doubled over, winded. But I was not ready to give up; I knew that it recognized me. Tentatively, I reached a hand out and scratched the deer behind its ear, as my Aunt used to do. It paused, and nuzzled into my hand. I stopped scratching, and threw my arms over the other side of the deer, preparing to mount it. This time it butted into my hip so hard that I was lifted off my feet. I crashed to the ground again and the deer loomed over me. I looked around for help, but Ellina was still fighting the eagle, and Theo was surrounded by three giant hamsters whose front teeth had been stretched to the size of elephant tusks. I couldn’t see Felix but guessed the he was in the midst of the enormous huddle of creatures a few meters away. I curled into the fetal position, hoping the deer might think I was dead and leave me alone. It bowed its head to me, sniffing my body. I stayed still, eyes squeezed shut. The deer’s nose nudged my hip. I didn’t move. It nudged me again and again. I wondered if it was playing with its dinner. But it kept nudging, never once baring its teeth. Surely if it wanted to eat me, it would’ve done so by now.
After what seemed like hours of being nudged and sniffed by the creature, Theo appeared and threw his arms around the deer’s neck. The animals turned from where they were encircling Felix and watched Theo. Suddenly they began to stampede towards him.
“Plan?” yelled Ellina, the bird finally leaving her to help the rest of the animals fight Theo.
“Nope.” I replied.
“Well clearly fighting them doesn’t work. It’s a shame we don’t have a carrot.”
Seeing that Theo had mounted the deer, the animals came to a halt, eyeing him up suspiciously. They were trained to kill humans, but they were trained to protect the deer. So they stood, waiting. Preparing to charge Theo the moment he dismounted.
“A carrot?” I asked.
“Yeah you know the saying.” Ellina whispered, as she tiptoed behind the creatures, not wanting to alert them to her presence, “About the mule either needing a stick or a carrot.” 
We looked at her bewildered.
She sighed. “The stick represents a threat. And if the threat doesn’t work, which clearly it hasn’t,  then the only way to get the mule to move is to dangle a carrot in front of it as an incentive.”
Then it hit me. I finally had a plan. I ran to Ellina, threw my arms around her neck and squeezed. 
“Not the time for cuddles Ave! And girl, you are strong for a Norm!” She pushed me away from her and readied herself for battle against the animals that encircled Theo and the doe. I reached into my pocket.
“Why didn’t I think of it before?!” I exclaimed. 
“You mean a carrot?” Felix asked, confused.
“Yeah!” I said. “Well no, not exactly a carrot, but an incentive. I wondered why the deer kept nudging my side. It was because I have a sweet in my pocket!”
“Riiiight.” Said Felix, as he watched the animals surround Theo, who sat mounted atop the deer, warily eyeing up the other creatures, “And why is that of any importance at this moment?”
“When I was young I used to feed the doe my after dinner sweets!” I said as I unwrapped the cough lozenge that I had spat back into its wrapper and held it in the palm of my hand. The deer sniffed again and turned to face me. Theo frowned, his arms still gripped around the animal’s neck. The stampede parted as the deer moved towards me. It stopped a few meters from me, and I closed the distance, slowly, arm outstretched, lolly on palm. Theo’s eyes were squeezed shut as he held on for his life.
Hesitantly, the deer bowed its head, sniffing at the sweet, before gently plucking the lolly from my hand. As it sucked on the lolly, I began to scratch its ears again. Theo opened his eyes as shot me an ‘are-you-insane’ look. I motioned for him to dismount. I was sure the deer remembered me now, so I would be the most logical rider. Theo slid off the doe, eyebrows raised. I threw my arms over its neck and dragged myself onto the animal’s back, still petting its head. The other animals stood still, watching the encounter. I squeezed my heels into the deer’s side as my Aunt had taught me, and the doe began to walk smoothly, back through the pathway that the other animals had created. It continued walking until we reached the back of my Aunt’s house, where a barn stood. The deer strode into the barn and stopped in front of a harness that hung on the wooden wall. I twisted on the animal’s back, thighs clenched around its torso to keep my balance, and pulled the harness from its hook. I pried open the doe’s mouth and placed the bit inside, wrapping some leather straps around its ears and holding the reigns tight. I slid off the deer’s back and landed on my feet, still holding the reigns, and tightening a strap around the animal’s belly. 
Satisfied that the harness was on correctly, I led the creature from the barn and back towards my friends, who stood bunched together, eyes locked on the angry animals. As I approached, the rest of the creatures turned and watched me walk the deer, leading it by its reigns. This seemed to trigger something in them, because they all began to disperse, no longer interested in protecting the doe. Theo started a slow clap as I reached the group, and I smiled, dropping into a low bow. I stood again, and the smile was wiped from my face when I saw Felix. His arms were covered in bruises, and his eye was swollen shut. Blood trickled from his nose and his lip. I cursed. 
“Felix!” I dropped the reigns and wrapped my arms around him lightly, not wanting to hurt him further.
“Next time… you’re the distraction.” Felix said, before coughing and spitting out a wad of blood.
“You were stupid Felix.” Ellina said.
“Jeez,” said Felix with a hint of sarcasm, “No thank you's, or ‘you’re-my-hero’s’? there’s just not pleasing this girl.”
“Brave,” said Ellina with a little smile. “You were brave, but stupid.”
“HA!” laughed Felix. “You were worried! You thought I was going to die and you were scared for me! I knew she cared!” He threw his hands up in celebration, but quickly brought them back down, wincing in pain as he coughed and spit up more blood. 
We started to laugh, when I noticed the deer walking away. I dashed after it and picked up its reigns. It kept tugging.
“Maybe it wants us to follow it?” Ellina suggested. I nodded and we walked after the animal, back down the mountain. It started to get dark but he deer showed no sign of stopping.
“We don’t have much daylight left.” Theo said. “But I thinks its best we don’t stop until we get to wherever we are going.”
“You think we should run?” Felix asked
“You two jump on its back,” he said. “Ellina and I can run alongside.”
Felix mounted the deer, and held out his hand to drag me up after him. I dug my heels into the animal’s sides and we took off. The deer was fast. Everything moved by in a blur of colours, and I squeezed my arms around Felix’s waist to stay on. No more than fifteen minutes later we came to a stop, Ellina and Theo skidded to a halt beside us. We were in front of a tall hedge. I looked up. It was less of a hedge and more of an enormous wall of dense foliage, stretching high into the sky.  
Theo touched it hesitantly, “What is this?”
Felix and I dismounted the animal and it nudged my shoulder lightly, before turning and dashing away.
“I was getting attached to that little guy,” said Felix “Where is he going?”
Theo shrugged. “I’d imagine he has to get back to his paddock to let Axil and Cecilia try to catch him.
“Guys look!” yelled Ellina, who had wandered away in her inspection of the hedge. We followed her, and looked to where she was pointing. There was a gap in the foliage, and a walkway made out of more hedging.
“A labyrinth,” said Theo “The next task that Hercules faced was the boar. I am guessing the monster is somewhere in this maze.” 
“Maybe we should set up camp for the night, and tackle the maze tomorrow?” said Ellina. 
We all agreed, the exhaustion from the day hitting me and causing me to yawn loudly.
“Ill go find something to cook,” said Theo, as Ellina began preparing to light a fire.
“Good man,” said Felix. “I’ll sit here and do nothing.”
“Big surprise there.” Ellina grumbled.
“Hey!” said Felix, a hand over his heart in mock heartache, “I am an injured soldier! Have some empathy woman!”
I groaned, unable to put up with their constant bickering. “Wait for me Theo, I’m coming with you!” 
I ran to catch up to him. We walked for about ten minutes, following the hedging when he stopped me, clapping a hand over my mouth. He pointed to the top of the hedge where a group of pigeons sat cooing quietly. He dropped to his knees, and foraged on the ground, before standing up with a handful of stones. Holding his finger to his lips again to remind me to keep quiet, he tossed one of the pebbles. The throw looked as though it had cost him no effort, but he hit his target, a good twenty meters above him, and the pigeon wavered and toppled over, falling off the hedge and landing at my feet. Before the other birds even knew what was happening, Theo had thrown two more stones. I gathered the three feathered bodies that lay on the ground, trying not to show my amazement so I wouldn’t build his ego further.
We walked in silence for a while. I slid a side-glance at Theo, who was wearing a self-satisfied smirk.
“What’s with the smugness?” I asked
“Come on.” Theo elbowed my side. “You’ve gotta admit that was pretty cool.” 
I laughed, “Meh. I could’ve done it.”
“Please, you couldn’t even throw a ball through a hoop a few years ago! Let alone knock out a pigeon with a pebble twenty meters away.”
I shrugged, remembering how he used to laugh at my inability to score any goals against him on my backyard basketball court. “Well I have been practicing! And I happen to be a very talented basket baller now.”
“I call liar.”
I laughed. “Okay fine. I am terrible at aiming. But who tamed the deer today?”
Theo nodded, “Yeah okay, I will give you that one.” 
We neared the campsite and I stopped in my tracks. I knew the time wasn’t right, but Theo’s weird behaviour about our past had been bugging me since I talked to him at training. “Theo.” I said. 
He turned to look at me, his eyebrow raised, “Yeah, princess?”
I scowled at the nickname and regrouped my thoughts, “Why do you not want me telling anyone about when we were friends on Olympia?”
Theo looked at the ground and shuffled his feet, but didn’t answer my question.
“Theo?” I asked again. He remained silent.
“Hey.” I touched his shoulder lightly. “I get it if you don’t want to talk about it. It must’ve been a really hard time.”
Theo met my gaze again and shrugged. “Can we talk about it another time?” he asked. His voice was so soft compared to his usual tone, and my heart hurt for him. Guilt consumed me all over again. It was my fault that his family was broken. I gave him a light hug and we kept walking. Finally we reached the other two, who were sitting at Ellina’s impressive fire, warming their hands and laughing. 
Theo prepared the birds for cooking while Felix retold an exaggerated version of the story of how he had managed to distract the animals during the challenge earlier that day. It might have been the exhaustion or the fact that we hadn’t eaten in a while, but we all agreed that the pigeon dinner was of restaurant quality, and polished off all of the meat easily. After we had eaten, Ellina put out the fire and we fell asleep almost immediately.

Chapter 24

I awoke to Theo shaking my shoulders, his face very close to mine. 
“I am starting to really resent letting you come with us, Theodore,” I moaned. “The bloody sun isn’t even up.”
“We have to get moving!” Ellina said brightly. “We don’t want to get stuck in darkness in that maze.”
Realizing she was right, I rolled over and clambered to my feet. 
“Fine.” I said, combing my fingers through my matted hair, well aware of Theo’s eyes on me. For a moment I wished I had a mirror so that I could sort my appearance, then I mentality slapped myself for being so pathetically shallow. Get a grip Avery. Felix was already standing, but his squinted eyes suggested that he was about as enthusiastic about getting up at dawn as I was. I shot him a grimace, and he returned the expression, before Theo took my hand and dragged me through the labyrinth entrance. 
We walked for about ten minutes, following the hedge’s path without having to make any decisions, before we hit a fork intersection.
“Left or right?” Theo asked me.
“Why do I have to decide?” 
“Well one of us does, we’re not splitting up, or we’ll never find each other.”
“Left.” I said.
“Maybe we should leave some sort of marker. So that we know if we end up going in a circle?” Ellina said.
“Good idea,” said Theo, looking around for some token to leave. We all emptied our backpacks, but found nothing that could be left behind. Then Theo pulled his shirt over his head, and easily began to tear strips off the bottom of it. He made it appear as though he were shredding paper instead of the thick polar fleece our pullovers were made from.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
Theo tied one of the strips to the hedge, on the left side of the intersection, to signal that we had chosen to turn left at the fork. He turned to me and smiled cheekily. I felt my jaw drop, and I swear he flexed his muscles. 
“Do you have a problem with this method Avery?”
I choked. “Absolutely not.”
“Didn’t think so.” He winked as I struggled to regain my breath. Stupid boy.
We continued to weave our way through the maze, turning left at every intersection, when we hit a dead end. 
“This is gonna take forever,” Felix groaned.
“And I’ve run out of shirt. I don’t want to tear up my spare one.” 
“I guess Felix will just have to use his…” Ellina said in a bad attempt at innocence.
I grinned in her direction, but neither of the boys seemed to notice our enthusiasm towards this new plan. Felix took his shirt off. This was my favourite challenge yet. We made our way back to the previous intersection and took a right turn, running into yet another dead end. After two more failed attempts, everyone was cranky, and Ellina and Felix had started their insistent bickering. I took the two bread rolls from my backpack and halved them, handing them out. We ate and took a sip of precious water from our flasks, before continuing. The next right turn did not take us to a dead end, instead leading to another intersection.
“Thank the Lord,” said Felix. “Another dead end might’ve killed me. Ha-ha! Get it?! DEAD end! Killed me! HA!”
No one was listening to him. Theo and Ellina were both staring at the pathway on the right. I followed their gaze and saw the hedge move slightly. Felix noticed the movement too, and fell silent.
“Something’s there,” said Theo. “Stay right here you two, Ellina you come with me.”
She nodded and they began to move down the right pathway.
Then I heard Theo curse loudly and yell, “RUN!”
I didn’t need any further direction; I grabbed Felix’s hand, turned and sprinted down the left pathway. We ran until we hit another intersection and then stopped. There was a loud pounding of feet, too loud to be Theo and Ellina following us.
“We’ve gotta keep going Ave,” whispered Felix, tugging me to the right. We started running again. I tried to remember each direction we took as we wove our way around the labyrinth, but lost count of the turns we were taking after the fifth intersection. Finally Felix came to a stop. My heart was burning and I panted loudly. I tried to hush my breathing as we both strained our ears to listen for any sign of our friends, or whoever, whatever, else was hiding in the maze. Silence.
“We lost them. Or it. Or whatever was chasing us,” said Felix, his hands on his knees as he caught his breath.
“Yup, but we also lost Ellina and Theo.” I replied with a sigh.
After getting our breath back, we decided that we needed a plan, rather than just aimlessly wandering through the maze.
“Maybe we should just call out for them?” Felix suggested.
“Yeah but then whatever was chasing us will hear too.”
“Do we really have a choice?”
I agreed, and we started to yell out for our friends, making our way through the labyrinth, turning at random. 
Finally I heard a shout. I instinctively clapped my hand over Felix’s mouth, and shouted out again. Another reply came from a long way in the distance. Theo. I led Felix in the direction of Theo’s call. We hit an intersection and I called out. Theo yelled back and we turned left, following the sound of Theo’s voice. We carried on this way until we didn’t need to shout anymore. We were so close, that we could hear their footsteps. 
“Avery?” came Theo’s voice, so close it sounded as though he were standing in front of me.
“I’m here,” I said, my voice nearly a whisper. I heard him curse. He was right in front of me. But there was a twenty-meter high hedge between us. I looked up at the wall of thick foliage and pressed a hand against it. Solid as if it were brick. 
“Hack through the hedge?” came Ellina’s voice.
“It’s too thick,” said Theo. “Reckon we could climb it?”
I heard a rustling as they attempted to scramble up the wall, followed by two loud thuds and a curse.
“Damn it. The hedge can easily hold our weight, but there is nothing to hold onto but leaves. We can’t get any grip.”
Then I had a thought. I opened my backpack, and pulled out one of the bread knives. 
“I don’t we will be strong enough to cut through the maze with a bread knife, Ave.” said Felix.
“No,” I agreed. “ I was thinking we could use it to make a rope from the vines.” I started to saw at one of the thick stems in the hedge. But even using all my strength barely made an impact. “I’m not strong enough,” I sighed.
“But we will be,” said Theo from the other side. I moved back as far as I could, and threw the knife with all my strength over the hedge. It cleared the top and Theo yelled out,
“I underestimated you, princess, you have been practicing your throwing.”
I grinned smugly and leaned back against the hedge, listening to Theo carve away at the vines whilst Ellina tied the plants together to make one long rope. 
“Okay,” came Theo’s voice, “I think it’s long enough to reach you now. I’m going to throw it over the top of the hedge. Heads up!” 
The makeshift rope came flying over the wall, and landed in Felix’s hand. Felix wound the end of it around his wrist and reached for me with his other arm, clenching it tightly around my waist. 
“Ready.” he said, his grip tightening further around me. Suddenly we were lifted off the ground, and swung face-first into the hedge.
“Ow!” I moaned with a face full of greenery.
The plants scratched and caught our clothes as we were dragged up, up, and finally reached the wall’s top. Once we were settled on the hedge, I looked down, and waved.
“Nice to see ya.” 
“Avery, look,” said Felix, straddling the hedge and motioning around us. “You can see everything from up here.” 
I looked around. He was right. We could see every intersection and pathway. I scanned the labyrinth, but stopped when my eyes fell on something. A creature. A huge, hairy, four legged monster that stood only a few turns away from Theo and Ellina. Surely that was what had chased us earlier. It was an enormous animal, some sort of cross between a boar and a bull. It had huge ivory tusks, but stood as tall as a bull with curled horns atop its head, and the stocky build of a bull rather than a pig’s stature. I pointed, lost for words, and Felix nodded, pointing in the other direction. There was another one. I scanned the rest of the maze. There were four beasts in total. 
Theo shouted, “Can you try memorize the pattern of the maze whilst you’re up there?”
“There isn’t one!” I replied. I looked down at the twists and turns that the hedge wove in below us. It was completely random.
“I have an idea,” said Felix, “but I’m not sure it’ll work.” He took off his backpack and rummaged through it. “I need something to draw with.”
I understood his idea immediately. He wanted to sketch the maze, but I didn’t see how it could work, “Even if we had something to draw with, what would we sketch it on?”
“Hey!” exclaimed Ellina, “I brought some coal with me from last nights fire in case we needed to camp in the maze tonight!” She opened her pack and pulled out three lumps of coal. “Catch!” She threw them up and Felix caught them one by one. Then he handed them to me.  
“The exit is there,” he said, pointing. I saw the break in the maze that he was referring to, but I still didn’t understand the plan. Then Felix stood, turned his back to me, and patted his bare back over his shoulder. “Blank canvas, Ave.”
I picked up the first piece of coal and began to sketch the best path through the labyrinth onto Felix’s back. It didn’t take long, and we were quite close to getting out if we took the fastest route. Only a handful of intersections away. Unfortunately there was an obstacle.
“Reckon we can get around an angry looking giant bull, or boar, or whatever it is?” I asked the two on the ground.
“No sweat,” replied Theo.
“Then let’s go,” I said, tossing the coal back to Ellina and patting Felix on the back. Then I stopped in my tracks. I looked down. Crap. We were really high. Suddenly Ellina and Theo looked very small, and the distance between them and us seemed even higher than the tallest turret of my home on Olympia.
“You’re gonna have to trust me, princess,” Theo yelled up. Oh god. He looked really, really small from twenty meters up. Felix put a comforting arm around my shoulders.
“You battled a lion, Avery Rose, I’m pretty sure you can manage a little jump.”
I looked down again, shuffling my toes over the edge of the wall. Theo held his arms out in a cradle and I closed my eyes. Felix gave my shoulder a squeeze.
“I’ll catch you Avery, I promise.” Theo reassured me.
That was all I needed. I counted to five and tipped myself off the edge.
The fall was brief, too brief for a scream, but long enough to make my stomach twist into a very complicated knot. I landed in Theo’s arms and he bent his knees with my weight to relieve the shock. Then he gently lowered me to the ground. “Easy,” he smiled. Before holding his arms out for Felix.
“This is emasculating.” Felix shouted.
“Nah, don’t worry about it man, I’d be honoured to be your knight in shining armour.” 
Felix grunted and took a deep breath. 
“I’m not so good with heights.”
“It’s barely higher than the fall you took at training.” I assured him.
Felix frowned and looked down worriedly. I watched his expression as he had a mental battle between his ego and his fear. Finally, he shut his eyes and threw himself off the hedge. Theo caught him and Felix batted his eyelashes, his hand to his forehead, 
“My hero!” he gushed, as Theo dropped him to the ground.
Felix walked in front so that we could read him like a map, and we told him which way to turn, taking the directions off my sketch. We got to the last turn and I stopped still. 
“The beast.” I whispered.
“You guys stay back.” Ellina whispered.
Theo and Ellina moved past Felix and I, taking the lead. Theo had the vine rope coiled around his arm, and he quickly fashioned it into a noose, one of the knots we had learnt about in training. He motioned for Felix and I to remain still, and tugged on Ellina’s hand, pulling her around the corner with him. There was a moment of silence, then a snort that was definitely not human. Then came the advancing stomping of hooves, the scuffling of feet, and a squeal from Ellina. A series of curse words, shouted commands and shrieks of terror later, there was finally a loud thump. I exhaled, realizing I had held my breath through the duration of the fight.
Finally Theo grunted, “It’s over. You’re safe.”
We rounded the corner to find the beast lying on its side, legs bound by the rope, Theo sitting on its broad chest, Ellina standing next to it, cradling her arm. Felix immediately ran over to her and examined the injury.
“What happened?” I gasped as I approached her. There was a large gash that stretched from Ellina’s wrist to her elbow. The sleeve from her black pullover had been torn off in the battle, and a thick coat of blood replaced where the fabric once was.
“Got caught by its horn.” She inhaled sharply as Felix reached towards the wound. “It’ll be alright.”
Felix used the last scraps of his shirt to fashion a tourniquet, like he had done for my ankle days earlier. He wrapped her arm up tight, his hands gentle and his expression pained.
“Better?” he asked once he was done.
“Better.” she nodded, smiling at Felix’s concerned expression.
I looked away.
“Are you okay?” I asked Theo. 
“I’m fine,” he said. “Just a few bruises.”
I nodded. Then looked at the beast. “I don’t think we should just leave it there.” 
“The alternative is taking a ferocious, bloodthirsty monster with us,” said Felix, still stroking Ellina’s arm. “Look at what it did to Ell. We can’t exactly befriend it, Ave.”
I looked back at the beast, lying helpless on the ground beneath Theo’s weight. I made my way around to the creature’s head and knelt down. Its eyes were huge, almond shaped, and a rich gold in colour. I reached out a tentative hand. The animal’s gaze followed my movements suspiciously, but it never attempted to lash out. I smiled. 
“If my Aunt created it, which I am sure she did, it’ll be tame-able. She never made an animal that couldn’t be tamed,” I said confidently. “Anyway, it might come in handy to have a beast as our bodyguard.”
“I think Avery’s right,” said Theo. “I think the beast could be a huge advantage.” He slid off his perch on the animal’s torso and landed lightly on his feet. “Do you remember what Hercules’ seventh task was?”
“The bull!” said Ellina.
“Right,” nodded Theo, “ A bull. And what does this beast here,” he tapped the animal’s head with his hand, “look like to you? Avery?” He turned to me.
I shrugged, “I don’t know, it sort of looks like a cross breed?” I guessed, feeling as though I were being called on in class without having done my homework.
Theo continued, “To me, this monster looks like a cross between a bull and a boar, don’t you think?” 
We all agreed.
“So maybe these beasts are the seventh task as well as the fourth task, right? The Alphas who created the tasks would’ve assumed that we would slay the beast, because that’d be the easiest solution.”
Ellina caught on. “Of course! If we slew the beast, it’d make the other beasts angrier, and make the seventh task even more difficult. But if we tamed it, we could eliminate a whole task!”
Felix still looked unsure and he was eyeing up Ellina’s arm warily. “I don’t know you guys,” he said. “It seems a bit farfetched to me, guys. Theo’s just spitballing. Are we really going to waste hours, maybe even days, taming a monster because of some random theory? What if this creature has nothing to do with the one in the seventh task?” 
“What if they're right though, Felix?” I argued. “If we cancelled out an entire challenge it’d save us days of time. Anyway, I wouldn’t feel right killing the animal, or leaving it here all tied up like this.”
Felix groaned. “Fine. But it can be your responsibility.”
I smiled and nodded. Then crouched to pat the animal’s head. It snorted a little and anger gleamed in its eye, but it didn’t move. I then started dismantling the knots that Theo had tied around the creature’s legs, and retied them around its snout and horns, fashioning a makeshift muzzle and reigns. I untied the last knot from around the animal’s hind legs, readying myself for a kick, but the beast remained motionless. It lay, defeated, on the ground, breathing slowly. I gently tugged on the reigns I had made, trying to coax the animal to its feet. Still no movement. 
“The poor thing is exhausted,” I said, scratching behind its ears lightly.
Felix snorted and said, “Let’s just get out of this maze and onto the next task. Speaking of, what is next on the agenda, Theo?”
Theo smirked, “Didn’t anyone else listen at school?” Felix and I shook our heads in unison. We had never been good students. But Ellina cleared her throat.
“Actually I know Hercules’ twelve tasks inside out, but I prefer not to be such an insufferable know-it-all about it.”
Theo feigned a punch to her head, “Shut it you, or I’ll let the beast deal to you properly next time.”
She smirked, “The fifth task was the horses of the Aegean Stables.”
“Horses?!” Felix sniggered. “Sounds like a breeze compared to everything else we’ve dealt with. Plus, Ave is pretty much an animal whisperer, so it’ll be a cake-walk.”
“I think you’re in for a wake up call,” said Theo. “Let’s get moving and Ellina can tell us the story of the horses on our way to the stables, since she is apparently the brains of the group now.” 
“Ha!” Ellina mocked. “The brains of the group now?! Don’t kid yourself Theo, I always was.”
Theo grumbled and I turned away from the bickering. I pulled the last bread roll out of my pack, broke in in two, and held it up to the bull’s mouth. He sniffed the bread before sticking out a long pink tongue and wrapping it around the roll. The creature chewed and swallowed. Then looked at me expectantly. I took out my flask and tipped the last drops of my water into the beast’s open mouth. Then, slowly, the animal got to its feet. Its eyes trained on mine the whole while. I maintained eye contact but saw the others moving away from us in my peripherals. Remembering the technique I had used with Tiana’s doe, I slowly reached a shaky hand towards the animal’s nose. He nudged my thumb, sniffed at my palm, and then snorted. I stroked the bridge of its snout, its hair surprisingly soft beneath my touch. The animal nuzzled into my hand and I turned to smile at the others.
 “I think he will be okay for now,” I said, “We will just have to keep him fed.”
“Great,” said Felix sarcastically, “Feeding a mammoth sized boar slash bull. Sounds like fun.” 
I threw my empty water flask at Felix’s head, but he lazily stretched out an arm and caught it with a smug grin.
“Nice reflexes, man,” clapped Theo, “You sure you’re not a Prime?”
“Just naturally talented in every way.”
“Shut up Felix,” said Ellina, “Let’s go.” 
I led the way, tugging lightly on the beast’s reigns; it followed me without a fight. We started down a concrete path, which we assumed led the way to the next task.
“So tell us the story of the Alien Horses, Oh Wise One.” Felix poked Ellina’s side.\
Ellina giggled, “Aegean, Felix. The Aegean Horses.”
“Don’t worry man,” Theo consoled Felix, “I, for one, am glad. Alien Horses would have been a lot more worrying. Tell us about the Aegean Horses, Ell.”
“Well, to make a long story short, basically Hercules was sent to clean some really grotty horse stables that hadn’t been cleaned in forever. Turned out they were too gross for him, so he rerouted some nearby rivers to do the job for him.”
“Rerouted…?” Felix voiced my doubt.
“Er. Yeah,” said Ellina. “He literally moved the entire river to flush out the stable.”
“Oh good,” said Felix a little too brightly. “So all we have to do is pick up some rivers and move them? Easy peasy.”
We ignored him. “So we are going to have to clean?” I asked. “Sounds pretty straight forward.”
“And luckily for us,” Felix said, “Cleaning is a women’s job, so you two girls can get to work on the grime whilst Theo and I do more manly stuff, like hunting down some dinner, with Meatloaf here.”
“Say cleaning is a women’s job one more time…” Ellina growled under her breath. I grinned at her unexpected violence, but I was used to Felix’s sexist remarks. I turned to him,
“Meatloaf?” I asked.
“Yep. That’s what I am gonna call him. Fitting, don’t you think?”
I laughed, “I love it! But you realize the fact that you named him means you’re getting attached.”
“Never,” said Felix.
We walked in silence, and without rest, for a few hours except for a stop to feed Meatloaf the rest of his bread roll. We caught a whiff of the stables before we saw them. Soon, the stench grew so potent that, by the time we neared the wooden structures, we were all pinching our noses in disgust. The stable looked as though it were falling down, and most of its red paint had peeled off or become brown with dirt. We walked around the structure to the front and found only eight stalls. To our surprise, they were occupied. The horses in them were beautifully groomed, with shining coats and combed manes. 
“If someone takes so much effort with grooming the horses, why don’t they look after the stables too?” Ellina asked.
“I am guessing Tiana has engineered the horses to maintain a perfect appearance,” I said. “My Aunt likes things to be beautiful. It’s why she invented BeautySerum.”
“So, we’ve got to clean this pigsty?” Felix asked.
“Wait a second,” said Ellina, “Hercules bent rivers, right?”
Theo laughed, “I know I might seem just as heroic as Hercules,” he winked. “But I don’t think, even with my superior strength and stamina, I could bend a river.”
Felix groaned. “Shut up, man. Vanity only suits me.”
“Vanity doesn’t suit you.” Ellina and I said together, before bursting into laughter.
Then Ellina said, “I didn’t mean we should bend rivers. I meant we should find them. The horses need water to survive, so there must be a water source around here somewhere. We should use it to fill our flasks and keep Meatloaf happy. And where there is a river there are usually fish, right? So we can eat, feed the bull, and bathe?”
I swooned a little at the idea of bathing. “YES!” I yelled too enthusiastically. 
“Wait,” said Theo, “I have an idea…”
“NO!” I yelled again, fearing that Theo was about to remove the prospect of washing from our schedule.
He laughed, “You can have your bath, Avery. But I think we should manage our time. I mean, we cant exactly clean the stables while the horses are standing in there, so we should do that while they're at the river. One of us should follow the horses, while the others start cleaning.”
As if the animals had been listening, the horses simultaneously knocked open their stall doors and began to canter away. Theo immediately turned and sprinted off after them, waving at us over his shoulder,
“I’ll be back when they’re done.” He caught up to them easily and ran alongside until we could no longer see the strange group.
“I guess that means we are cleaning,” I said, tying Meatloaf to one of the stalls and pulling up the sleeves of my jersey. We found two shovels and a pile of washrags at the back of the stable. Ellina and Felix grabbed the spades and started shovelling the mountains of horse excrement out of the stable and into a pile out front. I dunked a rag in a very grimy looking trough, which had a puddle of water in the bottom, and started to scrub at the stall’s walls. 
Theo soon returned with a smile on his face, “Stop shovelling, I have an idea.”
We all stopped.
“The river is really close. Only about half a kilometer away.”
“So…?” I asked confused.
“So if water is running a half a kilometer away, chances are if we dig a little way down, we’ll reach water not far from ground level.”
“If we use the river to clean the stables it’ll be much easier.” Ellina said, and jabbed her shovel’s blade hard into the earth. “Quicker too.”
 Theo took Felix’s spade off him and began to dig alongside her. I tossed Felix a washrag, and we continued to work on the stalls, knowing we wouldn’t be much help with the digging.
It wasn’t long until Theo and Ellina hit water. It was only a meter beneath the ground. After they had uncovered enough water, they began to length the hole, turning it into a trench that ran along the front of the stalls. By the time the horses returned, the trench was quite impressive and the water was reasonably deep. It also blocked the horses from returning to their stalls, meaning that we could continue cleaning as they grazed on the other side of the trench happily. By the time the sun began to disappear, the stable was finally clean, so we filled in the trench and let the horses back into their stalls. We were all in good spirits having knocked out two challenges in one day, so we chatted happily on our way down to the water, Meatloaf in tow.
The river was wide, surrounded by rocks, and pale blue in colour. I sighed with happiness, knowing that hygiene was not far away. Then I pulled off my trainers and dipped a toe into the water. I squealed. Icy cold. But we hadn’t bathed in so long that we all stripped down and dove in eagerly. I paddled to the other side of the river, enjoying the way the water soothed my aching muscles. Upon reaching the other side, I dragged myself onto the rocks and scrubbed the layers of grime from my body and face, before combing my fingers through my matted hair, pulling out the knots ruthlessly. As I dragged the last dreadlock out of my hair, Theo swam up beside me. 
“Shave it off,” he said with a wink, “No knots.” 
He shook the water from his head and ran a hand through his dark hair to prove that it wasn’t knotty. I sunk back into the water and swatted him over the head. “But then I might look as ugly as you!” I laughed.
“Oooo ouch Avery, that one cut me deep.” He splashed water in my face and I began to choke. Coughing and spluttering, I planted both my hands on top of his head and pushed as hard as I could, submerging him under the water. 
He struggled under my grip and grabbed at my sides, trying to tickle me. I laughed, pushing his head deeper under the surface. The tickling stopped. Then I felt him go limp. I swore and wrenched his face up to the surface.
“THEO!” I yelled into his face. But his eyes were closed, his expression blank. There was no movement. “THEO!” I yelled again. I felt tears rush to my eyes and my whole throat closed in terror. I gulped and whispered, “Theo?” Then the corners of his mouth twitched. I raised my hand and slapped his cheek as hard as I could. A red swell blossomed on his cheek, but disappeared immediately. He burst into loud laughter.
“I HATE YOU!” I screamed at him.
“Nah you don’t.”
“I do!” I yelled, “I hate you with every fiber of my being. I am going to set Meatloaf on you. Yes. That is what I will do. I will train him to attack and then set him on you, and none of us will rescue you because you are a sick and twisted, egotistical, sadistic, ridiculous…” My voice trailed off as Theo laughed and laughed. “AND WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?!” I was hysterical.
“If you hate me so much, princess,” he began, “Then why was your expression so terrified when you thought you’d drowned me?”
I shoved some water at him and swam away leaving him coughing and choking behind me. I paddled over to the riverbank where Felix and Ellina were wringing out their clothes.
“Lover’s tiff?” asked Felix. 
I grunted as I launched myself out of the river and onto the bank, “Don’t wanna talk about it. And we are CERTAINLY not lovers.”
Ellina patted my shoulder sympathetically. “Boys are dumb,” she whispered. “Lets ditch them while we can.” I smiled, thankful for having a girl around who could empathize, and squeezed her hand. Then I gathered up all my clothing and started to wash them thoroughly in the water, wringing them out and hanging them on a tree nearby to dry out. Ellina started a fire and we all sat around it in our underwear, thawing and drying out.  
“Couldn’t you get used to this?” Felix whispered to Theo. 
“You mean get used to having water to bathe in? Me too!” I agreed.
Theo snorted, “That’s not what Felix meant.” 
“I wasn’t speaking to you, Theodore,” I said coldly, not having forgiven him after the fake drowning incident.
“I was referring to your new choice of attire, my ladies,” said Felix in a ridiculous English accent.
“You pig,” Ellina said, pulling a hair tie from her wrist and flinging it at him. It was an excellent shot, and hit him straight in the eye.  He cursed and squeezed his eye shut.
“You kinda deserved that, man, you’ve got to start treating them with the respect they deserve.” Theo patted Felix’s shoulder. 
“You’re just sucking up to Avery so she forgives you,” said Ellina, and I smirked, laying my head on her shoulder.
“I might’ve been,” winked Theo, “Did it work?”
His tone irked me, so I stood abruptly and stalked over to Meatloaf, who was tied to the same tree our clothes hung from. I untied him and led him to the stream, where he started lapping up water eagerly. After he had finished drinking, I pushed on his behind lightly, letting him know that he could wade in. He took a small step into the icy river and let out a snort. I laughed, “I know how you feel, Meatloaf! It’s freezing in there.”
He refused to move any further, so I scooped some water into my palms and began to scrub away at his bristly fur. I worked my way from his neck, to his thick torso and around his legs. Then I started on his face more gently, even polishing his horns and tusks. “Well, you clean up very nicely, Meatloaf,” I whispered to him, “You’re going to have all the girl beasts flocking to you.”
I heard a sharp laugh behind me and spun around to find Theo standing a few meters away. The hand covering his mouth did nothing to hide his chuckling. I rolled my eyes at him and turned back to Meatloaf. “You can feel free to attack that one at any time,” I said into the animal’s ear and pointed at Theo.
“Hey,” said Theo, “I am sorry for laughing. And I am sorry for fake drowning and scaring you, but did you seriously think you could drown me? I’m a Prime remember. I could have flicked you off me like an ant. Plus, we can hold our breath for ages.” 
He held out a hot smoked fish as a peace offering. He must have speared it in the stream and then grilled it over Ellina’s flame. I wanted to decline the offer. I definitely did not forgive him, but I knew Meatloaf would need some sustenance, so I stomped over to him and snatched the fish, before returning to Meatloaf’s side. I separated the fish into segments and fed Meatloaf bit by bit, his gentle tongue, lapping at the palm of my hand. By the time he had finished the whole fish, Theo was standing right beside me. He had another fish in his hand, which he held out.
“This one is for you, not the beast.”
“Meatloaf,” I corrected him.
“Right. Meatloaf.”
I took the fish from him and sat on the grass. Meatloaf lowered his massive body to the ground next to me, rolling on his side and allowing me to lean against his torso. 
Theo sat too, “I think someone is getting attached.”
“I am not! He is just here to protect us.” I argued, absent-mindedly scratching Meatloaf’s ear.
“I wasn’t talking about you,” said Theo, “I meant that Meatloaf is getting attached to you. I think I might have some competition.”
“What do you mean?” I was confused.
He dropped his voice to a whisper, “I think Meatloaf has a crush on you.”
Before I could help myself I burst out laughing.
“Aha!” exclaimed Theo with a grin, “She is back!”
I ignored him and dug into the fish. It was good, and I was hungry. I finished my meal quickly and held the scraps out to Meatloaf. Theo sat patiently, a worried look in his eye. I decided to cut him some slack. After all, he had brought me dinner.
“So what’s the next task?” I asked Theo.
“The Stymphalian birds,” he replied. “A bunch of angry and lethal birds that terrorized an entire city until Hercules shot them out of the sky.”
“Sounds like fun.” I grimaced. 
“We’ll be okay.” Theo rested an arm around my shoulders. “You know, we are halfway through after this one.”
I groaned. “That means after this one we still have six more to go!”
We lay in silence as the sky darkened, the sunset being replaced by a black sheet, dotted with a scattering of stars. 
“You know the Greeks used to be big on astronomy?” Theo asked.
I nodded. That was the one class I had listened in. Space fascinated me, and I knew most of the main constellations by heart. The thought that there were no rules or limitations up there excited me. I shivered, but less from cold than from the amazement that often overcame me when I considered space, and its endlessness.
Theo tensed his bicep, squeezing my shoulders tight, “You all right, Princess?” he asked.
I looked up at him. “Theodore.” I put on my business voice. “I have knocked out a lion, survived fatal poison, captured a hind, navigated a labyrinth, befriended a beast and cleaned out the most disgustingly dirty stables that ever existed with my bare hands; I hardly think your silly nickname for me is justified any longer.”
He chuckled. “I guess you are right. You’re not such a princess anymore. But old habits die hard.”
I scoffed, “Hardly an old habit, Theo. We hadn’t talked in years until a few days ago.”
He shook his head, smiling sadly. “Actually, when my father and I were banished from Olympia all those years ago, I was really upset,” he started. “I used to try and sneak out at night, to come back up the mountain and find you, but my house only had one bedroom, and four of us living in it, including my parents and my younger sister. I must’ve tried about ten times before Dad started telling me stories about you. He called you a snobby princess, and went on about how you would never like me because you didn’t care about Norms, only other Primes. He said you probably had a boyfriend, and when I saw you on the Wallscreen news with Felix, I guessed that you two were together.”
I laughed at that.
“It wasn’t just me who thought that!” he continued. “All the Norms think you two are a couple. You’re always together on the news. Anyway I listened to Dad’s stories and started to hate you. I don’t think I ever really believed that you were as horrid as he made you out to be. I remembered how gentle you had been with the bird, and how you were so kind to my father and I. I guess it was easier to hate you than to keep pining for you…” His voice trailed off and I sat. Gob smacked. For once in my life I had nothing to say.
“Did I just ruin my bad boy street cred?” Theo asked after a minute of silence. I laughed.
“No.” I said quietly. “I think I needed to hear that. I wasn’t sure why you hated me so much. I get it now. And Theo, I really am so sorry for everything that happened.”
“I know,” he whispered.


Chapter 25

Theo and I jerked awake at the same time. It was early in the morning. Much earlier than I usually woke. I blinked rapidly. Something heavy had landed on my chest and woken me. I sat up, and Theo did the same, stretching out his neck. The object was a small box, wrapped in brown paper, and there was a small white envelope attached. I noticed Theo handling an identical package that had landed on his lap.
“What on earth..?” I asked. 
He tore open the envelope and unfolded a white square of paper. The words ‘Stop me before I reach my destination’ were printed on his note. I ripped open my own to find an identical message. We tore open the boxes at the same time. I recognized the device inside immediately.
“Why would they give us a watch?” Theo asked.
“It isn’t a watch,” I said. “It’s a GPS. My Dad uses one to navigate the Fields.” I pressed the ‘on’ button and the screen lit up, projecting a hologram of a map into the air.
A woman’s voice spoke out, “Rotate 90 degrees and proceed for 3000 meters, then rotate 300 degrees. Proceed for a further 900 meters and you will have reached your destination,” she said in a robotic voice.
Theo started his device too. “Rotate 120 degrees and proceed for 1000 meters, then 40 degrees and proceed for 2000 meters. Rotate 50 degrees and proceed for 500 meters and you will have reached your destination.”
My stomach sunk. They were forcing us to split up. They knew that Felix and I would never be able to survive alone, and they had found a way to ensure we could no longer rely on Theo and Ellina’s powers. 
Ellina and Felix ran over to us, Felix arrived after Ellina, gasping for breath, “Got… to…. Split… up,” he panted.
“What is the note talking about?” I wondered aloud.
“I don’t know,” said Ellina, “But my guess is that we’d better hurry. It says, ‘Before we reach our destination,’ Which makes me think that they’ve already sent whatever it is meaning by ‘we’, and that it is on some track to a target. We have to stop them before they hit their target.”
“I though the task was birds?” I asked Theo.
“It is meant to be,” he looked confused. “But no point dwelling on it. We have to go. Ellina and I will sprint to our destinations now, return to the stream, and then meet you guys at your destinations to help you out. I’ve got Avery’s directions memorized, so Ell you listen to Felix’s and we will get going.”
Felix and I nodded. “What if you don’t get to us in time?” I asked.
Theo tried to look confident. “We will. I promise.” 
“Ave and I are never going to get there in the allotted time. They expect super speed,” said Felix.
“I think Avery should take Meatloaf to her destination, and Felix, I think you’d should take one of the horses.”
At that, Theo turned and sprinted back to the stables. Whilst he was gone I tried to mount Meatloaf. It was no good; I kept sliding off his curved back.
“Have you still got your lion mane?” Felix asked, and I nodded, removing my pack and pulling out the mane to show him. 
“It could be a saddle?” He suggested.
I spent a few minutes refashioning the vines that I had used to make Meatloaf’s reigns, to incorporate the mane as a saddle. I climbed onto his back again. It wasn’t perfect, but it would do. Theo returned moments later with a chestnut steed. He had saddled it up in worn leather and handed the reigns to Felix.
“We had better get going,” said Ellina. She gave me a quick hug and shot Felix a little smile, “Good luck.”
We all echoed her, wishing each other luck in unconfident whispers, and I mounted Meatloaf. Theo and Ellina shot off in opposite directions. Felix settled himself in the saddle and reached for my hand, squeezing it tight.
“You be bloody careful, Avery Rose,” he said, and I nodded. 
“You too, Fe.” I blinked back tears, and kicked Meatloaf’s sides. The animal sprung into action, running in my assigned direction at an impressive gallop. It didn’t take long before my GPS signaled that it was time to turn. I leaned to the right, causing Meatloaf to alter his course, swerving right until the GPS showed that I was heading in the right direction. A minute later I spied a bundle on the ground and the device on my wrist started beeping. I slowed Meatloaf, and we came to a stop. I dismounted and ran to the bundle which lay quivering on the grass. I gasped as I reached the destination. It was a human. A tiny body curled up in a fetal position and shaking with fear. The light blonder hair that covered the child’s face looked familiar. I gasped as the kid sat up, noticing my presence. Eva. 
I crouched down and wrapped her in my arms. “Eva,” I said softly, “Don’t worry honey, I am here, it is all going to be okay.”
She burst into tears, sobbing and gasping for breath. 
“What’s the matter?” I asked her.
“It… it…it  isn’t going… going to be okay.” She sniffed.
“What do you mean Eva?” I asked stroking her back soothingly. “Of course it is. I am going to keep you safe.”
She shook her head sadly, and I gently wiped a tear from her cheek. “What’s going on, darling?” I asked her. Her pale blue eyes lifted to meet mine, sparkling with tears.
“You’re not a Prime,” she said with a sniffle. “I know you’re not. I heard the Alphas talking. They said you tricked them. Now they are trying to… to….to kill you. So that no one can ever find out.”
“It’s okay,” I said, “We have a plan.”
She shook her head again. 
“It’s too late.” A tear rolled down her cheek and I immediately caught it and dried her eyes. She continued, “It’s coming. It’s already on its way, and you can’t stop it because you don’t have powers. Only powers can stop them. The Alphas said only Primes could stop the missiles and even then the missiles will hurt them, but you won’t be able to-”
“The missiles?” I interrupted her.
She nodded. “They split you up so Theo would stop helping you.”
“Its okay,” I said again. “Theo is coming here to help.”
“Too late,” she repeated. “The missile is already coming. It is going to get me.”
“Why is it coming for you?” I asked. “Wouldn’t they direct it to me?”
“Because they found out I gave you the note. That note that warned you that the Alphas know. Now they put a tracker in my body and the missile is chasing me. They said I should thank you for killing me.”
I gasped. “How long do we have?” I asked her. 
She shrugged as my GPS bleeped and a hologram countdown timer appeared. The number thirty, rolled into the number twenty nine. Under thirty seconds.
I jumped to my feet, mind reeling. I was not going to let this little girl die. I looked over to Meatloaf, realizing that I only had one option. Bile rose in my throat and I moved over to the beast, taking his reigns and leading him towards Eva.
“What’re you doing?” She hiccupped.
“This is Meatloaf.” I introduced as I positioned the animal beside Eva. I blinked away tears as I prepared to say goodbye to the beast. I really had grown fond of him, but I would rather he take the hit than Eva. The countdown struck twenty.
“I don’t want Meatloaf to die either!” Eva exclaimed stroking his freshly cleaned fur.
“Neither do I Eva, but you’re more important.” I stroked her hair and watched the countdown strike fifteen.
Eva moved from patting Meatloaf’s fur, to stroking the lion mane saddle. “What is this?” She asked.
I was fidgeting and nauseous, thinking about the pain I was about to inflict on an innocent creature. I kept picturing Meatloaf being hit. Blood. Meatloaf’s cry as he died.
 “What?” I asked Eva distractedly, not having heard her question. The timer struck ten.
“I said, what is this?” She pointed to the lion mane again. Suddenly an idea struck.
“Impenetrable lion mane.” I murmured. Before grabbing at the saddle, fumblingly untying the knots that I had fashioned moments ago. I finally freed the mane.
“LIE DOWN!” I yelled at Eva and she quickly obeyed. I pushed on Meatloaf’s hind until he lay down in front of Eva, and she snuggled underneath his massive body. Then I threw the mane over Meatloaf’s figure, nearly covering his entire body in the golden hair. The timer struck five.
I made sure the two were completely covered, kissed Meatloaf’s nose moved away from the odd looking pile I had assembled in the grass. The countdown hit one and I heard a strange sound. It started off soft, like a mosquito’s buzzing, and became louder and louder. The holographic image of a ‘one’ became a ‘zero’. The buzzing was now almost deafening. Suddenly there was a loud CRACK!
The ground underneath me quaked and a powerful force of air struck me from the direction the missile had hit. I flew through the air and landed on my back. Then I jumped to my feet immediately and ran over to the impact zone. A large crater of dirt had appeared, and inside it lay a silver bullet-shaped object, about the size of a loaf of bread. 
At the edge of the crater lay the mane-blanketed Meatloaf. The mane was entirely unscathed, but it was also unmoving.
“EVA?!” I screamed.
Relief overwhelmed me as I heard a muffled sound and the mane began to wriggle. Meatloaf stood, shaking off the lion’s hair, to reveal a trembling Eva. I ran to her. “Are you okay?” I asked, taking her into my arms and pressing my lips to her forehead.
She nodded. “It was loud,” she whispered.
“But did it hurt you?” I asked.
“Couldn’t feel it.” 
I sighed in relief and collapsed onto the ground next to her, not letting her go. We sat for a long while, until Meatloaf came over a planted a huge, slobbery lick on my cheek. Eva giggled as I wiped at my face, removing the strands of thick saliva. I began to laugh too when Meatloaf licked her arm. 
“AVERY!” Came a shout that sounded miles away, though by the time I turned in the direction it came from, Theo’s super speed had carried him to only a few meters from were we sat. I waved and pulled thumbs up at him.
“You play with Meatloaf,” I said to Eva, kissing her head again and standing to meet Theo. He used his super speed to skid to a stop right in front of me, almost bowling me over, and grabbed my shoulders. He looked into my eyes for a long time, and then pulled me into a hug. 
I groaned. “You’re hurting me, Theo,”
He laughed, “Sorry.’ And let me go, holding me at arms length again. “I give up, Avery Rose. How the hell are you and that little girl still alive?”
It was only then that I noticed that his entire face was swollen and coloured purple and blue. “What happened to you?” I squeaked, laying a hand softly on his cheek.
“Doesn’t matter,” he replied, and hugged me again.
I shook my head and took Theo’s hand, leading him over to where Eva sat with Meatloaf.
“Eva,” I said, “This is Theo.” 
She gave a little wave.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Eva,” he said politely, crouching down to her level and shaking her hand. She blushed. 
“Would you care to tell me how you are still alive?” he asked.
Eva nodded vigorously. “Avery was brave!” she said excitedly. “She was so brave. First she was going to get Meatloaf to stop the missile. She put him in front of me and everything even though she loves Meatloaf and I love Meatloaf too.”
“But Meatloaf is still alive…” Theo said.
I shrugged. “I wasn’t sure that Meatloaf would stop the blow, and you might’ve been right, I have grown quite attached to the big brute.” I said slapping Meatloaf on the back fondly.
“So…?’” Theo asked.
“Actually Eva inspired me. Tell him, Eva.”
“I was patting Meatloaf and then patting the pretty saddle, and then I asked Avery what the saddle was, since it doesn’t look like a normal boring saddle.”
“The mane,” said Theo, hitting himself in the head with realization, and then wincing at the pain.
“Why didn’t I think of using the stupid lion mane..?”
“I wouldn’t have thought of it either, until Eva reminded me.” I said. “I am guessing you stopped the missile yourself.”
“How do you come to that conclusion?” asked Theo jokingly, rubbing his bruises.
“Because you’re all hurt!” squealed Eva and Theo laughed. 
“You’re right Eva, it seems that even with powers I am not as smart as Avery,” he whispered, ‘but don’t tell her that or she’ll get a big head.” Eva nodded solemnly, holding out her little finger. Theo touched his giant pinky to her tiny one, locking in the pinky swears.
“Eva!” I gasped, pretending to be hurt, “I thought we were friends!”
Eva wrapped her arms around my waist. “We are friends,” she said with a smile.
I took Theo’s hand and led him away from Eva, “Can we take her with us?” 
Theo shook his head. “That would be a bad idea. It would be one more person to protect, one more to slow us down. And one more mouth to feed. They won’t leave her here, Avery. They’ll come and pick her up. She’ll be safe.”
“They tried to kill her, Theo. They put a homing device in her skin.” I all but spat the words.
“The task is done now. They can’t harm her anymore without raising suspicion. She is safe for now.”
I nodded. I knew she was. Eva’s family would ask about her, and the Alphas wouldn’t be able to answer them without giving away my secret. I walked back over to Eva, and explained to her that I had to leave. Tears welled up in her eyes but she nodded bravely. 
“You do have powers, Avery,” she whispered in my ear as I held her tight. “Not Prime powers. Not like super strength. Other powers.”
I smiled at her as I pulled away, “So do you my darling, you are very brave. And very very smart.” 
Theo crouched and took Eva’s hand, raising it to his lips in a light kiss. “It was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Eva,” he said with a bow. 
She blushed and we began to walk away from her. Her lip quivered and I gave her a little wave. “See ya ‘round Eva.” 
She waved back, and I mounted Meatloaf, squeezing his sides and charging back towards the stream.
Theo arrived back at our campsite before me, and was already standing with the others. I breathed a sigh of relief to see Felix and Ellina alive. But as I neared them, I saw that Felix was drenched in red. I swore. That was a lot of blood. I dismounted Meatloaf and ran to embrace Felix. “What happened?!” I gasped, “Where are you hurt?”
He held me and turned to kiss the side of my head, “It’s not my blood,” he whispered against my hair.
I stepped back, my eyes scanning Ellina, whose arm was now fully recovered. She was as black and blue as Theo was, although didn’t appear to be bleeding. 
I frowned, “Then whose…”
“Ellina didn’t make it to me to stop the attack,” Felix said, “I used the horse to block the missile. It was disgusting.”
Ellina turned to me, “You have Meatloaf still. Does that mean you let your hostage die? I wondered if that would be the best option since they were criminals anyway.”
I stopped still and faced Ellina, wondering what she meant. “Criminals?” I asked. “What do you mean by criminals?” I shook my head in surprise. Surely Eva wasn’t a criminal.
“Wait, wasn’t your hostage a prisoner?” Ellina asked.
“No!” I cried, “My hostage was Eva! The little girl who showed me to my room back at training.”
Felix and Ellina exchanged glances and Ellina spoke again, “We both had criminals. I had that Norm from the mining Field who tried to blow up Olympia. Felix had the guy who killed his daughter rather than let her be Cured. What about you Theo?”
Theo nodded. “I had a criminal too.”
I shook my head in disbelief. Although I wasn’t really surprised. “It was a personal attack.” I muttered, “They found out Eva gave me the note. It was a punishment. A warning.”
“So how’d you save her?” asked Felix. I recounted the story as we made our way to the river and Theo picked up a handmade spear ready to stab some fish. By the time I finished filling the others in, Theo had caught six fish. Ellina had already started a fire, so we prepared the fish quickly, ravenous. Before eating my own dinner, I took two raw fish over to Meatloaf and laid them at his feet. Then I joined everyone as we devoured our meals. 
“I guess the Alphas will come pick us up tomorrow,” Theo said, once we had washed our hands of the meal scraps.
“They will pick us up?” I asked. “For what?” 
“Well we have done six tasks. Normally they celebrate the halfway point with a banquet. I’m sure your parents would’ve told you about it. It is really famous.”
Mother had forced me to sit through hours of photos of herself completing the tasks, and at a handful of parties and banquets. I vaguely remembered her in a floor length gold satin gown, which hugged her tiny figure, and had a low scoop at the back, baring her flawless skin and taught back muscles. It was when I had noticed that she was beautiful, not just because of Aunt Tiana’s serums, but with a true natural beauty that made her stand out in a room. People always told me I looked like Mother, but I knew that was not true. Her features were sharp and angular, whereas my face was soft, much like the rest of my body. I would never be able to wear a gown like the golden one. It would stick to all the wrong places and accentuate my lack of curves or any figure whatsoever.
“I remember the one,” I murmured.
“Really?!” Ellina asked excitedly, “Tell us about it! What is it like? Is there dancing? And what do we wear?!”
I shrugged, not wanting to dwell on the topic. Suddenly feeling down, and homesick for the first time since I left the comforts of Olympia, I lay down and rolled over, blinking back tears. Who would have thought I would miss my uptight, too-perfect mother? But the pain in my chest suggested that I did. And my father. Even though I rarely saw him, I admired the man. He always seemed more human than my mother, not attempting to cover up any flaws in himself, or in me. He voiced his true opinion rather than what was expected of him, and he always stood up for what he thought was right. A tear rolled down my cheek and I wiped it away angrily. I didn’t want to cry. I would be fine. I scolded myself for being so pathetic before drifting into a deep sleep.


Chapter 26

A strong sense of déjà vu hit me, as my eyes blinked open. The aircraft hovered over our campsite again and the whirring noise had awoken me. Theo and Ellina were nowhere to be seen, but Felix lay beside me, his hand touching mine lightly. I wondered, briefly, if he had fallen asleep holding my hand. When I drew my fingers away from his he jerked awake. He blinked groggily, looking around and then up to the sky, groaning at the sight of the aircraft.
“Why are we always on the earliest flight?” he whined, sitting up. “Where are the others?
I shrugged and got to my feet. “What are we going to do with Meatloaf?” I asked.
“I don’t think they will let you take him…” said Felix.
I smiled at him, “I have the upper hand here. I can come clean at any time, and tell the Fields our secret.”
“How will that help exactly?” he asked with a frown.
“The Alphas will look ignorant, flawed and, well, stupid. It’ll look like I’m confessing of my own accord, and like they never even knew I had fooled them,” I explained. 
Felix grinned, “Sounds like fun.”
I nodded and went over to where the animal lay on the ground. “Wake up, Meatloaf, you’re about to come on a bit of an adventure,” I said as I stroked his back. A tap on my shoulder made me jump, and I turned to find Theo, wet hair dripping in his eyes. I swooned a little bit, before slapping his arm.
“Could’ve woken me for a bath too!”
He chuckled and shook his head, “Oh no,” he said. “I refuse to wake Sleeping Beauty unless absolutely necessary, you’re scary in the morning, Ave.”
The aircraft landed.
“You’re not taking Meatloaf,” said Theo incredulously.
“I am,” I argued. “You said yourself that the bull is a later task. Meatloaf might fit the description. We could save a whole lot of time, remember?” 
He was silent for a minute. “I guess they don’t have much choice but to let you take him, do they?”
I smiled, “That is exactly what I told Felix.” I took Meatloaf’s reigns and led him towards the aircraft with Theo, Ellina and Felix following close behind. We boarded the ship. Now familiar with its layout, and headed straight for the room we had travelled in on our last flight. The door was locked.  The ship’s voice boomed over the speakers.
“Welcome back, Newbies. Today we will be travelling to the destination of your next task. You may have been expecting we travel to the famous Halfway-Banquet, however due to the fact that your next task is situated in a location inappropriate for a dinner party, your banquet will be held at the end of the tasks instead. The flight will take ten hours. It is currently 7am, meaning we will arrive at the destination at 5pm. You may use the day as you wish. Your GPS watches are currently downloading a map of the ship, which will show you the location of the aircraft’s many amenities. Take the elevator now to travel to the second level of the ship, where you will remain for the duration of our journey. Enjoy.”
We looked around for an elevator, and I noticed the wall to our left slowly splitting in two, giving way to a large marble elevator. We stepped inside and I towed Meatloaf after us. There were no buttons to direct the lift, but when the doors closed, the elevator began to move. 
The doors opened into a long hallway, and Theo switched his watch on, projecting a hologram of the second level of the aircraft. The first door opened into a long swimming pool, the second onto a movie theatre, and the third onto a gymnasium. We drifted down the hallway, swinging doors open at random, our awe only growing with each new room.
“This place is amazing,” said Ellina. “Is this what your house is like up on Olympus Ave?”
“Not quite this flash…” I was having trouble digesting our surroundings. The place reminded me of home so much that I was close to tears.
“I am going to the spa. I’ve never been to one before! And we are in serious need of some beautifying!” Ellina grabbed my hand and tugged me, hard, down the hall before I could protest. I would have preferred to go back to bed, or lay in the hammock under the artificial garden I had seen behind door eight, but I wasn’t about to dampen Ellina’s excitement.
“As long as we stop somewhere to drop Meatloaf off first.”
“We will be in the food court!” Felix shouted behind us as we hurried down towards the Garden Room. 
Ellina rolled her eyes, “No surprises there.”
We entered door seven and walked into a beautiful rose garden setting. The room was a rich green from the foliage that filled the space, tall trees with broad canopies meant that the walls and ceilings of the room were hidden, giving the appearance of a real overgrown secret garden. There was a pond surrounded by rocks and a colourful flowerbed with a small tree next to it. I tied Meatloaf loosely to the trunk, and he gratefully began lapping up the water.
Leaving Meatloaf in the garden, we walked to door nineteen, which promised the Spa room. It was a huge space, decorated to look like the rainforest, and accompanied by recorded bird noises. The room was set out in a circuit, with massage chairs first in the line-up of treatments. We sat down and plunged our feet into the tepid water at the foot of the chair. The sides of the chairs closed in, moulding to my body shape. The chair began to move. Rollers within the cushioning pressed on my muscles, starting out easy and light before gaining pressure and working on my knots. Four robotic arms extended from the chair, and began washing, scrubbing, massaging and buffing our feet. The arms then moved up and started on my hands. A hologram extended from my armrest, requesting that I choose nail polish colours. I picked a dark purple for my toes and clear for my fingers. 
Once the chairs were finished polishing us they shut down, and Ellina and I stood, making our way to the next stage of the circuit. Two baths were built into the floor. We stripped into our underwear and clambered in. The bath instantly began to fill with a thick brown substance, and I squealed as it covered my skin. It was freezing. To my delight, the mud bath didn’t last long, and once the bath had washed us down with soapy warm water, we moved on to a pair of massage tables. I wondered if masseuses would be doing the massaging, or whether it would be another robotic treatment. I lay face down on the padded table with my face pressed into the breathing hole in the headrest and I sighed, relaxing into the table’s luxurious mattress. My question was answered when a case extended form the side of the table, shutting me in a sunbed-like enclosure. I twisted my head to look up and the roof of my container just as hundreds of wires shot down form the lid and attached themselves all over my body. I let out a gasp as the wires began to rotate and press; resulting in the most stimulating massage I had ever received. Once the machine came to a stop, the lid retracted and Ellina jumped off her bed, moving towards the facial stations. I didn’t move. I resolved to stay on this massage bed for the remainder of the day.
Countless massages later, Ellina dragged me from my bed. “Stop being boring,” she moaned. “One can only have so many massages!”
“Speak for yourself,” I grumbled as she tugged me towards the exit of the spa. 
We re-entered the hallway and Ellina brought up her map hologram. “I’m hungry,” she said. “What about you?” 
My stomach rumbled in reply and she led us to the twelfth door.
Upon entering the room, my knees nearly buckled. In fact, the only thing stopping me from crumbling to the ground was Ellina’s arm linked through mine. I had entered heaven.
“Why’d we spend so much time on those stupid, overrated massage beds, again?” I asked breathlessly.
The room was a massive square, and running around the outside was one long serving table covered in every type of food I had ever seen, plus many that I didn’t recognize. The food was divided by country of origin. I immediately made my way towards the Italian section. Grabbing a plate I loaded it high with the most delicious looking carbonara I had ever seen. I missed pasta. Having filled my plate so high that nothing else would fit on it, I grabbed two pieces of pepperoni pizza in my free hand, cheese dripping from the edges, and carried it all into the center of the room where there stretched a long dining table. I sat at the first seat I reached, and a knife and fork already lay waiting. I looked around for Ellina and saw that she had only filled half her plate so far. Unable to wait for her, I disregarded all table etiquette, mentally apologizing to my mother, and dug into the pile of pasta before me.
By the time Ellina joined me I was basking in food heaven, still shovelling my way through the pile of carbonara. She had chosen to fill two plates, with a range of food from around the room, but was just as hungry as I was, and dug into her red curry from the Indian section. She let out a groan of pleasure and I nodded in agreement, finally laying down my fork and starting on my first slice of pizza. 
We finished eating and I rolled off my chair and onto the floor. Ellina remained in her seat.
“I might go get another plate,” she said and my stomach writhed at the thought of any more food. Damn Prime digestion. 
Ellina went to refill her plate as I continued to roll on the floor, holding my stomach. I heard a male voice but couldn’t manage to pull myself from the ground to respond.
“Where have you guys been?” I asked from the floor, expecting either Theo or Felix to be standing over me. I heard a high-pitched giggle and froze. I had assumed that the male voice was one of my friends returning, but I knew that laugh and it didn’t belong to either of the boys. This time I gathered enough energy to right myself. Towering above me were Axil and Cecilia. They held hands as they looked down on me condescendingly. I stayed cross-legged on the ground as I greeted them.
“Hey guys, how’s it going?”
Cecilia rolled her eyes and began to examine her cuticles, whilst Axil continued to smirk at me. 
“Why are you lying on the ground?” asked Cecilia, still examining her nail beds. 
I couldn’t tell her I was in a food coma, because Primes never got full. Instead I smiled at her sweetly, “I didn’t want to get used to the comfort of a bed again, since we will be going back to task conditions soon.”
“You guys are ahead of us. How did you get so far ahead?” she asked.
“Yeah, Miss Avery Rose Optime, what’s your secret?” Axil asked, crouching so that he was at my height, and moving his face uncomfortably close to my own.
I shrugged, “Felix and I know the area, I guess. Makes it easier.”
Axil snorted. “Typical,” he spat, as he stood from his crouch and walked over to the buffet. Cecilia didn’t follow.
“You know we can still catch you, right?” she sneered.
“I am sure you will, Cecilia.” I said.
“I am not kidding. Axil and I have a plan. We will beat you and we will be the next royalty of Olympia. We are gonna knock your parents off their throne.”
I nodded, “Good luck with that.”
Irritated at my lack of reaction, Cecilia flipped her hair off her shoulder and spun on her heel, striding towards the food. Ellina finally arrived back.
“What just happened?” she asked, gesturing in the direction of Axil and Cecilia.
“The usual threats and squinty looks,” I said with a shrug. “I wonder why they hate me so much.”
Ellina wriggled in her chair and bowed her head, mumbling a reply. I examined her face, which she was careful to keep neutral, 
“You know why they hate me, don’t you?! Spill Ell. Why do they hate me more than you? And I know isn’t just because of my bratty act at the training sessions because you got over that pretty quickly…”
Ellina frowned and stuffed her mouth with potato salad rather than responding to my interrogation.
“No amount of potato salad is going to help you. I’m still going to force you to answer my question, Ellina,” I threatened, and Ellina gulped.
She laid down her knife and fork and turned to me, expression serious.
“Oh god, if it made you stop eating it must be serious,” I half-joked.
She frowned, and I shut up. Clearly it was not a laughing matter. “Cecilia only hates you because Axil does,” she said, her voice low so they couldn’t overhear us. Even though they were on the opposite side of the room, Prime hearing was sharp, so she began to whisper, 
“Axil is from the Labour Field. Farming. His Dad is the executive of his Field, and his Mum is the second in charge. Anyway, Axil said that one day a group of Alphas stormed their Field and demanded to speak to his parents. They ordered them both to accompany the officials back to Olympia to learn the basics of genetic animal engineering. They wanted Axil’s parents to start farming tracker wolves.”
 “What are tracker wolves?” I interrupted.
“You don’t know about tracker wolves?!” Ellina raised her voice in surprise, before checking herself, and whispering again, “Tracker wolves are the massive, angry dogs that patrol the Field borders and the bottom of Olympia. The trackers have been trained to kill anyone that tries to cross their borderline into another Field.”
I gasped, ‘That’s awful.” 
Ellina nodded and continued, “Anyway, Axil’s parents agreed to go to Olympus to learn about breeding from your Aunt Tiana, leaving Axil, his two sisters and his baby brother behind for a few weeks to fend for themselves. When his parents finally returned, they started breeding the wolves. They spent the next six months perfecting the breeding and nurturing of the dogs until they were old enough to be trained as trackers. They trained them too, teaching them to sniff out stray Norms, and kill those who crossed the line.” 
Ellina paused in her storytelling and shuddered before continuing, “Then … and ‘m just retelling what Axil told me … um… Axil said your Dad came to their Field, alone, on the day before the wolves were set to be transported out to every Field. Axil’s parents had spent an entire year on the tracker wolf project, and the time had finally come to complete it for good. Then your Dad arrived. Axil said King Apolleon, I mean, your Dad, came in the middle of the night and just knocked on the door of his family’s room. Apparently he begged to be let inside, saying that he was in danger…”
“Axil is lying!” I exclaimed too loudly, I looked around to see Axil staring at me. I met his stare and growled. How dare he make up lies about my family?
“Hey, don’t shoot the messenger,” said Ellina, “I’m just telling the story.”
I nodded, “Sorry, please keep going.”
“So, Axil’s family believed your Dad. They took pity on him and let him into the room, where he told them something about being chased and needing to hide out for an hour or two. While he hid he told them that they should run away, leave their Field and not come back. Apparently your Dad told them to find a way to travel the ocean to another continent.”
Laughter bubbled in my throat at the ridiculousness of the story. I commended Axil’s imagination, but my father was the leader of our government. He would never do anything to jeopardize or contradict the law of Olympia.
“Then your Dad left, just as suddenly as he had arrived. And they never saw him again…”
“So what’s Axil’s problem?” I asked incredulously. “Even if Axil were telling the truth, which he certainly is NOT, it doesn’t sound like Dad did anything terribly wrong.”
“Well, apparently later that night, when Axil’s father went to check on the tracker wolves before bed, he couldn’t find his main key. He looked everywhere but it was missing. So he took his spare key and went to the animals’ quarters… Their crate had been unlocked, the door swung open, and the wolves were all gone.”
I gulped.
“Axil’s family decided that your father had stolen the key when he sought shelter in their home hours before, and then stolen the wolves. When the Alphas arrived to oversee the transport of the wolves the next morning, the animals were missing. Axil’s father explained the whole situation, telling them about your Dad and everything. Obviously the Alphas didn’t believe him, so they shot him, and Axil’s mum, right in front of Axil and his two sisters and baby brother. Then they left.”
I had a tear in my eye, which I wiped away angrily. Why was I crying at a story that was so obviously made up? My father would never do such a thing. He was a good man, and a law-abiding Olympian Alpha. “It isn’t true,” I choked out, although my voice was unsteady. I hated that I was questioning my father’s morality, even if only slightly. Axil would have to be a complete sadist to invent such a story, but I was sure my father would never commit such an awful act.
Ellina nodded sympathetically, “I know it isn’t.” But her voice wavered too, and a surge of anger towards her for doubting my father overwhelmed me. 
I jumped to my feet, murmuring something about feeding Meatloaf, before gathering a handful of shredded chicken breast from the food table and storming out of the room, slamming the door behind me. I was furious. Too furious to care where I was going, as long as it was far away from lying Axil and traitorous Ellina. I stormed down the hallway, stomping my feet too loudly. I reached the end of the hall and swung open the very last door, not caring what was inside as long as I would be alone.
I stepped inside the room, which looked like a museum at first glance, although the artwork and sculpture that decorated the space was all Greek inspired. I remembered seeing the name of the room on the hologram map, “Greek history” it was called. I didn’t care. I pressed my back to the wall and slid down it. I held my knees to my chest and tried to focus on easing the pain that pounded in my head. The Wall opposite me flickered to life and began to recite facts about the Greek Gods, making my headache worse.
“WALLSCREEN OFF!” I yelled at the Wall, rubbing my temples. The Wall went blank. I raised my head from where it was resting on my knees, and slowly got to my feet, staring at the Wall the whole while, wondering. I placed my hand on the Screen; it appeared to work as a normal Wallscreen, answering my every command. I started to consider what else it could do, and whom it could contact.
“WallScreen on?” I said hesitantly, and the Wall flickered back to life. “Call Prunella Optime.” I said, with more force, and an authentication box appeared on the Wall. I entered my password that I usually used to call home, and heard a ringing sound. It was working. Two rings later my mother’s face appeared on the screen.
“MUM!” I yelled reaching out to the wall. Her face softened momentarily, before her expression became a concerned frown.
“Avery Rose,” she said softly, “Are you allowed to be contacting me?”
“No one said I couldn’t, and I found a WallScreen, so maybe they won’t mind…” Even I could hear how unconvincing my voice sounded.
“Hang up now, Avery. Play by the rules.”
“WAIT MUM!” I yelled.
“A lady never yells Av-”
“I know, I know, I am sorry,” I interrupted her, “I won’t yell. But just listen to me. I think I am in trouble. And I just heard a story about Dad, that I think might be true, and I am not sure what it means…”
Mother interrupted me this time, something that she never did, because it wasn’t proper manners, “Avery Rose. I cannot help you. If you are in trouble then I suggest you fix it yourself. As for the matter of your father, he and I are not seeing eye to eye currently.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
She continued, “We are not speaking, Avery Rose, so I have no idea what he has or has not been doing. I wanted to wait until you finished your tasks before telling you, but we have become somewhat estranged, and are talking of separating.”
My mouth fell open and I sat gaping at Mother’s image on the screen.
“Avery Rose, a lady never gapes.”
I didn’t argue. I was in shock.
“Goodbye, Avery Rose.” She looked me in the eye as she ended the call. 
I sat, not moving, for a long time, trying to understand what had just happened. My own mother didn’t care about me. She didn’t care that I was in trouble; she didn’t even wish me luck. I had always known that my parents often disagreed, but they didn’t often have serious fights, and a lot of the time they still acted deeply in love. How could this be happening? I didn’t cry, but when the shock wore off I became angry. Angry at my father for obviously hiding things, and maybe even being a criminal. Angry at my Mother for not caring. Angry at Axil for making me doubt my father, and angry with Ellina for telling me the story. I started to pace the room, glancing at the historic artifacts and memorabilia. 
Even though I hated history class at school, the Greek religion aspect always intrigued me. It wasn’t the specific Gods that fascinated me. I had no interest in learning which subject matter each God was responsible for, and I couldn’t care less about their family trees. I was more interested in the way society saw the Gods. The way that the people were so adamant that the divine beings existed. The way that everyday citizens were willing to lie, steal, even murder in order to obey these abstract notions that apparently ruled them from above. Every thought they had and action they took was measured and carried out with the reaction of the Gods in mind. They gave up everything, including their ability to think and act as they desired, or even as they felt was right, because they needed to act in accordance with the Gods. It was not like the power that the Gods held over them was physical, they were dictators conjured up in the imaginations of the people. They all bowed down to illusory authority. That was not living; it was obedience. 
I started to consider the way that the people so readily obeyed these ruthless and often cruel Gods. Divine creatures that demanded sacrifice, and ordered humans to carry out deeds so unsavoury as murdering family members, controlled every aspect of the population with no real source of power whatsoever. 
I couldn’t help but compare the historic society to the one that existed today. Had anything changed at all? Surely people were not still so ignorant that they answered the elite without any further thought, passively obeyed, and bowed down submissively. At least in our society, the powerful dictators actually existed. They weren’t just made-up ideas. The rulers posed real, physical threats to the masses, and enacted punishment readily. I shook my head, erasing the parallels between the time-distant societies from my mind. It wasn’t the same situation, I told myself. Things were different now.
After calming myself down I felt ready to return to the company of others, but realized I still had a handful of chicken clenched in my fist. I closed the door to the Greek History room behind me and turned, only to crash straight into a large, solid chest.
“Sorry!” I cried automatically, and stumbled backwards. The chest belonged to Axil, who stared down at me from his impressive six foot something height. His eyes were cold. 
“Ellina told you,” he spat.
“Uh… yeah. She did,” I replied. “Listen Axil, I really don’t think my father would have done something like that. He wouldn’t purposefully hurt anyone.”
He squinted at me, “That is crap, and I think you know it. He was the reason my parents were murdered. Your father is a monster, Avery. How can you not see that?”
“I know it must feel that way, if your story is true-“
“Are you saying I am lying about my parents’ death?”
I shook my head vigorously. “Of course not. No one would lie about such a thing. I am just saying that my father might have had good reason for doing what he did.”
Axil took a step closer to me, but my back was already pressed up hard against the closed door. He leaned down, his face so close to mine that I was inhaling his breath straight from his mouth.
“Stay away from me,” he growled, before turning on his heel and striding down the hall.
I stood, leaning against the door, breathing hard. I had no idea what my father had done but I had every intention of finding out. Now that I had calmed down and was thinking logically, I realized that Axil would have no reason to make up his parents’ death. There had to be a story behind it. I refused to believe that both my parents were heartless monsters.
Once I was sure Axil was gone, I went back to the garden and fed Meatloaf the chicken, which he happily gulped down in two bites. Then I walked back to the kitchen in search of my friends. They sat huddled around the far end of the table, and looked up as I entered. Both Theo and Ellina wore pitying looks and I almost turned back around to leave. Then I saw Felix, whose head was slumped in his hands. His expression was not one of pity, but one of defeat and genuine sadness. I considered how his own father was not a part of his life. 
Felix’s family situation was a confusing one. His mother, Helletta was very kind. She used to comfort me when I was fighting with my own mother, and even laugh as I mocked my mother’s ridiculous too-sweet voice, even though if my mother found out she would probably have her thrown off Olympia. Her husband Captain Triton however, was the military leader of the Alphas. He was a hard man, with very little time for compassion and even less time for his family. I never figured out why Helletta had married him. I knew that Felix felt the same way because he often used to WallScreen me late at night, upset at something his father had said, and we would question his mother’s motives together. Because his job involved constantly patrolling and overseeing the Fields, he was rarely home, and when he was, he preferred to spend his time drinking copious amounts of Nectar Ale, and drunkenly abusing his wife and son. 
So while I sought refuge from my irritatingly composed mother, Felix came to my house to hide from his intimidating father. The only male role model that Felix had in his life was my father. Although largely absent, when he was home my Dad made up the best memories of my life. He was fun, interesting and above all, he adored my mother and me to no end. He also treated Felix like a son, inviting him to see our home as his own, and even dedicating him one of our guest bedrooms to use whenever he wished. It was no surprise to come home to Felix and my father in a play fight, or deep conversation about sporting results. Thinking back on it, my father probably saved Felix from becoming the mirror image of his own father.
Instead of running away again, I walked over to Felix, stood behind his chair, and wrapped my arms around his neck, planting a kiss on the crown of his head. He looked up towards me, with a sad smile, “Man, I should do this upset act more often if it is going to win me kisses from you.” 
I laughed, but even though Felix joked, his eyes had lost their sparkle, so I didn’t let him go. 
Ellina broke the silence that fell, “Are you hitting on another woman, Felix?” she mocked. “I am so hurt! I thought I was the only one for you!” 
Theo smirked, “I am pretty sure anything with boobs is on Felix’s radar.”
We laughed, and talked for a long time, eventually migrating to the Lounge Room across the hall to have a nap on the lushest red couches I had ever seen. I laid my head in Felix’s lap, and he ran his fingers through my hair soothingly until I fell asleep.
“We will be landing in fifteen minutes, please prepare yourselves to disembark the aircraft.”
I sat up, woken by the robotic voice. “Why does this stupid spaceship insist on waking me up all the time.” I grumbled, rubbing my eyes.
Felix stretched out his arms, “Tell me about it.”
Ellina giggled, “You two are so grumpy when you wake up! It’s cute, I remember when I used to be tired all the time.”
“Shut it, Prime,” snapped Felix, and Ellina laughed again.
Theo was already on his feet. “I reckon we should follow Avery’s example, and stash some food from the kitchen for our next challenges. I’ll go fill my pack now. You guys wait a bit. It’ll be obvious if we all go at once.”
I couldn’t help laughing at him.
“What is so funny?” he demanded.
“Nothing… sorry,” I said, “It’s just… they know that Felix and I haven’t been Cured, and that we are lying to everyone. I don’t think taking a bagful of food is going to make a lot of difference to their anger towards us.”
Theo sighed, “You’re right. Let’s all go.”
We squashed the contents of our packs down until they took up as little space as possible, and filled them to the brim with substantial but lightweight foods. My pack was jammed full of bread, Ellina had opted for a range of cakes and pastries, deciding that we deserved a treat every now and again. Theo filled his with dried fruit from the fondue station, and Felix chose to top his bag up with nuts and seeds. By the time we had finished packing, our bags were very heavy and fifteen minutes was up. 
The aircraft thumped to the ground and the robot voice told us to exit the ship in the same way we had entered hours before. 
“Where do you think we are?” Ellina asked and we all entered the seventh door to retrieve Meatloaf. I swung the door open, and the garden was eerily silent. Too silent. I scanned the room, my eyes falling on the pond and the tree to which Meatloaf’s rope was tied. My knot was still in tact, but the rope had been torn, and Meatloaf was nowhere to be seen. My heart began to pound as I charged around the garden, swiping at leaves as I went. I screamed for Meatloaf, calling his name over and over, even though I knew it was hopeless. He was gone. The others stood by the door, watching me as I panicked.
“He’s gone, Avery.” Felix laid a hand on my shoulder and I threw it off angrily.
“I am going to KILL them,” I seethed through gritted teeth. How could Axil have done this? Was it some kind of sick revenge, to get me back for the tracker wolf thing?
“I don’t think it was Axil and Cecilia, sweetie,” said Ellina softly.
“How would you know?” I demanded. 
She pointed behind her into the hallway. “I saw them leave, they were empty-handed.”
I groaned. That meant the Alphas had taken him. Which was even worse. Felix tried hugging me, but I stepped back.
“It’s fine, I am fine,” I tried to assure them, but my lip was quivering and blowing my cover. “He was just an animal. No big deal. Come on let’s go.”
They hesitated, and I stormed past them, through the door of the garden and into the hallway. 


Chapter 27

As soon as I stepped outside of the aircraft my tantrum came to an abrupt end. Upon seeing my surroundings, my stomach sunk and I gulped for air. Needing consoling, I spun back around, smacking into whichever broad chest had exited the ship behind me. I hugged whomever the chest belonged to, trying to calm my nerves.
“What’s the matter?” Theo’s deep voice asked, his arms encircling me comfortingly.
The others caught up to us, and Ellina gasped, “This place is so… eerie…” 
Then she saw me hunched against Theo and laid a hand on my back lightly, “What’s the matter Ave?” she asked.
I turned to look her in the eye, “Don’t you know where we are?”
When she shook her head I looked to Felix. “Do you know where we are, Fe?” 
He shrugged, and I took a step back, asking Theo the same question with my eyes.
“No idea.” he replied.
I looked around me. The aircraft had landed on a rocky surface, a jagged cliff stretched high above us on either side, but other than that single feature, we were in the middle of nowhere. The rocky plane stretched in either direction as far as we could see. No water or vegetation interrupted the dull rockiness. Ellina had been right when she said the atmosphere was eerie, with no wind or sound, the air was completely still. The sun beat down on us, its rays sweltering hot, causing a bead of sweat to roll down my forehead. I wiped it away, and reached for my water canister. I had filled it in the ship, so it was still icy cold, and I resisted the urge to tip the entire contents over my body. I took only a sip, because I had no idea how long we would be stuck in this rocky isolation.
“So…” started Ellina hesitantly, “Where are we Avery? Do you recognize this place?” 
I cleared my throat, “My father travels a lot. For work. Patrolling the Fields and training new Alphas. On the day of my Cure he was away on business. Or, he told my mother and I that he was going to a conference for business, anyway…” 
My voice failed me and I sniffed, swatting at my eyes, which were welling with tears all over again. Theo gathered me back into a hug and we stood in silence for a while. Finally the lump in my throat disintegrated and I continued, “When Dad called me to wish me luck a few hours before the Cure, I noticed something weird in the background. His conferences are usually in boardrooms with long tables and WallScreens. This time I saw… Well… I saw this.” I gestured around me. “And when I asked my father why he was in the desert he looked all scared for a second. Then he ignored my question and told me to think about the Cure instead.”
Ellina frowned, “Are you sure it was the same place.”
I nodded, “I saw the cliff and everything.”
“But we still don’t know where exactly we are…” said Theo, “I mean clearly it’s some sort of ditch. The cliffs are too high to assume that if we walk along the bottom of the ditch, the sides will eventually level out or become low enough to climb.”
“We have to try though,” said Ellina, “We have to try to climb it. Right, Theo?”
“Well, you guys have fun climbing that…” said Felix. “I am going to set up camp down here, eat my seeds and nuts until they run out, and hopefully by then I have figured out the least painful way to off myself.”
“Shut it Fe, that’s not funny,” I said.
“There is no way we can get up there, Avery. It’ll be tricky for the Primes, but it’ll be impossible for us.”
“Don’t, man.” snapped Theo. “Not helping.”
“No seriously, Avery and I could stay down here. Hey, we could even have a little bit of fun, raise some babies, and start a family in the ditch. Hell, it could become a village of our own! We could call it… The Canyon Clan!”
Theo clenched his fist and moved towards Felix threateningly. I stepped in between the two, and planted both hands on Theo’s chest, pushing him in the other direction as hard as I could. It was no good, he continued towards Felix as if I wasn’t there. I could feel his heart thudding heavily, and quickly against his ribcage, and his breathing had quickened.
“Ell a little help here?” I squeaked, expecting Ellina to jump in and reprimand Theo immediately. But she stayed standing, stock still, staring at Felix intently.
“ELLINA!” I yelled again. Still no reaction.
“Shut up and move out of my way, Avery,” Theo’s voice was a low growl, and he was nearly in arm’s length of Felix.
“For god’s sake Ellina, why are you just standing there staring at Felix like that?! Testosterone overload! I need your help!” I shoved Theo’s chest in a last ditch attempt at preventing the fight, before giving up and diving out of the way.
Suddenly Ellina appeared in my place, between the two boys. I was never going to get used to those two having super speed. She took Felix’s hands in hers.
“OUCH WOMAN!” Felix cried. “Super strength, remember?!” 
He wrenched his hands from her grasp and flexed his knuckles, causing them to crack loudly.
“You are a genius, Felix!” She leaned in and kissed him right on the lips. I stumbled on a crevice underfoot and fell to the ground. I felt as though my breath had been knocked from me, even though I hadn’t fallen very hard at all. Theo’s arms scooped under mine and lifted me back to my feet.
“Are you okay?” he whispered in my ear and I nodded in reply, trying to catch my breath.
Felix was standing, open mouthed, blinking rapidly, and for once in his life not saying anything at all. Ellina blushed and took a step away from Felix, covering her mouth with one hand, eyes wide. 
“S..Sorry,” she stuttered. “I was just… You… Canyon.” She had clearly gone into a state of shock instigated by her own frivolous actions.
“Breathe, Ellina,” said Theo, letting go of me and going over to rub her back. She finally slowed her breathing and composed herself. 
“Um…” she murmured. “F.. Fel… He,” she pointed at Felix to indicate that she was talking about him, but clearly couldn’t choke out his name, “He said Canyon.”
 She looked at me apologetically, but I couldn’t meet her eye.
Felix finally gathered himself together enough to quip, “I should definitely say ‘Canyon’ more often.”
Ellina cringed, her eyes still on me and filled with apology. She continued, “A canyon. That is where we are, right?” 
I tried to wind my mind back to history lessons, wracking my memory for any mention of a canyon in Hercules’ tasks. I couldn’t recall any.
“There is no canyon in Hercules’ tasks Ell,” said Theo, who was now looking at her as though she might be entirely mad.
“No. There isn’t. But I am thinking geography, not history. The aircraft departed from Olympia, and our flight took four hours. That flight time could either take us to the coast, which it clearly hasn’t considering we are in a desert…”
“Or it could take us to the center of the continent.” Theo finished her sentence.
Ellina nodded, “Do you reckon these cliff walls might be about eight thousand feet high?”
Theo grinned. “I think they are exactly that height.” 
“Catch Avery and me up here, team, we are a little behind with our inferior minds,” said Felix.
“The Grand Canyon,” said Ellina. “We are at the bottom of the Grand Canyon.”
I didn’t know a lot about geography, but I new of the Grand Canyon. We had learnt about how it used to be one of the most visited landmarks of the continent, but was now an obsolete waste of space. We had learnt about how the desert was an entirely useless area of land. It was impossible to reside there, because there was no water source, and it couldn’t be used for farming for the same reason. Instead, the area was ignored almost completely. In fact, there was only one reason for anyone to venture into the desert of our continent. Somewhere, no one knew of the exact location, was Tartarus. 
Tartarus was the worst fate that anyone could be assigned. When the Olympia hierarchy started, Tartarus was used as a punishment for those who dissented the new government. Anyone who refused to take the Cure, or Primes who refused to live on Olympia and rule, were imprisoned in Tartarus. 
However, since there was rarely any dissent among the population nowadays, no one had been sent to Tartarus in decades. Some even said that the prison was a myth designed to scare us into submitting to authority. Still, fear of the prison was installed in us from a young age, as our parents, teachers and WallScreens told us of the doomed life that existed in Tartarus. Felix had always mocked me for believing the threats. But I believed. Mother used to demand that Louisa read me a fairy story each night before bed, even though they gave me nightmares. The tale of Sisyphus who tried to cheat death, was sent to Tartarus and forced to roll a boulder up a hill, where upon reaching the top it would just roll back down again and again for all eternity. She made Louisa read to me the story of Tantalus, who fed his son to the Gods in attempt to please them, and then was condemned to a life of starvation in Tartarus, where he was chained to a tree filled with luscious fruit which he could not reach, and standing in a pool of water that was only slightly too shallow for him to drink. From a young age I knew these stories were embellishments, but I still imagined that Tartarus existed. I asked my mother what the prison was really like, and she told me that the stories were true to an extent. She explained that it wasn’t important to know exactly what was to be found at Tarturus, but to instead just imagine my worst nightmare. Tartarus was intended to be a replica of hell. The ultimate punishment. I believed her, and so did the majority of the Fields. Why else would no one have challenged the hierarchy? It was fear that kept the entire system in check. Fear of being sent to hell on earth. 
“Tarturus?” The one word voiced all of my fears to the others. I had no doubt that they were all thinking along the same lines as I was.
Felix scoffed, “Ave. That place doesn’t exist.”
I ignored him. “Do you reckon we are meant to be hunting down Tartarus?” I asked the other two.
“No,” said Ellina quietly.
We all turned to look at her. She was shaking her head. “It doesn’t make sense. Hercules’ seventh task was capturing the Cretan Bull. It was the task that we were meant to use Meatlo…” Her voice trailed out when she saw my expression.
Theo ignored Ellina’s little spiel. “Even if Tarturus does exist, no one knows where it is, it would be a needle in the haystack scenario, and we don’t have time to hunt down a needle,” he looked at me, “I reckon we need to get out of this Canyon, and see what’s up there.” He pointed upwards. “Clearly the Alphas meant for us to go up and out, because there are handholds all marked out for us.” He walked over and put a hand on the wall, gripping a tiny ridge that protruded from the rock.
“You know there is no way Felix and I can climb that cliff, Theo. And even if we rode on your back, you wouldn’t manage our weight for 8000 feet it’s too far. We would barely reach halfway before we all fell to our deaths.”
“Ellina and I will climb it. We will go see what’s up there. Then we can figure out a plan from there.”
Theo and Ellina climbed the cliff edge quickly. They spotted the handholds immediately, and it looked as though they were gliding up the rocks. Felix suggested we start walking the Canyon lengthways to gain our bearings, whilst we waited for the others. I wasn’t so sure. What if we were attacked? Or if we got lost in the Canyon? Worst of all, what if we found Tartarus down there? But Felix was adamant that we should keep moving, and explore our surroundings so I reluctantly agreed, hoisting my bag onto my back and following his lead.
The sun was hot, and before long my entire body was drenched in sweat. I kept rubbing at my eyes, the perspiration stinging them and blurring my vision. Felix tore off the new shirt he had retrieved from the aircraft and wiped his body down. I was too hot to care what he looked like. 
“Don’t turn around,” I demanded as we walked in single file. Felix immediately spun to look at me. “I said don’t turn around. I am stripping off a layer,” I said.
His eyes stayed on me and we stopped walking.
“Felix at this point I don’t care if you’re looking. It is so stinking hot that I need to strip off, whether you’re watching or not.” 
To show him I wasn’t messing around I tugged the hems of my pullover and singlet and began to peel them off my body. He shook his head and quickly averted his eyes. I used the saturated clothing to wipe the perspiration from my body as Felix had done, and shoved them into my pack.
“Don’t turn around.” I said again. “I am walking in my underwear for now.”
He nodded, still facing away and started to walk again. 
We walked for a long time before Felix came to an abrupt stop. I hadn’t been paying attention and walked straight into his back.
“Sorry,” I muttered. Felix didn’t reply. He was standing dead still, head inclined, looking upwards.
“Fe…?” 
He spun around to face me and I immediately wrapped my arms around my body, self-conscious. His eyes dropped below my face and I flushed, squirming uncomfortably. Get it together Avery, I scolded myself, I’d known Felix all my life and he’d seen me in my underwear countless times. It just felt different now for some reason.
By the time Felix’s eyes returned to mine I was bright red with embarrassment. I readied myself for an arrogant comment or at least laughter at my embarrassment to come from his lips, but Felix’s expression was solemn, even sad.
He took a step toward me and held me. His body pressed to mine. I shivered involuntarily and wrapped my arms around his waist. I looked up, trying to meet his gaze, but his face was much closer than I had anticipated, and before I knew what was going on, he pressed his chapped lips to mine. The kiss was much different to the one we had exchanged in the car. That kiss was light and fleeting, leaving me wondering whether it had even happened. This kiss was rough. His calloused hands held my waist too tightly and his dry lips chaffed mine. I moved my hands up and ran them through his hair. What was happening? This was Felix! My best childhood friend. I stumbled backwards, my hand pressed to my tingling mouth. 
“Ave.” His arms fell to his sides, releasing my waist.
I looked at him, confused. His eyes were soft and pleading, but there was something else there. I knew the expression. I had seen it time after time on a much younger Felix. The only time I had seen him truly scared was when his father was home and he would run over to my house and pound on the door, terrified that his father had followed him. I would open the door to let him in and he would barrel into me, hugging me so tightly I used to think I would pass out before he finally released me. His eyes would be desperate, needing, and his brow would be creased into a thousand crinkles. Before he even said anything I would know that his father had attacked again, and I knew the expression he wore now was the very same as those times. His face was the image of pure fear.
“I… Ave… Sorry…” Felix finally managed, taking a step towards me. I moved back again.
“What is it Felix? What is the matter?” I asked him.
“What do you mean what’s the matter? Nothing is the matter!” he tried, feigning an innocent smile, “Jeez, was kissing me really that bad?”
“Felix,” I growled. I knew there was something more to it. Felix’s expression had been one of pure terror and the fear had still not left his eyes.
He grunted. “I hate it when you read me like that.”
“What’s wrong?” I nearly shouted.
The smile dropped from his face, being replaced by the fearful frown again. Felix turned and pointed. 
A few meters away, and about two hundred feet up was a large ledge that jutted out from the rest of the cliff. It had been carved and sanded down, making a perfect circle platform. A landing pad. Above the ledge was a hole in the rock. The opening was only a few meters tall and less than a meter wide, but it was manmade, its shape too perfect an arch for it to be natural. Above the archway was flattened rock, which had been carved. Two words etched into the otherwise completely smooth surface. Two words that made my stomach clench into a tight knot. My head felt light, and black dots began to mar my vision. Felix stepped towards me again, watching my reaction closely. This time I didn’t step back. I couldn’t have moved if I tried. Instead I let myself fall against Felix’s chest. He put an arm around me, supporting my weight. I couldn’t tear my eyes from the words:
Tartarus.
Morte.
 

Chapter 28

I had never paid attention in Latin class. The language was boring and obsolete. But I knew exactly what was written on the arch, which I now knew to be an entranceway. Tartarus. Death.
“You were right all along,” Felix murmured, still holding me up.
My whole body shook with fear. I didn’t feel like telling him ‘I told you so,’ I felt like turning and running away as fast as I could. After a long time, I managed to find my voice, “The others,” I whispered, my voice a barely audible rasp.
He nodded, “Let’s go back and find them. They need to see this.”
“We are not going up there Felix.”
“Yes we are.”
“No way.”
“Avery.” His tone was impatient. “You know we have to. So stop arguing. I am just as scared as you are, and I want to run in the opposite direction just as much. But you know as well as I do that this could be important.”
“Important how?” I argued,  “Ellina said that the Cretan Bull has nothing to do with Tarturus. There is no link. It’s irrelevant.”  
But I knew the answer. I knew why we needed to explore the prison. Tartarus was one of the main threats that the Alphas used to keep society in line. If we were to prove that the place no longer existed, we would remove one of their tools of oppression. Without Tarturus, the Alphas had no real scare tactic. The prison was what frightened everyone into submission in the first place; so maybe disproving its existence could spark a rebellion. 
Before Felix could answer my question, though, he slapped a hand over my mouth.
A rumbling sound was coming from somewhere far in the distance, back in the direction we had walked from. I squinted down the Canyon, searching for the source of the noise. Felix did the same. The rumbling became louder.
“Running,” Felix whispered. I knew he was right; something was running towards us, very fast.
He took my hand and pulled me to the side of the Canyon until our backs pressed against the rock. Finally I saw something emerging from the haze. Two figures. Human. Plus something much bigger. Something inhuman. A beast.
“The bull,” I murmured. “The bull is the next task.” 
Why weren’t Ellina and Theo fighting it? Was it too strong for them? They came closer and I examined the animal. Taking in the barrel chest, winding horns, and sharpened tusks. No. It couldn’t be.
Ellina’s voice screamed out a single word and my suspicions were affirmed. “Meatloaf!” she yelled again as her and Theo ran towards us, the beast following closely behind. They reached us and Ellina grabbed me, crouched, and wrenched me onto her back in a piggyback position, she turned to the wall and began scaling the rock. We reached about ten meters up before she slowed, her feet finding two reasonably stable ridges to hold our weight. She hugged her body tightly to the wall and I moved my weight forward, to make the load lighter for her. Theo had Felix in the same position and was only a short distance from us, also now stationary on the wall.
“Why is he so angry?” I gasped, locking my eyes on the wall in front of me so I didn’t look down.
“They’ve messed with him,” said Ellina, “Theo tried to tackle him like last time, but he’s stronger now. We were right when we thought that Meatloaf could be used for both the boar task and the bull task. The Alphas planned for us to make the beasts angry the first time, so that they would be harder to take down the second time.”
“But we didn’t make Meatloaf angry!” I said, “We tamed him!”
She shook her head. “Remember how they sent Eva to be your target in place of a criminal in the sixth task?” 
I nodded. 
“Why do you think the task-creators did that?” she asked me.
“Because we broke the rules. It was a threat.” I answered. Then I realized. The task creators were punishing us for breaking their rules. We had acted in a way that they hadn’t expected, and Alphas didn’t deal well with spontaneity, or thinking outside the box. They wanted us to slay a beast at the labyrinth to make the other animals angry, but we had befriended ours. Now they had taken Meatloaf and made him angry themselves. Turned our beloved pet against us. They knew we had to slay him in this task, so they decided to let us love him first. They didn’t take him away from us immediately on purpose, because they wanted us to bond with him, and then have to kill him. 
My body was shaking, but from anger this time rather than fear. I should have known something like this would happen. The Alphas would stop at nothing to force people to submit to them. They were power hungry. Control freaks. They had no mercy, and no limits at which they would stop in order to gain total authority. 
“Maybe I can try to tame him again?” I asked. “We have lots of food in our packs that I could give him.”
Ellina stared at me as if I was mad. “And make the Alphas even more angry than they already are? Give them more reason to punish us?”
I knew she was right. “Why did you bring him here then?”
Ellina looked over to Theo.
“I knew you would want to say goodbye,” he shrugged.
I wanted to traverse the wall and give him a hug, but my legs were clamped tightly around Ellina’s waist and I knew that if I moved I would fall. Instead I reached around to my backpack and unzipped it and fished around blindly, still staring straight ahead to try and keep steady. My fingers finally felt out a round, soft object. I extracted the bread roll and tore it in half. Slowly, I turned my head to look down at Meatloaf, ten meters below. Even from such a height, however, I could tell that there was something different about him. His eyes were no longer their usual golden yellow, instead flashing an angry red, and his jaw was bared in a grimace, teeth gnashing.
I dropped half of the roll. The bread bounced off Meatloaf’s head and landed next to him on the rocks. The beast didn’t flinch when the roll hit him, nor did he acknowledge the bread lying on the ground next to him. His eyes remained firmly locked on us; his prey. The beast wasn’t Meatloaf anymore. The Alphas had changed him. Suddenly I felt furious. These people thought that their power was absolute, and they were taunting me with it. They knew they would win eventually. They were playing with their food, messing with me, having fun even, before they finally killed me. They didn’t expect me to have the guts to kill my old pet. I needed to prove them wrong, make them doubt themselves, even if only slightly. 
“Do it.” I said quietly. 
“Are you sure?” Ellina replied.
“No choice.”
She nodded in consent and started feeling around the rocks. 
“What’re you doing?” I asked her.
She found a good handhold and reached over to it. Then she planted her foot on a ledge by her new handhold. 
“Why are you still climbing?” I asked her. 
“I’m not climbing,” she said, “You need to take hold of my old handholds. I am going to slide out from underneath you and take the new handholds.”
My body began to shake violently as I grabbed hold of the rocky ledges with both hands. My palms were sweating, making the rock slippery, but I dug my fingernails into the surface. Slowly, Ellina began to wriggle out from underneath me and move to the left, pulling herself by the new grips she had found. Her weight shifted and she wrenched herself over to her new position on the wall. My body was momentarily too far from the rock, leaving a large gap of air where Ellina’s body had previously been. I quickly heaved with my arms, and jammed my body up against the wall, breathing hard. Once I was sure I was steady I looked over to Theo and Felix. They had done the same maneuver and Felix stood hugging the wall, his knees shaking as violently as mine. 
Suddenly Theo pushed off from the wall, leaping into the air. He hung, suspended for a moment, before falling with a thud onto Meatloaf’s back. The animal began to buck wildly, kicking its back legs into the air and shaking its massive torso in attempt to throw Theo off. Ellina quickly descended the rock wall and charged at the creature, catching its hind legs in the air and hugging them together tightly. The beast stumbled, it had been distracted by Theo and hadn’t noticed Ellina’s silent attack. Ellina wrapped her entire body around the animal’s back legs, clenching tightly, until the beast wobbled and fell, crashing to its side on the ground. Theo managed to dismount the creature just in time, saving his leg from being crushed by the animal’s enormous weight. He mirrored Ellina’s position, holding the beast’s front legs. The creature continued to wriggle and buck its body frantically. They weren’t going to be able to hold it for long. I looked around for something to bind the creature’s legs together. I needed something as strong as the vines had been.
“The mane!” Felix shouted.
I reached around to my pack that was still gaping open and yanked on the first bundle of fur that my fingers found. The rest of the bread fell to the rocky floor beneath me as I tried to pull the mane out of the bag. It was stuck on something. I shifted my weight to get a better reach into my backpack. Suddenly, the rock ledge underneath my left foot crumbled and my foot dropped, leaving me hanging by one hand, as my other was still clenched around the lion mane. I screamed. My grip was slipping.
“AVERY!” Felix shouted. But there was nothing he could do. He was stuck, a few meters away from me. Hearing my name, Theo looked up. He immediately released his hold on the creature and moved directly below me, his arms out in a cradle.
“Let go Avery!” he yelled up to me.
I closed my eyes and released my grip on the rock ledge. My stomach dropped as I fell through the air. 
“Gotcha.” Theo’s arm muscles tensed as I landed in them. Again, he bent with me as I landed to lessen the shock. I let myself stare into his eyes for a moment, and he stared back. Before he dropped me to the ground his mouth twitched in a half smile. 
“Seriously, guys?” came Ellina’s shrill yelp. “Be romantic later. Maybe when I’m not trying to detain a rampaging bull?”
I shook myself out of the little trance, and handed the mane that was still clenched in my fist to Theo. He snapped back into action and dashed over to the bucking beast, which had nearly escaped Ellina’s grasp and was angrily kicking its freed front legs into the air. Theo caught hold of its bucking legs instantly. After a minute of tussling, the beast slowed, and Theo used the mane to wrap its legs together tightly.
The animal finally stopped thrashing, and Ellina released her grip on its hind legs, which Theo quickly bound. Ellina immediately went to the wall and scaled it to meet Felix. She descended the cliff with Felix on her back and let him drop onto the ground. By this time Theo had found a long, rectangular shaped rock. He smashed it against the cliff, and part of the rock broke off to reveal a jagged edge. He walked over to the beast, which stared straight ahead with its demonic eyes, teeth still gnashing, thirsty for blood. Theo raised the rock, ready to stab the creature-
“STOP!” Felix yelled, and the word echoed, bouncing from cliff to cliff until the sound faded out. Theo stood still, arms raised, holding the weapon in the air.
“What is it, man?” Theo growled through clenched teeth.
“Tartarus.” Felix muttered the word and I immediately understood his train of thought. Before entering Tartarus, the stories said, the prisoner was to make a sacrifice, similar to how Ancient Greeks would make a sacrifice to appease the Gods after a wrongdoing. Many saw this entry fee as the worst part of Tartarus, as not just any sacrifice would suffice. The prisoner was forced to slay a being that they loved on the altar at the entry to the prison. The sacrifice was meant to act as a peace offering from the prisoner to the Alphas, a promise that they were willing to obey, and that they were willing to give up their free will to submit to the Alphas every demand whilst imprisoned.
There were rumours that most of the prisoners opted to use the weapon that was intended for the sacrifice on themselves instead, rather than slaying their offering. The Alphas didn’t care. They got rid of the outcast either way.
Theo lowered his arms, “What did you say?” 
Felix pointed above us at the opening with the etched panel above it, signposting the prison. Ellina and Theo stared, just as I had, unable to tear their eyes from the notorious torture chamber. 
Finally Ellina spoke, “We have to go in.”
“It’s not one of our tasks,” said Theo, “We’re going to make them more angry with us.”
“If the prison turns out to be an empty threat, we will be able to disprove one of the Alpha’s main tactics.” Felix repeated the argument he had used on me.
Theo didn’t say anything in reply. He knew we had to do it.
“We might have to make a sacrifice,” said Felix, “And the sacrifice has to be something we love.”
“Meatloaf.” I choked out.
“I definitely didn’t love Meatloaf,” said Theo. 
“Me either,” said Felix.
I looked to Ellina hopefully, but she shook her head, a sympathetic look in her eye.
“You don’t have a choice Ave.” Theo put a hand on my back. “We will all be here with you.”
Ellina and Theo each took one end of the beast and heaved him into the air. Even with their super strength their arms were straining and perspiration dotted their faces as we made our way through the Canyon in the direction of the Tartarus entrance. Finally the prison was right above us. I was shivering uncontrollably despite the sweltering heat.
“We will get Meatloaf up there and then come back for you two,” said Theo and I winced.
“It’s not Meatloaf,” I said. “Stop calling him that. He stopped being Meatloaf as soon as the Alphas changed him.”
Felix wrapped an arm around my waist and I let my head sag onto his shoulder, tears welling up in my eyes for what felt like the thousandth time that day.
It took a long time to haul the animal up to the rocky platform, and by the time Theo and Ellina set its enormous body down on the rock-formed altar, I had wound myself up so much that Felix was now holding my entire body weight. Ellina lifted me into her arms and flung me onto her back easily.
“You’re a feather compared to Meat.. uh.. compared to…” Her voice faltered and petered out. Instead she began to climb the rock. Theo hoisted Felix onto his back and followed us up. We reached the platform and I let out a loud sob, unable to hold the tears in any longer. No matter how I tried to convince myself that Meatloaf didn’t exist anymore, that the thing in front of me was a monster, I couldn’t stop picturing my pet. Felix handed me the sharpened rock that Theo had aimed at the animal’s torso earlier and I let it fall to the ground. I couldn’t.
“Can’t someone else do it?” I asked. “No one is watching. They wouldn’t know who made the sacrifice. And how do they know that I love him? They have no way of knowing!” My words rushed out in a hysterical jumble. 
Theo bent down to retrieve the weapon and pointed it up to the ‘Tarturus’ sign. Now that we were close, I noticed a small black object next to the letter ‘T’. I took a step closer to the entrance of the prison, squinting to make out the object. As I moved, the object pivoted, following me. A camera.
“I guess that’s how they knew if the prisoner loved their sacrifice,” Theo explained,
“They just gauged their reaction to its death.”
My stomach twisted. This was so sick, so masochistic.
“Come on Ave, it is going to get dark soon.” Felix’s voice was a near whisper.
I turned on him. 
“It is going to get dark soon?! Really Felix?!” I was irate. “We are about to go into the most feared prison in the history of the world… We are probably going to die in there… Even if we don’t die in there we will die from one of these ridiculous challenges… And if by some miracle we make it out of these challenges alive… then the Alphas are going to kill us anyway… We keep pretending like there might be a chance of survival, but you and I both know that there isn’t… We are dead… No matter what we do, we are going to die. So stop making jokes Felix. They're not funny. You’re not funny. You’re just annoying. And I wish I had never followed your stupid plan during the Curing.” 
My voice was raw and broken by intermittent sobs. I was sick of pretending that everything was going to be okay. 
Felix looked me in the eye; for once he didn’t come over to comfort me. Instead he looked angry, and he turned and walked to the far edge of the platform, facing out into the Canyon.
The others stared at me. Ellina wiped a tear from my cheek.
“I’ll do it.” Theo said.
“You can’t,” replied Ellina. “You didn’t love Meatloaf.”
“I did.” Theo argued unconvincingly, his face turned to the camera. “I love Meatloaf. He was the… uh… the best pet that… um… the best pet ever and he saved our lives more than once. I do. I love him.”
The speech was so unconvincing that I nearly laughed. Theo was staring right into the camera lens as he spoke, and his voice was robotic. He was a terrible liar. He turned back towards Ellina and me. 
“Are you laughing at me Avery?” he asked.
I snorted a little, and he frowned. “What is the matter with you?”
“Sorry Theo,” I said to him, “But you are the least convincing liar I have ever met. Thank you for trying though. It was really sweet of you.” 
Theo smiled sadly back at me and closed the distance between us. Ellina looked between the two of us, before shaking her head and muttering something, then she turned and walked over to where Felix stood. Theo handed me the rock and this time I gripped it tightly. He put his hand over mine and whispered in my ear,
“We will do it together. I’ll help you.”
I nodded, squeezing the rock so tightly that I could feel it cutting into my palm. I tried to take a step towards the altar but my feet wouldn’t move. Theo effortlessly scooped me into his arms, and walked over to the altar, setting my feet down carefully. 
“Look into his eyes,” he instructed me.
I shook my head. I couldn’t. 
“It is the only part of him that doesn’t still look like Meatloaf, Ave, it’ll make it easier.”
He reached out his hand and pried the beast’s eyelid open. Its eyeball was bloodshot, and its irises a deep, evil red. Theo was right, this creature was not Meatloaf. I trembled as I raised the weapon, Theo’s hand was gentle over the top of mine. 
“Keep looking at its eyes Avery. This thing tried to kill us, remember.”
I nodded. My arms still raised in the air. My legs felt like they had been sedated. I couldn’t feel them, but they kept giving out from underneath me. Theo held me up with his free hand.
“You remember when we were young?” Theo was whispering in my ear. I nodded. “I thought I was going to marry you. I used to think you were a Princess, not in a bad way, more like my Princess. You always looked so perfect, and you lived in a big castle, and you were so kind and caring, just like a Princess. I used to think of all the ways I could ask you to marry me. On the day that we saved the bird, and I saw how much you wanted to save its life, how selfless and loving you were, I knew I loved you. Then your mother banished us. Because of the hierarchy, we couldn’t be together. If there was no hierarchy, imagine how our life could have been.”
A tear rolled down my cheek. 
“Think about Eva,” Theo continued, “Eva tried to save your life, and in return the Alphas tried to kill her. Think about all the kids like Eva, like us, who have their lives ruined by the hierarchy. You were right when you said that we would probably fail, but we have to try, don’t we?” 
Theo’s voice was thick with emotion. He was angry. I could feel it. His heart was pounding against my back, and his jaw was clenched. The angrier he became, the more determined I was. I stared into Meatloaf’s eyes. They had taken him. They had already killed the Meatloaf I knew and loved. This was not him. This was a monster. Killing it would be eradicating part of the system. It would put a hole in one of their plans that were always so flawless and airtight. I had the chance to disrupt the system. I tensed my arm, and brought the rock down, fast, piercing the beast’s skin. I didn’t stop. The weapon plunged deep into the creature’s side. I felt it cutting through the beast’s insides, only stopping when the entire rock was submerged in flesh. I ripped the weapon out of the creature and stabbed it in again. And again. And again. I was disgusted by how good it felt to pierce the animal’s skin. It felt like I was finally fighting back. I felt a hand on my back and I stopped. Breathing heavily.
I realized that Theo’s hands were no longer covering mine. I had no idea when he had let go. My throat was hurting, and I realized that I was screaming. I sniffed. Tears were rolling down my face. Finally releasing the weapon I wiped my blood-soaked hands on the animal’s torso. I turned and buried my face in Theo’s chest. He kissed the top of my head and stroked my hair. Then he took a step away from me, extracting his water canister from his backpack, he unscrewed the lid and tipped the contents over my hands. He didn’t spare any of the precious water, using much more than was necessary to wash the blood from my fingers. He rubbed my hands between his own, transferring some of the animal’s blood to his palms in the process. Then he pulled his shirt away from his body and wiped my hands dry. I smiled at him weakly and he squeezed my hands in his own.
“Let’s go, you two,” he called over to Ellina and Felix who remained on the far edge, but had turned to watch us.
Ellina’s eyes were filled with pity, but Felix’s were still angry. I knew why, but I didn’t care. I meant what I said. Now I felt cold and empty, relying on Theo’s hold on me to ensure I kept standing. We all stepped towards the entranceway and Theo stuck his head through the arch, his arms reached out into the darkness and he touched a wall.
“There is rock just under a meter from the arch,” he told us. “I think it’s a chute.”
“We have to jump down it?” Ellina sounded nervous. “What if it’s really deep? What if there is just rock at the bottom? It’s a suicide mission. We are not jumping down there Theo.”
Felix walked away from the arch as Ellina argued with Theo, and returned holding the rock that I had buried into Meatloaf’s torso. It was no longer grey, but a scarlet red, blood still dripping form the point. Felix reached the weapon into the opening and dropped it down the chute. There was only a brief moment of silence before we heard it clutter onto rock below. 
“Not deep,” said Theo. “I will go first and catch Avery and Felix. You go last Ell.”  Without waiting any longer, Theo stepped through the archway and dropped out of sight. He landed with a light thump, and we heard a grunt.
“You okay?” Ellina shouted down.
“Bit of ground shock. Otherwise fine.”
“What’s down there?” she asked.
“No idea. It’s pitch black,” he replied. “Jump, Avery.”
I didn’t feel scared. I knew I should, but my limbs weren’t shaking, and my stomach felt strong for the first time since Felix had pointed out the Tartarus prison. Instead I felt numb. I stepped into the chute easily and fell in silence. Theo caught me gently and set me on my feet, before hollering up to Felix. Felix let out a grunt as Theo caught him, much less carefully than he had caught me. Finally Ellina dropped down, crouching upon landing to ease the shock. We stood in a tight group. Theo had been right. We couldn’t see a thing. 
“Everyone should split up and head in a different direction. Arms out. Shout when you hit a wall,” Theo suggested. 
No one had a better idea so we began to tentatively move around, arms outstretched, completely blind. I hit a surface first, and yelled out when my fingers brushed rock. Felix and Ellina shouted out simultaneously soon after. Theo still hadn’t shouted. 
“Theo?” I asked into the darkness.
“I’m here Ave,” he said. 
“You haven’t hit anything?” Ellina’s voice rang out.
“Nope. I think I have a passageway. Everyone follow my voice.” Theo kept talking as the rest of us stumbled around, trying to reach him. I smacked head first into a surface, not hard enough to be rock.
“Ow.” Felix grunted, and I apologized quietly.
After much stumbling and wall hitting we had all found Theo, and stood gathered in a group again. He started off down the passageway. I walked behind him, my hand resting on his shoulder. Felix was behind me, but he gripped a handful of my shirt rather than making direct contact. Ellina went last. We walked for a few minutes before I saw a light ahead. Everyone else must have noticed it too, because we began to move more quickly, hurrying towards the light. The passage brightened with every step. Soon the passage was light enough for us to see our surroundings, though it was not bright with sunlight, but rather a blue-tinged fluorescence, much like the light that came from energy saving bulbs that were in hospitals back at home. We neared the end of the tunnel and it became clear that we were about to step into a large space. Still partially covered by shadow, Theo took my hand off his shoulder, and held it in his own. I wanted to reach for Felix’s hand too, but resisted, since he had been careful not to make any contact since our fight. Theo’s palm was slippery with sweat. He was as scared as I was, and from the way that Felix’s hand remained entangled in the hem of my shirt, he must have been scared too.
We entered the flood lit clearing. It had been carved from rock, its walls smooth and sanded down. Bulbs covered the roof of the cave, lighting the area, but otherwise the space was empty. Theo turned back to us, frowning in bemusement. There were no other passageways to be seen. It was a dead end.
“What is this?” I muttered to no one in particular.
“Why would they leave the lights on, if it isn’t used?” said Ellina.
“Where are the torture chambers?” asked Felix.
 


Chapter 29

As we stood, looking around in confusion, Ellina began to frown.
“Can you hear that?” she asked.
I shook my head, but I noticed that Theo’s brow was furrowed in concentration too.
“I can.” he said. “What is it?”
A few minutes later I started to hear a low humming sound too. “I hear it!” I exclaimed. “Sounds like bees.”
“It would be pretty unusual for bees to be this far below the ground.” Theo said.
After a while the buzzing became loud enough to trace to a certain point in the wall. Theo rapped his knuckles loudly on the rock where the noise seemed to be emitting from, the knock echoed through the cave. I walked over to another spot of rock and tapped it with my own fist. The sound was barely audible. Theo must have hit a hallow spot. He noticed the difference too and lifted his leg, before booting the wall as hard as he could. The area that he had caught with his heel crumbled slightly, but no real damage was done to the wall. The humming came to a sudden stop, and we all stood still, ears strained.
“Someone’s there,” Theo whispered, his ear to the hollow wall.
There was a quiet beep, and then a rumbling. The section of the wall that Theo was leaning against started to shake. He leapt back from the wall and crouched down, ready to attack whatever was on the other side. The wall rolled up slowly, mimicking a garage door, until there was another black passage ahead of us, identical to that we had just trekked through. Theo held one finger to his lips to hush us. He took a single step through the passage and stopped. Nothing.
Suddenly something flew through the air and landed on Theo’s back. The figure was screaming wildly and thrashing, arms flailing. Theo easily plucked the attacker from over his shoulder, over his head, maneuvering until he had the assailant stuck in a headlock. 
“Who are you?” he asked in an even tone, as though defending himself had taken no effort.
The attacker was panting and writhing around. 
“Who are you?” came the reply. The voice was male, but sounded very young.
“I asked you first.” 
The boy sighed, “I’ll tell you if you let me go.”
Theo released his grip around the boy’s neck, but held his wrists firmly together. Curious, I stepped closer and squinted to get a better look at the boy. He was very young, probably only twelve, and wore a cheeky smile. His hair was shoulder length, and I guessed it would have been as wavy and blonde as my own if mine weren’t so dirty. His grey t-shirt had a large tear through the center, and his denim shorts were tattered at the bottom. He wasn’t wearing shoes, and by the black stained skin of his feet, he didn’t often do so.
“I’m Jett.” 
Theo let go of Jett’s wrists and held a hand out, 
“I am Theo,” he shook Jett’s little hand lightly. “This is Felix, Ellina and Avery. We are a bit lost.”
Jett started to laugh. I hadn’t heard such a hearty laugh in a long time and it made me smile, forgetting for a moment that I was in the depths of the most feared prison in the land. 
Jett began to hiccup as his laughing died out, “Lost!” he exclaimed. “There is a sign on the door!”
I smiled again, the boy was right; we all knew full well where we were.  I noticed that Theo’s fingers were curling slowly into a fist, so I reached for his hand to calm him. I linked his fingers with my own, his grip instantly relaxed. 
“Jett,” I looked the boy in the eye, “What is down here?”
The boy’s face was lit with his cheeky grin, “TARTARUS!” he shouted, pumping his fist into the air.
“Jett…” I tried to stay calm but was desperate for some information.
“Come with me,” the boy said, beckoning to us before dragging a strange looking machine from the shadows.
“What is that?” Ellina asked.
“Called a Segway,” Jett said as he stepped on the machine’s low platform and held its handlebars. “They used to use them back in the twenty first century for a while, but they were too slow to be of much use,” he explained.
“What does it do?” Felix was examining the wheels up close.
Jett chuckled, “They drive you around, stupid. See. Look!” He twisted the handlebar and the machine lurched forwards. “They are no use in the real world, because there are HoverCars and HoverBuses for transport nowadays. But down in the caves, they work pretty good.” 
He twisted the handle further and the Segway sped off down the dark channel. He pressed a button by his thumb and his headlight lit up the tunnel. We had to jog to keep up as the boy drove, twisting and turning as the walls did. We passed three fork intersections, where he turned left once and right the second two times, before he came to a stop at a dead end.
“Are we lost?” Theo asked.
“About as lost as you were when you chose to come down here,” Jett sniggered. Then he started to run his hands over the wall, knocking every now and again. Finally, he knocked on a spot that sounded hollow.
“Aha!” he said, before knocking on the spot twice quickly, and then another three times with a beat in between each rap on the wall. A small door slid open to reveal a keypad with the numbers 0-9, the letters A-J and four basic shapes: a circle, a square, a triangle and a pentagon. Jett made a big deal of using his hand as a shield, to ensure we couldn’t see his movements on the keypad, before pressing a sequence of buttons. There was a bleeping sound as the wall in front of us began to roll up to reveal a large dining hall. There were four long rectangular tables in the room that had been set out to create a square shape. 
Everyone sitting at the table was around the outside of the square, facing inwards. There didn’t seem to be any order or reason to the seating plan, as some people were just yelling across the room to people on the other side of the table, whilst others were chatting quietly to their neighbours. The atmosphere was vibrant, although disorderly, it seemed like everyone was happy. I couldn’t help but think how refreshingly real it seemed after years of either polite conversation, or silence during meals at home with my parents. As soon as we entered the room however, the noise came to an abrupt halt. There weren’t even whispers as Jett led us through the center of the square and out the other side. I looked at the ground as we walked, unable to meet any of the grubby faces that stared as we interrupted their dinner. 
Jett stopped walking in front of a tall, lanky man with a balding head and an impressive black moustache. 
“Jett.” The man nodded his head in acknowledgement of the boy, before flicking his hand in a shooing motion. Jett nervously shuffled on the spot for a second. 
“Go, boy,” the man said sternly, and Jett darted away, rushing to a nearby seat, where he took a plate but didn’t add any food to it, instead cocking his ear in our direction eagerly.
The man shook his head solemnly, and muttered something about nosiness before beckoning for us to follow him. He tapped the wall behind him expertly in a series of knocks, causing the wall to roll up. We walked through another corridor, which he lit for us by extracting a torch from his pant pocket. The tunnel was a short one, and at the end another code entered into a hidden keypad allowed us into a small room. The only furniture was an old wooden desk and a single shabby chair standing behind it. 
“Sit,” the man said. 
We looked around for something to sit on. There was nothing, so I led the group in sliding down the wall, to sit cross-legged on the floor.
“Names?” the man asked.
“I am Theo, and this is Avery, Felix and Ellina.”
“Primes?”
“Uh… Um… Yes.” Theo stuttered. He was such a bad liar. I made a mental note to give him lying lessons later on.
“Lying,” the man said, and pointed at me, “She isn’t.” 
“You’re right. I’m not. I am human still.” 
He seemed sure in his accusation and I didn’t want to make him mad. Plus, the authorities already knew that we were human, so what did it matter if one more person knew?
“Not Cured?”
I shook my head.
“What about you?” the man pointed at Ellina. In response she punched the wall behind her, causing a dent and sending shards of rock flying.
“You?” the man asked turning to Felix.
Felix raised his fist as though he was about to copy Ellina’s impressive punch, and I sniggered. He shot me a dirty look, before deciding against breaking his knuckles, and lowering his hand.
“Not Prime. Not Norm. Same as her,” he said, tossing his head in my direction.
“You’re Avery Rose Optime.” 
I nodded, unsurprised that he knew my name; everyone did.
“And you. You’re Felix Fidus.”
Felix nodded too, we were both well known on Olympia and in the Fields, because the media loved to follow us around and make up rumours about our love life that had never existed. We used to make fun of the stories that the WallScreen News came up with. I had allegedly been pregnant numerous times, and Felix had proposed on a few occasions. Suddenly needing my best friend again, I reached for Felix’s hand, but he clenched his fist, making it impossible for me to entwine my fingers with his. 
Theo cleared his throat and spoke up, “Excuse me,” he started, “I don’t mean to be rude, but did this place used to be a prison?”
The man ignored Theo completely. “How did you evade the Cure?” he asked, twirling his moustache around one finger. That single movement struck me as familiar, and as he twirled his moustache round and round, the sense of déjà vu grew, but I couldn’t place where I had seen it before. 
“We… erm… We don’t have to take it because we are Descendants.” Felix tried.
“I am aware that the rules changed,” the man said, his eyes squinted at Felix in a suspicious expression. “Do not lie to me or I will have you killed.”
Felix’s eyes grew wide, “Alright, alright, someone had cockroaches in their cornflakes this morning.” He snickered at his own joke but none of us joined in, and the man looked unimpressed. 
“We pretended to take it,” he muttered, sobering up quickly.
“How have you completed the challenges?”
“A lot of luck and some help from these two,” Felix answered, pointing to Ellina and Theo.
The man nodded thoughtfully before turning to me. “Your parents are royalty.” 
I nodded.
“You could get them in great trouble by doing this.”
“They’ll cope,” I answered, thinking about my parents’ recent actions in disgust.
The man frowned at me, still twirling his moustache.
“Rude,” he said in a curt manner that required no reply.
Finally the man stood up. “You may stay until we decide.”
“Can you please tell us where exactly we are?” Theo asked, “And what do you mean by decide? Decide what?”
The man ignored Theo again and picked up a black device. “Come to my office and lead these people to their accommodation, and be quick,” he said into the object.
A minute later there was a knock on the wall, and the man walked over to the door where he pressed a red button. The door slid open and Jett stood on the other side, wringing his hands anxiously.
“Hi Sir.” 
The man did not react, but placed his hand on the small of my back, and pressed, ushering me from his office and back into the passageway. 
Once the door rolled shut behind us, Theo bombarded Jett with questions whilst we walked the tunnel.
“Who is that?”
“Our leader.”
“Who are you guys?”
Jett shrugged.
“Are you a Prime?”
“Nope.”
“Cured?”
“Nope.”
“So human still?” 
“Yup.”
“Does anyone know you’re here?”
“Nope.”
“Did this used to be the prison Tarturus?”
“Yup.”
“How did you get here?”
“Walked.”
“From where?”
“Labour Field. My family were farmers. It backs onto the desert.”
“How did everyone else get here?”
“Walked.”
“What do you do down here?”
“Live.”
“Do you ever go out?”
“Not really.”
“What is the point of being down here then?”
“We are free. We are not Cured.”
“But…”
Jett stopped walking and spun around. “Look, Mister.” He poked a finger into Theo’s chest, which is the highest he could reach, “I am under strict orders to tell you absolutely nothing. So stop asking me stuff.”
Theo fell silent, and lightly pushed Jett’s finger away from him. Jett started to walk again, taking a left at a fork intersection, the opposite direction to the dining hall. Finally we came to a halt.
“Boys in there.” Jett pointed at a door. “Knock on the wall twice and your code is 123ABC, Circle.”
“Why such an easy code?” Felix asked, “I want a cool complicated one like you.” 
Jett scowled at him and Felix held his hands up in mock surrender, before backing into the room that Theo had successfully opened.
 “Ladies, please follow me.” Jett beckoned and we walked a few more steps along the tunnel. “Same deal,” Jett said, “Knock twice, same code. If you are scared then you can come to my room and I will protect you.” He winked and I snorted in surprise. “Hey, what is so funny?!” Jett asked, “I can protect you!”
I smiled at him and leant down to peck him on the cheek. “I am sure you could, Jett, you must be pretty brave to come and get us at the entry like that.”
Ellina kissed Jett’s other cheek and he blushed a deep red, before looking to his feet.
“Okay bye,” he said, his voice high pitched, and scurried off down the tunnel again.
Ellina turned to me when he was out of sight with a raised eyebrow. I shrugged. This place was weird. She keyed in the same code that Jett had told the boys.
The door slid open to reveal a bare room, except for two small rock plates, covered in ratty blankets. I walked over to one of the makeshift beds and sat down. It was hard. I lay, with my head on a bundle of rags that had been bound together by string. It was by no means comfortable, but I was exhausted and I immediately fell asleep.
I woke up to Ellina leaning over me, tapping my forehead.
“Wake up, Ave. They’ve left us dinner,” she said, and I sat up groggily. I smelled something deep-fried and my mouth began to salivate. Ellina lowered a plate onto my lap and I picked up a piece of fried chicken, eagerly taking a massive bite. It was divine. Grease dribbled down my chin, but I was too hungry to stop eating long enough to wipe it away. I finished the chicken, before shovelling a pile of corn into my mouth using my hands. Still famished, I reached for my backpack and pulled out two rolls. I tossed one at Ellina who must have been just as hungry, and we devoured them quickly. Then Ellina pulled two Lamingtons from her backpack and we chewed through those as well. I let out a sigh of satisfaction and lay back down on my bed.
“Shall we go see the boys?” Ellina suggested, but I shook my head. 
“Not in the mood.”
“Because Felix is mad?”
“Yeah. He hates me.”
Ellina sighed. “He doesn’t hate you. Quite the opposite in fact.”
“Well he certainly isn’t acting as though he loves me.”
“He does.”
“Like a sister, though. And siblings fight all the time. So we will be okay, right?”
Ellina lay back on her bed and looked at the ceiling. “Hmm… have you ever talked to Felix about that?”
“About the fight?”
“No about the sister thing.”
I laughed. “I don’t have to. I can tell.”
Ellina sighed again, but didn’t reply. 
I lay, thinking about the conversation, and wondering what she’d meant, when I must have fallen asleep again, into a deep, exhausted slumber. 
It was impossible to know what time it was when I awoke, because there was no sunlight in the cave. I had been relying on the sun to wake me up for so long now that I was disorientated, wondering if I might have slept for days. 
“Ell, what’s the time?” I asked, knowing she would already be awake. 
Upon hearing no reply I fumbled with the wall above my bed and flipped the light switch. The blankets on Ellina’s bed were in a heap, but she wasn’t there. I panicked. They had taken her away. They were probably torturing her. I sprung out of bed and smacked the button to release the door. I couldn’t wait for the rock to roll away, so I ducked under it as soon as there was a big enough space. Then I stumbled down the hallway, still groggy from sleep, until I reached the boys’ room. I smacked my fist onto their door repeatedly, hollering their names as loud as my still sleepy voice would allow. 
To my relief, I heard movement behind the wall, and slowly the door began to rumble open. Felix stood, messy haired and shirtless, yawning loudly.
“What the hell?” he asked me angrily.
“S…sorry.” I muttered, embarrassed.
Felix stepped towards me and touched his finger under my chin, forcing me to drag my eyes from an apparently very interesting spot they had found on the floor. I finally let my eyes meet his.
“What’s the matter Ave?”
I shrugged, “Nothing.”
“Hey,” he said, stepping towards me again and dropping his finger from my chin to hold my hand instead, “What’s wrong?”
“I thought you were mad at me?”
He sighed, “I’m not mad, but your words hurt. I know you didn’t really mean them though. You were emotional. Typical girl behaviour.” 
He nudged my arm to suggest he was joking, but I didn’t respond. He must have thought that I was mad about the comment because he started to ramble. “Not that you are a typical girl! You’re not. You’re atypical in fact. Not unusual though! I am not saying you are weird or anything.. I mean… I just...” 
“Shut up Fe. How do you know I didn’t mean what I said, anyway?” I asked cheekily, “I mean, you are pretty annoying.”
Felix scoffed, “Please!” he scoffed, “I know you think my jokes are hilarious.” 
I shook my head at him and we both laughed. It felt good to be friends again. I squeezed his hand a little to let him know everything was okay between us.
“So what was with the mad banging on the door?” he asked. 
Crap. I had forgotten. How could I be such a horrible friend? Ellina might be being tortured and I was making nice with Felix! 
“Ellina is gone,” I said.
Felix looked around his empty room.
“I guess Theo is too. Didn’t even realize because a crazy person was yelling too loudly.”
I ignored his dig. “You reckon they took them?”
“Nah,” Felix said, “We would have heard. Plus there is no sign of any fight. I reckon they got bored of watching us sleep and left. What’s the time?”
I shrugged, “No idea. Let’s go find the others though.”
Felix threw a shirt over his head as we made our way along the corridor, making the same turns as the previous night and yelling our friends’ names. By the time we reached the dining hall, there had still been no reply.
“Do we go in?” Felix asked, his hand hovering over the door release. I nodded, unsure of what else we could do.
 


Chapter 30

Behind the door, the dining hall was packed full, and food lined the tables. But no one was eating. Instead, the chairs were filled with people eagerly watching two figures in the center, who were gesturing dramatically. 
“So then Avery was like, ‘THEO, THEO!’ because she thought she had drowned me!” Theo was putting on a ridiculous girly voice pretending to be me. 
I held my finger to my lips to hush Felix. I wanted to hear Theo’s rendition of the story. Theo’s audience noticed Felix and I, and I repeated the gesture to them. They all played along, and focused their attention on Theo, who continued with his recount. I picked up a whipped cream spray can that stood on the end of a table next to a bunch of other condiments, and slowly crept towards Theo. 
“But she couldn’t stay mad at me for long! I charmed her into forgiving me in a few minutes,” he continued with his story obliviously.
“Who said I ever forgave you?” I whispered in his ear and he spun around in shock, his mouth agape. I took the chance and aimed the spray can, emptying its contents into Theo’s open mouth and all over his face. The whole room erupted into laughter. I collapsed to the ground, rolling around and laughing hysterically as Theo wiped the cream from his eyes. 
“Your face!” I squealed, pointing at him and bursting into another fit of giggles.
“Avery?” 
I stopped laughing and sat up, turning around to see who had addressed me.
Suddenly a pile of warm sludge landed on my head. I screamed in disgust as Felix stood in front of me, holding an empty plate. I shook the scrambled eggs from my hair, no longer laughing. Then I grabbed the closest food to me, which happened to be a vat of porridge, and tossed the contents over Felix, who covered his head with his arms. As I attacked Felix, someone started pelting me with strawberries from the fruit platter. I spun to find Ellina giggling and holding the fruit. I stopped the attack on Felix and emptied the rest of the porridge onto Ellina’s head. By this time, the entire hall had broken into a full-blown food fight. Grilled tomatoes flew through the air like grenades, and people were battling with bacon swords. Everyone was laughing and yelling in a mixture of delight and disgust.
Just as I was dribbling maple syrup down a young boy’s back, I heard a door start to groan and open. Everyone stopped fighting immediately, and turn ed towards the door. The angry man from yesterday stood, his arms folded across his chest, his expression stern. I cringed. This was not going to look good. The man cleared his throat and everyone sprung into action immediately. They ducked down and scooped up piles of food and broken plates, clearing the mess without any instruction other than the mere “ahem” of the angry man. I was dumbfounded. What power did he have over them?
The four of us were the only ones who remained still, whilst the others madly scrubbed at the floor and walls like worker bees. The man made eye contact with each of us and beckoned for us to approach him. He led us into his office again and the four of us exchanged nervous glances.
Once we entered his bare office, he turned to us, “Sit.”
We slid to the ground, and crossed our legs like disgraced schoolchildren. Some egg ran down my cheek and fell to the floor. I avoided eye contact with Angry Man. Theo was trying to use his sleeve to wipe the baked beans that kept running down his forehead. Angry Man was silent for a long time, his eyes scanning the four of us over and over.
Finally he spoke, “Good morning. I trust you slept.”
“Yes thank you, sir.” Ellina replied in a smooth voice that sounded much like my mother’s. “Thank you so much for providing us with such kind accommodation.”
The man scowled, “And do you make a habit of thanking your providers with destruction.”
Theo scoffed, before slapping a hand over his own mouth.
“Something amusing?” Angry Man asked pointedly.
“Sorry. No,” Theo murmured.
“Then why the laughter?”
“Sorry sir…” said Theo, “Its just… A little food fight is barely destruction.”
“You came from the Fields, no?” Angry Man asked Theo.
“Yes sir. Labour. My father was a gardener.”
“Did I ask for your life story?” 
“Ah… no sir.”
“Considering you came from the Fields, and one of the roughest Fields at that, I find it extremely odd, and somewhat concerning that you find it acceptable to treat resources so precious as nourishment in such a careless and wasteful manner.”
Theo looked defeated. I had never seen him lose an argument, but I realized that Angry Man was right.
“We are really sorry, sir,” I said.
“We were very disrespectful. Let us clean it,” Theo added.
“No need.” Angry Man replied. “It has already been cleared by my people. But please refrain from a repeat occurrence.”
We all nodded solemnly, feeling guilty.
“Now, on to more pressing matters,” Angry Man continued. “A meeting was held this morning, and we have decided to let you stay with us under certain conditions.”
“Oh, we can’t stay,” Theo said, but Ellina shushed him.
“Sorry, please continue,” she said to Angry Man.
“As I was saying, you may stay with us so long as you help us. As you know, we are still human, and therefore we are not quite in line with the law. Therefore our first condition must be that you do not communicate our existence or whereabouts to anyone outside.”
We nodded.
“Secondly, you will be required to work. The two humans will need to help with daily chores, like cleaning, meals and laundry.  The Primes will be helping with education including combat, endurance and strategy training. And thirdly, you will not leave the compound, ever, before first consulting me.”
Angry Man stopped talking and raised his eyebrows at us, awaiting our answer.
“May we have a moment to discuss your terms, Sir?” Ellina asked in her syrupy, suck-up tone. Angry Man nodded and left the room, the door rolling shut behind him.
“Why does this need discussion?” Theo turned to Ellina, “We can’t stay here. We had a plan. We are finishing the challenges and then telling the Fields about evading the Cure during the Winner’s Speech. Now we can include all the others who are living in Tarturus and evading the Cure too, which will only strengthen our argument. Then we are starting a rebellion.” 
“A gross oversimplification, Theo,” Ellina said, “Anyhow, I have a new plan.”
Theo rolled his eyes, but Ellina was cunning, and probably the most intelligent of all of us, so I nodded for her to continue.
“Our first plan relied on a speech to spark physical revolt. That was a long shot. The people in the Fields live in fear of their superiors. Chances are, they will be too scared to start attacking them after hearing our story.”
She was right; we already knew our plan was full of holes.
“So,” she continued, excitement evident in her eyes, “What if we started the rebellion physically, rather than orally.”
“You mean a war?” Theo asked incredulously. “How are the four of us meant to fight all of the Alphas and people of Olympia?”
“Because there won’t be four of us,” Ellina said, “We live down here, educating the people in combat, endurance and strategy just as Angry Man asked us to. We will be training them, even though they don’t know it, for war. By the time we are finished with them, we will have raised a skilled army, ready for battle. Then we will break out of the compound, they will be looking for us, because it won’t look good having four of six new Primes disappear for a long period of time. They will find us quickly if we just stand in the Canyon once we are good and ready, because it will be where we were last seen. Then we will lure them to Tarturus. We can fight them, and I think we can win.”
Everyone looked at Theo, who was frowning. This new plan was much more likely to succeed than the last one.
Theo finally spoke, “It’s good,” he said, smiling at Ellina, “You’re smart, for a girl from the Artistic Field.”
I hadn’t know that Ellina was from that Field, I had automatically assumed she was from a well educated Field, because she was so intelligent. By Felix’s expression, I guessed he hadn’t known either. Ellina punched Theo’s arm hard, causing him to wince and clutch his shoulder, flexing his bicep to ease the pain.
“So?” I asked hesitantly, “Is this the new plan?”
Everyone nodded in agreement, so I stood and pressed the door release, ushering Angry Man back into his office.
“We will stay,” Theo said. “And we agree to your conditions. Thank you for your kind hospitality.”
Angry Man nodded and held his hand out to Theo, who stood to take it and shake. “You may call me Dom.”
“Is that short for something? Dominic?” Felix asked, in attempt at lightening the mood.
“Dominus. It is an honourable Latin title.”
“Oh so it isn’t your real name then. What is your actual name?”
“That matter is not of your concern.”
Felix fell silent, his attempt at friendly conversation failing miserably. 
“Well, thanks again Dom, just let us know where we should be and what we should be doing? We don’t want to be any imposition.” Ellina’s sucking up earned her a tight smile and an approving head nod in her direction. The rest of us were ignored entirely.
“You two Primes, please come with me to the training arena. You other two will be escorted by Jett once he arrives.” He checked his watch and made a tutting sound. “He is late again.”
“I AM NOT!” came a shrill yelp from the other side of the office door. “I AM ON TIME!”
I couldn’t help but laugh. Jett was panting and out of breath. He must have sprinted the whole way here. Dom gave me a disapproving glare before opening the door to a red faced Jett, who sunk into a low stage bow as though the opening door were a theatre curtain. I clapped wildly, playing along, and Felix joined in. The others stood still, watching Dom anxiously, ready to be reprimanded. Dom said nothing about our childish behaviour, instead choosing to stroll from the room without a second glance at us. Theo followed him hastily, but Ellina turned to us and whispered harshly, 
“Can’t you two try and be a bit more respectful?” 
“Jett started it!” Felix argued with a cheeky grin at Jett.
“Jett is a child! You are just acting like one!” she snarled before darting off to catch the others. 
I turned to Jett, “Tough break bud. I thought it was a great performance”
“What is that meant to mean?” Felix asked me.
“Jett has a soft spot for Ell.”
Jett blushed deeply, “Nah I don’t!” he argued, although he kept his eyes trained on the floor.
“Oh well I guess I have a bit of competition then.” Felix laughed and jabbed Jett in the side lightly with his elbow.
Jett smiled, “Naw, you can have the brunette. I hear blondes have more fun.” He turned to me with a wink and I shuddered involuntarily.
“Give me a call when you’re a little older, kiddo.”
Jett nodded solemnly, “I will wait for you.”
Felix sniggered and I stomped on his toe. 
“You’ll be waiting a while Jett, mate, I hear our Avery has her eye on Theo.”
Jett snorted, “Theo? The giant one? HA! I am a better catch than him. Aren’t I, Avery?”
I ruffled Jett’s curls and smiled down at him affectionately, “You are a fantastic catch, Jett.”
He blushed again and beckoned for us to follow him along the passageway.
“So where are we going exactly?” Felix asked.
“You guys are on the lunch shift.”
I stopped still and Felix walked straight into the back of me, “Jeez Ave, what’re you doing?!”
“I have never cooked,” I said. We always used a Wallscreen to instantly conjure up meals at home. All except for home baking, which tasted much better cooked fresh by our maids.
“We don’t cook down here!” Jett said. “Where do you think we would ever get the resources to cook for so many people? We are in the middle of a desert.”
“So how?”
“Same as you,” Jett said proudly. “We have a WallScreen.”
“But WallScreens are monitored by the Alphas. They must know you exist if you keep ordering huge amounts of food to the same isolated location?”
Jett tapped his nose, “We’ve got people on the inside,” he said in an exaggerated whisper, before stopping in front of a dead end.
He rapped the wall in a pattern to reveal the keypad, and plugged in a code. The door opened to reveal a room similar in size to the dining hall, and containing the same four tables that were usually arranged in the square shape during meals. 
“WallScreen, on,” Jett said and the far Wall flickered to life. “Good day Jett, good day Avery Rose, who is your other companion, please?” 
It struck me as odd that the Wall knew me considering it had never met me before. Usually each new Wall required an introduction by its user. I wondered if it had facial recognition and could remember me being on the News. Although, if that were the case, it would also know Felix. 
“Hi, I am Felix Fidus.” 
“Good day to you also, Felix. What can I do for you? Ah I see it is your usual lunch ordering hour. Perhaps you would like to place a meal order?”
“Yes please,” Jett said, before turning to us. “Dom never lets me order food, because he says we will all get obese eating meals that I order.”
“I am under instruction to ensure each meal has the required nutritional value and caloric intake for each diner,” said the Wall.
Jett groaned, “Dom has been messing with the settings again to make us more healthy. I hate it when he does that. Can't we just have a treat meal today Wall?”
“Sorry Jett, I cannot disobey my own settings.”
“Fine. Then can we please just have some beef burgers and fries?” He turned to Felix and I, “Are you guys good with that?”
I nodded vigorously, suddenly wishing I had eaten breakfast rather than tossing it at people.
“That meal is Avery Rose’s favourite,” said the Screen, “But there must also be a side salad and a fruit platter for dessert.”
“Ew.” Jett wrinkled his nose.
“Might I suggest that you leave the table before the fruit is served?” said the Wall.
Jett’s eyes lit up. “Great idea!” he said. “And I will hide my salad and feed it to the dogs later.”
“I am going to delete that last sentence from my database, Jett. I know nothing of your whereabouts during lunch.”
The Screen continued to speak but I had stopped listening. Not only did the Wall know who I was, but also my favourite meal. My stomach began to seize up, a reaction that I was beginning to realize was a warning signal. It usually meant something bad was about to happen. I couldn’t shake the feeling, but I chose to ignore it for now.
Jett turned to us. “So that was the easy part. Now the food starts coming out and we have to lay it all out on the tables.”
The Wall began to produce the meals, and the three of us struggled to keep up, taking the plates and setting them out on the dining tables. Finally the wall shut down and the plates were set.
“Now we wheel the tables out.” Jett said whilst keying another code into the pad, causing the whole wall to roll up, giving way to the empty dining hall.
We rolled the dining tables into their usual square shape and placed glasses at each place setting. Then Jett pointed to the keypad, “001FAB Circle,” he recited.
I jabbed at the keyboard, and a loud bell sounded, chiming five times before echoing off the walls of the room for a little longer. 
There was a moment of silence, then the pounding of feet started off quietly, but became louder and louder. The stampede stopped abruptly and the roller door opened to reveal a hundred smiling faces. They all moved at once to take their seats, and before everyone was sitting, they began to dig into their burgers, disregarding table manners and ignoring their cutlery altogether.
I smiled at the messiness of it all and took a seat, picking up my burger and examining the thick meat patty, dripping with grease, that was layered in cheese and condiments and pressed between two soft white buns. I took a huge bite and had to suppress a groan of pleasure. I was sure it was the best burger I had ever tasted. I looked over for Felix’s reaction and laughed out loud. His burger was gone and he was already shovelling his fries into his mouth by the handful.
“Wha?” he said, mouth full of potato.
“Nothing, you gross pig.” 
He kicked me under the table and I smiled. It was good to have him back. 

Chapter 31

Once we finished our main plates, I looked over to see Jett push back his chair quietly, and creep from the room. I quickly stood and dashed after him, praying that I hadn’t been seen. I was intrigued by his reference to dogs earlier, and wondered how they could possibly keep animals in the caves. I ran to catch him and he spun around. 
“I wasn’t going anywhe-” he started to make a case before realizing that it was only me following him, “Oh. It’s you. Want to come see the dogs?”
I nodded and we walked side by side down the tunnel. As we neared a dead end I heard a muffled growling followed by a whining howl. I frowned. Dogs didn’t howl like that. Jett keyed the code into the access pad and the door unrolled. Behind the door was a wire fence that reached from the floor of the room to the ceiling. The animals were huddled in the far corner, leaning over something. They looked up when we entered and began to slowly pace in our direction, leaving a bloody carcass behind. I covered my nose, the stench coming from the dead animal’s corpse was overwhelming.
Jett looked at me and laughed, “You get used to it after a while.”
“How do they live down here? And how do you feed them?” 
“WallScreen, on.” Jett ordered the Wall as a response to my question.
The Wall flickered and greeted Jett and me politely. Then Jett ordered ten raw steaks and two bowls of double chocolate chip ice cream with whipped cream and caramel swirl.
“I heard dogs are lactose intolerant?” I joked.
Jett looked at me seriously, “The ice cream is for us.”
I laughed, and the ice creams appeared from the wall. I took one of the massive glass vessels and its accompanying plastic spoon, and took a huge mouthful. We sat in silence as we ate, me savouring each spoonful of the rich chocolate, and Jett scoffing down the ice cream as though it were his last meal. He had nearly polished off the dessert when he began to jump around wildly, holding his head and dropping the glass bowl on the ground, where it shattered.
“Jett?” I asked.
He was yelling, “Ow, ow, ow!” And rubbing his temples.
“Brain freeze?” I asked him with a grin and he nodded, still holding his head. I reached out and began to massage his temples, in the same way I did my own when I got headaches. He instantly relaxed, sighing happily.
“That better?” I asked him.
He didn’t reply, just closed his eyes and grinned. After a while I stopped. 
“Hey!” he said. “What makes you think you can stop?”
“Your brain freeze is gone,” I said.
“No it isn’t!”
“I have been massaging you for over ten minutes. Brain freeze barely lasts two.”
He picked up my sundae and began to scoop overflowing spoonful into his mouth. “Now I have another brain freeze,” he said with a cheeky smile. I laughed and shoved his head playfully. 
Jett turned to the wall and retrieved a handful of steaks. The dogs came even closer, snarling and salivating. I crouched down to get a better look at them. They were far too big for regular dogs, and their ears too pointed. They were all pale grey in colour with long straight tales and large paws. As they approached the fence I saw that they all had the same amber coloured eyes and I took a step back.
“Jett, these are not dogs.”
“Yeah they are.”
“Nope. They're wolves.”
Jett squinted his eyes. “They're trained. That makes them dogs.”
I laughed, “Actually it doesn’t. The two species are very different. Wolves are naturally more destructive and their bites are nearly impossible to escape.” I examined the creatures. “Another difference is that wolves are impossible to train like a normal domestic dog. They can’t learn tricks by incentive, or be treated as domestic pets. They’re wild.”
Jett looked confused for a moment, “But watch this…” he typed another code into the keypad and a section in the center of the cage swung open. I stood still, careful not to look any of the animals in the eye.
“Jett close that gate,” I whispered without moving my lips.
Jett chuckled and sat on the ground, legs crossed and holding a steak out to the pack of wolves. The animals crouched onto their forequarters, ready to pounce.
“JETT NO!” I screamed and leapt at him, just as the first wolf lunged. I collided with the animal’s body in the air and we fell to the rock floor. I hugged my arms tight around its neck, concentrating on keeping its neck secure and its teeth away from me.
The wolf easily broke my headlock and looked me dead in the eye.
“Jett, run!” I managed to yelp, my voice choking up with fear. I closed my eyes.
Then the dog leaned in, its furry face pressing up against mine, and its wet nose tickling my cheek. It licked the length of my face in one big slurp and I opened my eyes. I looked over at Jett who was watching with an amused smirk.
“Shut up,” I said, pointing at him, as the wolf continued to lick my face sloppily.
Jett started to laugh, 
“You were so scared!” He held his stomach and rocked back, laughing hard, “You should have seen your face! You thought you were going to get eaten!”
“Shut up,” I said again with a scowl.
“You dove in front of me, Superman style!”
“To save your life!” I argued.
“Yeah. To save my life from a fluffy puppy dog.”
“Shut up.”
We spent a long time feeding the dogs and letting them lick us all over. I knew they were wolves, they had the physical appearance of wolves. But Jett was right; they acted like dogs and were absolutely tame. 
“Jett, where did you get these dogs?”
“They have been here forever.”
“What do you mean?” 
“The day before our Leaders planned to escape from Olympia and find a new home, my family was attacked. My parents were killed by the Alphas when I was a new baby. They found me and decided to take me with them. We have had the dogs ever since I can remember, and no one has left the compound except for Leo, and Leo hates the dogs. So I guess we have had them since we first moved here.”
“Leo?” 
“Yeah our two Leaders are Leo and Dom. Dom is a bit of a killjoy, but Leo is great. You’ll love him. He is really strict though. Won’t let anyone into the compound. The last people we let in…” His voice trailed off.
“Jett?”
“Yeah?”
“Are you going to continue the story.”
Jett shook his head, and broke eye contact.
“What happened to the last people, Jett?”
Jett scratched one of the dog’s ears absentmindedly. “Want another ice-cream?” he asked.
“Tell me, Jett.” I put on my sternest voice.
He finally looked me in the eye again, “They got killed.”
“Why?”
“It turned out they were Descendants. They were in disguise as Cure evaders.” I felt myself tense. Jett continued, “They told us they didn’t take the Cure and that is why they were still human, and they said they had escaped and been walking for ages. When they found Tartarus they were sunburnt and in need of shade, so they came in without knowing anyone was down here. Leo came back from one of his missions and found them. He was from Olympia so he knew that they were Descendants. He knew they were lying, and that they weren’t Cure evaders from the Fields. He exposed them and… and he killed them.”
I shuddered. I didn’t want to meet Leo. “You said Leo goes on missions? What are they? What kind of missions?” 
“He is a Prime, so he gets all the insider knowledge for us. He is the one who hooked us up with WallScreen food. We get it from his house on Olympia. Since he is a Prime they don’t track what he orders or where it goes.”
I gasped. Their leader was a Prime? I wondered if I knew him from back home. I couldn’t recall anyone named Leo, but I would probably recognise his face. I was impressed with his ability to keep such a secret from the authorities. The people of Olympia had no idea that these people existed, but there were over a hundred of them, still human, living in freedom. Limited freedom, confined to their caves, but free from the Olympia hierarchy and free from the Cure. 
Eventually Jett and I made our way back to the dining hall, which was empty, everyone having gone back to their training. Felix came out of the adjoining room where the food was ordered.
“How nice of you two to show up once I finished gathering dishes and wheeling away the tables.” 
“Oops, sorry Fe.” I felt bad, but avoiding dishes meant getting a whole lot of information from talking to Jett. “I’ll do all the dishes next time.”
Felix rolled his eyes, “And you’ll give me a back rub? I think I pulled a muscle lifting all the plates.”
“You did not.”
“I did! Seriously!” He began to put on a limp and I giggled. 
“Fine. I will massage your back,” I said, thinking that a giving Felix a massage might be the perfect excuse to get him alone so I could tell him everything I had learnt from Jett.
“She gives good massages,” Jett chipped in, smiling cheekily and shooting me a wink.
Felix mocked a shocked expression. “What?! You gave him a back rub? Jeez Ave, you’ve known the guy less than 24 hours and you’re already getting all cosy! Slow down there, cowgirl.”
I shoved him and turned to Jett, “No more temple rubs for you, Mister.”
Jett chuckled, “I’ve gotta go to class now. Your Prime friends are teaching us to fight!” He struck a few ridiculous kung-fu poses before running from the dining hall.
I turned to Felix. “I’ve got to talk to you.”
Once I had relayed my conversation with Jett to Felix, he stretched out on his bed and sighed. 
“So they’ve been living here for twelve years. They must miss sunlight, and grass, and rain, and running around…”
Felix began to list all the things he would miss living underground but I had stopped listening. Dogs needed exercise. But those dogs had lived cooped up in that cage for twelve years. Jett had said Leo was the only one who ever left, and Leo wouldn’t take the dogs if he hated them, so the dogs were living without both sunlight and exercise. Impossible. 
“They're not dogs,” I mumbled.
“What?” Felix stopped listing and looked at me.
“They can’t be dogs. They look like wolves, but they act like dogs. You can train them, and they don’t bite. Plus they don’t need exercise or sunlight. They are a hybrid.”
Felix shook his head, “The Alphas would know if all those dogs had gone missing from Tiana’s.”
Felix had a point. I scratched my head. I was sure they were hybrids. “Maybe they bred them here?” Felix suggested. “Maybe they figured out how to do it.”
“No way. They're not even Prime, they’re only human.”
“Well they cant be hybrids then. We know first-hand how guarded Tiana’s farm is. And even if the Prime guy-“
“Leo,” I interjected.
“Right. Even if this Leo guy had somehow found a way to steal the dogs, they would be able to track...” Felix stopped talking suddenly and his expression changed from confused to one of realization.
“What?” I asked
“Trackers,” he said.
“Yeah. All her animals are tracked so that she would be able to find them if they ever escaped. But these ones can’t be tracked because-“
“No,” Felix interrupted. “They're not tracked wolves, Avery. They’re tracker wolves. They don’t have tracking devices because they weren’t farmed on Olympia.”
“What do you mean Felix? All engineered animals are farmed at Tiana’s. So of course they’re from Olympia.”
“Except the tracker wolves. Remember Axil’s story? His parents were farming tracker wolves trained to attack anyone who left the border. That means they have to be trainable, right? And you said the dogs you just saw were tame. What if they are the tracker wolves?”
I realized that Felix had a point. That would explain why the animals didn’t have tracking devices in them.
“But how did they take the wolves from Axil’s farm unnoticed?” I asked.
“Well Axil did say the wolves went missing… Maybe they just found them wandering around?”
I frowned, it was an unlikely theory.
Felix shrugged. “I’m just guessing here, but it could be a possibility.”
I nodded, “We should tell the others.”
“First, rub my back?” Felix asked with a grin.
I massaged Felix’s neck for a long time, finding and ironing out his knotted muscles. It was soothing, in a way, because I used to give him back rubs back at home all the time. I was working on an extra tense knot when the dining bell sounded, ringing off the walls. We moved towards the dining hall and met Ellina and Theo in the hustling crowd outside the door. We managed to snag four seats together and dug into plates piled with some sort of chicken curry. I ate quickly, to keep up with Felix and the others, so that we could leave the hall and talk in private. We finished eating and I beckoned for Ellina to follow me, before pushing back my chair and sneaking from the room. Theo and Felix followed. Just as I thought we had managed to escape, a young voice began to yell out Theo’s name.
I turned and glared at him and he shrugged his shoulder apologetically, re-entering the dining hall and scanning the diners for whoever was calling him.
“Theo!” A redhead boy of about fourteen stood and waved at us. “Theo can you tell the deer story one more time please!”
There was a chorus of assent from people around the room and Theo shot me regretful glance.
“Sure Mace.” Theo said, and moved into the center of the square. “The deer was our third task. We had been dropped on the uninhabited side of Olympia by an aircraft, and we already knew that Hercules’ third task had been to capture the hind. Actually, it was really Avery who figured out that the deer must be her Aunt Tiana’s.” 
Theo turned to me but continued speaking, “Avery actually knows more about animals and her Aunt than I do, so she would be a better storyteller. Ave, do you mind?” He gestured to the floor where he was standing and I groaned inwardly. I was bursting to tell them about the tracker wolves and this leader person called Leo. Instead I put on a happy face and stepped into the center of the square, facing the audience. It was then that I realized that every face was unwrinkled, and not in the way that Aunt Tiana’s serum stretched the skin until it was taught all over. These people could still smile and frown freely, they were just young. In fact, the only person I had seen older than myself in the compound, was Dom. I frowned, and added that point to my agenda to discuss with the others. Then I launched into the story. 
 As I finished telling it, there was a loud round of applause. I smiled and began to back out of the room, when there was a quiet, “Ahem”. 
Everyone stopped clapping immediately and there was silence. I was starting to dread those ‘ahems’. Dom had entered the room without me noticing, and was looking at me with a curious expression. 
“Miss Avery Rose, you are quite the storyteller,” he said, “And you seem to know a lot about Olympia.”
“Well, yes, I did live there my entire life.” 
“Hmmm.” Dom twirled his moustache in his irritating way and I shuffled my feet, eager to leave. “Perhaps you would consider a change of duties whilst you are with us?”
“What do you mean?”
“Well the two Primes are responsible for training us, but I also think that it would be a good idea to know more about our opponents. Maybe you would consider tuition. You could teach the history of Olympia, the ways of the Primes and anything else you consider to be of importance.”
I nodded, “Sure Dom, so long as Felix can do the same? He is a Descendant too.”
Dom twirled his moustache for a moment, before clearing his throat again, “Yes okay, from now on you two will be tutors, and the Primes will be trainers.”
“Great, sounds good,” I said hurriedly, “Mind if we go to bed now? We are super tired.”
At Dom’s dismissal we all dashed down the hallway, and into the boys’ bedroom, Ellina keyed the door closed behind us.
“What is going on?” she asked.
Felix told the story whilst I sat, anxiously picking at my fingernails, a habit that my mother hated. By the time he had finished my nail beds were bleeding and I was wriggling in my seat.
“So what do you guys think?” I asked as soon as Felix stopped talking.
They were quiet for a long time, and I continued to jiggle my leg until Theo reached a hand out and clamped it down on my knee, steadying my jittering immediately. 
“I think they are the tracker wolves,” Theo said.
“Really?!” My knee started up again involuntarily until Theo grabbed it again.
“Yeah, really,” he said. “It’s the only explanation for their lack of tracking devices. But I don’t understand how knowing so helps us in any way.”
“Well if we could train them to fight, they would be a good addition to the battle on our side,” Ellina said.
“We would have to train them in secret. It would be impossible to do so without anyone knowing.” Theo argued.
“Not true,” I said. “Everyone knows I love animals. Jett has already trained them to be tame enough to play. It wouldn’t take that much effort to remind them of some of their natural wolf-like behaviour.”
Theo sighed. “If you think you can do it, then by all means, do. But I think you should ask Dom about it straight out. Don’t sneak around and go behind his back to train them. If you get caught he will get suspicious, and that is the last thing we need.”
I nodded happily. I couldn’t wait to start training the dogs. Then I remembered the other topic I had meant to bring up. “Have you guys noticed how there are no adults here?”
“Because all of the adults are either Cured or Prime,” Theo said matter-of-factly. “They must have gathered kids willing to sneak away before they were Cured.”
I wanted to hit myself. Obviously Theo was right, no Primes would want escape their privileged lifestyle, and Norms feared the consequences of running away. It was only before children took the Cure that they spoke amongst themselves, very quietly, of getting out before they had to take it. Before their lives were hijacked. After they were Cured they were either Norms, too disabled by the drug to be able to counter any Prime attack if they disobeyed, or Primes who suddenly didn’t think the Cure was such a bad thing.

Chapter 32

The next few days passed quickly. The four of us stayed very busy with Ellina and Theo training the younger kids in the morning whilst Felix and I tutored the older ones, before groups switched over after lunch. Then we would have dinner and tell a few stories before Jett and I would go and train the dogs. I didn’t tell him why we were teaching them to fight, and he never asked. They were quick learners, and very obedient when it came to obeying commands. After a few hours I would say goodnight to Jett and head off to bed exhausted. 
We didn’t have a lot of time to ourselves to talk about the plan, but Ellina and Theo were impressed with how quick and strong the kids were. They were also very focused in class with Felix and me. Theo mentioned multiple times how unusually focused they were, but I didn’t think much of it, putting it down to the fact that they were just good kids, and probably very scared of Dom. 
I awoke one morning, six days after we had arrived at the compound, to Ellina’s singing. Crooning as she dressed herself had become her favourite Avery alarm. She had already collected the pile of fresh clothes that awaited us outside our door each morning, and laid mine at the foot of my bed. I pulled my pajama top over my head and tossed it into the corner of our room. 
“Put it outside.” Ellina stopped her singing to instruct me.
I picked up the t-shirt and threw it out our door and into the hallway, “Better?” I asked her with an inauthentic smile. Her cleanliness irritated me.
“You are always so grumpy in the mornings. I should just get out of the room before you wake up.”
“Please feel free to do so,” I snarled.
“Let’s go to breakfast,” she said, then turned to me, “You’d better do your hair first though.
“It’s done,” I said, combing my fingers through it. I ran into a matted knot and cried out in pain. 
Ellina came over and spun me until my back was facing her. She began tugging on my hair. I tried to stay standing, but I was no match for her. My knees buckled when she tapped the back of them so I sat backs of my heels and let her tame my hair into a messy braid. This had become a morning ritual over the last week. She woke me up, we had a tiff about how angry I was in the morning, she did my hair, and then we were friends again. 
We walked to the dining hall together, bickering like siblings about how roughly she had been doing my hair. The dining hall was empty. I frowned at Ellina. Although we didn’t know the specific time, our body clocks were tuned to know when it was meal times. 
“Where is everyone?” I paced the empty room, stomach rumbling.
The boys entered, their expressions every bit as confused as ours.
“What the…?” Felix muttered. 
“Must be a holiday or something?” Theo suggested. 
“Back to bed?” Felix suggested, his eyes lit up excitedly at the prospect of more sleep.
I wanted to sleep in too, but I didn’t want to waste time that could be spent preparing, so I started off towards the dogs.
“You guys go to bed. I will meet up with you whenever breakfast is. I want to go see the dogs.”
I was an expert at navigating the corridors now, twisting and turning as Jett did on his Segway. I reached the dogs and found a figure standing at the cage already. The body was much too big to be Jett. I approached the figure and cleared my throat. Dom turned around. 
“Hello, Avery,” he said quietly.
“Hi Dom. Why are you here so early?”
“I could ask you the same thing.”
I hated that he never gave a straight answer. “Well apparently it is some sort of holiday or something, because breakfast wasn’t out yet. We didn’t know. I didn’t want to go back to sleep so I came here.”
“We have brunch on Sundays,” Dom said as though it were obvious. “Why do you like these dogs so much?”
I whistled and the dogs ran over to the fence, “I just like animals,” I said, “They remind me of home.”
“The affection appears to be mutual,” Dom noted with raised eyebrows as my favourite dog, that Jett had named Frankfurter after hearing me talk about Meatloaf, began to lick my legs and whine until I crouched down to scratch behind her ears. 
“Yeah, Frank is my biggest fan.”
“Frank?” his eyebrows lifted higher, “You named him?”
“Her,” I corrected. “Frank is a female. It’s short for Frankfurter.”
“Like the sausage meat?”
“Yes. My last pet was called Meatloaf.”
“I know,” he said so quietly that I nearly didn’t hear him.
I stopped patting the dog and spun to face Dom. “How?” I snapped. “How do you know Meatloaf?”
Dom smiled. “Your inquisitive nature is both a virtue and a flaw, Avery Rose. I imagine it is a large part of the reason you are alive, but also probably a large part of why you find yourself in this pickle.”
I ignored his spiel and stared him dead in the eye, “How do you know Meatloaf?” I asked again.
“The cameras, Avery.” He sighed. “You slaughtered your pet, Meatloaf, in front of our security cameras.”
My breath caught. I had forgotten that we had stupidly thought a sacrifice so necessary to enter Tartarus. We had slain Meatloaf with no good reason. I had slain Meatloaf with no good reason. I began to tremble at the memory.
“If you hadn’t killed Meatloaf, you might not be here, Avery. Remember that. And it was one of the tasks, to slay a bull, you know. It was for a good cause. His life was not wasted.”
I looked at Dom. His face was deadpan and his eyes still icy cold and hard, but the words coming form his mouth were thoughtful and kind. Was there a real person in there somewhere, underneath his robotic façade? 
A pounding of footsteps followed by Jett’s voice shouting my name sounded seconds before the boy screeched to a halt in front of Dom and me. His eyes flicked between us, and he swallowed, catching his breath.
“Is everything okay, boy?” Dom asked him.
“Aaaaah yep,” he replied unconvincingly. Something was up. Something he didn’t want to say in front of Dom.
“You’re hiding something,” Dom said. “Look me in the eye.”
Jett dragged his gaze form the floor and locked it on Dom.
“What has happened, Jett?”
Jett’s shoulders slumped, “Turn on the News,” he mumbled, before turning to me and mouthing an apology.
Dom activated the WallScreen and ordered it to show us the News. The picture switched to a large crowd of Primes. Regina Quaint stood on her usual stage and addressed them.
“Primes!” She gave a little finger wiggle at the crowd. “Welcome to our annual champions ceremony!”
My mouth fell open. Surely Axil and Cecilia hadn’t finished the tasks already.
“We have two new Primes to instate today! In second place, we have Axil Phillips!”
There was a round of applause, and Axil sauntered onto the stage. Regina presented him with a silver medal and a certificate, as well as a set of house keys, to his new mansion on Olympia. 
“And in first place we have Miss Cecilia Potter!” 
Cecelia wore a self-satisfied smirk as she skipped up the stairs and glided over to Regina. She bowed her head to allow the gold medal to slide over her impractically coiffed hairdo and held her hand out for her certificate and house keys. “And as is tradition, our top ranked Prime will make a speech!” Regina announced.
Cecilia cleared her throat, her smile growing wider and even less genuine as she stepped up to the microphone.
“Hello, good people of Olympia.” She spoke in a painfully high pitch. She didn’t address anyone in the Fields, ignoring her former family and friends completely. “What an honour it is to be crowned this year’s winning Prime! I can honestly say I was not expecting it. I owe much of this win to Axil, who has been there for me through the tasks. He often made sacrifices to ensure I won the tasks, and effectively handed me this first place position.” 
The audience clapped, some dramatic crowd members even dabbed at their eyes.
“But, Axil and I will actually be sharing the title of first place,” she paused for effect,
“Because he proposed to me after completing our last task. And I said yes!” 
Cecelia reached for Axil’s hand and pulled him towards her. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and kissed her temple.
There were a few delighted squeals from the crowd, and a raucous applause, until Regina raised her hands to quieten the masses.
“Hush please,” she said daintily, and the audience fell quiet. She turned to Cecilia and Axil, “Well, well, we haven’t seen a proposal during tasks since, well… since Prunella and Apolleon!” 
The crowd was silent and the camera fell on my mother and father, who were standing together. They were very good at their perfect lovey dovey act, with my mother smiling adoringly up into my father’s eyes, and him reaching to entwine his fingers with hers. I swallowed. I missed them.
“And that brings me to my next point.” The smile was gone from Regina’s face, and instead she forced a look of sadness, although her youth serum didn’t allow much facial movement, so the result was an awkward grimace.
“Ah, our other five Newbies have not made it through the tasks. Farrah Silverstone did not survive her second task, and the other four Newbies appear to have failed to reach their eight task. They are missing in action. We will be searching for them, but the outlook is grim, considering their last seen location was in the middle of the desert a week ago.”
The camera turned back to my parents. Mother was in tears and my father looked furious. They mustn’t have been told until now. I watched the screen as Dad pointed and yelled, ordering people about, before the camera switched back to a news presenter.
The WallScreen went black and Dom chewed his lip. He was biting so hard that he had drawn blood, but didn’t seem to notice it running down his chin. He was nervous. But why? 
“We always knew this would happen, right? I mean, of course they were going to come looking for us after we were reported as missing,” I said as I watched his expression carefully. He released his lip from his mouth, and wiped at his chin absently. 
“Yes. Yes of course. This changes nothing,” he muttered, although his voice was not full of his usual confidence. “Nothing at all has changed… nothing at all. Don’t you worry. All is fine…”
He continued to murmur as he walked out of the cages and down the tunnel. I frowned at his retreating figure and turned to Jett.
“Everything is not fine, is it Jett?”
Jett shook his head. “Everything is not fine. Our other leader is coming back. The one I told you about, Leo. He was meant to be away for three whole months, but now he is coming back. We have to get you out of here.”
I swore, and ran to find the others. We had to make a plan. The brunch bell rang and I waited for my friends outside the hall. People filtered into the dining hall. I tapped my foot impatiently for a few minutes, before deciding they must have gone back to sleep. I decided to go and wake them, so we could start hatching a plan. I turned to make my way to the boys’ room when Dom appeared out of nowhere. He stood uncomfortably close.
“Going somewhere, Avery Rose?” his voice was back to normal, his lip covered with medical tape.
“Uh no…” I stammered, as a young girl of about fifteen approached us.
“Dom,” she said hesitantly.
“Not now.”
“But Dom, I was told to tell you that the euthanasia serum is ready.” The words tumbled from the girl’s mouth with such speed that Dom could not stop her.
His eyes widened and darted over to me. I frowned. I wasn’t sure what euthanasia was, but Dom didn’t want me knowing about it. “I said not now, Delilah, you incompetent fool.”
“S…sorry Dom.”
“Go and get me two Segways,” he snapped at her, and she sprinted back down the tunnel. “I am going to need you to come with me, Avery Rose,” he said, turning to face me instead.
Something in his voice was off. It was shaky and uncertain, a tone that was almost entirely unfamiliar compared to his usual obnoxiously superior front. I frowned at him. There was a drop of perspiration between his furrowed brows and beads of sweat dotted the stripe between his nose and moustache. As I watched him, his eye twitched a little in the corner. He was hiding something.
“Where are you taking me?” I asked. Feet glued firmly to the floor, ready to run in the opposite direction. Dom didn’t answer immediately, but stood stock still as Delilah returned with two Segways that she was maneuvering awkwardly down the passage. Dom took them from her without a word and shooed her away. He passed me the handlebars of one of the machines.
“Stupid machines,” he said, “Almost entirely useless for the very purpose they were invented for. A mode of transportation so slow and impractical that they were basically ignored as soon as they were invented. Luckily, they are the perfect size to use through the narrow tunnels of our compound.”
He stepped up onto the platform and I copied him. Dom pressed his start button on the handlebars and twisted his left hand, starting off down the tunnel. I mimicked his actions and my machine began to follow him. I wondered why he was not bringing the others with us. “Are we picking up the others?”
“No, they will meet us there.”
“Where?”
He ignored my question.
“What is euthanasia?”
He ignored me again
“If you don’t answer me I will turn my Segway around,” I said in a final attempt to get some answers.
Dom smirked, “And go where, exactly?” he snarled. His tone was condescending, and much more harsh than his usual robotic voice. But I knew he was right, there was nowhere to run. I felt my stomach seize up prophetically and groaned. This was not going to end well. 

Chapter 33

We drove the Segways for a long way. After a while there were no more intersections to choose from. Instead there was one long straight corridor. Eventually even the lights went out and Dom had to illuminate the darkness with his handheld torch. 
Finally we reached a dead end. Dom tapped the wall in the usual five-tap pattern, but no keypad appeared. Instead, a section of the wall opened to reveal a green screen. A mechanical voice started up, “Type your password.”
A keyboard appeared on the wall and Dom passed me the torch to hold as he shielded the screen with his other hand to key in a code. I leant over Dom’s shoulder in an attempt to gain his code. I squinted at the keyboard as he typed. I only saw him press the “T” key, when he looked over his shoulder. Catching me snooping he frowned at me and covered the entire panel with his body to type his answer. 
He then had to swipe a security tag, which he wore on a necklace, and hold his thumb to the screen to be scanned. Finally the wall began to roll open. I ducked down spying under the door, eager to see what was behind the wall. Instead of the usual rock floor to the cave, the room was covered in stark white tiles. The walls, too, were a bright white. I had to blink my eyes to adjust to the glare. Fluorescent bulbs usually lit the cave, but there were never enough to brighten the space completely. This room, however, was so bright that I was temporarily blinded. I squinted into the whiteness and made out a single black reclining chair. I looked around the room. Nothing. The chair was the only piece of furniture in the place. The door was now fully open. Dom gestured into the room, waiting for me to enter. I shook my head and stumbled backwards. I wasn’t sure what that chair was used for, but I didn’t trust it. I didn’t trust Dom either. I took a further step back and bumped into my Segway. I climbed onto the platform.
“Don’t,” Dom ordered.
“Where are the others?” I asked.
“They're still on their way. Don’t worry. They will be here soon.”
I pressed the start button on my Segway and it jumped to life, but I stayed still. “What is this room?”
“The euthanasia room,” Dom said.
“What is euthanasia?”
“Just a necessary measure we always take on our guests.”
“All guests?” I asked, remembering Jett’s words from our first conversation. He had mentioned that the last guests to the compound had been killed. I looked at the chair again. It had two sets of straps that looked like the seatbelts worn in HoverCars. Why would a chair in an immobile room need straps? I answered my own question. Only if the person in the chair were being held there against his or her will. 
At that, I turned the handles of my Segway as far as they would go. Then I twisted the accelerator and the entire machine swung around. I straightened the handles, keeping the accelerator in full boar, and sped down the long passage. 
“I wouldn’t do that!” Dom yelled after me. I looked over my shoulder at him. He was pointing a black object at me. I recognized it as a gun although I had never seen one in real life before. I had the torch with me but decided it was better to be in darkness. I figured that if Dom couldn’t see me, the probability of a bullet hitting me was lessened. I jumped from the moving Segway and let it crash into the cave wall. It would be easier to be invisible without the noise of the Segway giving me away. Dom fired a shot. I screamed. I was blind in the blackness, but he couldn’t see me either. I kept running, arms flailing in front of me.  My muscles were tensed as I anticipated the bullet, but it never came. 
“Avery?” shouted a familiar, youthful voice.
Jett must have come after us. I didn’t want to shout to him. It would give away my position. Dom must have started his Segway because I heard the familiar hum behind me. My muscles screamed from sprinting.
Another shot went off and I ducked instinctively. This time the bullet was close. It whizzed over my right shoulder and I flinched. I swore under my breath. Jett was coming in this direction. I had to warn him. 
“JETT. GET. OUT!” I screamed at the top of my lungs, although my voice was breathy and came out in gasps.
“AVERY?!” 
“JETT GO!”
He was close now. I could hear his pounding footsteps and heaving breath. 
Dom’s gun went off again and I hugged my body against the tunnel wall. I heard the bullet pass my ear and then a boyish yelp. 
“Jett?” My voice was barely a whisper.
I heard a low moan. The footsteps had fallen silent. Instead there was a rasping breath and a guttural groaning sound. Suddenly not caring about Dom or the gun, I peeled myself off the wall and ran, flat out towards Jett. I could no longer feel my lungs or my legs. The breathing noise was close now, but so was Dom’s Segway. I managed to make out a crouched figure in the darkness and slowed to a stop.
I sunk to my knees and touched Jett’s shoulder gently.
“Jett, its me. I’m here.”
He let out a tiny whimper and I touched a hand to his forehead.
“Where did it hit you?”
Jett let go of his knees that he had been squeezing tight to his chest. He unfurled his body and pressed a hand to his ribcage. I lay my own hand over his smaller, clammy fingers. My breath caught as I felt the warn wetness of Jett’s shirt. I moved my fingers lightly over his body and felt the wound. The bullet hole was large, having pierced the left side of his chest. I let out my breath slowly, not wanting to panic him. I sat on the ground, legs crossed. Then I swivelled until Jett’s head lay in my lap. I stroked his hair, which was wet with perspiration. Silent tears streamed down my cheeks and I was shaking uncontrollably.
“It… It is going… to be okay.” Jett said in a strangled sob.
“I am meant to be the one to say that,” I managed to whisper, before pressing a firm kiss to the top of Jett’s blonde head. I heard his little chuckle, much quieter and shallower than usual. I tried to record the sound in my mind. Imprinting it into my memory so I could listen to it whenever I wanted. The laughter stopped and Jett’s head drooped a little on my lap. He had gone completely limp, his arm falling to the concrete with a slapping sound. 
“Jett?” I said.
No reply.
“Jett it is going to be okay.”
Silence.
“JETT!” I screamed, my voice echoing off the cave walls.  I hadn’t noticed the buzzing of Dom’s Segway had fallen silent. A rough hand clamped onto my shoulder, squeezing tightly. He wrenched me up so that I was standing, causing Jett’s head to drop onto the concrete. I screamed again, this time in anger. I spun around and began wildly flaying my arms in the dark, wanting to hurt. To kill. My hands found Dom’s face and I clawed at him. My fingernail caught his eye. He let out a yell and released my shoulder. Instead of running I dropped back onto my knees. Picking up Jett’s head and holding him again, sobbing irrepressibly. Big gasping sobs. 
“Shut up,” came Dom’s rasp.
“YOU!” I barely recognized my voice. It was scratchy and raw, “YOU DID THIS!”
Dom didn’t say anything.
In the silence I heard the pounding of footsteps in the distance. 
“Avery?” a yell sounded down the tunnel. It was a male voice that I didn’t recognize. I didn’t shout back. I couldn’t. I stroked Jett’s hair. Wiped his wet face.
“Avery?” the same voice shouted. 
I ignored it again, but heard Dom load his gun. 
“Avery?” this time the voice was female, high pitched and girly. Not Ellina. I briefly wondered who it could be, but my concentration was on Jett, I couldn’t form any words.
The sound of the gun going off was deafening. The weapon was barely a meter from my ear, and I heard the bullet fly past me. My ears rung, and my vision blurred. There was a screaming noise underneath the ringing and I stopped stroking Jett’s hair to look up, in the direction of the sound.
Then there was deep voice shouting. I couldn’t make out the words, but the voice was angry, maybe hysterical. A beam of light appeared a little way away. It was being swung around rapidly. I reached for my own flashlight and shone it towards the light rays. There was a rushing of feet and then running legs brushed past me and there was a loud cracking sound. The sound of a heavy punch. Then another. And another. The punching didn’t stop. I slowly lowered Jett’s head to the cave floor and climbed to my feet, turning my torch to illuminate the area around me. I found a large figure attacking Dom, whose legs had buckled beneath him lifelessly. The attacker was holding a limp Dom up as he continued to punch him square in the face. I reached for the attackers shoulder and he spun towards me, his eyes wild. It was Axil. 
I stumbled backwards as he reached for me. Dom’s body fell to the floor.
“You’re okay,” he said disbelievingly. 
I didn’t feel okay.
“Jett,” I whispered.
“Cecelia too,” he replied.
I stepped into his arms and he held me. I rested my head on his chest and wept. His tears dripped onto the crown of my head rhythmically. Finally he stopped crying. My eyes dried too. He released me from the embrace and I stepped away from him, still holding his hand. 
Then a spotlight fell on Axil’s face. I looked down to Dom, who remained lifeless and limp on the ground. My own flashlight was still clasped in my other hand. I turned around in search of the light source. Axil crouched into an attacking position.
“Axil? Avery?” 
Theo’s voice was anxious, as though he were afraid of what he might find. I released Axil’s grip immediately and sprinted in Theo’s direction, barreling into him at full force. He barely noticed, his body easily rebalancing from the hit. He hugged me tight to him, lifting my feet from the ground. He dropped his flashlight onto the floor and it rolled, clattering into the cave wall. Theo found my face with his and pressed his lips to mine, hard. He lowered my feet to the ground as we kissed. I held myself to him tightly, needing his embrace. We stayed that way for a long time. Finally Axil cleared his throat and Theo pulled away from me.  
“What happened?” he asked quietly, cupping my face with his calloused palms.
“Jett,” I said
“And Cecilia.” Axil’s voice was so soft it was barely audible.
“I saw her body on the way in. I’m sorry, man,” said Theo.
Axil let out a sob and Theo walked over to him, clapping him on the shoulder and pulling him into a brief hug. He stepped back and looked down at. He was still motionless. 
“Dead?” Theo asked.
Axil shook his head.
“Kill him,” I whispered and both boys looked at me. Both my tone and expression were neutral. I was serious. I wanted that man dead. 
“Avery…” said Theo.
I didn’t reply. I wasn’t sorry for my words. Theo took my hand, and squeezed it understandingly.
“Axil, how are you here?” Theo asked.
“We were sent.” 
“By who?”
Axil pointed at me.
“What?” I asked, confused.
“Your father.”
I frowned. 
“After our speeches he came to me and Cec-“ he stopped talking.
“Keep going.” Theo ordered.
“He came to us and asked where you were. He told us to find you no matter what. He said that if we found you, and if we got you back to him safely he said we could have his title, his house, his job…”
“Does he know where you came to find us?” Theo asked.
Axil shook his head. Theo swallowed, hard. All hope that there was a search team looking for us was dashed. No one knew where we were. 
“Hopefully the others find help then.” Theo said
“The others?” I asked.
“I sent Felix and Ellina to get out of the compound and find help after Jett came and told us what was happening.”
Upon hearing Jett’s name I tensed. I felt heavy. My eyes and throat stung. Theo rubbed my back soothingly, but I felt nothing. 
Theo turned to Axil, “Go back out the way you came, get the first person you see and ask them to come take Dom’s body. He is going to need some medical attention and then we can interrogate him. Hopefully we can get some answers about what is going on.”
Axil retrieved the dropped flashlight and started off down the tunnel. I crouched down to Jett’s body and grabbed my flashlight from the ground, shining it on the young boy’s face. It was tinged grey. His eyes were still their usual blue, but unrecognizable without their token sparkle. Theo crouched next to me, placing a finger lightly on each eyelid, he closed Jett’s eyes. We stood back up and Theo wrapped me in another hug. He turned to me, his lips meeting mine again. I leant my body on his brad chest, pressing up against him, needing his support. He backed up until he stood against the wall of the tunnel.  His kiss was gentle, but I needed more. I returned the kiss angrily, wildly, and he quickly caught on, his gentle lips becoming rough against mine. 
Suddenly there was a tug on my leg and I was dragged from Theo. A gunshot sounded and Theo fell to the floor of the cave. I screamed, but no sound escaped my raw throat. Theo was grasping his leg in pain. Blood soaked hands grabbed my arms and held them still. Dom had managed to stand up. He twisted my arms behind my back. His face was saturated with blood. His nose bent at a strange angle and his left eye was already swollen shut.
Theo tried to get to his feet, but his leg gave way and he collapsed back to the floor. Dom pushed me onto his Segway and climbed aboard behind me. He stood with the front of his body pressed against my back. I shuddered. He kept hold of my arms, twisting them so tight that I felt like my muscles might tear.
“Avery!” Theo yelled, trying to clamber to his feet again before his leg gave out again. 
Dom started the Segway and sped the distance back to the white room. All the while Theo cried my name. I wanted to reply, to reassure him, but I couldn’t manage to open my mouth. We reached the white room and Dom wrenched me by my arms over to the chair. He shoved me into the seat and started on the straps, trapping me, tightening the restraints until they were cutting into my skin. 
Then he left the room. I heard his Segway start up again and accelerate into the distance. I wondered where he was going. Was he leaving me to die here? I closed my eyes. I didn’t really care. My body was numb all over, and my tears had dried. I wouldn’t cry again, I had no more tears. 
The buzzing of the Segway grew fainter, but it never disappeared. I wondered what Dom was doing. Surely he couldn’t still be in the tunnel, it had been over ten minutes, and the tunnel wasn’t that long. I frowned, concentrating on the whirring sound. It was becoming louder again. He was returning. I braced myself as the sound stopped outside the door of my cell. Dom stumbled into the room, dragging Theo along the ground by one arm. He let go of Theo’s arm. Why wasn’t he trying to get away?
“Theo, go,” I said, my voice dull. I had no energy.
Theo didn’t move. Dom walked over to a handle on the wall and opened a large cupboard. I couldn’t see the contents of the storage area well from the chair but there were a number of devices and bottles filling the space. Dom found some more restraint straps and tied Theo up. Theo made no move to resist Dom’s rough manhandling. His head lolled to one side. His leg was sitting in a pool of blood.
“Let him go.” My voice was still robotic and emotionless.
Dom was silent.
“He is dying.”
Still silence.
“He needs help.”
Nothing.
Then Dom pulled two bottles from the cupboard and walked them over to me. He stood in front of the chair, facing me.
“I actually liked you kids,” he said. “I am sincerely sorry it has to be this way.”
I tried to kick him, but my restraints held me back. Instead I growled; the sound was low and animalistic.
“I mean it Avery. I am especially sorry about Jett. I was fond of that boy.” His voice sounded choked up. I almost believed him. 
“You killed him,” I spat.
“I know,” he said, and his voice wavered. He paused and took a deep, shaky breath. Then he was quiet for a moment, pulling himself together. When he met my eyes again, any emotion that had momentarily surfaced had been wiped from his face. Stone cold. His eyes were concrete grey and his jaw clenched. He held the two bottles up. 
“Euthanasia,” he said.
I remembered the word, but I still wasn’t sure what it meant. “What is it?” I asked a final time.
“Euthanasia serum. Instant death. I am going to kill you,” he said, “All of you.”
Theo groaned from his position on the floor, but Dom ignored him and continued. 
“I want you to know that I am not killing you out of malice. It is honestly the last thing I want to do. I will resent myself for it forever. I already do. Every time our existence is discovered I end up going through this, and I hate myself. Don’t you wonder why I am like I am?  I am bitter, lifeless excuse for a human being. Killing people, innocent or not, sucks the life from you. It vacuums you out until you are a shell. Empty. I am empty. But I do it because I have to. For the greater good.” His voice was shaking now.
“Our last guests turned out to be traitors. We had to kill them or we would have been discovered. Then our whole compound would be murdered. We couldn’t have that. I thought you might be innocent. I thought if I could have you teach the kids, you would be able to prove yourselves, prove that you were innocent, before Leo came back. But then I found out you were training the dogs. Why would an innocent person be training the dogs in secret?”
He took a breath. “And when you watched the speech, when you saw my reaction to it, I knew you saw my fear. When I followed you and saw that you were trying to gather your friends, I knew you were trying to escape. An innocent person would not try to escape.”
He held up the larger bottle of the two. “This in an anesthetic. Once I inject you with it, you will have twenty seconds until you are unconscious. Then I will inject you with this one,” he gestured to the smaller bottle. “It is a euthanasia serum. You will die without feeling a thing.”
He walked to the cupboard and found two syringes.
“We are innocent.” Theo’s voice was a raspy whisper.
“I wish I could believe you Theodore.”
“We want to overthrow the hierarchy. Avery was training the dogs to fight on our side against the Alphas. We agreed to train your people so that you could help us fight.” 
Dom laughed, shaking his head. “You sound exactly like the last intruders. A very similar backstory. A shame really. I though you would have come up with something a little more imaginative.”
“Not a story.” Theo gasped. “It’s true. Right Avery?”
I stayed silent. No matter how much we argued. No matter how we pleaded our case, it was over. He would never believe us. 
Dom slowly filled the syringe with the anesthetic. He hovered the needle over my arm.
Theo finally fell silent, giving up on his last attempt at saving our lives. A crackling noise came from Dom’s pocket and he lowered the needle, frowning. He pulled the black device from his pocket. It was the same communication object that Jett had used when we first arrived at the compound.
“Dom?” came a voice from the device.
“Yes. What is it?” Dom asked into the speaker.
“Turn on the WallScreen News. Now.” The anonymous voice’s tone was urgent.
Dom frowned and put the communication device back into his pocket. “WallScreen on,” he said as he filled the other syringe with the euthanasia serum. 
The Wall switched on, already tuned in to the news channel. Regina was back on her usual stage, although no crowd was surrounding her. “Hello, good people of Olympia.” she said. “As you all have recently been told, four of the Newbies went missing during their initiation tasks.” She cleared her throat, “Well the good news is that two of those Newbies have been found.” She cleared her throat again. “Erm, the bad news, however, is that one of the two Newbies, is not in fact a Prime.”
My eyes widened. Oh no. Theo writhed on the ground. His leg had lost a lot of blood, his face was pale and drenched with sweat. Regina gestured to the side of the stage, where a guard was escorting Felix towards Regina. 
“Felix Fidus evaded the Cure, and attempted the tasks while still human. He has been caught, and he will be Cured. Humans cannot complete these tasks. Ever. There is no point in copying Felix’s actions. If anyone does so, he or she will be caught and then punished. As you can see, we will now Cure Felix. He will then be imprisoned and detained in isolation for a minimum of two years.” 
Regina’s voice was lower than usual, threatening. “Felix?” she said and an enormous man dragged a struggling Felix into the frame. His expression was pure terror. A silent tear ran down my cheek. Regina handed Felix a pill.
Felix kept his lips tight together. The man holding him must have been a Labour Norm. His biceps were enormous and had thick veins running through them. He grabbed Felix’s jaw and yanked it down, forcing his mouth open. Then he tipped Felix’s head back until he was facing the sky. Regina dropped the pill into Felix’s throat and the guard used his other hand to squirt a bottle of water into Felix’s mouth. The guard clamped Felix’s jaw shut, and stood, holding him in position for a moment. I was holding my breath. This could not be happening. Not to Felix. My Felix.
 

Chapter 34

I watched Felix’s throat intently. The camera zoomed in. I prayed for Felix to hold on, to spit the pill out, anything. A further minute passed. Finally, Felix’s Adam’s apple moved in his throat. It inched upwards, before lowering back down. A movement that made my stomach drop. Tears streamed down my face. My throat was seized and my breathed was ragged. Felix. My Felix. Had been Cured. 
I turned back to the screen to see Felix’s reaction. He fell to the floor, still for a moment. His eyes were closed. Slowly, he opened them. He climbed to his feet. He didn’t smile. His eyes weren't twinkling. They were dull, lifeless. 
“How do you feel, Felix?” Regina asked.
“Fine.” A monotonous, robot voice. 
“Can you tell me what the sum of seven and nine is please?”
Felix frowned. His mouth contorted with thought. Then he shook his head. “No….” he said. “No I cant.”
Regina’s mouth turned upwards slight, battling the anti-aging serum. “Good,” she said, her sickly sweet voice returning.
I stared at the ceiling. Felix was a Norm. My Felix. A lifeless robot. I let my arms fall, dangling from my sides. My whole body went slack. I didn’t care what happened anymore. Dom raised the needle again. He had a frown on his face, but said nothing.
He plunged the needle into my arm and pressed the syringe down slowly. The liquid released into my vein. I felt it pulsating through my arm. Black dots began to mar my vision. Heaviness overwhelmed me and my eyelids sunk. 
“Avery?” Theo whispered, but I barely heard him.
“Avery?!” shouted another voice. It was familiar. I frowned, battling the exhaustion that was consuming me. I used all my remaining strength to lift my head to find the new speaker. My eyes fell on the man who had said my name. I felt betrayal. Hatred. Surely I was hallucinating. My head fell back to the chair’s headrest. All my energy had been used. The anesthesia was winning. 
“Leo.” Dom said, turning to the man that had entered the room and said my name. The needle was extracted from my arm, its contents buried deep in my veins. 
Leo. I looked at the man. Revulsion, anger, agony overwhelmed me. Leo. The name swam around my head. My thoughts were sluggish. Apolleon. Leo. My father. My father stood in the doorway. Watching me die. I was being murdered by my own father. I wanted to scream. Wanted to ask what he was doing. And why.  But the darkness took over, and I was gone.

To be continued.

###


Author’s Note
Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review at your favourite retailer. If you want to keep up with Avery and the others between books, then you can visit them and get some insider knowledge at http://dcla278.wix.com/olympiatrilogy

About the Author:
Diana Clarke is a student at the University of Auckland, New Zealand. She studies English and Marketing, and lives in Auckland with her fabulous flatmates. She comes from a small city in the North Island called Tauranga, where she grew up with her amazing parents and two brothers. This is Diana’s first novel, and she hopes to keep writing throughout her life. 

Connect with Me:
Favourite me on Smashwords: Cured
Friend me on Facebook: Cured Olympia Trilogy
Follow my blogsite: http://dcla278.wix.com/olympiatrilogy

