Storm Chase (Book 1 of the Spacetime Legacy)

By K. M. Carroll

When magic erupts from his hands, Carda Chase tries to learn to control it without blowing up his friends and family. But when a schoolmate absorbs the powers of a world-destroying angel and goes on a rampage, Carda has to use his unruly powers of space and time before the angel gets loose and devours Earth.

For updates on further books, subscribe to my newsletter!


Copyright © 2013 by Kessler Carroll, Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Printed in the United States of America

First Printing, 2013

http://spacetime.netraptor.org


Table of contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29



Chapter 1

Carda stared at his English exam paper as if it were a rattlesnake. It stared back, covered in enigmatic grammar questions.
Everyone around him bent over their papers, pencils scribbling. Smart people, who likely already had their lives planned out--college, jobs, careers. Things they wanted to do.
He sighed, dug his fingers into his red hair, and tackled the first question. Then the second. Just get it over with. One more short summer, then off to college, an English degree, and a teaching position somewhere safe and desperately boring.
His pencil drifted to a sheet of scratch paper, where he doodled a car. A detailed Mazda Miata. Too bad his final didn't involve overhauling one of those beauties. 
A movement caught his eye. Across the aisle, Rayne Mistral pulled a second, completed test out of thin air, laid it beside his own, and covered it with notebook paper. Then he glanced at Carda with a weedy, defiant smile.
Gonna tell?
Carda exhaled and glared at his test. Once he graduated, he hoped to never see Rayne's greasy weasel face again. Always doing sleight of hand to make other people's stuff disappear.
Carda wouldn't tell. But someday, when Rayne went to jail, he'd laugh.
The English test mocked him, barely begun. He faced it and tried to cudgel his brain for answers. But the test was the last step between the life he wanted, and the life his parents had chosen for him. Heck, there was a folder on the kitchen counter full of his school records, ready for application to Arizona State University.
His whole life, completely planned and safe. 
Like a rat in a maze. 
"I don't want this!" he thought. Anxiety and despair beat inside him, like wild birds in a cage. "I want adventure and danger, and--and--anything that's not teaching English!"
Deep inside his soul, a fault line shifted. A jolt like electricity shot through him, quivering in his muscles. His vision blurred. A rift opened inside him, like a crack in a volcano.
He caught himself before he toppled out of his chair. What was that? Dehydration? Some kind of electrical shock prank? Carda checked under his chair for wires, but there was nothing suspicious.
Depressed, he sank back in his uncomfortable metal chair. Sure, he asked for more from life, and the universe inexplicably decided to torture him. He grabbed his pencil and smoothed out the test.
Brown tinted the paper under his hand. He snatched his hand up and gasped. Lightning flickered in his palm. That must have been what he'd felt! He clenched his fingers over the lightning, and it went out.
What in the heck was going on? Was the school wiring bad, or--
Smoke wisped from the pencil in his left hand. He dropped it. The pencil rolled across his desk, burned black in the middle. Green fire licked through his fingers, as if he'd dipped his palm in lighter fluid.
Clenching his fist on the flame only made it swirl through his fingers. Carda's heart hammered its way into sheer panic, and he drew huge breaths. He leaped to his feet and waved at the teacher. 
"Mrs. Lisbon, I'm on fire!"
The other students gasped or screamed. Several people yelled, "Stop, drop, and roll!"
Carda dropped to the floor, but rolling seemed useless when his hand was on fire. He beat it against the linoleum instead. The plastic warped and stank.
"Here!" A boy threw him a sweatshirt.
Carda wrapped his arm in it. Smoke billowed from the shirt, and a second later, fire burst from it. 
Panting in terror, Carda ripped the burning shirt off his arm and threw it across the room. It landed on a pile of completed tests on a table, which immediately caught fire.
By this time the class was a pandemonium of shouts, screams, and smoke. Carda had managed to light his own test on fire--completely by accident, of course--when a jet of white, frigid powder hit him in the face.
He flinched and held his breath. More cold struck his hand. Something inside him switched off, and somehow he knew the fire was gone.
When the air cleared, Rayne Mistral stood there, grinning, holding a fire extinguisher. There was a sudden silence, as everyone stared at Carda.
"Well," Rayne said, "you handled that with your usual flair."
Carda was too stunned to think of a good retort. He wiped powder off his face, then looked at his hands. No burns. No pain.
Then the emergency sprinkler system poured rain on everyone.

***

"That's what happened, I swear." Carda sat in the living room with his fists resting on his knees.
His mother and father faced him from the love seat. His father, Jonathan, whose red hair matched Carda's, frowned at his son with skepticism. "Your hand just caught fire?"
"Yeah, whoosh! I couldn't make it stop and it burned through everything." Hysteria still bubbled below the surface, even though it was hours later, and he was safe at home. Carda clenched his fists a little tighter, as if that could hold it inside.
His mother, Abigail, always a small, worried woman, glared at him. "You were playing with a lighter, weren't you? And you spilled the fluid."
"No!" The classroom flashed through Carda's mind. "I don't even have a lighter! I was doing my test, when my pencil started smoking."
Jonathan shook his head. "However it happened, son, you disrupted a whole class, and failed your English final."
Carda stared at the floor. At least something good had come of the ordeal. Not that he could say it out loud.
His mother drew a deep breath, and her eyes widened. 
He braced himself.
Her tirade broke over him like a tidal wave. Failing that final meant he had to take remedial English classes, which meant he might not make it into ASU that fall. He might have lost a whole year of academic study--a whole year!--all because of some stupid prank. He should be ashamed of himself. Indal Tay was accepted into college, and he had never--
At that point Carda turned his ears off, and added subtitles. Oh, my performing monkey missed the jump through the last hoop. No banana for you.
Seriously, how had the fire started? And that weird jolt, when he'd had visions of fantasy stuff. What had that been? 
His clenched fists trembled against his knees. Exhaustion crushed him like a sack of bricks. And somewhere deep inside him lurked the fire's source. A dam had broken, or a seam had split.
Maybe I'm actually a dragon. 
But fire should come out of his mouth, not his hands. Maybe he was a wizard. Or a Jedi.
His mother wound down. "Don't you ever do this again, you understand?"
Carda shook his head. "I hope I never do. Can I go to bed now?"
His parents nodded. Carda fled for the shelter of his bedroom.
Heavenborn posters covered the walls, featuring black-dressed band members, angel wings, and silver skulls. On the desk opposite the window, a computer sat buried beneath stacks of textbooks, soda cans, and gaming magazines. A glass case containing model cars stretched along the far wall.
The familiarity of his stuff comforted him. He flopped on his bed and held his pillow to stop the shaking. Weird fire stuff had happened, but he was safe now. Slowly the tension in his muscles relaxed.
A soft knock on the door. His father's voice said, "Carda?"
Carda sat up and tried to look less traumatized than he felt. "Come in."
Jonathan opened the door and stepped in, closing it behind him. He sat on the bed beside Carda. "You okay?"
"I've been better."
His father studied his face. "Right. You know your friend, Rick Planarre, down at the auto shop?"
"Yeah." Rick had been teaching Carda the intricacies of engines and how to modify them.
"Go down tomorrow and talk to him about this."
Carda blinked several times. "Rick doesn't set people on fire, Dad."
Jonathan nodded. "Tomorrow."
"Tomorrow." Weirdest advice ever.
Jonathan lightly punched Carda's elbow, then left the room.
Carda lay down again, and stared at his ceiling fan. What did Rick know about any of this? Or his dad, for that matter? The only person who knew about burning hands was Rayne.
As he dozed off, he tried over and over to figure out how Rayne had done it. It had to be a prank. The way Rayne had sneered at him, as if he knew exactly what had happened.
At least it wouldn't happen again.
Probably.


Chapter 2

The next morning, Carda didn't get up until after nine o' clock. When he finally crawled out of bed, it was only because of hunger. 
The house was quiet, but for the hum of the air conditioning. Carda approved, and padded into the kitchen in his shorts. His twin sister Michelle sat at the kitchen table  with a fork, a glass of milk, and an entire coffee cake.
Carda gestured at it in outrage. "You took the whole cake?"
Michelle shrugged with a mischievous grin. "I'm not getting a plate dirty, right? Grab a fork."
He did so, and joined her at the table. The coffee cake had a layer of cream cheese through the middle--not the healthiest breakfast item, but definitely the most delicious.
Michelle watched him eat. Her long red hair was braided, and freckles decorated her cheekbones, where her skin had tried to tan in the Arizona sun.
Finally she said, "Mom went to the store. She's still mad at you, by the way."
Carda shrugged. "It wasn't my fault."
"What happened, anyway? You were barely coherent last night."
He told her the story. It seemed too fantastic to believe, now that he'd slept and gotten some distance. Yet the memory of the fire in his hands remained vivid and terrifying.
Michelle listened, nodding. When he finished, she said, "I'm not saying it was aliens, but--aliens."
"Aliens abduct people, not flambe them."
She gave him an odd look, as if waiting for him to understand a joke's punch line. When he simply stared, she shrugged and took another bite of coffee cake.
He struggled to grasp what she wasn't telling him. "Mish, did you do the fire?"
"Pssh, no. I can't do fire."
Carda's eyebrows stretched toward his hairline. "That is the weirdest thing I've ever heard you say."
"Summer vacation is already rotting my brain." She licked her fork clean. "I'm gonna dance in the garage before it gets too hot outside. See you!" She got up and trotted out of the kitchen.
Carda nibbled the coffee cake pensively. Michelle should have been shocked, or impressed. Instead, she seemed ... knowing. Like she knew exactly what had happened and expected him to figure it out. Was there some kind of illness going around where people's hands caught fire?
He examined his palm. No burns. It hadn't even felt hot, but it scorched everything he touched. And it was still there. Deep inside him, the rift remained, and more fire could pour forth any second.
He clenched his fist on the fork. No more fire, or freaky lightning.
Carda showered, and went out in the driveway to work on his cherry-red Miata. It was an old model, second hand, and didn't run so well anymore. But he'd been repairing it little by little--it hauled him around town now, with only the occasional breakdown.
Michelle danced her ballet routine in the garage, the radio blaring. Sometimes she bounded out the open door into the driveway, to the edge of the house's cool shadow, but she never touched sunlight. Sweating in the late May warmth, Carda considered pulling his car forward five feet to catch some shade, himself.
He straightened and checked his hands for grease. 
More green fire flickered in his left hand.
Fear blasted through him. "Not again!" He backed away from his car, and furiously shook his hand.
Michelle appeared at his side. "Oh cool! You really are on fire!"
"This is not cool! Get me a bucket of water!"
"Okay, just don't burn anything!" Michelle dashed indoors.
Carda stood and stared at the fire. It curled and flickered like a candle flame, smokeless, completely harmless, as long as he wasn't holding something flammable. Still, his heart beat hard, and adrenaline raced through his body. He wanted to run, and yell, and make it stop. But he forced himself to stand still.
Inside him, fire poured through the rift. Why couldn't he close it? What had caused it?
He glanced around the quiet neighborhood, and stepped behind his car. Hopefully none of the neighbors noticed. From a distance, it would look like he had something in his hand. 
Michelle reappeared with a bucket that had once contained ice cream. "Here you go."
Carda plunged his hand into the water. The fire vanished. Relief flooded him, and his knees went weak. "Thanks, Mish. You're a lifesaver."
She gave him another of those weird looks, as if she was waiting for him to say something.
"What?" Carda pulled his hand out of the bucket, and the fire sprang to life in his wet palm.
He stared. "No way."
"Hey," said a new voice.
Carda and Michelle jumped. A girl stood on the sidewalk, staring at them. She wore shorts and sandals, completely normal, except for the cat ears and tail, which matched her brunette hair. For some reason she wore earbuds in the cat ears. 
She pulled them out and stuck them in her pocket. "Having trouble?"
"Uh, no." Carda clenched his fist and shoved his hand behind his back. If he caught his own shirt on fire, at least Michelle stood by with a bucket. His heart still pounded.
The girl walked up and gestured. "Show me your hand."
Slowly he pulled his hand out and opened his fingers. Fire blazed, thin and ghostly in the sunlight.
The cat girl squinted at it. "Oh, that's all? Draw a deep breath, exhale slowly."
Carda did. His heartbeat slowed a little, and the flame shrank.
"Again."
The flame dwindled to a flicker.
"Again."
"What are you, a yoga teacher?" But this time the flame vanished altogether. Carda wiped his hand on his shorts as if to remove ash. The rift inside him quieted, like a volcano that had temporarily expended its energy.
Relief made him want to laugh. Now he wasn't freaked out, he had time to notice that the girl's cuteness was enhanced by the ears and tail. 
"I'm Carda Chase. Thanks for that."
"I'm Xironi." She smiled, then checked her watch. It was the sort of watch that also contained a compass, a depth gauge, and supplies for a family of four. Gibberish sped across its screen.
It was hard not to stare at her cat ears. They looked velvety, like real ones. Carda cleared his throat. "That's an interesting name."
"Mm hmm." Xironi studied Michelle with a vague, thoughtful expression. 
Michelle smiled brightly, as if Xironi had picked up on her secret joke.
"Well, I'll see you around." Xironi replaced the earbuds in her cat ears and walked off, still fiddling with her watch.
Carda checked his hands. No fire. "That was odd."
Michelle gave him a knowing smile, and trotted back into the garage to resume dancing.
No point standing around worrying. Carda jumped into his car and headed for Rick's.


Chapter 3

A world away from Earth, Jonas sipped a cup of coffee in the High Council chamber. It was a comfortable room with deep purple carpet, gold drapes, soft armchairs, and an obsidian-topped table the size of a swimming pool. Today the table glowed with an image of a tall, stocky redhead driving down the road in a red convertible.
Jonas glanced at the other Council members. Matthias was tall and thin, with iron-gray hair and a goatee he stroked as he watched. Lucas was shorter and growing portly as he aged, his stomach stretching his official plum-colored jacket. Markus, of the mustard-yellow toupee, sat with both elbows on the table, studying the image.
Carda Chase had a wholesome face, mischievous, expressive. Of course, the incident with setting his classroom afire must be taken into account. But all Striders of Chronos had trouble with their powers at first. The kid might surprise them all.
Lucas broke the silence. "What do you think?"
"Expendable," Matthias said. "I give him a week before something does him in."
Jonas frowned. "You said that about Illianna, too."
Matthias waved a hand. "Illianna broke every rule, including average time in office. Look at this kid. He has no clue."
Jonas sighed and scratched at the t-shirt's collar under his robe.
"I like him," Markus said. "He's the type to shake up the Council once he gets here."
Jonas summoned a notepad and pencil with a flicker of green fire. "Shall I schedule him for the usual orientation briefing?"
"No," Matthias said.
Jonas froze, pencil hovering over the notepad. "No?"
Matthias waved to the table's image. "Like I said, he's expendable. He'll blow himself up inside of a week and we'll be looking for the next Strider of Chronos. Don't bother with this one."
Lucas, Marcus and Jonas stared at Matthias. He stared back, meeting each eye, then leaned forward. "Look. I'll show you." He placed a palm flat on the table, and the image changed.
Lava. Immense crystals. A snarling werewolf. A black storm engulfing Phoenix. Carda himself being snatched into it.
"A week," Matthias said.
The Council broke into an uproar. Markus pounded the table and shrilled that the newest Strider of Chronos needed all their support. Lucas bellowed that an irresponsible mage was a liability, and they hadn't had a good one since Rick Planarre. Jonas roared that no matter what, the Council always stood with the Strider of Chronos. Matthias snapped across all of them that the future was a fixed probability and Carda Chase was a failure, training or no training.
The argument finally wound to a halt, with all four men red-faced and breathing hard.
Lucas leaned back in his chair. "This is the future. We can't tamper with it, gentlemen. We'll address this problem later."
Markus said nothing, but he caught Jonas's eye. Jonas nodded.
The meeting adjourned ten minutes later. Jonas walked through the Council building to a hallway lined with busts of past Striders of Chronos. 
The newest bust portrayed a young woman with curly hair and a charming smile. The plaque beneath it read, Illianna, Strider of Chronos for ten years. Murdered by assassins. A silver medallion rested against the statue's base.
Jonas slipped the medallion into a pocket and walked on.
Four floors down, Markus passed Jonas in the hallway and muttered, "Rick's in your office."
Jonas's office was the size of an apartment flat with four windows looking into different worlds. Comfortable furniture was arranged to form two spaces--one for business, with a desk, and one for comfort, with sofas, low tables and a wide screen television.
A man with a scar down the side of his face sat on a sofa, feet propped on a table. He straightened as Jonas entered.
"Hello, Rick." Jonas closed the door behind him. "I need to ask you a favor."
Rick rose to his feet. His head barely reached Jonas's collarbone. "I'm not the Strider of Chronos anymore, Jonas. I'm retired."
"I know." Jonas pulled out the heavy medallion and placed it in Rick's hand. "We've located the next Strider of Chronos, but the High Council is split on training him. He might not last the week."
Rick lovingly traced a finger across the hourglass emblem etched on the medallion. "What should I do?"
"Give him the medallion, the Manual and the orientation talk. Get Harthur and Xironi to help him, if they're not already. Ideally he'll need a strider and a chronomancer helping him."
"Right. Who is this kid, anyway?"
"Carda Chase."
Rick's mouth fell open. "Carda? He hangs around my shop all the time! He's the Strider of Chronos?"
Jonas nodded, hoping his face didn't look as stony as he felt. "Neglecting his training is a death sentence. I'm not going to lose another one so soon after Illianna. But my hands are tied. He's on his way to see you right now."
"I'll get back and give him the talk." Rick shoved the medallion in his pocket.


Chapter 4

Phoenix was a sprawling monster of a city, devouring the desert valley between the Estrella mountains to the southwest and the McDowell and Superstition mountains to the northeast. Once it had been an abandoned city of the Maricopa tribe, but the white man had rebuilt the irrigation canals and the city itself. They'd named it Phoenix, as a new city rose from the ashes of the old.
The city was split into two rectangles by the 202 highway. The northern rectangle was composed of the cities of Peoria, Glendale and Scottsdale. The southern, slightly smaller rectangle housed Phoenix proper, as well as Tempe, Mesa, Gilbert and Chandler. South Mountain plunged into Pheonix and Tempe like an immense arrowhead, its back lined with radio towers.
Carda lived in Mesa, and Rick's auto shop was down in Gilbert. It was a fifteen-minute commute in light traffic. But Phoenix's morning traffic rivaled Los Angeles's, even on the 60.
As Carda parked and took his hands off the steering wheel, green fire and purple lightning blossomed from his palms. "Oh no, not here!" 
He tried drawing deep breaths, but the sight of the fire made him panic. Somehow he had to sneak into the shop without anybody noticing the fireworks.
Carda opened the car door with one finger, climbed out and kicked it shut. Clenching his fists, he shoved his hands in his pockets. The fire made his legs tingle, but fortunately didn't ignite his pants. He hurried across the parking lot and opened the office door with an elbow. 
It was a little box of a room with a few chairs, a reception desk with a computer, and a door opening into the shop proper. Carda nudged open the auto shop door and looked out.
The shop smelled of old grease and stale cigarettes. Three cars sat overhead on lifts, and several mechanics worked among them. A radio blared country music. 
Carda spotted his friend. "Hey Rick!"
Rick wore his brown hair shoulder-length to hide the jagged pink scar that ran from his scalp down the side of his face. He wiped his hands on a rag and walked up with a grin. "Hey there, kid. What can I do for you today?"
Carda retreated into the waiting room and lowered his voice. "I need to talk to you. Can we go in your office?"
"Sure." Rick led the way down a short hallway to a miniscule office. It housed a desk, two computers, and a filing cabinet. A swivel chair nestled under the desk.
Rick and Carda squeezed into the office. Carda pushed the door shut with his heel.
"S'up?" Rick said.
Carda pulled his hands out of his pockets. Fire and lightning sparkled in either hand. "I can't stop it!"
Rick raised an eyebrow, but didn't look as surprised as Carda had expected. "Man, you do have problems."
"How do I turn it off?"
"Keep your voice down. Make a fist."
"That doesn't work!" Carda clenched his fists. Lightning danced out of one and fire swirled out of the other.
"Calm down. You're so upset that you've got the fight or flight response going on. It won't turn off until you're calm." Rick pulled out the desk chair and motioned to it.
Carda sat and leaned back, drawing deep, slow breaths. The fire dwindled a little. He clenched his fists, and the fire finally disappeared. Man, what a relief.
Rick scratched his chin. "This happen often?"
"Since yesterday. I caught my finals class on fire."
Rick laughed. "Oh man, let's get you educated. First off, that's magic. Space magic shows up as green fire, purple lightning is time magic. Having both makes you the Strider of Chronos."
He flicked green light in the air, and a fat book with a red cover appeared on the desk. The word "Manual" was embossed on the front in gold.
Carda's brain choked on the word magic. But the rift gaped inside him, pouring warmth through his being. Magic? Real magic?
"This will explain everything." Rick smiled and half-shrugged. "I used to be the Strider of Chronos, but I'm retired. I'm a chronostrider now--sort of a second-class mage."
Carda slumped in the chair and stared at his hands. "How can there be magic? Wouldn't science have discovered it? They should use it in--in power plants or something!"
Rick handed him the red book. "Earth doesn't officially know about magic yet. It's not quite ready. But some people are born with powers, or magic, or whatever you want to call it. In this corner of the multiverse, time and space powers are the most common."
Carda flipped through the Manual. It had different handwriting every few pages, like a business ledger. "So I was born with these powers?" At least he didn't have to call it magic. Like a superhero.
Rick shrugged. "I don't know where it comes from, only that every mage grasps their power differently. I retired when Illianna took over, years ago. She got herself assassinated earlier this week."
"Oh." A cold feeling settled in Carda's chest. "There'll be people gunning for me?"
"Sad to say, yep."
Rayne's smirk flashed through Carda's mind. He'd known. 
"There's this guy in my class ... I've seen him do crazy tricks and make things disappear. Like, really disappear. Do you think he might have powers?"
"Maybe so."
"How did he learn to use it when I'm stuck lighting stuff on fire?"
"There's a couple of schools around here--hidden, of course. One for space mages--striders, we call them--and one for chronomancers. The man in charge of the Strider Academy ..." Rick gazed into space with a scowl, as if contemplating something terrible. "He's named Demetrius, and he may not appreciate the new Strider of Chronos breaking through in his backyard."
"Oh. So I can't go to a school for this."
"No, you get the Manual. And hopefully we can find you some tutors."
Rick's matter-of-fact attitude calmed Carda. He'd gone from freaking out at green fire in his hands, to discussing schools and tutors. And really, it was a relief to finally understand what was happening. The tension inside him, coiled like a spring in a clock, began to unwind.
Rick pulled a silver medallion on a chain out of his pocket. "Here you go. Your badge of office."
Carda took it. The medallion was a quarter of an inch thick, and heavy, as if it were made of solid silver. Engraved on the front was an hourglass surrounded by gyroscope rings.
"It helps channel your powers," Rick explained. "It can store power, and it'll help keep your magic under control when you get mad or scared."
"Man, do I need this." Carda hung it around his neck and hid it under his shirt. "I should probably keep this all a secret, right?"
"Right. Especially once you start bending space and messing with time. Be careful, or the Chronostrider Council will kick your butt."
"Who?"
"Interdimensional bureaucracy. They maintain trade relations between worlds, things like that. They don't like to enforce laws, but attract enough attention on a magic-embargoed world like Earth, they'll be forced to act."
This sounded vague and terrifying. "So, what does a Strider of Chronos do?"
"Think of yourself as an ambassador, problem solver, and janitor. You can fix magical messes it would take a whole team to handle otherwise. You'll maintain the peace between striders and chronomancers. And the Council will give you assignments on other worlds."
That's what Xironi had meant with her remark about having fun. The dull, stuffy future of being a teacher fell away. Instead, Carda glimpsed an incredible life of adventure, like he'd always craved. Excitement stirred inside him, as if he'd sighted Disneyland for the first time.
Rick must have read his face, because he grinned and slapped Carda's shoulder. "You're not ready for all that yet! Go home, study, practice. I'll make some calls, see if I can find any local mages your age. Keep it secret, all right?"
"What about my classroom? Any my family? They all know about my fire stuff."
Rick shook his head. "It can't be helped. Most people will rationalize it away."
Except Michelle had been excited. And expectant, as if waiting for him to grasp that it was magic. And his father had sent him to Rick. Crap, was his whole family in on this?
That'd be cool, actually. 



Chapter 5

Rayne flicked his blond hair out of his eyes, and leaned against the wall. 
"Meet me at my office at four o'clock," Demetrius had said. But it was a quarter after, Demetrius was a no-show, and his office was locked.
Nobody bothered with the administration building on Saturdays, even in the Strider Academy. What were the odds of getting caught if he teleported into Demetrius's office?
It wouldn't be the first time Rayne had used his spatial powers for breaking and entering. He glanced up and down the hallway, especially at the staircase. Still no sign of Demetrius. 
Rayne opened one hand with green fire dancing on his palm. He concentrated on a mental image of Demetrius's office, grabbed the space there, and pulled.
He appeared in a dim room and glanced around. No Demetrius. Man, what was all this stuff?
Demetrius's office had only one light, which was turned off. But a shelf circled the room at waist height, covered in various items under glass domes. Orbs with orange fire swirling inside. Horned human skulls. A folded strip of spatial cloth covered in twinkling stars.
Rayne had been here yesterday after Carda had freaked about his powers. None of this stuff had been here. The shelf must be inside a folded space spell.
The brightest light shone from a purple thing on Demetrius's desk. Rayne peered at it with his hands behind his back. A black crystal six inches long, with five sides and a wicked point. Someone had drilled a hole through its base, and threaded a silver chain through it. It had the greasy look of daily use.
It was shiny and valuable. The only excuses he needed.
Rayne grabbed the crystal's chain and flicked it away through space with a green flash. Somewhere outside of Phoenix was an enormous Saguaro cactus with a cavity in its heart, filled with all kinds of things Rayne had stolen.
The door's lock clicked. Rayne jumped and grabbed a fistful of local space. His teleport landed him back down the hall outside. 
Demetrius stood outside his office door, key in hand. He was an olive-complexioned Greek, dressed in his usual suit and tie. Rayne shoved his hands in his pockets and slouched toward him.
When Rayne stepped into the office again, the shelf of magical items had vanished. Demetrius stood behind his desk with a frown, eyes flicking everywhere. He lifted a stack of papers, then set it down as he faced Rayne. "You must know why I called you."
Rayne shifted his weight to one leg. "To tell you about Carda."
"Yes. The boy who set your classroom on fire."
Rayne recounted the entire hilarious incident. "Honestly, sir, I've never seen a strider flip out over their powers like that. I wish I'd thought to film it."
"That would be disastrous," Demetrius said. "I have conclusively identified him as the next Strider of Chronos."
Rayne's eyes widened. "No way."
"Yes. The Council is debating a course of action as we speak. Our window of opportunity is narrowing. I want you to kill him."
For a long moment Rayne stared at his mentor. "I've never killed anyone, sir. I'm not sure how, exactly." Petty theft was a long way from murder.
"Utilize your powers. A simple space compression would do the trick."
"With all due respect, sir, why don't you kill him yourself?"
Demetrius's mouth twisted. "The Council would immediately trace his death to me. You have no record, and therefore the Council is unaware of your existence."
Rayne nodded, but his stomach twisted. "What about prison and the electric chair? Not to mention what the Council does to magical murderers."
"Make it look like an accident."
And Demetrius would disavow all knowledge if Rayne failed. "Yes sir."
Rayne left the office, hands in his pockets. So, Carda was the Strider of Chronos. No wonder Demetrius wanted him dead. He'd better look up how the previous one died. Hadn't she been murdered, too?
Once Rayne was back in the privacy of his dorm room, he summoned the black crystal. Then he worked an isolation spell to cut off his space from the rest of the universe's. 
It was advanced, dangerous magic, because prolonged isolation could de-synchronize him and leave him stranded in his bubble. But Rayne set a timer, as he always did when using the spell. Five minutes was perfect.
What did the crystal do? Rayne held it up and inspected it, rubbing his fingers over the glassy surface. A purple glow illuminated his hands and made the white stripe on his shirt glow ultraviolet. 
"Hello, stranger," said a female voice.
Rayne nearly dropped the crystal. A ghostly woman appeared before him, her hands and ankles bound with chains. A shimmering red dress clung to her voluptuous figure, and a golden choker studded with jewels ringed her neck. Dark hair tumbled down her shoulders, and black feathered wings spread behind her like a cape. A mortal angel--an angelus--but with black wings. The most dangerous kind.
Rayne realized his mouth had fallen open. "Who are you?"
"I'm Inferna, dear." The angelus tilted her head and smiled. "Who might you be?"
"I'm Rayne Mistral. Are you trapped in this crystal?"
Inferna tossed her head back and laughed. "Nothing so simple, dear Rayne. The crystal is my pledgestone. It's what transfers my powers to Demetrius." She lowered her chin and gazed at Rayne through long eyelashes. "But now you have it."
Rayne's heart thudded and heat burned his face. He opened his hand and looked at the crystal. "This is why Demetrius is so strong?"
"You catch on quick. I like that." Inferna's voice dropped an octave. "Long ago I shared my power openly with Demetrius. But since I was imprisoned, we had to invent a work-around. We created the pledgestone. While you hold it, you have my power and Demetrius does not."
"You mean right now I'm stronger than Demetrius?"
"Yes, dear Rayne. I'm not particular about who shares my power, as long as they're cute." She batted her eyelashes.
Rayne stared at the crystal, wide-eyed. "Oh wow. I could rule the world!"
"Or destroy it."
Rayne clenched his fist over the crystal. "I need to kill the Strider of Chronos."
Inferna's eyes glowed red and her jaws opened to reveal wolf-like teeth in a skeletal face. Rayne's skin crawled.
Then she blinked and became a fashion model again. "The Strider of Chronos? Dear, killing them is my favorite pastime."



Chapter 6
Carda drove home, and walked into the cool, air conditioned house. His mother was typing away in her office, and his father was at work. Good.
As he reached his bedroom door, Michelle peeked out of her room. "Nice book. Library trip?"
"You could say that." Carda paused, hand on the doorknob, and eyed her speculatively. "Come in and I'll tell you about my green fire."
She beamed and pranced behind him like a delighted puppy. As soon as they were safely in his room with the door shut, she squealed, "It's magic, isn't it?"
"Yeah, but how do you know about it?"
"Um..." Michelle played with her braid, and her smile widened. "Because I have powers, too."
Of course she did. Naturally. "Are you setting stuff on fire, too?"
"No, watch!" Michelle rose to her feet and waltzed around the room. The floorboards creaked. Car models rolled across their display case. Carda sank into the mattress as if he'd gained fifty pounds. "Stop it!"
Michelle froze and the weight vanished. "I can manipulate gravity."
At first gaped at her--then he digested the revelation. "So...wait, how long have you had this?"
"A couple of months." Michelle danced a different rhythm, then ran up the wall and stood upside down on the ceiling. "Remember Mom yelling at me for the footprints on the walls?"
Carda's jaw touched his knees.
Michelle kicked his ceiling fan with one toe, then ran down the wall to the floor again. "I've been keeping it secret for so long--I thought I was losing my mind sometimes."
"I know the feeling. Why does it work when you dance, though?"
"No idea! Maybe because I've always danced and that's how my body works?"
"This thing might tell us." Carda pulled out the Manual and opened it. Michelle sat beside him and looked, too.
The first page was a grid in faded brown ink. Each square in the grid contained a tiny labeled circle. The circle in the grid's center was drawn darker than the others, and labeled, "Earth Prime". Around it were other Earths with alternate names in parenthesis. Earth (Moros). Earth (Terrast). Earth (Julosa).
Five squares away from Earth Prime, the worlds dropped the Earth title. They had names like Rothdara, Tuzolto or Laroba.
Michelle tucked a strand of hair behind one ear. "These are other worlds?"
"Looks like it."
"It's nice to know we're not the only ones," Michelle said. "I mean, somebody wrote this book."
Carda nodded. "Yeah. Rick gave me this book, and he has powers, too."
"Wow, Rick, too?"
Carda turned the page. Someone had written in neat cursive,
A chronostrider becomes the Strider of Chronos when the legacy passes to him. His powers burn in his core, but they are channeled by the mind. To control his magic, a mage must first control himself.
Michelle pointed. "Looks like you're screwed."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Mish."
It explained why his hands caught fire, though. He'd have to keep himself in line, which sounded as fun as walking through the desert barefoot.
Further reading described how a mage's power generated in his core and manifested in his hands. After a few tries, Carda called fire to his hands. It came and went on command.
"You know, I don't see anything about gravity mages in here." He flipped back and forth in the book. "I think you're a freak."
"A fun freak!" Michelle danced around the room, then paused, flushed and panting. "Can we go out to the garage? There's not enough room in here, and I'm afraid Mom will come check on us."
"Sure." Carda tucked the Manual under one arm. He stuck his head out in the hall, but there was no sign of their mother. The pair sneaked out into the garage.
Michelle began twirling in a circle, one arm curved over her head. The concrete floor cracked like a gunshot. 
She dropped to one knee. "Oh crap!"
Carda stared at the crack. It snaked all the way across the garage, as if she'd cracked the foundation. 
"What're you trying to do, knock the house down?"  He flipped through the Manual. "Maybe there's a way to fix it."
"Gosh, I hope so." Michelle leaned over his shoulder.
A few pages further on, Carda discovered a Basic Shield Spell.
Grab space in either hand, the instructions said. Cross your wrists quickly. This bends space enough to curve any assault around you.
Carda tried it with green fire in both hands. When he crossed his wrists, the garage creaked. But the air in front of him turned concave, like looking through a lens. 
"This is pretty cool! Throw something at me, Mish!"
Michelle picked up a bolt and tossed it at Carda. It bounced off the shield. He grinned.
"I want a shield power!" Michelle exclaimed. "Anything for fixing the floor?"
"Not yet." Humming, Carda flipped to another page titled Tips on summoning small objects.
To summon an object, first call the Emerald Flame to activate your grip on physical space. Picture clearly in your mind the object you wish to summon. Reach out through space, pick it up at arm's length, and pull it to you.
"Sounds easy enough." Carda ignited his hand, then reached toward the bolt on the floor. He nudged it twice before he scooped it up. "Hah!"
Michelle's eyes widened. "Could you summon money from the bank? Or, like, a battleship?"
"Pff, only if I could see it or knew where it was. Stealing money is still stealing. As for a battleship--why in the world would I do that? It'd be full of Navy dudes who'd kick my butt!"
Michelle opened the outer garage door and looked out. "How about that rock over there, across the street? The white one."
Carda reached through space toward it. His hand turned ghostly as it phased into the distance. He reached for the rock, but his fingers closed on something wriggling and alive. Carda jerked his hand away with a gasp.


Chapter 7
An animal popped into reality at their feet, a creature like a ferret, but with a bat face and ears.
It leaped at Carda's leg.
He kicked it across the garage. "This has got to be an alien! It's too ugly for Earth!"
"Not aliens!" Michelle fled up the wall to the ceiling.
The bat-ferret pursued her in sinuous loops. It, too, ran up the wall and across the ceiling. Michelle screamed and kicked at it, but it sank its teeth into her leg and hung on like a bulldog.
"Michelle! Come down, I can't reach you!" Wait, he still had his powers. Carda summoned green fire, reached through space and grabbed the bat-ferret's middle.
It released Michelle's leg and doubled up, snapping at his hand. Carda let go and it fell to the floor with a smack. 
Michelle knelt on the ceiling, whimpering and clutching her leg. Drops of blood spattered the garage floor.
The bat-ferret ran at Carda. He threw up his shield magic and the creature thumped into it. "Mish, any ideas?"
"Oh lovely, one of those," said a new voice.
Carda looked up. Xironi stood in the garage doorway, dressed in an Arizona Diamondbacks t-shirt, and of course her cat ears and tail. She glanced at Michelle on the ceiling, then tracked the bat-ferret.
The ferret charged at Xironi, teeth bared.
Xironi danced sideways and threw a handful of green fire at it. The ferret disappeared in mid-jump. "Any more of them?"
Carda shook his head. "No, just one. What was it?" He lowered his arms and the shield vanished.
Xironi frowned and her ears flattened. "It's called a xorocat, and they're mean little devils." She waved to Michelle. "Hi up there."
Michelle forced a smile and waved back. She limped down the wall to the floor and shook Xironi's hand. "I'm Michelle Chase."
Xironi stared at Michelle's leg. "It bit you?"
Carda and Michelle nodded.
"Xorocats are venomous."
"Venom?" Michelle's voice cracked. "Is there an antidote?"
"Yes, we've got some at my house." Xironi bit her lip, then she gave a tiny shrug. "Come on, I'll teleport us there. You need the antivenin as soon as possible." She grabbed their hands and pulled.
The world swirled in a blur of color, then solidified into a gravel yard in another neighborhood in Phoenix. A privacy fence ringed the yard, blocking out the rest of the neighborhood. The house looked ordinary enough, anyway--a low, white-shingled house with narrow windows, typical for the desert.
Michelle gasped and staggered. Carda put an arm around her shoulders. Blood ran down her leg into her shoe, soaking her sock with red. Poisoned by something from another world! Horror rose in Carda's chest and crawled into his throat. "Will she be okay?"
Xironi hurried to the house's front door, opened it and beckoned to them. "Depends on how quick we are. Hurry!"
Carda helped his sister limp across the yard and into the cool, dim house. Everything had been going great, too. He and his sister were learning powers together--and now this. "It's okay. You'll make it. Only a little further."
Michelle squeezed his arm in thanks.
They followed Xironi across a tiled entry, down a hallway and around a corner. 
Xironi flicked on a light and illuminated a bathroom the size of Carda's garage. It had a jacuzzi tub, a separate shower, two sinks and a mirror covering an entire wall.
Xironi opened a cabinet above the jacuzzi tub and rummaged among a collection of bottles, tail twitching.
Carda helped Michelle sit on the edge of the tub. He knelt and untied her shoe, pulled it off, and peeled off her sock. His stomach twisted--her foot was turning splotchy purple and swelling fast. What if Michelle died before Xironi found the antivenin? All because Carda had made a stupid mistake! Guilt joined the horror inside him.
"Aha." Xironi produced a white plastic box with blue labels. She opened it and pulled out a tiny syringe. "Carda, we have to wash the blood off first. I can't see the bite."
Under Xironi's instructions, Carda retrieved a washcloth and bathed Michelle's leg. She'd been bitten just above the ankle. The bite was four neat holes, with smaller pinpricks in between. 
He forced a smile. "Good thing I don't faint at the sight of blood."
Michelle's teeth were clenched, and tears streamed down her face. "It burns like acid!"
Xironi patted Michelle's shoulder. "You're very brave. Xorocats have a painful bite, but this should take care of it." She knelt and administered the antivenin with the sure movements of a trained nurse.
Within a few minutes, the swelling diminished. Michelle dried her eyes and drew a deep, shivering breath. "I never want to do that again."
Xironi laid the empty syringe on the counter. "Me neither. All right, time to spill. Where'd the xorocat come from?"
Carda washed his hands and dried them on a towel, pondering his answer. Best to shoot straight with the catgirl. "I was practicing summoning stuff. I reached across the street, but I grabbed that thing instead."
Xironi pulled adhesive tape and gauze from a cabinet, and bandaged Michelle's leg. "You must have done something wrong, but I have no idea what. Come on, Michelle, let's take you to the nexus room. You can lay on a sofa."
Carda looped his arm under Michelle's again, and Xironi supported her other arm. Xironi guided them out of the bathroom and down the hallway. It stretched into the distance, where daylight gleamed through a set of patio doors. 
As they walked, Carda counted three different staircases, all winding in different directions. "How big is this house?"
Xironi's cheek dimpled. "It's trans-finite. Grandpa's an arch-strider, and also a contractor. He's expanded the spaces in this house until we have about a hundred rooms. I'm always finding new ones."
They emerged in a room where four hallways intersected. Four marble pillars supported the ceiling. The square between them was furnished with four couches, all different, with a coffee table in each corner.
"That one." Michelle pointed to a blond sofa with immense overstuffed cushions. They lowered her onto it, and she sighed in bliss.
Carda stood in the middle of the nexus room and looked down each intersecting hallway. Three of them stretched away into the distance, slashed with light and shadows. The fourth was only ten feet long and ended in yellow-painted room with a refrigerator. The kitchen?
Xironi waved at Carda. "Sit down. Can I get you anything?"
"A soda might be nice." Carda sank onto a brown sofa. "This house is insane."
Xironi smiled and didn't answer. She vaulted over a sofa with impossible grace, tail whipping out for balance, and walked toward the kitchen.
Carda leaned toward Michelle and whispered, "I think she's really got a tail."
"Ask her when she comes back!"
A moment later Xironi returned with two bottles of Sprite. "Sorry, it's all we have."
Carda accepted his bottle, but didn't open it. Xironi sat down across from him, and curled her tail around her like a cat sitting. He nodded at it. "Is that a costume?"
Xironi ran her fingers down her tail to the tip. "Nope. It's real. I'm a Felician--a human with cat features."
The grid with the labeled worlds flashed through Carda's mind. He wanted to laugh, or run for his life--Xironi was an alien! But she'd saved Michelle's life. He was already indebted to her, and knew absolutely nothing about her. But how could he ask questions without offending her? He met Michelle's eyes and gave her a shocked look.
Xironi stared at him. When Carda noticed this, she looked down and laced her fingers together.
He cleared his throat. "So, turns out I'm the Strider of Chronos."
"I know!" Xironi exclaimed, then covered her mouth. "I mean--sorry. I'm really nervous."
She was nervous? Carda unscrewed the bottle's lid and took a drink. An alien cat-girl was nervous about the Strider of Chronos sitting in her living room. Nevermind how nervous he was about visiting a trans-finite house. Maybe they had more in common than they thought.
"Well, I'm kind of freaked out, too. I'm nobody special--just a guy who got landed with a truckload of powers. Then an alien critter bites my sister and a cat-girl shows up with the antidote. How'd you know to show up, anyway?"
Xironi held up one wrist to display her watch. "This is my Unrossi reader device. Grandpa's had me watching out for you ever since Illianna died. The Strider of Chronos is in danger during breakthrough."
"Yeah, like from crazy jerks like Rayne Mistral."
"Is that who sent you to Julosa?"
"Yeah."
What if Xironi tutored him? If her grandpa was an arch-strider, she'd probably know all kinds of stuff. Carda swallowed. "Um ... hey, do you think you could... you know, teach me stuff? I barely know how to use my powers--"
Xironi leaped to her feet, eyes shining. "Yes!" She flinched and shrank together, ears flattening. "I mean ... sorry, I get so excited. I'd be happy to teach you about space magic. But I can't help you with time magic. You'll have to find a chronomancer."
Michelle sat up. "What about me? Can you help me with my gravity powers?"
Xironi chewed a thumbnail. "Gravity mages are really rare. You might be in more danger than Carda if news gets out. You have to keep your powers secret."
"But they work when I dance!" Michelle exclaimed, indignant. "And I've got an interview down at the dance studio next week!"
Carda hadn't known that. "Dude, grats."
Michelle beamed at him, then returned her hurt look to Xironi.
Xironi's tail twitched around her ankles. "You'll have to hang out with us all the time, I guess. So we can protect you. But not now, because you've got to stay off that leg for a day. Can you manage that?"
Michelle smiled grimly. "I'll tell Mom it's a snakebite. She'll go nuts."
Xironi looked at Carda, blue eyes shining. "I can start tutoring you tomorrow, maybe. How about at the park in the afternoon? It'll be so hot, nobody will be there."
"Practice my powers while getting sunstroke! Perfect!" Carda couldn't hide his grin.




Chapter 8

Sunday morning. Carda went out to breakfast with his parents at the Cracker Barrel, where he sat under the frigid air conditioning and ate chicken-fried chicken.
Abigail had indeed freaked out about Michelle's 'snakebite', and when Michelle requested a Cracker Barrel breakfast in bed, Abigail had agreed. They ordered a take-out plate for her.
Afterward, Carda trailed his parents to the parking lot. A white Firebird lurked among the rows of cars, with Rayne's silhouette inside. 
What was Rayne doing here? Waiting for him to come within five feet of a car?
Carda leaned over his mother's shoulder. "Hey Mom, I'm gonna take the bus home, okay?"
His mother's eyes narrowed. "Why?"
He glanced around the restaurant's gift shop for an excuse, and spotted Indal Tay leaving the restaurant with two girls in his wake. "I want to talk to Indal."
Abigail followed Carda's gaze, and her expression melted. "Oh! Of course! Be home before five, all right?"
His father gave him an appraising glance before escorting his mother to the car. Carda shrugged it off. He was waiting to talk to someone, right?
He loitered beside the gift shop's window, concealed behind racks of children's clothes and lollipops. Minutes ticked by. Rayne didn't emerge from his car.
Despite the air conditioning, Carda's t-shirt shirt stuck to his back. He unbuttoned his collar and plucked his shirt to puff air over his skin.
Nearby laughter drew his attention. Indal and his female companions were examining a rack of vintage movies on DVD. Indal hadn't noticed Carda. He'd have been at home on the cover of a fashion magazine, from his jet-black hair to his designer sneakers.
Carda scowled at him. Indal, the guy his mother held up as a sterling example of all the perfect son should be--hard-working, polite, headed to college. And he drove a black Mercedes AMG. She never complained about his bizarre name, or the way Indal always had a flock of girls around him.
In the parking lot, the Firebird's door opened and Rayne climbed out, sweaty blond hair plastered to his head. He paced toward the restaurant, staring at Carda through the window. Not a friendly call. Carda clenched one fist.
Nearby, the girls waved goodbye and departed. Indal glanced around and saw Carda. 
His easy-going grin made Carda regret his dislike. "Hey there, Chase. Or is it Carda?"
Carda ground his teeth. "Just Carda."
"Waiting for somebody?" Indal followed his gaze to Rayne, and his smile vanished.  "Oh. Showdown, huh?"
Carda pushed open the gift shop's door without answering. He stepped onto the porch among rocking chairs and waiting customers. Bad place for a fight.
Rayne stepped onto the porch, and stood with his fists clenched at his sides. "Hello, Carda."
"Hey." Carda kept his voice low. "You know, Rayne, the other day on the freeway--"
Rayne yanked a black crystal out from under his shirt with the air of someone drawing a gun. Its center ignited with purple light.
Indal burst out the gift shop doors and whipped one arm toward the ceiling. Lightning flashed from his hand. "Not in front of civilians!" 
The world went still and silent, the other customers frozen with faces turned toward Rayne.
Rayne's hands blazed green. He slashed one hand in Carda's direction. 
Carda threw up his shield spell. The magic rebounded. Rayne staggered backward, mouth open in surprise.
Indal held his palms together, and purple lightning danced between them. "Carda, dude, I didn't know you were a strider!"
He curled a loop of lightning around Rayne like a lasso, and yanked. Rayne vanished.
Carda gaped. "What the holy freaking hell?"
Indal shook his arms and popped his neck. "I displaced him in time a few seconds. Why's he trying to kill you?"
Carda shrugged one shoulder. "No idea." Indal was a chronomancer, on top of the perfect grades and so forth. Of course he was.
Rayne reappeared, crystal gripped in one hand. He decked Indal with a blast of emerald flame. Indal smashed into the restaurant's brick wall.
As Indal slid to the ground, Rayne focused on Carda with vacant eyes.
Oh great. He'd turned into a magical zombie.
Carda thrust out one hand and unleashed a gout of green fire like a flamethrower. Rayne leaped backward. A nearby rocking chair smouldered and turned black. Carda clenched his fists, but the power refused to vanish. Too much adrenaline.
Rayne raised his crystal and strode toward Carda.
Indal scrambled between them, arms outstretched. "Guys, knock it off! There's too many people here!"
Rayne smiled and his crystal brightened.
A black spot appeared on Indal's neck. It burned down his torso, then his body split in half, as if Rayne had torn a hole straight through him. Indal's mouth opened in a silent scream.
Carda backed up several steps, heart beating a tattoo against his ribs. Now might be a good time to run for his life, or call 911 or something. But he couldn't abandon Indal.
Rayne stuck his arm through the hole inside Indal. He grabbed something and pulled it through. A creature's head and shoulders emerged from the hole, fangs snapping.
Carda shot a burst of green flame into Rayne's face. Unfortunately, the fire also engulfed Indal.
Rayne hit the sidewalk, clothes and hair smoldering. He blinked several times, looking from Carda to Indal. Then he jumped to his feet, fled to his Firebird, and peeled out of the parking lot.
Fire and lightning boiled out of Carda's hands and torched the pavement, but he didn't care. Indal was split in half. There was a monster mixed in there. And Carda had set them on fire. Crap. 
He clenched his hands together and drew a deep, calming breath. The first thing was to get a grip on his magic before he burned down the restaurant. He cast a wary glance around the porch, but the world was still frozen, people staring into space. 
The fire and lightning sank into his palms, and the medallion under his shirt grew warm. All the while, Indal's body burned like a pyre. Should he get a fire extinguisher, or try to put it out with his hands? But as Carda approached, the fire burned down and vanished, leaving Indal lying on his back, whole once more.
Time resumed. Traffic noise flowed over them. People moved and murmured on the porch, watching Indal and Carda.
Carda exhaled in relief. Maybe the hole through Indal had been an illusion. He looked at the shocked faces around him. To them, it'd been a second. "Don't worry, he tripped."
He felt Indal's neck for a pulse. Strong and fast.
Indal's eyes opened. "Is it bad?"
"You're not bleeding. I think you're okay." Carda jerked his head at the onlookers. "Get up, quick."
Indal climbed to his feet, rubbing his chest. He walked a short way into the parking lot, away from eavesdroppers. "I thought I was dead for sure. Did you see that creature?"
Carda sauntered after him, wary. "Yeah. Where'd it go?"
Indal flexed one hand and stared at it. "What happened to my magic?" He coaxed a flicker of purple lightning into being. As it danced over his hand, his fingers sprouted gray fur and dagger-like claws. Indal clenched his fist and his hand became human again.
Carda backed away several steps and bumped into a parked car. "Well, uh, hey. Great party trick."
"No!" Indal flexed his hands, then patted his chest up and down. "He opened a portal through me and pulled something through--but where'd the fire come from?" He looked at Carda, eyes wide.
Carda writhed inwardly. He'd hurt Michelle with his power, and now Indal. "That was me. I was trying to chase off Rayne." His jaw clamped shut before he admitted he'd burned Indal, too.
"Oh." Indal ran his fingers through his black hair, making it stand on end. "Thanks, I guess. So, you're a Strider, too?"
Carda nodded. Bad enough admitting he'd hurt Indal without adding the Strider of Chronos bit. "Broke through this week. You're a Chronomancer?"
Indal nodded. "Been working time magic about three years. I know I've told people I'm going to the University of Phoenix, but really I'm at the Institute of Chronomancy. Are you at the Strider Academy?"
"Uh, no." Heat crept up Carda's neck. "Sun Valley High for me."
"Yeah," Indal said, nodding too much. "You said you just broke through. Right." Lightning flickered across his hands, and again the monster claws appeared. 
But this time Indal sank backward, and the rest of the monster surged forward and replaced Indal's human body. A shaggy wolf-like beast stood there in Indal's clothes, with long, muscular arms and crooked legs. It fixed yellow eyes on Carda and snarled.
Carda ran backward on his toes. "Holy crap!"
The wolf dropped to all fours and sprang at him.
Carda caught the beast's outstretched forearms and held it at arm's length. Its muscles strained against his. Dog breath fanned his face. What should he do now? He didn't even have a car to run to!
Magic licked out of his hands.
The wolf faded backward, the muzzle shrinking into Indal's face. Carda now gripped Indal's arms, fire and lightning dancing over them.
Carda released him. Relief made his legs wobbly and sweat trickled down his face. "Dude, you turned into a werewolf and went for me!"
Indal sank down on the asphalt and held his head in both hands. "I know! I'm so sorry! I couldn't stop it! How'd you shift me back?"
Carda extended his hands.
Indal gazed at the fire and lightning. "Oh. You're a ... a chronostrider."
"Strider of Chronos, actually." He couldn't say it without coming off as bragging.
"Strider of Chronos. Maybe you can fix me up?"
Fix a spell Carda wasn't sure existed in the first place? "I've only had powers, like, two days. I'm still learning this stuff."
Indal rose to his feet and wiped his hands on his pants, leaving damp streaks. "I need to talk to the other chronomancers. Maybe they can help. I'll be in touch." He ran for his car.
Carda paced around the parking lot, heart hammering. Calm down. Think it through. Rayne attacked Carda, and Indal got in the way. Rayne's eyes went all funky and his crystal glowed. It must be a powerful artifact. Maybe the Manual talked about artifacts. Not to mention combination spells involving space power. Lots and lots of space power.
If Indal hadn't jumped in the way, Carda would have the monster inside him.
These powers were freaking dangerous! Disneyland faded into something much more sinister. Self-control. No more flamethrowers.
Carda owed Indal a favor now. Big time.


Chapter 9


Rayne sat on the bed in his dorm room, gazing at the dark crystal in his hands.
Its ultraviolet light made the pattern on his blanket glow hot purple. Rayne rubbed his fingers over it. The image of the chronomancer split by a portal burned in his memory.
"I spliced him," whispered Rayne to the crystal. "I don't even know how to do that."
"But I do," whispered the crystal. "Why kill a random mage when you can ruin his life instead?"
"You were supposed to help me kill Carda, not that other guy! What are you, stupid?"
Inferna's voice turned low and deadly, and the crystal grew hot. "I have my own reasons. Insult me again and I'll rot your flesh from the inside."
"I'm sorry!" Rayne dropped the burning crystal. Wisps of smoke curled from his bedspread, and he lifted the crystal again. It cooled in his fingers. Trying to speak respectfully, he said, "But now they'll report me to the Council! What if I get sentenced to Spaghettification?"
Inferna's voice purred like a satisfied cat's. "As long as you carry my pledgestone, no one can harm you."
A knock at the door.
"Except Demetrius. Perhaps you should flee."
Rayne's adrenaline surged. He leaped to his feet and opened a tiny peephole in midair. Demetrius stood outside the door, jaw clenched. Their eyes met, then Demetrius saw the pledgestone in Rayne's hand. Red magic blazed to life in his hands.
Rayne gripped the pledgestone in one hand while he grabbed distant space in the other. He teleported as Demetrius kicked open the door.
The world rearranged itself into a rocky hillside sprinkled with rabbit brush. Hot summer air filled Rayne's nostrils as he spun in a circle. "Where am I?"
"South Mountain," said Inferna through the crystal. "I like South Mountain."
"Demetrius knows I took the pledgestone. He'll track me!"
"No, he won't. The pledgestone makes you untraceable by all magical methods. Demetrius and I used it for years, and we had many reasons for disappearing from prying eyes."
Rayne sat on a rock and rubbed his forehead. "Inferna, I spliced a guy, and the top teacher in the Strider Academy is after me. I still haven't killed the Strider of Chronos. What do I do?"
The angelus was silent a moment. When she spoke again, her voice was deep and sultry. "You might consider freeing me."
Rayne looked down at the crystal. "Then you could kill the Strider of Chronos for me! Should I open a portal for you?"
"You can try," Inferna said with a smile in her voice. "But it must be a large portal because it must encompass my chains. Don't do it here. We're too close to the major ley node."
"Right." Ley nodes pulled magic spells out of shape. There was a nice park in Mesa nobody ever used. Perfect for opening a portal for an imprisoned angel. Rayne reached through space and teleported.

***

Carda burst into the house and ran down the hall to his room. His mother's voice followed him. "Carda? There's sandwiches in the fridge."
"Okay, Mom! Doing some research!" Carda closed his bedroom door, and grabbed the Manual from its hiding place under his bed. What sort of spell would force a human and a monster to occupy the same physical space?
He turned five hundred pages and never reached the end of the Manual. More pages appeared on the right-hand side. How long was this book, anyway? 
A listing of crimes and their punishments caught his eye. Timeline alteration. Theft of organs via teleportation. Metavisioning--constant viewing of the timelines. The punishments ranged from 'death' to 'subspace prison' to 'spaghettification.', which was dumping a person down a black hole.
He started over at the beginning. After fifty pages he found 'spatial splicing', the punishment being death by torture. No other notes. Carda closed the Manual with a sigh. He might search for years and never find out what happened to Indal. Why hadn't anybody put an index in the dang book?
on his way to the kitchen, he drew deep, calming breaths. He opened the fridge and stared at his plastic-wrapped sandwich. Between watching Indal split in half , and his long, hot bus ride home, food had lost its appeal. Good thing he was meeting Xironi this afternoon, because he seriously needed to talk to somebody.
He stuck his head in Michelle's room. "Hey."
Michelle looked up from her bed, where she was surrounded by books, art supplies, and CDs. Her bandaged leg was propped on a pillow like a trophy.
Carda nodded at it. "How're you feeling?"
"Fine, thanks. Since when do you ride the bus?"
"Since Rayne Mistral attacked me at the Cracker Barrel."
"You're kidding!"
Carda shook his head. "Indal Tay was there, and Rayne messed him up. I'm going to meet with Xironi and ask her about it."
Michelle's eyebrows furrowed. "Oh man, poor guy! Was he alive?"
"Yeah. It's hard to explain what happened. I'll be back for dinner, if Mom asks."
"You'd better come back alive."
That was looking more difficult every time he left the house. "I'll try."


Chapter 10

Carda drove to the park and snagged a parking spot in the shade. The heat had driven off any visitors, and the place was deserted. No sign of Xironi's green Beetle, so Carda resigned himself to wait.
A thin, shifty blond guy walked into the park. Argh, he needed the place deserted! Maybe the guy would leave.
Wait a minute. It was Rayne.
Carda slouched in his seat and watched in the rear view mirror. He couldn't face another fight with Rayne and his crystal. One near-death experience was enough for today, thanks.
Rayne walked into the middle of the park's grassy area and launched flames in the air. They hung ten feet from the ground, a barely visible shimmer in the sunlight. Rayne walked in a circle, firing green flares every few steps.
Carda clenched his teeth. Rayne deserved a pounding after what he'd done to Indal. What if he screwed up Rayne's spell? He called green flame to one hand, and reached through space toward the nearest flare.
His fingers closed on burning heat. Carda yanked his hand away, dislodging the flare. In the distance it sent up a puff of smoke and fell to the grass. Rayne ran back to it and stomped it out. The other flares sent up unhealthy black smoke.
Carda nursed his burned hand, but the pain couldn't wipe away his grin. Oh, the havoc he could cause with this one power. He reached through space again and batted two more flares out of the air.
This time Rayne spun in a circle, scanning the park. He spotted Carda's red Miata and his mouth twisted.
Whoops. The party was over.
Carda stepped out of his car, fingers curled around handfuls of fire and lightning."'Sup, Rayne?"
"Carda," Rayne said through his teeth. "I should have known." He grabbed space with both hands and whipped it up and down, as if shaking a rug.
The world tilted sideways, and the Miata rocked on two wheels. Carda fell and smashed his elbow into the asphalt. That'd leave a mark. 
The sky and ground settled back into their proper places, and the Miata slammed to the ground, bouncing on its suspension. Rayne stalked toward Carda, head down, hands trailing green sparks.
Carda scrambled to his feet, grabbed space with his hands blazing purple and green, and shook it the way Rayne had done.
Unfortunately, Carda shook time and space. Rayne yelled and faded into nothing. A stone block the size of a bulldozer appeared in midair and dropped on the playground equipment, crushing it like a soda can. Three trees toppled to the ground. In the distance a building vanished.
Carda clenched his fists and stared, mouth open.
"What in the world have you done now?" Xironi stood beside his car, hands on her hips, ears pointed and tail twitching.
"Oh, Xironi!" Embarrassment shriveled Carda's insides. "Yeah, Rayne attacked me, and I tried to fight back. That was all."
The catgirl pointed at the crunched playground equipment. "So you tore a damage path through Mesa?"
"No! I mean, I didn't mean to!" Rats, she'd put him on the defensive. His lack of self-control had struck again. "I was waiting for you and I got bored."
Xironi's ears flattened as her eyes narrowed. "You'd better explain what you did."
Carda described how Rayne had merged Indal with a monster, naming no names. Xironi listened with her head bowed. 
He concluded with, "Any advice?"
"Not really. Splicing can't be fixed very easily. It's a shame that he saved you, because now you're indebted to him."
"Why is it a shame?"
Xironi's ears swiveled backward in feline pique. "Oh, striders and chronomancers don't get along."
Carda pointed at the crushed playground. "Can that be fixed?"
"Yes, fortunately." Xironi walked toward it, tail curling left and right. "How did you pull this off?"
He mimed shaking a rug. "But with my powers."
Her eyes flashed, and her tail lashed her legs. "That's called a reality wave, and it's commonly used in mass demolition! Did you read the Manual?"
"Some of it." You're cute when you're mad rolled through his head, and his face threatened to crack into laughter.
Xironi glared. "Don't you dare laugh at me."
"I'm totally serious!" Carda wiped his mouth with two fingers to force his lips to behave. "Rayne was caught in the wave. You think he's still alive?"
Xironi nodded. "Reality waves displace, not kill. He's probably standing on a nearby world, wondering what happened--and since you used time magic, he's probably in yesterday or tomorrow."
Yikes. Carda really could knock someone into next week. He motioned to the crushed playground. "How about that?"
She shot him a dirty look. "We have to repair each object in the damage path. You'd better be up to this, because you're doing all the work."
It wasn't too difficult, though. She showed him how to push the stone block back through space to its home world. Then he pulled the play equipment's space until the it stood up again, somewhat bent.
They repaired trees, broken signs, and pulled a missing office building back into reality. Fortunately it had jumped to a similar world near Earth, and nobody inside it had noticed the change.
The damage path weakened the further they tracked it, until it was only small things like a swath of flaking plaster on a storefront, or a new car with a rusted front end.
Carda wiped a trickle of sweat from his forehead. "Looks like we're done."
Xironi grabbed his arm. "Maybe not. Look!"
They stood on the sidewalk beside an alley between two office buildings. A black creature crawled down the alley toward them. Carda backed away a step. "What is that, some kind of monster?"
Xironi squinted and held out one arm with her wristwatch. "Looks like a reptile to me."
It was a black lizard, with a house-cat-sized body and a long tail, and flicked a yellow tongue as it walked. It hesitated and looked at them with one yellow eye. Then it sprinted toward Carda. He gasped and danced backward.
The lizard halted on the sidewalk and sat up on its hind legs like a squirrel. "Shiny!" it trilled.
"Xironi! What is this thing?"
Xironi's watch beeped. "Oh! It's a time elemental."
The lizard eyed her watch. "Shiny!"
"What's a time elemental?"
"Don't ask me," Xironi said. "Time isn't my forte." She held out her watch. "This will translate him for us.
The lizard understood and chirped like a canary. 
Xironi read, "Ben not hurt anyone. Ben glad to get away from bad storm. Ben caught in wave, ride wave to this world. Ben like nice humans. Ben not eat them. Ben like shiny things. You have lots of shiny things. Ben please have?"
The lizard looked at Carda and flicked out his tongue.
Carda dug into his pants pocket where he'd stashed half a bag of Skittles. He pulled out a red one and tossed it to the lizard.
Ben caught the candy in his mouth and dropped it into his forepaws. He turned it over and over, whispering, "Shiny." Then he licked it up and swallowed it. He ran to Carda's feet and laid a paw on Carda's shoe. Carda cringed. 
Ben chattered something, and Xironi translated, "Ben stay with nice mage? Ben like nice mage. Nice mage stop bad storm."
"The only reptiles I like are giant fictional ones that stomp Tokyo. Emphasis on fictional."
The lizard didn't move. Carda nudged him aside with his shoe. Maybe if he ignored him, Ben would go away. "Let's get out of the heat."
"Fine with me." Xironi's tail shivered.
They walked back the way they had come, and Ben scurried at their heels, claws clicking on the pavement.
"Looks like you have a new pet."
Carda looked over his shoulder. "I'd rather have a cat. Soft. Cute. Non-speaking."
"Shiny," Ben said.


Chapter 11

Rayne landed on his back so hard it knocked the wind out of him. He coughed, rolled over and scrambled to his feet. Phoenix's buildings towered up all around, but they looked wrong. The park had been replaced by a fast food joint. The cars had the boxy look popular in the 1980s.
"Inferna, did he send me back in time?"
"Slightly, dear," Inferna said through the crystal. "He displaced you to Moros, the previous day."
"Oh! Right." Moros was only one world distant from Earth. Getting back would be no problem--then he'd hide out for a day and rest. 
Rayne called fire to his free hand, but it wavered and went out. A creeping fatigue settled on him. "Aw hell," he muttered. "I've got magic exhaustion." He stepped into the shade of a nearby mesquite tree and raked a hand through his sweaty hair. "Now what do I do?"
"There are many ways to recharge your magic quickly," Inferna said.
"Can you help me with that? Like share your magic with me?"
Inferna's seductive tone sent shivers through him. "Little Rayne, as much as you amuse me, you are not ready for such things yet. All you need is someone's life force and your exhaustion will vanish."
"Oh." Rayne sighed. "I'm not strong enough to kill anyone."
"You don't have to kill someone to take their life force. Only take a little."
Rayne set off down the sidewalk, looking for someone with lots of life. The summer sun burned down on Moros's Phoenix, and there were few pedestrians. He turned the corner of the fast food joint where a homeless man rummaged through a dumpster. Perfect.
"You have to help me with this," Rayne whispered to Inferna. "I've never worked this spell."
"As you wish."
Why did she sound so hungry all of a sudden?
Rayne pushed past his fatigue and summoned his green fire. It flickered and threatened to sink back into his palm. He wove it between his fingers as he picked his way toward the homeless man. "Hey, can I talk to you for a minute?"
The man gave Rayne a sideways look. "I'm done, I'm done."
"No, it's about something else." Rayne flicked his spell at the man. The pledgestone's magic directed it into a spiral from Rayne's hand to the man'a chest.
"Hey! What's this?" exclaimed the man, brushing at the spell. Then he gagged and slumped to the ground.
The spell faded away, and so did Rayne's fatigue. "Sorry, mister." 
The man didn't move. Rayne cast a suspicious look at the pledgestone. "Inferna, is he dead?"
"Yes, of course," Inferna said. "Vermin don't deserve life."
Rayne backed away and bumped into the dumpster. "You killed him! Now the Council will be after me!"
Inferna sounded amused. "Leave Moros and no one will ever find you."
Rayne flung his magic at the wall, opened a portal to Earth, and leaped through as if the Iron Seekers were on his trail.

***

Xironi escorted Carda back to his car with Ben the lizard pattering behind them.
"Thanks for the help," Carda said. "I didn't realize how much I don't know, you know?"
"I know," Xironi said with a laugh. "Tell you what. I'll check on you tomorrow at lunch, if you can stay out of trouble that long."
"That'd be great. Somebody's tried to kill me every day since my powers showed up!"
Xironi's smile vanished. She bowed her head and tugged at a strand of hair. "That's true. Be careful, okay? Really, really careful."
Her concern touched him. "Can I drive you home?"
"No thanks. Teleporting is faster. Bye!" Xironi disappeared in a green sparkle.
Carda stared at the spot where she had been. Aw man. If only he'd asked for her phone number. He opened the car door and climbed into its baking interior. 
Ben appeared in the passenger seat. "Shiny!"
"Oh. Going home with me, I see." Carda shoved open the passenger door. "Get out of here, lizard."
Ben sat on the seat and gave him a hurt look. "Shiny."
"Oh, have it your way." Carda slammed the door.
The lizard rode shotgun, paws pressed to the window, flicking his tongue and exclaiming, "Shiny!"
As they pulled into the driveway at home, Carda said, "Now look. My folks will flip out if they see you. You'd better only come out when I'm alone. Got it?"
"Shiny," Ben replied, and vanished.
Carda walked into the cool, air-conditioned house with a deep sigh. How did someone explain discretion to a sentient lizard?
"Carda?" his mother called from the kitchen.
He poked his head in. "Yeah?"
"Someone called." His mother put one hand on her hip and stared at him.
When she said nothing else, Carda asked, "Who called?"
His mother plucked a scrap of paper off the counter and held it out. Carda took it.
"Will Mr. Carda Chase please call me at his earliest convenience? Emergency situation. Dr. Semaeri." A phone number followed.
It must be a Strider of Chronos thing. Carda met his mother's wide eyes. "Uh, it's one of my English teachers. School stuff."
"What's this 'emergency situation'? Are you in some kind of trouble? I almost called your father, but then you got home--"
Carda pulled out his cell phone. "I don't know what's going on. Let me call him and find out." He bounded down the hall to his room and closed the door.
On his bed, Ben sat up on his hind legs. "Shiny!"
"This had better not be about you." Carda dialed the number.

***

Xironi sat on a sofa across from her grandfather, elbows on her knees. "Then a time elemental came walking up. It took an instant liking to Carda."
"A time elemental?" Harthur lay in a recliner across from the sofa, feet propped up, with a cold beer in one hand. He was a heavy-set man with a tiger-like face and hands, complete with flat nose and black lips. An orange and white beard fringed his jaw. "Why would a reality wave spell bring along a time elemental?"
"I don't know," Xironi said. "He mentioned a storm. It gave me the creeps."
"Did he mean the Storm? Do you remember his exact words?"
"Something about 'nice mage stop bad storm'."
"Hmm." Harthur rubbed his chin. "After the Storm destroyed Felixia, I've kept an eye out for the signs here on Earth. I wonder if it's finally happening. Help Carda all you can--the Council are divided over him and they won't do anything."
"Rick gave him the Manual."
Harthur sighed. "He told me."
Xironi looked at her watch and pressed buttons, ears pointed. Her emotions were all tangled like a mass of yarn. Carda was the Strider of Chronos--and he was so cute! She had to stay objective. Teach him magic so he didn't generate accidental reality waves. Or summon poisonous creatures.
She ran across a forgotten entry in her watch. "Carda's sister is a gravity mage."
Harthur's yellow eyes widened. "You're sure?"
"Yes. She broke through a while ago, and she's been keeping it secret. She's really strong."
"Better watch over her, too. What a pair--a gravity mage and the Strider of Chronos." He chuckled and shook his head. "I thought Rick and I caused trouble." His smile vanished and he sighed. "I'd better find out if the Storm is manifesting in Earth's timeline now. Xironi love, I might have to send you off-world."
Xironi's tail shivered. Deep in her primal memory she heard screams, felt wind rip at her hair, and glimpsed lightning like blinding cracks in reality. "All right, Grandpa." Then she regretted saying it. What would happen to Carda if the Storm took Earth?
Harthur sipped his beer. "Didn't you mention another problem earlier?"
Xironi laced her fingers together and related the story of the chronomancer who was spliced while defending Carda. "Can that sort of thing be fixed?"
"Only by a Strider of Chronos. A very experienced one."
"Oh." Xironi met Harthur's eyes. "I know I dropped out of the Strider Academy, but I'm still pretty good. Do you think I could help?"
Harthur leaned forward and rested a heavy paw-like hand on her shoulder. "Xironi, never be ashamed of leaving school. You've seen what it's become with Demetrius there."
Xironi bowed her head. "I know. But it's humiliating to be a drop-out. Couldn't the Council have kept him from joining?"
"The Council gave him the position," Harthur growled. "Demetrius had passed a parole threshold and they wanted him somewhere they could watch him. But the dog returned to his vomit." Harthur stood and scratched his chest. "I have a few trinkets lying around that might help a spliced person, come to think of it." He padded down a hallway.
Xironi cycled through the readings on her watch again. Carda: high ratings in time and space. Michelle: a spike in gravity. They'd make a great team if Michelle stopped languishing in her brother's shadow.
Metal jingled in a back room. A moment later Harthur reappeared, carrying a small plastic box. "I found a pair of handcuffs I made back in school."
Xironi took the box and opened it. It looked like an ordinary pair of handcuffs. But when she picked them up, spatial spells hummed in the metal itself. "Wow, nicely done."
Harthur nodded. "They'll hold a person in our dimension so powerfully, they'll rip their own arms off before they'll shift. Not comfortable, but it gets the job done."
Xironi snapped the box shut. Why did her heart pound so hard at the excuse to see Carda again? "Thanks, Grandpa. I'll pass this on to Carda next time I see him."
Harthur must have noticed the flush creeping into her cheeks, because he shook a finger at her. "Don't go getting ideas about dating, now. Striders of Chronos are historically short-lived, and with what he's up against, he may not last out the week."


Chapter 12

"So he's a werewolf," Carda said into his phone. His mother had better not be listening at the door.
"Not exactly," Dr. Semaeri said on the other end of the line. "Indal won't transform at the full moon, but using time magic does force his transformation. We think it's because he was working a spell when the splice sequence was initiated."
"So what am I supposed to do?" Carda frowned at Ben. The lizard frolicked about his room, investigating every shiny surface.
"I know you're new at this. There won't be a lot you can do at first, but I think you can stabilize him. Help him control the transformation."
"Speaking of which," Carda said as Ben pounced his shoe and bit his shoelaces, "what do you know about time elementals?"
"They're rare. Why?"
"Because one showed up today and--get off!--he's decided I'm his new best friend."
"Let me guess. Black lizard who goes by Ben?"
"How'd you know?"
"Ben adores Striders of Chronos. He annoyed Rick and Illianna, and now he's annoying you. He can be useful, though. Treat him kindly."
"Right, thanks." Carda sat on his bed and pulled up his feet. Ben flicked his tongue at him. "Seriously, Dr. Semaeri, this is a lame situation. I have to get a job this summer, and having to do this whole magic thing on the side--"
"Oh, didn't anybody tell you?" Dr. Semaeri said. "The Strider of Chronos is a full-time job, complete with monthly paycheck from the Chronostrider Council."
Carda stared at the wall as a grin spread across his face. "Really? I get paid?"
"You'd have to ask Rick for more details. I'm only a lowly chronomancer. Anyway, Indal should be over there for a visit tomorrow afternoon."
"Hooray. Thanks for the heads up. Bye."
Carda whipped his phone out of Ben's reach. "Treat you kindly, eh? I guess I have to stock up on shiny things." 
He slumped on his bed as Ben wriggled underneath it. At least Ben wasn't such a bad pet.
No, the main problem was Indal being a werewolf. Carda again felt the wolf's iron-hard muscles, its rough fur, and smelled its odor. And he was supposed to interact with Indal without getting disemboweled.
Although he'd helped make Indal into a werewolf. So it was his own stupid fault.
Carda pulled the Manual out from under his bed and paged through it. He'd better find some stabilization spells.
Besides, if he survived this, there was a paycheck in the works.

***

Early the next morning, something poked Carda's chest. He opened his eyes. A black, reptilian face hovered inches from his nose.
"Gah!" Carda writhed backward. "Ben!"
The lizard lay on his bed with his tail hanging over the side. "Shiny!"
Carda kicked off the blankets. "Yeah, I'm awake now. If you get me in trouble, you're never getting another shiny thing."
In the bathroom, Ben waited for him on the toilet lid. Carda closed the bathroom door, growled at Ben, then attended to his morning grooming.
Today he had finals, then an afternoon with Indal. It ought to make his mother happy. What would she do if she found out Indal was a werewolf? Carda chuckled at his shaving-creamed reflection. Run away screaming, probably.
Ben had disappeared when Carda stepped out of the shower. Good riddance. He dressed and went in the kitchen for breakfast. He was munching his way through a bowl of cereal when his mother stuck her head in. "Carda?"
"Morning, Mom," Carda said with his mouth full.
Abigail walked into the kitchen and held up an opened envelope. "Your grades arrived."
Carda winced.
His mother reached into the envelope and pulled out a sheet of paper. She tossed it at Carda as if the paper was a live snake. "Care to explain all those B's? And C's, even! Only one A!"
"Mom, these are really tough classes." Carda glanced at the report card. "And I failed the last final, due to a fire drill."
Her eyes widened. "That is not the point, Carda James Chase! You refuse to apply yourself--"
"I don't need to, as much as you push me." Carda crammed the last of his cereal in his mouth.
His mother swelled. "You waste your time and energy playing with toys, Carda! Think of your future! When your father left this morning, he told me--"
Her words died away in a gasp. Carda looked over his shoulder. In the living room, Ben peeked out from behind the sofa, eyes wide at the raised voices.
"What is that?" Abigail screamed in a whisper.
Carda winced again. "It's...an iguana."
"I have seen iguanas!" his mother shrieked. "That is not an iguana!"
Ben jumped up on the sofa, sat up on his hind legs and said in his most appealing tone, "Shiny?"

***

"That's when it all went downhill."
Carda sat across from Michelle in a burger joint at lunch. He cradled his head in both hands. Fighting with his mother always gave him a headache.
Michelle tickled Ben's head with the end of her braid. "I think he's sweet. What'd Mom do?"
"She demanded to know where he came from. I told her he was a genetically modified lizard from school, and I'd volunteered to take care of him over the summer." Not one of his better stories.
Michelle nodded. "You should've told her that he's a time elemental. She might have believed that."
Carda ate a french fry. "At least you're taking this calmly."
Michelle gave him a long look. "I've been hiding my own powers for so long, it's a relief to have it all come out. I feel like I belong to our family again."
"Of course you do," said a voice.
Xironi walked toward them, wearing a long green skirt to hide her tail. But she wore hoop earrings in her cat ears. "Mind if I join you?"
"Not at all! Sit down! We were talking about, you know, important stuff." Why did the stupidest crap fall out of his mouth whenever he saw Xironi? Maybe if he changed the subject. "Does anybody ever notice your ears?"
Xironi slid into the bench beside Michelle. "I'm careful not to move them in public. Sometimes I wear a hat." She looked at Michelle. "How're you adjusting?"
Michelle rocked one hand from side to side. "I don't have all the Strider of Chronos expectations on me, but I wish somebody would train me. I'm winging it."
Xironi nodded. "Before I came out, I looked up known gravity mages. There's two. One's an arch-geomancer on Tyrona and the other is a starbreaker for the Council."
"A what?" Michelle's eyes widened.
Carda leaned forward. "A what?"
"Stars don't go nova by themselves, you know. The Council's always harnessing star energy for various projects. Michelle, someday, you might make more money than Carda does."
Michelle beamed.
"Also." Xironi produced a plastic box out of nowhere and slid it across the table to Carda. "These should help out your chronomancer friend."
Carda opened it. A pair of handcuffs gleamed in a bed of foam rubber. "What, am I supposed to arrest him?"
Xironi glanced around for eavesdroppers. "No, they're spatial cuffs. He can't shift across the splice as long as he's wearing them."
"Oh! I get it." Carda snapped the box shut and dropped it into his backpack. "Excellent. I had no idea what spell might help him out. I've been afraid he'd maul me."
Xironi winced. "He still might. How long have you known him?"
Carda shrugged. "A couple of years--our moms go to the same book club. I never talked to him much. His name's Indal."
"Indalrion Tay?" Xironi said, ears swiveling forward. "Dark hair, good looking?"
Carda tried not to grind his teeth. "That's the one. You know him?"
"We grew up on the same street." Xironi smiled and gazed into the distance. "We lost touch when he moved away. He's the only chronomancer I ever got along with. And he's the one who got spliced?"
"Yeah, too bad, huh?" The burger suddenly tasted like cardboard.
"Mom thinks Indal is great," Michelle said.
Xironi gazed at the table a long moment, and drummed her fingernails on its surface. Nervous? Upset? Carda couldn't read her. "Well, be careful when you work with him. Spliced people can be unstable. Please repair him." She checked her watch. "Rats, I need to go."
Carda deflated like a punctured balloon. "Already?"
Xironi rose and shot him a smile that made his heart miss a beat. "Don't worry, I'll be around. See you!" She walked out of the restaurant, leaving Carda and Michelle alone.
What a letdown. Carda picked up his cold burger and crammed half of it in his mouth.
Michelle leaned both elbows on the table. "I could be a starbreaker! This is so awesome!"
Carda swallowed. "Sure, unless you're like me and wind up as a mucky-muck."
"Yeah," Michelle said. "I don't envy you."
"Yeah, especially since all I have to look forward to today is meeting with Indal."
"You think you can repair him?"
"I'll try," Carda said. "As long as he doesn't wolf out and rip my head off."


Chapter 13

When Carda arrived home after school, a black Mercedes sat at the curb in front of the house. The monster had arrived.
He'd spent the morning practicing spells in a deserted corner of the park. An arsenal of techniques filled his brain, and hopefully they'd be enough.
Indal and Abigail sat in the living room with glasses of iced tea, making polite conversation. Somehow Indal made cargo shorts and a polo shirt look like a business suit, and his black hair was perfect. 
He rose as Carda entered. "Hello, Carda. Nice to see you again."
Carda glanced at his mother's doting smile. "Same here." 
They shook hands. Indal's grip was too firm. Angry? Or uneasy?
"Indal was telling me about his history studies," Abigail said, smiling.
"Carda asked me to tutor him. I thought we'd start today, seeing as summer vacation's just started."
"Oh good. Heaven knows he could use the help." Abigail gave Carda a poisonous look that promised further grade-related flogging. Indal and Carda walked down the hall to Carda's room and closed the door behind them.
Indal pulled out the desk chair and flopped in it, pushing his black hair off his forehead and disturbing his hairdo. "Phew! She was giving me the third degree in there." He swiveled the chair and faced the model display case. "Wow, you've got quite the collection."
Carda jammed his hands in his pockets. "Keeps me off the streets." A mixture of guilt, apprehension and dislike churned inside him. If only his mother didn't worship Indal. Carda might have liked the guy otherwise. Should he confess to fusing Indal with the wolf now, or wait until later?
Indal gazed at the models. "I have the '58 Mustang, too. Hey, is that an RC car?"
"Yep. The MX--a scale speed of three hundred miles per hour. You're tutoring me?"
Indal faced Carda and rested his elbows on his knees. "Easy excuse. Has anybody told you what that guy did to me?"
"His name is Rayne, and yeah. You've got time and space people stumped, and it may be my newbie state, but I think that's bad."
Indal shook his head. "Everyone's at a loss. Any magical contact makes me transform. I don't see how you're going to work on me."
Carda dug into his backpack and pulled out the handcuffs case. "My friend Xironi gave me these."
"Xironi Heartlight? The Felician?" Indal looked up with a flicker in his eyes.
"Yes." This was not a good sign.
"They're probably enchanted," Indal said with an admiring smile. "Xironi knows her stuff."
"Actually, her grandfather made them."
"Harthur? Oh wow."
Carda had a distinct third wheel sensation. "Let's go someplace where nobody will see us. I don't want a werewolf loose in my house."
"There's that old riverbed near the Beeline highway. Nothing out there but cacti."
The Beeline highway lay north of Mesa and Scottsdale, alongside the dry riverbed. 
Carda nodded. "Let me try teleporting. Will that make you go wolf?"
"I don't know. And it's called a garwaf." Indal snapped on the handcuffs with a resigned sigh.
Carda stuck the key in his pocket. Magic flickered in his palms. He had better control his emotions if he wanted to pull this off. He stuck his right hand with its time-lightning into his pocket, and grabbed the medallion, which he'd attached to his keychain. The medallion warmed as it absorbed the excess.
Teleports had been one of the spells he'd practiced in the park. He laid a hand on Indal's shoulder, and reached out with his left hand ablaze with green light. He focused on a mental image of the riverbed.
The first teleport landed them in someone's front yard. Carda reached again, picturing the red-brown, gravel hillside and green creosote bushes.
The world shifted and the pair landed on the side of a hill. Carda staggered and caught his balance. "That was cool!"
Indal couldn't balance with his hands cuffed, and fell on his rear. "Ow."
Carda helped him up. The hillside and dry riverbed reflected heat, and the sun beat down on their heads. Sweat dampened their faces.
Indal held up his cuffed hands and summoned arcs of lightning. "Looks like my magic works as long as these cuffs are on."
"Better take them off, then. Seeing as the point of this is to deal with the wolf." Carda unlocked the handcuffs and stuck them in his pocket. So this was how cops felt.
Indal's shoulders slumped. "Any idea what you're going to do?"
"A few." Carda had studied these spells harder than he'd ever studied English.
Indal tried to call lightning to his hands again. His hands expanded into claws. Gray fur sprouted from his arms, and his face stretched into a gray and white muzzle with long fangs. His body expanded, stretching his shirt and pants tight. He shook his head, dog-like, and turned wild yellow eyes on Carda.
The magic surged against Carda, and green fire flickered in his hands in response. Indal was tangled in the stuff. "Indal, are you in there?"
The garwaf blinked at him. It took two unsteady steps and dropped to all fours, where it walked in a circle. It whined.
"All right, I can tell it's you. You suck at being a werewolf."
The wolf growled.
Time for the test. Carda waved his green fire over the wolf's head in spirals and added four lightning spikes. The magic settled around Indal like spiderweb. So far, so good. Carda threaded a finger through the spirals and--
The world twisted.
Carda landed on his back with a grunt, and stared at a loop of green sky. He climbed to his feet to find the dry riverbed was not only full of water, but lined with trees and lush vegetation. 
Indal reared up on his hind legs and sniffed. Then he pointed with one paw and made a yelping noise.
"Yeah, I know it shouldn't be there!" Carda said. "It wasn't me this time!"
Indal's ears pricked. He seemed to say, "This time?"
Carda rolled his eyes. "Long story." He walked toward the greenery and poked its space with his green-lit hand. This space felt stiff. What the heck?
The wolf bounded between him and the river, and bared its teeth.
Carda held up both hands. "Whoa there, Rover! I just want to do a little spatial housekeeping."
Indal moved aside a few steps, but he growled as Carda stepped past him. Nervous goosebumps rose on Carda's legs and backÂ—--the spots where the wolf might bite him.
The dry soil changed to grass underfoot, and a pleasant aroma of damp earth filled the air. Palm trees and broad-leafed rainforest plants bordered the river. Something snorted behind him. 
"Nice place, eh, pooch?" Carda glanced over his shoulder.
Behind him stood a ten-foot-tall hairy elephant, with u-shaped tusks and tiny ears. It curled its trunk and stamped its front feet.
Carda sucked in his breath as his insides shriveled. His Swiss army knife would barely annoy a mastodon. Should he run away or stand his ground? Wouldn't elephants attack you anyway? Why hadn't he paid more attention to those nature shows? He bolted.
The mastodon charged after him, ivory tusks tearing through brush and small trees. He tried to teleport, but his mind blurred. Those tusks were like huge curved swords! Any second and it'd stick him like a marshmallow at a s'mores party.
As he cleared the trees, he glimpsed a huge furry figure galloping toward him. "Indal, no!"
The wolf leaped in the air and crashed into the mastodon's side. It trumpeted and swung its tusks like scythes. Indal danced backward on two legs.
"Bad elephant! Go away!" Carda grabbed a fistful of the strange, tropical space, twisted it and shoved.
Space tore along the border between rainforest and desert, opening a crack three feet wide. It stretched to the left and right for a mile with nothing inside it. No darkness, no light, simply nothing. 
"I think that's bad."
Indal leaped over the crack and ran to him, then rose on two legs and mimicked punching himself in the chest.
Oh yeah, both kinds of magic had forced Indal to shift when he'd attacked Carda at the restaurant. Carda socked Indal as directed.
The wolf faded backward and Indal's human body squeezed itself into reality. "Ow, that hurts. Carda, next time I tell you not to go near the mastodon, stay away from the mastodon!"
"I didn't know there was a mastodon! I don't speak wolf!"
"Handcuff me, quick!"
Carda yanked the handcuffs out of his pocket and slapped them on Indal's wrists.
Brush cracked and the mastodon charged them from the trees, blood streaming down its left flank. Carda and Indal scrambled away uphill.
The mastodon ran into the nothing-crack, toppled forward, and vanished.
Carda pointed. "Hey, I think we just made it extinct!"
Indal looked back, panting. "Oh, good. I didn't know they were so aggressive."
"Where'd it go?"
"Probably some other world." Indal added between breaths, "You'll get a call in a few days about a mastodon that appeared out of nowhere and savaged a town."
"Oh joy. How do I fix the crack?"
"I don't know. Pull it back together?"
Carda reached out with his powers, grabbed space and pulled. The torn space flopped like an immense blanket with a hole in it. He pulled one side, then the other. The sides of the crack edged back toward each other. As its torn edges touched, space sealed itself back together, like two sheets of sticky tape.
He exhaled and wiped sweat off his forehead. "What about this jungle? I can't budge it."
"It's from an alternate universe," Indal said. "See how it conforms to the landscape? You have to slide it back through the sixth dimension."
Carda's brain choked. "Uh, I think you'll need to help."
Indal muttered something about stupid newbies and grabbed Carda's wrist with both cuffed hands. "Use both your powers, Einstein. I'll do the time half, since you're weak on that."
"Why do you need to use time?"
"Time is the fourth dimension! You have to use it to access the higher dimensions. Find the edge of this anomaly, then slide it back into place. Like closing an open drawer."
Carda groped around in space, hoping his flailing fist accidentally collided with Indal's jaw. One finger brushed the edge of the tropical forest, but it was thinner than the thinnest paper. He put a tiny amount of pressure on it.
The paper eased back between a billion other thin papers. The trees skewed sideways and vanished, leaving Carda and Indal panting in the desert sun.
Indal stepped back and wiped his forehead. "I'm done."
"Me too." Enough close calls for one day. Carda teleported them back to his room in one precise jump. 
He removed Indal's handcuffs, and they walked out of his room and up the hall. "Great tutoring session," Carda said for his mother's benefit. "Thanks for coming over, Indal."
"No problem," Indal said with a fake smile. "With a few more lessons, you might catch on."
Carda's mother stepped out of the kitchen, followed by Michelle. "I hope you learn everything he has to teach, Carda."
"I'm sure I will," Carda said.
Indal whisked out the door and slammed it behind him.
Carda caught Michelle's eye, and they sidled toward Carda's room. 
Once there was a closed door between them and their mother, Michelle said, "Okay, what was that really about?"
Ben emerged from under the bed and placed his cool feet on Carda's leg. Carda picked him up and said, "Remember how Rayne messed up Indal at the Cracker Barrel? Indal got spliced and--well, long story short, he's a werewolf."
Michelle covered her mouth. "A werewolf?"
Carda nodded and recounted the attempt to fix Indal, then the appearance of the jungle.
Michelle gazed at him in silence for a long time, eyes round. Then she rubbed Ben's head. "Is Indal dangerous?"
"Sort of." Carda set Ben on the floor, flopped on his bed and flung one arm across his eyes. "He was pretty calm today, but when he first transformed, he was nuts. As long as he wears those handcuffs, he's okay."
Ben whisked back to Michelle, who stroked him absently. "Poor Indal. I'll bet this is really hard for him."
Green fire burned in Carda's memory as it consumed Indal's body. What had the power done? Fused Indal and the garwaf tighter?
Heck, Indal was a chronomancer. He could help Carda learn the other half of his powers. Carda would have to swallow his animosity and guilt and--horrors--try to be friends.


Chapter 14

"Well, screw that." Rayne stood on a cliff overlooking the dry riverbed where Indal and Carda had encountered the mastodon.
Rayne glared at the crystal around his neck. "That's another portal gone completely wrong. Is there something you're not telling me?"
Inferna took her time answering. "Perhaps."
Rayne poked the crystal. "Your prison is inaccessible from the outside, isn't it? And you've been letting me flail around and attract attention!"
Inferna's purr reminded him of a contented cat. "Each of your attempts to assist me have weakened my prison's barrier. I'm making fabulous progress on my project. For that, I thank you."
Warmth spread through Rayne's middle, but he didn't have the nerve to ask what project a blackwing angelus might work on. "But how can I help you?"
"Mm, you may want to look behind you."
Rayne turned. Demetrius stood on the hillside fifty feet away, clad in his gray business suit. Purple and green magic flared in his hands, entwining in a double helix.
Rayne gasped and seized the pledgestone. "He's using time and space powers!"
"Of course, dearie. Demetrius was the Strider of Chronos once. His powers have waned, but he's still a chronostrider."
Spinning away from Demetrius, Rayne grabbed a handful of space and yanked. He teleported across Phoenix and landed in the parking lot of a random apartment complex. Where had he landed? Rayne squinted at the nearest street sign. West Glendale Avenue. He'd have to watch out for these ten-mile teleports or he'd exhaust himself again.
A gust of magic ruffled Rayne's hair. Demetrius had teleported behind him, and the silver sunglasses concealing his eyes made him alien.
Rayne's heart sank to his ankles. He clutched the pledgestone and backed away.
The double helix spell swirled in Demetrius's left hand. He held out his right hand, palm upward. "Give me the stone and I'll let you live."
Right, and pigs would sprout wings any second. Rayne lifted the pledgestone and whispered, "Should I?"
"Let's give him a challenge first," Inferna laughed. "My, I haven't had this much fun in decades!"
The world dimmed as an outside presence forced its way into his body. Rayne swirled sideways and floated outside. His body faced Demetrius, the pledgestone gripped in one hand. He'd left his body when he'd spliced Indal, too. But here on the edge of oblivion, he felt nothing and watched everything with detached interest.
Rayne's body raised both hands and called fire out of the ground.
The fire billowed upward in a plume, then died down and solidified into the figure of a man wearing a billowy scarlet tunic. He was bald, and walked toward Demetrius with one hand raised. A Fatewalker.
Demetrius rolled his shoulders and said, "Really?" He flicked a spark of green magic at the Fatewalker. It halted with a puzzled expression.
Rayne rushed back into his body. The world brightened and sounds returned. His heart stuttered in his chest. "Inferna, what'd you do to me?"
"Sorry, dearie, but summoning a Fatewalker requires some of your life force."
Rayne jogged backward several steps, gulping air as if drowning. "A Fatewalker! You sent it after Demetrius?" Come to think of it, the idea was pretty funny. Demetrius verses a death elemental. If it got him, the pledgestone was Rayne's forever.
The Fatewalker slowly turned, wearing its smile, and walked toward Rayne.
"He changed its target," Inferna giggled. "That's my Demetrius."
"No! Stay back!" Rayne threw up a spatial shield. "Inferna, send it after Demetrius again!"
"I have a better idea, dear." The pledgestone burned against Rayne's chest. 
The Fatewalker halted with a puzzled look. Then it walked away down the street. 
"Now it's after the Strider of Chronos and his loved ones."
Rayne glanced at Demetrius, who was building another green-and-purple helix spell in both hands. Rayne had so much power...but he needed more to free Inferna. "I've got an idea about how to free you."
"You'd better run, then," she said. "Because Demetrius intends to kill you."
Rayne teleported as Demetrius's spell carved a canyon through the parking lot.

***

The following day, Carda practiced magic until his mother dispatched him on several errands. When he got home, his brain was tired. He wanted to work with his body for a change, instead of his head.
Messing with his car always relaxed him. Carda washed it in the driveway, then pulled it into the garage in order to wax it.
Michelle stepped outside. "Hey, can I borrow the Manual?"
Carda summoned the Manual and handed it to her across his car's hood. "Here you go. Been practicing?"
"Not yet. I was hoping for more hints." Michelle scuffed one sandal across the crack in the garage's floor. She leaned against the workbench and opened the Manual, and absently poked at her red hair, coiled in a bun at the back of her head.
Carda wiped off the car wax, pleased at the sight of his own reflection. How long until Michelle had her own near-death encounter? She couldn't work a shield spell. Carda had to protect her.
Rick had been a Strider of Chronos. Maybe he could teach Carda to protect people.
"Mish," said Carda, rubbing the wax in vigorous circles, "when I'm done, I need to go talk to Rick. Don't leave the house until I get back, okay?"
She nodded without looking up from the book.

***

Carda drove to Speedway Autos and hurried into the building.
Rick sat in his office, eating a sandwich and reading a parts catalog, his hair almost covering his scarred face. He waved to Carda. "What brings you here, son?"
Carda sat on the edge of the desk. "I have some questions about...uh...my new job."
Rick shut the office door.

***

Michelle looked up as a black car pulled to the curb in front of the house. The door opened and Indal stepped out. Her heart beat a little faster. What was he doing here? She closed the Manual and pulled an old newspaper over it.
Indal stepped into the garage, where he stood with his hands in his pockets. Did his eyes always look so sad?
"Hi Indal," Michelle said. "Carda just left."
"Oh." Indal looked at the ground. "Do you know when he'll be back?"
"Maybe an hour, not too long." Goodness, the sad puppy look combined with his movie-star profile made her heart race. Too bad he wasn't one of Carda's friends. It'd be fine with her if Indal hung around all the time. What a day to wear her hair in a bun! It made her freckles stick out like ink splatters. "Want to go inside where it's cool?"
"Um, no thanks." Indal positioned himself to catch the fan's breeze.
Nobody spoke. Michelle fumbled with the newspaper covering the Manual, and tried to think of something non-dorky to say. "I have magic, too."
Indal looked up, eyebrows raised. "What kind?"
"Gravity." Michelle turned a pirouette. "Feel it?"
He grabbed the edge of the workbench. "Yes. Please don't do it again."
Michelle glanced at his hand as black claws shrank into human fingernails. "Oh."
"Carda has a pair of handcuffs that stop the transformation." Indal massaged his hands, as if it hurt him. "I wanted to ask for them."
"I think they're in his car. He'll be back soon, I'm sure."
They stood in silence again. Michelle toyed with the hairpins in her bun and tried not to stare at him. How dangerous was he, exactly? If he transformed, would he attack her, like in the movies?
"Does your werewolf want to eat people?"
Indal gave her a slow, sarcastic look. Michelle's face burned and she wanted to shrivel and die.
"No. It's an animal. Mostly it operates on fear." Indal leaned against the workbench and folded his arms, not quite shutting her out.
Well, at least he was still talking to her. Michelle faced him and determined to ask intelligent questions. "When you transform, do you still know who you are?"
One side of Indal's face scrunched. "Yeah...mostly. It's like sinking to the bottom of a swimming pool. Down there it's heavy, and blurry, and I don't understand things very well."
"That's so interesting!" Michelle forgot her resolution not to stare. "So it's not like a movie werewolf, right? You're not evil."
"Not really. I mean, I've only transformed twice, so I'm not sure how to control it yet. I don't want to risk hurting people." 
Indal's eyes focused on something behind her. He stiffened and inhaled. "Do you see that man across the street?"
Michelle followed his gaze. A man dressed in a ruby-red shirt and pants strolled down the sidewalk on the other side of the street. 
"Yeah. What's with his clothes?"
Indal lowered his voice and gestured furiously. "Get indoors, quick. It's a Fatewalker."


Chapter 15

"Now I find out Michelle has powers, too," Carda said. "Gravity."
Rick grunted and ate the last of his sandwich. "Quite the talented family you have."
Carda shook his head. "Tell me about it. I need to know how to protect people. Rayne's after me, and he screwed up Indal because Indal got in the way."
"Odd," Rick said. "I wonder if Demetrius is involved."
"The evil teacher?"
"Evil principal. But yeah, it's well known that he has it out for Striders of Chronos."
Carda grabbed his hair in both hands for a moment, then straightened. "How do I protect people, then?"
"Wards," said Rick. "Look them up in the Manual. Every single Strider of Chronos had pet protection spells. They're one of the most commonly-used forms of magic. Ever see someone wearing a rabbit's foot or hanging up a horse shoe?"
"I thought that was superstition."
"It is, but the ideas came from mages who place wards everywhere. Protection is a big deal."

***

Michelle backed toward the laundry room door as cold rippled through her chest. "What's a Fatewalker?"
Indal stood in the open garage door and watched the red-clad figure. The Fatewalker had stopped to examine the Chase residence. Indal waved a hand at Michelle. "Get inside, now!"
Michelle opened the laundry room door and stepped inside, but held the door open a crack. Her back prickled with goosebumps. Indal's tone frightened her worse than the Fatewalker, whatever it was.
The Fatewalker crossed the street. It resembled an average human being with no hair, but the clothes were outdated billowy things, like an Arabian Nights costume. It walked up the driveway toward Indal, smiling like a salesman offering life insurance.
Indal's body bulged and shifted, his arms and legs lengthening as he turned into a hulking, gray-furred wolf creature. Michelle tensed, ready to slam the door.
The Fatewalker approached Indal and raised one hand.
Indal sprang out of the garage and tackled the Fatewalker. They thumped to the driveway with enough force to vibrate the floor under Michelle's feet. The Fatewalker kicked Indal off. He landed on his side with a canine yelp. As he scrambled to his feet, the Fatewalker floated erect like an inflated balloon.
It aimed its smile at Michelle.

***

Something tugged at Carda's magic. He glanced toward the door. "That's weird."
"What?"
"It's like...like I have strings tied to me, and somebody's yanking them."
Rick's eyes widened. "You don't have any wards at your home, do you?"
"Not that I know of."
"You'd better go home, right now. If you can teleport, you'd better do it."
Everything inside Carda tensed for a fight. He reached toward his house with a flicker of spatial magic.

***

Michelle's hand froze on the door knob. She wanted to slam the door, but she couldn't look away from the Fatewalker's smiling face. It paced toward her, one hand uplifted as if it wanted to pat her on the head.
Indal body-slammed it, flattening the Fatewalker like a popped balloon. He tore at it with his claws, but its body oozed through Indal's claws and regained its feet. Again it smiled at Michelle and stepped toward her.
This time Indal sank his teeth into the Fatewalker's head. The head mashed out of shape, and the smile distended into a grotesque grimace. But the feet walked toward Michelle, stretching the body longer and longer.
She wanted to scream, but her voice stuck in her throat. She waited like a hypnotized mouse under a snake's gaze. Even a werewolf couldn't stop a Fatewalker.
Green light flashed inside the garage, and Carda appeared, both hands ablaze. "What the hell's going on?"
Indal released the Fatewalker's head and backed away.
Carda grabbed the Fatewalker's arm, and his magic burned into its red-clad body. Its eyes disappeared into empty sockets. Its lips peeled away in a snarl, revealing bare bone and skeletal teeth. 
But Carda's magic spread across it like fire on paper. The Fatewalker shriveled to nothing, and its ashes drifted to the garage floor.
Michelle moaned and slipped to the laundry room floor. 
Carda rushed in and bent over her. "Are you okay?"
Michelle nodded, blinking away tears. Crying! In front of a werewolf, too! The beast watched her, ears flattened apologetically.
Biting her lip, she let Carda help her to her feet. "It was coming for me." She flung her arms around him. She had not hugged her brother in years. Over his shoulder, she glimpsed Indal lope out of the driveway and down the road.
Carda helped Michelle to her room. "Where's the Manual?"
"On the workbench."
Carda frowned, and the book appeared in his hands. "I have to find out how to set wards. I don't know what that thing was, but it was bad."
"Indal called it a Fatewalker."
Carda raised an eyebrow. "What if I don't believe in fate? Is it a free-will-walker?"
His cellphone rang. "What the ... Hello? Dad?"
Michelle winced. Just what they needed.
"No, everything's fine, nothing is broken." Carda listened a moment longer, then hung up, frowning. "Dad just wanted to know if everything was okay. Like he knew about the Fatewalker somehow."
"But how could he possibly know? Does Dad have magic, too?"
They exchanged a horrified look.
"If he does," said Carda, "he's gonna kick my butt so hard for this."

***

As long as the monster had faced him, Indal had remembered he was a human soul in a beast's body.
But the monster was gone, and Indal sank into the garwaf's swirling abyss of feelings. He needed to do something. What was it? He struggled to hold on to the idea, but instinct buried it. Foremost in the wolf's mind was, "Humans! Run away!" He ran, claws clicking against the pavement.
After a while the burning sun made him pant. His nose led him to cool, green grass and standing water. The long-limbed garwaf leaped a low fence and found a yard guarded by a small yapping dog. Indal broke its neck with a casual bite, then helped himself to the dog's water bowl. The earth here was cool and moist. The garwaf located a muddy corner by a sprinkler and lay down on his belly.
Indal needed to do something. What must he do? The thought swirled past like a feather on the wind, and he snatched at it. He needed to--needed to--
He needed to shift back! He pushed his human body back into reality. The garwaf subsided into subspace, growling.
Indal awoke on his stomach in a strange yard, with the stiffening corpse of a Pekinese a few feet away.
If his time magic worked, he could rewind the dog's life. He'd run back to Carda's and get the handcuffs before anybody noticed the dog was dead. He stood up and looked at himself. Maybe once he had more clothes on. At least his pants had endured the transformation. The garwaf's broad shoulders had ripped out the seams in his shirt, leaving him with the tattered remains of the neck.
Indal climbed over the fence and fled. Stupid garwaf and its instincts! He sneaked back to Carda's house, picking up his discarded shoes along the way. The bottoms of his feet went numb as the scorching pavement raised blisters.
Carda stepped into the garage as Indal pulled his shoes on.
Indal nodded. "Hey. Sorry about going wolf like that."
"No problem." Carda stood with both hands in his pockets and head bowed. Angry? Or merely nervous? Indal didn't blame him for either.
"Thanks," said Carda in a low voice.
Indal looked at him in surprise.
"For protecting Michelle. You didn't have to do that. I mean, I didn't know Fatewalkers existed until I saw you chewing on its head."
Relief made Indal's shoulders slump. "No problem. I've never seen a Fatewalker outside of schoolbooks. Only magic hurts them, and I couldn't use my magic. Speaking of which, can I have those handcuffs?"
"Sure." Carda looked around for his car, then winced. "Be right back." He disappeared in a green sparkle.
A few seconds later Carda and his Miata reappeared in the driveway. Carda opened the door, pulled out the handcuffs case, and tossed it to Indal. "There you go. Like I said, thanks a bunch."
Carda wasn't as big a jerk as Indal had assumed. Never judge a redhead by his bad mood. Indal locked the handcuffs around his wrists. Lightning flickered to life in his hands. Man, what a relief. "Not having any magic is like trying to walk with one foot missing."
Carda nodded. "Yeah. Keep in touch, all right?"
"Sure." If only for Michelle's sake. The poor girl couldn't help being the Strider of Chronos's sister, and a gravity mage. She might as well have a giant target painted on her back. "See you later." Indal climbed into his black Mercedes, ran its timeline backward until the inside was cool, and drove away.

***

Carda rummaged through the pantry, muttering to himself.
"What are you doing?" his mother said behind him.
He jumped. "I need some rosemary."
She looked into the pantry. "Why?"
Carda retreated a step. What story might she believe? He met her worried eyes. She'd really worry if she knew what had happened out in the garage.
"I'm trying to invent a new steak rub, Mom. For next time we barbecue."
His mother glanced at the spices in Carda's hands, eyes softening. "Oh. The rosemary's in the back. I never use it."
He accepted the rosemary, and fled to his room. He lined up the spice jars on his computer desk, placed a cereal bowl beside them, and stooped over the Manual.
"Hey," Michelle whispered behind him. "Can I watch?"
"Oh, yeah, sure. Shut the door."
Michelle stepped inside and obeyed. "Did Mom catch you?"
Carda tapped a little of everything into the bowl. "I told her I was making steak rub."
Michelle leaned over the bowl and sniffed. "Smells more like focaccia bread."
"Maybe the person making up this spell was from Italy, I don't know." 
Carda called fire and lightning to his hands and passed them over the bowl. The mixture ignited in golden light. He poked it, and the gold light clung to his fingers like grease. "Cool, look, I did it!"
"Great, what now?"
He consulted the Manual. "I have to mark all the outer doors and windows with it, and the forehead of all mages inside."
Michelle folded her arms and leaned forward. "This better not hurt."
Carda dabbed a blob of light on Michelle's forehead. It glowed for a second, then faded."Well?"
"It felt kind of warm for a minute." Michelle rubbed her forehead and sniffed her fingers. "Now I smell like focaccia bread."
He marked his window, then opened his door and peered out. Down the hall, his mother's office door was shut and her fingers pecked away on the keyboard. "Awesome, she's working. Be right back."
Carda circulated through the house and marked all the doors and windows in thirty seconds flat. Was it his imagination, or did ghostly golden blobs already flicker above them?
When he reached his parents' room, a golden symbol flared to life over the doorway. He wasn't imagining that one. Who had warded the house? Mom didn't know magic. Did Dad?
He added his own blob beside it and returned to his room with a frown.
Michelle sat on his bed with Ben clinging to her shirt. They looked up as Carda entered. "What's wrong?" said Michelle.
"Shiny!" Ben flicked his tongue at the bowl.
Carda held out the bowl, and Ben licked the bottom. "Did you know Mom and Dad's room had a ward on it?" He didn't mention the ghostly ones elsewhere.
"You're sure?"
Carda described it. "But who'd have put it there?"
Michelle tapped Ben on the spine. "Do you do wards?"
Ben shook his head. "Shiny."
Carda sat at his computer desk and raked his hands through his red hair, making it stand up. "Man, I hate lying all the time. Maybe that's how psychos like Rayne get started on the path to the Dark Side."
Michelle nodded and sighed. "I haven't had to lie about magic, yet, but I'm already lying about the dance studio."
Carda rearranged the spice jars, then leaned back in his chair. "Rick told me that this evil dude, Demetrius, works at Rayne's school. He hates Striders of Chronos."
Michelle's eyes widened. "You think Demetrius sent Rayne after you?"
"I don't know. But it's kind of freaky, isn't it? I mean, how Rayne keeps trying to bump me off."
"Maybe he sent the Fatewalker."
The pair stared at each other for a long moment. Carda opened his mouth, but was interrupted by his phone's text message chime. He pulled it out of his pocket. "Indal says Rayne's got another Fatewalker downtown. What the heck?"
Michelle shuddered. "I'm sitting this one out."


Chapter 16

Rayne stood on the rooftop of a Walmart, one foot resting on an air conditioning unit as the sun sank in red fire behind the Phoenix skyline. The police had blocked off the parking lot, and a cluster of ambulances waited beyond them.
"Two suspects," said a voice below, "neither willing to negotiate at this time."
The Fatewalker smiled. It had corralled a dozen hostages on the far corner of the roof. They cowered away from it. 
"Please let us go!" a woman cried.
"It's nothing personal," Rayne said without looking at them. "But I need your life force."
The SWAT team's truck pulled up, but Rayne didn't care. By the time the negotiators reached the roof, it'd be over.
Rayne's fingers curled around the warm black crystal. As the sun slipped below the horizon, all dark magic multiplied in power. The sun kissed the horizon. "Now."
The Fatewalker caressed the woman's face with its soft hand. Her breath left her lungs, and she folded to the pavement. The Fatewalker's smile widened as it reached for its next victim, then the next. Rayne kept his back to the death. A part of him wanted to scream and wretch. But the rest of him focused on the power--only the power.
The purple crystal resonated like a tuning fork. Each escaping life force jolted his power to a higher level, like an ever-increasing adrenaline rush. The entire multiverse shrank around him, rife with possibility, as if his own powers had grown to the level of a god. Why hadn't he ever worked black magic before? It rocked!
He pulled off the crystal necklace, gripped the string and swung the crystal in an infinity symbol. The crystal traced a dark path in the air. Black smoke poured through the lines as if he had pierced through reality and touched unimaginable darkness.
The infinity symbol curled away like an orange peel. Beyond it lay rushing, chaotic wind and dim lights.
Inferna stood there, wearing her chains. A deeper blackness floated over her head, swirling like smoke in a bottle. "Hello Rayne."
"I've supercharged the pledgestone. I can get you out of there." Rayne pushed the portal's edges open wider.
Inferna stepped forward and clanked against the chains. "I think you're forgetting something, dear. Portals are no good while my chains are intact."
"I thought of that." Rayne waved his hand and teleported a pair of bolt cutters out of his stolen stash. He motioned to the Fatewalker. "Come here a minute."
The elemental walked up to him, wearing its smile. Rayne handed it the bolt cutters. "Take those through the portal to Inferna."
The Fatewalker's smile vanished. It stepped toward the portal and hesitated, looking at Rayne.
"Go on!"
It stepped over the portal's threshold and dissolved in a swirl of red. The bolt cutters fell through the portal and vanished into oblivion. Rayne's innards shriveled. This was more embarrassing than trying to impress a hot girl and realizing he'd dripped ketchup on his shirt at lunch.
Inferna laughed and shook her head. "It was a good idea, little Rayne. I'm afraid my prison is more secure than that." She raised both arms to the black swirl above her head. "I'm working on a gift for you."
Rayne forgot his embarrassment. "A gift for me?"
"This is my power and life force combined. Because it is non-corporeal, it might transcend the prison, if I build it right. Release it into real space and use it to shatter my bonds."
All of her power! And he already felt like a god! "You'll kill the Strider of Chronos once you're out, right?"
Inferna's smile widened. "Dear Rayne, once I'm out, I'll destroy every last bearer of the Emerald Flame and Amethyst Spark."
The portal's edges flickered with dangerous red light. "I need to close the portal now. When will your spell be ready?"
"Oh, fifteen minutes your time. See you then, dear."
Rayne closed the portal and glanced at the bodies huddled on the rooftop. For a second he wavered, and his gorge rose in his throat. No, the power was worth it. He grabbed space and teleported.

***

Carda pulled to the roadblock and peered over the flashing lights of the squad cars. Paramedics moved about on Walmart's roof with white-sheeted bodies on stretchers. He winced--he should have teleported.
An officer walked toward Carda's Miata, waving a hand. "This area is closed. You'll have to turn around."
Carda executed a three point turn and parked at the far end of the parking lot. No sign of Rayne over there. Only the authorities mopping up. Magic warmed his sweaty hands, and he wrapped them around the medallion on his keychain. No point in attracting unwanted attention.
"Hey," said a voice.
A black Mercedes had appeared out of nowhere in the parking spot beside him. Indal leaned out the driver's side window, handcuffed hands resting on the steering wheel. "You missed the fireworks. Rayne killed six or seven people, then split."
A knot formed in Carda's chest. "How long ago?"
"A couple of minutes. I couldn't stop it. He harvested their life force and opened this weird portal. He talked to somebody, then closed it and left. I don't see why he had to kill so many people for that."
Carda scratched a sideburn. "Does harvesting life force make a person stronger?"
Indal shrugged. "Yeah. It's like magic steroids."
"How long does it last?"
Indal drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and gazed across the parking lot. "A long time, depending on how he uses it."
"So we need to find him before he goes Magic Hulk."
"Yeah."
Carda's phone chimed. He pulled it out and glanced at the screen. Then he gripped his phone in both hands. "Uh oh. Magic Hulk smash."

***

Rayne's teleport landed him on a quiet residential street lit by orange streetlights. Where was this? The yards had grass instead of gravel, so it was an older area of town. He hurried down the sidewalk until he saw the street sign at the end of the block. West 2nd Street. Wasn't that somewhere in Mesa? He couldn't remember. Far enough from the police, anyway.
Rayne exhaled and rotated his shoulders. Stolen life force tingled under his skin like electricity. Inferna had a gift for him! All he had to do was open the portal again and he'd be more powerful than all the Striders of Chronos. Including Demetrius.
Of course, once the extra life force wore off, he'd crash for twelve hours and wake up with a hangover. But it was worth it.
He paced up and down the sidewalk, checking his watch every few minutes. Fifteen minutes crawled by. What if somebody saw him out here? Nobody would connect him with the murders at Walmart--he'd stayed out of the police's view, and all the witnesses were dead--and the pledgestone made him untraceable by magical means. So why did he keep looking over his shoulder?
Rayne swung the pledgestone on its chain and opened Inferna's portal.
"There you are." Inferna's black wings swept wide in greeting. "Are you ready for my gift?"
"Yes!" Rayne extended both hands. "I accept it!"
Inferna's smile twisted into a snarl, baring crooked teeth. She raised both arms above her head, grasped the ball of smoke, and hurled it at Rayne.
The ball unfurled in midair, expanding into a sphere too large to exit the portal. Rayne pushed at the portal's edge with one hand, and grasped at the oncoming smoke with his free hand.
Some of the power sank into Rayne's essence, mingling with his own power. But more of it dispersed into the darkness inside the portal.
"You fool!" Inferna shrieked, flinging herself against her chains. "Why didn't you seize it with both hands?"
"I was trying--" Rayne pushed against the portal's edge one last time, and something went wrong. The world pinched, then flipped inside out.
Rayne staggered away from the portal and fell onto leaves. Leaves? Oh crap. The neighborhood had been replaced by creepy jungle trees from another world.
He leaped to his feet. "Inferna, I'm sorry!"
The angelus hung in her chains, head bowed, wings furled around her like a cloak. Slowly she raised her head and straightened. "Well," she said with her old smile, "this isn't so bad."
"What? I screwed up space out here!"
Inferna shook her head. "Let's say there's been a change in plans. You accepted some of my power, and the rest will gather to you in time. Meanwhile, it escaped my prison entirely."
Rayne's fingers tightened on the portal's elastic rim. "Where'd it go?"
Inferna's eyes widened mischievously. "That would be telling. Go. Use your new strength. More will come."
Rayne pulled the portal closed. As he turned to leave, Demetrius passed under a streetlight at the other end of the street.
Heart pounding, Rayne teleported away from there.

***

Carda arrived five minutes later. He parked at the curb across the street from his house, because his house was gone--yard, sidewalk and all. He climbed out of his car and stared, mouth open.
A black Mercedes pulled up behind the Miata and parked. Indal slowly climbed out, fumbling with his handcuffs and muttering, "Oh heck, oh heck."
Trees stood where the block of houses had been. Gnarled trees with drooping limbs, like willows. But their limbs had taken root, forming living cages of wood and shivering leaves. Glowing eyes peered out of the darkness within the cages.
Carda pointed at them. "How the hell do I fix this?"
"Don't ask me! I do time magic, not space!"
"I can help, though," said a voice.
Carda and Indal turned to see Xironi leaning against the Miata's hood. She held up her cellphone. "I see you got my text."
"Xironi! Boy, am I glad to see you!" Indal swept both cuffed hands toward the houses. "I can't touch this problem, except maybe to run it backward in time."
"Time won't fix a space problem." Xironi met Carda's eyes. "Power up, Strider of Chronos."
Carda summoned purple lightning and green fire, but his tension made them blaze six feet high. Light flooded the street. Something black skittered out from under Indal's car and under the trees.
He shuddered. "Please say that was a big cockroach."
Xironi pressed her lips together. "Not sure I can. Indal, put a hand on his shoulder. We have to boost his power." She laid a hand on Carda's right shoulder, and Indal touched his left.
Something black appeared in midair near Carda's face, and he flinched backward. Then it said, "Shiny!"
Carda exhaled in relief. "Ben, get lost. I thought you were a huge flying roach."
"Shiny." Ben whisked over to Indal, who flicked him something invisible. Ben caught it on his yellow tongue and chewed.
Carda waved his left hand back and forth. Local space usually felt smooth. Now it had waves in it. He stepped forward, feeling along them. His fingers encountered a snarl in space, like knotted yarn. "What is this?"
Xironi felt it, too. Her tail twitched. "Wow. I didn't know space could twist like that."
"I think I can untie it. It doesn't feel very tight."
"Good," Xironi said. "I'll see if I can--"
Magic sizzled. Xironi screamed and fell to her knees, a green cinder burning in the middle of her back. Carda swatted the cinder with his green-lit hand. It flew into the street, where it burned down through the asphalt and out of sight.
Horror seared through Carda's nervous system. "That could have burned straight through you! Who--?"
A powerfully-built man stood across the street, green and purple magic cupped in both hands. His under-lit face contrasted with his business suit, making him look like a wizard on a movie poster.
With a shock, Carda realized that he'd only seen teenagers working magic. An adult would have far more experience and strength. Fear pounded through him. 
"Demetrius, I presume."
"Sorry Carda!" Indal jumped between them and the newcomer. "I need my power to save our butts!"


Chapter 17

Indal threw lightning into the air, which surrounded them in a dancing globe.
"Carda," gasped Xironi, "fix space."
He knelt beside her, fighting his own instincts, which ordered him to run for his life. "Not while you're hurt!"
The back of her shirt was burned through. Underneath it her skin was black, but it was too dark to see the extent of the damage.
"Leave me alone! Fix the problem!" Xironi faced Demetrius, and summoned green fire in both hands.
If Xironi was well enough to work magic, she wasn't dying yet. Carda touched the tangled space again. Like a kite string after being caught in a tree.
Light flashed. Sparks flew past him and burned out on the pavement. Indal yelled something in another language. Deafening thunder cracked a few feet away. 
Carda's ears fizzed and he lost his hold on the tangle. "Dude, trying to work, here!"
"Sorry, keeping you alive, here!" Indal retorted.
Xironi ducked. "Watch out, watch out!"
Carda bent his knees. A green fireball whooshed over his head. It sailed into the forest and exploded in one of the cage trees, setting it ablaze. Creatures screeched and swarmed out of it.
Loops of metaphysical string fell loose from the tangle. Carda worked at the core. Almost fixed--
Indal crashed into his back. Carda's fingers snagged in the tangle, and it cut into his skin. He yelled.
Indal clutched his left arm, where a black stain spread across his skin. "Hurry up, already!"
Carda hooked a bleeding finger through the tangle and jerked. The knot unraveled and sprang away like a loosened rubber band. The burning trees vanished, and the familiar neighborhood houses reappeared.
Carda spun to face the enemy.
Demetrius stood ten feet away, both hands burning, with reflections of his magic in his sunglasses. He snarled and hurled a green fireball at Carda, Indal and Xironi.
Carda leaped in front of them, crossed his arms and threw up a shield. The blast struck it and exploded, making Carda stagger back a step. 
Demetrius cracked his neck and flung his arms out sideways. Fire spewed out his right hand like a flamethrower. Lightning crackled fifteen feet out of his left hand.
"That's it," Indal said. "We're gonna die now."
Carda dropped his shield spell and threw up a new one, but it felt weaker. Magic exhaustion. Of course, he'd only find his limits while facing down a killer mage.
Out of nowhere, an arc of blue energy slashed across Demetrius's midsection. Demetrius's magic sputtered as he doubled up.
Blue magic?
Another blue bolt struck Demetrius and knocked him backward over Indal's Mercedes.
Carda squinted. His father Jonathan stood on the porch of the Chase residence in a t-shirt and boxers, gripping an old Babylonian staff like a shotgun.
The wards, the phone call, the advice to talk to Rick. His Dad was in on this magical secret. Relief poured through Carda.
Jonathan stepped off the porch and paced across the street. "Kids, stay where you are."
Demetrius rose to his feet, teeth bared. He faced Carda's father, and neither of them moved for a moment.
Jonathan raised the staff. "Depart."
Instead, Demetrius pressed his hands together and built a double helix out of fire and lightning.
Jonathan swung the staff up and down, then spun it like a baton. Blue streaks of light trailed from both ends of the staff, tracing symbols in midair. Then he slammed the staff's butt to the ground, and the spell ignited like blue neon.
Demetrius's spell spiraled through the night at Jonathan and struck the blue spell. It rebounded and struck Demetrius, who managed one yell, then vanished.
Jonathan turned to the staring young mages as the blue light faded away. "Come inside, you three. We need to talk."

***

In another dimension, Jonas hurried down a marble-floored hallway, pulling his black robes over his Snoopy shirt and jeans, rumpling his perfectly-combed gray hair. Nobody ever summoned the High Council on such short notice. And today was his day off, too. He straightened his robe with a jerk. This had better be important.
Jonas whisked through a short-range portal and arrived in the High Council chamber. Three other black-robed men sat around the obsidian-topped table and nodded in greeting. Jonas pulled out his chair and sat down, folding his hands on the table's cold surface. "So."
Matthias stroked his gray goatee, frowning. "Demetrius has broken parole."
All four of them shifted uncomfortably. Lucas pressed a palm against the table's top, and the stone shimmered blue. "I told you we should have kept him in lockdown."
"He's a Strider of Chronos." Markus brushed his mustard-colored hair out of his eyes. "He has to live out his life naturally or the procession of power is endangered."
Lucas pressed his other hand against the table. "Unless we kill him. Illianna's death precipitated Carda Chase's breakthrough."
Jonas's nostrils flared. Illianna's funeral burned in his memory--hundreds of people gathered to pay their respects. Out entire High Council, only Jonas had attended. The intra-world tabloids had gone crazy.
Matthias tapped his fingernails on the table's surface. Color flushed through the swirled glass, showing a glimpse of Demetrius hurling magic at three young people in a Phoenix neighborhood. "We have eyewitness reports. Demetrius is trying to terminate Carda Chase, as we feared he might. The question is, what do we do?"
"Apprehend him," said Markus in a low voice. "When you let vermin alone long enough, it comes back to bite you."
"Yes!" Lucas leaned forward. "Let's dispatch the Iron Seekers."
"One should be sufficient," Matthias said.
Jonas tapped the table and called up an image of a red-dressed Fatewalker. "What about these, gentlemen? Someone has been summoning Fatewalkers, and we're reasonably sure it wasn't Demetrius."
Matthias leaned forward. "The summon spell bore Demetrius's power signature. If we capture him, the summoning will stop."
Jonas leaned back in his chair and allowed himself a smile. Delicious revenge at last. "An Iron Seeker would do the trick. And gentlemen of the Council--activate the internal observers. I want to watch."

***

Jonathan escorted Carda, Xironi and Indal into the house. All the blinds were closed--possibly to conceal their brief visit to the swamp world. Carda's mother watched them from the living room couch, where she held a book and a flashlight. "I see the power's back on."
"Yep." Jonathan's smile barely stretched his lips. "Looked like a drunk driver hit a power pole."
Carda raised an eyebrow. Did his father lie this smoothly all the time?
Abigail gestured to Carda. "Come here a minute."
He edged toward her as everyone else raced to his dad's office. Sweat still drenched him and he'd barely caught his breath. If he fed her a lie quick, she might let him go. "What's up, Mom?"
Abigail closed her book and looked down at it. "I'm sorry I yelled at you about your grades. Your father and I had a long talk about it."
Oh. What a relief. She wasn't chewing him out.
Abigail looked up. "I'm so glad you're hanging around with Indal now. He's the sort of influence you need. A hard-working type-A personality. You'll do well to follow his example."
Carda's cheeks flooded with heat. She couldn't apologize, she had to stab him and twist the knife. "Uh, right Mom, I'll remember that. Can I go now?"
Abigail nodded and stood up. "Invite him over as much as you like." She walked toward her office.
Teeth grinding, Carda hurried through the master bedroom, and into the converted closet his father used as a study. The walls were lined with shelves crammed with random stuff, and there was barely room for four people. Carda felt like a rabbit diving into the safety of its burrow. "Dad, you know magic?"
Jonathan shook his head. "No, I only operate artifacts. Are you two hurt?"
Xironi displayed her back. Carda bit his lower lip. A hole had been burned a few inches to the left of her spine. It oozed fluid, but no blood.
Indal held up his arm. It was black from wrist to elbow, the surrounding skin a rotted green. The werewolf had a zombie infection. Carda glanced into Indal's glassy eyes. "Thanks for taking the hit, bro."
Indal nodded. "My pleasure."
Jonathan shook his head. "Carda, go out in the living room and bring me the box of Sumerian jewelry."
Carda raced into the living room. Thank goodness his mother was in her office and wouldn't ask awkward questions.
A museum display case lined one wall, filled with his father's private collection of ancient artifacts. Carda's hands shook so much, he barely fumbled open the cabinet door. Inside was a box with beaded necklaces and rings, all red, gold, blue and black. As he picked it up, Michelle peered into the living room. Carda jerked his head, and she followed him back to the office.
Jonathan shot a sharp look at Michelle as they entered, but Carda said, "It's fine, Dad. She's got magic, too."
Jonathan raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. He'd put on a pair of pants in their absence, and his red hair clung to his face in sweaty spikes. Taking the jewelry box, he pulled out a necklace adorned with golden leaves and wrapped it around Indal's arm. "Hold that in place, Indal. It takes time to break a flesh-rotting curse."
Jonathan turned to Xironi. "Can you pull your shirt out of the wound?"
Xironi lifted the back of her shirt. The fabric peeled away from the hole, and she gave a sharp cry. Carda stiffened and had to look away.
Michelle stood in the doorway with her hands over her mouth. "What happened to you guys?"
"Demetrius," said Carda. "I was trying to bring you guys back from wherever you went, and Indal and Xironi held him off long enough for me to fix space."
Jonathan sorted through the jewelry box. "All three of you performed admirably." He pulled out another necklace, this one made of lapis lazuli beads, and placed it in a spiral around Xironi's injury. Xironi dug her fingernails into the carpet and her tail shivered. "You'll be all right," Jonathan said. "What's your name?"
"Xironi Heartlight."
"Ah," Jonathan said. "I've worked with your grandfather. He'll have to finish the healing on this, but I can get it started. It's a spatial burn. Without proper treatment, it'll expand until it hits your heart."
"Thanks for explaining that, Dad." Carda knelt beside Xironi, lifted a hand to touch her shoulder, then thought better of it. Tears glistened on her cheeks, and she breathed through clenched teeth. "Thanks," he whispered. "You were awesome." Somehow that wasn't what he'd meant to say. Emotion rolled inside him--he wanted to take her in his arms and rock her, or he wanted to find Demetrius and beat his face to a pulp. But he didn't have the words.
Xironi looked up at him, ears flat, and forced a smile. "You were awesome, too."
Carda smiled and bit his lip at the same time.
Jonathan turned to Indal and pointed at his arm.
"It doesn't hurt as much," Indal said. Healthy pink skin spread outward from the beads on his arm.
"Good." Jonathan looked at Carda. "You're a strider, correct?"
Carda pulled out his keys and handed his father the medallion. "I'm the Strider of Chronos."
Jonathan stared at the medallion, then his son. "Seriously?"
"Why do you think Demetrius is trying to kill him?" Indal said. "It's a rite of passage."
"Wow." Jonathan sat back on his heels. "I think you'd better start from the beginning."
Carda launched into the story of his burned classroom and his newfound magic. Dealing with Rayne's space distortion and murders. Fighting a Fatewalker that afternoon. He also added the tidbit about Rayne attending Demetrius's school.
Xironi laced her fingers together. "I used to go to the Strider Academy before they hired Demetrius. Rayne was in all my classes. He was always a creep, but not the type to kill people, you know? I'm sure he's working with Demetrius."
They exchanged worried looks.
Xironi said, "Can I move now?"
Jonathan retrieved the necklace. "There. Feeling better?"
"Yes." Xironi straightened her shirt and sat up. "Now I don't feel like I've been stabbed, only burned. Also, has Michelle mentioned what kind of magic she has?"
"It's gravity," Michelle said. "It works when I dance."
Jonathan's eyebrows drew together for a long second. "Gravity! That's extremely rare, isn't it?" He hugged her to his side. "You be careful." He looked at Indal. "Will it be all right with your parents if you stay the night?"
Indal shrugged. "I've been living at the University dorm, so what they don't know won't hurt them."
Xironi straightened and winced. "I can teleport home."
"Do you want help?" Carda slipped a hand under her elbow. 
Pain had dilated Xironi's pupils, and sweat gleamed on her forehead. "No thanks. I can make it." She flicked fire to her fingertips and vanished.
She reappeared in the same spot with a cry, and fell to her hands and knees. Carda helped her up. "What happened?"
"My teleport failed!" Xironi pushed her damp hair out of her face. "Space twisted around and dumped me back here!"
"Let me try." Carda tried to teleport to the end of the driveway. He reached the hallway, where space deposited him on his face on the carpet. Rubbing his nose, he picked himself up and returned to the office. "Yeah, it's borked, all right. You think Rayne did it?"
"He did something," muttered Jonathan.
Indal's arm still bore black mottling from the curse, and fresh sweat rolled down Xironi's face. A slow, volcanic heat rose through Carda's chest. "You know what? I'm going to hunt Rayne down. I've let this go too far."
"As soon as I'm well, I'll help," said Indal.
"Me too," said Xironi. "If I can move."
"And me!" said Michelle, bouncing in her chair.
Jonathan sighed. "I wish I could help, son, but I only use artifact magic." He flashed Carda a grin.
Carda grinned back. At least he wouldn't have to lie to his Dad. A knot loosened somewhere under his breastbone.
"Tell you what," said Jonathan. "Let me call Harthur and tell him the situation. He can come tend to you, Xironi."
She nodded. "That might be best." Her face was pasty white and faintly green around her mouth.
"I'll get the sleeping bags," said Carda.
Carda and Michelle dug sleeping bags, air mattresses and spare pillows out of the hall closet. His heart pounded. Xironi the catgirl was sleeping over at his house! Her burn sent sympathy pains through his own back. Poor girl. She'd taken that wound protecting him. Carda's fingers bit into the sleeping bag's fabric. He'd never let her be hurt again on his behalf. Not to mention Indal's curse, and his attempts to protect all of them.
Michelle made Xironi's bed in her room, and Carda made Indal's in the living room, near the artifact collection.
When they reported back to the office, Carda voiced his biggest worry. "What will we tell Mom?"
Jonathan smiled and hung up the phone on his desk. "I'll handle your mother."


Chapter 18

Near midnight, Rayne parked his Firebird outside the Metrocenter in Glendale and climbed out.
Acres of empty concrete surrounded him, sprinkled with street lights. An anchor store had gone bankrupt in the mall's south end, and nobody parked there anymore.
A perfect spot for a killer portal. As the stolen life force ebbed from Rayne's body, the distant ache of magic exhaustion lurked behind his eyes.
He put fifty feet between himself and his car, gripping the pledgestone. He raised it, activated his spatial fire, and carved a window in midair.
Inferna looked out at him, her red dress barely visible in the dim light. "Hello, Rayne."
"Tell me how to open a proper portal for your power."
A faint smile flicked over Inferna's face. "It will come to you, as I said." Her dark eyes focused on his. "But you can hurry things along, if you like."
Rayne nodded and leaned forward.
Inferna kissed her hand and blew it toward Rayne. Her breath fanned his face, faintly scented of lilacs. With it came a mental image of a certain kind of portal, shimmering maroon and green.
Oh yes, Inferna possessed all the lost schools of magic, and all that power lay at his fingertips, including demonic. He squeezed the pledgestone in both hands and concentrated. A dull red flame flickered across his left hand. Rayne laughed aloud. "I did it!" He drew a portal in midair.
The portal swirled open. Black tornadoes enveloped the world beyond. A house and screaming people flew upward into a twisting funnel. Beyond it were three, seven, a dozen more funnels. Blackness spread along the horizon like spilled ink. What world was this?
The tornado swerved toward Rayne's portal, and space distorted around him like a huge ocean wave. Rayne gasped and grabbed at the portal's edges as the tornado's whirling edge drew closer. Surely this wasn't Inferna's power. He'd made a mistake!
The tornado's blackness shifted. Through the darkest part of the funnel's center, Rayne glimpsed another world, this one also tossing in spatial distortion waves.
This wasn't weather.
The distortion wave inside the funnel brushed against Rayne's portal, and something from the other world burst through onto Earth. It struck Rayne like a speeding truck.
He awoke a few minutes later, lying on the pavement with a throbbing knot on the back of his skull. He sat up, clutching his head. The portal had vanished. Where it had been, the asphalt was cracked, and red lava glowed underneath.
The window to Inferna still floated a few feet away. Rayne crawled to it and peered through. "What happened?"
Inferna stared off into the distance, expressionless. "Only the destruction of the worlds will free me. Rest, little Rayne. You'll need your wits when my power finds you."
Rayne closed the window and dragged himself back to his Firebird. Destruction of the worlds? His head throbbed. He'd worry about it later. All he wanted now was sleep.

***

Carda awoke early the next morning and stared at his ceiling fan. Odd how a silent house filled with sleeping people was quieter than the empty desert. Hopefully everybody was well, because today's agenda was hunting down Rayne. It was time someone stomped the weasel.
He eased out of bed and pulled on his t-shirt and jeans from yesterday. He'd change when he showered later. He tiptoed out of his room and listened at Michelle's door. No sound. He headed to the living room instead.
Indal's sleeping bag was an empty pile on the couch, and his clothes lay folded on the couch's arm. The handcuffs rested on top of them. The front door was unlocked. So he'd taken the wolf out for a run, huh? Why did that notion fill Carda with dread?
Carda cracked the front door open and slipped outside. The air smelled of the cool freshness of the desert. No sign of Indal in the yard or driveway. Carda walked to the end of the driveway and scanned the street. Nothing stirred. The sun peeked above the houses to the east, the sky blushing pink and cloudless. In Phoenix, summer was nearly all year. Carda turned to go back inside.
A tiger walked around the corner of the house.
Carda met its eyes and froze in mid-step. The tiger stood on its hind legs, dressed in black jeans and a white t-shirt. Carda blinked. Wait, tigers didn't wear clothes. But the striped, orange face--complete with white fringe on the cheeks--was definitely a tiger.
It spoke in a bass rumble. "Carda, I need to talk to you."
Should he talk to the beast, or run for his life? "Um, who are you again?"
"Harthur Heartlight. Xironi is my granddaughter."
Relief washed through Carda, followed by a tightening in his gut. Xironi's grandfather was a seven-foot-tall tiger man. Running remained an option.
Harthur stopped a few feet from Carda and folded his arms. His hands looked human, but with squared-off fingertips and thick fingernails. They'd probably rip through human flesh like daggers.
Carda gulped. "What's the matter?"
"Xironi is what's the matter." Harthur's ears flattened as he bared his teeth. His canines were long and sharp. "You let that madman Demetrius hurt her."
"I know, and I'm sorry." Carda's heart pounded so hard it nearly choked him. "Demetrius showed up out of nowhere as I was trying to fix a weird tangle in space. Xironi and Indal covered my back until I got done. I never meant for anybody to get hurt. It won't happen again."
"It'd better not." Harthur's lips relaxed into a smile and his ears sprang up again. "I visited her late last night. Her wound is mended."
"Oh good." Carda's shoulders sagged. "I thought you were going to eat me for a minute there."
Harthur shook his head. "I don't eat humans." He lifted his head and sniffed. "Do you own a dog?"
"No, but Indal is spliced with a garwaf, and he took off last night. I was looking for him."
Harthur's head turned left, then right, nostrils flaring. "The scent is several hours old. He's miles from here by now. Have you worked on his splice?""
"I tried, but we got interrupted by a mastodon. Long story."
One of Harthur's ears flattened. "Speaking of space, have you observed a problem with teleportation?"
"Yeah, teleports dump you on your face now."
Harthur held up a finger. "The Subspace Storm approaches, as it does on many worlds. Long teleports fail first. Short ones still function. Do you know about the Highway?"
Carda shook his head. "I don't think you mean the 202."
Harthur extended a hand, and green fire flickered across it. He drew an infinity symbol in midair with it. It collapsed on itself and formed a broad portal with flickering green edges. Beyond it lay an asphalt highway stretching into darkness.
Harthur closed the portal and gestured. Carda opened it on his first try, stuck his head through and peered around. The road hung in empty blackness. No sky. No ground. Nothing but road.
"This is the Chronostrider Highway," said Harthur. "Built by time and space mages, and used by anyone with the magic to open a portal. Travel along it and tell it your destination, and you'll arrive at a portal there in a few minutes."
Carda clapped the portal shut. "I get it. So you can use the Highway instead of teleporting?"
Harthur nodded. "Now, I need to head home and eat breakfast. You make sure no further harm comes to Xironi, understand?"
Harthur's tone left no question as to Carda's fate. 
Carda nodded. "I won't, sir."
"Good." Harthur turned away with a flick of his striped tail, and opened the Highway portal again. He stepped through and it closed behind him.
Carda shuddered, and hurried to put a few walls and a door between himself and any more semi-humans.

***

Xironi, Michelle and Carda discussed things over breakfast. Carda explained about the Highway, but omitted the part about Harthur murdering him if Xironi was harmed again.
"Sure was nice of Grandpa to show you that," Xironi said. "I haven't used the Highway in years." She scanned the table. "Where's Indal, anyway?"
Carda rolled his eyes. "He went out for a run, apparently."
Michelle straightened. "And he's not back? What if he got hit by a car? Or somebody shot him?"
Carda looked at their worried faces, and their apprehension flickered inside him. "I'm going to have to go wolf hunting, aren't I?"


Chapter 19


Carda had been on the road three minutes when his cellphone vibrated. He pulled it out and rested it on the steering wheel. Michelle's number.
"News on the internet says coyotes ate a bunch of cats and dogs last night."
A second text followed with an address. It was in a neighborhood between Scottsdale and Mesa. He glanced at the nearest street sign and turned right.
What were the odds that Indal was out devouring pets now? Of course, it might be a random monster from another world. Or coyotes. But if Carda was a gambler, he'd stake high odds on Indal. He'd brought Indal's clothes and handcuffs, folded together in a pile on the passenger seat.
Carda turned down a neighborhood street with old trees and dark, shaded lawns. He coasted down the street, scanning the yards for anything unusual. People climbing in cars, departing for the work day. Not much activity. Then a huge gray shape ran across the road and vanished into the shelter of someone's untrimmed shrubbery. Bingo.
He parked at the curb, got out and walked toward the shrubs. This early in the morning, the grass smelled rain-fresh from the sprinklers. 
"Indal, time to stop running wild."
One of the wolf's eyes peered at him from a gap in the foliage. It appraised him like a customer reading a restaurant menu. 
Carda froze. "Indal, don't do this." He curled his fingers and let a little magic flow into his hands. "You know it's me. Come out and I'll shift you back."
The wolf ducked behind the leaves. No rustling. Unless the wolf learned to move without making a sound--
The beast exploded out of the leaves and knocked him flat on his back. The teeth flashed toward his throat. 
Carda caught it by the neck with both glowing hands, and held its savage face an inch from his own. Time and space magic flowed into the garwaf.
The beast rolled off of him and shrank into a human being. Indal fell to his knees and sat still, head bowed. Somehow his boxers had stayed on throughout his transformation, now muddy and grass-stained.
"You think taking the wolf for a stroll might have been a bad idea?" Carda climbed to his feet, shaken.
"I thought I could control it," said Indal in a low voice.
"The news said a bunch of pets are missing."
"The wolf was hungry." Indal looked at his shorts and swore under his breath. His arm was free of black spots, so the curse must have been purged.
"I brought your clothes."
Indal brushed his tousled black hair out of his face. "Thanks a lot!" He followed Carda back to his car and limped across the asphalt in his bare feet. There he snatched up his clothes and yanked them on. "I'm sorry the wolf attacked you. I think it--I think I felt threatened."
Carda raised an eyebrow. "You tried to rip out my throat, dude."
Indal climbed into the passenger seat and pulled on his socks. "I know. I'm so sorry. You can't imagine how horrible this is. Especially since..."
"Since what?"
Indal wrestled with his shoes in the tiny cab space. "I did some scrying this morning before I let the wolf out. Bad stuff's slated for today. Like that text message you're going to get any minute."
The cellphone buzzed in Carda's pocket. He fished it out with a wide-eyed look at Indal. "That was freaky."
It was from Xironi. "Lava at the Metrocenter. On my way, bringing Michelle."
Indal nodded. "Like I said. Fun!"
"Be there soon," Carda texted. Lava? Had Rayne been playing with matches this time? 
"The Metrocenter's a volcano."
Indal nodded. "Yeah, that. You'll need the whole team."
Carda jumped out of the car and scanned the neighborhood. A woman down the street was climbing into her car. Carda waited until she left, then whipped open a portal to the Highway, pulled the car through, and closed it behind them. Maybe he'd gotten lucky and nobody had noticed.
"Smooth," Indal said. "Even teleportation has loopholes."
Carda drove down the Highway at a cautious fifty miles an hour. Reflectors marked the edges of the road a hundred feet to either side. With no horizon to provide a sense of depth, he expected to plunge off a cliff any second.
"Uh, I need a portal to the Metrocenter in Phoenix," Carda said to the Highway. "Any time now." Reflectors flicked toward him with the regularity of a metronome. After a moment, blue light winked into existence up the road. Carda braked and pulled up beside a rectangular portal. The Metrocenter's parking lot lay on the other side. He inched through and blinked in the sunlight.
The parking lot spread out like a vast concrete desert, empty of cars. Police cars blocked off the mall entrances, and fire trucks crept into the east entrance. Black smoke billowed into the sky at the far end of the mall, half a mile away. Worst of all, a helicopter circled overhead and people gawked from the edges of the parking lot. They'd see everything!
"Any idea what to do, Mister Future?"
Indal pointed. "You were down at the south end, driving like a bat out of hell."
Carda floored the gas and shot down the length of the parking lot. How liberating to drive through so much space!
A black cloud enveloped them. Indal pulled his shirt over his nose. "Don't drive straight into the lava, dork!"
Carda spun the wheel and his tires screamed. For a second he drove blind through smoke--then it cleared. They'd moved east two hundred feet, and barely missed a fissure of smoldering lava. He'd almost burst all his tires. Here and there lines of dull red gleamed through the asphalt, and it stank like burning tar.
The helicopter roared overhead and bellowed something on a megaphone. Carda waved up at it. "It's okay, I've got it covered!" He parked and jumped out of his car.
Indal climbed out the other side. "I envy you."
"What?"
Indal jerked his head at the car. "The driving. There's no way I'd have the instinct to pull a stunt like that."
A compliment? Carda cleared his throat. "Right. Anyway, I'm going to put this lava back where it belongs."
"I don't think it'll be that easy."
Carda summoned his space powers and checked for ripples. Space was stretched tight, and wrinkles led toward the stress point. Out in the lava, something heavy sat in space like a bowling ball in a sheet. "Indal, what do I do if there's an object jamming up space?"
"Duh, I'm a time mage. Ask them."
Xironi and Michelle raced toward them, glancing over their shoulders at the three policemen running after them. Xironi halted and spoke to them a moment. The police stood in a cluster and watched her jog toward Carda.
She must be feeling better. Warmth spread through Carda's chest. What in the world had she said to the cops? He'd better be careful not to use too much magic where everybody would see, or the Men in Black would follow him home.
Michelle waved and called, "Traffic's backed up. What's all the smoke?"
Carda pointed. "One of those volcano disaster movies."
Xironi gave him a bemused look. "Technically, it's a volcanic extrusion into our world. We'll help you move it."
"Awesome, let's do this." Michelle and Xironi laid their hands on Carda's shoulders.
Indal backed away several steps, looking around, then began working a spell with his hands close together so the lightning didn't show.
Fine then, don't help me. Carda pushed the bowling ball with both hands. It shifted a fraction, then stuck. He closed his eyes. The girls' hands warmed his shoulders, and a faint tingle ran down both his arms. They really were giving him power! Carda gathered their combined strength, and shoved.
The ball rolled away, and he stumbled forward, breaking the girls' grip. Heat blasted his face. Something rumbled out in the broken concrete. Asphalt slabs slid aside and a blob of lava the size of a Volkswagon forced itself to the surface. It stretched into a column, ten, fifteen feet tall, and three gloppy limbs boiled out of it.
Behind him, Michelle said, "Carda, what is that?"
"A lava monster, what's it look like?"
The monster's arms swung toward Carda, and one yellow spot appeared in the top half, like an eye. The monster waded toward him, peeling away the asphalt like soil before a plow.
Carda jogged backward, arms out to defend the girls. "Why do all the monsters like me?"
"It's your magnetic personality," Indal said. "It's time for the bat-out-of-hell driving!"
Carda ran for his car. "Xironi! Michelle! Get out of here!"
Xironi grabbed Michelle's wrist and blinked away in a teleport. They reappeared in the distance, ten feet in the air, and thudded to the ground with shrieks.
"But don't teleport!"
"Thanks for reminding me!" Xironi yelled.
Carda vaulted over his car's door as Indal climbed into the passenger seat. The lava monster waded toward them, growing taller with each step.
He peeled out backward, spun the car in a half circle, and shot up the parking lot.
Indal sprawled in the seat, barely hanging on. "It's gaining on us!"
Carda glanced in the rear view mirror. The monster had risen out of the lava on two thick legs and charged after them. "How do I beat this thing?"
"You don't. The girls will stop it while you distract it."
Of course. The time-mage knew the future. "So why'd you need to come?"
"To keep the general public from noticing." Indal jerked his head at the helicopter. It hung overhead, rotors frozen in midair. "I put a time-stop bubble over this section of the parking lot, but we have to take out this monster fast. These spells only last a few minutes."
Carda tried to feel grateful, but the fear uncoiling in his stomach overpowered all other emotions. He tapped the brakes and skidded around a median planted with palm trees. The lava monster walked through it, igniting the palm trees like torches.
Indal pointed at the three frozen cops who'd talked to Xironi. "Turn left, turn left!"
"Let me drive!" Carda cut left and headed toward the mall. 
The monster hurled a blob of lava, which burst on the road ahead like a splattered pumpkin. Smoke swirled as the asphalt melted. Carda swerved and gravel clattered against his undercarriage. If any lava stuck to his tires, this race was over.
Indal grabbed the top of the windshield. "Watch out!"
Carda spun the wheel, screeched along the mall's sidewalk, then headed back toward the lava pool at the south end. "You could have told me all this earlier!"
"What, blow by blow?"
The monster hurled another blob of lava. Carda swerved in panic. A wave of heat scorched his face as the lava passed overhead and exploded on the pavement. Way too close! 
"Why didn't you warn me about that one?"
"I didn't scry that deep!"
"So what if we die out here? Did you see that and forget to tell me?"
Indal bashed a fist against the armrest. "Carda, scrying isn't that precise! Death's a varying probability, but none of us have serious death events here, so I--"
Somehow their frantic speed and the encroaching danger loosened Carda's tongue. "Yeah, let me kill myself off so you can get with Xironi, right? She'd be way better off with you! Since you're all perfect and everything!"
Indal's mouth fell open. "What--Xironi--You think I'm perfect?"
"No, my mother does! She worships you! You drive a Mercedes, you go to church, you're polite, on and on. It makes me sick!"
They swerved around another median, and the monster blasted it with lava. Trees and bushes erupted into flames. The hairs in Carda's arm singed. "The only reason I've put up with you is because I helped splice you!"
Indal stared through the windshield with his jaw slack. "You did what?"
Oh great, a confession. Exactly what Carda hadn't wanted to do. He squeezed the steering wheel until his knuckles popped. "When Rayne pulled the monster through you, I threw space fire at him and it got tangled in your portal. I don't know what I did."
Indal's eyebrows drew down in a scowl. "So you're obligated to help me? Here I thought we were friends. Boy, was I stupid. All right, let's get this straight. You know why I have that Mercedes? My Mom gave it to me to piss off my Dad. They're divorced and that's how they fight long distance."
They neared the lava pool, and Carda circled it at a safe distance. The monster sped up, as if proximity to its home strengthened it. Carda shifted gears by reflex. Shame soured his insides.
Indal wasn't finished. "I never told them that I'm a chronomancer, because they'd try to use my power to destroy each other. And now I've got this garwaf always trying to get through. Guess what! It's another secret I can't tell anybody. So I walk around in handcuffs and people think I'm either a criminal or a pervert."
Carda drove in silence for a long minute. Why couldn't he keep his mouth shut? He'd bashed Indal, and Indal had done nothing but help him, despite being magically handicapped.
"Oh crap, oh crap!" Purple lightning exploded from Indal's hands and laced over the car.
The world tinted purple and stopped dead.
"What the--" Carda looked around. "What'd you do that for?"
Indal pointed.
The lava monster was frozen with one arm extended toward them. A boulder-sized ball of lava hovered between its arm and the car, seconds from drenching the car in molten rock.
Carda jerked the steering wheel. "I've got to move!"
"Get out and run. I can fix your car later."
"You can fix it if my car gets melted in lava?"
Indal snorted. "I'll show you how to do it. Hurry! I'm not supposed to nest time spells inside time spells!" Lightning crackled in his cuffed hands.
Carda climbed out. Indal scrambled over the door on the other side. "Run!"
They fled across the motionless, purple-tinted parking lot toward a decorative retaining wall. They jumped behind it.
Indal clamped his hands together and extinguished the lightning.
The purple vanished. The unmanned Miata coasted for half a second before the lava fireball splashed inside. The lava melted out the bottoms of the doors in seconds. 
The car slowed to a stop, and the lava monster stomped a foot on it, burning straight through the car's body to the ground.
Carda's eyes bulged. "Did you see--my car--!" He grabbed Indal's shirt collar. "You let it destroy my car!"
"Shut up!" Indal hissed. "It's hunting us!"


Chapter 20


The monster stepped away from the burning car, its single eye swiveling back and forth. Carda snarled and bent his fingernails against the concrete.
Xironi appeared in front of the monster in a green sparkle. She jumped up and down, waving her arms like a cheerleader. "Hey! Hey!"
The monster's eye dropped to her. It had no mouth, but its whole body curled a little, as if smiling.
"Try to catch me, rock head!" Xironi skipped across the parking lot in a series of short teleports. The monster stamped after her.
Michelle danced in the distance, doing her best ballet moves. So that's what the girls were up to!
"Time to move," Indal said.
Carda and Indal climbed over the wall and ran after the lava monster, taking care to avoid its hot, tarry footprints. Indal pointed after Xironi. "Do you know how to Stride? Like she did?"
"I can try." Carda grabbed Indal's arm, reached for the ground ten feet away, and teleported them there. Then he did it again. How did Xironi do it so quickly?
Xironi ran in a wide circle to avoid Michelle. The lava monster's steps slowed down as it neared her spell circle.
Michelle's wide eyes flashed in the monster's direction. Carda's chest swelled. Scared to death and still trying to kill the monster. You go, sis!
The monster bent toward Michelle and reached out one arm as it stepped into the gravity spell. Its arm sank downward, stretching like warm taffy, then split off and pooled on the ground. Its other arms broke off. Its legs and torso compressed as its weight increased. The monster made a grinding noise, like churning lava, and its form collapsed into a pile of red gravel.
Carda punched a victorious fist skyward. "All right! That was awesome!"
Michelle sank to one knee, gasping for breath. Xironi slowly stood up again, chest heaving. "Don't come any closer, guys. This gravity well is fifty feet deep. And for heaven's sake, don't teleport across it."
"Gravity bends space, gotcha." Then Carda looked at the blackened remains of his car. His smile vanished.
Indal followed his gaze. "I'll show you how to work an isolated time reversal."
Carda nodded, biting back a snarky retort. Indal was willing to help him after Carda had said all that garbage. Guilt!
Michelle danced a few steps to reverse the gravity well, then she and Xironi picked their way around the lava monster's remains. Michelle's blouse was soaked from her armpits to her waist. But she high-fived Carda. "I just took down a lava monster. In your face!"
"Well, I'm about to resurrect my car. In your face!"
The four hurried back to the Miata. Xironi's tail twitched. "How long will this time freeze last?"
"Maybe ninety seconds," said Indal. "Carda, lightning, please."
Carda summoned lightning to his right hand.
"Throw it at your car."
Carda flicked the lightning out and hooked it to his car.
"Pull on the lightning and wind it around your wrist."
Carda tried. Man, was he dragging the whole car toward him? He braced his feet and hauled backward with all his strength. The car's charred body shifted upward. Carda wrapped a loop of lightning around his wrist--it felt like slippery rope--and pulled in another yard. The car's tires inflated. The paint brightened to polished red. The lava mounded up inside, then flew back into the air as a fireball and vanished.
"Can I rewind it to when it was new?"
"Sure," said Indal. "Don't go past that point or it'll turn into loose parts."
Carda tugged on the lightning a little and watched as the chrome brightened into factory newness. Then he released the lightning string. It vanished, and there sat his Miata Roadster, newer than the day he'd bought it.
"Guys," Xironi said. "I swear the reporters over there have their cameras right on us. When the time stop ends--"
Indal opened one hand and displayed a tiny flicker of lightning. "Ten seconds."
"Right," Carda said. "Everybody, get out of here!"
Xironi and Michelle ran for Xironi's Beetle.
Carda slid into his car and started it as Indal scrambled in. The engine purred to life, deliciously new. He threw it into gear and peeled out as the time stop ended.
With luck, the authorities would think they were a bunch of punk kids hunting for thrills. Indal slid down in the seat and shielded his face.
The cameras followed their progress, but nobody pursued them. Carda plunged into the neighborhoods west of the Metrocenter anyway. No point in leading anyone straight home.
Indal exhaled. "That was a heck of a thing. I know you're the Strider of Chronos and all, but you've got a great support team."
"Yeah." Carda slowed to a sedate thirty miles an hour. The neighborhood here was all gravel yards with plenty of cactus and mesquite trees. Soothingly normal after the craziness of the last half an hour. "I guess we do work pretty well together, when we're not fighting."
"Who's fighting?" said Indal. "You start accusing me of crap, what else am I supposed to say?"
"Sorry." Carda stopped at a sign and sat for a moment. His shoulders ached from pulling on his car with the magic lasso. His mind ached from unjustly chewing out Indal. All he wanted to do was dump Indal somewhere, then lock himself in his room under the air conditioning and play videogames for hours. Half his mouth stretched in a smile. "You know, I'd planned to hunt for Rayne today. Talk about getting sidetracked."
Indal jerked his head back toward the Metrocenter. "I bet he did the lava. It felt like the weird twist at your house last night. Same kind of magic."
"Could you find him again that way?"
"Maybe. He's a walking natural disaster. Was he trying to kill you?"
"I don't know." Carda rested an elbow on the steering wheel and dug his fingers into his hair. "I mean, he made me wreck my car, sort of. Then there was the thing with the mastodon, but we don't know he did it."
Indal squinted into the distance and wiped sweat off his cheek. "Come to think of it, I think it was him. Like this weird version of space magic. I was a wolf for most of it, though, and it doesn't sense magic very well."
"What about the Fatewalker?"
Indal shook his head. "No idea. But Rayne used a Fatewalker last night. It killed all those people."
"So he knows how to summon them or whatever." Carda realized he'd been sitting at the stop sign a long time, and meandered on into the neighborhood. "It's like he started out trying to kill me, then he started trying to do something else. Something weird, because he keeps messing up space. You think he's working magic with Demetrius?"
"It's possible." Indal rubbed his chin. Then his eyes widened and he pointed. "Wait! Look! Is that Demetrius up there?"
A man in a business suit and silver sunglasses fled along the sidewalk half a block ahead, tie flying over his shoulder. 
Behind him walked...something.
Carda slowed to three miles an hour and rubbernecked. "What is that thing? A robot?"
It was seven feet of matte black metal armor and walked without bending its knees. Its head was too big for its body, and instead of a face, had only a solid metal plate.
Indal cowered, gripping the door. "It's an Iron Seeker."
"A what?"
Demetrius turned at bay and flung a firestorm of magic at the Seeker, tearing chunks out of the sidewalk and blowing craters in nearby lawns. Most of his magic struck home, washing the Seeker in billows of flame and lightning. But the Seeker walked on, and the fire died out.
"They're impervious to magic," Indal said.
"No duh! Is it a robot?"
"No, it's a capture golem. The Council sends them."
Demetrius ran toward the Miata. "Help me!"
Carda's foot hovered over the gas pedal. Demetrius had tried to kill him twice. At the same time, that robot thing was unstoppable. Sympathy warred with survival.
Demetrius grabbed the top of the driver's door and hoisted himself up, jamming a foot between Carda's back and the seat. "Get out!"
He who hesitates gets carjacked. Carda writhed sideways and knotted his fingers in Demetrius's shirt. "No way! Get lost!"
Demetrius slapped the side of Carda's head, and Carda's ear rang. 
"Indal, help me!"
Indal scrunched himself away from Demetrius. "Uh, really, I don't think--"
Demetrius roared and stiffened. Carda butted his head into Demetrius's stomach and knocked him out of the car. 
As he fell, Carda realized what had happened. The Seeker's arms had detached from its body and encased Demetrius's arms to the shoulders. They locked at his sides. Unable to catch himself, Demetrius's head cracked into the pavement.
The Seeker stood over Demetrius, sans arms. Demetrius squinted up at it. "You can't take me!"
The Seeker's head fell off its shoulders and dropped on Demetrius's head like an overturned bucket. Then the armor fell to pieces, clanked onto Demetrius's body, and reassembled itself around him. In five seconds flat the Iron Seeker was intact again, now lying on the ground. It slowly rose to its feet, turned back the way it had come and resumed its slow, stiff-legged walk.
Carda pointed. "Won't he cook inside that thing?"
"No," Indal said. "Watch."
As the Seeker walked, its outline rippled. It faded like a ghost and vanished.
Carda gaped at Indal. "Where was that thing last night? We couldn't beat Demetrius, and that thing swallowed him!"
"It's why you don't cross the Council. If they want to catch you, they send Iron Seekers. Humane and one hundred-percent effective." Indal shot Carda a sideways look. "I guess Rayne's not working with Demetrius any more, huh?"
Carda snickered. "I guess not." He opened a Highway portal and drove inside, out of the sun and the public eye. A disturbed feeling swirled inside him, as if he'd witnessed a ten-car pileup on the 202. Even the mighty Demetrius couldn't beat a Seeker. Carda's mental hierarchy of magic re-shuffled itself. At the top, where Demetrius had been, there was now a shadowy Council of super-mages. No wonder Rick had warned him to stay on their good side. Maybe capturing Rayne would win Carda some brownie points.
Indal cleared his throat. "By the way, I saw something else when I was checking the futures this morning."
"Like what?"
"Like you. Running from Iron Seekers."
Carda shot Indal a wide-eyed glance. "You're kidding. Why would they come after me?"
"I don't know." Indal fooled with the chain on his handcuffs. "Maybe you'll commit a crime and the Council goes after you. It was only a potential future, and it doesn't have to happen. Don't commit any crimes, okay?"
Carda tightened his grip on the steering wheel. "Count on it." All he had to do was imagine how it'd feel to have armor clamp over him and walk him to prison. Carda in the Iron Mask. No thanks.

***

The Iron Seeker deposited Demetrius in a holding cell. Demetrius rose to his feet, dusted off his suit, and surveyed his accommodations with disgust. It was a prison cell with a bed and a toilet, and an immense steel door. The walls looked like concrete, but at Demetrius's touch they shimmered with green fire. Dampening spells to absorb his magic should he try to break out. Curse his own ingenuity--he'd designed these cells himself.
Of course, as the designer, Demetrius also knew the loopholes. He prodded the wall until it glowed, then flicked a tongue of his own magic fire into it. It disappeared into the dampening spell, apparently absorbed without a trace.
Demetrius sat on the bed. All he had to do was wait.
A few hours later, the steel door clanked and slowly swung open. A figure swathed in a black robe stepped inside and closed the door behind him.
Demetrius rose and bowed from the waist. "Hello, Oracle. Thank you for coming so soon."
The hooded figure inclined its head and said in a strong male voice, "You knew your capture was inevitable. What were you thinking, attacking the Strider of Chronos?"
Demetrius studied the cloaked figure. He'd pay money to know the Oracle's identity. So would a great many other people. As it was, the Oracle's fame as a seer was legend, rivaled only by his price. Demetrius raised a finger. "I have to answer with a question. Charge my account."
The Oracle nodded. "Done."
"Do the futures still indicate that Carda Chase brings about my death?"
There was a moment of silence. The Oracle stood still. Demetrius stared at him, waiting, muscles tense.
"Yes," said the Oracle at last. "Your attempts on his life seem to have strengthened the futures leading toward your death event."
Demetrius turned away, cursing under his breath, and smacked one fist into the wall. The pain cooled his anger. He turned back to the Oracle. "My pupil Rayne has stolen an artifact of power. What is his fate?"
The Oracle raised a hand. 
Demetrius snorted. "Charge me."
The Oracle nodded, satisfied. "Rayne's death is very near. Very few futures show otherwise. But his death will eventually lead to your own."
Demetrius bit the inside of his cheek. If Rayne was out of the picture, Demetrius could regain control of the pledgestone and eliminate Carda. No future was ever certain. Then again, maybe prison was the safest place until events calmed down out there. After all, the Subspace Storm was coming. He bowed his head. "Thank you for your wisdom, Oracle."
"Always a pleasure, Demetrius." The Oracle opened the steel door with a security spell, and departed, securing it behind him.
Demetrius stretched out on the bed and folded his hands on his chest. Too bad he wouldn't witness Rayne's death. Inferna would make it slow and entertaining.


Chapter 21

The sun stood overhead by the time Carda made it home. A dozen cars cluttered the driveway and curb, and he was forced to park three doors down. Michelle and Xironi had parked across the street, and awaited him under the shade of the acacia tree in the front yard. Carda hurried to them. "What's going on? Is it the press?"
"No," said Michelle, hands on her hips. "It's Mom's book club."
Carda groaned and closed his eyes. "Why today?"
Xironi glanced at Indal's handcuffs. "Think they'd notice if we teleported inside?"
"Not if we went straight to my room." Carda held out a hand. "Form a chain, everybody. We'll see if I can take us all." He concentrated on a memory of his room, reached out with green fire in his fingertips, and pinched space.
All four of them appeared in Carda's room. Fresh, cold air-conditioning engulfed them. Carda sighed. "Oh man, it feels good in here."
Michelle opened the door and peeked out. Women's voices floated in, talking and laughing. "They're in the living room. I'll try to sneak some hors d'oeuvres from the kitchen."
Carda gave her a thumbs up, and Michelle slipped out.
Xironi claimed the desk chair, and Indal sat on Carda's bed. Both pulled out their cellphones.
Carda leaned against the wall. "This isn't exactly what I had in mind for a victory party."
They stared into their phone screens and didn't answer. 
Ben was coiled around the top of the ceiling fan. He blinked an orange eye at Carda and flicked out his tongue. Carda stuck out his tongue in response.
Michelle reappeared with a plate piled high with tiny cheese squares, rolls of lunch meat, and a box of soda crackers. She set it on Carda's bed along with extra paper plates and four bottles of water. "First course."
As they attacked the food, Xironi said, "Grandpa texted me. There's a disturbance going on in Chandler. It might be Rayne."
Carda licked his fingers. "Good. Let's finish lunch and go get him."
Indal held up his phone. "I got pictures from the Mage News Network. It's a storm somebody let through from an uninhabitable world. They've sent containment mages, but they're having a terrible time. We might need a time-rewind on this one."
"Great," Carda said. "By the way, guess who we saw on the way home?" He recounted the story of Demetrius's capture. Xironi and Michelle gasped in all the right places.
"That's so creepy!" Michelle stacked cheese on a cracker. "Having some suit of armor come after you like that. Do they ever give up?"
"No," Indal said. "They hunt you forever, and you have to sleep sometime."
Xironi shook her head. "I've never seen one, and I never want to. Grandpa's seen them take people who fought to the last. If you fight too much, the armor cuts pieces off you as it fuses together."
Everyone winced.
Cheese and crackers didn't fill the void in Carda's stomach. He needed his strength if he was going to chase after Rayne. "You know, I think our theory about Rayne and Demetrius holds water." Carda detailed it for the girls' benefit. Michelle nodded.
Xironi said, "Maybe he's laying killer traps for you, trying to lure you to your death."
Carda unscrewed a water bottle's lid. "Maybe. You know, when I saw him the first time, he had this black crystal on a string."
"I saw that crystal," Indal said. "He had it last night at Walmart when he killed all those people."
Carda pulled out his phone. "Let me text Dad. He might know what it is." He typed with both thumbs, sent the message, then looked at Xironi."You know space magic. What do you think Rayne's doing?"
Xironi gazed at the carpet, and her tail flicked back and forth. The way her eyebrows drew together and her lips pursed struck Carda as immensely cute. Were all cat-girls this crazy level of attractive?
She met his eyes, and Carda dragged his wandering mind back from the jungle. "Well, it could be a couple of things. First, since he and Demetrius keep trying to bump you off, maybe he's planting traps. Dumb, messy traps. Second, maybe he's trying to open a portal to an unknown location. Sometimes you can screw up a portal that way."
"Not questioning your magical knowledge," Indal said, "but the dude's been turning space inside out. Doesn't seem like portals to me."
Xironi waved a hand. "I'm getting to that. It looks to me like a strider with too much power trying to work a small, precise spell. He keeps getting backlash."
Michelle held up a hand. "I'll get more food. Be right back." She ducked out the door again, and Indal gazed after her a second longer than necessary.
Carda's eyes narrowed. He might have to explain the First Rule of Friendship: never date your friend's sister.
Michelle returned with more lunch meat, a bag of chips, and four slabs of coffee cake.
As they ate, Xironi said, "The black crystal is a clue. Rayne must be boosting his power with it."
"To do what?" Carda said.
Xironi shrugged. "Heck if I know. The thing with the lava monster wrecked all my theories. And now there's this new thing downtown. I don't know what he's trying to do anymore."
Indal tapped his fork against his lips. "So if there were Seekers after Demetrius, they're probably after Rayne, too. So he'll be getting desperate."
Carda gulped down the rest of his food. "Then we'd better stop him before he kills more people."
Indal stood up and dusted crumbs off his shorts. "Dude, what are you, a vigilante?"
"I'm the Strider of Chronos. I've got these powers for a reason. All I need is a cape and a mask."
His cellphone chimed. He pulled it out. "Hey, Dad replied. He says crystals carry and transmit power, so Rayne might be using it as a conduit from somewhere else." 
"A conduit, huh?" Xironi gazed at the ceiling. "Where might he be getting more power?"
Indal shook his head. "Lots of places. He might be killing people and storing their lifeforce in it. That might explain what he was doing at Walmart."
"It's time we stopped him." Carda clenched a fist. "Time to move out."
Xironi smiled. "Yes, why don't we make more room in your car? We can ride together that way."
"Make room in my car? What do you--" As Carda stood, something dragged at his shorts. He half-twisted, thinking he'd caught them on the chair. He was in time to see Ben pull the keys out of his pocket. Then the lizard whisked under the bed.
"Hey!" Carda dove after him and groped under the bed. "Give those back! He's got my keys and medallion!"
Ben backed away from Carda's arms, orange eyes glowing with mischief. He dropped the keys and fingered the medallion in his lizard-hands. "Shiny!"
Indal, Xironi and Michelle dropped to the floor and peered under the bed, too. 
"Oh, come on, Ben," said Michelle, who was nearest. "You can't have that. Give it back." She snatched at the key chain.
Ben grabbed the medallion in his mouth and backed away, keys dangling. Carda grabbed Ben's tail, and the lizard hissed. Then he disappeared, taking the keys with him.
"No!" Carda jumped to his feet, scanning his room. No lizard. "I need those!"
Indal climbed to his feet, grinning, followed by the girls. "I've got this. Watch." He shot a bolt of lightning at the ceiling fan. The lightning spread across the ceiling and walls like neon tree roots. 
Ben appeared, floating on his back like a sea otter, gripping the key chain in his forepaws. He glared at them.
"Come on, now." Indal held out a hand. "That's one shiny you can't have. Give it back."
Ben grabbed the medallion in his mouth and whipped around, as if preparing to flee. "No!" Carda grabbed at the lizard. A green spark flew out of his hand and struck the medallion.
The medallion glowed gold and a silent magical shockwave burst from it. Carda caught it in the chest and staggered backward, as if someone had whacked him with a baseball bat.
Michelle fell down, and Xironi doubled up. Indal gasped and his lightning spell vanished. Ben flopped on Carda's bed, limp and smoking slightly.
Gasping, Carda pulled his key chain out of the lizard's mouth. As soon as his lungs resumed working, he poked Ben's belly. "I think it killed him! Dude, are you alive?"
"Shiny," Ben whispered. He rolled over onto all fours, and sat there, blinking groggily.
Indal, Michelle and Xironi straightened, looking stunned. Xironi rubbed her stomach. "What happened?"
Carda held up his medallion. "This sucker unloaded a ton of magic."
"Is that what that was?" Indal said. "Good grief."
"Be more careful!" Michelle pointed toward the living room. "What if it hit the ladies?"
Carda listened at the door. "Sounds normal out there." He gripped the medallion. "You know, I've been using it as a magic sponge for two days. Do you think it stores up a charge, like a battery?"
"Maybe," Indal said. "Rayne's crystal works that way." He stroked Ben, who sat up and flicked his tongue as he recovered.
Carda stuffed his keys back in his pocket. "That'll teach you for trying to swipe my stuff, you little thief. What were we doing, again?"
Xironi held up a handful of green fire. "We're going to expand your car."


Chapter 22

"I don't see why we have to modify my car," Carda said. "Why not yours?"
The four of them stood outside. Carda and Xironi braved the sunlight at the curb. Indal and Michelle stuck to the shade under a nearby tree, talking in low voices.
"You're not driving my car," Xironi said. "Besides, this will only expand the interior space. The outside will look the same." She gazed at him, all green eyes, dimples and velvety ears.
He couldn't resist her. "Sorry to change the subject, but how are you human-looking when your grandpa's all...tigery?"
Xironi's mouth fell open, then she giggled. "You asked! Nobody ever asks me that. Really, it's how Felicians are. Women look human and men are feline. All humans look like Felician women to us. That's why most Felicians prefer to live on non-human worlds. Earth is disturbing."
"So humans and Felicians never get together and ... I mean, you know, since Felicians are aliens, they can't ..."
Xironi's smile faded.
Open mouth, insert foot, chew thoroughly. "I'm saying this really badly. You know what I mean."
Xironi's smile returned, and her ears flicked back and forth. "Humans and Felicians can intermarry, yes."
Maybe the hot afternoon sun made her cheeks so pink. Carda's damp shirt stuck to his back. He cleared his throat. "Anyway. Sure, work on my car all you want."
Xironi called flame to one finger and stroked the car's frame. She circled the car, then bent to run her finger along the underside.
"What are you doing?"
"Building a wire frame of your car with magic."
Carda tried not to stare at the way her tail attached to her posterior. "Where does the extra space go?"
"A different direction." Xironi finished her outline of the car's interior, then grabbed the cab's rear wall and pulled. The car's inside stretched like warm taffy. The seats slid back from the windshield, leaving three feet of empty floor. 
She nodded at Carda. "Now pull the front seat forward."
Carda grabbed the driver's seat and pulled. It slid forward onto the new floor space, leaving a copy behind.
Now the Roadster had two doors and four seats. Carda walked around it. The body was still the same length. But the inside played tricks on his eyes, like looking at an optical illusion. Those extra seats extended out into a different dimension.
"I'm glad I'm not riding," said Carda.
Ten minutes later, the Miata raced through the Highway's otherworldly darkness. Xironi sat beside Carda, and Michelle and Indal rode in back, heads together.
"...majored in History, because that's a requirement for a Chronomancer, but I'm minoring in law..."
"You wanted to be a lawyer?"
"Yes, but not on Earth. I'm thinking of Laroba, or maybe Skeldril. One of the emerging worlds..."
"You've been to other worlds?"
"Sure, lots of times. Well, two or three times. It's harder for a Chronomancer to travel to other worlds on their own..."
Carda glanced over his shoulder. Michelle might not like Indal so much if she knew how many other girls followed him around. "Such a passionate conversation back there."
"Shut up, Joker Card," Michelle said.
Carda flailed one fist over the seat, but Michelle ducked.
Indal shielded Michelle with one arm. "Hey, worry about driving."
"I am," Carda said. "The Highway's taking its sweet time." He glanced in his rearview mirror at pair of headlights. The other car pulled around him and shot into the darkness ahead. "Uh, was that a Firebird?"
"It was white," Xironi said. "I didn't notice the model."
"You know somebody in a Firebird?" Michelle said.
Carda scowled."Rayne. The guy has no muscle, so he overcompensates. Where's he headed?"
A portal winked into existence ahead, and Carda pulled up to it. Everyone craned their necks to see through.
Rain poured from a gray sky into downtown Chandler. Ice covered everything in a layer of white. An indigo-blue crack stretched across the sky, partially obscured by billowing clouds. Carda pointed. "Well, there's the problem. You see Rayne?"
"Sure, there's rain everywhere," said Indal.
There were no pedestrians in sight, and the road was empty of traffic. Odd.
"I'd better put the top up." Carda unfolded the car's soft top.
Xironi rested her arms on the dashboard and stared through the windshield. "Uh, Carda, I don't think that's ice."
He snapped the top down and sat back in his seat. "What do you mean? Of course it is." He pulled through the portal and turned on his wipers. They barely kept up with the deluge. The tires crunched as if driving on glass, then two tires popped.
Carda slammed a fist on the steering wheel. "Oh great! Now I have to rewind them." 
He started to open his door, but three pairs of hands grabbed his shoulders.
"Don't," Xironi said. "Look!"
The falling rain left a white, icy-looking residue. But this residue grew like spiky grass. In a minute the spikes were an inch long and still growing, fed by the falling rain.
Carda's eyes widened. "Crystals?"
Indal poked the plastic rear window, cracking off the crystal growth. "Mineral rain. From one of the uninhabitable worlds. I don't know how Rayne let this through, but it's bad."
Giant gray crystals protruded from the windows of a mini mart. Two cars lay crushed under a growth of crystals like a giant claw.
A shiver crawled across Carda's shoulders. "Ideas, guys."
The car tilted sideways as crystals pushed up under the wheels.
"See, this is why you should drive a truck," Michelle said, poking the window. "Miatas are too close to the ground."
Carda frowned over his shoulder. "I like my car. It can drift circles around your truck."
Indal leaned forward. "Miatas are chick cars. Also not so good for driving through a mineral forest. Consider swapping for an SUV if you plan to drive on other worlds."
"Thank you, Mister Advice Column." Carda's hands warmed and green fire swirled between his fingers. He'd mend the sky-crack first and impress everybody. He grabbed a fistful of space and pushed gently upward. The sky-crack inched closed.
Not quick enough. The crystals all over his car were growing. Carda grasped space in both hands and pushed.
The crack in the sky closed, and the rain stopped.
But Carda pulled a little too hard, and a new crack tore down the middle of the street. Inside was gray nothingness, and out of it charged a brown hairy elephant.
Xironi screamed and scrambled to her knees in the seat. "You tore the spatial fabric! Put it back, quick!"
Carda shoved at the rift, but space bunched up and refused to slide back together. The brown elephant stopped and raised its trunk.
Indal's face went slack. "Uh, Carda, I think that's your mastodon."
Carda wanted to laugh. "Aw man. Not fair."
Michelle half-crawled over the front seat. "A mastodon? Really? Where'd it come from?"
The mastodon trumpeted. Carda shoved at the torn space, but it hung like a curtain fallen from its rod.
Xironi ignited her own spatial magic and groped around in the air. "Space is still loose from the other portal. There's not enough tension left to close this crack." She flicked her fingers. A long thin dagger appeared in her hands, along with a spool of transparent twine.
Dude. It was a giant needle and thread. "You're going to give the universe stitches?"
"You have a better idea?" She threaded her needle with transparent thread. She opened a portal in front of her, like a window in midair. The gray rift was three inches away on the other side. Xironi jammed her needle into the pavement, worked it behind the rift, and pulled it out on the other side. She pulled the string taut and did it again. The rift pinched closed with every stitch. But the rift was twenty feet long, and Xironi needed time to mend it.
The mastodon stumbled across the road, crystals cracking under its feet. Nearby, something moved in the rift's grayness.
"There wasn't anything in the rift last time," Carda said.
Michelle gripped the back of Xironi's seat. "There's something alive in there. I see it moving."
Something black snaked out of the rift and wriggled through the crystals. Another followed it, then another. They poured through, ten feet long, then twenty feet long, growing thicker and curling toward the mastodon. Vines? Or tentacles? The mastodon tried to run, but stumbled on the crystals. The tentacles wrapped around its hind legs and dragged it backward through the rift.
Then another tentacle slid through and writhed toward the Miata.
Michelle screamed. Xironi sewed in quick jerks of her needle.
Carda crossed his wrists and threw a shield in front of the car. But the tentacle passed straight through it and fingered the crystals on his car's hood. 
"You guys, there's a squid tasting the car. What do I do?"
Indal slipped off his handcuffs. "Let me out."
"You're going to let the wolf bite the tentacle?"
"It worked against the Fatewalker."
Carda opened a portal in the car's side, but dread tore at him. The kraken had dragged off a mastodon--what did Indal expect to do against it?
Indal climbed through the portal, dropped to all fours and shifted into his shaggy wolf form. Then he leaped at the tentacle and sank his teeth into it.
The tentacle flailed like a shovel-chopped earthworm, and flung Indal across the road. He skidded across the spiky ground, and rose to his feet with blood streaming from his shoulders and ribs.
The tentacle shivered back and forth over the car. Then it dropped on the roof. Crystals shattered as the tentacle's black tip crept down the driver's side window. The suction cups spread in white disks against the glass. Carda inhaled and cringed away.
Indal struck the side of the car, rocked it up on two wheels, then let it fall back to earth. Michelle's head slammed into the side window, and she shrieked. Xironi braced a foot against the door and sewed so fast her hands blurred. She'd nearly closed the rift. Only a five-foot section remained, and the tentacles protruded through, mashed together as the hole shrank.
Indal's claws screeched down the car's side as he dragged the tentacle to the ground.
"Watch the paint!" Carda bellowed.
The tentacle hurled Indal into the air. The wolf crashed into a telephone pole and slid to the ground.
Xironi dug her needle into space, and hauled back on the thread with both hands. The rift pressed closed around the tentacles. They curled in pain, then whipped backward into the rift and disappeared. Xironi threw in two more stitches, then cut the thread with her teeth. She flashed Carda a triumphant grin. "Done!"
Carda drew a breath for the first time in almost a minute. The gray, crystal-grown street lightened as if the clouds thinned. "What was that thing?"
"I don't want to know." Xironi slumped back in the seat and tossed her needle and thread away. They vanished.
Michelle uncurled from the back seat and peered out the window. "It wanted to eat us. Poor Indal, he saved us, and now he's hurt."
Indal limped up to the Miata, blood staining his fur. He bared his teeth in a pained smile.
If Carda had fixed his car by rewinding it, it'd work on a person. "Watch this." He whipped a bolt of time lightning at Indal, which curled around the wolf's neck. The bloody slashes on the wolf's body closed up and vanished. Then Indal shrank down into a human again.
Carda let go of the lightning, and opened a portal in the car's side. Man, he needed to figure out how to put working doors in the back seat.
"Wait, what happened?" Indal brushed rainwater off his hair, then climbed back in the car and grabbed his handcuffs. "I took these off a second ago! Where's the tentacle?"
"Dude, you fought it already," Carda said, grinning. "You were all scratched up from the crystals, so I rewound you."
"You did what?" Indal smashed both fists on the top of Carda's seat. "You idiot! You never rewind people! Now my memory's all screwed up! How much time passed?"
"It was only a few minutes, Indal," Michelle said, patting his back. "Your wolf form was really bloody."
"That's no excuse!" Indal snarled as he snapped his handcuffs back on. "Did you fix the crystals yet?"
Carda bristled, ready to snap at Indal--then he turned away and drew a deep breath. Control. This was the second time he'd used semi-illegal magic on Indal. He'd better knock it off before he killed the guy. Keeping his voice calm, Carda said, "I hadn't fixed the crystals yet. I'm open to suggestions."
Indal sighed and massaged his eyebrows. "I think I already told you, we'll do an area time reversal."
"Won't that rewind a bunch of people's personal timelines?"
"It's not the same. They'll still be synchronized to the local timeline. You knocked me out of sync and I'll have to fix it when I get home."
Xironi folded her arms. "Boys, less fighting, more magic, please."
Carda called up purple lightning. "I'm sorry, all right? Now, help me save the world."
Indal heaved a sigh and summoned his own lightning. "Right, whatever. Let your lightning walk out as far as you can. Pump in all your power. Girls, if you'd be so kind--"
Michelle and Xironi laid their hands on Carda's shoulders. Carda's string of lightning widened to a fat, bright bolt. Carda hung a hand out the side window and the lightning arced into the clouds. Indal added another. The bolts flickered and danced like spider legs.
Michelle's hand left Carda's shoulder. He glanced around. She'd moved her hand to Indal's shoulder, and she shot Carda a smug smile. A growl threatened to rise from Carda's throat. He channeled it into words. "Right, now what?"
Indal's eyes followed the lightning bolts, unblinking. "Wait for it."
Carda waited. Michelle's hand placement was no big deal. This way everybody got a power boost. Right, he'd keep telling himself that.
Hundreds of lightning bolts shot down from the clouds . They touched cars, rooftops, the points of crystals, and telephone poles. But no thunder accompanied the light show.
"Pull slowly," Indal said.
Carda wound the lightning around his wrist, and the invading crystals shrank to nothing. The car lurched as its popped tires refilled. He couldn't repress a grin. "Man, this is awesome! Could I stop a hurricane this way?"
Indal never looked away from the magic. "With enough power, yes."
Xironi pointed. "Hey, look. You caught Rayne in the time-rewind."
Outside on the street, Rayne stood with both hands upraised, burning with green and red fire, apparently in the midst of opening the portal for the mineral rain. A ghostly portal flickered in the sky.
"Ignore him for now," Indal said. "We have to finish this spell."
Carda and Indal pulled the lightning in handfuls, and the clouds poured back through the portal. 
Once the sky cleared, Carda released his hold on the lightning. It flickered out, and a strain inside him relaxed. He sank back in his seat and panted like he'd run a marathon.
Rayne spun and stared at them, mouth hanging open.
Carda flung back the car's top and yanked out his keys. Everyone scrambled out of the car. Rayne reached out with one hand afire with green, and vanished.
"Oh no you don't!" Xironi yelled, and disappeared.
Carda scanned the street. "I thought teleports were broken!"
"Not short-range ones, obviously." Indal waved a hand. "Go after them!"
"I can't go after them if I don't know where they went!"
Rayne and Xironi reappeared in the middle of the road, both running flat out. Carda ran to head Rayne off, but Rayne and Xironi disappeared again.
"What is that thing?" Michelle exclaimed.
Carda turned. A monstrous black suit of armor walked down the road, stiff-legged, following in Rayne's wake. 
Carda performed a tiny dance. "Yes! A Seeker's after Rayne! All we have to do is sit back and watch the fireworks!"
But Rayne and Xironi didn't reappear. Indal and Michelle stepped beside him, and they waited. Carda had time to notice how much his shoulders ached, and how his core trembled with exhaustion. Or maybe the crackers and cake hadn't filled him up. Images of food flashed through his mind's eye. Maybe a steak taco and burrito combo, and a tall, syrupy Dr. Pepper. Then he happened to look over his shoulder.
Rayne stood behind the Miata. He met Carda's eye and smiled.
Carda bolted toward him. "Stay away from my car!" His keys jingled in his pocket--Rayne couldn't start the car--
Rayne leaped inside, gunned the engine with a fistful of green magic, and spun the car onto the road. Carda grabbed space and tried to teleport into his car, but it had escaped out of range. Carda's short teleport carried him to the edge of the street, where he landed on all fours. "No!" He leaped to his feet and ran back to Indal. "Rewind time! Bring him back!"
Indal pointed at something behind Carda. "You might want to move."
A black metal hulk loomed over Carda, arms at its sides, blank face turned toward him. Carda pointed. "Rayne went that way. Hear me? Over there!"
The Seeker's head flipped off and clunked over Indal's head.
Michelle grabbed the helmet. "No! He's the wrong one!"
Indal tried to pull off the helmet, but the armor slid over his arms, breaking the handcuff chain. Metal clamped around his legs and engulfed his torso. "I didn't do anything!" he yelled inside the armor. "I'm not Rayne!"
Carda pulled Michelle away from the golem as it clanked away. "We can't stop it."
"Why him?" Tears glistened in Michelle's eyes. "Why not Rayne? Was it because of the time reversal?"
The Iron Seeker faded from sight like a ghost. Carda's stomach plunged into his socks. Weren't the Seekers totally accurate? How had it taken the wrong prisoner? Unless Indal had committed a crime and forgotten to mention it. Carda snarled and beat a fist against his thigh. His car had been stolen and Indal had been captured. Things couldn't possibly get worse.
Xironi walked up the sidewalk, ears and tail drooping. She took Carda's hand. "I'm so sorry. I tried to catch Rayne, but space is so messed up, I teleported all over the place instead."
Carda looked into her face and squeezed her warm hand. He wanted to wrap his arms around her and rub his cheek against her auburn hair. Instead he said, "What do we do about Indal?"
Xironi closed her eyes and sighed. "The Seeker took him to the Council. We'll ask the Highway to take us straight to where he's being held. A portal to the Council will only drop us in the terminal."
"Right." Carda opened a portal to the Highway.


Chapter 23

Rayne sped north up the 101 in Carda's sweet little Miata. He laughed aloud. A ripple of power flowed from his right forefinger into the key slot, letting him operate the car as if it was hot-wired. Inferna had some totally sweet powers! He kicked the clutch and shifted into fourth gear, and the car bucked. He hadn't driven a stick shift in years. Tearing up the transmission served Carda right for ruining Rayne's spell.
He wove through a convoy of semi trucks. He drafted behind one and downshifted, grinding the gears. This Miata handled like a dream! Not as much power as his Firebird, but man, could it maneuver. Maybe he'd keep the Miata for now. Switch out the plates and file off the VIN number, and he'd be set. There might be a way to use his new magic to change its color.
Carda's face had been priceless.
The interchange to Highway 60 appeared ahead, and Rayne ducked down the off ramp. Time to hide this baby and teleport back to the Firebird. Revenge complete. He skidded around a corner and rocketed down a residential street, driving too fast with adrenaline tingling through his veins.
The air thickened around Rayne. Long black streamers oozed out of nowhere and reached for the car. Inferna's power! She'd said it would gather to him. He took his hand off the steering wheel and reached for it.
Magic shot into him like a lightning bolt. It overflowed out of his other hand, which still conducted magic into the key slot, and the engine died. Rayne glanced at the speedometer as the needle lost power. Sixty miles an hour. He grabbed the steering wheel and stood on the brake.
The front wheels locked, and the car's back end fishtailed. The steering wheel spun in his hands with the car's entire weight behind it. Why had he always taken power steering for granted? Rayne hauled the steering wheel the other way as the Miata headed for a telephone pole.
The car went into a slide, back end swinging in an arc, and hit the pole broadside. Metal crunched and glass shattered.
Rayne opened his eyes and peeled his hands off the steering wheel. The driver's side was okay, but the entire passenger side was crumpled around the telephone pole. Sparks drifted from the transformer overhead.
Swearing, Rayne kicked the door open and staggered away from the car. Pain shot through his right hip, and he couldn't stand up straight. So much for his new toy. Wait until Carda got wind of this. Rayne's lips contorted halfway between a smile and a sneer. That'd teach him.
Damn, why'd he have to live in the desert? The noon sun poured down, burning Rayne's whole body. He reached the far end of the street, turned the corner, then stepped under the wispy shade of a palm tree. Injuries, lurking magic exhaustion, and a wrecked car. He pulled the pledgestone from under his shirt. "Inferna, I failed again."
"Thanks to the Strider of Chronos, yes," said Inferna. "Don't worry, dear. The time of reckoning is at hand. Draw on my power to heal yourself. The remainder of my power is coming for you, and you must be ready."
Rayne smiled at the pledgestone.

***

The Highway echoed with three people's hurried footsteps. Michelle walked few steps behind Carda and Xironi. She didn't want them to notice her wiping her eyes. Good grief, why was she crying? Maybe it was the shock of seeing Indal gobbled up by the armor and carried off to who-knows-where. Michelle forced back a sob. Get a grip. You can't talk when you're all weepy.
"The Council's holding cells, please, Highway," Xironi panted, holding her side. "Any time now."
"Why did it take him?" Michelle still sounded teary to herself. "He hasn't done anything wrong!"
"I thought for sure that Seeker was after Rayne." Xironi dropped back beside Michelle and put an arm around her shoulders."Are you okay?"
Michelle nodded and forced a smile. Small guide lights glimmered along the edges of the Highway, but here in its center, the darkness was almost complete. Xironi's face was a silhouette with a dim suggestion of eyes. Once in a while they glinted green, like a cat's.
Carda slowed to walk beside the girls. "It doesn't make sense! Unless Indal is a criminal."
Xironi's ears flicked up and down. "I know Indal would never commit a crime...but maybe the wolf did something. Like this morning after he left."
Michelle's heart clenched. "Carda, remember that article I sent you about coyotes eating cats and dogs?"
He nodded.
Michelle's lips would hardly form the words. "There was another article later...about two people. Killed by coyotes."
"Oh no," Xironi whispered.
Carda swore. "Why didn't you mention this before?"
Dread buried Michelle under its weight and a fresh lump welled up in her throat.
Xironi answered for her, "We were busy with Lava McMonster, remember?"
Michelle glanced into the blackness outside the Highway, as lightning flashed through boiling clouds. So there was an atmosphere in this place. Not like it mattered. The cute, funny guy with sadness in his eyes was a man-eater.
"I don't imagine the Council will appreciate a murder charge," Carda said.
Xironi shook her head. "No. Spliced people vanish after the first offense."
"So we'd better hurry up and get to the Council." Carda cupped his hands around his mouth. "Hey Highway! Council portal, please!"
Lightning rippled through the clouds to their left. Thunder vibrated the concrete underfoot. Michelle blinked. "Is that normal?"
"Is what normal?" Xironi said.
Michelle pointed. "Thunderstorms." More lightning branched through the clouds in a glowing white fan.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Xironi said. "There's nothing beyond the Highway. It has its own bubble of air and everything."
Michelle frowned. "You don't see that? Then why do I see it?"
Carda stopped and laid a hand on her shoulder. "You see lightning?"
"Yeah, it's going crazy. Thunder, too."
Carda followed Michelle's gaze for a long moment. "Xironi, if she can see something we can't, what's that mean?"
Xironi stood beside them and her tail twitched. "If we were anywhere but the Highway, I'd say she was upset and hallucinating. But this is the Highway. It tends to work on the wavelength of the individual brain. Michelle, did you ask the Highway anything?"
Lightning flashed in a blinding jagged bolt. Thunder crackled Michelle's eardrums. But the flash had revealed something in the clouds. A human shape the size of a skyscraper. Michelle's limbs went light and fluid, ready to flee for her life. "Guys, can we leave?"
No answer. Michelle spun in a circle. "Carda! Xironi!" She was alone in the middle of the dark, infinite Highway.
"Hello dear," whispered a voice. "How did you get lost so far from Earth?"
More lightning lit up the sky. The human shape was a black hole in the clouds, unchanging despite the rolling atmosphere.
Michelle ran, feet flying. Her heart fluttered in her chest like a bird's wings.
The lightning flashed again and the voice spoke out of the thunder. "Run, run, little darling. I'll eat you in the end."
"Carda!" Michelle shrieked. Lightning flashed on either side of the Highway. Her shadow sprang left, then right. The human-shaped hole in the clouds blinked closer and closer to the road.
Something long and thin dropped to the Highway, and writhed in her direction like a snake. A scream stuck in her throat.
More snakes dropped from the clouds and coiled toward her. Lightning highlighted the suction cups on their underbellies. 
She glanced into the darkness overhead, but instead of a pulsating kraken body, the tentacles faded into the black human-shaped hole.
Michelle wrapped her arms around her head and ran shrieking among the tentacles. Her dancing prowess aided her in avoiding them. A cold, slimy tentacle coiled around her arm. Screaming, Michelle backed away, feet hammering out a fast-paced pony-step. Gravity increased. The tentacle sagged and its suckers lost their hold.
A hundred feet up the road, a light winked into existence. A small figure stood with green fire blazing in both hands. Had the storm shuffled them around in space?
"Xironi!" Michelle screeched.
"Michelle!" Xironi yelled. "Help me!"
A dark lump stretched out on the highway behind her. Carda lay on his side, eyes open.
Michelle's chest heaved. "What's wrong with him?"
"I don't know, he collapsed! Don't let it get him!"
The hanging tentacles drifted toward them in a bunch. Was there a giant jellyfish up there in the clouds? Michelle grabbed her brother's arms and hauled him upright with her panic-strength. "Carda! Wake up before it eats us!"
As the first tentacle looped toward them, Xironi karate-chopped with one glowing hand. Half the tentacle dropped to the Highway, lashing and writhing.
"How'd you do that?" 
Xironi stood with her feet planted wide apart, arms raised, tail arched. "Combat moves! Highway, get us out of here!"
A blue portal shimmered into sight five feet away. Michelle hauled Carda through it, his feet scraping the asphalt. 
Xironi backed toward the portal, making more chopping motions that severed oncoming tentacles.
The portal had opened to Michelle and Carda's front yard, and hundred-degree heat hit her like a wall. Michelle dragged Carda to the lawn instead of letting him scorch on the driveway. She wanted to sit beside him and cry, or hide in the back of her closet. "Carda! Wake up!"
Carda blinked and squinted at her. "Mish? Gross, don't get tears on me!" 
Michelle laughed and wiped her eyes. "We saved you from a tentacle monster on the Highway."
Carda crawled to his hands and knees, sweat beading on his face. "I was driving around Phoenix, and this silhouette with tentacles was making fun of me. It was destroying everything and I couldn't stop it."
Michelle offered him a hand. "You dreamed that?"
Carda grabbed her hand and slowly stood. He rubbed a hand over his face. "It wasn't a dream. It was like I was stuck in my own mind. And you really battled it?"
"It's eight tentacles fewer." Xironi held up one hand and blew off imaginary smoke.
Michelle didn't mention the voice that promised to eat her. If it'd been messing with Carda's mind, maybe it'd messed with her, too. She wiped her moist eyes with one wrist. "And we never did find Indal."
"The Highway couldn't reach him. I guess the holding cells are too heavily warded." Xironi pushed her hair off her neck. "We'll have to go through the whole bureaucratic process--file paperwork, make statements, all that junk."
Michelle folded her arms, trying to look tougher than she felt. "I guess we can't do a jailbreak, huh?"
Xironi shook her head. "It's against Council law, like it is on Earth. Of course, you're under the radar as an uneducated citizen, so you could break him out and only get a slap on the wrist."
Michelle's eyes widened. "You're serious?"
Xironi smirked. "Pff, not really. A crime's a crime." She sighed and her ears flattened. "I wish it were that easy, though."
Carda shook his head at them. "You girls scare me sometimes." He staggered toward the house and dropped to one knee. "Man, I can't hardly--"
Michelle and Xironi grabbed his arms and hoisted him up. Together they hauled him indoors. Abigail clattered in the kitchen, cleaning up from her book club. Michelle willed her not to notice them as they helped Carda down the hall to his room.
"Michelle?" her mother called.
Michelle grimaced. She let Carda slide off her shoulder onto his bed.
"Could you get me an ice pack?" he whispered.
Michelle nodded and hurried out of the room. Her mother stood in the kitchen doorway. "Was that you I saw earlier, pilfering food?"
"Yeah Mom." Michelle put on her most pitiful face. "Carda and I came home and we'd forgotten about your book club, but we still wanted lunch."
Her mother sighed. "You never found the sandwiches in the fridge, did you?"
Michelle opened the fridge and found a plastic bag full of immense club sandwiches. Her heart warmed, and she threw her arms around her mother's neck. "Thanks, Mom!"
Her mother smiled and resumed loading the dishwasher.
Michelle grabbed an ice pack out of the freezer instead of the sandwiches and hurried back to Carda's room.
Carda lay on his back, staring at the ceiling. Xironi turned to Michelle, eyes round and ears flattened. "He's on the edge of a trance. I don't know how to help him."
"It's coming," Carda whispered.
Michelle pressed the ice pack to his forehead. He flinched at its touch, and his eyes focused on her. "Check the wards. Get Mom into her room if you can. It's coming."

***

Indal lay on his cot in a cell in the Institute. The only window was a square of light in the ceiling ten feet overhead. 
Holding up his hands, he examined the snapped handcuffs. He'd had the wolf under control! That was why he'd been arrested, right? He had eaten a couple of cats and a dog, but the cats were strays. The dog was an annoying yap-yap who wriggled through a hole in its fence to attack him. He'd eaten it in self-defense.
The door clicked, and Indal stood up. A man with salt and pepper hair and a youthful face stepped in, dressed in black robes. Indal gulped. "Uh, hello."
The stranger held out a hand. "Indalrion Tay? I'm Jonas of the High Council."
Indal shook hands, aware of the chain dangling from his wrist. Would the broken handcuffs keep him from transforming? The last thing he needed was to accidentally maul a High Council member. He cleared his throat. "So, why am I here, exactly?"
"That's why I've come to talk to you." Jomas's pale gray eyes scrutinized Indal's face. "Our intelligence reports that you are spliced with a garwaf. Is that true?"
Indal nodded. "These handcuffs used to keep me from transforming, but the Iron Seeker broke the chain."
Jonas lifted Indal's wrist by the chain and ran the links through his fingers. "Hm. Feels like Harthur Heartlight's work."
"His granddaughter gave them to me, sir."
Jonas's eyes flicked to Indal's face. "How well do you control your other form?"
Indal shifted his weight from foot to foot. "Well, I'm pretty aware of what's going on. But it has really strong instincts."
"Are you aware that at five eleven this morning, two people in Scottsdale were discovered with their throats torn out?"
Indal's hands and feet went cold. "No, I wasn't aware of that."
"What did you do this morning, Indal?"
Indal's knees gave out, and he sat on his cot. He leaned his elbows on his knees and combed his hands through his black hair. "Well sir, I let the wolf out, and it was hungry. So I let it eat two cats and a dog. The news blamed it on coyotes. I meant to pay for them later."
"But no humans."
Indal met Jonas's eyes. "No humans. I swear."
Jonas stared at him in silence. After a long moment he said, "I believe you. Unfortunately, the rest of the Council aren't as lenient as I am. Your trial begins in five minutes. Come with me."
Indal shuffled out of his cell behind Jonas. Now he was in for it. Maybe they'd let him call Carda. Surely the Strider of Chronos had clout in this place.

***

"Yes, I wear ears and a tail," Xironi said to Abigail. Xironi reached behind her and swung her tail back and forth. "Sometimes it looks like they move."
Abigail gazed at her, eyebrows puckered. "You kids and your clothing styles." She raised her eyebrows and shrugged. "All right, then. You're one of Michelle's friends?"
"And Carda's."
Abigail shot her a different sort of look. "Oh really. Where did you two meet?"
"Oh, we met at school."
"You go to Sun Valley High, too?"
Xironi nodded and kept her tail from twitching. "Senior, same as Carda. I want to major in physics, so I'm taking the college prep classes." Because space magic involved lots of that.
Xironi's cellphone rang, cutting the conversation short. She pulled it out. "My grandpa. Probably wondering where I am."
"Better take it, then," Abigail said. "I'll be in my office."
Xironi hurried into the living room and answered the call. "Hi Grandpa."
"Hello Xironi," Harthur's voice sounded tired. "Were you aware of a spatial anomaly down in Chandler?"
Xironi related the tale of the crystal rain. She also told him about Indal's arrest and meeting a monster storm on the Highway, and how Carda still hadn't recovered.
Michelle looked in, her red braid beginning to frizzle. "Xironi, Carda says get wards up now!"
Xironi nodded and molded space into a clay-like ball. On the other end of the line, her grandfather said, "You're certain you saw tentacles come through the rift, and again on the Highway? They weren't snakes, for instance?"
Shivers rippled down Xironi's back and through her tail. "No, they had suckers on them. Definitely tentacles. I cut some of them off myself."
Harthur sighed. "I was afraid of this. Do you remember the Subspace Storm that destroyed Felixia?"
Screams and roaring wind swirled through Xironi's memory. "Yes."
"It's hours from breaking through onto Earth. I have to send you off-world immediately."
Xironi's fingers squashed through her ball of magic and she had to start over. "That's what those tentacles were?"
"Yes, love."
"What about you?"
"I'm staying behind with Rick and the others to preserve what we can."
"What about Carda and Michelle?"
"We need Carda's strength," said Harthur. "He has to stay. If you can persuade others to evacuate, take them, too."
Xironi stuck her magic ball above the back door and her tail shivered again. "But Carda's sick or something! He met the Storm and said it got into his head."
Harthur was silent a moment. "I'm afraid our newest Strider of Chronos may also have the shortest time in that office."
"You think he'll die?" Xironi gripped the phone.
"Mortals were never meant to commune with such beings. Ward him. Tell him that you're evacuating. And Xironi, you will evacuate. No changing your mind and staying here. Understand?"
"Yes, Grandpa," Xironi said in a small voice.


Chapter 24

"Stop here."
Rayne stopped. Inferna had guided him to the same neighborhood he'd turned inside out last night. He rubbed sweat out of his eyes with one trembling arm. "Why here?"
"You don't want him to see you, darling," Inferna said. "Do you see that spot on the road, near your feet?"
A tar patch over a pothole.
"Hang your crystal over that."
Rayne sat on the curb and pulled his necklace over his head. He rested his arm on his knee as he dangled the pledgestone over the tar. The world seemed overexposed, the shadows too long, the sun too bright. Sweat dripped off the end of his nose. "When I have all of your power, will I feel better?"
The smile oozed through Inferna's voice. "You'll never feel pain again."
The tar bubbled. Little rootlets sprouted out of it and crawled across the sidewalk toward Rayne's shoe.
"Here is your power," Inferna whispered. "Accept it into your being. It is a gift."
Rayne held out a hand to the roots. They flicked onto his hand and gripped his fingers, warm and sticky. It crawled up his arm to his neck, and wrapped around it. He choked and grabbed at it, but his fingers slid through. The tar oozed across his chest, arms and face, squeezing him until his bones creaked. Rayne tried to gasp for air, but his lungs compressed.
"Accept it!" Inferna said in his ear. "This is your power!"
Rayne forced himself to relax. This was the rest of Inferna's power, and her gift to him. Surely the discomfort was his own fault for being weak.
The world darkened, and voices screamed inside his head. Each voice was connected to a tormented face. They crowded into Rayne's mind, crushing his consciousness aside. Then a larger mind entered, capsizing his consciousness like a boulder on a foundering rowboat. 
As he sank, Inferna said, "Thank you for giving me access to the physical world again, dear. I'll make sure you die slowly."

***

Xironi ran around Carda's house, sticking warding spells over the exterior doors and windows. The trickiest one was the window in Abigail's office, but Xironi flicked it across the room, where it stuck to the wall like a spitball. Carda's wards gleamed alongside her own. Good. Two layers.
Xironi hurried back to Carda's room. "I warded the house."
Carda sat on the edge of his bed, red hair sticking up where he'd dragged his fingers through it. "Good. It's almost here." Michelle hovered nearby, chewing her lower lip. Carda nodded at her. "Xironi, is there somewhere safe you could send her?"
"Yeah!" Michelle twisted her braid around one hand. "Would it be too hard to let me check on Indal?"
"Oh, sure," said Xironi. "That is, if portals haven't gone the way of teleports." She traced a rectangle of green fire on the wall, which swirled open to reveal the Council's receiving terminal. 
Xironi exhaled. "Portals still work."
Michelle hurried through. Xironi closed the portal. At the Council, Michelle was safe from the Subspace Storm. 
She rolled more warding magic between her fingers, and admired Carda's Heavenborne posters. "At least you have good taste in music."
Carda held his head in both hands. "Any other time, I'd think that remark was totally hot."
Xironi flattened one ear and pursed her lips. "Any other time, huh? Meaning you're in no condition to flirt right now?"
This time Carda looked up, and a smile flickered across his face. "I'm completely wiped out and I keep hearing voices. And now a catgirl is standing in my room, acting catty. This has been a really weird day."
"Weird in a good way, I hope." Xironi smiled at him and tilted her head. Inside she ached at the thought of leaving him alone to fight the Storm. Better flirt with him while she had the chance. Of course, she could always disobey her grandpa and stay here. But rushing wind and screaming voices lurked in her subconscious, buried there since she was four. She couldn't face it again.
A shadow fell across the wall. A tentacle curled across the glass, leaving wet smears. A second one crept after it. Xironi shuddered and touched the house's wards. They stretched tight, threatening to pop.
Carda glanced up and leaped to his feet, eyes wide. "What the crap?"
"That's dark magic trying to break the wards. We've got to do something!"
"Like what?" Carda's pupils shrank to tiny pinpricks. "I'm only half here, Xironi. There's a monster thing outside. Like a black hole shaped like a person."
Xironi pressed both hands to her mouth. "The Storm! Grandpa said it was almost here!" She fired off a text message to Michelle, then grabbed the Manual off Carda's desk and thrust it at him. "Here! See if there's some big bad spell you can do!"
Carda's hands closed on the book as he stared into space. Then he shook himself and flipped it open to the back.
Lightning cracked outside. The tentacles vanished in black smoke.
"Oh heck, there went my wards." Xironi dashed out of the room, forming clay-like balls in both hands, and flinging them at the windows. Only the wards along the front of the house had fallen, and Xironi had them back up in less than a minute. Carda's wards had dimmed.
A black tentacle oozed under the front door. Xironi stomped on it, and it writhed out again. A chill crept through her chest as she hurried back to Carda. "Find anything?"
Carda licked a finger and turned a page. "Not yet. There's magical nukes in here, but I don't want to turn Phoenix into a crater."
The fur on Xironi's tail stood on end. "That's in the Manual?"
Carda snorted. "Everything's in the Manual." He paused, eyebrows drawing together. Then he held out the book. "How's this?"
Xironi glanced at it. A spell to drop a magic shield over a thousand-foot area. "That might work. Doesn't look lethal, anyway."
Carda glanced at the window as more tentacles squirmed across it. "Let's go in the living room."

***

Michelle wandered the endless corridors of the Chronostrider Council building. People hurried everywhere. Well-dressed people in business suits, normal people in street clothes, and foreign-looking people from other worlds.
"Sheesh, it's worse than the DMV." 
A sign marked Information directed her to a man sitting behind a desk.
"Hi! Indalrion Tay was brought here earlier, and I'm trying to find him."
"Your name, please."
"Michelle Chase."
The man froze and raised one eyebrow at her. "Relative of Carda Chase?"
"He's my twin brother."
The man pointed a finger at her, which swirled with blue magic. Then he tapped keys on an old-fashioned typewriter. "Indalrion Tay is currently on trial in the High Council Chambers. You may view the trial from outside." He handed her a paper with instructions typed on it.
"Thanks." Wow, she didn't need identification? That was magic for you.
It took five minutes of fast walking to reach the chamber. Goodness--she'd been in airports smaller than this building! Michelle turned down the final hallway with a pair of enormous oak doors at the end. She hurried toward them.
Voices reverberated through the doors, and one was cracked open. Trying not to pant, Michelle peeked inside.
The Council chamber was shaped like an amphitheater, with a flat floor space and raised seats above it. But the seats sat atop a fifteen foot wall, as if they often tried dangerous monsters.
Indal stood before the Council, handcuffed and head bowed.
Above him, an old man with wispy white hair read from a clipboard. "A spliced being is dangerous at the best of times, but Tay has the misfortune to be spliced with a garwaf from Psellugu, some dozen worlds distant. We have a report that he has killed two people."
Indal lifted his head. "I didn't do it!"
The wispy-haired spokesman leaned back and looked at his colleagues. "He denies the charges."
A younger man with gray hair and a beard leaned forward. "Can you prove your innocence?"
Michelle bit her lip. Indal had done his best to maul a Fatewalker. A human being wouldn't stand a chance against him.
"I checked back through the wolf's memories," Indal said. "I ate two cats and a dog. No people."
"But you have no concrete evidence? No alibi?"
Indal hesitated. "No. But scry my timeline! You'll see!"
The spokesman ignored him and flipped a paper on his clipboard. "Our records indicate that you were in the area at the time that the murders occurred."
Michelle missed the next part, because her cellphone chimed, and she fumbled in her pocket to silence it. 
A text from Xironi. Monster attacking the house! Need help!
Michelle gripped her phone. Fresh dread sank through her. It had to be the thing from the Highway. She needed Indal free, now!
Indal was saying, "The wolf wouldn't have killed a human anyway, because humans smell really bad. When it--when I'm transformed, I don't like humans at all."
"That is subjective," the spokesman said. "Garwafs are famous for slaughtering humans. Have you anything else to add in your defense?"
There was a long pause as Indal stood there, staring into space.
One of the council members muttered, "Time lag."
Indal caught up. He looked at the implacable faces of the Council. "No. But can't someone here undo the splice?"
"No," said the spokesman. "Only the Strider of Chronos has a hope of undoing such a complex spell. The safest option is to execute you here."
"No," gasped Indal as if they had punched him in the stomach. "Scry my timeline! Please!"
"We must deliberate." The spokesman turned to the others, and the Council leaned together, murmuring.
Michelle backed away from the door. Execute Indal? But that wasn't fair! They were going on circumstantial evidence. They wanted to kill him for being spliced. She looked down at the message on her phone. Carda and Xironi needed help.
...You could probably break him out and only get a slap on the wrist.
She had magic, didn't she?

***

Carda and Xironi hurried down the hall, glancing into Abigail's office on the way. She typed away at her keyboard, oblivious.
"Can't she see this stuff?" Xironi said as they entered the living room.
"I don't think she can. Dad keeps everything a secret from her, too." Carda spun and swore, ducking something invisible. "The tentacles are in the house!"
"Where?" said Xironi, calling fire to her hands. "I can't see them!"
Carda stared around the room, then flung himself behind the couch. "They're coming through the front door!"
The Storm was still partially inside Carda's head, so this attack was aimed at him. Xironi snarled and ran to the front door. Black tar oozed underneath it. She rolled double-charged wards in both hands and stuck them to the bottom of the door.
Something squealed like a pig, and the tar squelched out of sight.
"It's gone! Oh man, thank you so much!" Panting, Carda opened the Manual on the coffee table. "How do I draw a magic circle?"
Xironi leaned over the book, swinging her hair out of the way. "Oh, it's a ritual. Usually you do circles with chalk, but you can use blood, or string, or anything that'll form an unbroken line."
Carda jerked his head at the glass cases full of his father's artifacts. "There's all those."
Xironi bit her lips. "It's your dad's stuff. Should you call him first?
"By the time I got through his voicemail, that thing will have eaten us all." Carda opened the glass cases and scooped out jewelry, scepters and amulets. "Man, these things glow like crazy. Maybe having a foot in another world is a good thing."
Xironi shoved the coffee table back against the couch. "Not if you want to stay sane."
"Good point."

***

Indal fought rising panic. Surely they wouldn't execute him right now. Surely they'd show mercy! All someone had to do was scry his movements! They'd see who really killed those people.
"Oh God, don't let them do this to me," he begged inside his head. "I'll learn to control the wolf. I swear I won't let him hurt anybody." He clasped his hands in his broken handcuffs. "Just get me out of here alive somehow--"
The room lurched sideways. Indal staggered and hit the wall under the Council seats. Up top, people thumped and swore. An earthquake? The room tilted the other direction. Indal slid across the smooth floor toward the chamber doors.
The doors crashed open. Michelle danced there, eyes bright. Her red hair had come loose from her braid and hung around her face in loops. How had he never noticed how impossibly beautiful Michelle was?
Michelle grabbed his arm and yanked him out the door.
The ground tilted and Indal's shoes slipped across the polished marble. "What are you doing?"
"Getting you out of here," Michelle said through her teeth. "Monsters are attacking our house."
"What?"
The world flickered, and Michelle appeared ten feet away. She ran back to him. "What happened?"
"Time lag," growled Indal. "Thank your brother."
They careened around a corner, and Michelle's run changed to a graceful, twirling ballet. Gravity slanted the other way. People fell and shrieked all around them, but Michelle and Indal ran downhill. Behind them, people shouted about an escaping prisoner. 
Indal laughed. "Do you know how many laws you're breaking?"
"I don't care." Michelle stopped dancing, and gravity returned to normal. 
They ducked through a doorway and entered the Arrival terminal. Portals glowed every twenty feet. People stood in lines with passports in hand.
"Which one is Earth?" Michelle panted.
"The nearest blue one," Indal gasped. "They'll catch us if we try to go through."
"Let 'em try." Michelle released his arm and began a dance consisting of high kicks. Indal watched, open-mouthed. How did she move like that in jeans?
Gravity tilted downhill again, and everyone in line shrieked and tumbled away from the portals. Michelle and Indal hurled themselves down the incline toward the Earth portal and leaped through.
The portal placed them according to their brainwaves, dropping them at the end of Michelle and Carda's street. Michelle broke into a sprint. "Come on, run!"
"What exactly are we fighting?" gasped Indal, pelting after her. If only he was in better shape! He couldn't keep up with a dancer.
"Monsters!"
"Great." Indal fumbled in his pocket for the key to the handcuffs, unlocked them and handed them to Michelle. "When we get there, stay away from me."
Michelle grabbed his arm and pulled him along. "Yeah, I know. It's the other monsters I'm worried about."

***

Carda and Xironi arranged the artifacts in a circle with an X through it. Shivers rippled down Xironi's arms, making her hands shake. Somewhere deep inside her, a young girl cried in the night for her mother amid rain, cold and distant thunder. 
She sat on her heels and checked Carda's face. He crouched over the circle, eyes unfocused, jaw slack. "Carda?"
"It's no use," he said, only his mouth moving. "The Storm's begun devouring Earth space. We can't stop it. We might as well give up."
The whole house squashed sideways, and another set of wards gave way with a series of bangs like firecrackers. Xironi gasped and forced herself to her feet. The walls righted themselves like seaweed in a tide.
Carda shook himself and blinked at Xironi. "It's going to break through! I've got to do this spell now!"
More black tentacles looped over the couch, feeling their way along, curling toward Xironi's ankles. She stifled a shriek and danced backward. Carda hurled fire at them. Two tentacles recoiled, but five more took their place. The room darkened as more tentacles pressed against the windows, the suckers gripping the glass.
Xironi chopped a mass of tentacles with magic, teeth clenched and eyes open so wide she feared her eyeballs would pop out. She would not scream!
Carda looked around the room. "This is bad!"
Xironi chopped another tentacle as it curled around her leg. "Don't stop!"

***

Michelle and Indal stood halfway down the street from the house, staring.
A human figure stepped into the street in front of the Chase's house, black as charcoal from head to foot. A swarm of curling tentacles radiated from it, and encased the Chase's home in blackness.
"It's like that scene from Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea," Indal said. "Only with a black squid-man."
"What is he?" Michelle backed away a few steps and shivered.
"No idea." Indal rolled his shoulders and cracked his neck. "He looks strong enough to kill the wolf, though."
"Will that free you?"
"No. Because of the splice, both bodies share one life. They both live or they both die."
Neither spoke for a moment. Michelle twisted her fingers in her ragged braid. She'd sentenced herself to jail time for Indal. She couldn't lose him so suddenly. Her mouth went dry and her eyes burned. She forced the words out. "What should I do?"
Indal stared at the monster as if avoiding her eyes. "Make the street slant downhill to give me a good running start. If I die, make the deepest gravity well you can and maybe it'll fall in."
Michelle gazed at him, chest aching. They had no relationship at all, no reason for her to feel like this. But she could grieve about sending him to his death, right?
Indal met her eyes, and forced a smile. But Michelle glimpsed his deep sadness. It sent another sharp pang through her chest.
"Get dancing." Indal kicked off his shoes, dropped to all fours and began to transform.
Michelle ran forward a few paces and danced, although the pain in her chest had pushed into her throat in a hot lump. Gravity tilted in the direction she danced.
Indal shot away down the street on all fours, shirt and pants stretched tight over his lupine body, claws clicking on the pavement. Michelle jogged after him, trying to keep his momentum going.
The wolf leveled out, running like a cheetah, and sprang at the black figure. The figure spun and lashed with several tentacles, but it couldn't check Indal's speed. 
They collided, struck the ground and rolled. The tentacles tore loose from the house and doubled up on the battling figures.
Michelle reached her front yard and stopped, hands pressed to her face. Indal vanished under a writhing tangle of black, shiny tentacles. He was dead now. She sobbed once and watched the struggle through her fingers.

***

The tentacles whipped out of the living room and fell off the windows. 
"Let's do this, quick!" Carda stepped into the circle and beckoned to Xironi. "Help me! The Manual says the shield works better with two mages casting."
Xironi stepped into the circle and wound her tail around one leg. "What's next?"
Carda picked up the Manual and held it open against his stomach. "It says I have to weave time and space together in a braided coil."
"Like weaving a basket. Or a wreath. Don't tell me you've never made a wreath."
Carda shot her a sarcastic eyebrow. "I won't tell you."
"Look." Xironi whipped green fire in a ring. She twisted more lines of fire around the ring. "Like this." She pushed the fiery wreath across the circle to Carda. It floated like a soap bubble.
Carda caught it. He held out his medallion and lightning flickered over the metal. He used it to work his own magic around the circle, building a sparkling ring of lightning and fire.
"Three revolutions." Carda tucked the Manual under one arm. Then he gently laid the magic-wreath in the circle's center. "Close your eyes."
Xironi obeyed.
Magic blazed to life around her, visible through her eyelids. It swirled by her, tugging at her hair and spiraling upward.
"Don't look," said Carda, "but go ahead and let your fire burn."
Xironi wanted to look, but ritual magic was finicky about rules. She let magic flare from her hands and kept her eyes shut. Light flickered across her eyelids. The monster's terrifying influence receded into the distance, shut out by the magic circle. Carda had better have worked this ritual properly--
BOOM
It was like standing on top of a giant sub-woofer during a power chord. The subsonic vibration rattled every bone in Xironi's body, jiggling her eyeballs and buzzing her teeth against each other. She exhaled as though she'd been punched in the stomach. Nearby, Carda made a similar grunt.
As the noise faded, something crackled nearby. "There goes the rest of the wards," Carda said. "You can open your eyes now."
Xironi did. The living room looked the same, except the for the smoking artifacts forming the circle. "Was it supposed to explode?"
"I don't know. I hope I did it right." Carda jumped out of the circle, ran to the front door and flung it open.

***

Michelle glimpsed a wave of blue light as it shot out of her house and mowed down the black tentacled mass. Then the wave knocked her flat on her face.
Groaning, she lifted her head. At least she'd landed on the grass. As she pushed herself to her hands and knees, the front door flew open, and Carda and Xironi ran out onto the lawn.
"Mish!" Carda helped her to her feet. "Oh man, I'm so sorry!"
"Sorry for what?" Michelle rubbed her mouth. "You did that? Where's Indal?"
Xironi rushed out into the street and bent over a motionless figure. Michelle staggered after her, Carda helping her along.
The black man-squid was nowhere in sight. Indal lay on his back, fully human again, but with blood trickling from his nose, and smeared across his arms. 
His glazed eyes flicked toward them. "I don't think I'm supposed to switch back so violently. My time lag's gone, though."
"Dude." Carda knelt beside him. "I didn't know you guys were out here. I'm so sorry."
Michelle stepped up to Indal and touched his shoulder. He looked up at her. She wanted tackle him in a hug and bawl her eyes out, but her brother was right there, and decorum must be observed.
Indal slowly climbed to his feet, and leaned on Michelle's shoulder for a moment. Her whole body tingled.
"It blew away the monster, whatever that was," Indal said. "What'd you do?"
Carda opened the Manual and held it up. Michelle squinted at a diagram of a domed shield. 
Then Indal snatched the book. "It says it's a shield spell, but these instructions--! You followed these exactly?"
"Yeah," Carda said. "It kind of exploded, though."
Indal wiped his nose on his shirt, then turned in a circle, scanning the sky. "Carda, there's no shield."
Michelle's heart jerked in dread. That blue wave of magic had felt awfully powerful. "You didn't, like, give us all magic cancer or something, did you?"
"I don't know." Carda took the Manual again, studied it, then tapped part of the diagram. "Uh oh. I left this part out. What did it change it to?"
Indal and Xironi huddled over the book, mumbling things like, "The formula would completely change," and "No, add a three."
Finally Indal said, "Congratulations, Carda. You worked an anti-magic pulse ritual."
"Anti-magic?" Michelle danced a few steps. No gravity spike.
Carda smiled and threw out his chest. "Wow. That's pretty cool for an accident. It nuked the monster all right, didn't it?"
Indal stared up and down the street. "Carda, that's illegal! That's so illegal, they're probably sending the Iron Seekers for you right now! I told you that was a possible future!"
Carda grabbed the Manual back. "How's it possible to accidentally work illegal magic?"
Indal's mouth twisted in a wry smile. "I guess you're just that good."
Xironi's ears pricked forward. "Speaking of which, Indal, aren't you supposed to be on trial?"
Indal and Michelle exchanged glances. Michelle dropped her gaze and shifted her weight from foot to foot. "I kind of kidnapped him out of the Council Chamber."
Carda and Xironi's mouths fell open.
"My bad," Indal said. "There's Seekers coming for all of us."
There was a long silence. Michelle's head went light and dizzy. Xironi and Carda paled.
Carda looked over his shoulder at the house. "What should we do?"
Indal's eyes flicked across all of their faces, lingering on Michelle's. Her heart fluttered.
"Run," Indal said.


Chapter 25


Carda swept the money off his desk and crammed it in his pocket. Then he grabbed his backpack and stuffed a pair of jeans and a couple of shirts inside.
"Come on!" whispered Michelle from the hallway, wearing her own backpack. "They'll be here any minute!"
His heart thudded as he scanned his room. What else did one take when going on the lam? Food? Indal said they'd pick up food later. Too bad he didn't have a tent. Maybe a blanket? Carda opened his closet, pulled out a quilt and jammed it into his backpack. Then he swept up his pocketknife and stuffed it in a vest pocket, along with his car keys and medallion.
Ben jumped on his bed and flicked his orange tongue at Carda. "Shiny?"
"I've got to run for it," Carda whispered. "Man, I'm glad I didn't hurt you."
"Shiny." Ben jumped off the bed and vanished before he hit the floor.
Carda hurried out to Michelle, shrugging into his backpack straps. "Did you tell Mom?"
"No," Michelle whispered. "I left a message on Dad's voicemail."
"Good enough. Let's go."
Indal and Xironi met them on the porch. Xironi pointed up the street. "They're coming."
Carda's heart froze in his chest. Four Iron Seekers paced down the sidewalk in single file, arms at their sides, each leg swinging in perfect unison.
"Guys," Carda murmured, "I'm going to try teleporting." When Xironi shot him a horrified look, he added, "I'll only do short hops. Come on, join hands."
They all joined hands. Carda pulled out his car keys and clutched his medallion. Fire welled through his fingers with every thud of his heart. If he didn't calm down, he'd teleport them through a wall or into the ground. Carda drew a long breath and let it out, watching the Iron Seekers pace closer.
He teleported them to the end of the driveway, then to the end of the block, then the next block. Maybe his magic pulse had fixed long teleports. Carda tried to teleport down to Gilbert.
The world whirled sideways, and the four of them crashed into a rocky hillside. Carda narrowly missed landing on a barrel cactus, catching himself a hand's breadth from its spines.
Indal tore himself free of a creosote bush. "Thanks for that."
Michelle and Xironi had landed on bare ground, and stood up, dusting off their shorts.
Michelle inspected a gash in her leg from a sharp rock."Where are we?"
Xironi pointed uphill, where radio towers clustered atop the ridge above them. "Looks like we're halfway up South Mountain."
"I guess I went that direction," Carda said. "I was trying for Gilbert, and that's south."
Indal's eyes lit up. "Hey! That's it! Space is screwed up, so the ley nodes have way too much spatial attraction!"
"English, please," said Michelle.
Indal pointed across Phoenix, spread out in a blue-gray map below them under the afternoon sun. "Every natural landmark out there is a center of a ley node. They're different sizes, and the biggest one is here in South Mountain. They're like magical sinkholes, so wonky teleports gravitate toward them."
Carda plucked at his shirt, siphoning a breeze across his sweltering body. "So if we teleport in the direction of a node, it'll work?"
"Yeah," Indal said. "If you know where they are."
A hot breeze ruffled Carda's hair. He gazed across Phoenix. Where were those Iron Seekers now? There was no place safe from them. Fleeing across the world wouldn't keep him safe forever. Some day he'd turn a corner and they'd be waiting.
"Xironi," Carda said, "what if we jumped worlds?"
Xironi's ears flicked forward and her eyebrows lifted. "That might slow the Seekers down. Of course, it might slow us down, too, depending on the world."
"What's closest?"
"Julosa." Xironi wrinkled her nose. "I suppose we could go there, if you're partial to forests."
Michelle pulled her hair off her neck. "Would it be cooler than the desert?"
"Yeah."
Indal nodded. "There's your answer, Xironi."
Xironi counted silently on her fingers, then opened a portal longer than it was tall. "Sorry, I keep track of the different worlds with different shaped portals."
Carda followed Indal and Michelle through the portal. Xironi came last and shut it behind them.
They'd entered a cool green forest of enormous trees, and waist-high ferns carpeted the ground. The sun slanted through the trees in orange stripes.
Xironi waded through the ferns, following the sun. "Come on, everybody. Don't get separated."
The air was cooler than the Sonoran desert, but there was no breeze, and the humidity stuck Carda's shirt to his back. "What's the climate of this place?"
"Kind of a temperate Mississippi," said Xironi over her shoulder. "Julosa has higher amounts of oxygen and carbon dioxide in its atmosphere, and plants grow like crazy."
"So do the bugs," Indal added in an undertone.
The trees thinned ahead, and the sunlight brightened. Carda blinked as he stepped out from under the trees.
The ground fell away before them in a shallow valley. Most of it was grass-grown, and a river gleamed off to the north. But five hundred feet away, a herd of green dragons browsed the leaves of a cluster of fallen trees. Dragons? Carda shaded his eyes. They had long necks and tails, and plenty of spikes and claws, but no wings. Feathery plumes rippled from their heads as they moved.
Xironi, Michelle and Indal shrank back into the trees. Carda followed them. No shame in fleeing a bunch of dragons, even plant-eaters.
"Yeah, they have those here." Xironi pressed a hand to her heart. "I didn't expect to walk right into a whole herd. Um, we'll work our way north, okay?"
They kept to the edge of the forest where the ground was clear of knobby ferns. One of the dragons raised its head on its long neck and watched them, but made no move in their direction.
Once they had put a respectable distance between themselves and danger, Carda said, "Hey Xironi, how long will it take the Seekers to figure out we went off-world?"
"I don't know," she said over her shoulder. "Maybe pretty soon. I don't know how they work."
Carda ducked a tree branch. The Seekers might catch up to them tonight. It was getting dark on Julosa, too, and they'd have to sleep sometime. What kind of animals roamed the forests at night? Maybe they should go back to Earth.
The weight of guilt settled in Carda's stomach. If he hadn't botched the ritual, then the Council wouldn't have come after him. But what was he supposed to do? Let the squid-man eat him, Xironi and his mother? At least he'd fought back, mistakes or no mistakes.
It'd been so weird to see the monster in another dimension, superimposed over the real world. That human-shaped hole with tentacles radiating from it. What the heck was it, anyway? The Subspace Storm? Or was it a person?
So now he was on the run. The monster had somehow come through into real space and was running around Phoenix. What if it went back to his house?
Carda stopped. "Guys, we have to go back."
Everyone looked at him. "Why?" Michelle said.
"Because the monster's loose in Phoenix. And I think it's really the Subspace Storm."
Indal folded his arms. "You're saying you blew away the Subspace Storm with an anti-magic pulse?"
Carda nodded.
Indal shook his head. "I fought that dude. He was a possessed guy with a monster in him, not a storm."
"What about that lightning storm on the Highway?" Michelle said faintly.
"The Highway's in subspace." Xironi bowed her head. "And that weird tentacle-Storm did separate us all for a while, like it was controlling space." She shot Carda a wide-eyed look. "You think we met the Subspace Storm?"
Carda spread both hands. "The thing on the Highway looked like the monster attacking the house. Is there any way it could have possessed somebody?"
Indal licked his teeth and made a face. "I suppose it's possible."
Carda glanced at the setting sun. "Guys, that monster's probably still looking for me, and it'll go right back to my house. Dad can't fight it because I fried all his artifacts."
Indal, Xironi and Michelle exchanged glances. Michelle did a dancing half-step and frowned. "My magic's still gone."
Indal held up two fingers and stared at them. "So's mine. We're no good for guard duty, Carda. Not to mention there's a bunch of Iron Seekers with our names on them."
"Wait," Xironi said, tail twitching. "What if we opened portals around your house and set up wards? We could build a proper bubble-shield, like you tried to do."
Carda's eyebrows shot up. "We can do that? Like in the movies?"
Xironi nodded. "But it'll be hard to do with only two people. Not to mention we're all going to get magic exhaustion if we keep going like this."
No wonder Carda's insides felt like watery tapioca. He had to push through it. "It's worth the risk. The Storm-monster's not getting Mom and Dad."
The trickiest part of the plan was relative space. Ten feet on Julosa equaled ten feet on Earth. Carda and Xironi teleported them across Julosa in short hops.
The area of Julosa corresponding to Carda's neighborhood was a dark, firefly-filled swamp. Trees like weeping willows drooped their branches to the ground where they took root, forming living cages. Creatures scurried in and out of these cages, and hissed at the humans.
"Oh crap," Carda muttered. "This is the stuff that replaced our house the other night."
Michelle stepped closer to Indal. "What kinds of animals live in those trees?"
Indal patted her shoulder. "Let's call them carnivores and leave it at that."
Xironi poked a portal in space and peered through. "We're in the right place. Carda, make wards and pass them to me as we walk." She flicked one of her own wards through the portal.
Carda pulled out his car keys, picked out his medallion, and twirled it through the air to build a warding spell. Using the medallion felt like cheating at magic. Everything was so easy now. 
He pushed the spell at Xironi. It floated in a smoky green ball. Xironi caught it in her fingertips and blew it through the portal.
They picked their way across the marsh, Carda and Xironi using their magic as torches to illuminate dry ground. Unseen creatures skittered away from the lights, eyes flashing green and red. Indal and Michelle walked hand in hand, Indal helping Michelle over the trickier spots. Carda gnawed his tongue to keep quiet. Indal was only helping Michelle, right? Holding hands to keep from sinking in a swamp wasn't romantic. Sure.
Xironi paused on a low hill covered in reeds."Okay, this is the halfway point." She peeled open a portal. "Five more and--"
A black mechanical arm burst through the portal and groped for her throat. 
Xironi shrieked and leaped backward, splashing in stagnant water.
Carda flung out both arms to keep Indal and Michelle back, then sprinted toward Xironi, fire and lightning erupting from his hands.
The tiny half-portal only allowed the Seeker's arm through. But as Carda grabbed Xironi and hauled her toward the others, the rest of the Seeker's body ghosted into sight.
"It's phasing through the world barrier!" Xironi yanked free of Carda and twirled one arm. Emerald flame trailed from her fingertips like a dancer's ribbon, forming a spiral in midair. The spiral flickered into a tunnel of different-colored portals.
Indal dragged a hand down the side of his face. "Portal stacking? Are you insane?"
Xironi grabbed Carda's hand. "Join hands and don't let go!"
Everyone fumbled for each other's hands. Then Xironi sprinted toward the portals, hauling everyone behind her, ears flat to her skull. Carda held his breath as if diving underwater. When Xironi leaped into the tunnel of portals, he leaped, too.
They zipped through a tunnel with lights and colors flashing past on both sides. How many portals had Xironi stacked, anyway? Second after second passed, and Carda hung in midair with portals flickering by. Xironi looked over her shoulder, eyes wild. Michelle clung to his other hand, mouth open in a scream, and Indal hung on to her with teeth bared.
The flickering light ended. Carda's shoes plunged into soft sand, and darkness obliterated his vision. He staggered a few steps, panting.
"Is everybody here?" Xironi sounded close to tears.
"I'm here," Michelle said.
"Me too," Indal said. "Where are we?"
Xironi sank to the ground, gripping Carda's hand. She trembled as if chilled.
Carda knelt beside her. "Are you all right?"
Xironi shook her head. Carda called a flicker of green fire to his fingertips and held it up. Dark circles ringed Xironi's eyes. Magic exhaustion.
"Hey, look!" Michelle said. "We're on a beach!"
Stars glimmered all the way to the horizon, and waves shushed somewhere nearby. A darker mass rose at their backs, either trees or hills. The air was mild and humid.
"Feels like Hawaii," Indal said. "Xironi, was that one of the destinations?"
Xironi's voice was scarcely louder than the breakers. "I don't think so."
Carda pulled off his backpack, extracted his quilt and draped it around her shoulders. She flashed him a grateful smile.
Nearby, Michelle said, "So, portal stacking is a slot machine for portals?"
"Yeah," Indal said. "It picks a random destination. Makes you harder to track. The portals are pretty unstable, though, and people have been lost that way. But it might take the Seekers all night to find us."
"I don't suppose we can finish the wards around my house now," Carda said.
Xironi shook her head.
Carda sat back on his heels. "But the Storm's looking for me! What if it goes back there?"
"It can probably jump worlds, too," Indal said. "If it's after you, it'll track you across worlds, same as the Seekers."
"You think it's safe to sleep out here in the open?"
"I don't see how we have much choice."
Carda tried to call fire to his hands for light, but managed only a weak flicker. So much for hunting for firewood. Everyone dispensed what blankets or extra clothing they'd packed. Carda's stomach growled. "I knew I should have brought food."
"I did!" Michelle rummaged in her backpack. "Mom made us these giant sandwiches at lunch and we missed them. Here, everybody." She broke them into four portions, and everyone devoured them. Xironi had brought a quart of water, which they all shared.
Carda sat back to back with Xironi, and gazed at the stars as he chewed. Weariness nagged at the backs of his eyes. Here he was, exiled from Earth--a magical criminal. A bunch of capture suits were after his friends because of him. If he got captured, there'd be nobody to fight off the Subspace Storm.
Xironi's back warmed not only Carda's back, but his heart, too. Poor girl. She'd tried so hard to save them with her crazy portal-stacking spell. What was her relationship with Indal, anyway? Sometimes they seemed like friends, and other times Carda picked up weird vibes. It wouldn't hurt to ask. They weren't going anywhere.
Indal murmured to Michelle in a low voice several feet away. Good, maybe he wouldn't overhear. Carda turned his head and said into Xironi's ear, "Mind if I ask you a question?"
Her ear swiveled toward him. "Sure."
"Are you and Indal--you know--an item?"
Xironi shifted around to look at Carda. Her head was only a dim outline against the indigo sky. "We grew up on the same street. We know each other pretty well, but we've never been romantically inclined. I'm more like his sister."
"Uh huh. And he sees the relationship the same way, I take it."
Xironi turned. "Hey Indal! Want to go on a date?"
"Xironi," Indal said, "you have magic exhaustion. You're not thinking clearly to have asked that question. No Romeo and Juliet for me, thanks."
"Aw, you're breaking my heart." Xironi turned back to Carda. "Like I said. Just friends."
Carda couldn't stop the grin as it took over his face. "So, if I asked you out..."
"...you'd have to clear it with Grandpa," Xironi said. "He's not big on my dating at all. Nobody has the guts to be my boyfriend."
Harthur's snarling tiger face flashed through Carda's mind. "I can see why."
They finished their hasty dinner and figured out sleeping arrangements. Xironi and Michelle slept side by side, while Carda and Indal slept with their feet at the girls' feet. Not much privacy, but they couldn't risk getting separated on this unknown world.
Carda placed basic wards around them. As he worked, he said, "Hey Ben, come out. I know you're there somewhere."
"Shiny." A pair of orange eyes appeared a few feet away.
Carda rubbed the lizard's smooth, scaly head. "Stand guard for us, would you? Let us know if anybody comes, especially if they're ten feet tall and made of metal."
"Shiny!" Ben scurried off across the sand.
Carda put on an extra shirt and stretched out on the sand. Sleep eluded him for a while. The stars burned bright in unfamiliar constellations. He tried to make pictures in them, but his mind wandered. If the Seekers caught them, they might be tried and executed. Having magic was much more frightening than he'd imagined.
But he'd also met Xironi, visited other worlds, seen crazy magic stuff, and rewound his car to when it was new. Maybe it wasn't all bad.
What about tomorrow? Would the Seekers find them before the Storm did? Had the monster returned to his house? He'd have to wait and find out tomorrow. If the Storm hurt his parents, he'd destroy it with his bare hands.
As he dozed, thoughts swirled in random patterns, connecting fragments of ideas and images. Hunting Rayne ... Rayne stealing Carda's car. The squid-man in black.
Rayne the squid-man.
Carda jerked awake. What if he was right? Rayne had gotten his crazy magic working! Oh man, he'd better be wrong about this. But cold, diamond-hard certainty rested at the back of Carda's mind. Somehow, Rayne was the Storm.
It was a long time before the murmur of the breakers lulled Carda to sleep.


Chapter 26


"Shiny." Hot breath fanned Carda's ear. "Shiny!"
Carda slapped Ben away from his head, and burrowed his face into his arms. He didn't want to wake up. So tired.
"Shiny!" Ben's claws sank into his neck.
Carda scrambled to hands and knees, throwing sand on Indal. It was dark, but a grayish light spread along the eastern horizon. 
Ben crouched in the sand where Carda's head had been, orange eyes glowing like coals. "Shiny."
The girls huddled together under the quilt, motionless. The dim beach was empty in every direction--no Seekers, no Storm. Ben had only awakened Carda.
Carda wiped sand off his stubbly face. "What the hell, Ben."
Ben scrambled away across the sand, halted a few feet beyond Xironi and looked over his shoulder. "Shiny."
Follow the lizard. Maybe someone was coming. Carda hoisted himself to his feet and brushed off his damp clothes. Waking up at o-dark-thirty was not the way he wanted to start the day, especially a day on the run from the authorities on an alien world. But if he'd asked a lizard to stand guard, he'd have to face the consequences. Carda trudged after Ben.
Ben led him along the beach, swerving to avoid black rocky crags. At last the soft sand gave way to hard-packed sand at the high tide mark. Ben sat up on his hind legs like a squirrel. He flicked his tongue westward, and looked at Carda. "Shiny."
Carda gazed along the shoreline. The beach faded into dim twilight, and it was still dark out there. Lightning rippled across the sky in the distance. It was so far away he couldn't hear the thunder. He folded his arms, hunched his shoulders and watched it. It might not be the Subspace Storm. Storms were common in tropical climates. Of course, why had Ben awakened him if it was an ordinary storm?
Jerking his head at the storm, Carda said, "Subspace Storm, Ben?"
"Shiny," Ben said emphatically.
"How long until it gets here?"
Ben wove his head from side to side. "Shiny, shiny."
"I'll see if Xironi can translate you." Carda walked back across the yielding sand, calves complaining. Running from the Storm and the Seekers on an empty stomach? Not cool. At the same time, the flight instinct rippled up his back and into his limbs, encouraging his legs to leap into a sprint.
Arriving at his sleeping friends, Carda knelt beside Xironi. She opened her eyes and sat up. "What's wrong?"
Carda pointed west. "Subspace Storm."
Xironi flung the quilt onto Michelle and scrambled to her feet, tail lashing for balance. She jogged down the beach for a clear look, then hurried back. 
Carda watched her in the growing dawn light. Even at a miserable time like this, Xironi still captivated his entire attention.
"It's coming! Wake up Indal." Xironi knelt over Michelle, panting.
Indal sat up, dusted sand out of his hair and rubbed his chin. "What's going on?"
Carda jerked a thumb over his shoulder. "The Storm's coming."
"Wonderful." Indal stood up and rubbed his back, wincing.
Michelle climbed to her feet, yawning. She shook out the quilt, folded it and handed it to Carda, who stuffed it into his backpack. Everyone donned their packs, and Xironi opened a portal in midair.
It winked out.
Xironi frowned. She traced a rectangle in midair, but instead of opening into a window into another world, it collapsed in on itself and disappeared.
Lower lip trembling, Xironi turned to Carda. "The Storm's too close. Portals won't work."
"What do we do?" Michelle's voice was shrill with panic.
Carda looked at Ben, who sat a short distance away, watching them. "Hey Ben, any advice?"
Xironi held out her wristwatch and pressed a button.
Ben raced up to her and spoke into the watch. Xironi peered at its screen. "Follow Ben to sacred stones, shelter there for long step across much space. Go to big white wheels." Ben zipped away down the beach, and they followed him.
"Big white wheels?" Carda said.
Xironi looked at her watch. "That's how it translated."
"Some kind of vehicle?" Indal said. "The long step across space is a teleport, but you can't go somewhere you haven't seen, right?"
"Shiny!" Ben commanded, and they hurried after him.
Carda glanced over his shoulder. The rosy dawn light illuminated stripes of smoke-gray clouds. Lightning flickered, illuminating their underbellies. With a little imagination, it looked as if the sky was ripping in half.
The breeze in Carda's face rose to a gusty wind, hurling sand in his face. How fast was the Storm moving, anyway?
"Like on Felixia when I was little," Xironi muttered beside him. "Only this time I don't know if we can get away."
Carda clasped her cold hand in his own. She shot him a brief smile. Why did it take the potential end of the world for him to finally hold her hand? He had such a way with women. Indal and Michelle were holding hands, too.
Ben led them up a hill into a forest of palm trees, pausing often to let them catch up. The wind hissed in the fronds overhead, and occasionally a coconut thumped to the ground with enough force to crack a skull. Everyone jogged with an arm over their heads.
Thunder rumbled nearby, and lightning flashed, throwing crazy shadows through the palm trees. Carda blinked. Was it the half-light, or had a tree changed shape?
Lightning flashed again, and a tree toppled to the right. Michelle stopped. "Look at its trunk!"
Carda almost ran into a tree. The fallen palm had been scrambled. Fronds stuck out of the trunk, half a coconut bulged in the bark, and roots sprang from the crown.
Carda glanced at Xironi. "I take it this is what the Storm does?"
Xironi nodded, tears running down her face.
Lightning flickered and thunder rumbled. Nearby a tree turned into half a brick wall, mortar and shattered brick still falling off. Michelle squealed and Indal swore.
Carda's exclamation stuck in his throat. What might happen to a human body if the Storm sliced it?
"Shiny!" Ben called.
They hurried after him, and stepped into a clearing. They'd arrived at a Stonehenge-like ring of standing stones. The ring was twenty feet across, and the stones were inlaid with blue and yellow tiles. The stone floor inside was bare of grass. As they stepped inside the circle, the wind dropped to a dead calm.
Ben sat on his haunches again and looked at Xironi. She held out her watch and he spoke into it. Xironi read, "Now go to big white wheels before bad storm eats world."
Carda scanned his companions' faces for a clue. Michelle shook her head and Indal shrugged.
Xironi shot Carda a strained look. "I don't know what big white wheels are."
Ben chirped so loud his voice echoed off the stones. Xironi read, "Big white wheels. Pan world." 
Her eyes widened. "Pan! Indal, remember studying Pan?"
Comprehension dawned across Indal's face. "Pan, the world famous for its interstellar travel. Big white wheels! Space stations!"
Ben chirped and bobbed his head up and down.
Carda shook his head. "I don't know what those look like. Can you teleport us there, Xironi?"
"I think so." She offered her arm to Ben, and he climbed up to sit across her shoulders. "But it'll be a heck of a jump. Huddle up, guys, I need all the power you have."
Everyone clustered around Xironi and placed their hands on her shoulders and arms. Carda summoned fire and lightning and pressed his hands to her shoulder blades. The power sank into her body. 
"You guys are awesome," she whispered.
Xironi shut her eyes and stretched out a hand, green flame rippling over her fingers. Outside the stone circle, palm trees bent and snapped. Every time lightning flashed, a new abomination appeared--parts of buildings, bisected animals, trees mixed with rocks and earth, masses of water that flooded the forest floor. But none of it crossed the stone circle's threshold.
How long could the circle stand against the Subspace Storm? Not forever, not once the Storm tore apart the stones. Carda shut his eyes and willed more power into Xironi. Please don't dump us into outer space!
Xironi's hand clenched into a fist, and she pulled.
The world wavered slowly and slid away, as if space was reluctant to let them move. Carda's lungs pinched as if the weight of the entire ocean pressed on him. Why did it squeeze so hard? Something was wrong!
Then light surrounded them, and the pressure abated. Carda gasped and his lungs inflated. The air tasted stale. White light, white walls, white floor, people in white uniforms.
A woman hurried toward them. "Come this way, please! More refugees are coming all the time, and you mustn't stand on the receiver!"
"Refugees?" gasped Michelle.
"Yes," the woman said. "The Subspace Storm arrived without warning. The evacuations didn't go as planned. Did you use one of the stone circles?"
"Yeah," Michelle said. "The Storm was eating up everything around it."
The woman nodded. "Thank Flare for the space colonies. Our people may survive the Storm. I'm Lisa." She stepped up to Xironi and took her hand. "What happened here?"
Xironi's right arm hung at her side, fingers curled under. She gazed at Lisa, her face as white as the walls around them.
Lisa clicked her tongue. "The teleport dislocated your shoulder, poor thing. Come along to the medical ward."
Carda moved to follow, but Lisa held up a hand. "I'll bring her back once her arm is set. You remain in the lounge with your friends."
Harthur's snarling face passed before Carda's mind's eye, but he followed Indal and Michelle to the lounge.
The lounge was a long skinny room with a low ceiling. Small windows clustered along the wall in a honeycomb pattern, providing glimpses of the planet below. A low, squashy foam couch stretched the length of the room, and a group of other people sat along its length, huddled together and murmuring. Everyone scanned their faces and looked away.
Indal and Michelle found a spot to sit between two other couples, all human. Pan must be a near-Earth world. Carda remained standing and gazed out the clustered windows.
Outside, one of the space station's arms revolved slowly by, maintaining artificial gravity. Beyond lay a blue and green world like Earth, yet with continents Carda didn't recognize. 
A dark cloudy mass enveloped the planet from the west side. Thin black arms trailed across the world, kicking up white swirls of regular storms. A hurricane churned halfway under the blackness.
This room held all the survivors of the whole planet? There were other space stations, right?
A cold weight settled on Carda's shoulders. 
Lightning flickered under the darkness, and a red fissure snaked across the westernmost continent. It was like watching an octopus devour a shellfish, slowly prying it open to devour the meat inside.
A black squid-man.
Earth was next on the menu. And this roomful of frightened people and their families were the few who had escaped into space. Earth had no such resources.
Magic swirled out of Carda's hands, so he pulled out his keychain and wrapped both hands around his medallion to soak it up. There had to be some way to stop the Storm. Earth wasn't going to die this way, devoured by a monster.
Xironi stepped into the lounge, right arm in a sling, and gray smudges under her eyes. She shot a thin smile at Carda, then stepped to the couch. Indal inched aside to make room for her, and she sat gingerly, favoring her arm.
Carda knelt in front of her. "Are you okay?"
Xironi bit her lip and nodded. "Setting the joint was bad, but I made it." Her eyes lifted to the windows, then returned to Carda. "You've been watching the Storm, haven't you?"
Carda nodded.
"I see it in your face. It's better not to watch."
"I can't help it." Carda rose and paced back and forth. "That's a whole world down there being destroyed." He glanced out the window as the fissure across Pan widened, cracking it from pole to pole. Black clouds swirled into it, devouring the world's energy.
He'd led it here.
The back of Carda's neck went slick and icy, followed by a burning under his tongue. Good grief, he was not going to throw up right here on the floor. He clenched his teeth and swallowed. As the Strider of Chronos, it was his job to stop this. He crouched beside Xironi again. "Let's go back to Earth, where I can fight it. By the way, I think the possessed guy is Rayne."
Xironi, Indal and Michelle straightened, eyes widening.
"Rayne?" exclaimed Xironi. "How do you know?"
Carda glanced at Indal. "It's just a hunch. What do you think, Indal? You fought him."
Indal's lips twisted, as if recalling a foul taste. "He was covered in oily black stuff, so I couldn't see who it was. But--" Indal snapped his fingers. "The crystal. He had that purple crystal around his neck!"
Xironi shook her head. "What was he trying to do? Steal the Subspace Storm's power?"
Michelle pointed out the windows. "I think he did it."
Xironi touched her bandaged right arm. "I'll try to help you stop him, but I'm afraid I won't be much help. I'm right-handed, and my primary magic focus is out of commission."
"Can you do magic left-handed?"
Xironi glared at her left hand, opening and closing her hand, and finally called fire to it. "Yes, but not as easily."
"Good thing I'm a lefty," Carda muttered. "Indal, Michelle, how's your magic?"
Indal looked at his broken handcuffs, still on his wrists. "You really want me to try my magic in a crowded room?"
"You went through a major teleport and nothing happened."
"True." Indal held up one finger and a miniscule spark of lightning danced over his fingernail. "Yep, my magic's back."
Michelle pointed at the ceiling. "We're in a space ship. I'm not dancing in here."
"Good call." Carda stepped to a portion of blank wall beside the window. "Let me see if I can open a portal to Earth from here."
Xironi's ears pricked forward. "Envision a location, not generic Earth, or you'll open a portal to outer space near Earth."
"Right." Carda concentrated on a memory of his neighborhood street, and sketched a trapezoid Earth portal. It opened to the street, bathed in scorching desert sunlight. Carda poked his head through. No Seekers, and no Storm. "Come on, let's go."
Indal, Xironi and Michelle followed him through the portal, and Carda closed it behind them. He folded his arms and faced Indal. "I need my car."
Indal rolled his eyes. "Sure, get me a bowl of water."


Chapter 27


"Well, I have good news and bad news," said Indal.
They sat in Carda's bedroom, sandy, bedraggled, and devouring bowls of cereal. Carda and Michelle had encountered their mother, and spent fifteen minutes trying to convince her they'd spent the night at Xironi's. Michelle had ushered her into her room, gave her two Aspirin and helped her lie down.
Now, in relative peace, Indal sat at Carda's desk with a salad bowl full of water. He'd dropped his magic into it and pulled it out into a smoky cobweb filled with sparkling stars. It spread halfway across the bedroom, and Indal toyed with it, rearranging threads and touching stars.
Indal looked over his shoulder at Carda. "The good news is, I found your car."
Carda grimly shoveled corn flakes into his mouth. "And the bad news?"
Indal shook his head and rested a hand on Carda's shoulder. "I'm sorry."
"Rayne crashed it, didn't he?"
"It's at the junkyard. But that's not even the worst part. Your car's had the space manipulated inside it. If someone takes a good look at it, the Men in Black will come after you."
Carda clenched a fist on his knee. "Crap. What junkyard?"
"We Buy Scrap, says on the sign. Outside of Phoenix proper."
Carda gulped down the rest of his breakfast. He'd need the energy.
Xironi wiped her mouth. "Where is Rayne now?"
"He's causing havoc out by Sky Harbor." Indal's voice took on a fake, jovial tone. "Looks like he's summoning Fatewalkers by the dozen. You know, human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together, mass hysteria."
"First, my car." Carda surfaced from his bowl. "Then I'm going after the Storm before it eats Earth."

***

But nothing went as planned.
Carda, Indal, Michelle and Xironi couldn't teleport, and portals directed downtown only fizzled out. In the end, they walked down the Highway, watching the darkness for lightning or tentacles. But the Highway obliged by opening a portal within a minute, and they stepped onto the sidewalk beside the junkyard.
It was an immense place, with rows of wrecked cars in front of the main building. The ground was the dark gray color of years of dripped oil, where once it might have been hard-packed gravel. The odor of rust and stagnant oil filled Carda's nostrils as he walked along the fence, looking for his car.
His Miata sat at the far end of the row, the entire passenger side dented in. Carda's stomach went hollow and his eyes watered. Rayne would pay for this. In blood.
"Excuse me," said a burly man in greasy blue coveralls. "You want a car, you need the paperwork."
"I don't have time," Carda said. "This Miata's mine."
The man's eyes swept Carda up and down. "You come with a tow truck?"
Carda clenched his teeth. "No."
"That Miata's not going anywhere, kid. Come back when you've got the paperwork." He escorted Carda back to the fence, and watched as he walked away up the road.
Once out of sight, Carda snarled and beat a fist on his thigh. He couldn't work magic in front of ordinary people! And his poor car! He'd have to sneak out here after dark and teleport it home.
Indal, Michelle and Xironi hurried up to him. "No luck?" Indal said.
Carda shook his head. "I have to do all the paperwork first."
Everyone exchanged glances. Carda shuffled his feet. "I need my car."
Xironi tucked a strand of hair over one ear. "You do have another car."
Carda raised an eyebrow. "And that is?"
"Your RC Miata."
Carda raised both eyebrows. "You're kidding, right? It's, like, this long."
Xironi held up her left hand with a flicker of green fire. "We'll load it up with nodes and scale up the size."
"Scale it up?" Michelle's mouth fell open, and she laughed once. "Doesn't it have a scale speed of three hundred miles an hour?"
Carda's rage shifted into excitement. His heart pounded. "Let me summon it." He pictured the little Miata and pulled it out of his room. It lagged a few seconds, but finally appeared in his hands, the remote control sitting inside it.
Xironi and Carda turned it over and over, placing spatial nodes all over it. Indal and Michelle watched, Michelle with eyes wide and Indal with a skeptical smile.
Finally they set it on the ground. Xironi pulled the front bumper, and Carda pulled the back. The car stretched between them. It expanded to the size of a golf cart, then a sub-compact, then finally it reached the size of a sports car. It even looked real, except for the too-shiny body and chrome. Xironi had included the spell to stretch the inside, giving it four seats.
Carda grabbed the remote control out of the front seat. He'd left it out of the spell and it'd stayed the same size. "Get in, everybody!" Xironi took the front passenger seat, while Indal and Michelle took the back, as usual.
"Okay, these seats suck." Indal rapped on the plastic with his knuckles.
"No seatbelts, either," Michelle said.
"So hold on." Carda braced his knees against the useless steering wheel, flipped on the remote control, and tapped the accelerator stick. The car screeched to life, its RC motor amplified a thousandfold. It was like riding a jet engine. The car charged out onto the road, swerving too far into the left lane as Carda overcompensated. Not the best handling in the world.
Xironi pointed and yelled over the engine, "Did you notice the smoke?"
Plumes of black smoke rose from the Phoenix skyline. As they neared a cross street, half a dozen police cars screamed by, lights flashing.
"That's not good." Carda turned left and followed them.
"If it's anything like what I saw in my scrying," said Indal, "it's about to get a whole lot worse."
The small, palm-tree-shaded houses of the suburbs gave way to grocery stores, law offices and universities. Traffic slowed to a crawl. People ran along the sidewalks, mouths open. Police cars drove along the curbs, and SWAT team vans screamed by. Many cars pulled into nearby parking lots, turned around and fled the way they had come.
"Maybe they have the right idea," Michelle said.
Carda pulled into a parking lot, threaded through rows of parked cars, and slipped into a side street with less traffic. The RC Miata bounced into the air with each bump.
"You know this is all kinds of illegal," Indal called.
"Screw illegal, I have magic." Carda whipped the Miata around a corner and bashed his thumb on the brake lever. His friends jolted around the cab, trying not to fly out.
Skyscrapers made a canyon of 1st Avenue, its shadowed floor littered with overturned cars. Red-clad Fatewalkers paced around them, or knelt over the bodies of the unfortunate. Three police cars stood with doors open and lights flashing, their drivers stretched beside them on the pavement.
Two blocks behind the slaughter rose a black, seething mass of roiling smoke and looping tentacles, taller than the skyscrapers. It formed a human-like shape with wings spread out from the shoulders.
"The black tentacle-angel," Michelle whispered. "I saw it on the Highway!"
The nearest red Fatewalker turned its smile on Carda. It paced toward the Miata, circling to reach the driver's side.
A Fatewalker thought it'd get Carda? The rift inside him flamed. He leaned out of the car and hurled a green fireball. It exploded on the Fatewalker's chest. The Fatewalker's smile vanished into a furious roar, the jaw stretching too wide and the eyes vanishing into black sockets. Then the green fire enveloped it and it withered to nothing.
Michelle shuddered, and Indal put an arm around her.
Carda eased the remote's throttle upward, and the car leaped forward. "Xironi, throw fireballs as I drive."
Xironi held up her left hand and glared at it, but only a tiny tongue of flame appeared in her palm. "I can't do it left-handed!"
Carda poured a handful of his own fire into her hand, where it flamed and smoked like a tiki torch. As he drove toward the first wave of Fatewalkers, Xironi leaned out the window and awkwardly threw the fireball. It splashed on the ground two feet short of a Fatewalker. Xironi slid back into the car, ears pointed. "The first person to say I throw like a girl gets a fist in the teeth."
Indal rose to his knees in the backseat and launched a whirlwind of lightning across the street. It traced ribbons of fire across three Fatewalkers. They snarled as they died.
"They're pretty easy to kill." Carda lobbed a spinning fireball into a Fatewalker's face.
Indal swayed as he tried to balance. "Yeah, if you have magic. No magic, you're dead."
A pack of Fatewalkers formed a crimson roadblock in the middle of the street. Carda punched the throttle and roared toward them, nearly pitching Indal out of the car backward. Xironi slid down in the passenger seat, and Carda braced himself.
The Miata mowed through the Fatewalkers with hardly a bump. "Eww!" Michelle shrieked. "They stretched like bubblegum!"
The rearview mirror showed Fatewalkers popping back to their feet, wobbling like jello. Their identical human faces receded into horror masks as they sprinted after the Miata.
Carda kept the throttle open and tried to keep the car moving in a straight line. Indal fired lightning out of the back of the car and incinerated Fatewalkers.
Ahead of them, the black cloud floated ten feet above the street like a parade balloon, tentacles reaching out to grasp cars, or bodies, or light poles, and pulling them into the darkness. Was Rayne still in there, or had the Storm consumed him? Carda threw a fireball at it. A tentacle lashed out, caught the fireball, and drew it inside.
"I don't think that's going to work." Xironi flattened herself in the seat, feet braced on the dash, injured arm clutched across her chest like a shield.
The cloud paused and the tentacles stilled. A woman's voice rang out of the darkness. "How cute, the Strider of Chronos and his gang. Have you come to stop me?"
Carda braked in the middle of the street. "Since when does Rayne sound like a girl?"
Indal held the Fatewalkers at bay with bursts of lightning. "It might not be Rayne anymore, Carda!"
Carda's will wavered as he stared up at the blackness. How did anyone stop something so massive, especially when it ate his magic? He hoisted his best snarky expression onto his face. "Heck yes, I've come to stop you. Tell Rayne to come out with his hands up!"
The Storm laughed like a well-dressed woman at a party, amused at a muddy child who had dropped in uninvited. 
The heat in Carda's chest spread to his face.
"I do enjoy you Striders of Chronos," the Storm said. "Always full of bluster about your new powers. I'm finished opening this node, and I would devour you, if not for one thing."
The darkness rolled aside to reveal four Iron Seekers walking abreast down the street toward the RC Miata.
"Having you arrested is so much more fun. It's not often the Council does my work for me. Goodbye, Carda Chase." The Storm gathered itself and swirled northward, leaving Carda to face an enemy equally horrifying.


Chapter 28


Carda threw his car in reverse and peeled out backward. The skyscrapers loomed on either side like stone and glass cliffs. Fatewalkers cut them off from one intersection, and Iron Seekers cut them off from the other.
Fatewalkers were squishier.
Carda worked the remote's sticks and hurtled toward the Fatewalkers. A forest of hands reached toward the approaching car, greedy for life force.
"Everybody duck!" 
As everyone flattened in the seats, Carda funneled his fear and frustration into his left hand, shooting green flames from his palm like a flamethrower. He accelerated straight into the Fatewalkers.
The Miata tore through their ranks, and every Fatewalker on the car's left side burned. Fatewalker hands closed on the car's right side, but the Miata tore free. Carda swerved right and headed down another street of skyscrapers.
"Indal!" he yelled over the car's engine, "the Storm mentioned nodes! Like the South Mountain one?"
Indal sat up, gripping the cab's edge with both hands. "Yeah! It must be hitting all the minor nodes downtown!"
Xironi tugged her blowing hair out of her mouth. "If it's cracking nodes, no wonder it devours worlds! It gets in through the world's own magic system!"
A real roadblock awaited them at the end of the street, concrete barriers and orange pylons. Carda turned right again and headed north. "Where's the Storm headed next?"
"I don't know!" Indal yelled. "I never memorized Phoenix's ley node system!"
Michelle leaned over the seat and pointed. "Look, you can see the Storm up there. It didn't go very far. It keeps growing."
Darkness lurked behind the buildings and swirled into the sky. Carda passed the courthouse and spotted a wandering Fatewalker. He ran it down and burned its face, then roared after the Storm. Earth was not ending like Pan, with every man, woman and child slaughtered. How many other worlds had it destroyed?
Another police roadblock stretched across the road, so Carda pulled into a parking lot and cut through the wrong way. The RC Miata hit the road hard enough to bounce everyone a foot in the air. Carda wrestled the remote as the car skidded back and forth, and drove straight under the Storm itself. Darkness clamped down over them. Carda swore and bashed the brake lever.
"Don't stop! Don't stop!" Xironi shrieked, cowering in her seat with one arm upraised.
"Reverse!" Indal yelled.
Carda opened the throttle and shot deeper into the darkness. Driving under it was faster than a three-point-turn--
The car shot into the sunlight, leaving the Storm behind. The black cloud floated in the middle of the street, somehow more bloated than it had been a minute ago.
Then Michelle screamed. Carda looked over his shoulder and his heart froze. A tentacle curled around Michelle's waist and lifted her out of the car, reeling her into the darkness.
Indal threw off his handcuffs and hurled himself out of the car, transforming in midair, and caught hold of the tentacle. It hauled Indal and Michelle together into the Storm.
"No!" Carda fumbled with the remote, jerking the Miata into a violent slide, and looped back toward the Storm.
"Carda!" Xironi yelled in his ear, "you have to stop the Storm to save them!" She pointed across the road. A black and purple fountain spurted out of the street like a corrupted fire hydrant.
The Storm flew away up the street, but Carda parked beside the spewing darkness. His heart beat so hard it hurt, and adrenaline rattled his limbs. "You think they're still alive?"
"Sure they are," said Xironi with too much enthusiasm. "This is an open ley node. Trace a ring of fire around it and close it like a portal."
Carda did. The fountain narrowed and shut off. Then he shot after the Storm.
"You need to learn her name," Xironi said.
"I kind of guessed she's not Rayne anymore," Carda said through clenched teeth. "Now she's taken my sister and my friend. I'm gonna kill her."
Xironi shook her head. "She knows your name. You'll have to learn hers to defeat her. Drive her out of Rayne and break her foothold in reality."
The Storm moved quicker, pausing to open more spurting fountains of darkness. Carda closed each one, but the Storm was nearly ten stories tall. Carda's hopes to save Michelle and Indal waned. Surely it had eaten them by now. Grief and horror welled up inside him, pushing a wave of rage ahead of it.
The chase wove westward, then south. The Storm shot across country, making for South Mountain with its crown of radio antennae. Carda fell behind, slowed by snarled traffic and police blockades. Sitting in a tangle of cars with his blood surging, he said, "You think the Highway still works?"
Xironi bit her lip. "If I can get the portal to open this close to the Storm." She jumped out of the car, tried twice to open a portal, and finally hauled one open and held it while Carda drove through. She closed it behind them, then climbed back in the car.
Carda drove into the Highway darkness, gripping the remote control. Ahead, in the blank darkness of the Highway, lightning flickered. Carda accelerated. "Highway, take us to the Subspace Storm!"
The Highway's reflectors flicked toward them in the RC Miata's too-bright headlights. Lightning branched across the sky, and thunder vibrated the car's frame. Carda's magic sparked against the remote, so he cupped a hand around his keychain medallion. "It's going down, Xironi. Nobody else is getting hurt by this thing."
Xironi's wide eyes reflected the lightning. "Except you?"
Carda glanced at her. "I'm the Strider of Chronos for a reason. I'm the only person in the multiverse who has a shot at stopping it."
Xironi bit her thumbnail. "But what if you don't come back?"
The thought had crossed his mind. What if the Storm grabbed him and swallowed him up? Maybe that'd be a good thing, because he could assault Rayne in the eye of the Storm. "Xironi, it--she-- already got Michelle and Indal. If I can still save them, I will."
Xironi didn't answer, but tears left two shiny tracks down her cheeks. Good grief, she was crying over him. His heart couldn't take any more pain. Carda laid a hand on her shoulder. "I'll learn her name, like you said. Then I'll knock out Rayne and break her hold on Earth."
"You don't get it, do you?" Xironi whispered. "The Storm's taken my family and my world. I can't stand to see it take my friend, too."
A bundle of warmth unfolded in Carda's chest. Why did Xironi only mention these things while hurtling down the Highway toward certain doom? It'd be so much better over a candlelit dinner in a pricy restaurant. "All right, you got me. When I get back, I'll ask you out."
Xironi made a sound halfway between a laugh and a sob. "That's not what I meant!" She wiped her eyes and pointed at his remote. "What's that light?"
Carda glanced down. Low fuel. He exhaled and slammed a fist on the steering wheel. "Dammit! Highway, open a portal to South Mountain and make it snappy."
A portal swirled to life up ahead. Carda braked and pulled through as the engine coughed. What timing. He hadn't refilled the RC car after using it last time, and even with the space expansion, it probably had barely a third of a tank.
He shaded his eyes from the blinding sunlight. The portal had dropped them in the parking lot used by hikers on the north side of the mountain. Perfect.
But as he angled toward a parking spot, Xironi grabbed his arm and shrieked, "Carda!"
Two Iron Seekers stalked across the parking lot toward them. Adrenaline spiked through Carda's veins. Not now, not here! He thumbed the remote and flipped a tight U, but the Seekers blocked the parking lot exit. He'd have to jump the curb and hope the lightweight car didn't flip.
The Miata coughed again. Oh yeah, no gas. "Xironi, can you teleport us?"
Xironi reached out with her left hand, fingers fumbling. "Maybe if I had more time! My spells barely work right now!"
Up ahead, the Iron Seekers' limbs shifted, as if their joints were loosening in preparation for a capture.
Carda tightened his grip on the remote and jammed the throttle all the way open. The armor's structure was weaker, and the Miata had enough gas for one last burst of speed-
The Miata tore through the Seekers, armor flying everywhere with a terrific clattering crash. But the car's plastic hood and windshield shattered. The car coasted to the road and died. It'd put up a heroic fight. It would always have the place of honor in Carda's model case.
Carda leaped out of the car. "Xironi, come on, we can still run for it--"
Xironi sat straight in the seat, both arms encased in black armor. She shot Carda a wide-eyed look. "It's got me."
"No!" Carda ran around the car and yanked at the armor. It didn't budge.
Xironi gasped. "Don't, that's my sore shoulder!"
"I can't let it take you!"
Xironi's blue eyes fixed on his. "You can't stop it. The rest will take me in a minute. I'll be safe once it hauls me off. Go, quick, before the other suit gets you!"
Carda opened the door for her, and Xironi leaped out, arms at her sides. Her tail lashed. "I'll try to keep them busy. Go! Run!"
Carda fled eastward across South Mountain's flank, weaving through brush and rocks. 
Behind him, Xironi ran straight at the Seekers, and knocked one over with a flying kick. Good girl! At least she'd go down fighting. Carda gave a laugh like a cough. 
After this, no more sacrifices. He couldn't handle any more.
The sky darkened above the hill to the right. Carda scrambled uphill, sometimes on all fours, avoiding cacti and acacia. The sun's heat burned his back, and the ground's reflected heat burned his front. No wonder the desert killed people. It was a rotisserie oven.
Complaining about the heat kept his mind off the Storm. How did it--she--kill someone, anyway? Drain them of their energy? Did she have an actual mouth somewhere? Or did she pull a person to pieces in her tentacles? He'd find out in a minute. First, get her name. Second, take out Rayne. He pulled out his car keys and squeezed the medallion in his palm.
Gasping for breath, Carda arrived on the ridge. The Storm floated a hundred feet away, now a thundercloud the size of Gilbert and growing. As he looked at it, the cloud illusion faded to a black hole in space. A human-shaped hole with wings. The tentacles had vanished, perhaps because the Storm was too immense for them.
 Carda cupped both hands to his mouth. "Hey you!"
"Hello, Strider of Chronos," said the Storm's silky female voice. "You've arrived in time to watch the complete destruction of your world. I'd hoped you wouldn't miss it."
The Storm engulfed the sky with banks of iron gray clouds. Phoenix fell into shadow. A gust of cold wind struck Carda's face. In a minute it'd chill him, but for now it cooled his sweaty body like air conditioning.
He drew a deep breath. Keep her talking, get her name. "Anybody ever mention you talk like a girl?"
"Because I am," said the Storm. "Or didn't you know that?"
"Can't say I've ever talked to you before."
The Storm laughed, red lightning rippling through its layers of clouds. Overhead, the clouds seeped in every direction, covering the sun. "They've neglected your education, Carda Chase. Has no one mentioned to you why Illianna was famous?"
Uh oh. He should have researched his predecessor. "The chick who got murdered?"
"Yes," the Storm purred, her voice dropping. "So disappointed I missed it. She imprisoned me in the first place. I am Inferna, blackwing angelus."
Ha. There was her name. Inferna was so stuck up she didn't know when to shut up.
"The Storm is only a manifestation of my power. Once I consume Earth, my prison will weaken and I will be free once more. Pity you won't be there to greet me."
Even though adrenaline poured through his tensed muscles, Carda forced himself to walk toward the Storm's center. Michelle and Indal were in there, possibly dead, maybe alive. Xironi was captured. All of them depended on Carda to get this right. Fear crawled up his throat, and he swallowed. Gusts of chilly wind buffeted his face. The ground under the Storm had been blasted clean of brush and rocks. The sand had been fused into a solid glassy mass, as if the Storm's eye wielded the power of a nuclear blast.
Oh, God, I'm going to die.
Carda's muscles locked as icy fear jabbed through him. He cupped his hands and built a green fireball the size of a pumpkin, then hurled it at the Storm. It vanished into the darkness like a pebble down a well.
Inferna laughed, sending knives of humiliation through Carda's soul.
Grinding his teeth, he held up both hands and began assembling a stun spell. Spatial fireballs wouldn't cut it when the Storm fed on space. He had to knock out Rayne at its core.
A tentacle flicked out of the clouds and smacked Carda in the chest, knocking him sprawling. The spell fizzled out.
"Go on, try more magic," Inferna said.
Carda scrambled to his feet, chest smarting as if he'd been flicked with a whip. He cupped his hands together to build the spell in a less obvious way, watching for another tentacle.
The ground rolled underneath him, flinging him on his face. Blood filled his mouth. As he crawled to his feet, Inferna said, "I control the elements on this plane, Carda. Your sad attempts to unseat me are in vain. Once I break open this ley node, I'll consume Earth with its own magic."
Carda spat and wiped his split lip. The ice in his heart warmed into a volcano of rage. "As much as you talk, I'd think you're stalling."
Crimson lightning stabbed into the center of Phoenix. Inferna's voice bubbled with mirth. "Of course I'm stalling. I want to see you perform before you die. It's a delight to kill Striders of Chronos."
Green and purple magic flamed from Carda's hands. He clasped them around his medallion, and the magic glinted gold. Gold magic? How did that work?
But pressing his hands together only made the fire and lightning billow away from each other. 
Aw, screw it. Carda held out both hands and poured a river of fire and lightning into the Storm.
Something heavy clamped over his left arm. Carda staggered sideways. A Seeker gauntlet had latched on to him, shutting down his strongest hand and source of magic.
A lone Seeker stood on the ridge in the distance, the rest of its arm upraised. It stalked toward Carda, one step at a time.
"Poor little Carda," Inferna cooed. "Trying to stop me with a magic handicap. So heroic." A tentacle thick enough to lift an elephant swung out of the Storm and curled toward Carda. "Don't worry, love. I'll end your life long before it reaches you."
Carda fired lightning at it, but the tentacle coiled around his waist, lifted him off his feet and reeled him into the darkness.
The cold air in his face told him he was traveling forward, but how fast he couldn't tell. He held up his right hand and let lightning flare to life. It illuminated himself and the tentacle holding him. The light reflected off the edges of other objects he couldn't identify. More tentacles? Clouds? Debris? 
"Michelle! Indal!"
"They can't hear you," said Inferna, her voice soft and very close. Carda held his hand higher, and illuminated the being at the Storm's core.
Rayne hung in midair head drooping, arms and legs dangling, his body coated in black. The purple crystal still hung around his neck.
A ghostly woman's body was superimposed over him. She wore a red dress that hid very little, jewels around her neck, and chains bound her wrists and ankles. Black wings spread from her shoulders. She wiggled her fingers at Carda.
He gaped at her.
Man, snap out of it. She's evil. Of course she dresses like that. 
"So that's why the Storm looks like an angel."
Inferna flashed a perfect smile. "It's my shadow."
Carda pointed at Rayne with his armored hand. "What'd you do to him?"
Inferna looked at the figure with a fond smile, and caressed his face with one transparent hand. "This was Rayne Mistral. He worked tirelessly to free me, but in the end his mistakes taught me how to create the Subspace Storm."
Carda stared at the black figure, mouth twisting. "That's sick. Is he alive?"
Inferna shrugged. She lifted both chained arms, and Rayne's body did the same. "It's time to open the last node, dear Carda. I've saved you the best seat of all." She lashed both arms downward, and lightning shot from Rayne's hands.
The darkness below peeled away, revealing the smoothed-out spot on the mountain's ridge. Inferna's lightning shattered the glass, and black smoke poured upward, feeding the Storm's power.
Screams filled the Storm's blackness. Distorted faces swirled around Inferna, each a different color, all with staring eyes and gaping mouths. One of them looked like Demetrius. 
Carda recoiled. "What the hell?"
Inferna threw her head back and lifted both arms, guiding the smoke upward into the Storm. She licked her lips. "Such power! So delicious!"
The Storm's blackness opened all around with views of landscapes--mountains, prairies, river valleys, cities, towns, deserts, oceans. At first Carda thought they were different locations on Earth. But where on Earth the city was built in the side of cliffs? Wait, those were other worlds. Hundreds of them! New vistas everywhere he looked.
The Storm entered every world. It crawled across a valley as block fog. It touched down in a city as a thundering black tornado. It split the sky above the cliff city. In every direction rock collapsed, buildings fell, people died.
One of the scenes was Pan, cracked from pole to pole with the Storm feasting on its magic. Earth had not yet fractured, but the Storm spread her wings over Phoenix, reaching into its ley lines.
Jets of colored light spiraled into Inferna's body, siphoned from all the worlds. She pulled at the chains on her wrists and ankles, as if trying to tear free. Her chains were attached to the worlds? No wonder she was trying so hard to destroy them.
Carda thrashed in the tentacle's grip, but it might as well have been made of iron. Earth was poised to die, and there was nothing he could do.
Inferna's eyes glowed red. "Before I end your life, I'd like to show you what you're missing." She flicked a ghostly hand at the darkness overhead. A glowing spot appeared. It expanded to show a vision of Carda standing in a courtroom with high walls. His hands were chained together, and he stood with his head bowed.
"Should you survive, you'll stand trial for every mistake you've made since becoming the Strider of Chronos. They'll hold you responsible for Earth's destruction. You'll go to prison for the rest of your life."
Carda stared at the image. She was lying. It was a trick.
"In case you don't believe me, here's the rest of your friends." The image shifted sideways. Xironi stood with her hands bound behind her. Indal was in his wolf body, crouched inside a steel cage and wearing a muzzle. Michelle lay in a coffin, eyes closed and hands folded on her chest.
Carda inhaled and stiffened. His whole body went cold. The tentacle coiled around his chest.
"You've doomed them all." Inferna licked her lips, eyes burning like embers, feasting on his anguish. "It's time for your life to end, Strider of Chronos. Surrender the medallion."
Carda opened his right hand and looked at his keychain and medallion in the dull reflected light from the ground. Why did she want it? A trophy?
Then a flash of purple from the crystal on Rayne's chest caught his attention. 
One last, desperate hope flared to life inside him.
He grabbed the medallion in his teeth and worked it free of the key ring. "Fine. You win. But I'm going to tell you something, Inferna, so listen good."
Inferna tilted her head with a mocking smile.
The coils tightened around Carda's body, threatening to throttle him. He drew his last deep breath. "Killing me doesn't change a thing. Destroy Earth, destroy all the worlds, whatever. You know how the Strider of Chronos thing works? It's passed on at death. There will always be a Strider of Chronos to fight you, and one of them will take you out."
Inferna threw back her head and laughed.
Carda tilted the medallion toward Rayne's purple crystal, and fired every last drop of his magic. Lightning exploded from the medallion in purple and gold spirals, and struck the crystal.
The crystal glowed magenta for a second--then it shattered.
Inferna's laugh changed to a shriek.
The medallion continued to blast golden light through the Storm like a laser beam. Carda aimed it into Inferna's face. Time to use her name. "Inferna! Get back in your prison!"
Inferna threw up both arms to shield her face, screaming like metal on glass. Her form dissolved into smoke.
The tentacle dropped him. Carda fell to the shattered ground beside the open node and landed hard, pain shooting through both ankles. He dropped the medallion and clutched his legs. 
The medallion shot golden magic in a fountain straight up the Storm's core, burning through tentacles and punching holes in the darkness.
Debris rained from the clouds. A car crashed to the ground ten feet from Carda.
Inferna's screams deepened into a man's voice, and Rayne appeared in the darkness overhead, writhing as the blackness covering him burned away. Then he plunged to the ground twenty feet away, where he lay in a boneless heap.
The Storm's core swirled away into nothing, leaving only high altitude clouds over Phoenix. The sun glanced through them in long golden rays. Carda leaned back on one elbow and laughed. Rayne's crystal had been Inferna's weak point all along!
The medallion's light faded, and smoke wafted from its face. Carda scooped it up and blew on it. He'd never underestimate this sucker again.
Carda climbed to his feet. His left ankle had taken the brunt of his landing, and red-hot needles stabbed through it. Balancing on his right foot, he yelled, "Michelle! Indal! Can you hear me?"
Strong arms grabbed him around the neck. The attacker swung Carda downhill and slammed him to the ground. Rayne snarled in his ear, "I was immortal! You killed her! I'll kill you!"
Carda couldn't breathe. Black spots swam before his eyes. He'd saved the world, and now this jerk was going to strangle him. 
He backhanded Rayne with his armored hand. Iron met bone with a wet smack, and Rayne's grip loosened. Carda threw him off and scrambled away, his ankle tormenting him at every step.
Rayne tackled Carda, curled fingers tearing at his eyes. Carda grabbed Rayne's right wrist and blocked the other with his metal glove. 
Rayne stared into Carda's face, pupils dilated too wide, like an animal in agony.
"Dude!" Carda exclaimed. "Inferna's gone! Cool it!"
"I had so much power!" Rayne screamed. "You took it away!" He flung Carda backward down the hill. Carda rolled twice, rocks goring his back, and finally landed on all fours. 
Rayne pelted after him, teeth bared as if ready to bite.
Carda tried to throw up a shield spell, but with his space magic cut off, only managed to zap Rayne with lightning. Rayne stumbled, and one of his ankles wrenched sideways on the rocks. The bone snapped like a dry twig. But Rayne whirled and ran at Carda again.
"You're insane!" Carda hopped sideways and threw more lightning at Rayne. As Rayne stumbled past Carda, Rayne's broken ankle flopped on the ground. Carda shuddered with sudden realization. Rayne's brain had cooked like a drug addict's on an overdose.
Rayne stood still, chest heaving. He lifted one green-lit hand and tore space open in a zigzag of green fire.
Carda fled down the hillside in limping strides, but Rayne walked after him, tearing space like a sheet of newspaper. Another hillside appeared through the gap, this one covered in waving grass.
"Rayne! Stop it, please!"
Rayne's eyes burned with madness. He grasped another handful of space and tore it harder.
Carda stood his ground. He couldn't let Rayne tear apart all of South Mountain! Carda grabbed either side of the spatial rip as it threatened to tear through his torso.
It should have been easy to close the rip, but Carda's insides quivered with magic exhaustion. He clutched the rift's edges. Slowly the tear inched apart, creeping toward him. Great. Carda had survived a blackwing angelus and a Subspace Storm, only to die a stupid death at the hands of a madman.
Something sailed over the rip and struck Rayne with the force of a battering ram. Rayne flew across the hillside, fell and bounced. Carda snapped the rip shut. It closed along its length with a clap like folding canvas.
A gray, hairy beast bounded after Rayne and grabbed his neck in its jaws. It jerked its head backward and blood splattered the rocks. Rayne died without a sound.
Oh crap, it was Indal.
Indal shook the body like a chew toy, flung it away and stood panting, tongue hanging out of red-stained jaws.
Carda rubbed his face. Rayne was dead. Was it bad to feel relieved that his would-be killer was dead? What a way to go. Having his brain eaten by a killer angel and his throat torn out by a werewolf.
And now Indal had killed a human being. Carda stomped toward the garwaf. "Dammit Indal! Did you have to kill him?"
The wolf looked at him, then sank to its belly and flattened its ears. Slowly the gray fur and muzzle shrank away, leaving Indal crouched on the rocks with blood on his face. Indal stood up, dusting himself off. He looked at Carda with his eyebrows furrowed. "I saved your life."
Carda looked at Rayne's lifeless face. They'd never race each other down the highway again. And all along, Rayne had been Inferna's pawn. Unexpected pain gripped Carda's heart. "I should have tried to save him."
Indal gazed at Rayne a moment, and his face puckered as if he tasted something bitter. "I didn't mean to kill him. The wolf--I mean, it was so crazy from being in the Storm--"
Carda knelt beside Rayne and closed his lifeless eyes. "I'm sorry, Rayne."
"I'm sorry, too," Indal said quietly. "More than you know."
Carda stood up, shaking his head. Talk about a soured victory. "Where's Michelle?"
"Over here." Indal picked his way across the slope, through the random storm debris. Then he halted.
Two Iron Seekers paced toward them. A third walked away downhill, fading from sight. 
Carda's aching heart clenched even tighter. "It got her. Was she all right?"
Indal's shoulders slumped. "I kept her alive. We might as well surrender now." Half his face scrunched in a smile, and he punched Carda's shoulder. "You saved the world, dude."
"You saved my sister," Carda said. "Brofist!"
They bumped fists, then held up their hands and walked toward the Seekers.


Chapter 29


Dimensional travel via Iron Seeker was bumpy and dark, but it wasn't all bad. Carda dozed, weariness weighing on him, slumped inside the too-large suit.
Within ten minutes the suit disassembled with a clatter like a cupboard of dropped dishes. It deposited Carda in a jail cell with concrete walls, a tiny window in the ceiling, and a thick steel door. The Seeker disappeared. Carda limped to the cot, threw himself down and slept.
Some time later, a voice in Carda's ear awakened him. "Shiny?"
Carda cracked an eyelid. Ben sat on the cot beside his head, orange eyes anxious.
"Hey Ben," he murmured, rubbing the lizard's head. "Where were you when I was getting beat on?"
"Shiny," said Ben, apologetic.
Carda propped himself up on his elbows. "Naw, it's not your fault. I wished I could have run away. Do I get a last meal before my trial?"
"Shiny!" Ben jumped off the cot and vanished. The steel door clanged as someone unlocked it.
Carda sat up and combed his fingers through his hair. His clothes were dusty and crusted with tentacle slime. Not the way he wanted to appear in court.
A gray-haired man in a black robe opened the door. "Carda Chase?"
Carda stood up. His ankle felt completely well. "That's me."
The man extended a hand, his smile erasing decades from his face. "I'm Jonas of the High Council."
Carda's stomach clenched as Inferna's vision flashed through his mind. "You're on the High Council? What, did they already pass judgment?"
Jonas chuckled. "Not yet. I wanted to talk to you before the trial and find out what happened." He waved a hand, and a purple spark soared over Carda's head. "This account will be recorded, of course."
"Oh." Carda drooped. Running through his entire testimony on an empty stomach? The magic exhaustion and nap had left him ravenous. "Can I at least have a snack first?"
"Of course." Jonas snapped his fingers, and a tray appeared on Carda's bed. It contained a sandwich wrapped in plastic, a bag of chips, a cup of sliced fruit and a bottle of water.
Carda sat down and peeled the sandwich. "How much do you know?"
"Start from last week," Jonas said. "When your powers first broke through."
"That far? Gosh. Okay." Carda took a bite, chewed and swallowed. "I was taking my English final, when I felt weird and my hand caught fire ..."
Carda talked for an hour. Jonas listened with his head bowed, occasionally nodding or asking a clarifying question. 
At last Carda's story wound down with his surrender to the Seekers. He leaned back on the bed. "You think I'll go to prison?"
Jonas shook his head. "We seldom imprison our Striders of Chronos. Come with me. Your companions will be finished with their questioning by now, and we need to compare your stories."
"Are they okay? Indal and Michelle got taken by the Storm, and Xironi's shoulder--"
"You've all been attended by our best healers," Jonas said. "Your friend Indal saved your sister in a unique way, and that will reduce his sentence considerably."
"He'll still do time?"
Jonas sighed. "I'm against it, but the other Council members despise spliced individuals. We'll see how the trial goes."

***

Xironi, Indal and Michelle awaited Carda in the Council Chamber, below the elevated amphitheater seats. Indal wore his handcuffs again, the chain repaired. Michelle's clothes were rumpled and dirty, and Indal's shirt was torn in the pattern of tentacle suckers. But Xironi waved. Nobody was in chains, a cage, or a coffin.
Carda walked up to them, hugged Xironi and Michelle, then slapped Indal on the back. "Good to see you guys in one piece." Carda pressed Xironi's hand with an extra smile, then turned to Michelle. "How'd you survive the Storm?"
Michelle jerked her head at Indal. "The wolf is immune to magic. He grabbed me and never let go."
Indal nodded, cheeks flushed. "I was trying to protect her, then I realized the Storm's magic didn't hurt the wolf at all. Then it started throwing debris at us." He pointed at a pink scar across his nose, newly healed.
"Ahem," someone said overhead.
The seats had filled over the last few minutes. The four High Council members sat at the edge of the wall, gazing down at them and adjusting papers. Behind them sat the Lower Council in brown, maroon or black robes, like a jury. Carda gulped and wished he hadn't eaten so much lunch. He'd get off because of the Strider of Chronos thing, but what about everybody else?
He'd have to stand up for them all.
"Carda Chase," said one of the High Council members, a short man with mustard-colored hair. "Yesterday, Tuesday, May twenty-eighth, you worked a ritual to unleash an anti-magic pulse. This pulse neutralized all magic in a three mile radius. We had dozens of reports of household spells collapsing and migraines among the local magical community. Today you recklessly endangered the lives of three other mages while in pursuit of the Subspace Storm. Does the accused have anything to say in his defense?"
"Why yes. As a matter of fact, I do." Carda stepped forward. "You're welcome."
The Council member raised an eyebrow. "Beg your pardon?"
Carda raised his voice and faced the Council with every ounce of indignation he could muster. "I just saved an entire world from the Subspace Storm. By myself. What's more, I saved quite a few other worlds from suffering the same fate.
"Not only that, but I did all that with no backup from you people whatsoever. I also pulled this off with zero training. Hell, up until a week ago, I didn't even have magical powers. So I'm going to pay for a crime that exists in no law book on Earth? You're out of your jurisdiction on that one."
"All magical occurrences in Class 1 worlds are the jurisdiction of the Council--"
"Then why the hell would you send a greenhorn like me to do battle against something that would make H.P. Lovecraft wet the bed?"
The High Council bench sat in silence, glaring down at Carda.. Except for Jonas, who had turned away, shoulders shaking. Was he laughing?
Carda charged on. "I get it. You guys can't interfere with the timeline. So that sort of thing becomes my job. And you're trying to tell me that someone with that level of responsibility isn't allowed to bend the rules when it comes to protecting the people he cares about? What the hell, people?"
A sour-faced man with a goatee said, "Your predecessor was a loose cannon. We can't allow--"
"I am not my predecessor! For one thing, I'm still alive!"
Jonas cleared his throat. "Mind your tone, Carda. Illianna was one of our best."
Carda nodded. "Sorry. But don't you get it? How am I supposed to do this job without training?" Carda summoned the Manual and tossed in on the floor in front of him. "And don't even get me started on that thing. I've seen smaller copies of the Encyclopedia Britannica.
"So before you go locking me up on charges that would get you laughed out of any courthouse in Phoenix, consider this: I would tell you all to 'go to hell' if I hadn't just worked very hard to prevent that. So again: You're welcome." Carda walked back to the defendant's bench, sat down, and crossed his arms. Michelle gave his arm an encouraging punch. Xironi and Indal, however, looked as if they'd been sentenced to death with no appeal.
Jonas spoke up again. "Now that the defendant has said his piece, the High Council must decide: are the charges against the defendant to be upheld?"
Goatee spoke first. "He's as bad as Illianna."
The fat one added, "It's true that he may have stopped the Storm before it did too much damage, but that doesn't excuse the fact that he broke Council Law. Results do not excuse methods."
"Except that both Illianna and Carda have averted major catastrophes with multiversal implications," Jonas said.
"And impassioned though his defense plea may have been, Carda raises a good point," said mustard-hair. "We can hardly expect someone who's held the office for a week to be well-versed in Council Law. His actions, however regrettable, had no long-term effects on anything beyond his father's artifacts."
Carda cringed. His dad was going to kill him when he got home.
Jonas looked at Carda. "Well?"
Carda blinked. "Well what?"
"You're about to learn one of the most important duties of the Strider of Chronos."
"And that is?"
Xironi leaned forward a little, smiling. "Breaking ties."
Carda blinked again. "What."
Xironi met Carda's gaze. "When the High Council reaches a stalemate, the Strider of Chronos is called upon to place the tie-breaking vote." The smile in her eyes spread to her mouth, and soon to the faces of everyone sitting on the bench.
Carda stood up, grinning ear to ear. "I presume I'm free to go."
"So is Xironi," Jonas said. "She's guilty of nothing except aiding and abetting you."
"Wait, what about Indal and me?" Michelle asked, frowning.
Jonas lifted a sheaf of paper and paged through it. "Ah yes. I'm afraid their charges aren't tied directly to your own, Carda."
Carda looked at Jonas, then at Indal and Michelle. "I guess we're staying for the next trial, then."
The Council grilled Michelle for upwards of an hour about her brazen rescue of Indal, as well as working gravity magic in a magic-free sector of the Council. Michelle repeated over and over, "I was trying to save everybody and I needed Indal."
They pronounced her guilty. The fattest member of the High Council said, "Your sentence is remedial gravity mage classes with Christine Perry."
Michelle frowned up at them. "Wait, you're giving me training instead of prison?"
Jonas smiled. "Gravity mages are extremely rare and too valuable to waste. She runs the dance studio near your home."
Michelle's eyes widened, and she beamed like a lighthouse. "Oh, thank you!"
The inquiry turned to Indal.
Three of the High Council tore into Indal, questioning his supposed murders, his escape from his previous trial, his flight across other worlds, and his murder of Rayne Mistral. Indal denied the first murders, and explained he'd killed Rayne to save Carda.
Carda watched all this, arms folded. They'd better not kill Indal, because Carda needed him as a magical consultant. Carda's legs ached from standing so long, but as the Strider of Chronos, he felt he owed it to Indal.
"Indal, by law we should execute you where you stand," said the goateed grump, whose name was Matthias. "You're spliced with an extremely dangerous garwaf, and you killed a madman within seconds. The garwaf is immune to magic, making you a menace to mages everywhere."
Indal clenched his fists.
Jonas stood up, shooting Matthias a look. "But you also saved Michelle Chase with the garwaf, an unusual and astonishing achievement." Matthias and Jonas glared at each other.
Matthias cleared his throat and continued. "Yes. You've demonstrated control over your other body. We've also received intelligence that the previous killings in Scottsdale were perpetrated by Rayne Mistral himself, no doubt under the influence of Inferna."
Carda, Indal and the girls breathed sighs of relief.
"Therefore," Matthias said, "instead of execution, we've lightened your sentence to exile."
Indal's jaw dropped. "Exile? To where?"
"Earth, of course," Jonas said. "Phoenix, Arizona, but a thousand years in the past. Plenty of room for the garwaf."
Indal shot a horrified look at Michelle. She pressed her hands to her face.
Carda pointed at Indal. "You can't banish him! I'm still trying to fix his splice!"
The High Council leaned together and whispered. They straightened and Jonas said, "Indal is permitted one weekend home every month."
Indal exhaled. "Better than nothing."
"Better than nothing!" Rage rose inside Carda like a tidal wave of lava. "He's my friend! I totally vote against this!"
The Council exchanged glances. Matthias said, "Even with your vote, the decision is still three to two."
Carda exhaled, looked at Indal and shook his head. "I'll get you off somehow."
Indal nodded and studied the floor.
"As for the rest of you," Jonas said, raising his voice, "you are pardoned in light of your actions to save Earth from annihilation. Carda managed to do what no mortal has yet done on any world, and destroyed the Subspace Storm itself. Our top people will be dispatched to reinforce Inferna's prison. She won't be transmitting her powers again anytime soon."
A few more words were said, and everyone was dismissed. Indal followed them as far as the chamber door, eyes bleak. "Exile's not so bad. I guess I'll see you all in a month."
Michelle flung her arms around him, and they held each other a long moment. It didn't bother Carda at all. Heck, he wanted to hug the guy, himself. He settled for a hand on Indal's shoulder. "It'll only be a month, dude. When you come home, I'll make sure you stay."
Indal's eyes thanked him.
Xironi drew Carda out in the hallway to give Indal and Michelle a moment alone. They sat on a visitor's bench outside, and Carda's aching feet rejoiced.
"You did good," Xironi said. "Stopping the Storm and everything."
Carda nodded. "It was touch and go for a while. But I never stopped thinking about you." He gazed into her eyes and brushed a tendril of auburn hair behind one of her pointed ears. Even unbrushed and unshowered, she turned his insides to mush. "So...I meant what I said about asking you out."
Xironi's cheeks reddened, and she looked down. "I'll ask Grandpa once he calms down a bit. I wasn't supposed to stay on Earth during the Storm. I'm probably grounded."
Carda chuckled. "Yeah. Definitely catch him in a good mood."

***


Carda and Michelle took the Earth portal home. Michelle drifted off to her room, but their mother caught Carda as he sneaked a soda from the fridge.
"There you are," said Abigail, hands on her hips. "Where in the world have you been? I've been calling and calling your phone!"
Carda pulled it out of his pocket. The screen was a spiderweb of cracks from when he'd landed on a rock while fighting Rayne. "I guess I broke it."
Abigail gaped. "What've you been doing?"
"Uh...you know those fires and stuff downtown? We got caught in that. We're okay, though."
"Carda!" His mother hugged him. "Don't ever do that to me again! I've been following the reports online, and there's been all kinds of deaths out there. Michelle?" She dashed down the hall to Michelle's room.
Carda opened his soda and drank half of it. If only he could tell her everything! At least he had Dad.
Abigail returned, wiping her eyes. "You two had better not do this ever again." She scooped an envelope off the counter and handed it to him. "This came in the mail." Sniffing, she left the kitchen.
Carda leaned against the cabinets and tore the envelope open. No return address, no postmark. How weird. Two slips of paper slid out. One was a short letter from the Council. "Carda Chase, Strider of Chronos, please accept this payment for services rendered." The other paper was a check.
Carda counted the zeroes. Then he counted them again.
"What is it?" called his mother from her office.
He had to lick his lips before he could form words. "My paycheck."

***

Carda had deposited his check, and was examining his bank balance online, when his father walked into his room and closed the door.
Carda swiveled in his chair. "Am I in trouble?"
Jonathan sat on the bed. "What did you do to my artifacts?"
Oh, right. "I kind of burned them up in a ritual."
Jonathan's eyes flashed. "Explain."
It was like an extension of the Council trial. Carda recounted the Storm's first attack on the house, and of working the anti-magic pulse. "I'm really sorry about the artifacts, Dad. I'll buy you some new ones."
Jonathan's eyes narrowed. "You'll buy me more precious, one-of-a-kind Sumarian and Babylonian artifacts?"
"Right, maybe not. I did stop the Subspace Storm and saved the multiverse. Does that count?"
Jonathan gazed at him for a long moment. Then he leaned forward and hugged Carda. 
Surprised, Carda returned it. "What's this for?"
Jonathan stood up, grinning. "I'm proud of you, son. Mages have fought the Storm for years, and you're the one who stopped it. Good job."
Carda's heart swelled. High praise, when a week ago he'd been torching his classroom.
"Hey Dad, look at this." He lifted his battered RC car out of the display case. "You'll never guess how this got crunched."
Jonathan's eyebrows arched. "I can't wait to hear this one."

***

A few hours later, someone knocked at the front door. Carda looked up from his desk where the RC Miata lay dissected, its broken parts arranged in rows. Xironi's voice said, "I brought this for Carda. To say thanks, you know."
"Come on in," said his mother's voice.
Carda hurried down the hall as Xironi lugged an immense cake carrier into the kitchen. She spotted him. "Oh, hi! I hope you like chocolate." Xironi opened the cake carrier and revealed a twelve-inch tall confection slathered in chocolate icing.
Carda grinned. "Want to stay and have a slice? It'll be our first date."
"Don't mind if I do!"
Carda cut the cake and served it, admiring the five layers and chocolate filling. Michelle appeared and claimed a slice.
As the girls sat at the table, Xironi asked Michelle, "How're you coping?"
Michelle's eyes were red, but she forced a smile. "I'm all right. I'm doing research to help Indal survive out there. A thousand years ago, this part of Arizona had more rainfall. More trees and stuff." She lowered her voice. "I'm going to smuggle him some tools and a Bowie knife."
"Don't get caught," Xironi said with a laugh.
Carda handed them each a slice of cake and took an enormous slice for himself. He sat down and sampled it. Delicious. "As new jobs go, this one is pretty interesting. Risk life and limb, fight monsters, save the world, exile a friend, and eat cake."
Xironi raised her fork in a salute. "Here's to lots more cake."
"And a lot less friend-banishing," Michelle said.

***

Demetrius sat on a chair in a dark cell and stared into a mirror on the wall.
Inferna looked out of the mirror, sleek and sultry, and still chained. "I assume Rayne didn't survive."
"No, he didn't." Demetrius clenched his fists. "I can't believe you started the Subspace Storm. You! And all these years I thought you were helping me fight it!"
Inferna smiled and tilted her chin down. "I didn't know I could start the Storm until I did it, love. I knew what worlds it had destroyed, so I danced around the timeline and did it myself."
"Carda Chase ended the Storm," Demetrius said through his teeth. "Something no other Strider of Chronos ever accomplished."
Inferna waved a hand. "Chase got lucky. He'd supercharged the blasted medallion with angelic power." Her face contorted in a scowl.
"You'd better not consort with any other mages." Demetrius gave her an identical scowl.
Inferna's expression lightened to a flirtatious smile. "Oh, my dear Dunixi. Don't be jealous. You'll always have my power at your command." She reached a hand to the mirror's surface, and pressed a new, tiny black crystal to it. The crystal emerged from the mirror and dropped into Demetrius's hand.
Demetrius gazed at her in distrust as he tucked it into his shirt pocket. "I'd better."

***

High in the Chronostrider Council building, a young woman with long black hair sat beside a single window. It was spatially enchanted to open on a sky bright with a galaxy's core, bathing her room in twilight.
The girl pushed open the window. A black lizard scrambled over the sill and dropped to the floor.
"Hello Ben." The girl pulled out a pad of paper and a pencil. "Do you have your report?"
The lizard nodded. His body rippled with purple light, and he expanded into a black dragon who filled the room. "Sorry, Deirdre. It's easier to report in at my mature age."
Deirdre waved a hand. "No problem. I'm ready."
Ben related everything that had happened since he had encountered Carda, including a detailed account of the battle against the Inferna, and Rayne's final attack. Deirdre took it down in rapid shorthand, pausing occasionally to turn the page.
When Ben concluded his report, Deirdre said, "Thank you, Ben. Your report matches our other witnesses' stories, and it does help Indal's case."
"Good," Ben said. "Indal slips me treats whenever he opens his scrying spell. I like him."
"You like anybody who feeds you. " Deirdre reached into a desk drawer and pulled out three polished gold coins. She placed them in one of Ben's outstretched claws. "Your pay."
The dragon examined the gold and flicked his tongue out to taste it. "Twenty carat," he said. "Shiny."

The end



Acknowledgments

For updates on further books, subscribe to my newsletter!

Its odd to step back and look at the process of composing a book, and realize how many people helped it become what it is.
First, thanks to Ryan, my husband and co-brainstormer, who dreamed up this story and let me write it.
Second, to the Sandbox critique group, who graciously sacrificed their valuable time to chew through draft after draft of Storm Chase: Lynn, Jennette, Dave, Brian, Mick, and Bethany. They pointed out weaknesses, encouraged rewrites, and told me when I had screwed up.
Thanks to Rachel for being my close critique partner all this time. She's put up with my whining waffle and told me straight out what I needed to hear, not what I wanted to hear.
To everybody who helped with Storm Chase, thank you so much!

And thank you for reading! If you enjoyed the book, why not leave a review?

About the author:

K. M. Carroll has been writing fanfiction since her teens, and is thrilled to have finally written something original. She lives in Phoenix, Arizona with her husband and four children, and struggles to capture the bizarre subtropical desert in the Spacetime books.

Catch her blog at netraptor.org/blog. Or visit the official Spacetime Legacy website at spacetime.netraptor.org
Connect on Facebook or 
Twitter: @netraptor01
