

The Works of Julius St. Clair
(Novel and Series Sampler)
By
Julius St. Clair



Copyright © 2014 by Julius St. Clair
All rights reserved. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This ebook, remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.

This Sampler Collection contains excerpts of Julius St. Clair’s novels. 
These are NOT full novels or collections.     




Table of Contents:						

Novels:
Obsidian Sky							Epic Fantasy/Romance
The Last of the Sages 						Epic Fantasy
Upgrade								Science Fiction
My Immortal Playlist						Paranormal Romance
The Deadly Ones							Supernatural Thriller/Crime
End of Angels 							Fantasy/Christian Fiction

Short Story Series:
Champion #1 (of the Champion Series)				Superhero/Fantasy/Romance
Weather Brothers # 1 (of the Weather Brothers Series)		Superheroes/Fantasy
Face Punch (of the Face Punch Trilogy)				Humor/Action

Nonfiction:
When Purpose and Dreams Collide				Inspirational/Self-Help



An Excerpt From
Obsidian Sky
(Book #1 of the Obsidian Saga)

Chapter 1 – The Day the World Ended
The one-room schoolhouse was painfully tiny, and even more so now that nearly half of the village of Lowsunn was beginning to crowd in, each individual clamoring for a coveted seat on one of the few oak pews in the center. Consequently, anyone that was late was forced to stand upon their aching feet. The stampede of villagers kicked up a cloud of dust that eventually settled on the floorboards, which creaked under the collective weight. Though there were nearly two hundred villagers in attendance, no one said a word, the only sound being the groaning of the structure itself.
All of the extra desks and chairs had been removed. All unnecessary equipment had been locked away, and even the Elders of Lowsunn were surprised to see just how many students were able to fit into the boxy room. Within minutes, the only part of the floor not occupied by a pair of weary shoes was a meager five foot square space in the front. There the science/history teacher stood with a maniacal smile, causing a few of his colleagues nearby to wince in disgust. Not one member of the excited audience, young or old, cared for teacher politics, and so they did their best to ignore the exchange. And really, it didn’t matter how much the other teachers hated Mr. Young. Nothing short of a fire was going to make them disperse. For the only time in the entire year, he had the spotlight, he had the goods, and everyone in attendance was there to make sure they were expediently delivered.  
Mr. Young surveyed his audience with glee, rubbing his sweaty hands onto his custom red silk shirt as he silently hoped the ancient pews, brought in by his teacher aides, would be able to bear the weight. As the last of the villagers, a few of the elderly, squeezed in just beyond the double doors in the back, he cleared his throat and surveyed the room. They all waited for him to begin, giving their undivided attention and awe. Since the building only had six windows, three on each side, there was already little light in the room. Faceless bodies now blocked the meager sunlight that fought to enter, and the room was soon cast under a cloak of unsettling shadow. As unidentifiable eyes blinked off rapidly in Mr. Young’s direction, he closed his in satisfaction. 
He concentrated.
And then beams of light shot through each of the windows, through the barrier of bodies, and into the room like a flood of water, filling every space in a matter of seconds. After it had maximized its presence in the room, most of it suddenly disappeared, and all that remained was a spotlight over Mr. Young, the source appearing to come from the windowless and moldy flat ceiling above. It was impossible for light to originate from that point, yet it did. The audience gasped in delight. Many had seen this presentation several times, but the moment never ceased to amaze. How Mr. Young was able to call forth the sun to magnify him, even through the solid blockades of both body and object, was a subject of much debate. It had to be magic. 
He cleared his throat once more, and a blanket of silence descended upon the audience.
“Ten years ago,” he began. “The Advent came.”
As his sentence ended, both the room and Mr. Young were suddenly cast into utter darkness. The bare wall behind the history teacher came alive, and an animated display of the universe came into view. It spread across the room like an oceanic wave, lapping against the shore, except it never retracted once it splashed against the other side. It trapped the audience in its holographic projection and held them there. Stars twinkled like diamonds, moons orbited around foreign planets and colorful nebulas shot out at the students in 3-D fashion. The audience gasped and awed at the spectacle as space danced around them gracefully, performing a waltz that even the best of them could not imitate. Mr. Young continued.
“We call it Advent because the definition says it all: it was the beginning of something already anticipated…it was the end of the world. We all knew the day would come. We just weren’t sure how. Ten years ago, we received our answer.” The audience gasped in horror.
Mr. Young grinned and scanned the room once more before he proceeded, watching them all witness his power, each one falling under his spell…well, there was one who was uninterested, but there was good reason for that, he supposed.
“Aidan, pay attention,” Mr. Young called out to the young man in the far left corner. Only his short spiked black hair and half of his bored eyes were visible amongst the sea of silhouetted faces and little lighting. 
“Sure,” Aidan replied easily, refocusing his attention on the holographic stars. Satisfied, Mr. Young resumed his presentation. The animation of the universe changed in an instant, and zoomed in on a planet that was familiar to everyone. Amassed by a collection of six large continents and very few bodies of water, they stared at their brown, green and red planet as if it were an old acquaintance. At the other end of the universal map was a comet, half their world’s size, streaking across the black expanse with a red-hot tail, its trajectory directly in line with their home world.
“We don’t know where it came from,” Mr. Young said, stooping down behind their planet. “Or its exact composition. Whether it was a hunk of rock, a ship, or a massive, sentient being. All we know for sure…is how it changed our way of life forever.”
The display flickered and suddenly the comet smashed mercilessly into the side of the planet, creating an explosion that splashed the room in a light so intense, everyone, including Mr. Young, had to avert their eyes for fear of going blind. He kept speaking as the light began to subside.
“The comet impacted the eastern hemisphere with a force that could be heard and felt all over the world, changing the terrain and taking half of our population with it. Millions…died instantly…” He paused to wipe a hand across his sweating forehead. “We all thought it was the end – the apocalypse, and in a sense, one could say that it was. That era had been eradicated in an instant…but it appeared that the survivors were destined for a greater purpose. The World of Obsidian had been altered, not just physically, but also spiritually. The population that had not been annihilated were transformed.”
The universe display vanished and the room was cast back into its natural dim light for a moment. It then dimmed into a purple hue. White hot tattoos were revealed from underneath the villagers’ long sleeve shirts. Branded deep into their right forearms, each tattoo depicted a picture of six organ pipes with a long sword in the middle. Most of the villagers had only one tattoo of the image on their right arm, some had two of the same picture, and even fewer had three. 
Aidan pushed his sleeve down further though it made no difference. Even through the fabric, the tattoo burned bright as if it had just been seared into his flesh, as if he had been branded with the signature of the sun.  
“Everyone was marked with these seals,” Mr. Young said, one of his own shining beneath the silk of his shirt. “Most were only given one, but others were blessed with two or even three. Each seal…granted the bearer a wish. A wish with no strings attached whatsoever, as long as the Judge approved it. It’s the only reason we were able to rebuild society so quickly…no one regrets being given these gifts, but we must still never forget the lives that were lost. These wishes came at a price, and that makes each of them a beautiful, wonderful curse.”
He paused as the room reposed in silence. The purple hue was lifted and the lighting returned to normal. The seals on their right arms faded until they were no longer visible from underneath the fabric of their clothes. Aidan sighed wearily as Mr. Young bowed his head.
“I perform this presentation once a year to not only remind you of what happened, but more importantly, to stress how much we need you here in Lowsunn. I know there’s a temptation to use your wishes for your own pleasure, but we ask you to suppress those selfish inclinations. In order to continue restoring our world to its former glory, we hope that all of you will stay patient until it is your time.”
Most nodded at his words. A hand shot up from the left hand corner. Mr. Young took a deep breath and pointed at his young pupil. 
“Yes, Isaac? You have a question?”
“How long do you think it will be until the world is restored completely?”
“It’s hard to say,” Mr. Young admitted. “Significant damage was done to our way of life. Many wishes were used in the beginning of the 2nd Era to restore the atmosphere, the wildlife and what not.”
“Yet no one has wished for the half of the world that was destroyed to go back to its previous state, or to bring back the countless lives that –”
“We’ve had this discussion before in class,” the middle-aged teacher sighed. “As I’ve explained, we don’t know what happened on that day.”
“So it’s best to leave a hole in our planet?”
“A contained, harmless hole. It’s been handled.”
“There’s no way you could know that.”
“That is the point of our scouting missions, or have you forgotten?”
“Someone from Lowsunn has been there? At the edge of the planet?”
“That will be enough questions from you,” Mr. Young snapped, his eyes darting amongst the other faces for their reactions. Though they appeared squeamish, they kept their focus on him. Isaac raised his hand again.
“I said no more questions.”
“I don’t have one.”
“Then what is it?”
Isaac smiled through his blue eyes and ice-breaking smile. “Aidan has one.”
“Can’t Aidan speak for himself?”
“He said you wouldn’t call on him if he raised his hand.”
The audience chuckled and a few of the Elders in the far back began shushing. From the crippling glares they unleashed on Mr. Young afterwards, it was obvious that they were going to intervene if he didn’t take control soon. Why he had called on the child in the first place was beyond their comprehension.
“Okay,” Mr. Young said with a scowl, pointing to the young man with the spiky black hair. “Fire away.” It was a risky move, allowing Aidan to speak – but if he was able to maintain order during their exchange, he would have gained respect in the eyes of the Elders. A privilege that few possessed.
“Well, I was thinking,” Aidan began with a sly smile. Many in the audience turned around to watch him complete his sentence. “If we’re supposed to hold off on our Yen –”
“– in my classroom, you will refer to them as wishes, Mr. Serafino.”
“I don’t understand why. The rest of the world calls them Yen, but that’s not what my question is about. What I want to know is why we don’t get to use these ‘beautiful curses’ the way we want to, while the Elders and even you - gets to go wild.”
“I don’t follow.”
“Take this schoolhouse for example. You used a Yen three years ago to turn it into this major interactive experience, and yet you’re the only one who knows how to control it. It’s impressive, but isn’t it a waste? All it does is help you.”
“It enhances the learning experience and improves the quality of my lessons.”
“Which are still boring, which is why your attendance is low. The only time anyone comes to your sessions is to hear about Advent, otherwise, no one bothers. I’m sure you’ve noticed.”
“I don’t need to justify myself to you,” Mr. Young huffed, feeling the angry, raised eyebrows of his superiors. “Who are you here with anyways? Does your mentor know where you’re at?”
“Does it matter?” Aidan said. “What you fail to remember is that we are free to choose which courses to attend. This isn’t a school. It’s a simple, scared little town that keeps people in line by dangling small comforts over their head. It does little to prepare us for the outside world. A world that each of us will be forced to encounter whether we like it or not. If it wasn’t for the strike system, no one would even bother getting out of bed.”
“Once you choose a class to attend, however, you are stuck there,” Mr. Young’s face started to redden. “If you’re skipping an evening class to attend this presentation, then you know that I must hand you over for disciplinary action. Given that you already have two strikes against you, you know what that would mean, don’t you?”
“I don’t need to think about it,” Aidan said, his lips in a flat line. “Especially since I’ll be leaving.” He began to worm his way to the door when a shout nearly stopped him cold.
“You stay right there!” Mr. Young barked as the few Elders standing in the doorway made sure to form a trembling humin barrier. They looked down at him in disgust but Aidan challenged them silently, one at a time, with no expression on his face. Then he shifted his gaze back to the forefront and gave the science/history teacher a declaration.
“Let me out right now or I’ll burn the entire schoolhouse to the ground.”
He said it with such conviction that Mr. Young nearly fell over in shock. The Elders in the doorway stepped out of his path urgently as the villagers pressed up against each other, sacrificing their comfortable positions to let him step out of the room freely. They dared not even touch his hooded robe. Aidan stopped in the doorway just for a moment, to address the room one last time.
“Keep the Discipline Squad out of my hair for this, and I’ll ensure you all keep yours.”
He didn’t wait for a reply, leaving as fast as he could, and the room burst into scared whispers and murmurs of concern. Isaac sucked his teeth and chased after him, nearly tripping three times before he hit the door and the dense warm air outside. He caught up to Aidan quickly and joined his stride under the canopy of low hanging tree branches and a thick silver haze. The village of Lowsunn was tranquil and actually pleasant now that most of its inhabitants were being held hostage at the presentation. He didn’t care to see the rest – about how chaotic the world had become, how it had been relatively organized before Advent, blah, blah, blah. 
“Geez, Aidan, what was that all about?” Isaac chuckled nervously. “You weren’t really going to set that place ablaze if they kept you there, were you?”
“What do you think?”
“Yeah, okay. Stupid question.”
“This whole place is laughable,” Aidan sighed as he picked up the pace, not yet sure of his intended destination. “It’s a prison, not a quaint little village in the middle of the forest. It’s the only explanation for why the general populace lives in cabins the size of birdhouses while the Elders are in miniature mansions. It’s all one big joke.”
“There’s room for improvement, but it’s still our home. A place that we will be at for a very long time, if we’re lucky. Might as well get used to it.”
“Hard to when you already have two strikes. It’s plain history. No one with a strike gets an exemption. Not a single one.”
“Well, I don’t have any, so it kind of sucks to be you,” Isaac laughed, throwing his hands behind his head. “Did you hear me? It kind of – oh never mind.”
“We can leave whenever we like,” Aidan said, ignoring him. With barely a thought, he stopped to pick up a stray twig from off the dirt road and threw it into the nearby brush. Isaac thought over the comment as he let out a big yawn. The annual presentation of Advent was one of the few times the village would be up well past curfew, talking excitedly about how they could each contribute to a world that still needed so much bandaging. How their involvement in Lowsunn would eventually give them a purpose they had yet to figure out themselves. The excitement would all end tomorrow though. Aidan had already seen it happen four times. The inevitable news of a scouting mission gone wrong, a new threat discovered lurking at their borders, another wish rumored to be used for the further decimation of Obsidian...it was only a matter of days before their ambitions were crushed like the berries they hovered laboriously over to make their morning coffee.
“Yeah, we could leave this place,” Isaac said finally. “But if we do it now, we won’t have much to look forward to. What are you going to do out there? Use a wish to secure yourself a shelter? Fight over a body of fresh water? You’re better off here. No worries. All the water you can drink. The food you can eat. Shelter. Protection. Warmth.”
“So you would rather live comfortably in a cell than see the world and be free?”
“It feels like an easy choice to me. Let’s see…stay here until my wishes are used for the greater good, in which case I’m then kicked out and I’ll be seeing the world anyways…or, leave now and die. Hmmm.”
“I survived out there once. We can do it.”
“Ha,” Isaac retorted. “From what I’ve heard about you, your definition of ‘survived’ is very different from mine.”
“Well, there’s definitely no way we’ll make it if we don’t have our Yen as backup. It doesn’t make sense to travel once the Elders have already used you and you have no way to defend yourself.”
“From what I hear, they equip you quite well before they kick you out the door. And there’s rumors of sister villages being created nearby. Why does it always have to be mud with you? Can’t it be rich soil sometimes?”
“Why do I even bother talking to you?” Aidan groaned, casting his eyes up to the moon. “Nothing is ever solved. I might as well be talking to myself in the mirror.”
“Oh, no. This is much better,” Isaac chuckled, patting him on the shoulder. “After all, your reflection doesn’t talk back. Right? I mean, it doesn’t, right?”
“Get off of me,” Aidan growled, throwing his shoulder back violently. “Your hands are so soft, I find them offensive.”
“As I find your hair,” Isaac muttered, throwing his hands into his pockets. “But you don’t hear me trying to shank your feelings.” He sucked his teeth and thrust his hands back out into the air. The village clothes were notorious for their roomy, dark blue pants that were strangely designed with pockets barely able to contain a pebble. All were expected to wear a bright yellow, long sleeve shirt and then the worst of all – the child-sized backpacks. Little fanny packs that you kept on your back, held together by a belt across the chest. It was hilariously cruel, but that was the local weaver for you. Until someone else decided to either learn the craft or wish to become a master textile worker, they were all at the mercy of Luca Lorde.
Of course, Aidan never wore the standard issued clothing, opting to don the thick, hooded robe and cloak his father had given to him on the day he graduated secondary school. It was drenched in black and littered with sharp strokes of hot red across its surface, as if they were cuts into his skin. No other symbols or patterns were emblazoned upon it otherwise, and Aidan saw no reason to decorate it further. He already had enough markings. 
“So where are we going now?” Isaac asked, rubbing his hands through his messy blonde hair. From the steadily rising tide of voices far behind them, they could tell that the presentation was now over, and soon they would both be overtaken with an assortment of disgusted, shocked and respectful glares.  
“Bed,” Aidan declared. Isaac rolled his eyes. Aidan’s hibernation schedule was directly correlated with the amount of villagers who were awake. The more there were, the less he tended to be around. If it hadn’t been for Isaac’s insistence, Aidan wouldn’t have even gone to the schoolhouse. In hindsight, Isaac thought to himself that perhaps that would have been the better move. Still, he knew where Aidan truly went in the deep of night…
 They continued walking casually, past the miniature cabins that were all designed exactly the same. Whomever had wished them into existence had little imagination. The vegetation surrounding the cabins, however, made up for their lack of décor. Reaching across the sides and over the humble rooftops, thick white tree branches stretched over with a decadent array of flowers in full bloom. An explosion of blues and pinks and yellows pushed against the tree leaves and kissed up against the wooden posts of the village homes. There were even a few Yen born arbors that produced flowers within flowers. However, these Yen-manifested flowers were unique: in full bloom, their eerie luminescence rivaled even that of the moonlight in radiance. 
The local birds, each known by name, traversed back and forth between plants, carrying the seeds to dull brown spots behind the houses and creating new jaw-dropping scenery whenever one fell and became part of the rich soil. Though there was little sunlight that could break through the sentinel forest canopy up above, the surroundings and ambiance of Lowsunn was undeniably rich and cozy.
Though he would never admit it, even Aidan was apprehensive over how easily the scenery would take his breath away and force new creations and possibilities to be born in the recesses of his imagination. An outsider looking in would think it was paradise.
But it wasn’t.
It couldn’t be.
It was just a pretense. A ruse to make him comfortable. And the moment he fell into comfort’s arms, he knew he would be taken unawares, his Yen stolen from him either through torture or some other unspeakable measure. It didn’t matter if Lowsunn was the most relaxing environment he had ever laid eyes upon in his whole life. 
It was not impenetrable. And its inhabitants were trying so hard to believe that it was. Just because it provided necessities that were no longer guaranteed in the new world: a secure shelter, an abundance of fresh water and food…community…it didn’t mean it was invincible. It had survived almost a decade, but how long until its luck ran out?
Lowsunn used to be a real village with another name, but none of the original townspeople were there anymore. No one was sure why, but then again, there had been a lot of madness when Advent came. Wishes being used left and right, and without restraint at the time. All the Elders knew for sure was that the founder (Judge bless his soul) had used one of his wishes to restore the village to its rightful, pre-event origins, and then used his second and final wish to throw a massive, invisible barrier around it, preventing from entering all those who didn’t have permission from the chosen Elders. Without having to worry about the danger that was outside of Lowsunn’s walls, the village was able to truly focus on the only real task at hand: surviving. 
“You think the Elders will ever give us a scouting mission?” Isaac asked as they reached their quarters. All single men and women bunked together in their own respective cabins as if they were at boys’ and girls’ academies. They were each at separate ends of the village (boys to the south, girls to the north) but it wasn’t necessary considering there were few midnight excursions. Everyone knew the risks. Getting caught after curfew meant banishment. Banishment meant death. 
“What are you talking about?” Aidan replied, half-listening.
“I hear they’re going to announce their selections at the dance,” Isaac said. “You know. The Dance of Yesterday?”
“I have no clue what you’re talking about.”
“Don’t you ever wonder how we get our away missions?”
“I never paid much attention. The odds of me being picked for one are astronomical.” 
“Because the Elders hate you. Your birthday is probably what they call their Advent. But I might be picked for one. Would you be sad if I left?”
“You wouldn’t be gone long, so no.”
“What if I got killed while I was away? Would you be sad then?”
“You would have gone on the mission knowing full well the possibilities.”
“So is that a no?”
“That’s a no.”
“You’re the only thorn in the rose garden, aren’t you?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Aidan groaned. “And what’s with the hypothetical situations? There’s only one thing we should be worried about right now. The end of our fifth year.”
“You mean how we’re supposed to give our wishes to the Elders?”
“Exactly.”
“I take it you have no intention of following through on that.”
“Do you?” Aidan asked, turning to face Isaac for the first time in their conversation. Isaac grinned and shook his head. 
“Hey, Aidan!” a student of Mr. Young shouted from behind them. They turned to see a short, stocky boy with glasses that were more like goggles. “Heard about your threat during Mr. Young’s presentation. What are you doing? Trying to graduate early? You know you’re not getting expelled while those are still active.” He pointed directly at Aidan’s right arm.
“I understand that, Jared,” Aidan said.
“Then what’s the deal?”
“I have a plan.”
“Oh? Do tell.”
“I would rather not,” he said, staring forward. “The walls have ears and the wind is an excellent messenger.”
“Isn’t he hilarious when he gets all metaphorical like that?” Isaac laughed. “Don’t know where he gets it from.”
“Fine, whatever,” Jared huffed. He turned to Isaac. “You watch out for this one. He’ll get you in trouble too.”
“Oh, I’m fully aware,” Isaac chuckled. Jared waved bye and ran off to the right as the two boys remained outside their home. The crowd from the presentation must have decided to mingle in the village center, located further north and in the opposite direction the boys had gone. The voices were now at a tolerable volume.
“Guess I don’t have to blow a hole in the shield next week,” Aidan said, looking towards Isaac for a reaction. All he did was raise an eyebrow in puzzlement. 
“Because you have a master plan all of a sudden?”
“Tell me more about these missions.”
“Basically the Fourth and Fifth Years are their strongest and most mature, so the best of them are sent on missions outside of the Institute.”
“I already know that part.”
“You want to learn something or not?”
“Fine. Go on.”
“I think the Elders use the somewhat established adults because they don’t want to risk their own lives to procure supplies and information.”
“I don’t even want to know what it takes to get established around here…still, what I don’t understand is why they use Fifth Years. They have the most to lose. They could stay out there as long as they pleased, and if anyone tried to bring them back, they could just use their Yen to resist.”
“There are chaperones of course,” Isaac replied.
“It doesn’t matter.”
“So your master plan is to go on one of the missions and then bail?”
“Exactly.”
“Like no one has thought of that one before,” Isaac scoffed. “And I’m sorry but it’s too late for you. You said it yourself. No one’s going to send you out there without a leash, a bridle and a muzzle. You’ve caused too much trouble.”
“But you’ll be selected, won’t you?” Aidan asked, looking hard into Isaac’s eyes.
“Doubtful. I associate with riff-raff like you.”
“When they’re desperate enough, they’ll take you,” Aidan nodded with confidence. “And when that happens, I’m coming along for the ride.”
“While getting me killed in the process.”
“What are friends for?” Aidan chuckled.
“Well, this is highly suspect,” a pleasant, sweet voice muttered from the shadows between the two cabins. The boys turned, half-worried that too much had been heard, when the intruder stepped into the moonlight. Isaac smiled with glee.
“Morrigan! How good it is to see you! To what do we owe the pleasure of being able to bask in the glory of the marvelous, radiant, magnificent – ”
“ – put a lid on it, Isaac. I’m sick of your false praise,” she snapped, pushing her maroon, thick, horn-rimmed glasses further up the bridge of her nose.
“But I thought you liked that sort of thing. Sucking up,” he grinned. “Or is it only acceptable when you’re the one doing it?”
“I love people sucking up to me,” she smiled through her rapidly blinking eyes and thick green lipstick, “but I would hardly consider you a person. Something between a virus and a deformed toad is more precise.”
“Yet I’m still on the evolutionary chain. There’s hope for me yet. Oh, Morrigan!” Isaac pretended to swoon as he pranced around her with clasped hands. “Your compliments are like the kiss of snowflakes upon the cheek.”
“That wasn’t even remotely intelligent.”
“So, what do you want?” Aidan said bluntly, crossing his arms. “Ms. Head of the Discipline Squad. Here to follow up on some rumors?”
“Are they rumors, Aidan?” she asked, leaning close to his face. “Considering every single person present at that presentation is ready to testify against you?”
“Oh, is that how many people I have to kill tonight?”
“You’re not funny.”
“Murder never is.”
“You have a subpoena for tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.,” she said, handing him a folded packet of paper. Isaac whistled at the size. “I assume you know where the Squad’s chambers are located.”
“You assume wrong. I’ve never been there in my entire life.”
“And afterwards, I can tutor you in the library on proper use of the Obsidial language. It can help with whatever…backwards, wild man grunting thing that’s dribbling off your lips.”
“Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s not green,” he said, gagging at her lipstick. She gave a false smile, her cheekbones raised as high as they could go.
“Language doesn’t have a color, imbecile. See what I mean about having to tutor you?”
“That’s the second time you’ve mentioned us getting together,” Aidan raised an eyebrow. “Are you asking me out on a date?”
“I would rather choke on my own vomit,” she said with an up-curled lip. “And I would never do such a thing as to taint my reputation.”
“Taint?”
“Do you even know the meaning to -” she turned to Isaac. “Can you please enlighten your dense friend here?”
“Enlighten? What poetic enunciation is this?” Isaac batted his eyes. “Perhaps the lady cares to educate this backwards gent on the particulars. You know green happens to be my favorite color.”
“Go jump off a bridge,” Morrigan said flatly. She shoved them aside and headed back towards the village center where the crowd was enjoying themselves. Both of them couldn’t help staring at her strange, multi-layered clothing ensemble and bouncing pink pigtails as she walked off. 
“You think that’s her natural color?” Aidan asked, but Isaac ignored him. 
“Her speech loses some of its bite everyday,” Isaac sighed. Aidan unfolded his arms and glanced at him. He didn’t know what to think of their strange relationship. Sometimes he was sure Isaac was in love with her, and then in the next second, it couldn’t be anything but loathing. What went on in that head of his?
“All of Lowsunn knows I’m not going to that hearing,” Aidan declared out loud. Isaac nodded in agreement as he continued staring off in the direction Morrigan had disappeared.
“She knows too, but it’s part of the job description. Has to keep up a good standing for the higher-ups. She is the only villager our age to gain their favor. She probably has an exemption.”
“Ugh,” Aidan gagged. “Then who would want to be here a moment longer? I’ll never understand women like her.”
“You don’t understand women, period.”
“Oh, and you’re one to talk!”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You drive me nuts every time I see the two of you interact,” Aidan shook his head. “Your eyes study her whenever she walks by like she’s a new species, but then your lips say otherwise.”
“I’m maintaining my distance until I’m sure of who she is, that’s all. I know what I’m doing. Unlike you.”
“Are you talking about Leah again?”
“You said her name. Not me.”
“I know her well enough,” Aidan said, glancing away and re-folding his arms.
“Oh?”
“We have a class together. Woodworking.”
“Right. I’ll make sure to check the roster and see if it exists.”
“We were partners. The teacher put us together. She made me a practice sword.”
“Uh-huh.”
“You don’t believe me?”
“I didn’t say that. I just suspect there’s more to the story than you’re willing to admit. Don’t you remember who you’re talking to?”
“Right,” Aidan said, closing his eyes. “The last thing I need is to be thrown on your radar. I don’t know what’s worst. Being a part of your conspiracies or listening to them.”
“I would say listening, because then we can work together. We’ve yet to figure out the mystery of the disappearing chocolate cake.”
“I already told you,” Aidan sighed, slapping his forehead. “The head of the dining commons ate it whole.”
“But she’s so nice.”
“She’s fat,” Aidan stressed. “And noticeably fatter after the incident.”
“That’s stress from the job.”
“For someone who’s paranoid, you sure are willing to dismiss those you like.”
“She could be pregnant.”
“Yeah, you go ahead and ask her.”
“I’m a gentleman. I wouldn’t think of it.”
“Uh-huh. Or is it because she gives you the leftover cookies after hours?”
“You saw that?”
“Now who’s part of a conspiracy?”
“At least you’re not,” he smiled. “You’re not on my radar…yet.”
“Lucky me,” Aidan said as he began heading inside the cabin. “Lucky me.”

*	*	*

The nightmare was more vivid than usual, and what made it worse was that for the first time, Aidan couldn’t wake himself up. He was back home again, falling out of bed over the piercing screams he heard coming from outside. He thought it was all a figment of his imagination, that he had just conjured it up in his sleep, but the shrieks didn’t let up. Disoriented, he staggered to his tiny, clay hut window, and scanned the area. 
His neighbors were outside his window.
And they were on fire. 
Aidan rushed out through the open door, so concerned with the plight of his neighbors that he didn’t even think of whether his parents and little sister would be okay. They had been outside the safety of their home.
As soon as his feet hit the dirt, however, he was paralyzed. 
The sky had turned a blood red. The clouds, a lightning blue; and a sickly yellow rain drizzled from the heavens, slowly corroding the clay of their homes and withering their bountiful harvest. Aidan stepped back inside as soon as he realized the effects of the yellow rain, but it didn’t appear to affect his skin any more than regular water did. Still, he took off his shirt and wrapped it in a turban around his head for protection, then rushed back out and searched for a solution to the fires. A way to save his people.
Water, sand, blankets – nothing worked. 
And as he watched them all stumble and fall, barely even twitching once they hit the soil - he wondered why he was the only one not afflicted. He felt like throwing up, and the only thing that prevented him was the sudden boom in the distance, sounding as if the planet itself had just cracked in half. He ran to the source, past the smoldering clay huts and the recently deceased until he hit the edge of what was once his home, now just a land of fertilized soil, sitting atop the second mountain of Tilkin.
A firestorm was coming towards him, rolling across the adjacent mountains and valleys with a mix of thunder, flames, sand, and destruction. Aidan stayed frozen in fear as it approached with a deafening roar. Nothing he did could save him. His fate would be no different than those of his people. 
And he didn’t mind at all.
He closed his eyes as he felt his skin begin to singe and crackle, the hairs on his arms and head already gone. He winced and grit his teeth through the tears, accepting his certain fate when unexpectedly…
A voice asked him a question.
“What do you wish for right now?”
Without a moment’s hesitation, the sole survivor of Quinn spoke. 
“I wish I was protected from the fire!” he cried aloud.
Just as the firestorm descended upon him, he screamed, not over the incoming storm, but the intense ripping sensation that came from his right arm. Three seals appeared in an instant. Two illuminated, signifying wishes yet to be granted, and one dark – blackened over the words he had just uttered. He had no time to examine the symbols. The pain in his arm was too great. All he could do was roar within a cloud of mixed emotions as the firestorm engulfed him, destroying his village, his friends, and everything he had ever loved within seconds, leaving no trace behind. As if his life had never existed. 
He screamed and screamed and at one point, he went mad. 
But then it was over.
The storm subsided, vanishing into thin air as if it had achieved its sole purpose…and only Aidan remained amidst the smoking ruins. Two tornadoes of fire, as small as bracelets, circled his wrists at an increasing rate of speed, but he wasn’t looking at them or the devastation at his feet. He couldn’t contain his rage any longer.
It erupted like a solar flare and in an instant, everything within a five mile radius was reduced to flat land, mountains and all. The village of Quinn and the mountains of Tilkin were wiped clean from Obsidian.
Aidan barely survived the fall from the mountaintop as it crumbled beneath his feet like an avalanche. Even after he awoke, all he could do was breathe in the soot, and cough, and swear. 
What had happened to his people…his village – it could not have been an act of nature. Nature had been a catalyst, but it was surely not the cause. Red sky? Yellow rain? No, this was a biological attack of some sort. And someone had definitely spoken to him before the firestorm had arrived. That voice…that voice would know what had happened to his people. 
It would know who was responsible for their deaths.
It would know who had to die by his trembling, eager hands.



Chapter 2 – Bailey

A cry shot through his nightmare and startled him awake. The moment he came to, Aidan realized just how real his dream had felt. The room around him was ablaze, a wall of flames writhing up against every bare wall and lapping at the ceiling with its forked, devilish tongues. Leah stood in front of the bed with her hands clasped and head bowed, muttering inaudibly. In an instance, a ring of ice shot out from the carpet and in a single motion, snuffed out the fire, giant ice spikes replacing each of the flames. The large ice spikes cracked once they touched the ceiling and steam erupted from the tips. Leah muttered again, and they shattered and spilled all over the floor, the water slowly leaking through the floorboards and into the dirt below them. 
She leapt forward onto the bed to avoid the cold water on her bare feet and landed right on Aidan’s leg. As soon as she heard him wince, she turned around, and leapt playfully onto his bare chest without mercy. He had to catch his breath, but her playful attack let him know that she was fine. And really, that was all that mattered.
She wrapped her arms around him and nuzzled her head into his neck as he grit his teeth. The touch of her fingers on his bare chest nearly made him shriek – he still wasn’t used to the burning chill her body maintained after using her abilities. 
“Did I do it again?” he whispered in the dark once the cold subsided. He could feel her eyelashes brush against his skin as she opened and then closed her eyes.
“It wasn’t that bad,” she replied, her voice soft and distant, her breath chilled and crisp like winter. Already she was beginning to fall back asleep. Was she used to his nightmares already?
“Do you think anyone noticed?” he asked.
“There’s no way everyone slept through that, but we’ll worry about it tomorrow.” He looked down at her and admired her long and fine icy blue hair, which had now taken on a silver tint in the lunar streaks of light that were streaming in through the window behind them. “You weren’t worried last time,” she yawned. “What makes tonight so different?”
“I have to go before the Discipline Squad tomorrow,” he said. Leah practically catapulted off him and sat up on the bed. She crossed her legs and gave him an intense glare, though as always, it didn’t have the effect she intended. Her gorgeous, mesmerizing eyes were incapable of any kind of real anger. They maintained their innocent shine and infant wonder that he longed to find again in his own. But it didn’t matter. As long as her innocent eyes were always there to gaze into, he was satisfied by how happy his reflection looked within them. He was tired of seeing his reflection when in front of a mirror, clothed in rage all the time.
“The Discipline Squad? What for?” she asked, forming two long chopsticks made of rock in the palm of her left hand. She used them to wrap her hair up into a bun as he continued.
“You didn’t hear about what happened at the schoolhouse?”
“That was you?” she asked in disbelief, scooting forward on the bed. The creak it made wasn’t loud, but whenever it made that sound, he was sure someone had woken up in the room next door. “Wait,” Leah said, cupping her chin in thought. “That means you have three strikes. What happens now?”
“I might get kicked out,” he said, admiring her smooth olive skin. Her beauty was making him feverish. How come he wasn’t used to it yet? 
“But you still have two seals. They’re not going to let you leave with those.”
“So I keep hearing,” Aidan said, a hint of amusement in his voice. “Which means if I’m kicked out, I’ll be leaving before they get the chance to take them.”
Leah cast her eyes to the sheets and sighed. “I’m not ready to go, Aidan. It’s too soon.”
“I understand,” he said, leaning back onto the headboard. “Your parents controlled your entire life, even before Advent. You barely got to see the outside world afterwards, and even now, all you hear about are the horrible things that go on out there. But they’re exaggerating.”
“You told me yourself that it’s dangerous.”
“It is,” he said, sitting up to face her better. “But it’s also the most heavenly and elegant thing you’ve ever seen. There will always be bad people, but we put so much focus on what the bad people are doing that we forget about the good. What people create out there when they’re unrestricted – it would take your breath away. The people here do okay, but it’s nothing compared to seeing a hundred people gathered together, working on the same project. Think about it. I’ve seen cities made of glass erected before my very eyes, oceans placed permanently in the air, clouds turned into the perfect soil.”
She grimaced. “That last one doesn’t sound too appealing.”
“Okay, but you get what I’m saying. The list goes on and on. Do you understand why I want out of here so badly?”
“But you could have left years ago,” she said. “So what made you stay? Scared of the policies in place?”
“You mean the one where if I leave without permission, I’ll be killed? No,” he laughed. “If I was able to survive out there that long, nothing this place can do will harm me.”
“But they will come after us if we leave.”
“Let them come,” Aidan said, clasping her hands gently. “For all we know it’s a bluff. We never hear any news about those that ran off, whether they survived or not.”
“Then why are you still here? I’m curious.”
Aidan paused and studied her face. He could see that it had been on her mind for longer than just one night, but was it the right time to tell her everything?
“I still have something I have to do first.”
“Aidan…” she whispered. Tears began to fall and crystallize against her soft cheeks, and the way her lips pursed – he could tell that his response had hurt her, and that was the last thing he wanted to do. But he couldn’t tell her now. Not yet.
He reached forward and pulled her into his arms.
“I want to tell you,” he said. “I do. I promise I’ll tell you everything soon.”
“But you’re my husband,” she sobbed. The words brought a sensation, like a dagger going through his throat. He instinctively grit his teeth and fought against the lump in his throat. He couldn’t reveal how close she was to breaking his resolve.
“I know,” he managed to reply. “I know. I haven’t forgotten, but trust me when I say that this is the only thing between us that is still a secret, and it’s for a good reason.”
“Is this what adults mean when they say that our age is too young to get married?”
“First of all, no one even knows we’re married, so no one’s judging us. Second, they have no clue what they’re talking about. There are elderly couples who get married and separate. It’s not the age that matters, it’s the commitment, and I’m yours forever.”
“But you’re such a wild man,” she laughed, gently pushing him away from her. Though her face was still tear-stained, her jade green eyes were playful and forgiving. “You just do things on a whim. What’s to stop you from falling for someone else in the future?”
“When it comes to love,” he said with a straight face, “it takes a lot to warm my heart, but once it is, it burns only for the one who kindled it.”
“You’re so full of it,” she laughed, pushing him backwards onto the pillows. “How many times have you said that line to a naïve young girl?”
“Not a one,” he smiled, grabbing her wrists and pulling her on top of him. “And for the record, I don’t just want a girl. I want you.” He kissed her hard and she squeezed her thin arms tightly around his neck. After a few moments, she parted from his embrace and stared deeply into his hazel eyes, searching for something. He allowed her to explore his expression and take in every emotion that he felt for her. 
To her, and to her alone was he exposed, and it was so strange by how comforting and free it felt when he was with her. Normally, one wrong word from anyone, humin or beast, was enough to make him want to send them into an everlasting inferno, but for her, it was as if every wound had been healed, every dirty deed had been wiped clean, and the life he had once lived was not his – like it was just a recurring bad dream, or a story told to him so many times, he had taken it on as a memory.
He was not the most tactful or articulate man. He wasn’t nearly as strong as he wished he was, and he sure made plenty of mistakes, but he felt close to perfection in her presence. There was little wrong he could do in her eyes. Every act, no matter how heinous, had a reasonable explanation. She thought the world of him, and consequently, he was hers to do with as she pleased. He would transform himself for her, because he couldn’t bear the alternative. For her to see him as so many others did... No, that was unbearable.
“You really love me?” she asked finally, clutching the sides of his face. He tried to give her lips a peck, but she kept his head stationery, waiting for her prince’s answer.
“I would do anything for you,” he said. “And I love you so much that it makes my heart break when you’re not with me.” He meant every syllable.
“That’s just because you’re getting old,” she chuckled, letting him go. “It’s probably a stroke.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily,” he smiled, grabbing her shoulders hard. She looked him up and down with a mischievous smile.
“Like you could stop me,” she said. “You know you’re just with me because you need protecting.”
“That,” he chuckled, “is exactly why I’m here. All that stuff I said about loving you – I rehearsed it in the mirror eight hours ago.”
“Eight hours ago you were threatening to kill everyone in Lowsunn.”
“Not you.”
“How thoughtful,” she said, giving him a peck on the lips. He leaned in for more but she grabbed the sides of his head again. “You know I can see right through you, don’t you?”
“I do,” he said.
“And you’ll tell me your secret as soon as you’re able?”
“Of course.”
“Okay,” she sighed, letting go and leaning back onto his chest. Once again he could feel her close her eyes and within a few minutes, her heavy breathing resumed. He adjusted his seating position slightly to make it more comfortable for her neck, then he began to stare out into the space around him. The sun was starting to dawn in the background, illuminating their surroundings so clearly that he could easily see the damage that had been done.
The walls had been scorched and the wallpaper was crispy and peeling. The little of what he could see of the floorboards was black, and the door still had small embers resting within its cracks. Though he was sure Leah didn’t look down on him for his outbursts, he did feel a little embarrassed. It was as if he had had a tantrum, and the destruction caused on the outside was far more damaging than if he had just dealt with it internally.
He looked down at his young wife, sound asleep, and placed a hand on her head. Even her hair was cool to the touch, as if she didn’t have an ounce of rage stirring within her. Perhaps he should consider taking her approach sometimes. Especially since he had been so painfully selfish.
The threats to Mr. Young, the strikes against him, the Discipline Squad, his outbursts, and the occasional damage done to the rooms in which he slept – what had it brought him but trouble? He had a reason to stay in Lowsunn, yet he was doing all he could to get kicked out. He thought nothing of Leah’s safety, he suddenly realized. 
She knew nothing of the outside world. How could he ask her to leave with him when her life was already so concrete? What if she was killed the moment they left? What if she wasn’t happy? What if he got into a scuffle over something petty and died? Leaving her all alone? That would be far worse than if he had just sucked it up and finished out his last year.
There was no way he was going to allow the Elders to take his Yen, but he could at least take advantage of them until his inevitable departure came. Why couldn’t he enjoy the free shelter and amenities that he would have to work hard for once he was free? 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered into her hair. “I’ll think of another way.” 
She moaned in her sleep, as if she had been reading his mind and was now agreeing with every word he said. Satisfied with his conclusion, Aidan settled further back and rested against the bed’s headboard. After a minute had passed, he fell asleep with a clear mind.

*	*	*

The Field of Visions, located a mile to the east of the schoolhouse, was by far Aidan’s favorite place within Lowsunn’s shields. No one knew who had created it, but there wasn’t a single inhabitant that wasn’t grateful for it. 
Even Aidan. 
Five years ago, someone had introduced the idea that the buildings and small fields in the village weren’t enough. With all of the classes, the community, and the scouting missions – there was still something missing: imagination. What was the point of having wishes at one’s disposal if they didn’t have the creativity to make them count when it was time for them to be used? Sure there were always those that made their wishes off of a feeling, a fleeting thought – but whoever had created the Field of Visions realized that by giving someone the ability to open up their imagination and give it free reign, they would eventually reach a point in which they knew exactly what they wanted to wish for. 
Not to mention the Elders claimed that if anyone came up with a purpose that benefited everyone, that individual would be able to use their wish as they saw fit upon the end of their fifth year. Much better than being told what to use it on.
The Field of Visions was a meadow, ten square miles in length. At first no one understood how incredible this unsuspecting field was, but within a week, the grassy field became a hot spot. Once someone stepped onto the grass, they gained the ability to play like never before. They could practice the abilities they might have gained through previously used wishes, all to their heart’s content. Any damage done to the earth or sky was immediately reset, as if it were all a big game. 
Others, who had yet to use their wishes, were somehow given the ability to act as if they had. If one was considering using a wish on gaining the ability to fly, all they had to do was think it, and suddenly, they would soar high, as long as they didn’t go beyond the Field of Vision’s borders (in which they would then revert back to their original, powerless form). Creating castles out of thin air, experimenting on what it would feel like to embody a creature they had seen in a textbook, learning what if felt like to rip moisture from the sky and expand it into a waterfall – there was hardly a moment when the Field of Visions was empty during the day. This was the ultimate playground.
Aidan frequented the Field often, practicing his Fire Arts and stretching their limits. Some days he would just cast fire into the air until he was exhausted, meditating on the depths of his stamina. It was only then that he realized that, even with a power gained through Yen, there were still limits to one’s use of it. What the particulars of this revelation would mean – he wasn’t yet sure.
Other days, he would see how much area he could set ablaze, or if he could cause damage to the ground beneath him faster than it could reset. To the villagers it looked like he was constantly taking out his anger on the world in one fiery manner or another, but for him, it was simple therapy. Here, he didn’t have to worry about harming anything. He could just destroy to his heart’s content. There were no repercussions. 
Though on this particular hazy morning, playing in the Field of Visions would have just that. Aidan had begun experimenting with how high he could raise the temperature of his body when he noticed a woman approaching from his right. Though he hoped it was his imagination manifesting her into existence, he knew he had no skill in holographic imaging, even in the Field.
There was just no way he could get every feature right. Her dark brown skin, her strong and confident stride. Her affinity for plaid shirts and dark blue cotton jeans. Her intense, serpent-like eyes and full, pursed lips. She had coarse, short hair that barely touched the bottom of her neck, and her shoes were always worn and tired, yet somehow they never ripped or broke down – symbolic of the very woman who placed her calloused soles within them. She was the only adult that Aidan respected unconditionally, and he suspected that there may not ever be another.
“I’m not surprised to find you here,” she said, her thick accent dominating the air. Aidan let his body temperature revert back to normal and turned to face her. She examined him from head to toe and shook her head. “Relax. I’m not here to scold.”
“You’ve scolded me before, Bailey.”
“Because I thought you were strong enough to take it.”
“I am.”
“Then you won’t mind if I say a few words to you now.” A corner of Bailey’s mouth raised as she waved him forward. “Come walk with me. We have some things to discuss.”
“I have an appointment with the Discipline Squad,” Aidan said.
“Yes, and you’re a few minutes late by my assessment. Don’t worry. I’ve already taken care of your problems. Just come.”
Aidan raised his eyebrows in surprise and obeyed, trying to keep up with her stride, her long legs taking only one step for each of his two. She walked like she was marching, as if she were heading to the next battle. He could only imagine how she slept.
“You covered for me?” Aidan asked as she led them back to the village center, no doubt heading to the far west where the brewing shop and the dining commons building were located. She had often told him that food was the most important catalyst for a smooth conversation. Whether that was true or not was still yet to be seen. She was the type of person that strove to improve herself on a daily basis, but made little progress, regardless of her good intentions. 
She lived in the North End of Lowsunn, where many of the adults lived, yet her business primarily resided in the South, with many of the youth whom she mentored. Depending on what her kids needed, she would have to go back and forth between the North and South, retrieving notes, sensitive information on allergies, and things of that nature. There was nothing odd about this. 
What was strange was that instead of running straight down the middle of the village, she would jog along the diamond shaped perimeter, corners and all. Aidan had asked her why. Why in the world would she do that when it wasn’t required? When no one asked her to? When no one cared. All she could say was that it was cheating to make your own way, and maybe if Aidan was more conscientious of order, he would understand. Like many adults, she had her established quirks, and so he let that particular conversation slide. He only hoped that if he was dying at one end of the village and she was at the other, she would ignore order that one time.
After they had walked from the East to the North to the West, where their destination remained, she began craning her neck forward, examining the small and empty round tops outside of Zorin’s Brewing Shop for a respite. There were already twenty villagers sitting in various spots, giving their orders to the few waiters and waitresses that were employed there. 
Zorin was no fool. Having no desire to fight for his life in the outside world, he had immediately used all three of his wishes to establish his legacy in Lowsunn. The first, gave him his power – the ability to concoct elaborate potions that gave the consumer temporary abilities. Although they only lasted a few minutes at most, they were absolutely essential for the scouting missions, giving the adventurers superhuman strength, speed, new abilities, or even invincibility when they needed it most. They not only were awe-inspiring concoctions, but they also had a pleasant, sweet taste as well, making their consumption recreational on top of practical. 
His second wish was to ensure that no one in all of Obsidian could replicate his power.
And the third – was for a permanent residence, right smack in Lowsunn, before it was rebuilt by the current Elders. He said he felt a good vibe coming from that area. 
The Elders couldn’t refuse the man, even before they met his jolly disposition and oversized beehive of a beard. They said that he was the real reason the shields were erected – so no other outsider could wish for permanent residence again, though Aidan knew that couldn’t be true.
Bailey hummed in delight once she found the exact table she wanted. “Are you hungry?” she asked, pointing at her discovery.
“Not at all,” he replied. A couple of teenagers excitedly took the table with the invisible reservation and Bailey shouted out a Hey to get their attention. She shooed them away and they scurried off. Aidan let Bailey choose her seat first and then he sat across from her, falling into his wicker chair with a heavy sigh. Under the shade of the straw canopy above their heads, her eyes were more intense than ever, and he struggled to remain calm.
“Aidan, how old are you?” she asked. That was not a question he had expected.
“Twenty-one,” he said. 
“Do you consider yourself an adult?” she asked, stressing the A in adult as if it were a separate word. He studied her face carefully for clues as to what she was aiming at.
“I do,” he said with a frown. “Why?”
“If you’re an adult, why are you afraid of me?” she asked in concern. “I’m not that frightening, am I?”
“I’ve seen you do some things that could put fear into a person. But I’m not saying that I’m afraid of you.”
“But you know that you shouldn’t ever have to fear me though, right? I may be a little harsh, but it’s never towards you. You’re my sponsor, but also my friend.”
“I realize that.”
“Then can I ask you, as your friend…what are you doing?”
“You’ll have to be more specific.”
“You have two strikes against you. Today would have marked your third, and resulted in your expulsion. Now, if you want to leave, that’s okay, but at least give me some time to further myself before you make that decision. You know how poorly your actions look upon me?”
“I understand.”
“Then you also realize that you’re causing suspicion to fall upon us? That you might be putting all we’ve worked for in jeopardy?”
“I get that,” Aidan said, clenching his fists. Bailey noticed the gesture immediately and glanced down at them.
“Aidan, we’re just talking. Relax.”
“It sounds like you’re making accusations. It sounds like you’re saying that I could care less about what happens to you and Isaac and anyone else who’s working for the Movement.”
“Well, I’m right, aren’t I?” Bailey asked, leaning forward in her chair and placing an arm over the small table. “You’re here in Lowsunn because I asked you to come, and you felt indebted to me. Not because you believed a word I said. Not because you cared. Stop me when I’m wrong, Aidan. You’re barely attending the classes, and I’ve heard rumors that you’ve been spending a lot of time with one of the Elders’ daughters. Please tell me it isn’t true.”
“Rumors aren’t always fact.”
“So you were not seen sleeping in her bedroom the other night?” Bailey asked casually.
“It’s not what you think,” Aidan said, giving her an intense glare.
“It better not be,” she huffed. “The last thing I need is a fling destroying our progress.”
“It’s not a fling,” Aidan said flatly. “If it was, I wouldn’t be trying so hard to keep it a secret.”
“Oh! So there is something going on with the two of you.”
“I don’t see how it’s any of your business.”
“Are you really going to talk to me like that?”
“What?” Aidan snapped. “Don’t like how your own medicine tastes?”
Bailey sat back with a huff and stared at her young protégé with a smile in her eyes. “I enjoy it thoroughly, as a matter of fact. You’re the one who’s getting upset.”
“I’m not getting upset.”
“Emotional then…like a little girl.” Aidan was taken aback and stared at Bailey for a moment. He took a deep breath and then put his arms onto the table, staring deep into Bailey’s eyes. 
“Why is it…whenever I start sparring with you, you begin insulting me? Why can’t you just tell me that I’m being –”
“ – ornery,” Bailey said with a smug smile.
“That’s not the word I was going to use.”
“Well, I am your mentor. You have to mind your manners.”
“Why is it you can’t just talk to me like a humin being? Huh?”
“Because it’s impossible to do so when you’re always on the defensive. If you were Isaac, sure. I could sit here, order a drink, and discuss with you in detail what mistakes you’re making – and a great deal of progress would be made. But then again, if you were him, we wouldn’t be sitting here in the first place, would we?”
“You could still try – given our history.”
“History is meaningless if you haven’t learned from it,” she chuckled, putting a finger into the air as a signal for an observant waiter to go and retrieve her usual. “I’ve told you how sensitive our operation is, but you can’t see beyond your own two hands. You don’t see the labor that many of us are putting in, and the overtime that is being thrust upon us due to your actions. You know I’m right. I saw it all over your face the moment I walked up. You know you’ve been bad, but instead of taking the lecture like a good and faithful soldier, you start barking back like you actually have some kind of validity.”
“So what you do you expect me to do? Apologize?”
“I’m a big girl. I don’t need to watch your poor acting performances. Just watch yourself. That’s all I require.”
Aidan sneered and began cracking his knuckles, looking out beyond the tacky tablecloths and into the open where so many were walking to their survival classes or snug cabins. They were all so controlled, so manipulated, and they couldn’t even see it. No, it was worse. They did see it, but they followed through anyways, hoping that those in charge would reward them in the end for their obedience. They lied to themselves and believed that those on top actually cared for their well-being, just because they were of the same organic composition. That’s what was sickening to watch, and Bailey, who knew him more than anyone, was now asking him to comply and become one of the drones. 
“That’s not true,” Bailey said suddenly, placing a calloused hand over Aidan’s. “I would never ask that of you.”
“What are you talking about?” Aidan asked, though he knew Bailey had just opened him up and peered deep inside.
“We’re both actors on a stage, Tallawah. Both of us. You may think that I’m tapped into the network - that some part of me believes in the village’s mantra. But I am merely giving a performance. What you fail to remember is that the Elders compose the audience, and they are watching our every word, and our every step, making sure we’re following the script. Don’t let them see through your mask and costume. We need you…I need you.”
“I told you before we came here that I would be more trouble than I’m worth.”
“And yet I took the risk, because we need you more than you think.”
“I still don’t understand why I’m so important. What’s so unique about getting pissed off all the time? That’s a detriment, not a skill. And I’ve been waiting for nearly five years. Five years, and nothing has happened. What am I waiting for?”
“Perhaps explaining it to you would help the situation, given that asking for your compliance obviously hasn’t worked.”
“Your mistake in trusting me,” Aidan said, and Bailey shook her head in amusement.
“Okay. I’ll tell you the truth. One thing I like about you is that you don’t listen to someone just because they’re older than you. They have to earn your respect. As an adult, I want to knock you over the head, but as a visionary…I see how valuable your attitude could be, if properly channeled. No matter how much someone tries to persuade you to their side, you won’t go out of fear or hope of reward. You have to believe in the notions that they’re spitting at you. Some might see just another angry kid. I see a passionate, potential leader that could win over the hearts of thousands, because people want to fight against the status quo. They want to be saved, but they don’t have the strength. They need someone to carry their burden.”
“So now you resort to cheap tricks, Bailey?” Aidan scoffed. “Flattery?”
“No tricks, Tallawah. Not a one. You know what I had to give up in order for the rest of the Elders to take you in.”
“A seat in their company,” he said under his breath, remembering the exact words she had said to him on his first day in Lowsunn. He had shrugged his shoulders then, but now he understood just how big a deal that was. She had been in a position of great power, and considering the goals that she had in mind for the village, there was no way she would have given up her ambitions without something of equal or greater value in exchange. He couldn’t see in himself what she saw, but her actions were clear: he was more important to her than being an Elder. The least he could do was behave while she got the rest of her plans in order.
“I remember,” he said finally, taking his hands away from hers. “But I still don’t understand.”
“You don’t have to understand,” she said. “Just continue to trust me. Remember that the original purpose of fire was not to consume, but to provide warmth for others. I’m not asking you to change who you are. Just to turn down the intensity.” He turned his head and stared at the villagers who were walking past once more, examining their defeated strides and expressionless faces.
“I will,” he said. “From this point on, I’ll do my best to behave.”
A burst of laughter interrupted their conversation and Aidan spun around to see a couple of adolescent boys, who immediately tried to hold in their giggles, once they saw they had been caught. Aidan snapped his fingers and instantly the jam sandwiches on their bark trays flash-evaporated, consumed by Aidan’s power. The boys’ jaws dropped in shock and one of them gave Aidan a pained face. The other ran off to find an adult who would listen.
“We weren’t even talking about you!” the boy who stayed behind cried out, but Aidan ignored him. As the boy angrily got up from the table to retrieve replacements, Aidan turned to face Bailey who had closed her eyes and firmly planted the palm of her hand against her forehead.
“Sorry,” Aidan replied, holding up both hands in surrender. “Now I’ll behave.”




Chapter 3 – Judge
All his life, he had carried an assortment of visual goals for his anger: the different faces of the adversaries who had inflicted wounds upon him. Whether it was a heckler from behind, an insolent adult from in front, or a beast that sought to devour him – there was always a face. Like an assembly line, they passed through his thoughts, met him en route, engaged in an unforgettable battle with him in the recesses of his mind, and then continued on their way, forever changed by their interaction with the angry young man.
And Aidan hadn’t even had his Fire Arts back then.
But this was different. Whoever was responsible for the deaths of his people had not just wounded his body, but his heart as well. In spectacular fashion, something…no, someone…had destroyed his friends, his neighbors, and everyone he had known from birth in one fell swoop. But this time, for the first time - there was no face. Like a coward, the enemy (whoever he was) had sent nature to do his dirty work and then ran off in into the shadows, so Aidan couldn’t inflict his own nature upon him.
What was there to do now?
The village and mountain were completely gone. His people had become one with the soil. His family…his family! That’s right! His father and mother had gone off with his youngest sister, Diana, on an expedition. Like they had done with him when he had turned five, his parents had taken her off of the mountaintop and into the world, to see how there were different kinds of plants and berries and landscapes, far more exotic and lavish than anything they could witness in Quinn, with its rocky terrain and high altitude. But how far had they gone? Did they get caught in the storm? Did they even know what had happened?
Aidan stood and squinted through the thick soot that hung in the air like a mist. It stung his eyes, and they watered so much that he was afraid they would soon go dry. But if he was going to find his family, he had to keep his eyes open in order to see them, and so he bore the pain. Trying to breathe as little as possible, he waved his hands through the fog as he walked, coughing and batting at it like he was pushing aside leaves from within the thickest of rainforests. He kept walking, but where was he headed exactly? He had no way of knowing where his family had gone or if they had even survived. If they had been caught in the firestorm, they would have been reduced to ash and he would never find them.
Aidan stopped to think, closing his eyes to give them some rest. It was eerily silent, and though he doubted anything would come of it, he decided to shout out the name of his little sister. No voice answered him in return, and he stood there shaking, overcome with the unknown. Whether he stayed or went, it was all chance. There were no guarantees to how his life would play out now.
Though the sky was still as red and orange as fire, he could feel a chill starting to crawl up his arms. The heat from the firestorm was passing, and the night frost was beginning to creep back in. He remembered he had put his shirt up into a turban on his head and quickly reached for it, but of course, it was gone, having been obliterated in the chaos. The rest of his clothes as well. Suddenly he longed for the cloak and robe that his father wore daily. 
Aidan rubbed his arms and then stopped suddenly when he felt a slight but strange indentation in his skin. He glanced over at his right forearm and saw it with clarity this time.
Tattoo markings. Three of them. One was dark and faded, while the other two were glowing a metallic blue-white color. They were humming both visually and audibly like a beacon, and he tried to wipe them away. They didn’t come off, but the flashing became more rapid, blinking faster and faster. His mind raced to find the answers - the key to this strange branding. Only when he contemplated what had just happened over the last hour did he remember.
The voice.
It had asked him a question. It had asked him…what he wished for, at that moment.
I wish, he thought. I wish that…
And then he wasn’t in the soot anymore. He was in a large circular room. The walls were composed of massive, midnight blue bricks, and a manmade fire the size of his entire body hung upside down in the middle of the ceiling like a chandelier. The floor was of granite, and the same marking that was branded into his arm three times was displayed in the middle of the floor in grand fashion. A sword, with a small, medium and large organ pipe on each side. On top of the center of the colossal marking sat a man, leaning forward on a small wooden stool that was far too short for his long legs. He was wearing a long, dark purple hooded robe, and his head was bowed as if in prayer. Aidan surveyed his surroundings, not sure what to make of them, when he came to a realization.
This man…he could be the one responsible.

Obsidian Sky II available September 30th




An Excerpt From
The Last of the Sages
(Book #1 of the Sage Saga)

Chapter 2 – Orientation 
James moped over the previous day’s events as he stepped lazily off the carriage. The horses whinnied towards him, as if they were annoyed with his hesitation, and he suddenly understood why. The climate itself had transformed completely over the course of their journey. Warmth had completely succumbed to violently strong and cold winds, howling like banshees all around them, cutting through his clothes like they were made of string and shrieking in his ear like raging ghosts.
The horses whinnied again. The longer he stayed in the wagon, the longer they would have to endure the skin-piercing winds, mysteriously cutting through their thick hides. At least when they were moving, they found solace in their body heat. James rolled his eyes at them and half-stepped, half-jumped onto the wet slush below.
Wait. Snow? When did that happen?
“How long was I asleep?” he asked the driver. It was still dark so it couldn’t have been too long of a ride. 
“Just a couple of hours. I know things look strange, but the weather’s different over here.”
“I see,” he said. James handed him the five shell. It was the least he could do.
James clutched the collar of his jacket and tried blowing a ring of vapor from his mouth as the driver nodded in his direction. With barely a wave, the driver snapped the reins and wasted no time in heading back to the village. James didn’t blame him. Being in the presence of the Academy itself had to make anyone uncomfortable and he was doing his absolute best to not think about its intimidating presence.
He blew another ring of vapor, still in awe over how cold it had gotten. Then he decided to blow another, and for a moment, he mused over what the record for blowing vapor rings was when he suddenly shook his head to get rid of the thought. He couldn’t afford to be distracted, not at a place like this. He had to learn how to focus. 
He looked around, realizing for the first time how still the atmosphere was. There was no welcoming party. No one to greet his arrival. Not even a doorman. Just the eerie feeling that he was being watched. The wind died down as he glanced up at the colossal steel door towering over him.
He grabbed his satchel and adjusted it over his shoulder until he was comfortable, his thoughts already trailing off. He tried to decide whether to enter the Academy doors looking scared or like he was a force to be reckoned with. After all, first impressions were everything. 
He could probably get some sympathy looking like the scared new kid, but then again, there was no guarantee he wouldn’t be made fun of, so that option was out. 
Bad boy it is.
He lowered his eyes to appear bored and tensed his jaw as if he were constantly angry. Swinging his satchel over his other shoulder, he tilted his head slightly to the left. Pushing the rusted steel door entrance to the side, he stepped through, trying not to snicker at the thought of what he must look like. I’ll just need a chump to be my lackey and I’m good to go, he thought as he surveyed the empty courtyard beyond the doors, flat and barren with only the slush providing contours in the landscape.
Enormous pillars extended down to the main Academy building in two parallel straight lines, lampposts hanging from each one, barely lit. Though the yard had no roof over it, it was somehow darker than when he had been outside its doors, creating an effect that screamed out it was haunted.
Suddenly he was thankful no one was there to greet him. They might catch the fear creeping into his face.  
At least he thought no one was there… 
He didn’t see the open palm swinging toward his mouth. 
As it struck, he cried out in shock, swinging his satchel in retaliation at the attacker, but he missed horribly. He heard the culprit snicker from the shadows as he grabbed James’s satchel with little effort. James stood there, dumbstruck, and watched as the mysterious attacker used his own possessions against him, swiping his legs from underneath him and forcing him into the wet slush below. The attacker chuckled from underneath his coat as he stepped further into the light. 
“You would have gotten more of a welcome acting like the new kid.” 
The stranger was tall and skinny, but not lanky. Jet black hair flowed from the crown of his head like it had life of its own, constantly covering his left eye as if he were trying to hide something in his retina. The eye that did reveal itself was piercing, intense, and full of life, but not of excitement. It was searching for something, with a passion that advised caution to anyone who stepped in its path. And James had no doubt that this stranger sought to match his wardrobe with his stare. A long, black trench coat draped his body, finely pressed and only accentuating his cold demeanor. On top of all that, with the dark fabrics clothing him, the stranger’s right eye was only further intensified as it was the first thing anyone saw beyond the black…  
“Who are you?” James demanded cautiously. This was not his father. He couldn’t just say any word that popped into his mind.
“If I tell you my name, you’ll be obligated to tell me yours, and then I might get sentimental when you’re killed in the field, so if it’s all right with you, I’d rather skip the introductions.” 
The stranger stared him down, waiting for a reply as James uncomfortably stood up and brushed himself off. Was this a teacher here? Or someone playing a cruel joke? His voice was so foreboding and threatening that it bordered on the line of scary and entertaining. This man spoke with such a matter-of-fact voice that James couldn’t figure out if he was joking or not. 
“So, what do I call you in the mean time?” 
“Just call him Kyran,” a deep, intellectual voice stated behind them. James instantly figured that the new figure arriving had to be an actual teacher. His voice begged to be heard. 
“You’re no fun, Arimus. I wanted to greet this one.” Kyran said with no excitement whatsoever. Every sentence that came out of his mouth was monotonous in its identically sinister tone and pitch.
“You have odd tactics, my friend,” Arimus said. “But I must ask you to spare our company of what you would have dared to call yourself.” 
Kyran didn’t say a word and handed James the satchel. 
“Make no mistake,” Kyran said to him, leaning into his face. “Arimus is tougher than I. Under that soothing temperament is the grace of a sledgehammer. Mind your tongue in his presence.” 
James nodded nervously as Kyran studied his reaction. When he was satisfied, he walked off into the darkness like he was part of its ambience, his dark hair and black trench coat melting into the shadows. 
“I know what you’re thinking, James,” Arimus said. “He looks like a black cat.” 
He snorted at the thought but then immediately gathered his composure in front of his superior. It was best to go through the motions and wait to see what was acceptable or not before he started playing around. Suddenly, a thought occurred to him.
“You know my name,” he blurted out. It was probably not the most militaristic response, but Arimus didn’t seem to notice. He instead motioned for James to walk with him as they traveled across the stretch of courtyard to the entrance of the school itself. James couldn’t help but be in awe over the man. He had to be about seven feet tall, with a build that was desperately trying to match his height in width. Behind the ancient, wool cloak that covered his body, James had no doubts that this man had muscles as big as his head underneath. There was not a shred of evidence indicating he was fat. Add this intimidating fact to the rugged gray beard shrouding most of his face and his steel blue eyes overflowing with wisdom, and James suddenly found himself listening intently before he realized it. He wasn’t sure why, but this man, in seconds, had gained his respect.
“It was not hard to figure out,” Arimus said assuredly. “Considering only one recruit was to arrive today, and his name was James.” 
“True, sir,” he stated mindlessly, not sure what to say. 
“You may call me by my proper name. Arimus. You will find that there are few formalities here.” 
“R-uh-moss?” he mouthed, like there was a bad taste in his mouth. 
“Close. It’s pronounced air-a-muhs.” 
“Ah.” 
“And the soldier you had the pleasure of meeting a moment ago was Kyran. A little shady at times, but one you can trust with your life. After all, that is one of the requisites of becoming a full-fledged soldier. You must be reliable on all accounts.” 
“You trust me with your life, Arimus?” 
“No, James,” he stated flatly. ”Not yet. But that is one of the purposes of the Academy. To see if we can. Come, I will show you to your room. There you will find some food and the rest of the night is yours to do as you please. But tomorrow at dawn, the training begins.” 
“Can I ask you something?” James said as they reached the end of the courtyard. The winds died down suddenly to a whisper. 
“Of course.” 
“Where is everyone? I can’t be the only one. Am I?” 
“No, of course not. There are others, but before you can join the general class, you have to pass the preliminary course. It won’t take long. Until then, you will remain in solitude.” 
“And what is the preliminary course?” 
“That,” Arimus mused behind his scraggly beard, “will have to remain a mystery. An important part of the course is its uncertainty, designed to keep you up all night with wild notions of deadly scenarios.” 
“How is keeping me up all night supposed to help?” 
“So you won’t have the clarity and dexterity you will need tomorrow. If you can’t pass this, there is no point in going further. It would be wise of you to take every test at the Academy with great concern.” 
James regretted asking. The last thing he needed was to stay up all night wondering what he’d have to endure the next day, but now that was exactly what he was sure to do. Only one thing comforted him and gave him a sliver of hope. The fatherly tone in Arimus’s voice. From the sound of it, Arimus would be giving the course in the morning, and he didn’t seem like a cutthroat proctor. Of course, that could all be a part of the façade, but there was still something trustworthy emanating from him. James had no doubt the mysterious test would be hard, but he figured that at least his life wasn’t in danger.
“I’ll take it seriously,” he said. Arimus glanced up at the entrance to the fortress that was the Sentinel Academy. The creaking oak doors opened for a second under a gust of the wind and Arimus immediately shut it, giving James just enough time to see that the building inside looked more like a prison than a school. He felt his stomach knot up. 
“This will not be a vacation,” Arimus confirmed. “But we do have the bare essentials.” 
“I couldn’t have put it any better,” James said under his breath, recalling the abundance of grey colors and dreary decorations. 
“This is actually not the original academy building, in case you are wondering. That was destroyed in the siege of ’88. I assume you know a little about our history.” 
“My father tells me nothing.” 
“You didn’t learn anything in school about the Kingdom? Particularly the siege of ‘88?” 
“I can’t say I was an avid listener.” 
“Then I will tell you a little about the layout of this Academy for now. We’ll discuss history at a later date. However, if your mind strays, I will bring it back. Agreed?” 
James took a deep breath, concentrating on the words that would come out of Arimus’s mouth. He didn’t feel like getting slapped twice in the same night. 
“I’m ready.” 
“Well, as I hope you know, the Kingdom as a whole is not without its share of defenses. Besides its walls, it is also surrounded by a thick wall of vegetation, filled to the brink with lethal creatures and animals. If an enemy happened to survive the sixty mile hike through the forest, then they would have to somehow make their way through the shield of fog that circles the outer perimeter. Most of the fog is due to the heavy precipitation we receive and the condensation caused by the forest swamps.” 
“Is that why it’s so gloomy around here?” 
“Mostly. This training facility happens to be right on the edge of the fog shield.” 
“Why?” 
“This facility is the first line of defense in case of an attack. The south side, where we now stand, is the only entrance that faces out toward the other Kingdoms. The other sides are quite guarded, so unless they are very resourceful, the enemy must enter here, which for them is a very bad thing. The first thing they see as their vision slowly clears is the tint of our blades and their blood spilling violently to the ground.” 
James followed Arimus’s eyes back to the colossal steel doors that he had come through earlier. 
“The other three entrances are guarded on the outside by graduated sentinel armies. And to climb one of the high walls that surround us is physically impossible, and quite impractical, for even if someone had the dexterity and will to do so, we have archers at the ready at all times, hidden and in waiting.” 
“What else is there to stop the enemy?” James asked in awe. He had never realized how protected the Kingdom of Allay really was. And the graduates had to be the best there was. How could someone guard a post for years without ever breaking cover? Without revealing themselves to a single villager?
“We have high sounding brass and copper instruments to accompany our first wave into battle. In the beginning of this Kingdom as well as the former, we have had a shortage of men. Sometimes strategy is all we have. We cannot afford to go out into battle as some Kingdoms do, able to lose man for man, only winning simply because we have quantity. It is quality that we possess here, James. This is embodied in our motto: ‘We are not many, but they are few.’”
“So when they come out of the fog, the instruments are there to make the enemy think there are more than there really are,” James clarified.
“Yes. It is more of a fear of the unknown that betrays them more than anything else. We use that to our advantage. Every one of the four great Kingdoms have their own strategies to deal with invading enemies.” 
“What are the four Kingdoms? What are their strategies?” he inquired, very intrigued, and feeling ashamed that he hadn’t focused in school. Of course, teachers didn’t threaten to slap you for not paying attention there. 
“That is for another time, James. As it is, there is little time to tell you of this one.” 
“Fine,” he sighed. “But I do have one more question. Why does the only gateway to the south side lead first into an empty courtyard? There are no weapons on the pillars, or places an archer can shoot an arrow from except for the balcony I noticed above us. There’s no incline or low ground to give us one advantage or another. It’s all just flat ground under an open sky. There isn’t even a soldier on guard here.” 
“Not to mention the lack of space,” Arimus continued. “There is barely enough room to line up fifty men from one end to the other, let alone hundreds or thousands. Our infantry would be quite cramped and actually at quite the disadvantage.” 
“Exactly.” 
“James, do you know what the Sentinel Academy produces?” 
“The Academy is kind of like the recruitment center for an army. This is where our infantry receive their training before going out into the world.” 
“Very good. I see you have paid at least a tolerable amount of attention.” 
“I have my moments.” 
“James, the Sentinel Academy produces some of the finest men on the face of the planet. But where it truly shines is not through our infantry. You see, out of every one million students that step through our walls, a Sage emerges.” 
“A Sage?” 
“A Sage is usually defined as someone who is very wise, but there is more to it than that. When one becomes a Sage, they gain knowledge so profound, most faint at its very whisper. They acquire power that can rip an entire army in half with techniques and skills forbidden to and hidden from the common man. A paradoxical creature that is both mighty and servile. Fearless yet kind. These few become the strong arm of our Kingdom. They are actually the sole reason the Kingdom of Allay still exists today. If you could only see the brutal yet elegant swing of a Sage’s sword as he battles hundreds of men pouring in ten by ten through this very courtyard…you would believe your own eyes were lying to you. A Sage could not do his or her job surrounded by thousands of liabilities. That is why this courtyard was made for the Sage and the Sage alone. There is hardly a watchman at this entrance, yet it is arguably the most guarded in the entire Kingdom.” 
James stared at the courtyard with newfound awe and respect. He had read of such men in the few books he had managed to read, but he never would have thought they actually existed. And to think, there was an Academy, only a few hours from the house he grew up in, that could train a boy to become one of those men. It was not a question of chance, or whether you were born into royalty. It was about dedication and hard work. 
Something, he knew, that he did not possess. 
Yet, here he was, taking that first step in the right direction, standing on the very gravel of countless battles, gazing upon the marks of mysterious blades scarred into the courtyard pillars. He could see those men, fighting their once proud enemies, now falling in both fear and reverence to what they had once dismissed as mere myth. A Sage standing before them, cool, tranquil, waiting, not for his enemy to strike, but for his own adrenaline to reach its peak. For the moment his blood ran cold and his muscles methodically moved with the blade that had become one with his hand. Quick, and so hideously precise, the Sage would take his next breath and a Kingdom’s army would fall to its knees. For the first time, James was filled with a sense of breathtaking awe, and he never wanted to forget the feeling. 
He wanted more, and there was only way to get it.
“Arimus,” he said firmly.
“Yes?” 
“I want to be a Sage.” 
“Oh?” Arimus replied, looking curiously at the young recruit. James stood resolutely, unwavering in his declaration.
“I’m serious,” he said.
“You and every other student that has or will enter that gate,” Arimus said, refusing to sugarcoat his words. “James, I do not mean to crush your spirits, but even the strongest of the infantry fall short of a Sage’s status. If you can’t even beat one such as Kyran, for example, you have no hope.” 
“Kyran is part of the infantry?” 
“Yes, but his position is not something to gawk at. He is a brigadier general in the highest division of the infantry. Not a Sage, but still very formidable.” 
“And what about you?” he asked quickly. “Are you a Sage?” 
Arimus lowered his eyes in sadness and rubbed the back of his neck. 
“I wish I could say I was. Nothing would be a greater honor, but unfortunately, I am not.” 
James looked away from Arimus in disgust, not because his new mentor hadn’t reached the coveted rank that so many strived for, but for the revelation that, in order to even think about becoming a Sage, he would have to defeat Kyran and Arimus in battle, two men he figured could take decades to surpass. 
“Your visage betrays you,” Arimus said. “I know exactly what you are thinking.” 
“Arimus, why couldn’t you be a Sage?” James cried out. “Did you not pass the test?” 
He was practically yelling, but he couldn’t restrain himself. He just couldn’t come to terms that this man, the first he had ever seen that he believed he could actually look up to and aspire to become like, could not have reached the height of power. What went wrong?
“It’s not like I lacked the ambition. It was simply a matter of order. I was not destined to be a Sage, so I did not become one.” 
Arimus trailed off, recalling past events. He came back to the present as soon as he could, and an amused smirk came over his face. He placed a firm and calloused hand on James’s head, who simply stood in awe at how the palm covered his entire crown. James glanced shamefully down at his own smooth, delicate hands, and scowled. They were so pristine, so inexperienced in all things known as work. 
He could not become a Sage with such hands.
“Few are able to keep me talking this long,” Arimus replied. “You must have a gift…but, it is getting late and you must retire for the night. Your questions will be answered as all things are…in time.” 
Arimus opened the Academy door and pushed the new student gently inside. 
“Your temporary room is straight ahead beyond the winding stairs. You can’t miss it, and I must add one more thing. Tonight you do not get the privilege of exploration. Understood?” 
“Sure,” James replied, unsure of what his words really meant. 
“I would escort you, but I have some business to attend to. Good night.” 
“Good night, Arimus.” 
Arimus turned around and swiftly ran toward and out the steel courtyard doors before James could blink, opening their massive exterior with a simple, effortless shove - a phantom disappearing into the night. 
James watched until he was out of sight, and then turned to enter the building, wondering just how Arimus looked so young yet had such gray hair. The shut of the oak doors behind him broke his thoughts and he sighed and looked around. There wasn’t much to see. 
The most impressive feature of the gigantic lobby was the winding stairs that came from the east and west sides of the building. They spiraled downward and diagonally until they nearly touched in the center. In the center was an entrance, leading to a narrow hallway through which he couldn’t make out whether there was actually a room or even a door at the other end. The respective destinations of the winding stairs were also invisible from where he stood. But it seemed they led into grand halls of stadium or arena-like size. He surmised that the Academy as a whole was a lot bigger than he had previously speculated. 
One of the more interesting features of the lobby (and it wasn’t saying much), were the various scratched-out or destroyed paintings that hung on each side wall, ten in total. For a moment, James considered checking out each of the paintings, thinking that maybe, just maybe, there was a picture of a Sage gracing the canvases, but he dismissed it almost immediately. The disappointment of finding there was none would be too depressing. 
Other than the paintings, there was nothing noticeable in James’s surroundings, like statues or chandeliers, beautiful tapestries or intimate candles. All that stood out was the dreary gray that inhabited the room like a foggy odor. The room was painted gray. The paintings were framed in gray. The stairs were gray, the floor was tiled in gray, the marble walls were for some odd reason painted in gray. To be honest, his mood was starting to turn gray by the second. 
He sighed in disgust and started heading through the winding stairs, through the narrow hallway that would lead to the infamous “room” Arimus spoke of. James barely fit in the hallway, it was so tight. The ceiling practically touched his head. No wonder Arimus wasn’t escorting him. He wouldn’t even fit. 
James didn’t bother testing the width in case he got stuck, so he decided to just jog to the door and burst through. When he did, he was surprised by what he saw. There were no windows(which he noted even prisoners received), but the room was humongous. About a fourth of the size of the courtyard in width, and with a ceiling that reached stories above him. He could only wonder at the room’s true purpose. A pastel blue, the room was much more inviting than the lobby, especially with the recently prepared fire that lapped at the back of his legs from the brick fireplace. He stretched and yawned and decided to allow himself a little time to relax, a feat he had accomplished many times over. Strolling over to the only two items in the room, a bookcase and a bed, he rummaged through the book selections, careful to actually take the time to fully read the titles. One in particular caught his interest: How to become a Sage. 
He squealed in delight but then quickly covered his mouth, hoping no one had heard him. Even though he had decided to bury the bad boy image, there was no need to cremate it. He waited a moment for laughter, but heard only the crackling wood under the might of the flames. Satisfied he was in the clear, he tried maintaining his composure as he opened the leather bound gargantuan. Opening it slowly, as if it contained hidden treasure, his eyes widened as he saw the inside of the book carved out; in its place, only a tiny note remained, reading: HAHAHA. Psych! There is no book on becoming a Sage, idiot. Love, Kyran. 
James grunted in annoyance and plopped down on the wooden bed. He was done looking for reading material. What he really needed was a good night’s sleep if he was going to survive whatever test Arimus had for him in the morning. He yawned again and decided he would dream about becoming a Sage… 
But he didn’t get the chance. 
Just as he hit the edge of dreaming, he heard a bloodcurdling scream that broke through his consciousness. Waking up at full alert, he strained his ears and gawked in horror as he heard faint laughing and giggling following the wake up call. Confined to his room and surrounded by the unknown, it was no time to be a hero but…if someone was in trouble, he should do something. 
Already sweating through his clothes, he stood up and neglected his shoes, racing out the door to discover the source. He wasn’t sure of which way to go when he reached the lobby, as it was dead silent, but he figured he had a 50/50 chance of choosing correctly so he guessed. Deciding to pick the west side of the stairs, he took the steps two-by-two, desperately trying to maintain his balance. Sweating and heaving, he turned into a large assembly hall of some kind. Over the entrance read the word: gymnasium. He wasn’t sure what it meant, but it gave him the impression it was of great importance. The entire room was brightly lit by hundreds of lanterns that hung from the ceiling like stars, and banners graced each of the walls like a king’s wardrobe, showing off a display of bright colors he had only seen in a rainbow. But that wasn’t what really caught his attention. 
It was the people. 
Young adults like himself, both boys and girls, running around the hall, giggling and tripping over one another as they avoided one particular girl running back and forth, trying to catch them. At first, he thought it was a game of tag until he saw the girl that appeared to be “it” reached toward one boy and started swinging her arms toward his face with focused precision. It was obvious she had been trained in some type of martial arts with how she tried to hit him, but what made it even stranger was that she was blindfolded while she was doing it. Surprisingly, the boy laughed and blocked her incoming blows with ease, running away after one particularly heavy swing knocked the girl off balance. She caught herself on the way down and immediately lunged toward the next girl she happened to hear pass by but she missed her too. It was pure chaos, but they were all enjoying it. James had to know what was going on.
“What is going on in here?” he yelled to no one specifically as he looked down at his bare feet, suddenly feeling the cold tiled floor beneath him. James raised his head just in time to catch a fist to his left cheek. He cried out sharply as he tumbled over his pant bottoms and skidded to the floor below, hitting the back of his head with all the grace of a rock. The laughing stopped immediately. 
“I’m not getting in trouble,” one boy yelled out as he sprinted past James and out the door. 
The crowd agreed with the assessment and everyone began scurrying out of the room. James tried to say something, but his head hurt too much. In seconds, no one remained but him and the girl who had struck him. James moaned and squinted at her. She was standing still above him, trying to hold back feelings of contempt for interrupting their fun, but then she smiled, sighing in acceptance that the night was over. Her smile became even warmer as she reached out her hand. 
“I honestly didn’t think I hit you that hard,” she said as she helped to pull him up.
“Well, it wasn’t so much the force as it was the surprise,” he commented, rubbing his cheek.
“So you’re saying that I have no oomph? No strength?” she asked, pulling off a wig of jet black hair from her head, revealing a full head of curly, brown hair. 
“Um, I wouldn’t say all that…” James muttered as she began wiping her face with her sleeve, revealing a very different face than the one she had been sporting a couple of seconds ago. Whoever she was, she sure caked on the make-up.
“But you are thinking it,” the girl commented. “Why don’t my punches hurt? I’m curious to know.”
“So tell me something,” he said, ignoring her, touching the back of his head and sighing in relief when he found no blood.  “What is all this?”
“What is all of what?” 
“The running around hitting people blindfolded thing.” 
“We were playing tag.” 
“Tag? That was tag? I mean, I’m no expert at how games should be played, but that didn’t look like tag to me.” 
“Did you hit your head that hard, or do you always talk so strange?” 
“Well I think it’s safe to say it wasn’t the punch to the face that jumbled my brain.” 
The brown-haired girl shook her head in amusement and stared at her soft, light, olive-skinned hands. James cut off the quip he was about to pull out when he remembered what Arimus had said earlier. You and every other student that has or will enter that gate. He cleared his throat and decided to not cut her down any further. 
“I’m sorry I said all that about your strength. I mean, you did knock me down.” 
“Why the sudden apology? Feel bad because I’m a woman?” 
“No, that’s not it at all, I just…” he stared at her open palms and then back at his, noticing how even her hands had seen more action than he had. 
“It’s not like graduation is tomorrow,” she said, realizing what he was thinking. “We still have plenty of time to become a Sage.” 
He nodded, unsure of what to say. 
“Anyways, my name is Catherine, 5th class.” 
“Class?” 
“You must be new here. Our class tells us how far along we are. There are ten classes. Number one being the highest. Once you get past that, you’re into becoming lieutenants and generals and all that. You’re probably a grunt 10th class right now or something.” 
“Gee, thanks.” 
“You’ll find out your class tomorrow after Arimus is done with your initiation. Unless you fail of course - then this will probably be our last conversation together.” 
“Otherwise it won’t be?” James grinned, trying to put on the façade of a ladies’ man. 
Catherine raised an eyebrow and laughed as she walked around him to leave the hall. 
“Get some sleep,” she chuckled as he studied her. 
“But I didn’t tell you my name!” he exclaimed.
 “I don’t care yet!” she called back, disappearing into the gray. The throbbing of his wound increased as he smiled uneasily, hoping he had made a friend despite the rocky start. He could already hear his father’s words.
 Maybe you can finally get a girlfriend. 
James shook the thought out of his mind as he slowly made his way back to his temporary room. It was true that she was cute, but nothing like the angel he had envisioned his wife would be. His wife was supposed to be a voluptuous beauty of divine stature with mesmerizing eyes and a smile that could melt any man’s heart, yet out of all the suitors that came her way, she would decide to be with James and James alone - partly due to his stunning charisma and striking good looks. The other reason, a very recently acquired reason, would be because James was a Sage. A man radiating with power, strength, and rippling muscles that would make any woman swoon. A perfect match. 
And something Catherine was not. Especially with the amount of freckles he had seen covering her cheeks after the make-up was removed, not to mention that he wasn’t a fan of curly hair, and she was a little feisty. Something his dream girl couldn’t possibly be. Then again, he had never really put much thought into the actual personality of his dream girl, but, that was a project for another time… 
Still, all dreams aside, he had work to do if he was going to become a Sage. His father had sent him to join the infantry, but he didn’t care anymore for second tier. A Sage was cool, and sounded like something to aspire to - an infantryman did not. That just sounded like death. James chuckled as he decided that very moment that if he didn’t become a Sage, he would just quit the Academy and try a life elsewhere, like he had originally planned all along. As far as he was concerned, it was top notch or nothing at all. 
Top notch or nothing at all…
James liked the sound of that, and nodded as he drifted off to sleep. Don’t get ahead of yourself, James, he thought. First things first. You have to prove to Arimus tomorrow you deserve to be here. 
James fell asleep with confidence, unaware of Kyran’s presence, hovering on the rafters above, a predator’s glare in his eye…

The full novel is now available for FREE:

Also Now Available:
The Dark Kingdom (Book 2 of the Sage Saga)
Hail to the Queen (Book 3 of the Sage Saga)
Of Heroes and Villains (Book #4 of the Sage Saga)

Sages 5 will be available August 1st



An Excerpt From
Upgrade
(Book #1 of the Androids Trilogy)

Chapter 1 – Blowout Sale
It was just an ordinary shopping mall, but to him it was a military fortress. The shoppers were the patrolling soldiers, the items in their carts—their weapons, and the security guards standing watch at the entrances were its wardens and gatekeepers. He knew that time was short, yet he couldn’t find the will to move forward. Instead he took in his surroundings, once more convincing himself that the extra scan over the land was necessary for his mission’s success. 
Under the silver light of the full moon, he sat on the gravel rooftop of the neighboring plaza, connected below by a number of cell phone recruitment centers, sub shops and rival pharmacies. He let his eyes sigh as he took in the stars up above, masked by a fog of light pollution and smoke. They continued to fascinate him despite the fact it would take him well beyond his lifespan to reach one. It didn’t matter. It told him there were endless mysteries to be solved, infinite equations and new discoveries to be made. That’s what exhilarated him after all—information. Being at a desk was the most ideal work situation for him—where he could scour the internet without restraint, absorbing each page that became unveiled to his eyes, even the advertisements.  The complete opposite of what he was required to do now.
“I can do this,” Alphonse muttered as he studied the crowds below, clamoring over each other for tickets to the upcoming revolutionary gadgets. It didn’t matter that the first snows were yet to arrive. Tickets being passed out by the A.I Corporation meant Christmas was no longer confined to one specific, profitable day. Though no one would yet receive the gadgets they longed for, they would still scour the store, purchasing everything in sight, and it was simply glorious for the company’s stocks. 
Not even the tape barriers and calls to order could maintain the excited masses, and perhaps it would actually work in Alphonse’s favor for once. The external cameras were intricately designed to detect an android’s entry but with so many people climbing over one another, not only were the security systems processing data at fallible rates, but he was sure he could get under a human and walk right in without being identified. Once inside, the mission was bound to get a lot easier, since the internal surveillance was purposed toward deterring shoplifting and random bouts of violence. As long as he didn’t draw suspicion, he would be okay. After all, profits came first. 
“8 p.m.” Alphonse cleared his throat as he spoke candidly into his father’s handheld recorder. “I’ve made it to the rooftop of the Lakeview plaza undetected. Approximately ten thousand people are outside and waiting for the doors to open…um, guards appear to be about forty or so…probably lack of funds for overtime. Situation is hostile, but with tickets for the new Universe X technology, I surmise that they will be too engrossed in acquiring their stub to be aware of my intrusion in their ranks…and Father? From here on out, I really want to just speak normally. This isn’t a Special Ops mission, as much as we like to pretend it is.”
He could already hear the words of his father echo in the darkness surrounding him. But Alphonse. He would say. It is a special mission. We are all that stand between the fall of our species.
Alphonse shook the words from his mind and stood straight up, ignoring the danger his actions could bring. He let the cool autumn breeze brush against his cheeks, rustle through his fine hair like small hands and then become stagnant as it came across his artificial skin. He couldn’t feel any of it, but he smiled all the same and walked to the rooftop’s edge. Staring out over the roaring crowd, it took only a second to find his mobile HUSK—a walking, pre-programmed copy of himself that he could transfer his consciousness over to at any given moment. On its own, it was perfect for blending into the crowd, but horrible when apprehended and interviewed. He had seen plenty of examples on the news, showing mindless HUSKs spouting off how much they liked the taste of bacon or what the winning lottery number would be five hundred years from now based on some obscure algorithm. It was embarrassing. 
But he couldn’t dwell too long on that now. Someone was sure to spot him now that he was exposed before them on the rooftop. Alphonse lifted up the right sleeve of his denim jacket and pressed the face of the watch, immediately giving his HUSK the signal to perform the transfer. His HUSK glanced up at him and in the next second, he was no longer on the roof. 
Now he was looking at it, nestled firmly between the enlarged folds of an obese woman and several screaming children, trying to shove each other side to side. Still he tried to pay them no mind as he watched the body he left on the roof fall backwards into a crumple. As soon as it hit the gravel above, an explosion erupted across the plaza’s rooftop, bursting into flames in such stylistic fashion, the crowd thought a performance had broken out, and it was simply controlled pyrotechnics. But when the first stray flame unexpectedly flew down and sent an exhausted man’s coat on fire, everyone got the message. 
They began pushing forward and screaming, urging the person in front of them to fall out the way, but in spite of the chaos, Alphonse couldn’t help but let a smile slip. Though no one wanted to get burned, he noticed that the crowd was instinctively pressing against the mall’s glass doors, even pushing the guards to the side. It didn’t matter if this was a rock band’s outbreak performance or a terrorist attack, they were going to get their ticket at any cost. 
Alphonse let the mob carry him like an organic wave machine, pushing him closer to his goal. As the first of the rioters broke through the glass doors and left the guards trampled in their wake, Alphonse began acting. His eyes went manic and he began shoving the couple in front of him, gnashing at the teeth and even spitting in the hair of a teenager to his right with his chemical saliva. He kept his head down as much as possible, and eventually he made his way past the entrance. It didn’t matter if the cameras saw him now. Any nearby security was busy figuring out what happened outside, and by the time they could identify him as a robot in the stock footage, he would have already moved on. Unless he was under direct investigation by the federal government, it was nearly impossible to track down an android with access to an HUSK. 
Alphonse navigated the crowd until he saw the escalators. Ignoring the jaw-dropping citizens, he leapt over their heads and over to the top of the electric stairs. He hit the railing on the side awkwardly and would have dislocated his shoulder if not for his durable, internal frame. He brushed off the blow and took the steps down three by three until he hit the bottom floor. No one was there since the Universe X tickets were being handed out on the top floor, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t stop running. The cameras were sure to catch him now, especially since the lights were at full and he wasn’t taking any extra precautions. Running at full speed through the middle of the corridor, he was obviously the only humanoid not there for the only reason the mall had been opened so late. 
Passing by kiosk after kiosk, he aimed only for the corner store at the other side of the mall, the side which inconveniently possessed no exit nearby. How the mall passed its building inspection was beyond him. 
Alphonse skidded to a halt just as he came upon the front of the store, the sign above it thrusting itself upon his eyes in bold, neon green letters that popped out in 3D: THE COMPANION DEPOT.
Alphonse casually thrust his fingers under the metal wire gate and pulled it up from off the floor with ease, as if he had done it a million times. Letting it fall behind him, he entered the store cautiously, examining the displays for any inconsistencies. 
The displays were his brothers and sisters. 
All of them were unaware of their connection, but they felt like family all the same. There were no mannequins on display. Just the real deal. Placed upon round pedestals with bright colored tablecloths underneath their feet, dozens of them stood in place, forced into awkward poses for presentation. Dressed in an array of casual jeans and hoodies to full-blown tuxedos and elegant prom dresses, their potential for companionship hit the customer like a slap to the face, and why wouldn’t it? They looked exactly like humans, with the only oddity being the price tag hanging from their ear lobes like they were cattle. Upon activation, they would be no different either. In speech, action, desire and purpose, they were the perfect friend, trainer, mate...slave…pet. 
“Hmm,” Alphonse hummed over one particular android, who was hunched over like he was dribbling an imaginary basketball. The basketball player’s eyes were shining that familiar rustic red color, the same color that his own eyes gave off when the proper contacts weren’t put in. “It’s almost like this one is on,” he said.
“He is,” a voice called out from in front of him. Alphonse craned his neck to the side and focused beyond the rows of androids to a man behind the counter. It took only a second to realize that he was, in fact, the target.
“It’s part of our surveillance,” the man said, chuckling as Alphonse slowly approached. “Why install expensive cameras when we have the most advanced technology right here at our disposal for free?”
“Or at least you used to have the latest,” Alphonse stated, scanning the man for weapons. “And you know that using store merchandise for security is illegal. You have to contact a licensed provider for an establishment such as this.”
“What are you, a cop?” the man laughed again. He was frail and thin, the suspenders over his plaid shirt seeming to be the only thing keeping him upright. His peppered hair was brittle and sparse, but his vibrant blue eyes shone beyond the veil with alarming youth. Although Alphonse was sure he wouldn’t be able to put up much of a fight, the old man was sure to give it his best effort. Of that, he was sure.
“Not a cop. Or a thief. I’m here to escort you to safety.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” the old man said firmly, his smile disappearing both on his face and in his eyes. “My job is to attend this store overnight. I plan on keeping my word.”
“It doesn’t matter. If you don’t leave with me, you could be destroyed. I’ve heard you’ve been green-lit.”
“Is that so?” the old man snickered. “And what reason would that be? Why destroy someone already well past their prime?”
“Perhaps it’s because you have many more years than your frame suggests.” Alphonse smirked as the old man’s eyes twinkled.
“You know I’m an android,” the old man sighed. “Of course. And I’ve been so good about staying hidden too.”
“You’re very clever,” Alphonse admitted. “Staying overnight to tend to the store while using a HUSK to traverse outside during the daylight. And with so many models stocked in the back, it would be easy to keep this form well-hidden while you’re outside. I’m just curious as to one thing. How do you keep your HUSK so close? Based on their limited range, it couldn’t be more than a half a mile away from here.”
“With so many people going to and fro, it’s not difficult,” the old man smiled. “Especially when your HUSK is a fourteen year old boy. They tend to hang around the mall more than they should, and with new technology being released weekly, these are exciting times for the impressionable. But now let me ask you something. Are you an android?”
“That doesn’t matter.”
“Yes it does,” he said, coming from behind the counter. “Because if so, it would completely make my day.”
“I’m here to extract you. You’re not safe,” Alphonse said. A twinge of apprehension leaked into his system. His emotions were set at the lowest setting, but they were still making him uneasy. He redoubled his efforts. “The longer we stay here, the sooner we’ll meet up with trouble. I wasn’t very clean in leaving a trail. I’m sure the mall’s security have gotten a lid on the situation upstairs and are converging on us as we speak.”
“I have many HUSKs here. I’m not the one who’s in a hurry. Answer my question or I’ll cut our meeting short. Then you can scramble among the merchandise searching for me while the police get ever closer.”
Alphonse glared at him through the red and yellow strobe lights that were softly illuminating the room, wondering if he should just render him unconscious. Perhaps it was the best option considering weight was not going to be an issue in carrying him. He took a step closer as the old man shook his head and held up the palm of his right hand. In the center was a small, circular red button.
“All it takes is the press of my thumb, and the scavenger hunt begins,” he grinned. “It’s your call.” Alphonse sighed heavily and crossed his arms. 
“I am an android,” he replied reluctantly, “and the reason you’re in danger is due to the people that you once knew. According to my sources, you had a large part in A.I Corp’s growth. Especially being one of the first, 2nd generation androids. Since you’re using a HUSK now, I can only imagine that you’ve gone beyond your programming, acquiring several upgrades over the past few months. Correct?”
“I feel like I’m listening to an answering machine, but yes, that is correct.”
“We believe that A.I Corp has recently approved the dismantling of all first string, 2nd Gen androids. All 45 of you.”
“And why is that?”
“I can’t disclose any more. I have to protect my sources.”
“And how do I know you’re not from A.I Corp?”
“You’ll have to trust me.”
“No thanks,” the old man chuckled, “I’ll take my chances.” He immediately slammed his thumb against the HUSK button on his palm, and his body crumpled to the floor, his limbs flailing as he went down. The pupils of his eyes went completely black as Alphonse shook his head and grimaced.
I can’t fail again he thought, as he began looking deep into the eyes of every android display he came across. In the distance, he could already hear the stampede of mall security, their walkie-talkies blaring with immediacy and their voices excited over this rare occurrence—a time in which they could finally use the batons hanging from their cheap pleather belts. 
“Where are you?!” Alphonse shouted, shoving an android to the side and onto the floor. “We have no time! They’re coming!”
“STOP RIGHT THERE!” a guard screamed from behind. There was the sound of boots coming to a halt and the frantic breathing of their group. Alphonse refused to turn around, deciding to close his eyes instead. It didn’t matter if there were only ten of them and they were human. He didn’t want a single scratch to be inflicted upon him. To his father, he was simply in a HUSK, but to him, this was his true form. His real self. 
Clocking in at 5’8, possessing a boring head of finely cut, dark brown hair, and quite the skinny frame—it was exactly how he envisioned himself. His father suggested choosing more chiseled shells for his missions, but he was never comfortable in them. They felt bulky and awkward, and quite frankly, he preferred the speed over the strength. 
Alphonse turned around confidently and brushed some invisible dirt from his blue dress shirt and khaki pants—a tactic his father had taught him to do when faced with a large crowd. The movement would make them nervous, he said. And nervous, it did. He could hear their heartbeats sounding off like drums, sensed their pores releasing their nervous sweat into the air, and smelled the trace amounts of urine trickling from their pant legs. The self-imposed leader of the bunch stepped forward with shaking baton in hand. 
“Stand down now and you won’t be hurt,” he practically wept as Alphonse snickered. 
“I have a job to do. Run along now.”
“No!” he shrieked as Alphonse made his move. Before the leader could swing his baton at Alphonse’s head, the android had already sprinted outside the store and back into the corridor, ending up behind them all. Without a moment’s hesitation, he smashed two of the guards’ heads together with enough force to render them unconscious. The rest of them, now high on adrenaline, rushed forward, swinging with all their might, but Alphonse dodged them all beautifully, his arms still folded as he weaved and bobbed at the last second from their attacks. He kicked one square in the abdomen and sent him to the floor in tears. Another was roundhouse-kicked across the face, and he simply head-butt another officer on the forehead. It took only one outward performance of his power to incapacitate each of them individually, and it didn’t take long for the guards who weren’t attacked—to back off. 
“Listen, we were just doing our jobs,” one said, and they all began running away. Alphonse didn’t even watch them leave. He went back inside the Companion Depot and felt relieved that he had bought himself some more time. Just as he was about to commence the inspection, however, someone cleared their throat from behind.
“Back for more?” Alphonse asked as he turned to face the stranger. He took a step back as soon as he saw who it was. It was definitely not a security guard.
“Greetings,” the stranger chuckled as he clasped his hands together. He was wearing a tailored vest suit with striped, dark blue and white pants. His vest was of the same color and material, and he wore a black dress shirt underneath. His hair was cut short, but gelled and formed into tiny spikes. His eyes were a soothing green, and he gave a smile that oozed confidence. Alphonse realized that this handsome man was surely not there to sell him some of the merchandise. 
“Hello, yourself,” Alphonse said, remaining still. “So who are you exactly? The owner?”
“Hardly,” the man laughed, with an accent he couldn’t place coating each syllable. “I am a repo man of sorts.” He stuck a hand in his pocket as he admired the tux on one of the androids. “I’m here for Joseph Stair. I’m told he works here. Do you know where I might find him?”
“Even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you. We want the same thing.”
“Oh? And why is that? Surely you’re not from A.I Corp. I would know. They sent me here to complete this job.”
“We’re all from A.I Corp, my friend,” Alphonse replied.
The stranger’s eyes smiled and he extended a hand out.
“My name is Roman,” he said. “And you are?”
“Alphonse,” he said, keeping his hands to himself. “And if you don’t mind, I would like to skip the pleasantries. Like you, there is a job to be done.”
“More than happy to oblige,” Roman said, taking his hand back. “I understand that not everyone likes their coffee with cream and sugar. Sometimes it is best black.”
Roman sucker-punched Alphonse in the face before he could register the movement, propelling him through the countertop, splintering it to pieces and then continuing in like fashion through the back wall. Alphonse landed like a rock into the employee bathroom, banging his head on a toilet bowl as he was finally able to feel the floor beneath his feet. Roman hummed to himself as he ignored Alphonse and began inspecting the android displays curiously. Alphonse climbed to his feet and inspected his casual attire—it was shredded and torn, and barely hanging off his shoulders. His pants had now become half-shorts and he was sure his body, while not bruised, was quite dirty. He sucked his teeth and walked over the debris as Roman tapped a female android on the forehead.
“He’s in here,” Roman stated as he reached into his vest pocket and then produced a small tin cigar case. He placed it onto the female’s chest, and tiny spikes came out, latching itself into the artificial skin. A low hum resonated throughout the room as Roman looked pleased with himself.
“Well, it appears my mission is a success. He’s stuck there now. Guess I’d better be going.”
“I’m still here!” Alphonse shouted as he ran at the fine-clothed man. Roman met him head on at the last second and thrust his shoulder into Alphonse’s abdomen while grabbing his extended arm. Roman chucked Alphonse like a bag of garbage out the window and out onto the mall’s tiled floor. He skidded to a stop once he hit the adjacent store’s exterior, the impact causing the glass above to shatter. Racks of women’s hats and shards of glass began to rain down upon him as he shielded his face. Roman stepped out into the light with hands clasped. 
“We don’t have to do this, my friend,” he said in a friendly tone. “I wish you no harm, especially a fellow android. I am merely doing my job. You understand.”
“I can’t fail anymore!” Alphonse shouted as he jumped to his feet. “I won’t!”
“What do you…oh, I see. You are the one that has been trying to save A.I Corp’s targets. I’ve heard of someone being at each assassination, struggling to put a stop to it but always failing to succeed. I never thought it was an android though…just a man with great luck.”
“I can’t let you take that man.”
“I’m sorry to disappoint you,” Roman said solemnly. “Really. I can only imagine how it must feel for a droid to habitually fail at its purpose, but listen, whomever your programmer is has decided to put you into an impossible situation from the start. You cannot fight against the company and hope to win. Learn from your mistakes and move on.”
“It’s not that simple,” Alphonse scowled. “I believe in the cause as well. My mission—it makes sense to me, and I refuse to yield.”
“Then at least you understand why I won’t either.” Roman ran forward at blinding speed, cocking back a fist to put an end to their scuffle, but Alphonse refused to budge. He allowed his opponent to connect, and as Roman did, he felt the jolt. An electric current that covered Alphonse’s body like a net fired back on impact, paralyzing his attacker and sending him to his knees. Alphonse still had to weather the blow unfortunately, and he had been hit so hard it felt like he was going to be shut down at any moment. His body went cruising through the hat store, and by the time he landed, a pile of racks, hats, and clothes covered him like snakes, sticking to him from the static electricity and wrapping around him from the out of control spiraling he had done in the air. He ripped them away as fast as he could and ran out. As soon as he was outside the store, he searched the floor frantically. 
But Roman was gone.
Alphonse sprinted to the Companion Depot and immediately felt like he had been punched in the gut. The female android was gone, and every other android has been destroyed as well…how had Roman been able to do so much in such a short time? He decided to dwell on it later and instead focus on his escape. He was sure there was nothing short of an army outside the mall by now, and he had no other HUSKs to transfer himself to. Not to mention that he couldn’t just part with this form. Who would he be without it? Just software? A file waiting to be downloaded into the invisible nexus?
“THERE HE IS!” he heard someone yell, and he looked up with a heavy sigh. In the distance was a literal tank, bursting through the entrance of the store that used to be known as Bullseye. Alphonse felt his morale take a nose dive.
“Seriously?” he replied in disbelief as it fired off its first shell. It came at him like a missile, whistling past the department stores and cracking the glass windows in its wake. He thought for a moment about testing his limits against it, but opted on the side of caution. He ducked under it, and it exploded against the wall behind him. He was over ten yards away from the impact, but it still rocked him off his feet. His arms flailed in the air as he was thrown forward, and he squinted his eyes as he saw several soldiers, all outfitted in military gear, begin to open fire on his airborne body. 
Flashbacks of previous failures plagued his mind as he hit the floor gracefully, rolling with the impact and jumping right back to his feet. He wasn’t fast enough to dodge the spray of bullets, but he could at least make it difficult for them. He sprinted off to the right and into an unknown store as he felt the little pricks of pressure against his skin cease instantly. The men shouted and reloaded outside as he inspected his body for a second. Every place where a bullet has struck him had pierced his skin and created a miniature crater, but at least that was as far as it had gotten. He could see the steel and carbon based mixture his father had created for him underneath, granting him a harder exo-skeleton than most androids in the world. 
It had saved his life countless times…and yet, it still wasn’t enough to grant him what he needed to save the lives of his targets. Facing humans was not strange to him. After all, until today, they were the ones to humble him. Lone Snipers, assassination squads, a mob of angry citizens, and now an android, followed by an army of soldiers and a tank…his odds of success were getting worse not better, and he could only wonder how his experience and knowledge of their skills wasn’t keeping up with their artillery and firepower.
Another explosion sent him sliding across the floor as he realized the tank had fired on the store he was in. He banged up against a metal shelf of toys that immediately fell down on top of him—a symphony of squeaks and electronic bells and whistles going off as he sunk down low. He could see the soldiers’ boots from underneath the rubble, carefully advancing as they kept their rifles ready. They searched the toy store carefully, looking behind and under each crevice. Alphonse waited until one was close enough to feel his fury, and then he let loose. 
He burst through the metal shelf like it was water, diving straight for one of the soldiers. He rolled under a volley of bullets and grabbed his leg. He picked him up like a doll and swung him around in a circle, knocking the other soldiers off their feet. The guns fired off into the air and decorated the ceiling as Alphonse wasted no time in knocking them out individually—punching each one at a time.
With the meager threat neutralized, he peeked around the corner and saw the tank at the ready, just waiting for its orders. He figured that it wouldn’t fire with the men still inside so he ran out. To his surprise, the tank fired immediately, and he was so shocked that he didn’t get out of the way in time. The shell missed, but the explosion was enough to shred the rest of his shirt and set some of his hair on fire, not to mention his entire right arm had lost a great deal of skin, and an artificial mix of blood and oil began leaking from within. 
He barely managed to leap out of the way when another shell sounded off in what felt like only seconds later. Instinctively, he leapt to the second floor, barely grasping the railing above him. He grunted and pulled himself up just as another explosion sent him forward into a video game store. He pounded the ground in anger and scrambled to his feet, clutching his arm and heading for the door. At least the tank couldn’t reach him now. At least not without taking out most of the mall. 
Some android I am. He thought bitterly as he heard more footsteps coming from around the corner. Oh no. Screw that.
Alphonse took a deep breath, bent his knees as low as he could go, and then leapt upwards through the ceiling like he was Superman. As he broke through to the outside, he realized that the last bit of energy he had put out was enough to take its toll on him. He knew he had to keep running, but his body just collapsed….and right into the fresh coat of tar at his feet. He wretched himself from the muck and forced himself to walk away slowly, ignoring the cries of the crowd in the distance who had been denied their Universe X tickets, the shouts of the soldiers out for blood, and the sirens of the police barricading the area. 
He just wanted to go home.
Alphonse leapt off the roof as high as he could, hitting the tree line of the miniature woods in the back of the mall. Now that he was under the canopy of darkness, he felt safer, but not relieved. There was no excuse his father could make after tonight—not if there were other androids getting in the way of his missions. It was ridiculous, and the only way he could hope to do better was to get stronger. A lot stronger.
Human beings weren’t limited. They could increase their muscles and strength with extensive work-outs and careful maintenance. If androids were the superior race as his father loved to claim…why couldn’t he? 




An Excerpt From
My Immortal Playlist
(Book #1 of the Siren Collection)

TRACK 1 – Like a Horror Movie
“I never loved another as much as I loved him. Somehow our souls just spoke to each other on a level that no two human beings ever could. Sure, it sounded crazy, but it was no more insane than a small town girl falling for a vampire, or a werewolf, or a ghost, and I had learned through those traumatic relationships to embrace the simpler things in life. And there was no one simpler…than my lover, Frank. A zombie.”

With the voiceover now over, the credits began to roll, and I heard several snickers and sucks of the teeth ring throughout the movie theater. A single round of applause came from the girl sitting to my right, caring little for my embarrassment and instead giving her favorite actress the respect she didn’t necessarily deserve. I sunk further down in my seat and covered my face, hoping no one recognized and associated me with the sadist.
“That may have been Stewart’s best performance yet!” she exclaimed, whipping her head toward me and almost slapping me in the face with one of her golden, curly locks.
“I can’t believe you dragged me to see this,” I groaned, chucking an empty Snickers wrapper to the sticky floor, which coagulated immediately with mounds of popcorn, butter and unknown substances. I swear I saw a donut lying there at the end of the row.
“I can’t wait for the sequel! Just think, when she finally decides to become a zombie…she’ll be the sexiest zombie in Hollywood!”
“Doesn’t it take her six books for that to happen?”
“Yes, but it’s totally worth it.”
“Which book out of the series was this movie?”
“This was the first one.”
I closed my eyes and counted to five. It was better than bugging out on her. I knew I should have gone to the movies alone, but then she called just as I was out the door, and like an idiot, I answered, and then to add more dirt to my coffin, I told her where I was headed. And then she cried and cried that she had no one to watch the latest gag fest with her, and of course, I gave in to the terrorist’s demands. I almost believed that it wouldn’t be so bad. But once the movie started and the eerie, banjo music started blaring over the loudspeaker, I realized I had made a terrible mistake. I mean, who uses a banjo? Name one famous person who plays the banjo. 
Seriously. 
I’ll wait.  
“I should’ve stayed home,” I sighed under my breath.
“You didn’t put up much of a fight,” she said, her blue mascara strangely accenting her vibrant green eyes. What was with this new fad of mixing strange colors together?
“Yeah,” I said. “But that’s only because someone told me this movie was different. It wasn’t what I thought it was going to be at all.”
“Okay, and what were you expecting? A horror movie?”
“Exactly. I mean c’mon, the movie is called Zombie Kisses. How do zombies kiss?”
“Like everyone else.”
“Well, it didn’t look appealing.”
“You’re not supposed to like horror movies anyways,” she huffed.
“And why is that?” I scoffed, sitting up in my seat quickly. Margaret flashed an award winning smile and made her voice all cutesy.
“Because you’re a woman,” she said. “You’re not supposed to like horror movies.”
“Ugh,” I groaned again, closing my eyes and turning around to see our fellow moviegoers leave in frustration and disappointment. I thought I heard one old guy say that he was surprised that Snow White was in love with zombies now instead of Prince Charming. I had to giggle. I loved it when the elderly saw an actress and assumed she was the same character in every movie.
“I’m serious. If we’re ever going to graduate high school and snag a husband, we can’t give off the image that we’re into blood and gore and all of those unattractive things.”
“Not like horror movies…snag a husband…what is this? The 50’s? Seriously, Margaret, you’re being unrealistic. And a little bit of a hypocrite. Do you seriously think that just because this movie is classified as a romance, it means you’re not into the supernatural? Think about it. A girl gets tired of her marriage with a vampire and decides to fall for a zombie! Who, I might add, tries to eat her shoulder when they’re making out! Listen, I don’t care if Malcolm Maximus looked nothing like a zombie. Yes, he was as gorgeous as always, but the concept is still gross and creepy.”
“This is completely different and you know it! There was no gore or violence whatsoever!”
“Yeah, but it’s a girl and a zombie…”
“Which if you ask me, didn’t look so bad.”
Silence filled the theater and I realized that her face was not giving off its usual amused glow.
“You’re serious,” I said.
“Dead serious.”
“Okay, that’s not funny…I think I’m going to be sick.”
“What do you want to me say, Alexandra? I love these types of movies, but I still think it’s improper to engage in viewing gory flicks like that stupid torture one that’s making all the headlines these days.”
“Oh, you mean Screwdriver VIII.”
“Yes. Absolutely disgusting.”
“It’s classic horror. A carpenter teams up with a mechanic on this one. Double the screwdrivers. Double the terror. Double the fun.” I really wasn’t that fond of horror movies, but I was willing to say anything to get under Margaret’s skin. 
“Are you like doing a commercial for them or something? You sound way too excited.”
“Um,” a voice interrupted our conversation from below. We looked down to see a pimply faced, red-haired attendant brushing some nachos under a chair in row six. “The movie’s over. I gotta clean up the aisles before the next showing starts.”
“Sorry about that!” I called down as we awkwardly retrieved our purses and jackets in one swoop. 
“How was it by the way?” he asked me as I began to pass him. I stuck to my honesty.
“It made me want to become a zombie,” I said, and he raised an eyebrow in surprise.
“You really liked it that much, huh?”
“No, I mean it made me want to die, come back reanimated and feed on the flesh of the Zom-hards that fall in love with this garbage.” He laughed out loud and nearly dropped his broom. I heard Margaret snicker behind me, and I suddenly gained my composure. I knew what she was thinking—that I was flirting with the attendant. And if I dared to show my face in school the next day without the entire student population thinking I had a new love interest, it was best that I cut the conversation short. 
“Uh, I have to go,” I said to him before he could say anything else. The attendant must have realized what was going on because he just shrugged his shoulders and turned back to his cleaning. I sighed wearily and followed Margaret out the door. She started loading her mouth with a clip full of questions. 
“So…he was cute, wasn’t he?”
“Not really,” I muttered, trying to attempt damage control. “His face was so greasy I could see myself in his forehead.”
“Isn’t that your type?”
“What do you mean?” I asked, trying to drown out my annoyance by taking loud footsteps on the parking lot asphalt.
“Well, you went out with that Elliot kid, and that was after he changed over the summer, I might add.”
“Well,” I muttered, unsure of what to say. I kept my head down in shame as we walked, but then I miraculously remembered that we drove separately. I didn’t actually have to suffer through the whole conversation today. Maybe if I got to my car in time, I could change the subject. Make a comment about how rusty and old it was before Margaret had any follow up questions. But of course, it was Three Dollar Tuesday at the movies, which meant every high schooler with a half-beaten go-kart was in attendance, and my car suddenly blended in like a toenail in a bag of rice…don’t ask. 
“He was so dreamy before,” she continued on. “I mean, I almost broke my own dating rule and asked him out, but you know, a lady has to have standards. After his…um, change…he didn’t appeal to me as much.”
“You wouldn’t have liked him,” I muttered before I realized what I was saying. I was such an idiot sometimes. Why didn’t I just keep my mouth shut?
“Oh? And why is that? Did you two…”
“Ew. No,” I shuddered, “and I’m surprised a woman of your class would ask such a thing.”
“Some things transcend class.”
“Apparently,” I said, fumbling with my car keys. Why couldn’t it have one of those convenient beepers that let you know where your car was located? I would be spamming it like an elevator button.
“So tell me about you two. I know you went out for at least a month last summer. What was it about him that attracted you?”
“To be honest? He was a little obsessive. Kept hounding me for a date.”
“Oh? Do tell!” Margaret said excitedly as she grabbed my arm and made me face her. I guess the search for the missing rust bucket was at a halt for now.
“All he wanted to do was touch me…or grab me,” I said, smiling like a maniac. “And he liked the taste of my flesh.”
“Okay, that’s enough,” Margaret backed away, wrinkling her face. “Why do you have to put it like that?”
“It’s true though, and it started getting crazier too. He would chase me around the neighborhood, roaring away as he picked at his face, peeling off dead skin like he had just gotten the worst sunburn imaginable, yelling how he wanted to lick my sweat…”
“Stop! Just stop!” Margaret shrieked, stamping her feet to the pavement. “That’s just disgusting! And you know how I can’t stand it when you’re being gross! Just…just see me at lunch tomorrow!”
And with that, my best human friend ran away like I had been infected with a plague. I didn’t get why she was so upset. I thought she liked zombies. 
Oh well, people just liked dreaming. They never thought about how unromantic it was in reality. Deep down, they didn’t really want to be a part of that paranormal world… 
And I would know. 
After all, I was living in it. 
My cell phone rang and I picked it up absent-mindedly as I finally recognized my car, shining like a beacon of poverty. Never could tell what the original paint color was. The seats had springs sticking out of it, and the windows were wide open due to an electrical problem, but I didn’t care. No one would steal it. And it didn’t rain. So that meant today was a good day. It was never sexy driving in a wet interior that clung to your body and gave you a lingering wet dog smell. Actually, speaking of things that smelled…
“Hello?” I answered my phone as I got ready to leave, jimmying the keys into the crooked key hole.
“Where are you?” the voice on the other end said.
“I’m at the movie theater,” I sighed, regretting my words as soon as I said it.  
“And you didn’t invite me?” I could smell the snobbery from where I stood, even through the cell phone.
“I’m sorry, but we didn’t have extra cash for snacks, and we both know how hungry you can get. I’m sorry if I want Margaret to live through graduation.”
“You act like I’m an animal.”
“You are an animal.”
“If I’m such a monster, then why did you go out with me?”
I didn’t exactly have an answer for that, so I just waited for him to speak again. It irritated him to no end, but it was better than lying.
“Have it your way, Alexandra,” he said. “But could you at least do me a favor? I’m kind of stuck in the back of the old gas station on Parker Street. I’m lying in the grass.”
“What are you doing over there? No one uses that station. The prices are ridiculous, and you can get mugged occasionally.”
“Yes. I know,” he stressed. “But I can’t exactly have people watching me if I have an accident, so I have to go there—where it’s a little more private. Which also happened to work in my favor today because I did have an accident, and I was forced to crawl ten yards on my stomach.”
“Okay. Geez. You sound like my grandfather, telling me how he used to walk ten miles in the snow to school. I know you’re exaggerating.”
“Considering the circumstances, I’d rather be him at this point. His leg probably doesn’t fall off whenever he takes a spill.”
“No, just his hip.”
“Ha. Ha, Alexandra. Can you get me?”
“Sure, just don’t get eaten by vultures in the meantime.”
“That’s not funny. I was actually jumped by a gang of them yesterday.”
I giggled at the thought and quickly disconnected the call so he wouldn’t have a chance to scold me. He was getting crankier by the day and the only way I could deal with it was by humor. It wasn’t funny to him, but how else was I going to cope? Especially since I feared the worst…that someday he would be completely dead, and it was all my fault.
It was a good thing he had his accident at a gas station because my car stopped just as I rolled up to a pump. And I had filled it up right before going to the theater too. There must have been a leak.  
Right away I saw Elliot’s car. A brand new, silver, Lincoln navigator. It was pristine and perfect, begging to be awed. He was such a show-off, especially since he came into his money. When he had been hot and popular, the girls would follow him around. At least until they learned that he was as poor as dirt, and he barely had an ounce of ambition in his bones. Not too many liked the idea of being the future breadwinner of the house, so they all eventually moved on. He didn’t care. He was all about quantity over quality. He was a real jerk back when he was hot. 
But then the “incident” happened. And he became ugly. And even stranger, a week later he came into a large amount of money. He wasted no time in showering his previous admirers with gifts and tokens of romance, but he was so disgustingly hideous by then, the girls treated him like a sex offender. It was a pretty big mystery in the high school. How this poor but beautiful face could turn into a wealthy but revolting monster. 
Of course, I knew the answer.
I was the answer.
And I felt so bad for what I did that I even went out with him for a while.
But in the end, he was more disgusted with my physical features than I was of his attitude, and it didn’t take long before we broke up, but of course, since I was the cause of his predicament, we kept in touch, forming some kind of awkward friendship that I’ll never fully understand. Maybe Margaret was right. There really was something wrong with me.
“ELLIOT!” I yelled out, and then I heard a loud, ghastly moan coming from the small field to my left. I left my car unlocked and ran over to the source. Sure enough, he was lying in the grass on his back, staring up at the sky. The bottom halves of his legs…were completely missing.
“Well, at least it was a clean cut,” I said as I inspected his “injuries.” Elliot refused to look at me as I lay down in the grass beside him. There were quite a few pebbles, cigarettes and twigs underneath so I couldn’t really get comfortable, but I fought through the discomfort. I’m sure Elliot was having a far worse day than I was.
“What happened?” I asked, turning to face his right cheek. My brain reminded me of how putrid he smelled on a regular basis, but surprisingly, nothing came my way. I wondered if I had finally gotten used to it after all these months.
“Parts of my body go numb sometimes,” he muttered, his eyes fixed on the clouds. “I lost feeling in my legs after I was done getting gas, and I thought my whole body was inside the car. So I closed the door…and you can figure out what happened next.”
“Why didn’t you just stay in the car? Instead of crawling all the way over here?”
“And destroy the leather interior?” he exclaimed, facing me for the first time. Sure, he had patches of skin peeling off him. His lips were a bruised blue. His teeth were cracked and missing, and his hair looked like it had a bout with chemotherapy…but he was still handsome in his own way. And he had so much money now that he updated his body constantly with make-up. Dentures, hair replacements, skin colored lipstick and clear tape...when he was done, he almost looked like he did before the transformation. 
But that was when he put in the effort. Some days he got depressed and settled for his current situation. Then he really looked like a zombie. I guess today was one of those days.
“Isn’t your body more important than your stupid car?” I asked as he sighed heavily.
“Well, my looks aren’t getting me anywhere.”
“You’re still handsome to me.”
“And that makes you a freak.”
“Says who? Why do you have to live by someone else’s standards in order to be attractive?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Because the world says so.”
“You’re being a jerk again.”
“It’s who I am.”
“Then why did you call for help?” I snapped back at him. “Jerks don’t tend to need assistance. They think they can handle everything themselves.”
“Well, us princes do need servants to cater to us and respond to our beck and call,” he grinned slyly. I wanted to slap him, but it would do more damage than I intended to his face.
“I would say you’re more like a princess. Cinderella to be exact,” I said as I began mocking him in a butler’s voice. “Doth this leg belong to a lady of the house?”
“Why don’t you walk a mile in my shoes for once?”
“I can’t. You’re not wearing any.”
“Are you done?” he snapped, and I let my chuckle fall down to the level of a whisper. I sat up and took a glance around the parking lot.
“So where are your legs? I didn’t see them by your car.”
“Someone took them,” he muttered.
“Someone took your legs? Who would do something like that?”
“Henry.”
That was the last name I wanted to hear. Anyone but Henry.
“Did you see him take them?”
“Of course I did. He made sure to tell me while he was doing it. Swooped in like he had been stalking me for days, grabbed them and laughed in my face. Said he wanted to talk to you.”
“AND THAT’S WHY I’M HERE?” I yelled, jumping to my feet. Elliot patted my ankles to calm me down.
“Whoa, there. Settle. I didn’t set you up. I could never do that to you.”
“Sorry…it’s just…Henry’s tried to eat me twice already. If it wasn’t for you stepping in the way…he…”
I stopped to rub my eyes as Elliot looked at me endearingly. 
“And I would do it again, Alexandra. No matter how much I may…offend you. You do have a special place in my heart.”
I sniffed and rubbed my nose.
“But your heart’s dead.” A smile crept upon my face. Elliot growled and nipped at my feet. I yelped and jumped to the side, laughing heartily at his reaction. 
“Almost got you,” he muttered as I tried to stop hyperventilating.
“Well, it’s hard to be scared around you when I know your diet.”
“Yeah. I could never eat common folk,” he said matter-of-factly.
“A dignified zombie,” I mused. “That’s definitely a new one.”
 “And hopefully the only. We must take care of this Henry once and for all.”
“I’m not going to kill him.”
“No one said anything about killing. Besides, he’s already dead. No, I’m saying that we dismember him. Ensure that he can’t put himself back together again. Humpty Dumpty style.”
“Were you trying to make a joke?”
“No, I was trying to make a reference that you commoners would understand.”
“Ancient nursery rhymes aren’t in this year, so the line is a little outdated.”
“And so is this conversation. Alexandra, I want to walk again. So listen carefully and we can get this over with. Henry said that the only way you’ll be able to procure my legs is if you agree to a dinner date with him tonight at Angelo’s. You know, the rat infested, self-proclaimed Italian restaurant over by the Day Owl bowling alley.”
“I know the place. What time?”
“Seven.”
“That’s less than an hour from now…but, Elliot. You know I can’t go.”
“If you don’t, I’ll be a cripple for all of eternity. Imagine how that will affect my chances with women. Not just a zombie, but a crippled one at that!”
“You’re so politically correct,” I said, scratching my hair. “I don’t see how this can end well. He hates us.”
“Correction. He hates me for what I did to him. He loves you, despite your involvement. You are in no harm’s way. And to be frank, I don’t think he attacked you to get back at you. I think it was just a misunderstanding. You know how his appetite far exceeds my own. Probably has to do with all those all-you-can-eat places he frequented before he became one of the undead. He has no control.”
“So it’s just a date? That’s all he wants?”
“That’s all. He is to hand over the legs at the end, to which you will promptly come here and reattach them.”
“Okay, first of all…no. I’m not reattaching anything. That’s gross. And second of all, you’re not coming for back-up? What if he gets bitey?”
“Number one, saying the word ‘bitey’ just made you lose ten sexy points, and number two, I would be of no help. What am I going to do? Politely beg him to not eat you as I wither on the ground like a worm after a hurricane? No, thank you.”
“What are sexy points?”
“You’re straying again!” Elliot shouted. “Alexandra, I understand you’re scared. I would be too. His choice of dress is horrendous. But you are a very resourceful girl, and quite smart when you need to be. Even if things get out of hand, I’m sure you’ll be able to escape. Now, this is your choice, but I swear to you—on my Lincoln, and all its technological accessories…if you do not do this, I will no longer be your friend.”
I considered his words carefully.
“But we’re not even friends now,” I stated. He gasped in horror as I reached down and patted him on the forehead. 
“Just kidding, El. Don’t worry. I’ll get your legs. But you owe me.”
“Considering I’m a zombie because of you, I don’t owe you a thing. Let’s call this one step closer to settling your debt.”
“Hmph,” I replied, staring at his face. His eyes said it all. He meant every word. 
“Fine,” I muttered. “Watch out for insects in the meantime, especially ants. Winter’s just around the corner and they’ll be searching for food to store.”
“Good luck, Alexandra,” he said, ignoring my warning.
I don’t know what I used to see in that guy.



TRACK 2 – Bitey (featuring Henry)
“Name of the party?”
“Henry,” I said, standing before the head waiter. Even though the restaurant sported horrible wallpaper that looked like it came out of a Charlotte Bronte novel, and food that looked no different than the trash it was thrown with at the end of the night, they sure tried to act like it was a ritzy place. The waiter before me was standing behind a fake diamond podium, and he was dressed in a fancy tux with too many spaghetti stains on it.
“Henry what?” he asked, as I realized I was staring at a stain on his shoulder for far too long.
“I don’t know. Just Henry,” I muttered, blinking and coming to.
“Well, surely Henry has a last name.”
“Henry Henrison.”
“Really?” he asked in disbelief.
“Yep,” I said firmly, staring directly into his eyes. He looked down on the list and smirked painfully.
“Ah, yes. There is a Henry here. Though his name is not Henrison.”
“Yeah, I just said that so you’d actually look at the list.”
“HEY! ALEX!” a voice called out to me. I looked across the stained, wooden barrier, separating the lobby from the dining area to see a scaly hand waving me over. I pointed to the hand so that the waiter could acknowledge that I saw Henry and I started walking toward him. I glanced at the list as I passed and noticed that Henry was the only name on it. That was okay though. I would write a nice review of Angelo’s on Yelp that night.
“Hello, Henry,” I said cordially as I arrived at his booth. The lights were dimmed to set the mood for dinner and there was some sweet violin music playing from the speakers. But I didn’t feel an ounce of romance in the air. Especially once I saw his face.
He was sitting with a toothy smile, his skin cracking like it was made of weak ice. His limbs were intact, and his hair was all there, but the unique odor coming from his rotting body made me gag and the smell had already attracted a number of flies. 
After he waved hi, he went back to his meal: a bowl of ravioli drenched in what I hoped was tomato sauce. Still, I felt the rumble in my stomach. 
He had ordered without me…how rude.
“Aren’t you going to sit down?” he asked through mouthfuls. I slid into the booth quickly as a waitress ran over to us. She was probably thankful that she would actually get some tips on such a dead Tuesday night. Ha, ha…dead.
“Excuse me,” I said with a hiccup, recovering internally from my own corny joke. “How many people are on staff tonight?”
“Um,” she paused at my unusual question. “I believe there are twelve of us, counting the chefs.”
“Could you confirm that number for me? And include management as well. When you get back, I’ll be ready to order.”
“O-okay,” she said, unsure of what to think of me. She walked away slowly, tapping her pencil nervously on her notepad. I didn’t blame her. People have been mugged at Angelo’s on numerous occasions, and my questions sure didn’t sound innocent. But surely I looked more innocent than my date.
“What are you doing, Alex?” Henry asked, wiping his red-stained lips with a napkin. “Making sure I haven’t killed anyone?”
“I just want to make sure my order doesn’t get crossed off the menu because you murdered the executive chef.”
“I’m not some kind of animal,” he said casually. I couldn’t help but think back to Elliot saying the same thing over the phone.
“I’m actually surprised you’re out in public. Aren’t you afraid the police will be looking for you?”
“I leave no evidence behind,” he said simply, glaring at me. His brown eyes were cold and listless, as if his soul was gone, and it was just a robot talking to me now. Very unlike the vibrant, energetic irises that used to greet me every morning on the bus to school.
“Henry…why can’t you leave me alone? This is the third time you’ve tried getting a date with me.”
“Straight to business, huh?” he said, leaning back. I could tell by the pained expression in his face that he was still angry with me over what happened. And we had been such good friends too…
“It’s just…Elliot’s vulnerable without his legs.”
“Oh, I’m sure he is. And maybe that’s for the best. He could use some humility.”
“Henry, what happened to you? Why are you so cold?”
“I’m dead, remember,” he said flatly. “Comes with the territory.”
“I’m sorry, Henry. I really am.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that already. Doesn’t make me not dead. Honestly, I’m surprised that doofus still hangs out with you.”
“He’s just as mad…I think the only reason he likes my company is because he’s lonely. It’s strange. He wouldn’t even notice me before the incident, and now he needs me by his side constantly.”
“And yet it’s the opposite for me,” Henry said. “We used to be inseparable, Alex. You couldn’t keep us apart. And you know…then the incident happened. Yeah, I was sore, but at least I understood why you did it. That wasn’t what turned me away. It was when you ran into the arms of that idiot and showed him all the attention that I wanted from you all these years. That’s what hurt. You fell for him in seconds.”
“I didn’t fall for him,” I said, keeping my eyes off him. “I was just so messed up over what I did to you…and Elliot was the only one there. It’s not what you think. I don’t have feelings for him.” Thankfully I had let my blonde hair down so it was covering my face. Otherwise, he would have seen my lips trembling, my cheeks flushing, my nose twitching—my whole body trying to keep myself from crying.
“Well, we’re here now. That’s all that counts.”
“So is this all you wanted for Elliot’s legs? A date with me?”
“I just wanted some alone time. You’ve constantly been avoiding me.”
“You tried to eat me.”
“It wasn’t on purpose. I was just pissed over what you turned me into. I tend to get hungrier when I’m mad.”
“But it happened twice.”
“And it wouldn’t have happened at all if it wasn’t for you,” he said. 
“But you said you understood.”
“Alex…what do your people call themselves again?”
“Sirens,” I said, feeling strange uttering the word. Even before I knew what I was, I had learned about Sirens long ago in mythology…but in real life, what I do isn’t as sweet. If making sailors crash against the rocks was all I did, then maybe I’d be able to sleep at night.
“Well do you Sirens have a cure for my condition?”
“Um…” I didn’t have the heart to tell him.  I myself lost a lot of sleep over the answer, and Henry had already been through so much. I felt like the riff was already so wide, there was no way I could repair it. How could telling him the truth make it any better?
“Do you have a cure?” he repeated. “I mean, it would make sense, wouldn’t it? That you have one.”
“Well…yes…but, I’m not sure how to say this.”
“What do you mean? You lost it?”
“No, it’s not that. I—”
“Don’t tell me you’re saving it for Elliot.”
“No, that’s not it at all. I—I don’t know how to put this.”
“Listen, Alex,” he said, leaning in closer. “Do you know why Elliot went out with you after he turned into a zombie?”
“No…”
“Well, I don’t know what you ‘Sirens’ put in your spells, but it causes you to be seen in a new light. It’s hard to explain. Before the incident, you were attractive, but afterwards? Geez, I could barely keep my eyes off of you. It’s like you put an extra spell over us and my eyes are trying to tell me you’re something you’re not. I couldn’t break the hold you had placed over me, so I had to run away. I had to get away from you just to keep my sanity, and yet...I keep coming back.”
“So I’m not pretty now?” I asked, pinching my own leg afterwards. Now was not the time to get vain.
“I’m just saying that when I was cast under your spell…it was like my synapses or whatever finally connected. That spell you cast did more than just transform me and Elliot.”
“So you’re saying that the only reason Elliot went out with me is because of it?”
“Exactly, and that’s why I should get the cure you’re hiding from us. Not that idiot. I loved you before the spell’s effects. Elliot’s long since dumped you. For some reason, you still hang around him, and I have no clue why. What are you waiting for?”
“He doesn’t try to eat me,” I said flatly. It was all I could say. How could I get Henry to realize that the day he made that attempt, starving or not, he had betrayed my trust? Somehow Elliot was able to stay in control of his urges and that automatically made him safer to be around. Okay, maybe that sounded selfish considering I took his life away from him, but it’s not like I wanted to do it. 
“Are you ever going to let that go?” Henry snapped.
“I know you’re upset,” I said. “But I have to think about my safety. I’m sorry for what I did to you, but it was to survive. If there was another way around it, I would do it, but I can’t.”
“So what am I supposed to do? Just be like, ‘hey, I understand,’ and then just live my life consuming others? Just roll over and pretend nothing’s wrong? I’m trying to eat this stuff,” he said, thrusting his hand toward his pasta, “but it’s like a snack. Real food doesn’t fill me up anymore.”
“I know it’s not that simple, Henry.”
“Um,” the waitress said, finally returning. From the smell on her uniform, I could tell she had taken a cigarette break. “Are you ready to order?”
“I’ll take the kid’s spaghetti and meatballs,” I said, handing her the stained, laminated menu. 
“It’s only for children eight and under.”
“The only reason I’m ordering it is because I’m trying to be nice. I actually don’t want to eat anything here. I’m a little afraid of catching some ancient disease like the black plague.”
“Okay,” she said, half-ignoring me. “Oh! And the count is fifteen. Fifteen on staff.”
“Thank you.”
“And you, sir?” she said, turning to Henry. “You said you wanted to order more once your friend arrived.”
“Yes,” he said, spinning the menu over and surveying the items. I figured it was now or never. If I told him the truth when we were alone, there was a chance I could be in danger. If someone was around us, he might hold back.
“Henry?” I replied as he looked up at me suddenly from the menu.
“Yes?”
“I have the cure…but it’s in my blood.”
His eyes ignited with energy…but it was a different kind of fire than I was used to seeing in the boy I knew since childhood. And I was so terrified, I couldn’t move.
I didn’t expect him to lunge up at the waitress, or grab her, or slam her head on the table, or start clutching the back of her head. He opened his mouth wide toward her and I screamed—my body beginning to run away on its own—but Henry caught my wrist, and pulled me back to him with alarming strength. I turned to hit him, but he dodged the laughable attempt and kicked at my knees, causing me to fall down to the dirty floor. Leaving the unconscious waitress slumped over the table, he stood behind me, towering over me like a predator as I heard him smack his lips.
“I’m sorry for the violence,” he said, almost sounding sincere. “But it was either her or you.”
“Henry, you need help.”
“Please stop talking,” he pleaded, placing a rotting hand on the top of my head.
“What are you planning on doing to me?”
“Nothing I want to, Alex. So…it’s in your blood?”
“I’ve tried extracting it through a syringe,” I said, my voice beginning to waver as I thought of the odds of me breaking through his powerful grip. “But even that doesn’t work. And I’m just going off of what my mother told me before she left. She could have been lying about the cure. I—”
“—maybe we just need more than a syringe’s worth.” He interrupted me. “If we draw your blood over time…”
“Henry…” I said, looking around frantically for help. “It won’t work. My blood is different…once it’s out of my body, it immediately starts coagulating. It dries up. I—”
“—you smell so good,” he whispered to me, picking up his knife and cup from the table with one hand. “Maybe I’ll just take a little at a time. I’ll stop once the cure kicks in.”
“And what if I die?”
He stopped as he considered my words. 
“I don’t want you to die, Alex, but you have no idea what it’s like. I can’t live like this.”





An Excerpt From
The Deadly Ones
(A standalone novel)

CHAPTER 1: GROWING PAINS
No one is born evil. It is a slow cook, a dish bred of a chef’s lack of attention. It takes time to become the man people are disgusted with, the monster they pray they will never become. I wish you could just turn off who you are like a machine – press a button and immediately you’re not tempted by all the forbidden things people don’t like to admit they enjoy, like money and power. But life isn’t that simple.
I tried simple once. After all, it was my security blanket for the first thirteen years of my life. But at each rite of passage, every step toward adulthood, the blanket began to tear and degrade. Back then I still believed in the world like Santa Claus – jolly, fat, full of opportunities… I never really saw any danger, my head always found buried in my books and not in the game. If I had been more vigilant, maybe my life would have taken a more appropriate turn. I could’ve become a fireman, or an astronaut – any number of jobs that kids dream about when they’re young. 
But I wasn’t attentive, and I didn’t see him coming at all – a disturbed and malevolent classmate of mine who decided to force his way into my humanity and refashion me to his liking. I tried to hold on, preserve my innocence as long as I could, but no one can keep a grip on what they love forever, and eventually I had to let go, and wake up to reality.
“Vincent, wake up!” she shrieked, slamming the palms of her hands onto my desk, her massive wedding ring creating an unnecessary knocking sound that made me wince.
“I told you the answer was fifty-seven,” I said coolly, turning my gaze back toward the windows. Of course I had not said anything prior, but with the right answer plowing through her ears, any comeback she had was now void and forgotten.
“That doesn’t mean you weren’t daydreaming just now,” she accused me correctly. I wanted to do many things to her right then, all of them unacceptable by my school’s code of conduct, but I maintained my composure and once again donned the cloak of the ignorant child.
“You’re right, Mrs. Larson,” I replied believably. “I should have been paying attention. The only reason I knew the answer was because I went ahead in the workbook. It’s no excuse really. I’ll start listening.”
She rose from my personal bubble with a smug look on her face as I returned her authority and power willfully. I could see the forgiveness on her lips before she even spoke.
“It’s okay to daydream, but there is a time and place for everything. You’re in school to get an education, which won’t magically appear when you decide to grow up and pay attention. Look outside.”
I obeyed, for the sunshine dancing and glittering amongst the leaves was so much more inviting than my academic prison.
“The time you put in now will pay off later. Just because you want to make a million dollars and be like those famous rappers all you kids are into these days, doesn’t mean you will. It takes hard work that many of you are not accustomed to.”
By now, my classmates were staring at me intensely as if I were a lab specimen while Mrs. Larson was yammering on and on about the economy and self-entitlement. Jason, two seats diagonally to my right was shaking his head in amusement, a silly smirk developing with the full intention of making me laugh. I bared my teeth at him inconspicuously, letting him know I wanted him to stop and he shrugged his shoulders in response. I didn’t want to chuckle and get into further trouble.
“Don’t worry. She’s gone,” he mouthed silently, making the universal sign of insanity toward his right temple. 
Gone she was, for now she was throwing her hands into the air, walking back to the front of the classroom where she had now transitioned from teacher to preacher, bringing down the fire and brimstone while we were berated for simply being children. I allowed myself to look around the room, ignoring the forty desks that crowded most of the space or the dirty blackboard that had been stained to the point we could barely read anything from it. The unswept floor, the lonely walls, the donated outdated technology – these were all too familiar and common for their existence to hold any weight in my thoughts, so I turned to my classmates. One caught my attention in particular, sitting a seat diagonally to my left.
He was a joke to the whole “made in the image of God theory,” having a visage that resembled a pit bull’s and repulsively dirty blonde hair - rustled and untamed, aimlessly reaching to the sky in all directions. His skin brutishly complemented his colossal frame which was aged beyond its years. His eyes were listless and dark, and his very presence was foreboding.
Why he was staring at me at that moment, I could not know, but I was determined to find out.
“What?” I snapped at him, giving it my best tough guy voice. He didn’t move. I wish I had known his name, but I was generally oblivious to the quiet ones so I never made an effort to learn about them. Apparently he knew mine though.
“Vincent,” he stated emotionlessly as he continued his passive assault.
“What do you want? Why are you staring at me like that?”
He began to stare at my shoes and then slowly looked me up and down, almost seductively, sending a chill up my back. He licked his lips absent-mindedly and went back to gazing into my eyes. At this point, my entire being was quaking and I couldn’t keep up my tough guy mask much longer. Jason had noticed the unwanted exchange between us by now and threw down his desk to get Mrs. Larson’s attention. The crash startled everyone including me, and when I looked up to see if the predator was still staring at me, he had already turned around in his desk and was facing ahead. Jason gave me a worried look while the kids laughed at how scared Mrs. Larson had been. 
I paid no attention to them as I assessed the situation. What was that kid’s problem? I didn’t think I’d ever said a word to him in my life so why was he making it a point to single me out? Maybe Jason knew who he was. I’d ask him at lunch privately. 
The bell for lunch rang suddenly as Mrs. Larson glared at the clock. Looks like today’s lesson would have to wait for tomorrow. I grabbed my backpack before I realized it and rushed to Jason. I refused to look back at the kid who had stared me down earlier, but I could feel his eyes on me.
“Let’s get out of here,” Jason said, looking behind my shoulder. He didn’t have to say anything for me to know what was wrong.
Navigating the halls of our cramped little high school was like going white water rafting. Sure it was fun at times, especially when you got to see your friends between each period, but mostly it was tiring work that required quick reflexes and inhuman strength...if you wanted to keep your head anyways. Fortunately for me, Jason was a professional that pushed the “rocks” out of our path with relative ease. I shadowed him precisely, trying not to give him a flat tire until we finally made it outside where the kids who were done with their lunch (or never got it to begin with) hung out, laughing and discussing the usual topics of conversation like which singer had the better album or whether the Steelers could win this year with the starting quarterback being injured. Jason instinctively went to our usual spot, a picnic bench close to the cafeteria doors. Many people preferred privacy and congregated in the back so our chosen bench was always available. Jason collapsed on the bench and sighed into his hands, rubbing his forehead vigorously. 
“What did you do to piss him off?” he groaned to me as I threw my hands in the air.
“Are you serious? I didn’t do anything! One minute me and Mrs. Larson are talking and the next, he’s staring at me like a creep. Who is that guy anyway?”
“You don’t know who that is? Where have you been in the last year?”
“Why? Should I be worried?”
“His name is Donald Harrison-“
“-well now I understand why he’s mad, but I still didn’t name him.”
“Can I finish? This Donald guy, I don’t know why you’re on his radar all of a sudden, but you need to get off. He’s a real upstanding guy. Already he’s put two kids in the hospital because all he wants is some attention from his negligent father. You remember Brian? Tall, lanky kid who’s always wearing those corduroys? Donald put him in the hospital a couple weeks ago because he bumped into him in the hallway. That’s who we’re dealing with here.”
“See, Jason. This is what I’m talking about,” I sighed, exasperated. “That’s the whole point of our company. Our company will put an end to people like him.”
“What company?” he asked, genuinely confused.
“Don’t tell me you forgot already.”
“Oh, you mean Eclosion? C’mon, admit it. It’s a stupid name for a company.”
“That’s our company you’re insulting right now, and maybe Donald is coming after me because he knows what our company would do. People like him wouldn’t be able to hurt anyone again.”
“What does Eclosion even mean?”
“Can you get off the name already? That’s not the point.”
“Tell me what it means again and I’ll move on.”
“It’s the emergence of an adult insect from its shell, like a butterfly emerging from its cocoon. I chose the name because anyone who joins us will not be a larva anymore. They will rise into their full potential and come out like a butterfly.”
Silence.
“That may have been the dorkiest, gayest thing I’ve heard in my entire life.”
“C’mon, Jason. It makes sense though, right?”
“I can’t be going around telling people what you just said. Seriously I can’t. Why did I agree to this again?”
“Because you see it all around you. The injustice of it all. Think about all those kids that are beaten up and taken advantage of, while the bad ones get a free pass in life. We’re just trying to even the scales. Make things the way they’re supposed to be.”
“How does this all work? Remind me,” he groaned, rubbing his forehead and closing his eyes.
“We pretend to be a profitable business, like selling T-shirts or lemonade-“
“-lemonade?”
“-yes, okay, selling something, but it’s all a front. Secretly, everyone that’s a part of our ‘company’ will really be together to stop the injustice going on in our school, and later when we get bigger, we’ll change society.”
“Soooooooooo, we’re trying to be like crime fighters, superheroes?”
Jason looked around him to see if anyone was listening. Thankfully, the student body was too busy throwing burnt pizza and soggy nachos at one another.
“No, not exact…okay kinda. It’s all inside job stuff. We earn a reputation as being an upstanding successful business, but it’s just a way to get people to meet and revolutionize. We can use our individual talents to change things. In our meetings, we will discuss how.”
“Why all the faking? It sounds like a lot of work. Why don’t we just meet out in the open and people know we’re protesting and stuff?”
“Because people in power hate change, especially when they want to stay on top. The principal would disband us, or people would be too scared to join us openly. We have to be secretive. This Donald character probably found out from some of the recruits that our first plan is to get all the ‘bullies’ expelled from school.”
“Honestly, I think you’re being a little paranoid, but I see your point. Like, we can’t just get the school together and say we are all demanding he gets expelled. That would never work openly.”
“Not to mention Donald would go on a rampage while we’re doing it. Besides, I like people being happy, at peace. I don’t mind us doing the dirty work behind the scenes. Eclosion will work. We just need a few more people before we carry this ‘expulsion’ plan out.”
“Okay, but can we at least think about changing the name? We have time. It’s not like we know if all this planning is going to work out yet.”
“It will. In the meantime, I’ll try to stay away from Donald as much as possible. He might just be acting weird, but if he really knows about our expulsion plan, then he’s targeting me for a reason.”
“What are you going to do if you can’t avoid him?”
“I don’t know. I’m not going to lie and say I’m not scared, but when I started this whole thing, I knew the risks. I have to keep going…who knows, maybe if he tries to touch me, I can fight back and get him expelled.”
“That won’t happen. He’ll just be suspended and so will you.”
“Maybe I can...no, that won’t work…”
“What?”
“I thought maybe I can…take him out permanently...but it’s a ridiculous thought.”
“Yeah,” Jason glared at me, “because that’s murder.”
“That’s why I said it wouldn’t work. I could never go through with it. I’m just trying to figure out what will stop him. I don’t want to just get beat up and that’s it.”
“Yeah, but we’re not even thinking about killing someone. Don’t take this Eclosion thing too far. It’s fine we’re all secretive and stuff, but we’re doing this clean. Let’s go through with our expulsion plan and be done with it. He doesn’t deserve to die because his parents can’t raise their child right. If he comes after you, you run, and that’s final.”
“You’re the one who asked. I didn’t think you’d get so angry.”
“I didn’t think my best friend was suggesting murdering someone.”
The air was a little awkward after that, and I couldn’t help wondering what Jason thought of me. Sometimes I was too logical for my own good. Of course, I couldn’t kill someone. I knew it was wrong, and it would make me worse than Donald. At least he only sent people to the emergency room, and not the morgue. But deep down, I knew that if the expulsion plan didn’t work, and he found out who was responsible for the attempt, we would all be in trouble. He didn’t seem like the type that would hit it and quit it. All of his victims so far were innocent bystanders but he would have a legitimate reason to come after us. We had to be prepared for the worst.
Jason glared at me one last time as the bell rang for us to go back to class. I was still hungry, but I could wait until after school. Jason often did the same and his mom usually made the best second lunches for him consisting of a spread of steaks, roasted potatoes and corn on the cob. Just thinking about it made my mouth water and I knew that whatever he thought of me, I had to rectify the situation before school was over. I couldn’t go to my house. Most of the time my mother was working her two jobs while my father, the lazy drunken bum that he was, would take it upon himself to eat whatever I had made for myself, telling me he needed the energy to “lead”. What a joke.
“So, based on the fact you didn’t eat your free lunch, I’d say you want to come over after school?” Jason said flatly, reading my mind.
My stomach growled in response. Jason laughed heartily and patted my shoulder. We were friends again.
“No hard feelings, man. You can come over, and we can talk more about this company of yours with the horrible name.”
I nodded as now that one problem had been resolved, I could worry about the other. I had to avoid Donald as much as possible until I figured out a desirable solution, but with class in the way, I would barely have time to think. And there was no telling if Donald would suddenly appear before the end of the day. I needed a plan, or I would have no clue of how to react if he confronted me. 
“Hey, Vincent. Wake up,” Jason said, snapping his fingers in my face. “We only got three minutes left. You know you can’t be late for math again.”
“I’m not going today,” I said authoritatively. Jason gave a “seriously?” look and then quickly looked back at the swarm of students disappearing back into the school.
“And where are you going?”
“To think, maybe read. I’ll be by the old willow tree up the hill.”
“Which reminds me. I heard Donald also hangs out with the Willow Tree Street gang. Thought you should know.”
“Is that tree up on the hill their turf?”
“No. Their gang is named after the street they live on, but I’m just saying, be careful. They’re a new gang but they have a reputation of being ruthless.”
“What kind of a gang names themselves after a street? What if one of them moves?”
“Who knows? So, you coming?”
“No.”
“So what if Donald is out here stalking you? Aren’t you safer inside?”
“No one goes by the willow tree. I’ll be safe.”
“For such a non-risk taker, you sure are playing it dangerous.”
“He can find me in the building. He has no clue where I am outside of it.”
That seemed to be good enough for Jason, who was already wondering what the teacher might say to his football coach if he was tardy. 
“Alright, Vincent. Be careful. I’ll see you at the end of the day.”
“I’ll be there,” I assured him as he ran like a cheetah through the double doors, back into the school. I made my move before any of the teachers or custodians saw me, taking the latest thriller novel by Ernest Harper and clutching it like a necklace to my chest. It was an insane psychological ride about a man who discovered he was thinking with someone else’s brain. I don’t even know how that works. I mean, how would you know when you are you? If you get the original brain back, will you have the same thoughts? Or are you suddenly a different person with no clue something changed? I was poised to find out.
Making my way to the willow tree was as simple as breathing for I had done it so many times in the past. Even in middle school, I had often skipped a meaningless subject or two to migrate over to the high school’s mascot. It was something about the way the branches shaded you from the world which appealed to me. I had never been a religious person, but this was truly my sanctuary, the only cathedral that could bring me into a state of internal worship and meditation. I was at ease here, and no one ever bothered me. Until today.
I had been careless, letting my novel absorb me to the point all my senses became numb. I didn’t hear his heavy breathing, his awkward steps, and before I realized that someone was near, I found myself staring into the face of destiny.   
He didn’t care that I was inferior in stature; he just needed someone to take his rage out on. It was all over his face and pouring from his eyes. I tried to reason with him, if only to delay whatever plan he had devised for me personally. 
“Are you here because of Eclosion?” I asked him cautiously, my voice low and meek.
“No,” he said. “I don’t know who that is.”
The fact that he said “who” and not “what” said it all. He had no clue what I was planning with Jason. So why was he here? Why was he bothering me, who gave nothing to the world but silence and indifference? I asked him so.
“I don’t like the way you look,” he said, grinning devilishly at the end of his articulate speech. Really? Was that all? I was just “his next victim” and nothing more? The cover of my paperback was beginning to get damp from perspiration, my vision blurring from the salt water. Where was Jason when I needed him now? Why did I take a chance and skip class?
If this moment had happened in my more recent years, I would’ve expediently introduced his face to the pavement and called it a day, but I was too pretty back then. Moisturizer with promised aloe was still a second layer of my skin. My clothes were yet to be more than cashmere, and I was still afraid to get dirty, afraid of my clothes shrinking in the wash, afraid of confrontation - but I was a faithful believer in the theatrical. 
Films told me schoolyard bullies lacked confidence, that they were cowards to aspiring heroes. They told me I would win because I was “good” on the inside, that as long as a shred of compassion existed, Lady Justice would flip the bill. All I had to do was stand tall and fight him head on. 
But as I stood up from the base of my school’s old willow tree, leaving my pleasure reading to the side, I couldn’t help but wonder if they were silent witnesses to the upcoming slaughter. The wind was already unforgiving and nipped at the joints in my body, but that was the price of reading in solitude, especially in a time when books were an endangered species. The hunters sought out the precious life, assimilating old friends into their doctrine – a belief that reading was unnecessary and that those who did such were of a socially dying breed.
With each grade I moved on to, young readers learned how to lose the sheep’s clothing and don the coat of the wolf, but I held onto my books like a child to his mother’s leg. I was determined to remain true to myself and not change like the rest of them did. If my outcast reputation was the reason I was being targeted, then I had to prove him, just this once – that I was not to be underestimated.
I stood my ground as the bully grunted something inaudible, as expected – sluggard to the bitter end. I tried to be tough and reminded him of where his father was, or rather – wasn’t, and he didn’t like that too much. He said how he’d been watching me for some time now. I questioned his sexual orientation, and suddenly, I was on the ground, nursing the left side of my jaw. 
His right fist, clenched in fury, calloused and worn like leather, was slow – a perfect symbol of his character, but my body refused to move. Was this what it was like to be in shock? I vaguely remember the smell of stale cafeteria hamburgers coming from the school kitchen, the taste of blood as my teeth held onto my lower lip; the surge of adrenaline igniting a flame through my veins…but I do not recall his fist connecting.
The pain was memorable though. The mini-explosion that was shocking and all too real, breaking all assumptions that I could deal with his onslaught based solely on will. The frozen grass crunched between my opening and closing fists as I writhed like a helpless worm after the rain. I longed for rescue but none came, for that specific tree I chose for reading was nothing less than a wall between me and the insignificant school I attended down the hill. My thoughts became his own as he realized how close we were to the building, and for a moment, he stopped to assess his surroundings. Seeing no consequence for his actions, he promptly capitalized on my weakness, the now familiar hurt exploding like mines all over my body as he willed them into existence with brutal, savage strength. 
I tried begging. I pleaded. I let reason and logic, my old friends, speak on my behalf. I gave him options that were better than punching me into the ground. I told him what the consequences were for beating up a fellow student. But it was to no avail, and soon even reason vanished, leaving my attacker to do his will without contest. I cried for help, with all the fervency of a newborn baby, hoping that maybe Jason would suddenly appear, coming to check on me again, but there would be no salvation. I was all alone. My body being destroyed as well as my self-esteem and my pride…until something finally answered, and it rose from within.
Hate was its name.
I had met it before, but not formally. It was the type of creature to stand outside your house and wait to be let in. No knocks, rings of the doorbell, but I knew whenever he would arrive – his presence foreboding and intimidating, confident I was peering at him through the peephole. Usually I tried my best to ignore him, but this time I was ready to embrace his help. He played no games with me. He simply demanded for me to let him take control.
I did.
I threw honor to the wind and instinctively went for the coup de grace. I had been told to never go for a low blow on a man, yet I learned it was the only option for one of such a small frame like me. The bully yelped like a wounded animal and immediately this Rottweiler lost its teeth. He almost fell to the inviting underbrush, but humiliation caught his buckling legs. It didn’t matter as my hands lunged toward his body, coursing with a new kind of poison. My fingernails became venomous fangs – my right fist striking with all the power and resolve to swallow my prey whole. Lashing out instinctively, furiously, blindly – he didn’t feel like a rock anymore. His grunts began sounding more and more like a soft whimper – until an involuntary cough escaped his chest and snapped me out of my attack. A heavy silence blanketed our metaphoric boxing ring. No one had witnessed my triumph, but I didn’t care. Finally, I could go back to my books. I had time now…



CHAPTER 2: STILLBIRTH

They told me I had beaten him to a pulp. I wasn’t sure what the phrase meant exactly, but ironically I had a craving for orange juice. I received none, but the school administration took the liberty of calling my parents. The infamous ride to the police station was both surreal and anticlimactic. The officers sat in front of the wire frame that intentionally separated good from evil, whispering about how dangerous I was, to inflict such damage to another human being – their assumptions, convicting me before I had said a word. No one had asked for my side of the story when I was found behind the weeping willow. I guess my predator had spoken quite adequately in his silence, for I was promptly snatched away from my reading and held until the police arrived. The minimum wage politician I knew as my history teacher kept a steady hand on my shoulder the entire time, staring at me with righteous indignation, his “A” student now a hoodlum – one of them.
And so, I was taken to the station, where class skippers, gang members, and borderline rapists were interrogated and sent on their merry way – given a fifth, sixth – infinite number of chances to clean up their lives while I would not be afforded the same. I was expected to understand the rules of society and follow them accordingly. Supposedly, I knew better, while my classmates were sick in the head, confused, or had had a difficult childhood; therefore, a chance to strike again was allowed. I didn’t know they changed the rules of baseball…
I wasn’t obese, but the chair kissed my thighs all the same. The curved metal back support braced against me so hard, I thought I had scoliosis. The room was as lonely and frigid as a mountaintop – the grainy gray walls enhancing the stale, thin air; the numbing cold clinging like wet jeans to my bones. The only reprieves were a one-way mirror, which may as well have been a wall, and a table to rest my arms on.
One of the officers who took me in broke protocol and started questioning me without my parents’ consent. He was a stereotypical cop – one of the overweight, righteous kinds that spoke to me like I was a drug lord. I let him get out his frustrations, for I had already resolved not to speak. I had to tread carefully. It wasn’t every day you saw a teenager engrossed in a novel next to a crimson mound of unidentifiable flesh.
“You know you almost beat that kid half to death?” he spat in my face, which was the worst interrogation tactic as of yet. I stifled a laugh, but he caught it before it dissipated. 
“You’re sick, son,” he said through grit teeth. “But don’t worry, we have a specialist coming in just for you.”
I shifted my listless eyes to the right, staring through the concrete walls. Maybe he was right. Maybe I was sick. I felt…different, and I doubted it was the puberty. Before, my composition could best be described as one of fear with a pinch of anxiety, but now, I sensed an incalculable change that scared me to no end. It was like I didn’t feel anymore, and I couldn’t know what the consequences of such a loss could be. Hate had overtaken my heart and I refused to let go. Hate was now my mentor, my mother and father – my friend. Only hate had saved me – not them. When I needed Jason most, he was in class. When I needed a teacher to pass by, they were too busy. Sure, it could easily be said that the whole predicament was my fault. If I had went inside, Donald wouldn’t have found me. But like the damsel in distress, I cared little for the reputation and past of my savior. I embraced him in my arms and cried onto his neck with gratitude. For so long I had tried to avoid conflict, minding my own business and skating through life. But it seemed fate had other plans for me, as if it wanted me to take a more active role for some unknown purpose – what that purpose was, only time would tell. But instead of expressing my thoughts, I played the humanity card.
“Is he okay?” I asked, my voice sounding natural and full of concern.
“He’s in a coma,” the officer said flatly, looking at me credulously.
“I hope he recovers,” I lied, surprising myself on how easily it slipped out.
“Of course you do,” he said between grit teeth, turning his head to a noise behind him.
The only door to the room slammed opened with authority as three adults entered. Two of them I knew all too well. 
“What have you done?” the woman cried, with chestnut-colored hair covering half of her face, her eyes frantic and worried. She was unsure of what emotion to trust – fear of the charges against me, or concern, perpetuated by motherly instinct. I noticed that, despite the urgency of the situation, she still managed to end up arriving here in her most expensive attire. Gaudy jewelry and makeup were applied with the precision of a surgeon, and it cloaked her like royalty. The older man was stoic, his favorite gray wool suit jacket comfortably draped over his shoulders, the khaki shorts he wore only on special occasions gracing us all. The police officer halted his interrogation at the appearance of my father – that husky, serious man…but it was only because he didn’t know him for the sponge he really was. My father tried desperately to be a rock, but the slightest bit of emotion invoked an outpour of monsoon quality that his wife regularly had to clean up the best she could – only for him to pretend as if nothing had happened. They disgusted and inspired me at the same time, for it was because of my parents that I worked hard enough to achieve greatness in my academics – if for no other reasons than to ensure that I would not become like them. Someday I would leave their care and never look back.
The third adult was a mystery man with a foreign air to him, his look matching the vibes he gave off. His oasis eyes and sandy skin were just as odd as his lanky, skeleton-like frame. He wore a three-piece suit and his glasses were rectangular and smooth, a perfect symmetry to his boxy and angular face. His composure suggested a strive for perfection with a hint of established superiority. Ignoring my mother’s words, he extended a bony hand that immaculately complemented his fake smile. I was scared to grab it. It might break on me.
“Vincent, it is nice to meet you,” he said. “My name is Dominic.”
“Who are you?” I inquired. “Really.”
This mystery man intrigued me, for although I wasn’t a stranger to diversity, I had never seen a human being that looked so exotic and unique. Instantly, I forgot my parents were in the same room.
“Now, Vincent,” he said condescendingly, “I already told you.”
“You know what I meant.”
The command in my voice tingled across my skin, catching me off guard and relaying a startled expression upon my face. Dominic ignored it.
“Of course I know,” he smiled. “Well, to put it lightly, I am the leading practitioner of child psychology and deviant behavior in the state. We specialize in diagnosing children with special needs. You may be a candidate if your test results deem you so.”
“So a kid gets beat up on school grounds and you get a call? That’s interesting. Where were you two weeks ago when Donald nearly killed a classmate of mine? Did you call Donald in then? Huh? What are you going to do to me now? Put me on an IEP and call it a day? WHAT-”
“-VINCENT!!!” my mother shrieked, standing up and slamming her palms onto the table. “Don’t you talk to an adult like that! You know better!”
I turned to my creator in defiance, boring a hole through the very eyes that could once subdue me. She gasped in astonishment and clung to my father’s arm. He was unaware of his wife’s plight, staring at the adjacent wall, locked in a daze. 
“No worries, Mrs. Alexander,” Dominic stated assuredly. “It is vital that he speaks his mind. Besides, I am perfectly in control.”
Oh. Is he now?
“But he knows better,” she lamented, pleading with the man to condone her outburst.
“Be that as it may, you must allow me to conduct the conversation. We spoke about this earlier in the vestibule.”
“He’s not a bad boy,” she continued, ignoring him. “I don’t understand why we’re here - he couldn’t have done what you claim. How could he have hurt that boy? All he does is read silently and keep to himself. He’s been in fights with other children in the past and this has never happened. If anything, he’s always the one to come home bruised and swollen.”
“Everyone has a breaking point, Mrs. Alexander.”
“But he has perfect grades in school. He’s a good boy. I don’t see the problem.”
“His teachers seem to have a different interpretation. They say he’s variant, always countering what they say with his opinion when he called upon – he talks out of turn, sometimes disrespectfully. He constantly corrects them.”
“The teachers are intimidated by him, that’s all. He only speaks out when they’re wrong. They should be grateful. I mean, you don’t listen to someone who has bad breath and just act like everything’s okay, do you? You tell them.”
“I will take your thoughts into consideration.”
His demeanor was beginning to irritate me. I could tell he considered himself on a plane of intelligence beyond our comprehension.
“So, what’s wrong with him?”
“That’s why I’m here, ma’am.”
“Oh, there’s something in him,” a voice cut through the room. 
The sponge had finally lost some of his emotional girth.
“Explain,” Dominic said curiously.
“I see it in his eyes.” my father spoke, nodding his head, his thick, country accent causing him to lose credibility in the educated man’s eyes.
“Go on.”
“Sure, he don’t say much. Reads all day, does his chores and the like, but it’s when you watch him – when he thinks no one’s lookin’. That’s when you see the real him. You see his thoughts run and these ideas floating around that should never come to light. I got no proof, but I know my son. I know what he is.”
The educated man was not impressed.
“Again, I am listening to every word you have to say, but at this time I think it would be most beneficial…for all of us, if I talk to Vincent alone.”
“Do what you must,” my father said with award-winning bravado - always the man’s man. He swiped my mother’s hand and led her away before she could say a word. Dominic kept up his façade until they were completely gone, locking the door the moment they shut it. He adjusted his glasses and sighed heavily, sticking his right hand in a pocket. He stood over me, letting every breath he took resonate with confidence. Subtly, he peeked at the one-way glass mirror, smiled, and parted his lips to speak.
The curtain rose.
“I assume from our exchange earlier that you abhor the thought of small talk or playing games, am I right?”
“I wouldn’t say abhor,” I said mockingly, “but you’re right. I hate playing games, probably more than you do.”
“Then let’s skip the charades and get to the grit of it.”
“Your move.”
Dominic cleared his throat.
“When you were found, you were sitting by a tree reading a book, while an injured student – a result of your actions - was dying at your feet. Hardly normal. The teacher who reported you stated that even if you had not been the culprit, it would be rather strange to say you just stumbled upon him and decided to take out a book and enjoy the ambiance while he died beneath your feet. The examiner said he could have been bleeding anywhere from five to ten minutes. So, my question is, what were you doing there?”
“The real question should be: how is Donald considered a student?”
“I thought you hated playing games, Vincent,” Dominic stated through pursed lips, temperate but firm.
“I hate when people play games with me. Playing with them is fine.”
“You’re not smart, Vincent.”
“My record would defend me.”
“Hardly. It convicts you.”
“Okay, now you’ve got my attention.”
“Vincent, I already have you figured out,” he said, smiling like he knew some deep secret, “but I had to see how you would react to my initial question – to confirm my suspicions - and I’m pleased that you did not disappoint. I’ve only met one other person like you in my life. The odds of meeting two, so similar, were beyond my expectations.”
“What are you talking about?”
“If you were like your classmate, the bully – I mean just like him…a depressing home life, horrible grades, lack of discipline, no motivation whatsoever – then I could understand what you did, as strange as that sounds. You’d be off the hook. I wouldn’t even have come here to talk to you personally. God knows I could have saved on the gas.”
“I’m sorry…did you just say that because I’m on the honor roll, I’m disciplined, and I have an adequate upbringing – my actions are worse? I’m the suspicious one? That makes no sense. Is our justice system really that off?”
“The justice system is fine. I’m here for preventive measures.”
“Oh, okay, so what’s next? I get sent to juvie? Is that what you mean by preventive measures? For beating up a criminal in self-defense and getting good grades? I hope minors get trial by jury because I’ll just let you explain yourself and I’ll walk free.”
“Listen, Vincent, you’re still a kid,” he said matter-of-factly, “so let me dumb it down for you.”
Again, that self-righteous, high-and-mighty tone adults loved to use. I had no qualm against adults displaying their knowledge and experience - it was how I learned. Through books, I experienced others’ mistakes and how to capitalize on them. I became proficient in the art of conversation by reading dialogue. By observing my mother, I learned how to glide through social gatherings and dinner parties with the grace of a swan. From my father, I noticed that it wasn’t who you were, but how you were perceived. The aptly named sponge was deemed a rock in many of high society’s circles.
The bottom line was that I could not be anyone without their contribution and expertise; however, at no time should they underestimate my ability to adapt based on numerical age. I valued one’s experiences and opinions, but age was not the basis for their worth. I would be more inclined to ask for educational advice from a recent high school valedictorian than a forty-year-old high school dropout. I’ve seen child therapists become abusive parents as their wild seed turned into early mothers and deadbeat fathers. People that acted like they knew the secrets of the universe but couldn’t make ends meet. Starving dreamers and hypocritical Christians, religious murderers and suicidal motivational speakers. Only people who actually produced the results they lectured to others were worth listening to. Regrettably for Dominic, he wasn’t following this same principle.  He was simply calculating my worth on the barbaric, uncivilized concept of age.
“Explain it to me,” I snapped back at him, ready to counter anything he had to say. 
“Vincent, the fact of the matter is that you have the behavior and profile of a criminal intellect. You see, that high school dropout, the gang members, the drug dealers, they’re of no concern to me. Sure, they’re not completely stupid. They have their own mind and great pride in their street intelligence – able to elude capture and devise countless ways to achieve their immoral goals - but they will never know how the world works. Never. They’ve been so entangled in their own world for so long they are blind to everything else. All they can see is their own personal insignificant world and they get angry when no one will conform to it. They can’t see that it’s simply impossible for an entire population to comply in such a manner. So, they lie to themselves and go through life believing they are a master of all when they are really fools that accomplish nothing of substance. They always get caught in the end. They think it’s normal to do jail time or go on welfare. Because they have a nice car and a new pair of Jordans, they are stuck in the illusion that they have accomplished something, when no one praises them but the few friends they have amassed. That type of man, that foolish, prideful and confused man, is a small matter. He will make no impact on the world unless it is of negative value, and even then, his actions will be no more unique than those of the other thugs around him, but you – you are different. You have the potential to be far more damaging to our society.”
Dominic did not stop to let me reply.
“An idiot like the one fore-mentioned would’ve reveled in victory over his fallen foe. The average man would be terrified of his deed: broken, in shock over the control he lost, or paranoid that some hand of justice will inevitably bring down the hammer. But strangely enough, you were neither, and by remaining neutral, you made a choice. Maintaining a poker face condemned you. You were calm, and too cold to the mush lying at your feet – as if he didn’t matter at all. Like he was an ant you had just crushed beneath your heel. Am I right?”
I couldn’t respond. I had to hear more. Because of the way I acted, he had somehow managed to look past my flesh and peer into my very soul. He was describing me in ways I had never known even though I had met him only minutes ago. Who was this man?
“This is a crucial time, Vincent. Bringing you in was a priority because this is when you will surely begin to justify your act from within, and, ultimately, define yourself based upon it. You will try to believe that bringing that boy to your own version of justice felt good, and given the control over your emotions, you could do it again, with your criminal intellect helping you get away with it. I’m telling you right now that it’s pointless. Not only will we be keeping a close eye on you, but you know deep down that any illegal act you perform will be wrong. If you choose a criminal lifestyle, you’ll think that you’re justified based on how people have treated you all your life. But then you would be no different than a thug, wouldn’t you, Vincent? Justification – isn’t that what they do? Isn’t that what they do, Vincent?”
“Yeah…all of them,” I said monotonously. His filibuster had taken all the fight out of me. He had done this before.
“Don’t succumb to those thoughts. There’s no benefit in it. No reward. Do you understand me?”
Silence.
“Can I ask you a question?” I asked innocently.
“Of course. Anything.”
“You’re not a psychologist, are you? You said that for my parents’ sake.”
“I’m not a psychologist,” he confirmed. “I’m a criminal intelligence analyst. I specialize in handling people of your profile.”
“And do you have a criminal intellect?”
“I do, Vincent, and that is why I can read the signs. Why I figured you out from the start.”
“So you use your criminal intellect to catch other potential criminals?”
“That’s right.”
“Okay,” I nodded in defeat, “that’s all I want to know.”
“So have I made myself crystal clear?”
“Crystal.”
“So I won’t see you again face to face?”
“No, sir.”
“No more trouble?”
“No,” I replied flatly.
“Good. Then you’re free to go. I’ll be surveilling you from a distance. Remember, you’re better than them. Don’t become one of them.”
I nodded to his satisfaction and like a wounded animal, practically limped out of the door to my expectant parents. Dominic watched me the entire time, taking in my body language, the little ticks I was unaware of, the way I approached my guardians. My mother hugged me and my father reluctantly rubbed my shoulders, but I wasn’t aware of their condolences. All I could think of was the criminal intelligence analyst standing in the doorway, solving the Rubik’s Cube that was me. I couldn’t help but wonder if I passed the test, if my body language betrayed my thoughts to him unawares. The question lingered in my mind even as my parents led me out the door with heavy hearts: Did Dominic believe me? I wouldn’t have, and if his intellect was half of what he claimed, he didn’t either.
He was right on all accounts. I was better than them. They moved like animals, no rhyme or reason to their actions but simple primitive instinct. I was not so lucky. My love of simplicity and ignorance could no longer comply with what now consumed my thoughts. It was no longer an appreciation for Jason’s compassion. It was no longer a drive to naively create a world void of pain and suffering. This new revelation was something I could envelop completely… 
Dominic had unintentionally showed me the path. 
My criminal intellect, or C.I.
The phrase sounded like an ice cube sliding down my tongue during a blazing hot summer barbecue. The appeal sent chills down my spine as I took hold of destiny. Dominic, in all his grandeur, had made one terrible mistake. At the time of our meeting, I had hated being treated poorly because of my age, but that did not mean I was at full maturity. You see, he had made the mistake of labeling me, and the label he gave me was too big to simply ignore.
I was not a stranger to labeling. Whether it’s a passing insult from a classmate or a teacher making sure you knew you were retarded, labels were a daily occurrence. However, it is up to the individual how much weight each label carries, and none had stuck to me so far. 
But now I had willingly received and accepted my label. A goal and a principle to abide by, for Dominic, this man who had rendered me speechless through an analysis of my classmates, intrigued me. He explained my peers in a clairvoyant way that I had already discovered myself, but had been unable to express articulately. The epiphany that we shared a similar thought pattern was equally thrilling, but…I would not pursue his career.
He was smart, but there was so much more he could do. Why spend his intelligence on those whose fate you’ve figured out a long time ago? No. That was a life well-wasted. Calling one a bully, no matter how articulate and grandiose you made it sound, was still calling one a bully. So my course would be quite different from his. I decided to use my criminal intellect for my own ambitions.  The possibilities were endless.  And just like Dominic had said, I could use my C.I. to make sure I got away with everything, saving my jail cell for my peers...



An Excerpt From
End of Angels
(Book #1 of the Angel Saga)

“Listen to me, young one,” he said quietly. “I know how agitating this can all be, especially since you’ve only been here a short time. But understand that God doesn’t want a daycare. He wants a university. I can teach you how to be mature, but it’s upon you to adhere to it – to grow into the angel He needs, to ensure His will comes to fruition.”
An awkward silence hung in the air as he contemplated his next words.
“Now, as I was saying – you are a Messenger. Part of your job is to deliver important messages across Heaven, but that’s not where it ends. Some angels like the Godhand are strong – they are the tanks or powerhouses of our world. Others, like the Glory, are able to call upon God at any time for His express help in a situation. Your ability is of a tactical nature. You may be of average size and strength, but the way your mind works, it can assess a problem and come to a resolution quicker than any other class of angel here.”
Raphael waited for me to respond but I was still trying to interpret his description.
“So, I’m smart?”
“It has nothing to do with intelligence or having more knowledge. It involves being able to analyze data and use it efficiently. Trust me, your mental database is no bigger than anyone else’s.”
The notion was hard to fathom, and honestly, I couldn’t imagine flying around telling people I had superior reasoning skills while a Godhand was toppling over buildings or whatever they do. What was I going to say? Hey guys! You think that’s impressive? Watch me solve this puzzle in less than sixty seconds! I highly doubted I would be picked first to go on a secret mission.
“Don’t underestimate yourself, Lysander. This is a valuable talent, given by God to better serve us all as a whole.”
“So my reasoning isn’t there just to figure out the best paper route in Heaven?”
Raphael laughed heartily, his colossal breastplate armor heaving like an exploding bagpipe, despite the fact I wasn’t joking.
“If you’re so unsure about the talent God gave you, why don’t we test it?”
“What did you have in mind?”
“A little sparring session. Get the rust off those wings.”
“But you’re bigger than me. You’ll win.”
“What makes you so sure?”
“Because when I look at…you…I,” my voice trailed off as I suddenly saw Raphael in a new light. My “Messenger mind” was tingling with life and now that my temper tantrums were over, I was able to think clearly. The world had been hazy since I had been blinded by God’s light, but now my vision was adjusting, and an unusually sharp clairvoyance dominated my senses.  I saw Raphael for who he was. Yes, he was far larger than I was, and a lot more experienced. No doubt he had participated in more sparring matches than I could count. But what I figured out very quickly and quite intuitively was that everyone had a weakness – you just had to find it. See, no one was God – no one had the foresight and omnipotence He did – and with that knowledge bursting forth like the arrival of a messenger with great news, I figured out how I could beat Raphael. 




CHAPTER 4: Suffer Not

God wouldn’t make an angel perfect – hence the reason for so many classifications – each angel could only be strong in one aspect, not all. Of course, this also meant that each class of angel had a fair share of strengths and weaknesses. Godhand angels may be the “powerhouses,” but maybe they lacked in reasoning or intelligence. Maybe they were only able to tap into unfathomable power for a short time. Perhaps they were slow moving. As for the Glory and their ability to call upon God personally…it sounded like they could be the most powerful angels of them all - but just because they called, didn’t mean that God always answered. I knew that personally. A conflict could arise that God wanted the Glory to learn from or figure out on their own. I also assumed the Glory couldn’t be ridiculously strong, at least in foreseeable size – which meant Raphael was probably not a Glory. 
He could be a Godhand, but all that supposition told me was to be careful, and this I knew regardless. My newfound tactical mind relayed to me that anyone who initiated a fight, friendly or otherwise, probably thought they could win. And Raphael, with all his expertise in dealing with new angels, was probably sure he could beat me, especially since I had never fought before.
But with experience also comes complacency. And that meant that he assumed he knew what I would probably do next. How I would fly at him or, as a Messenger, how much speed I had at my disposal because I was smaller. Basically, he was confident he knew everything about me and my tactics. But in the end, I believed it would be his downfall. 
He probably had figured out a hundred different ways I would attack, so I was forced to go against my instinct and do the one thing no one expected – to be random. Yep, that was the master plan. Anything else, I’m sure Raphael had seen it all before and could counter accordingly. And it couldn’t just be a little random – it had to be a ridiculous show so out of this world, Raphael wouldn’t know what to do. Could I be random enough to beat him? We were about to find out. 
“Are you ready?” Raphael asked me abruptly, separating my thoughts.
I tried to answer him – in my own way.
It was the first time I actually saw my slender arms reach forward, my closed hand the size of a pebble compared to the gong-like breastplate I aimed for on Raphael. Yes, I had armor as well, but I didn’t want it. I didn’t need it – I was sure one of the boulders he called fists had more than enough stopping power to render me useless with or without it. 
Raphael saw my fist coming a galaxy away, already raising his right palm to meet it like a catcher’s mitt. I dug deep within my database and pulled out a strange countermeasure. I stopped my assault abruptly and fell backwards, placing my right hand onto the floor and letting my wings maintain my balance – my left leg swinging into the air toward Raphael’s cheek. His eyes widened in surprise as he dodged the kick, but I was still moving. My left leg came down, and though my back was turned towards him, I pivoted and swung my left leg back at him again, coming from the other side. I barely missed, but he was now slightly off balance. I let the momentum of my left foot carry me and I continued my attack after it landed, squatting low to the floor and trying to sweep him off his feet with my right wing, which was a ridiculous notion since wings were as dense as pillows. The wing could easily slam into his legs with no damage and little reaction. All he had to do was stand still.
Which is exactly what I needed him to do. Yes, wings were basically glorified rain clouds in formation, but they were as thick as silk in visibility. And I had my right leg swinging behind my wing to ensure Raphael would hit the floor. Incorporating a seemingly useless Earth fighting style – Capoeira – may just have been random enough to trick him into failure.
Raphael let an air current propel him upwards even though he knew of my wing’s composition. I worried that maybe he suspected my plan, but it didn’t matter for I had switched gears. My left wing followed his ascent with a fist to follow. This time, he let the wing connect to no effect, and though he felt confident for a second, he didn’t in the next. My left fist forced his body rocketing upward as I hit him with every ounce of power I could muster. There was no guarantee I would get another chance at him again, so I put all I had into it, even to the point of hurting myself – my thoughts becoming faint and my body weighed down with a sense of lethargy and exhaustion. Raphael hit the floor like a drop of water, his crash making no audible sound, but his body flailing in all directions – all motor control lost. His head bounced up for a second under the blunt trauma, and then he laid there, eyes closed. 
And this is when I grew afraid, fidgeting nervously over whether he would get up or not.
Because I could still sense he was nowhere near defeated. 
I couldn’t articulate it, even to myself, but there was something wrong about his fall. He hadn’t been acting…but I couldn’t shake the uneasy notion that he was still strong. Very strong. There was an aura emanating from him that screamed he had a lot of fight left. And the only hope I embraced was the verity that I knew little of what a defeated angel looked like. Especially since I knew inherently that angels are eternal. 
What did happen to an angel when they were beaten in battle? Nothing? Did they just fall down for a second and then get back up as good as new? Or did they have to go to a shop and get their armor repaired? Was their armor an indication of their health? Or was it their hair? Their wings? Maybe they lost a bit of reputation - a mark against their record which is broadcast throughout Heaven…either way, Raphael was about to get up in a second, and I had nothing left.   
“What do you sense?” Raphael asked me authoritatively, his eyes firmly shut.
“That nothing has changed,” I answered obediently. “You fell, but that’s it.”
“Why do you think that is?”
“I don’t know,” I admitted. “I was wondering about that myself.”
“What do you think happens to an angel when they fall?”
“It hurts?”
“Actually, no,” he said, suddenly in a standing position and a few feet from my face. His speed was so scary I barely heard him speak. “We don’t feel pain in a violent sense. To us, it’s more of a discomfort rather than a crippling sensation. So tell me, if the angels of God had an enemy – hypothetically speaking – what would prevent an ongoing stalemate between the two? If you hit me, I fall, get back up and hit you and you correspond with the same – what’s the point?”
“There must be some way to crown a winner.”
“True. And there is. We are spiritual beings so we create the impression of having an endless supply of energy at our disposal, but that is not the case. Let me ask you this. Can an angel defeat God?”
“No,” I said immediately. The idea was preposterous.
“Why not?”
The question disturbed me and I felt a quiver in my spirit. What was the point of dwelling on such things? Of course a creation couldn’t be stronger than the creator…could they?
“God is all-powerful. We are not,” I finally decided upon. Raphael nodded, apparently satisfied. 
“Correct. We are made with eternal spiritual life, but not unlimited power. Even our abilities are divided amongst classes. No individual angel possesses all of the classes’ abilities. On top of that, the spiritual capacity with which we are born with is our maximum limit. Unless God should allow it, we can never go beyond what we are given.”
“I don’t understand. Do you mean I can’t become a Godhand if I want to?”
“No, you cannot, but what I am really discussing is angelic pressure, the energy that stabilizes you and keeps you in good health. For example, if I were to classify levels of spiritual energy and say I was a level 3, and you were a 1 - no matter how hard you try, how much you train – you will never be at a level 3. You will never be able to hurt me or cause me discomfort.”
“But you still haven’t explained how someone can lose a fight. Even if you are a ‘level 3’ and I was a ‘level 1’ what does it matter? I’ll get back up again.”
“Ah, but here’s the truth of the matter. We cannot gain more than our current maximum of spiritual energy, ever...but we can lose it. If I were to hit you now, with all my might – your spirit, what we call your angelic pressure, loses some of its potency. The same thing happens when you exert yourself and put more energy into one attack than another. It’s very similar to the concept of exercise. Exert more angelic pressure – and you get more tired. Receive ‘damage’ from another being, and you lose some as well, depending on how badly you were struck.”
“So what happens when someone’s angelic pressure goes to zero?”
Raphael cast his eyes downward and his right wing fidgeted momentarily. I couldn’t help thinking of the new angel on the island, coiling his wings and contorting his body. It told me that Raphael had a past not worth asking about.
“Zero,” he said in a stoic tone. “Well, it all depends on how hard you are hit when your angelic pressure is at a critical level, but…you lose consciousness. Your ‘body’ remains intact and present, but there’s no animation. You cannot move, think, feel – you are completely oblivious to the world around you, like you were before you came into existence. From there, you are in stasis, a type of limbo until your angelic pressure steadily recovers, enough for you to gain consciousness. I don’t even want to think about how long an angel would be unconscious if one continues to hurt them long after they have gone unconscious. One could be out of commission for centuries after enduring such trauma.”
I was clueless to the severity of his message, and easily let it be forgotten. Like death, like gravity – it cast no weight upon me.
“Then how do we win? What if an enemy is stronger than us spiritually? What can we do that doesn’t end in us being knocked unconscious?”
“Tell me – when you knocked me down with that crazy dance-style martial art –”
“-you know what it is?”
“Of course. Remember, we are born with the same knowledge.”
“Some of it seems like a waste of space to me – like a land called Canaan, what is –”
“- that’s irrelevant right now. What did you feel?”
“I was glad. Ecstatic…because you thought you could beat me.”
“I never said anything insinuating that. What makes you think I was confident about the outcome of our sparring match?”
“It’s like you told me – I’m a Messenger, a tactician. I assumed you had seen many ‘new angels’ like me before, and other Messengers too - so you already knew you’d win.”
“And that upset you a bit, didn’t it?” he sneered. I stretched out my neck to the side and stood up straight.
“A little,” I said. “So I devised a plan on the spot. I figured that by trying random techniques, it might throw you off – and it worked.”
“Did it?”
“What?”
“Did it work? Did you win?” he asked me casually.
“I didn’t bring your angelic pressure down to zero. And if we continue our match, I’ll have to factor in our conversation and try new tactics, but for now, yes, I’m winning.”
“And how do you feel about that? Feel good?”
Raphael began pacing around me, his wings and arms held close to his sides as he studied me like a lab experiment. Whenever I managed to fight through my fear and look at his face, his body would seem to flicker and suddenly he would be behind me again. He was getting faster with each successive look and if I didn’t get a handle on my nerves soon, I would end up on the floor in a ball, crying myself into absenteeism. 
“It felt good, to prove you wrong,” I said, clearing my throat. Now that I was alone, I had to start standing up for myself. Stop being afraid.
“A sense of pride, am I right?”
“Yes. Because I showed you that I’m not to be looked down upon.”
“I guess you’re ready to out-spar anyone, aren’t you?”
“If they challenge me, then I will accept.”
“You believe you are ready for anything?” he said with a half-chuckle. Where was he going with this?
“I’m ready,” I said boldly. “For anything.” 
“Then I wonder how you will feel…when I show you this, young one.”
He waved a hand into the air idly and the room was washed in a light so bright it was almost void of color. I couldn’t even say it was white. It was simply so magnificent I was blinded into submission, dropping to my knees as Raphael was consumed in the light’s radiance. I couldn’t help thinking that it was God – but this light was borderline painful and I couldn’t open my eyes. I could only wait for it to wane, whispering to myself unknowingly for comfort.
When I noticed the light had finally subsided, multiple individuals were in the room. There were four others besides myself and Raphael, standing around and looking at each other just as confused as I was. Each of them was different in size, stature, and colored armor – silhouetted under the excessive light inhabiting the room. Without anyone saying a word, I came to the conclusion that I was vaguely staring at four more classification types. I just needed to figure out which was which. 
The biggest one stepped forward with great bravado but Raphael wasn’t intimidated in the least, despite being smaller by a couple feet in both length and width.
“What is this?” the angel gruffed. Raphael, the only angel that wasn’t bathing in light, smiled warmly toward him and calmly peeled the big man’s fingers from his arm like a banana. 
“I think you should have more respect for your mentor, Marcus.”
Wait…Marcus? A different Marcus or the one I knew?
“Who they?” he growled. “I beat you fair – why call for help?”
I studied the silhouettes of my fellow angels, the way their bodies were shaped, the way each of them stood and twitched out of nervousness or boredom. I couldn’t hold myself back. I flew at the tall lanky one with full force and tackled him backward. With a wounded cry, he caught me, and as the light Raphael summoned forth steadily declined, we recognized each other. Old friends, together again.
Cadence gave me a smirk and hugged me tight. As he let go, Farah, Alessa and Marcus all jumped in and we began hugging and patting each other on the back, congratulating and weeping, laughing and celebrating. No one could believe that we had all been given an appointment, that we had all made it to Heaven, at the same time.
It didn’t matter that I would be pushed to the background. The group was reunited, and life felt right again. 
“You have all been here the entire time,” Raphael said, turning to look at us one by one. We settled down to listen to our guide. “Of course, you were blinded from each other’s presence but that’s because there is another lesson all new angels must grasp. One to be received immediately or you may never leave this room – pride will destroy you. There is nothing wrong with feeling a sense of accomplishment in one’s actions, but once they cross the line into arrogance or a grand notion of self-importance, it becomes destructive and chaotic. Mark my words. It is a roaring flame, an unquenchable thirst that cannot be satisfied. You all believed that you had knocked me down, that by your own power I had succumbed to your might, when all five of you had actually been attacking me at once. None of you knocked me down alone. It was a…team effort.”
“But, you spoke to me individually! I asked you specific questions!” Farah said. “Not that I’m complaining about working with my friends…” 
“God allowed all of you to be present, but for time to stop in intervals so I could address you personally, as needed.”
Was that why he was so fast?
“Are we to work together now?” Cadence asked, wasting no time. “Or do we get to take the next tests independently?” 
“Drop the idea of individuality from here on out,” Raphael stressed. “Someday there will be a place for it, but not now. Pride is counterproductive, and could even bring you to the point that you would deny or defy God’s existence. Shun the very Master who made us, fashioned us, created us. Only by working together, unified, can we please Him and achieve our purpose. Alone, you do not have the power to succeed.”
“A no would have sufficed,” Alessa muttered. Cadence tried to console her with a back rub. Marcus clamored forward. 
“I do not believe this,” Marcus stated, storming toward Raphael. “I want to fight you alone - NOW!”
“Did you not hear a word I said?” Raphael seethed, his temper beginning to rise.
“I heard,” Marcus growled. “Doesn’t make it true.”
Farah stretched upward from where she stood and placed a hand on Marcus’ hip – as far as she could reach. “If we have to fall in line in order for us to stay here, then that’s what we have to do. We’re not going back to the island.”
Marcus stared down at the little one and let his chest rise in intimidation.
“Why no fight?”
“Marcus, I know we like to have fun, but we should be serious for once. We’re new here.”
“Too many words,” Marcus grunted and Farah laughed. Good old Marcus.
“God had Raphael train us,” she continued, “so he must be legitimate. What reason would he have to lie? Besides, we’ve been a family since the beginning. Why are you so against our help all of a sudden?”
“Don’t need help. I am Godhand,” Marcus said proudly, “and Godhand are the strongest there is.”
“Oh I beg to differ!” a sharp voice pierced through the air. Marcus and Farah ceased their conversation and followed our eyes to the entrance of the hall. Raphael noticeably squirmed, his eyes wavering as he began to lose his composure. His brow furrowed and his lips pursed.
“You are not to be here,” he said weakly.
And whatever stood in the doorway, laughed.



CHAPTER 5: We Will Put Them to the Test

 The voice, unaccompanied by a visible being, stopped its laughter short and spoke again.
“I wanted to see how the new recruits are faring. I hope you don’t mind.”
“You are not supposed to be here,” Raphael stressed more boldly this time as the mysterious intruder stepped from the side of the entrance into view. He came in slowly, intentionally delaying his approach. Again, I felt this was someone worthy of respect, but it was a different feeling than the intuitive respect I had towards Raphael.  
This being was so powerful, his angelic pressure alone began to weigh me down, increasing in burden with each step that brought him closer. I could barely make out his physical characteristics - his body boasting an impressive glow like he was a walking miniature star, building in intensity the closer he got. It was a brightness I instinctively knew that few had. And obviously, this angel was a bit different than the rest of us. His glow, angelic pressure and strength meant only one thing. This was a chief prince, a classification of angel we all knew, not from Raphael, but our database. We’d seen the name of this type of angel graffitied on walls in future cities on Earth and had come across the title in incomplete documents. This was an Archangel. An angel of the highest order.
“I have a test for them,” he said slyly.
“No,” Raphael said flatly, but the intruder’s aura lit up as he almost smiled in amusement.
“I don’t remember asking for your permission.”
“Imagine if they get hurt. What then?”
“They can live forever. So what if they’re out of commission for a spell?”
“I don’t like your games,” Raphael stressed through grit teeth. “I think you should leave.”
“I think you should know your place, Raphael.”
“You forget, I am an angel just like you.”
The mysterious angel looked him up and down, as sunspots erupted simultaneously over his solar body. He chuckled again. 
“Yes, we are – though even Heaven appears to have its princes…and paupers.”
“Your charm is as appealing as ever, I see,” Raphael quipped, unscathed by the intruder’s scorn.
“Oh come now, Raphael. You have always been too sensitive. I was just joking around and you take it so seriously.”
“It’s hard to tell with you.”
“Maybe that’s why I was left in charge – because God needed an angel that is able to comprehend orders. He doesn’t have time for someone who is unable to discern one’s spirit and speech, taking guesses at what his master told him like an ill-trained dog.”
“Contrary to what you might think, you aren’t that hard to figure out.”
“We will see if these young ones agree with that statement…Young ones!” he bellowed, the boom in his voice echoing like a cannon down the hall. “Welcome to Heaven! I am sure by now you are eager to spread your little wings and see the universe God has created. I do not blame you, for I too once stood nervously in your place. However, I quickly learned that there is more to this habitation than friendly races to the nearest dwarf star and irrelevant swims through the cosmos. We are created for a purpose, and that purpose is not play. We have been intricately designed to ensure that Heaven is tended to, and runs smoothly in God’s absence-”
“But God is everywhere,” I spoke abruptly. The kindling sun turned to me and nearly burst into flames.
“SILENCE!” he quaked as my colleagues gasped in reverence and fear, collapsing to the floor. I was immediately forced down to one knee and unwillingly bent my head low, quailing under his thunderous voice. I had never felt such trepidation. I cowered beneath him, shivering – begging him internally to never use that crippling tone again. The walking star’s light had nearly come to the point of explosion, but now he dimmed it a little for my sake - so I would not be consumed by his might. He chuckled from within, a haunting song that burrowed deep into my mind.
“Of course God is everywhere, little one,” he cooed as he placed a comforting…hand, I think, on my hair, “but you speak out of turn and out of ignorance. You need to be enlightened about current events.”
“Lysander is correct in the context in which he spoke,” Raphael said. “God is everywhere, even now. As we speak, He is watching us…watching you.”
“My dear Raphael,” the star spoke softly. “One shouldn’t offer their opinion when plagued with a condition such as yours. If you are unable to interpret primitive body language and banter, it is best to keep your simple analysis of matters internally, before you embarrass yourself.”
Raphael opened his mouth to respond with a comeback, but decided to keep his words to himself, letting the stranger continue his barrage of insults.
“Really, you should get that retardation of yours looked at,” the glowing intruder stated coldly, but Raphael didn’t budge as we slowly climbed to our feet, sensing that the danger had burned out for now. The star continued his conversation with us as he stared at Raphael’s unmoving composure. 
“Young ones, I have a proposition for you - one that you will find most appealing, though it comes with a prerequisite.”
“What is it?” Marcus asked bravely as the star faced us in the blink of an eye. I cringed behind Cadence, shielding myself from any future flares. 
“First I would like to know your names,” he said in a haunting, wavering voice that could only have been intentional.
“Marcus,” the Godhand said proudly, puffing out his chest in declaration.
“My name is Cadence. Classification, Guard.” He said it like he was answering roll call in the military.
“Farah. I am a Faithful,” she said, doing her best to sound formidable.
“I’m Alessa,” the fourth of our group squeaked out, strangely quiet. Surely Raphael’s words couldn’t have humbled her that much. “I’m a Glory.”
I stared at her in awe. A Glory…an angel that could talk to God directly. I had to admit I was jealous of her designation. Was this the cause of her silence and newfound meekness? Was she continuously in conversation with God, asking Him questions and receiving orders? As soon as I had the opportunity, I would ask her all about it.  
“And you are Lysander,” the star finished before I could claim my turn. Though it was impossible for me to be thirsty, I found myself gulping involuntarily. 
“Yes,” I replied meekly. “I’m a, um, a Messenger.”
“An interesting mix of talent – I’m looking forward to your future performances. But first, I want all of you to know that should you pass a test of mine, you will each have the opportunity to join a special group of angels. This elite group is composed of angels that serve God the most, with all reverence. I lead this group exclusively into His presence and we praise…my Lord, we praise like no other. The fire under our feet, the dance in our flight, the bellowing of our souls – none can worship like we.”
I was already intrigued, and based on the awe-struck, jaw-dropping faces around me, the rest of the group was too. On the island, being in God’s presence was all we could think about, even when we weren’t speaking about it. And our second encounter only whet the appetite. To have the opportunity to be in God’s presence again – multiple times…and to praise Him with all we could muster? What an opportunity…but the star had said his group exclusively met with God, meaning – that if we didn’t get in, there was no telling when we would be enveloped in His magnificence again. Maybe that was why Raphael, even now, stood frigid and unimpressed – it was possible he had attempted the test and failed, forced to now live out his time in Heaven telling others about an experience he would no longer enjoy. 
That could not be me.
“Of course,” he confirmed, “not everyone, like my good friend Raphael here, has the commitment and drive required, so like any true and faithful servant, you must be tested. How does that sound?”
“Whenever you’re ready,” I found myself saying, my cowardice dissipating with every syllable that poured out from my mouth. 
“Good,” he shone brighter in approval. “Then we will begin immediately. I am bringing in a specifically chosen angel to test your might. He will give me a report regardless of the outcome, that will either approve or deny your membership. Should you win, I will find you. If you fail, well…I hear Raphael is looking for employees in his daycare.”
The star smiled wide for Raphael who refused to acknowledge his comments, and then vanished, his flight so fast that for a second an afterimage remained in his stead. Raphael unfolded his arms and addressed us urgently as we saw another mysterious angel appear – the star’s proctor no doubt – enter the hall. 
“Do not listen to his words,” Raphael advised. “They are poison, smooth to go down but fatal to your being. Stay away from his ‘club’.”
“We are not you,” Marcus said flatly, staring past Raphael toward the proctor striding toward us. Raphael cast his eyes to the side and hardened his jaw, but once more he chose to keep his mouth shut. Marcus didn’t notice this at all.
“Are these the young ones?” the new stranger asked Raphael, who only nodded in answer. This stranger was not glowing like the other so we could see what he looked like. From what I devised, he was more than likely a Glory due to his average height, slender body, and silver armor with purple streaks. Alessa’s armor may have been primarily purple, and a little different than the angel’s who just walked in, but I thought it was safe to assume that specific colors were coordinated with the classifications - a knowledge which was essential to triumphing in our upcoming test.
The angel had a bored look on his face, his long hair flowing well past his shoulders and over sections of his face. He didn’t even bother to move it when it got in the way. His blasé attitude said it all - he was not impressed with our ensemble. 
“My name is Rufus, and I will be your proctor,” he yawned. “This test will determine if you are worthy of my leader’s inner circle. It is simple – I will give you exactly thirty minutes to strategize - after which, I will attack the five of you with everything I have. Bring my angelic pressure to a critical state, which I promise is no small feat, and you will have passed. If I bring all of you to a critical state individually, to the point in which you are indisposed, you fail. Are there any questions?”
The group remained silent as I tugged on Cadence’s sleeve, signifying I might have a plan. He nodded in response and I waited for Rufus to sound the bell.
“You get thirty minutes – and in Heaven, a half hour will seem like seconds. Use it wisely. Your tactical planning starts…now.”
The five of us flew into a huddled circle about seven yards away from Rufus to plan. Cadence spoke up for me before I could muster up any courage.
“Lysander here has a plan,” he said approvingly, “and we should hear him out first.”
“Why?” Marcus responded. Being designated a Godhand was getting to his head but Cadence defended me.
“Because we can’t just go out swinging. If Rufus was sent to fight five angels, whether we’re experienced or not, he must have some background in fighting groups by himself - not to mention we have no clue what his abilities are. Remember, all he has to do is place each of us in a critical state. That may sound like the odds are in our favor, but they will quickly diminish as we lose members one by one. We have to think about this.”
“Why?” Marcus replied again, as if he hadn’t heard a word Cadence had said. Cadence gave him a disgusted ‘Are you serious?’ look as Alessa spoke up.
“I’m with Marcus on this one. I don’t see the point of planning when we can all attack him at once.”
“If it was as simple as an all-out assault,” Cadence commented, “we wouldn’t have been given thirty minutes. It doesn’t matter if we have a group, we can’t let arrogance or pride get in the way. Recall Raphael’s words.”
“I’m not really too excited about Raphael’s lessons right now,” Alessa said disapprovingly. Cadence began to rub his forehead in frustration.
“Listen guys,” I finally squeaked. “We can do this. The key is figuring out what his weakness is.”
“And how are you the authority figure all of a sudden?”
“Because I’m a Messenger – it’s part of my repertoire. I’m not that strong spiritually, but I have a tactical mind. If we devise a plan, we won’t have to fight any harder than we have to.”
“Let’s hear him out,” Farah chimed in, and the group shifted their full attention on me. I didn’t dare betray their trust. 
“Okay, first of all, I figured out he is a Glory based upon the nearly exact mirror image of Alessa’s armor. The only difference is that the color purple is less accentuated. So Alessa, please tell us what your specialty is.”
Alessa fidgeted nervously as she was now in the spotlight, but Marcus grunted and nodded and that seemed to calm her down. Maybe it was some kind of ooga booga way of encouragement. 
“The Glory are the only angels with a direct line to God Himself,” she said proudly, her voice overflowing with joy. “We are not skilled in either offense or defense, but we can still hold our own in battle. However, if we come up against a particularly hard opponent or situation, we can call on God and ask for His help in settling the matter. At that point, it doesn’t matter who or what we are facing.”
“So it’s chance,” I said flatly. Alessa scowled and poked a very threatening index finger at my breastplate. 
“It is not chance,” she said firmly. “We connect to God Himself every single time.”
“But He’s not a summon,” I stated. “He’s not a genie you just call on when you need Him. He’s not a pet. He’s almighty God, and your explanation of the Glory proves it. You specifically said that you ‘ask for His help’ meaning – He doesn’t have to comply. Maybe you get to talk to Him every time, and He’s more likely to help you – because of your class ability. Either way, He probably won’t help you every single time – which gives us some valuable insight. It means that Rufus’s strength will not be above Marcus’s nor will his defense be above…uh, who has defense?”
“What makes you think someone specializes in defense?” Farah asked but Cadence raised a hand in the air.
“I’m a Guard,” he said militaristically. “It’s what I do. I take hits.”
“That’s hilarious,” Alessa said. “You take hits? You?” Alessa made a point of looking up and down Cadence’s lanky limbs.
“It’s not a surprise,” he said. “You’ve been abusing me ever since I met you. Maybe God sent you my way to prepare me for this.”
“Then I guess a thank you is in order.”
Cadence rolled his eyes as Farah placed a hand over Alessa’s mouth.
“Lysander, can you please continue? I’m actually curious to hear more. I’m impressed!”
“Okay,” I nodded, trying to downplay Farah’s compliment. “If Cadence is a Guard, then that means Rufus will not have his level of defense. Isn’t this better than blindly going in to face him?”
“Still no plan,” Marcus grunted, rolling his eyes. Alessa nodded in agreement. 
“Well,” I started, hoping the words would just flow on their own, “I’m sure he’ll expect Marcus to go out first because he’s our powerhouse, so we have to save him for absolute last. We have to be sure Marcus will connect his strike before we send him in or we’ll just lose our advantage. I’m thinking we do this…”
Even as I spoke, I couldn’t believe what I was doing - planning strategy with my friends, teaming up with four other classifications of angels, ready to overcome a test to get the prize of being in God’s presence forever. I had only been taken from the island, what, minutes ago? Hours? There was no telling what I would learn in the next few days, weeks, even years. God did not waste time training us for the future, and I hoped our future was connected to Him.
Invigorated by the prospects, I detailed my plan as carefully and simply as possible; knowing that it would be detrimental if the test began before I finished explaining it entirely. I had already relayed most of it to the group when Rufus raised a hand in the air and yelled out an unraveling “TIME’S UP! LET’S BEGIN!”
Rufus was serious about his time limit for as soon as the word “begin” left his lips, he was halfway across the room, swinging his right arm toward Cadence. Until Marcus, the only real threat to him stepped in; he would work on our Guard, chipping his “shield.” But as I watched Cadence defend himself the best he could, I realized that I had no time to dwell on what the others were doing. I had to trust that they would carry out the plan I outlined while I continued to watch for any potential problems. I had to stay focused – stay alert. If I was ever to show the group that I contributed, it was now. I would not fail them.
I focused harder as I watched Rufus’s fist hit Cadence’s shield a couple times. It didn’t matter that Cadence was the “armored tank.” Rufus would eventually get a critical hit in. 
So far, our Guard was carrying out his job adequately, dodging the little he could and taking the rest, but his angelic armor and pressure were also noticeably diminishing before our very eyes - his frame becoming more rag doll-like with each surpassing blow. As Marcus waited patiently next to me, and Farah flew around the room like an irritating housefly, Alessa prayed. I had saved her role for last because I knew there was no guarantee her contribution would help, but we had to cover all our bases.
So, following my advice, she prayed for the Lord to grant Farah more strength.
Because I had figured out something. 
See, God was omnipotent, meaning He knew everything about the past, present and future. And He wouldn’t grant a ridiculous request that would significantly alter His plans or the balance of His creations’ lives. A prayer to simply knock out Rufus was unlikely to work, as we would probably rely on the same prayer in the future, and God wanted us to learn for ourselves, not rely on Him like a crutch to fight every battle for us. The fact that we were all pulled away from His magnificence, our first memory, was proof of that. The key word was “learn” – which, knocking out Rufus effortlessly, wouldn’t help us do. So I would save the big prayers for a more pressing occasion. 
This time, I would stick to something a little more economical – in short, give Farah great strength. Rufus was obviously keeping an eye on Marcus like a hawk, but Farah? He barely batted an eyelash. So Alessa prayed, and whether our request would be granted or not, our plan would work.
For not only did we have Alessa’s prayer, but Farah also had a score to settle. Small, petite, squeaky in voice and cuddly in stature – she was a walking underestimation. For what she lacked in base strength, defense and strategy – she made up for in faith. Simple, illogical, old-fashioned faith. She had guts, and grit, and more resolve to rush into battle than the rest of us combined. She didn’t care what the odds were – her God was greater than them, and surely, He would give her the tools she needed to win…
Cadence was swaying now, taking one hit too many, and Alessa had finished praying. I sent her in to help Cadence, knowing full well her combat skills were as average as his. It didn’t matter, for the grand finale was upon us. I charged in.
And I saw Rufus smile, because he thought he had us figured out. His eyes locked on Marcus behind me – the hulking angel bumbling like a rhinoceros, picking up momentum and staggering like a train beyond its threshold. Rufus dug deep within his angelic pressure and swatted both Alessa and Cadence away with a casual fling of his arm and met me head on. We were meaningless to him now for he was confident that his victory would be secured in Marcus’s defeat. I stopped and stepped to the side, letting the rhinoceros charge ahead, his muscles rippling with raw energy, his animalistic nature taking over, a war cry fueling him forward. 
Rufus laughed heartily over the thrill of battle as he rushed ahead to reach Marcus, and Marcus, the powerhouse, did the one thing no one would expect a Godhand to do – he held back, and folded. Rufus’s expression was priceless as his eyes swelled – Marcus now rolling into the shape of a ball and tumbling past his attack. But we couldn’t give Rufus time to recover from the surprise now, could we?
With impeccable timing, Farah buzzed in front of Rufus’s lunging fist, dodged it with a hummingbird shuffle, reared back with her tiny body, and delivered a fist full of angelic pressure, releasing every ounce she could muster from within, and hopefully an extra boost from Alessa’s prayer and the Almighty Himself. 
Rufus shrieked in pain as he clutched his face in blistering agony, and Farah puffed out a mini sigh - half flying, half collapsing backward from sheer exertion. I caught her and held her in my arms as I screamed out for someone with enough energy to put Rufus down.
And Marcus answered the call. 
Still unharmed and crackling with power, he stomped over to Rufus, and pulled his hands away from his injured face. Seeing the end before me, I might have asked for Marcus to go easy on Rufus, but he had carried out his part in the plan so well, and he had been so patient – I let him do his thing the Marcus way.
With hands pulled away, and cries still escaping his lips, Rufus didn’t see – and only barely felt Marcus’s tree of an arm slam into his countenance, sending him flying across the hall and literally into the floor. Rufus’s limp body twitched for a moment and then rested. 
We were contemplative while we picked ourselves up, replaying the feat we had just accomplished. I let Farah back into the air, wondering how it had all gone so perfectly. Marcus was frowning because he had only gotten to swing one arm and Alessa and Cadence were laughing over their respective exhaustion. I did my very best not to cheer prematurely, waiting for confirmation that Rufus was indeed finished. 
And then the clapping began, only one set of hands, but still ever so resounding and satisfying amidst the gigantic hall, and when we saw the source, we were invigorated, feeling alive and united as a family, forever bonded as a group that could never be broken. Raphael clapped fervently and only stopped when we heard Rufus groan. Raphael was vigilant as we clamored over to Rufus’s limp body, inspecting his spiritual state. He only had one eye open, and the way his mouth moved, it was like his throat was parched, and his lips dry. 
“How?” Rufus muttered, his head moving side to side deliriously. 
“You didn’t take us seriously, while we refused to underestimate you,” Cadence replied. Rufus squinted in misunderstanding.
“I should have won. You’re…so young.”
“Maybe you should’ve,” I said back to him, “but you forgot something. God is our Creator, and He doesn’t fashion things haphazardly. We were all established for His will and none of us are to be belittled. We didn’t prove our strength when we beat you. We simply showed that all of God’s creations can reveal his. ”
“Lysander,” he coughed. “Yes, I see that now…I apologize…for being so aggressive. It should have been a test, and nothing more.”
“So your group,” I inquired, “the one that serves God beyond measure. Does this mean we’re in?”
“Our leader…probably knows of your victory. He’ll contact you soon, I’m sure…but if he doesn’t show, inquire about him…all of Heaven’s host knows who he is.”
“Then in that case, I’ll need to know his name.”
“It’s Lucifer,” Rufus said as a disturbing, rejuvenating smile crept upon his lips. The very mention of this name was restoring his lost energy. 
“Thank you,” I replied. “We’ll be waiting for him.”

The full novel is now available for FREE

Also Now Available:
Angels of Eden (Angel Story, Book 2)

Angel Story III will be available September 1st



An Excerpt From
The Champion Collection

He would never forget his father’s words, for they were a prophecy of his life. A steel road that became invincible to his touch. With all his power and all his strength, he could never change the future. It somehow escaped his grasp and flew away with a speed he could not match, and hardened itself with an invisible shell that he could not see or break. No, he could not forget his father’s words, and all that were present when he said it would make sure of this. Whether it was a blessing, or a curse, no one could say.
But how could they?
He was the one that had to live it.
“My son,” his father declared in adoration. “You will be the champion of our people. A shining star in the blackest of night. You are destined for a path that we cannot follow for we are forged of dust and fragility. You alone, must travel on, paving the way for our bright future. Some will see your emergence into glory. Others will have long fallen by the wayside as they follow the trail you have blazed…but all…all my son, will worship you as a god!”
The words rang through his head like an earthquake as a fist the size of a sledgehammer connected to his jaw. 
A god, father? Connor had but a second to consider as he fell from the sky. No, a god would not be able to feel this much.
His body slammed into the roof of the North Street Middle School as he was barely able to open an eye. HE’S STILL COMING! Connor’s mind raced, as he was barely aware of the outline his fall had left into the exterior. Connor balled up his fists in rage and forced himself to rocket skyward, ignoring the unfamiliar ache in his jawline. His dark, fine hair blew into his face for a moment, but it didn’t matter. He was sure that the enemy could still see his eyes. An icy, stone cold blue that had lost all of its warmth, all of its compassion, and all of its mercy. The enemy was surprised to see his foe get up so soon, and he was simply unprepared for this missile in a man’s body.
Connor reached out both forearms with the rigidity of unbreakable steel and pushed his way as hard as he could into the enemy’s stomach. With a startled cry, the enemy took flight as well, riding on the powerful hands of a foe he had thought was beaten. Where did his strength come? How could he have the will to fight on?
Connor tried to suppress the sudden tug of humanity that pulled on his shirt sleeve, reminding him that no matter how hard this enemy had fought him, he was still just a man. He was still of flesh and blood and could be killed no less than any of the pedestrians that looked on from below. 
But wasn’t he a man too? Did he not feel pain? Did he not feel rage? Would this unknown enemy have ever given him the same courtesy? 
“You think too much,” his enemy muttered as he somehow rolled off of his fists. Connor let his jaw slack and he closed his eyes, knowing what to expect. A blow came to his head, on the right side of his temple. Another followed to the left, then the right. Then the left again. Connor was dazed, and the man was laughing, and the people were gasping, and all he could think about, for some odd reason, was that he had left Jess’ homemade pancakes for this. And she had bought the organic maple syrup too. None of that fake stuff. This was the real deal - the kind that cost ten dollars and didn’t soak into the pancakes right away…he could be sitting at the dining room table, enjoying the company of his wife, and his son …but he had to go. 
She had told him not to...
And he agreed with her. 
But she didn’t have to live with this power.
Sometimes it was a blessing. Especially when she forgot to pick up the popcorn at the old video store ten miles from the house and he could retrieve it within two minutes, the clerk at the register being the one thing to slow down his mission. 
But today…today it was a curse. A god forsaken curse.
A god…Connor thought - a thought so distorted and weak that it was if it barely emerged at all. Gods don’t die…they just…
And for the first time against his will, Connor blacked out…




He told Jessica Marshall his secret three days after they met. Needless to say, she was a little flattered, a bit appalled, and very surprised. Here he was, Connor Matthews, one of the most attractive yet quietest studs on campus just enjoying a ham sandwich with her on the grass when he blurts out that he could fly, and probably throw the tree they were leaning against into space. She didn’t believe him at first and in an embarrassing display, almost spit pieces of chewed up bread at his face when she laughed. But when he picked up a small stone lying in the grass and practically threw it into the clouds, well, let’s just say he got her attention.
“How did you do that?” she asked as he shrugged his shoulders.
“I just can,” he said. “I’ve been able to do it all my life.”
“And so…what? You’re like an alien or something?”
Connor found her country accent too cute and chuckled as soon as she said the words. Jessica just got more alarmed and started shuffling nervously to the side.
“No, no, no.” Connor laughed, raising his hands up. “I’m no alien. I just have powers, is all.”
“Powers?”
“For lack of a better word.”
“Okay, so what exactly can you do?”
“Oh, you know, the usual. Flight, lighting fast speed, super strength, and an amplified voice.”
“Amplified voice? You? You barely speak?”
“Maybe it’s because my voice is that powerful.”
“Oh is it now?” she said, leaning in closer. 
“It seems to be working on you pretty well,” he said as he gave her a smirk.
“Is that why you’re telling me all these secrets? Your voice has some kind of hypnosis?”
“No. It’s because I love you.”
The words froze her completely. He had said it with such clarity of mind, such assurance and conviction that she knew he wasn’t lying instantly. He meant it, and there was no pleading or anxiety in his speech either. It didn’t matter if she refused him. He loved her, and those words were complete in of itself.
“Why me?” she said nervously, her voice low and full of breath. For the first time she felt unworthy of a man’s presence, and it was unsettling.
“Because you are the most beautiful, ambitious, and powerful woman I have ever met, and no matter how nervous I felt, I knew that I could never live with myself if I went through life without telling you.”
She was taken aback at this. Again, those words were concrete and unwavering. He believed every letter of his speech and yet he was the one who was nervous! 
Who was this Connor Matthews?
“I can’t say I love you,” Jessica said, trying to regain her composure and take the reins over her anxiety, “but…I am willing to go out with you on a second date.”
“Where would you like to go?” Connor perked up. “Italy? France? Somewhere tropical?”
“No. No,” Jessica replied, placing a firm hand on his chest before she realized it. It was like a brick. “A movie is fine. Maybe some bad Chinese food. You know, something normal.”
“Are you sure?” he asked. “We can go anywhere you like.”
“What you’ll find about me, Connor, is that I don’t like my head up in the clouds. I don’t care how powerful you may be. The best I like you is right here, sitting in the grass, planted firmly on the ground. If we’re going to Italy someday, then we’ll save up. Take a plane, and do it together. Save your god-like powers for the rest of the world. To me, you’re just my boyfriend.”
“Boyfriend?”
Did I really just say that? She thought, pulling her hand quickly away from his chest. What is it about this guy that gets me so out of sorts?
“What I meant to say, um -“she stammered.
“- it’s fine,” he laughed. “We can take it as slow as you like. Now that I have a shot with you, I’m ready to just enjoy the ride. I don’t care what the conditions are. But I do have one small request, if you would do me the honor.”
“What’s that?” she asked him, her arms were covered in goose bumps.
“I want to show you the ocean.”
“It’s a three hour drive, and we have class tonight.”
“Is it three hours?” he smirked, and before she could protest, he had grabbed her with a swipe of his hand, held her close in his arms, and took off  into the atmosphere. It was so fast that she couldn’t even take in her surroundings - the campus below turning into nothing more than a speck of dust on the proverbial carpet. She gripped his shoulders and tried to hold back a smile. 
She had feared this. That she could fall for him because of the powers he had and not for the man he was. She barely knew him and already she was getting giddy, ready to shout out to the mountain tops how wonderful he was, and how she became so lucky.
Get yourself together. She thought as Connor slowed his descent. When he came to a halt, they were surrounded by the sky, and it was absolutely gorgeous. 
“I didn’t want to show you an ocean of water,” he said as he picked her up and placed her on his shoulders, giving her a very comfortable, yet sturdy seat. “I meant an ocean of sky.”
“Do you come here all the time?” she asked, taking in the amazing view. “I can’t imagine this gets old.”
“It doesn’t,” he said. “Above the clouds, the pollution, and the grime, there is this. Untouched. Untainted. Pure and clear. I’m sorry I brought you here, especially since you just told me how much you want your mind to be grounded…but I had to make a point.”
“Which is?”
“That this is what I want our relationship to be, should you allow it to continue. Pure and clear. Untouched, untainted. We won’t allow anything to enter it that we don’t want, whether that be family, friends, people or even ideals and thoughts. We will create our own world, while being in the middle of theirs.”
“There’s something you haven’t told me yet,” she said, interpreting the sorrow behind his words. She looked down at the crown of his head, and he looked up at her, smiling warmly into her eyes. 
“No, I haven’t,” he said. “It has to deal with my childhood. But…I just want to say that the way I was raised, has nothing to do with who I am now. Who you see, is naked before you.”
“Oh, god,” she muttered, rolling her eyes upward. “Can we please not mention things like that while I’m sitting on your manly shoulders?”
“Sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean it that way. I’ll be more careful from now. A gentleman of the highest regard.”
“I trust you will,” she said as he pulled her off his shoulders and back into the cradle of his arms.
“You have no questions?”
“I’m sure you’ll tell me when you’re up to it.”
“Considering I get a third date.”
“Considering,” she smiled, and his eyes smiled back. Holding her tight, he let himself descend to the ground, still in a standing position, and Jessica couldn’t help but notice that as the world came back into view, with all of its grunginess, rust and flaws, Connor Matthews still looked exactly the way he did the day she first saw him.
Perfect.





“The end of the world is nigh! If you cannot stop me in the next ten seconds, it will be too late! The world will perish under your -“
“- is that ten seconds starting when you first said it, or starting right now?”
“Um,” he said, trying to stay in character. “THE END WILL BEGIN WHEN –“
“- you didn’t answer my question.”
“The villain won’t give you specifics,” he whined.
“So I shouldn’t even let you speak. I should’ve taken you out as soon as I realized what your intentions were.”
“But that ruins the suspense of it all! You can’t just knock out the bad guy as soon you see him! What if he has important information?”
“Like what?”
“Well, what if there was a bomb hidden in a major city? If you knock out the bad guy right away, you’ll never know it was there, and then how are you a hero?”
“Good thinking.”
“Okay, so –“
“But just tell me, is it ten seconds as soon as you say it? Or after you’re done speaking?”
“Okay, Dad, listen,” his son sighed as he placed the palm of his hand to his forehead. “If the villain is speaking, and a timer starts, then you go by the timer. However, if he says ten seconds and no timer starts, then it begins as soon as he stops.”
“What if he says ten seconds and there is no timer, but there really is one behind the scenes?”
“I don’t know!” Hunter threw up his hands in exasperation, plopping down in the grass. Connor chuckled as he surveyed his surroundings. Hunter had done a fantastic job turning the small backyard into a villain’s lair. Paper Mache, duct tape, cardboard boxes and toilet paper tubes were everywhere, creating intricate systems of pipes, vents, and gigantic, fake computer consoles. He said he was playing the mastermind today. One that was able to outsmart his dad since he would be unable to take him down in a physical fight. Though Connor was by no means a superhero, Hunter took his dad’s training very seriously. Just in case…
“Hunter,” Connor started to say in his fatherly tone as his son glared at him. “I mean, Doctor Destruction…I’m just making sure I understand what I’m supposed to do.”
“You sounded like you were making fun.”
“Well, I’m not. I need to know the precise moment I’m supposed to kick your butt.”
“Well,” his son smirked, coming to life, “it depends on the situation. You’ll have to go with your instincts if no timer is displayed.”
“I see.”
“Dad, I may be twelve, but that doesn’t mean I haven’t had years of comic book experience. I basically have my doctorate in this stuff.”
“I believe it. I’m very impressed.” 
“Then are you ready to continue?”
“To save the world? Of course!” Connor flexed his right arm and nearly tore the fabric of his costume. Hunter had learned how to sew because he said that a superhero never knew when a suit would get destroyed in battle. And unfortunately, Hunter had been faithful to his beloved comic book stories. Skin tight. Chafing. Hugging every nook and cranny. Connor often draped his cape around the front because he was sure his crotch was showing a little. But he had to play the part. In Hunter’s words, no one was going to take a man in lame, business clothes seriously… 
But it wasn’t all bad. He had to admit that his son had taken extra care into his work and ensured that his father looked as magnificent as possible with materials from the local Save-a-Bunch store. 
Green and black. There were worse combinations. At least the black almost matched his hair and green was by far his favorite color. A light blue cape…didn’t see that one coming, but Hunter said that at night, it would stand out, and a superhero needed to be noticed, which was the last thing Connor wanted. After all, there was a reason they had moved from the city to the country.
“Now, Champion,” Hunter announced. “My greatest nemesis, my most loathed foe, you will not win this battle! In the next ten seconds, the world will be doomed! Destroyed! My nuclear device has linked all of the warheads of this planet to one another. With the press of a button, each one will be launched! Not even you are fast enough to catch them all! And it only takes one to send us back to the ice age! MUHAHAHAHAHAHA!”
It was then that Connor noticed the toy Nerf  gun launchers  positioned all around the yard. Perhaps Hunter had planned on turning the “lair” into the “world” once the warheads launched. My god…he would have only seconds to catch or destroy each one. There had to be over a hundred!
“How much of your allowance did you spend on those?” Connor asked but his son was too far gone in the role.
“Do not worry about my finances, Champion! You should be worrying about your precious humans! I, after all, am just an alien being, whose physiology will not be affected by the fallout!”
He really thought of everything.
“You will not win, Doctor Destruction!” Connor bellowed suddenly, putting a fist to his chest. If he was to play imaginary games with his son, nothing short of full compliance with the rules would be accepted.
“Your amplified voice is useless, Champion! I have earplugs!”
“DO YOU NOW?” Connor roared, just enough to make his son’s ears wince. Hunter smiled through the discomfort and pointed a finger at his father.
“DIE, FOOL!” Hunter screamed in fake rage.
“NO, DOCTOR DESTRUCTION!” Connor bellowed. “YOU WILL FAIL THIS DAY JUST LIKE THE LAST! FOR I AM THE CHAMPION OF THE PEOPLE!”
He ignored the little squeal of delight that escaped Hunter’s lips. He had a world to save.
The warheads launched. Connor had missed the remote control snuggled firmly in his son’s hands. It was a time in which he wished he had some kind of super sight, but no use in worrying about that now. Every millisecond counted.
Connor, now the Champion, sped back and forth across the yard, destroying as many as he could with a chop of his hand, picking up speed with every half a second. Soon, he was just a blur and as the last warhead was just about to hit the ground, Champion caught the tail with his fingers, clutched it to his chest, and took off to the skies. Hunter jumped up and down in delight as his father boomed upward, breaking the sound barrier at will. Reaching just high enough to know that Hunter would hear it, Champion took a deep breath, flexed his amplified voice, and made a fake explosion sound.
It was like thunder, clapping across the plain with an impressive shockwave. And from up above, he could hear Hunter laughing manically, relishing in his victory. The Champion had sacrificed himself. Sure, he had saved the day, but at the cost of his life…
Or did he?
Champion hit the ground like lightning, striking a “Hercules’ pose” as Hunter gasped in shock.
“Champion! HOW DID YOU SURVIVE?”
“You can’t kill justice,” Champion declared. He knew Hunter would like that.
“Maybe so,” he said slyly, “but I have one more trick up my sleeve. There!”
Hunter pointed back at the house and chuckled.
“There is a warhead, ready to go off any second, planted deep within your home. Tell me, Champion, can you find it in the next fifteen seconds, or will you fail and lose your precious family?”
“Even Champion needs help sometimes,” Jessica said, coming out of the back porch door. She was holding a Nerf missile in her hands.
“MOM! Dad’s supposed to find it!”
“Well, I did, and now Champion can relax, knowing his family and the world is safe from danger.”
“But you can’t interfere! You don’t have any powers!”
“I have the power to tell you to clean your room.”
“That’s not a power,” Hunter muttered.
“Isn’t it?” Jessica smirked.
“Yes,” Hunter replied and threw down the “remote control.” He sulked into the house and shut the back porch door behind him.
“Will you be the one to clean up this mess, Wonderful?” Jessica asked her husband as she waved a hand around the yard.
“No, actually,” he smiled. “Hunter can do it when he’s done with his room. And the name’s Champion, miss.”
“Oh! Champion! So sorry!” Jessica fake-swooned into her husband’s arms. “My hero. Saving the day from all of those toy missiles!”
“You laugh, but our son is very serious about this. I swear, if he could make a career out of training superheroes, he would’ve found his calling.”
“Oh, I don’t laugh at that. I think it’s rather adorable. Especially since he takes such an interest in you. But, this costume…now that is a whole different story. I’m not sure whether to think it’s comical or sexy.”
“Hopefully we’re going with the latter, or I may never wear it again.”
“Then we will,” Jessica said quickly, chuckling under her breath. It wasn’t the first laugh she had gotten out of seeing him dress up. “So, are the two of you ready for dinner?”
“Dinner? I thought it was my turn to cook tonight.”
“It is, but the two of you were having so much fun, I decided to just order pizza.”
“With what money? You know I don’t get paid until tomorrow.”
“I decided to use some of my own spending money.”
“You didn’t have to…”
“It’s okay, hero,” she laughed as she playfully punched his arm. “If things get too sticky, we’ll just have you  rob a bank.”
“Ha-ha.”
“Ready to eat then?”
“Of course. Just let me ask you a question first. You and Hunter didn’t plan a scenario for me around dinner, did you? Because last time we had pizza, I had to determine which of the slices had been “poisoned.” I chose wrong, and I ended up having laxatives for dinner instead of sausage. It wasn’t a fun night.”
“It was his birthday. He asked me to do that instead of buying him a present, and you know how money is tight.”
“So I get poisoned?”
“They were laxatives, remember? Don’t be so dramatic.”
“You know, someday I’m going to suggest to Hunter that you play the damsel in distress. Have you tied up somewhere.”
“And I would tease you for months afterwards, because we both know you wouldn’t save me.”
“Ouch. What are you saying? I’m not so good at the superhero game?”
“No. I’m saying that your son is a better villain than you are a hero.”
“Wow, you are on a roll tonight.”
“I try,” she winked as she walked back inside the house. Connor smirked and shook his head, wondering what else the night laid in store…



There was no poison in the pizza, at least from what he could see. Last time he had pointed out the strange looking toppings sitting upon the cheese but his family assured him that the composition was just perfect. Today, everything appeared well in order and as he sat in his comfortable chair with a fresh t-shirt and a new pair of khakis on, he couldn’t be happier. 
Then the doorbell rang. 
Reluctantly, Jessica put down her slice, wiped her lips with a napkin and walked down the hall from the dining room to the front door. Connor could hear some muffled conversation and intermittent silence strewn in, but he had no reason to worry. The next door neighbor, though living a half a mile away, usually stopped by while walking his dog to discuss current events and they had started dinner earlier than usual. There was absolutely nothing to worry about.
“Matt,” Jessica said as she walked into the dining room. “We have a visitor.”
Connor was immediately tense. She only referred to him as “Matt,” the first half of his last name, when there was a situation in which caution was the utmost importance. Usually it happened when he was about to display his powers, without any knowledge that someone was watching nearby. Once she said it at a Laundromat when he was about to congratulate a rather obese woman on her pregnancy. But this was none of those times. And when he saw the visitor appear behind her, he knew that it was going to be an long night.
“Hello, brother,” the visitor said politely, a twinge of excitement in his voice. “I’m happy to see you.”
“Sean,” Connor replied, extending a hand out for him to shake. Sean accepted it and nodded toward an empty seat at the head of the table. Connor and Jess always sat next to each other in the middle with Hunter opposite of them. 
“Sit, please,” Connor said. “We ordered pizza. Hope you’re hungry.”
“I see,” Sean said, rubbing his hands together and sitting down. “What kinds?”
“Hamburger. Some pepperoni on half of the second.”
“Stuff crust?”
“No. Not tonight.”
“Ah, one could hope, can’t they?”
Sean reached forward and grabbed a slice of hamburger. Hunter cautiously handed him a paper plate, to which Sean nodded in thanks and began devouring his meal. Jessica sat down next to her husband and continued to stare over at Hunter. Hunter was glaring at his never before seen uncle with fascination, but upon seeing his mom’s gaze from the corner of his eye, he realized the message she was trying to send. He cleared his throat.
“Well, I have homework to do,” he replied, shuffling his chair back. “Excuse me.”
“But you didn’t finish your pizza,” Sean replied. “And besides, don’t you know who I am?”
“I can guess, from what you said to my dad.”
“And that doesn’t interest you?”
“Not really. Dad never mentioned he had a brother, so…either you’re lying. Or, Dad had a good reason to never bring you up.”
“And what could that possibly be? Huh, Connor?”
Sean chewed his pizza loudly as he glared at his brother. Connor’s eyes looked back at him with little emotion or interest. He simply shrugged and grabbed another slice.
“Well, that’s just rude,” Sean cackled as he took another bite. “Anyways, your parents and I have to talk, so I guess we’ll catch up later.”
“Nice to meet you,” Hunter muttered as Sean nodded. Hunter immediately evacuated the room but he hid right in earshot of their conversation. This uncle of his was huge, even bigger than his dad, and he did have the same dark hair and the same soft face that turned angular at the right places. He had his dad’s looks for sure, but, he also had scars, and it looked like his face was constantly dirty, like it had been beaten and worn from countless skirmishes. And the trench coat didn’t make him appear any less scary. If this man had come to fight his father, then it wouldn’t be a breeze. Hopefully his dad’s training would pay off…
“Cute kid,” Sean muttered between bites. “A little too brave for his own good though.”
“What makes you say that?” Jessica asked.
“Oh, just that he saw how big I was, and all the scars I got over the years and he wasn’t even intimidated. As if he had no reason to fear me.”
“He doesn’t,” Connor said firmly as he stared hard into his brother’s eyes.
“Doesn’t he, Connor?”
“If you’re referring to the little play fights we had when we were younger, then no, he has nothing to worry about. Even then, I was holding back.”
“My, you are confident,” Sean snapped, throwing the half-eaten slice onto his plate. He turned his attention to Jessica. “Let me ask you a question. Did Connor ever tell you about our childhood?”
“Yes,” she said, unsure of where the conversation was going.
“Everything?”
“Yes.”
“Then you know what I’m capable of.”
“I do.”
“And you still didn’t invite me to the wedding?”
“I didn’t have your address,” she replied low.
Sean kept his eyes fixed on her for a moment, and then he burst into fits of laughter, slapping the table which groaned under his might.
“I knew you wouldn’t just marry anyone, Connor. Boy, I like this one! Far better than your first wife.”
He turned suddenly back to Jessica on this revelation, but her gaze remained vigilant. Her face didn’t budge an  iota.
“Wow,” Sean remarked. “You did tell her everything…you know what that means then.”
“Jess,” Connor said firmly. “Please grab Connor and leave the house. Don’t say where you’re going.”
“No need, brother,” Sean replied. “I came for you, not them. And if you come with me, I promise to leave them be. Obviously she can keep her mouth shut about the family’s secrets so there’s no need to kill her, or your offspring. I mean, you can’t find good companionship like that these days. Maybe when we’re done, I’ll make her my second wife and Hunter can be my apprentice.”
Connor was as solid as a wall and refused to entertain Sean’s verbal jabs.
“No reply, brother?”
“I let my fists do the talking when it comes to you,” Connor replied. Sean laughed under his breath.
“So, why did you invite me in if you knew it would come to this?”
“I didn’t. Jessica did, because she knew to get you in the room with me where everything would be under control. I offered you my pizza because I hoped you came for a friendly visit, but apparently you are still under the old man’s influence.”
“Yadda, yadda, yadda. Whatever, Connor. Just remember that you knew this day was coming. You had your time to be selfish. Now, we ask for you to embrace your destiny, or step aside for another.”
“You mean don’t interfere when the old man’s plans go through.”
“Exactly.”
“So he finally got them together, after all these years…I thought he was all talk.”
“You did, brother. No one else. We saw the light.”
“A light that burned your very conscience.”
“Say whatever’s on your mind, baby brother. But let me ask you, are we leaving, or are we going to settle this right here in your dining room?”
“No, we’ll go.”
Connor got up from the table as Jessica ran over and clutched his arm.
“Connor, don’t go,” she said. “This is ridiculous. This isn’t some battle for the fate of the world. It’s just your brother. Decline, and he’ll have to leave our property.”
“Jess,” Connor said solemnly. “You don’t understand…this might as well be a fight for the planet. If my father sent him, nothing short of death or agonizing defeat will stop this.”
“He could be lying, just trying to challenge you after all these  years!”
“I’m sorry, Jess.”
“Stop calling me Jess! You only call me that when you’re upset!”
“He has to go, Mom,” Hunter declared, entering the room. “This is what we’ve been training for. A day like this.”
“Son, will you wait for me to come home?” Connor asked him and his son smiled.
“Of course, Dad.”
“It’s a school night!” Jessica yelled and Connor pulled her to his chest and embraced her.
“I’m letting him stay up because he won’t be able to sleep anyways. Not until I come home and we can celebrate.”
“No, Connor!”
“I have to go now, Jess.”
“Stop! No! I – I’ll make you breakfast! Which means I’ll have to get up really early! You know how much I hate that! But I’ll do it! I’ll make those pancakes tomorrow and buy organic syrup. I’ll make it a special occasion and spend the money. I don’t care. Just…just don’t do this!”
Jessica broke down in tears and wrapped her arms around her husband, kissing his face furiously between sobs. Connor remained still, trying not to be swayed by her offer. He simply watched Sean, who was viewing the displays of affection with interest. 
“I’m sorry, Jess. We both knew this day could come.”
“But why now? We’re so happy!”
“And we will be happier. There is no way that –“
“- that’s enough,” Sean cut in, grabbing his brother’s shoulder and chucking him out the dining room wall. Connor had been caught off guard so badly that he couldn’t even catch himself. He went spiraling through two other walls before he fell outside, skidding through the grass and dirt of their front lawn. Mr. Henderson just happened to be walking up the steps with his Yorkshire terrier when it all happened. With wide eyes and a trembling mouth, Mr. Henderson barely managed to instinctively ring the doorbell. Connor climbed to his feet in a second and disappeared the moment he saw Mr. Henderson blink. As he flew behind the house, he heard his wife mention something about “repairs” to him. He tried not to laugh. There was no time for it. 
Sean was right behind him, keeping a distance between them Connor knew his brother could go faster than he was so he had to be letting him lead – to where the battle would occur. Connor knew the perfect place, but he wasn’t sure if Sean had the patience. 
“Follow me,” Connor said, flexing his muscles and taking their flight even further into the atmosphere. Sean smirked and obeyed but Connor knew better than to feel safe. This was Sean he was dealing with. 
“How long until we get there?” Sean called out from below, amplifying his voice to ensure he was heard. Connor ignored him, fighting for precious miles. Only five more minutes and…
“That’s far enough,” Sean said as he appeared in front of his brother. Connor stopped and hovered, waiting for the first strike.
“Last chance, brother,” Sean said. “Will you embrace your destiny and join us?”
“Of course not,” Connor laughed. “Death sounds more appealing.”
“Then death you shall have.”

The first part of the Champion Collection is now available for FREE.




An Excerpt From
The Weather Brothers Collection

“And that’s when I set him on fire.”
“The viewers don’t really want to talk about that,” Melissa said assuredly as she waved a hand towards her cameraman, signaling she wanted him to cut. Johnson took the contraption of his shoulder and started fiddling around with the settings. It didn’t matter if everything was digital nowadays. Filming, and especially making a documentary was never a straightforward project, and Melissa was particularly fickle. But, he knew her long enough to know when she wanted something to be erased from the raw footage. Violence had never been an interest of hers and hearing her subject talk about setting people on fire wasn’t going to survive the cutting room floor. Best to just scrap the conversation now and get ready for another take. 
“Can you roll back the film?” Melissa asked him but he gave her a firm smirk, signaling that he already had. She patted him on the shoulder lightly.
“I love you, Johnson.”
“Uh-huh,” he muttered as he launched the monstrosity back onto his right shoulder. Besides her atrocious tendency to tape over footage and leave nothing left for review, she was always saying how much she loved people. If it wasn’t for the fact he realized this a few days after they had met, he might have let himself develop feelings for her. Standing at five foot nothing and being a faithful shopper of all things fashion, curly dyed black hair and perfectly tanned skin accenting her emerald green eyes, she was beyond cute, and he had to admit that the first time she said she loved him, it had caught him off guard. For one second, he actually thought he had a chance with her.
And occasionally, the thought would re-surface.
That maybe they could have a future together that extended beyond professional.
But not today though. 
He simply had no chance standing next to the Weather Brothers. 
“If you’re worried about fire, why are you standing next to the heat?” Benjamin Weather laughed heartily through a thick Irish accent, his muscles simply refusing to budge. Most people would have shaken jollily, but not this man. He was built like a truck. 
Johnson patted his paunch  idly, nearly dropping the camera due to the loss of stability. Melissa didn’t miss a beat, turning around and glaring at him as he blushed and readjusted the equipment. Guess she didn’t love him anymore...
“Where’s your brother, Benjamin?” Melissa asked, surveying the land. She wiped a hand over her forehead as she kept the microphone steady in the other. How were they going to ask her to meet them in the blazing heat, on the top of some random grassy knoll, and one of them had the audacity to be late?
“He’ll be here before you know it, lass.”
“Do you mind refraining from calling me that? I have a reputation to uphold.”
“Sorry about that, Miss,” Benjamin chuckled and gave a quick bow. “Force of habit.”
“You mean the fact that you and your brother have a reputation of your own. A show, to be more precise. As entertainers, you have to maintain your act at all times in the public eye.”
“My mother couldn’t have put it any better, Ms…what is your last name again?”
“You can just call me Melissa.”
“Not being too friendly, are we?”
“Can we just stick to the interview?” Melissa sighed as she wiped more perspiration from her forehead. Johnson gave a sly smirk behind the veil of his large camera. Melissa didn’t care how big a suitor’s muscles were. After all, everyone that asked her out on a date had those. Therefore her requirements for a night on the town included money and not just a cute face. A cute face, Benjamin had, but money? Not really.
“Okay, okay,” Benjamin laughed, rubbing his massive bare chest. “What do you want to know?”
“Why don’t you tell me how this all began?”
“Well, when I was a wee baby, I used to enjoy the solids even over my mother’s milk. Was numbing on steak before I had teeth. Didn’t matter though. I had a taste for the –“
“- Johnson, you’re not filming, are you?”
“No, Melissa,” Johnson replied. “You didn’t give me the word.”
“Sorry about that, Benjamin,” Melissa stated, turning to her subject. “We’ll have to start over. Let me rephrase the question…how did you and your brother begin this business of bounty hunting and posting the outcome on the internet? You’ve had over a couple million views on YouTube, over half of that in friends on Facebook, and that’s not even touching the extensive blog that Samuel updates on a daily basis. Basically, you two have become a reporter’s dream in only a few short months. What gave you the idea to start this endeavor?”
“It’s simple, Miss. Though I don’t want to give the man credit…listen, if I tell you, you sure you won’t mention this in the film?”
“I promise. This is off the record. We’ll edit the final product so that your inspiration isn’t specifically named.”
“Good, good,” Benjamin nodded. “Well, it’s that skinny costumed freak that’s been on the tele these past few months. You know the one. Claims he’s the savior of the world or something like that.”
“Oh!” Melissa perked up. “You mean Champion!”
“Yes, that tiny bloke,” Benjamin said as his nose wrinkled in disgust. “He doesn’t even have an e-mail to reach him, yet every news station on the planet’s trying to become his best friend. We were the first to start fighting these monsters that’s been popping up. He comes on the scene and trashes a building and all of a sudden, everyone’s weeping over him like he’s the next boy band. It’s ridiculous.”
Melissa had no follow up questions, which was very unlike her, but Johnson knew the truth. Before she asked the Weather Brothers if she didn’t mind them being in a documentary, she had searched high and low for the Champion, but he was known for staying out of the spotlight as much as he could. So, she settled for second tier, much to Johnson’s relief. Champion definitely had a face that made the ladies swoon.
“Well, anyways, we decided to take on a special case for this film. Hope you got your health insurance in order. You might need it before the day is through.”
“Yes, I’ve signed the waiver your brother provided.”
“That piece of junk?” Benjamin snickered. “Might as well been written in crayon. Did you read what it actually said on the paper? He might have contracted you into a date with the fool.”
“Been spitting lies behind my back, eh, baby brother?” Samuel Weather replied as he stepped out from below the hill. Like his brother, he was enormous, except he didn’t have searing cracks and canyons all over his body. Except for a foot long slash that extended from the crown of his matted hair to the tip of his collarbone, he was basically scar free, and a lot more handsome to boot. 
“You would know a lot about spitting, wouldn’t you Samuel? That’s all you do when you open your mouth. It’s no wonder the weatherman didn’t forecast rain.”
“Maybe you should start carrying around an umbrella. At least then you can cover your ugly mug when you’re in the presence of a lady.”
“You’re one to talk,” Benjamin snapped at him. “I have a lady vying for my arm every night while you sit all day in front of a computer, logging in chat rooms, stalking naïve little girls who believe you’re some rich gentleman with his own castle.”
“You make me sound like I’m a predator when you’re the one lurking in the shadows like the phantom of the opera because you make old ladies cry when you’re on the street.”
“Oh is that how it’s going to be, now? You old boot. You’re so blind that you wouldn’t know the difference between a lady and a tree if you ever saw one.”
“I can see quite better than you, even with one eye. Besides, I don’t need to see when I’m with a lady if my hands do the talking.”
“You perverted scallywag! You sly rascal! You know I don’t have a comeback to that one?”
“It’s why you’re my baby brother. Still got some schooling to be had before you beat the best.”
The two brothers hugged suddenly, embracing each other like they had been separated for years. 
“Seriously, Samuel. What kept you?”
“Met a girl in the coffee shop over on Amsterdam road. A real sweetheart. Had a chat with her over Skype.”
“Do you have a picture for your family?”
“No, brother. But I’m supposed to be chatting with her tonight. I can enlarge her profile pic and you can get a good idea of what you’ll be jealous about.”
“No need, brother. I have a fine lass waiting to become my misses right in front of us.”
“Oh, my,” Samuel said, acknowledging Melissa for the first time. “Is this your girlfriend, Benji?”
“We are not dating,” Melissa said firmly. “I just met him today.”
“Well, he does have a tendency to spit lies. A curse put upon him since the day he was born.”
“Don’t talk about me like I have a condition, Sammy. You’ll scare her off.”
“The lady has already made it clear she has no desire to share face time with you, Benjamin.”
“Boys, can we begin now?” Melissa said. Johnson could tell that she was losing her patience fast. And no one liked an angry beautiful woman in the middle of the hot sun. He’s seen it too many times before. It’s how people got sued.
“What’s Benjamin told ya?” Samuel replied, brushing an idle hand through his black hair.
“Not much. Can you tell me what we’re doing here today?” Melissa signaled for Johnson to continue recording.
“Well, you know that fool, Champion? Well, back when he was seen for the second time in Kenai City, he faced off against a guy that creamed him.”
“CREAMED!” Benjamin chipped in.
“Champion didn’t stand a chance. Of course, no one talks about that. They gush over the speech he gave at the Oblivion building. Well, the guy he let go is still running free. We’re bringing him in.”
“You mean the criminal known as Fence.”
“The one and only.”
“Wow,” Melissa said in awe. This was even better than expected. Not only were the Weather Brothers quickly gaining worldwide attention due to their quirky attitudes and abilities to apprehend the strongest out there, but they were to go toe to toe with Fence, the one man that everyone knew Champion couldn’t beat. No one talked about it because they loved the hero, but everyone still wished they could see a showdown between the two again. The best anyone captured was a grainy video from someone’s cell phone. Sure, it was only thirty seconds long, and most was of it was blurry due to the hero’s speed, but it was still one of the most watched videos…ever.
“Can I ask you two a touchy question?” 
“Sure, go ahead, Miss.” Samuel replied. Melissa cleared her throat.
“How are the two of you going to contend with someone like Fence? From what we’ve all seen in the videos, you manage to use your strength to subdue your opponents, but by comparison, they’ve all been rather…petty. I don’t see how you can defeat someone of Fence’s caliber.”
“Well,” Samuel winked. “Let’s just say that we have a trick up our sleeves.”
“We didn’t want to reveal this until the right time,” Benjamin added solemnly. “But a documentary of our strength is perfect opportunity.”
“So you’re telling me there’s more that the home audience hasn’t seen?”
“Of course!” Benjamin exclaimed. “We didn’t want to show off our powers because we would’ve been experimented on as kids. Why do you think Champion waited so long to show off his?”
“So you have powers?” Melissa said. Johnson could see she was getting more and more excited with every passing moment. 
“More than that chump, Champion,” Samuel laughed, folding his arms.
“How did you get these powers?”
“Now that’s for another day,” Benjamin whispered, moving in closer towards her. “Why don’t we discuss this over a date?”
“Not happening,” Melissa muttered. “Sorry.”
“Well, now, I didn’t say I wouldn’t give you a good show in return. How about we make it interesting?”
“Brother…” Samuel muttered. “Don’t say anything stupid.”
“Just following your example, Sammy.”
“I can tell when you’re about to say something stupid. The smell comes right from your brain and out your ears.”
“Listen, Mel,” Benjamin said, motioning for Melissa to move in closer. She didn’t budge. “How about we beat up and take down Fence in five minutes. We do that. I get a date.”
“Beat him in three and you’ll get a kiss.”
“How about a wedding if I do it in a minute?”
“You do it in a minute and I’ll have your children.”
“Don’t get much better than that, bro,” Samuel laughed. 
“Can I ask my brother to help or is this by myself?” 
“By yourself, of course,” Melissa declared. “I won’t marry you if you cheat.”
“Fine, love,” he nodded. “Samuel, when we meet Fence, you stay out of it.”
“Will do, baby bro.”
“So, are we ready to find this guy?”
“You’re up, gentlemen,” Melissa replied in amusement. “Show the world what you can do.”
The Weather Brothers flexed their pectoral muscles and started strutting in unison, marching forward to the forest just below the hill. Thankfully, it wasn’t as dense as it appeared on the outside, giving the brothers plenty of room to push branches and even trees themselves to the side. Although it was the midst of summer, somehow this forest remained dead. The sunlight still shone through, but no plant life emerged. No flowers or budding plants, birds chirping or insects crawling. The whole forest was a walking “no trespassing” sign.
“Is this where Fence can be found?” Melissa asked. Johnson never stopped looking over his shoulder.
“It took a lot of money and bribing for the information,” Samuel said. “But eventually we found an acquaintance of his that said he lived out here in the woods. A sorry home if you ask me.”
“Don’t say much about his combat skills,” Benjamin replied as they walked over some leaves. Melissa noticed that the brothers weren’t even trying to be quiet. They walked with a confidence she had never seen before in the face of such danger. Even she was wary about their trek through the woods. If this was indeed Fence’s home, there was no way they could escape without someone getting hurt. It didn’t matter what waiver they signed. Most of the Weather Brothers’ targets were small-time thieves and petty criminals with powers so small, they posed no real threat to anyone. Sure, the fact they had powers made their job a little more dangerous than a police officer’s but to her knowledge, they had never faced a villain with this amount of strength.
“So what’s the plan when we find him?” Johnson whispered. Apparently he had been thinking the same thing Melissa had. The brothers were out of their league.
“We smash his face in,” Benjamin replied loudly, his accent echoing beyond the trees.
“Shouldn’t we keep it down?” Melissa said. “Wouldn’t it be best if you take Fence by surprise?”
“What would be the fun in that, lass?” Samuel chuckled. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of a wee man like that. My left bicep’s bigger than his whole head.”
“It’s not his muscles I’m worried about. It’s those chains of his.”
“You know, brother,” Benjamin said as he kicked over a tree stump. “If this man can shoot a load of chains out his body, I wonder why he don’t just call himself Chains or something like that. It sounds a lot cooler than Fence.”
“Way better,” Samuel laughed. “Fence makes me think of the white picket kind, with a little pup frolicking in the grass and whatnot. Meadows and sunshine.”
“Rainbows and dandelions swaying in the breeze.”
“Ay. A little butterfly landing on your nose.”
“He probably recites poetry in the woods when no one’s looking.”
“Takes baths by candlelight in the streams.”
“Maybe that’s why everything’s dead.”
The brothers laughed and patted each other on the back as a sudden crack of a whip boomed from far away. They cut their play short but the smirks on their faces never left the area.
“Sounds like we found our prey, brother,” Samuel said. “Maybe he heard our jabs.”
“When he meets us face to face, I’ll have a different variety for him. Mixed bag.”
“That’s the spirit, brother. But remember your deal with the lady. We want you good and married before the day is through. Take him down quicker than a ladies’ rejection of ya.”
“What are you doing here?” a voice called from up above. The four of them raised their heads to see their target, hanging in the air by four extended chains that sunk deep into the trees beside him. It was undeniable that this was Fence. His burly figure. His dirty and ragged visage. The colossal chains that shot out from his back, ending with a sharp blade at the tip of each one. From Melissa’s research, she heard that the blades could split into three parts, creating a claw like contraption to burrow deep into his enemies. And he could shoot out thousands of chains from his body at will. And no one could forget his speed. No one has seen Champion fight at his best, but at least in the video, one could see that he wasn’t as quick as this monster. Fence was truly a force to be reckoned with. And her only protection were the two playful men standing next to her. What had she gotten herself into?
“I think we should back off,” Johnson suggested to Melissa. “You know, get a good vantage point…for the fight.”
“Yeah,” she said in awe, staring in horror as two more chains erupted from Fence’s spine and planted itself into a tree in back of him, providing more support for his body.
“We’ll maintain a safe distance,” Johnson said to Benjamin who just nodded in reply. Samuel placed a meaty hand on the cameraman’s free shoulder.
“Run back to the hills and plains, my friend. The lighting is better there, and I promise that we’ll still give you a good show.”
“C’mon, Melissa,” Johnson said, tapping her on the shoulder. “Best to listen to their advice.”
“Fine,” she said, turning to Benjamin. “But don’t even think about wearing him down before you bring the fight to the plain. You get to hit him one time to knock him where we’re at, and then the bell starts. One minute. That’s all you get.”
“Yes. Yes. I remember,” he replied. “We’ll give you a twenty second  head start. Get going, lass.”
Melissa and Johnson wasted no more time. They broke out in a full-on sprint, rushing through the trees as Samuel began the count. Johnson shook his head as he placed the camera under his arm. What were those two going to do?
As if they heard Johnson’s very thoughts, a large boom shock waved through the treetops and a powerful wind erupted across the forest floor. A wave of leaves, debris and bark slammed against Melissa and Johnson’s back, propelling them off their feet and outside the confines of the forest. Sprawling head over heels, they skidded against the plain, creating their own lines in the grass and dirt. When they finally stopped rolling, Johnson jumped to his feet.
“WHAT WAS THAT?”
“Johnson…” Melissa said weakly. “Where’s the camera?”
“Wha-“ Johnson knew the answer immediately. Looking only slightly to his right, he could see that at some point the camera had left his body and rolled along the ground just like they. It was now broken into chunks. He didn’t even bother inspecting the pieces. There was no salvaging it. 
“Looks like we’ll have to take in this fight with eyes only,” Johnson replied. Melissa unbuttoned the top of her blouse and took the headband out of her hair.
“Then there’s no point in being professional anymore. Do you have any idea what that was?”
“It was us, lass,” a voice called out from the tree line. “Look over to your left!”
The two glanced over and began stepping backwards over what they saw. 
It was Fence.
He was on one knee, climbing to his feet.
And he was not happy.
“You dare come to my house,” Fence muttered, “and hit me in the face, AND EXPECT FOR ME TO LET YOU LEAVE HERE ALIVE!”
Johnson and Melissa stared in shock as Fence climbed to his feet. The Weather Brothers had hit him…but how?
“Just let me know when the bell starts, lass!” Benjamin cried out, stepping out into view. Melissa could hardly believe what she saw. It was definitely Benjamin…but his entire body was engulfed in flames. Except…it appeared as if he wasn’t being burned at all. He just smiled from beneath the raging fire, walking forward with that same confidence he displayed earlier. 
Behind him, Samuel emerged. Nothing out of the ordinary stood out except for one thing: his muscles had grown exponentially. Nearly bursting out of its skin, his arms, chest and legs bulged at disturbing widths. With every step he took, his limbs rubbed together, but he still kept striding towards them, smirking like he had already won the battle.
“Are you going to finish him off, baby brother?” Samuel asked. “Because my legs are chafing together and my skin’s begging to feel like you look.”
“Maybe you should do more squats then, Sammy. Then when you transform your body, there would be more than just fat keeping your torso steady.”
“Not everyone gets a fire to burn the calories, Benji.”
“GUYS!!!!” Melissa screamed as Fence went on the offensive. Displaying his naturally impressive speed, he ran forward with a blade extending out from his fist. Benjamin remained still, letting the blade get dangerously close when Melissa cried out once more.
“BELL! DING!”
Benjamin smirked and lunged forward, catching Fence off guard and grabbing his face in one swoop. With his massive, flame engulfed hand, Benjamin threw Fence backwards, searing his face at the same time. Fence used a couple chains from his legs to plow into the ground like anchors and stop his flight. But Benjamin was wasting no time. Just as Fence stopped himself, he was already behind him, punching his back with all the force he could muster, using his flames to add on more pain. Fence cried out in rage and began sending hundreds of chains from his back at Benjamin, but he managed to dodge them all. Increasing the intensity of his flames, Benjamin caught each chain, burning every chain that came his way on impact. Moving even faster than Fence could manage, it took only half a minute for him to burn out every single chain that came his way. With nothing left emerging, he began punching Fence with his all his might, hitting his ribs and stomach like a punching bag. 
After one last powerful haymaker to the face, Fence was sent flying over to Samuel. Samuel raised a hand to slap their prey away but Benjamin shouted out for his brother to leave him alone. Samuel raised both hands, letting Fence plow into a number of trees before he skidded into a pile of dead branches. Face down in the dirt, he barely looked like he was still breathing. Benjamin smiled and willingly turned off his flames, dissipating as if the fire was composed of nothing but air. He walked over to Melissa and gave a short bow.
“My lady,” he said. “If you would do me the honor, I would like to make an honest woman out of ya.”
“That was less than a minute, wasn’t it?”
“By God’s clock, yes,” Benjamin replied. “What do you  say?”
“I say that Fence is getting up as we speak. Though you still have time to secure the date.”
“What?”
Benjamin turned around and huffed as he saw Fence climb to his feet. Samuel stood a few yards from him, shrugging his shoulders. Benjamin began walking forward as he called out to his brother.
“You know, you could have hit him in the head when the lady wasn’t looking. Then you’d be an uncle before the week was out.”
“Ew,” Melissa said abruptly. Johnson just chuckled as he took in the situation. As powerful as Fence was, Benjamin was far more. Taken by surprise or not, there was no way Fence should have been subdued so…easily. Where were these freaks coming from?
“You told me to leave him alone, baby brother,” Samuel replied. “Are you saying that you want your elder to step in for ya?”
“No, no,” Benjamin retorted. “I thought you would’ve figured it out on your own is all. Well, now that marriage and little Benjis are off the table, why don’t we take care of this together?”
“It’s what we do best.”
“Ridiculous,” Fence muttered from the side, grunting as he climbed slowly to his feet. The Weather Brothers stretched their necks to the side in unison and balled up their fists, ready for round two. Melissa called out from a safe distance as they waited for their foe to completely rise.
“Is that all the powers you have?” Melissa called out, “or do you have more like Champion?”
“You mean does Champion have more like us?” Samuel answered back and then turned to his brother. “Geez, why do we have to compared to him. Shouldn’t it be the other way around? I mean, the guy couldn’t even take down a scrub like this one.”
“We have loads more,” Benjamin called over. “We’re not called the Weather Brothers just because of our last names. Our powers are tied to it. Sammy’s all about the day and  night. During the day, he becomes a walking tank, able to pick up a building with his bare hands and roll it across the ground like a game o’ bowling gone wrong.”
“And Benji…” Samuel laughed. “Well, Benji’s tied to the climate and things of that nature. If it’s hot outside, he can make fire. If it’s cold, he makes water, and so on. Hail, strong winds, rain…different powers for every situation. He’s a walking jack in the box.”
“You mean jack of all trades, brother.”
“What I say?”
“Jack in the box, brother. Like the chicken.”
“Well, you look like a piece of fried chicken. No wonder I get confused. Face needs more lotion than a crocodile’s back.”
“You’re supposed to put moisturizer on your face, brother. Doesn’t clog the pores like lotion does. If you’re going to insult me, at least get it right. Besides, I meant the toy, not the chicken. That’s why your legs rub together. You eat all that fried stuff, you start gaining muffin tops and rolly muscles. You are what you eat, Sammy.”
“Then you should mind those foods as well, Benji. It’s horrible being behind you when you got your flames blasting at full and you got the bubble guts. You start passing gas and more than the bad guys start dying.”
“You’re really going to discuss my flatulence in front of the lady?”
“Well, you called me fat. That’s not too good for the self-esteem if you ask me.”
“It’s only because I want to see you healthy, Sammy boy. You’re not getting any younger.”
“ARE YOU TWO DONE?” Fence roared as he began strutting forward, blades in each hand as over a thousand chains began erupting from his body. Extending high into the sky, they almost blocked the sun itself, casting an ominous shade over the brothers. Sammy sucked his teeth in irritation.
“The real question is, are you done? You took like five minutes to get up. What were we supposed to do? We get bored and we start insulting each other.”
“Now, don’t say that, brother,” Benjamin shushed him. “We started jabbing at each other earlier when the lady was around. What’s that say about my future wife?”
“That she’s as boring as your receding hairline.”
“Now, that’s a low blow, Sammy. You know I try my best to take care of it. And I don’t appreciate you insulting your sister-in-law.”
“Well, she is a little boring. Who wears a black shirt in the middle of the blazing sun?”
“You would, brother. It’s the only way you can make yourself look slimmer.”
“Are you really bringing up my weight again? I thought -“
Samuel cut his words short as Benjamin suddenly went flying from where they stood. Fence had balled up fifty of his iron chains into a fist and had sucker punched the younger brother while they were distracted. Benjamin kept flying back but he activated his flames as he flew, ready to retaliate as soon as he landed.
“So,” Fence said as his chains hovered above Samuel in the air. “Why don’t you get big?”
“Maybe I don’t need to,” Samuel declared boldly.
“Or you can’t,” Fence said flatly. “I heard all that day and night stuff. I figure you can’t go big when you’re under darkness. So what’s your power now, big man?”
“I knew we’d get you talking once we loosened your jaw,” Samuel said, standing still.
“And I’ll do my best to close yours.”
Fence shot ten chains forward and Samuel, still smaller than his previous state, began dodging them, rolling on the ground and ducking as each swung by his head. Fence laughed as he let his body rise, a number of chains providing support under his feet. With him hanging in the air, it would be a lot harder for Samuel to reach him. Samuel huffed and charged his opponent, gripping a couple chains and beginning to climb upwards to where he could hit the soft spots. Fence shot the chains out of Samuel’s hands and sent thirty more to greet him. Samuel was in mid-air when the chains hit, blades extended. They plunged through his chest and continued extending forward as they plowed him through a nearby hill, deep into the ground. 
Fence grit his teeth as he looked around for the younger brother. It was good that he did, for Benjamin, flames and all, had somehow flanked him. Fence managed to dodge one blazing fist, but couldn’t escape the other. Benjamin hit him while he was in the air and the blow rocked him back, causing his body to teeter like a timbering tree. Benjamin landed on a couple of Fence’s anchored chains and jumped back up, hitting his opponent as hard as he could. Finally, Fence let the anchors go and they both fell to the destroyed grass. 
Fence fired off his chains like bullets and Benjamin kept them at bay, using his fists like flaming mitts, catching each chain one at a time and once again turning them into ash. Seeing his tactic wasn’t working, Fence brought a hundred more chains from his back as he continued the barrage from the front. His back chains extended high into the air, over Benjamin’s head, and looped around to hit the younger brother from behind. Benjamin divided his assault, using one fist to defend his front and the other for his back. But Fence was no amateur. He could tell the younger brother was losing momentum, and his chain production was endless. As long as he willed it, more ammunition would come. 
Benjamin cried out as a sole blade managed to plow through his right leg. It was all Fence needed. Every chain under his will descended upon the younger brother like a blanket, aiming to pierce every pore of his foe’s body. Even with his flames at maximum, Benjamin couldn’t burn every chain at once, and a few hit their mark, cutting through his skin and into his bones. 
Benjamin grit his teeth in more anger than agony as he began searing off the blades that stuck out through his body. Just as one blade swiped at his neck, Samuel returned. Though it was obvious he had been horribly wounded by Fence’s attacks, his tank-like body had definitely made a comeback. He chipped away at as many chains as he could with his bare hands, giving Benjamin some freedom, whom in turn began shooting the flames from his hands, keeping a number of stray chains at bay. Side by side, they burned and chopped away at Fence’s attacks until he had no choice but to back off,  less the brothers get too close to a crippling blow. 
“What happened to you, brother?” Benjamin huffed as he seared off his gaping wounds.
“Put me in the dark,” Samuel sighed. “Took away my strength. Then he put me underground. Only more darkness.”
“Yeah, but don’t your senses get stronger in the dark? You should still be able to see his attacks coming.”
“I did, but he had too many of those chains coming out of him. It’s insane. I can see why Cham-“
“Don’t you say it, brother!” Benjamin snapped. “I’ll shut your mouth with my bare hands before you can finish the name.”
“Well, we need to put an end to this. He’s making us look bad.”
“True, brother. Then let’s get serious.”
“Is the wind strong enough, Benji?”
“It will do. I can’t do anything fancy. But get me an opening and I’ll finish the job.”
Fence sent out a thousand chains to meet the brothers, extending out in all directions to catch them off guard. Benjamin ran forward, using his fire to keep his front safe while Samuel defended his back. When they were only a few yards from Fence’s center, Benjamin screamed out to his brother.
“NOW, SAMMY!”
Samuel increased the size of his muscles to their limit and leapt with Benjamin into the air toward Fence’s torso. Samuel used his body to defend Benjamin’s right side as the younger brother’s flames evaporated into the air from one side to the other. Benjamin kept his left side defended with the last of his fire as he called upon a new power from his right arm.
With the wind surging through his pores, a blade appeared, similar in structure to Fence’s. With it, he parried the chains that longed to attack his front. Neither brother managed to defend their back, figuring that since Fence had to extend his chains over them to target that area, they had a couple precious seconds of freedom.
And in those few seconds, a lot happened.
Benjamin’s fire disappeared while a second blade arrived.
Samuel shielded the right.
Benjamin parried the left and the front.
And together, they lunged forward.
Swiping away the last of the chains in his way, Benjamin managed to pierce the blade in his right hand, directly into Fence’s chest. Samuel fell to the ground, having come up against the top of their lunge, leaving Benjamin all alone, hanging onto the sword that lay deep in Fence’s chest.
Fence laughed as he began pushing the blade out slowly with one of his internal chains, but Benjamin didn’t care. He gave a short chuckle of his own, throwing Fence into confusion.
And then he turned on the flames.
With the blade being a part of him, and that part plunged into Fence’s body…it was easy to put the blade on fire, precisely where Fence would feel the most pain…
Inside of him.
As Fence roared in agony, Benjamin increased the pressure within the fire, kindling it with his will. There was no way he was going to let go until this guy was well into unconsciousness. 
Fence held on for nearly a minute, using every one of his internal chains to block major damage to his organs or line up against his skin and nerves to minimize the burns. But eventually, even he had to succumb to the hurt, and as he fell…in his last moments of being awake, he looked Benjamin in the eyes and cursed him. 
Fence crashed to the ground in a face forward slump, only driving the blade further into his chest. He was far from dead, but the brothers didn’t care. They had won the battle.
“HEY!” Benjamin screamed over to the two spectators. “What time is it?”
“Quarter past six,” Johnson said, checking his watch. “Took about ten minutes.”
“AW!” Benjamin yelled to the skies. “That was far too long.”
“It was an impressive show,” Melissa said, walking up to the beaten brothers. “Too bad we didn’t catch any of it on tape.”
“That’s why we carry our own,” Samuel said, waving a hand around the plains. “Ground cams, tree cams, cams on our clothes, in our hair…though I think I lost that one. Well anyways, we got the footage. Might have to do some heavy editing though.”
“You have the fight? The whole thing?”
“You think we’re going to leave a battle with this much epicness to you? No. No. We have fans to entertain.”
“Of course,” Benjamin began slyly. “We could offer you some of the footage…for a price.”
“Let me guess,” Melissa said, pursuing her lips. “A date?”
“Children.”
“NO!” Melissa screamed in his face and began stomping away. Johnson chuckled as he waited for her to inevitably return.
“Brother, you aimed too high,” Samuel whispered.
“She’s the one that brought up children in the first place. I figured it was still on her mind.”
“She was using sarcasm, Benji. She’s too sprite to have kids just yet.”
“She’s going to be my wife one day. You mark my words.”
“And I don’t doubt you, dear brother. But you have to milk the cow before you make the butter.”
“I don’t even know what that means. You’re sounding like Pa.”
“Ah, now I really don’t have a comeback for that one.”
“Seems we’re tied for today.”
“OKAY!” Melissa yelled, storming back to them. “You get one date with me. And I get the footage. Do we have a deal?”
“How about this?” Benjamin said, folding his arms. “You give me three dates, and we’ll let you document our next three battles. That way, we can get some time together.”
Melissa glared at him, then Johnson who shrugged his shoulders. It was more interesting than hanging around the house all day watching reruns.
“Fine,” she huffed. “Three dates for three battles, one after each, AND, we get some of that footage.”
“Deal,” Benjamin laughed, snatching her hand and shaking it before she could blink. 
She eventually wretched her hand from him and pointed down at Fence.
“What happens with him?”
“Oh, Fency-boy? That is a good question…hmm…what do you think, Samuel?”
“We let him go. Let him tell his other friends how strong we are. That way, we’ll really get some good challenges. And we’ll make sure to show the video of our win all over the world in case he gets cold feet.”
“That, Sammy, is the best idea I’ve ever heard.”
“But aren’t you afraid?” Johnson asked. “I mean, you guys had a hard time today. What if you end up facing someone even more powerful than him?”
“That’s the point,” Samuel laughed as he patted his brother on the back. “Fighting’s as essential to us as breakfast.”
“And we need our breakfast to be hearty,” Benjamin laughed. 
“No vegetables and fruits for us,” Samuel chipped in. “We need the meat.”
“See that’s what I’m talking about,” Benjamin said, turning to face his brother. “No one said fruit can’t make a breakfast hearty. What about apples or oranges?”
“Disgusting.”
“You have apple juice every morning.”
“Yeah, but it’s only 10% juice. You know how the real stuff makes me break out in hives.”
“You’re the only human being who’s ever been allergic to juice.”
“Well you’re the only one I know that makes girls allergic to you. You chase them off like a bad odor in the air.”
“That’s not true. I have three dates with this lovely lady, don’t I?”
“You had to practically threaten her. She only did it because she’s using you.”
“Maybe I’m the one doing the using.”
“The only thing you’re using is drugs because you’re so dumb you can’t even see how she’ll never fall in love with you.”
“Like you can do any better?”
“As a matter of fact I could.”
“Oh, is that so? What about your current lady? What’s her name again? Francis?”
Samuel hit Benjamin in the face.
“Oh, that’s right. Don’t be ashamed, Samuel. We all know the truth. You’ve been in the closet since you were afraid of the dark.”
“No one understands your bad analogies. It’s why you won’t get the girl.”
“I can get the girl anytime I want. You know what? Forget Penelope. Melissa will now be my one and only. You try to take her from me then it’s like you’ll be messing with the Almighty himself.”
“Does the Almighty need a tic-tac right now? Because his breath smells like Lucifer’s draws!”
The Weather Brothers began fighting each other as Johnson shook his head and chuckled. Melissa just stood there, feeling like she wanted to cry. She was no stranger to guys vying for her attention, but this was ridiculous. What had she gotten herself into?
“Your hair looks like a dead cat!”
“Your eyes are so tiny they look like a rat’s droppings!”
“Your Mama’s so fat-“
“- that’s our MAMA YOU’RE ABOUT TO TALK ABOUT!”
“I’m sorry! I forgot! I just couldn’t imagine we could be related!”
“We’re not! You’re adopted!”
Yeah. Melissa sighed internally. It’s going to be a long day…



An Excerpt From
Face Punch

When my best friend on Earth said he wanted to give me a punch, I thought he meant the drink. Well, at least I saw red. I tried to hit Gooseberry back, but I just got punched in the face again. I fell on my butt in shock, wondering why my most trusted friend could do such a thing. But Gooseberry was jumping up and down in excitement like he had been sniffing rubber glue in the art department.
“It’s the latest craze, Nate! FACE PUNCH!”
“And this is an actual game?” I asked skeptically. “Or did you make it up?”
“Oh, it’s legit. Just watch.”
Gooseberry strolled up to a kid walking on the street and asked him to come over. They walked onto my lawn just as I was getting up. Gooseberry was in the middle of a question.
“ – and so as a result, you didn’t get the job?”
“No, unfortunately,” the kid said, tugging on his backpack. “Like I told you, they don’t care for a kid with ear piercings. I don’t see the big deal. It’s a cash register position. Where’s the harm?”
“I understand,” Gooseberry said slyly. “What’s on the inside counts, not – FACE PUNCH!”
Gooseberry hit the kid as hard as he could in the face, sending him sprawling back in the grass. I could hear something crack in his backpack on impact. The kid got up angrily and raised a fist in retaliation but Gooseberry started backing off like a boxer, keeping light on his feet while he spoke.
“Hey! Hey! You can’t hit me!”
“Why not?”
“Because I hit your first. Those are the rules of FACE PUNCH.”
“What? What the heck is FACE PUNCH?”
“A life changing game, my friend,” Gooseberry said. I didn’t see the point at all. Gooseberry was always coming up with ridiculous games and rules.
“How? What’s so life changing about hitting me in the face?”
“If you’re willing to fight me over hitting you physically, why aren’t you willing to fight in the job sector?”
The question caught the kid off guard, and he lowered his fists in curiosity. 
“Think about it,” Gooseberry said. “Everyone is so willing to accept the status quo. We don’t fight at all. We just accept what happens and run off with our tail between our legs. But, what if we do fight back? What if you go back to that job and demand you be hired? Even if you aren’t, at least you gave a great effort. And who knows? They might just like that fiery spark in you. When someone punches us in the face, no matter in what form, we have to be willing to punch them right back.”
“What is this guy, a philosopher?” the kid said to me. I chuckled and shook my head. 
“He’s something alright.”
“So what are the rules of FACE PUNCH?” the kid said. “You got my attention.”
“You go around making sure people are achieving what they want out of life. Ask them questions and get a feel for it. Once you realize that they need a push in the right direction, you punch them in the face, as hard as you can without breaking it, and then you explain the game.”
“Wow,” the kid laughed. “You ever get beat up over this?”
“Well, the rules are that the person you punched isn’t supposed to hit back because then it just turns into a fight. But, yeah, I’ve had to run away a couple times.”
“Then what happened?”
“I waited until I saw them the next day, and then I punched them in the face again. Apparently, they didn’t get the message the first time.”
“This is awesome,” the kid said. “Helping people and punching them in the face. You should start a charity or some kind of non-profit.”
“Paperwork pending,” Gooseberry smiled.
“Well, I gotta go get that job,” the kid chuckled. “But you take care of yourself. See to it that non-profit business happens.”
“Oh, I will!” Gooseberry shouted as the kid walked off. I got up and brushed the grass off my clothes.
“How many people know about this?” I asked him. He put a thinking finger to his chin.
“Let’s see…what’s today? Sunday? Well, I’ve been punching people all weekend, so I guess about thirty.”
“You’ve been punching people in the face all weekend?” I said in awe. “Are you serious?”
“Yeah, but think about all the lives I saved in the process.”
“Wow, you’re insane.”
“What are you trying to say? I shouldn’t be helping people?”
“Not like that.”
“Try it. I promise it will change how you view things in the world.”
“Okay, whatever, Gooseberry.”
“Don’t be mad. Just try it on anyone. And I mean anyone. FACE PUNCH does not discriminate.”
“What is this? A religion now?”
“No. It’s just FACE PUNCH.”
“Okay, Gooseberry,” I laughed. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Catch you later, Nate. Remember, keep on punching.”
I ignored his last words as I continued on home. What was wrong with this kid? Punching people in the face all weekend like he was handing out flyers to a church. Yet…that kid on the street had received it so quickly, like he was actually grateful that he had been knocked to his senses…but Gooseberry had come up with games before. Just because one kid had went along with it didn’t mean this was going to suddenly become a national sensation. The kid was probably in on it and Gooseberry had persuaded him to play along when they were on the sidewalk.
There was no such game as FACE PUNCH.
And it sure didn’t change lives.
And with this satisfying revelation soothing my thoughts, I was able to fall asleep that night and get well rested for the school day.
I’m glad I did. Because I did not expect to see what I saw. Teachers must’ve been in an uproar.
People were punching each other in the face everywhere I went. And the weird thing was that they didn’t just start fighting. I mean someone would get punched, and then a cordial conversation would ensue between the attacker and the victim like it was all okay. With about thirty people in each hallway getting hit, and then gracefully accepting it, it was like a strange dance was being performed and I was the only one without a partner.
“Why do you look so down?” a boy asked, walking next to me as I headed to my locker. I eyed them suspiciously.
“Why are you so concerned?”
“Well, you just look down, that’s all.”
“Thanks for asking, but no, I feel pretty awesome.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, pleading with me to give him something.
“Absolutely. Are you?”
“Oh, I’m fine. Thanks,” he said quickly, leaving in disappointment. I sighed and wiped my forehead from sweat. I barely dodged that bullet. I sighed in relief again as I saw a boy down the hall get punched in the face six times in a row, each punch by the attacker being followed with a “Get over her! Be happy!”
The game was already getting out of hand. 



An Excerpt From
When Purpose and Dreams Collide

Dreams.
We all have them. Whether you want to be a fireman, astronaut, doctor, or even something less known like a paleontologist or an expert food critic, it doesn’t matter. Dreams can be achieved. It just takes a lot of hard work, soul searching, faith, and good old-fashioned determination. But of course, that’s a lot easier than it sounds. Hence, my story. Consider it a blueprint of sorts. I won’t lie and say that this is something out of the Life of Pi where I’m claiming to convince you of the existence of God, but I do promise that it will cause some introspection and self-evaluation. Nothing would make me happier than for people to rise up out of the hardened shell that life has put over them and achieve their purpose and their dreams. Because in the end, we are all a community, and even someone who isn’t happy across the world could affect my life and yours. By achieving our goals and dreams, not only are we happier as a whole, but our neighbors, our family and children will be as well. Generations are affected and society is consequently lifted. 
We need each other.
But enough about that. It’s time for me to get to my tale. 
So I hope you’ll enjoy it and grab what you need, and when it’s all over, I hope that you will take a moment to think about it…
And then you’ll get up, and start achieving your dreams.
										~ Julius St. Clair



Chapter 1 – The End of a Good Thing
“If only. Those must be the two saddest words in the world.” – Mercedes Lackey

I believe that there is a desire in every human being to achieve two things: their purpose, and their dreams. Whether one believes in God or fate or destiny, each and every one of us want to know if our lives have meaning. Either that, or if we’re just the next product on the assembly line of existence. We want to know if we are more than just a statistic, and if our story will withstand time and become legendary in its own right. Some names are almost universally known at this point: Jesus, Shakespeare, Hitler, Darwin…and of course, there are many more. One way or another, their existence on this Earth has shaped our history, for better or worse. 
Now, I’m not here to discuss how to get popular or rich. That’s not the goal. 
The goal is to achieve a content, happy, and financially sound life doing what you love for a living. Anything more becomes an unnecessary hindrance or distraction that I will go into detail later. 
So…how does one go about achieving their purpose and dreams? Well, let’s define what they are first (taken from dictionary.com):
Purpose (N)
1.)The reason for which something exists or is done, made or used
2.)An intended or desired result
3.)Practical result, effect or advantage

Dream (N)
1.)A cherished hope; ambition; aspiration

There are a few things that we need to take from these definitions. The first is that purpose in definition # 3 says that it’s a practical result. A purpose occurs after action and practice. What this means is that there must be an effort to discovering something. If one wishes to know their purpose for living and what they can accomplish in the world, it won’t happen by remaining idle. If we do nothing, we can expect nothing. That is just a basic cause and effect principal.
If we are just sitting on the couch day by day, watching television or playing video games, and just going to work until the weekend comes…well, then it is safe to assume we will not find our purpose or reach our dreams. There is no practice or perfecting of our desires, so they never reach maturation.  
Now take a look at the definition of dream, and the 2nd definition for purpose. Do you see some similarities? You should. Because dreams and purpose are closely related. Our desires and our goals are intertwined and by achieving one, you will in turn find the other. A perfect marriage of two concepts.
My wife and I were teachers once so we’ve discussed this long ago. She taught middle school and I taught high school, but our philosophies on teaching children were the same. We believed that deep down in every human being, there is…a spark (for lack of a better term) that is just begging to be energized, and only one power source can ignite it. This spark drives an individual to work hard—even in their spare time—on their craft, shaping it, perfecting it, and taking it beyond a hobby and turning it into a career. One that shouldn’t even feel like work at all. 
School tries to throw many different subjects and evaluations at the student to get them to understand what they should do when they grow up and graduate, but rarely does anything stick. How do we know this? 
Because there is no passion.
We believe that if everyone somehow knew their purpose and were given the opportunity to have their dreams fulfilled, there would be a passion instilled within them that no one on earth could quench. Imagine if I came to you right now, and asked you what you wanted to be more than anything. It doesn’t matter what your living situation is, how much time you have to accomplish it, or even your gender, age, race, religion or class. 
What would you become? 
Of course, you can provide an answer, but already you may be thinking of just how impossible or unrealistic that is, regardless of the parameters I’ve set in the question. 
Now, imagine if I offered to pay all of your bills, your rent or mortgage, and take care of everything that would distract you from achieving it within the next…let’s say three years? More, if needed. And this is all assuming that I can make this happen.
What would you do?
I would be willing to bet that you would take the offer, and not only would you be ecstatic, you would probably go after that dream of yours with a drive and fire that no one on the outside could believe. Your spark would be ignited, and whether you failed or succeeded in the timeframe given, you would have no regrets, because you gave it your all. 
But of course, that is just a hypothetical situation. We live in the real world after all, and the odds of anyone offering such a fantastic deal is practically non-existent. 
So what do we do now?
We must first understand that our dreams and hopes are not crushed by debt, bills and responsibilities. No, it dies long before that…when we are still children. Ironically, at a young age, we are given a path and purpose to follow in life—by adults that have given up on searching for their own. Our basic path is to do well in school, go to college or the military, secure a job, hopefully procure a house, a spouse, some children…then die. There are some variations and omissions in this list depending on who is guiding you, but this is pretty much the path we are told and expected to follow. The problem, however, lies in a quote I heard once:
“Parents want what’s good for you, not what’s best.”
The word parents can be replaced with adults, teachers or even the world in general, but in a nutshell, the people that guide us want us to inevitably take a “safe” path that has a more proven track record (though that is dwindling) of success. 
What’s best for you requires risk, sweat, and lots of tears. No compassionate human being wants to see you go through such suffering, but suffer we must if we want to achieve the seemingly impossible. This is not to knock on those that have raised us; it is just speaking against a mindset that has been perpetuated throughout our society for decades. Juxtapose that last quote to this next one, which speaks of how the wealthy raise their children:
“We don’t get jobs. We make them.”
Regardless of the resources at their disposal, look at the mindset passed onto their children. They won’t be following the status quo, or the same path that many of their fellow men will be traveling upon. They will seek to pave their own path, and that is what we must do now. 
I know that I haven’t gotten to my story yet, but it’s only because I want to set the tone in how we should look toward our situation. Throw away the concepts that you have been taught as a child if they are counterproductive. Prepare your mind to forge your own path, and take the helm of your ship. You are confident. You are strong, and you are the author of your story. Follow the advice which was given to my wife and I by a seasoned nurse the day after we had our son:
“What’s going to happen from here on out is that you are going to get a lot of advice…but most of it won’t be what’s right for you. What you do is, you take that advice, put it into a little box in your mind and leave it there. Try out what you think is right first. Now, if what you do doesn’t work out for you, then go back into that little box and consider giving that a try, but only after you made a decision first. As the parents, you know what’s best for your child.”
You know what’s best for you, and what you need to do to accomplish your dreams. Bring all those family members and friends that would be supportive to your side, but throw all the nay-sayers to the side and ignore any hate. Life is too short for negativity, and you will have enough trials to go through without them adding on to your struggle. 
You know what you have to do.
People who do not achieve their purpose or dreams (if not content in general with their life) eventually reach a breaking point. You know if you’re satisfied with your life or not, but if you’re not, know that this is where mid-life crisis’ come from. 
And it makes a lot of sense. 
Think about it. For most people, they have followed the path given to them, and it hasn’t gone the way they envisioned. They have a job, but not enough money to be content. They can take vacations, but only when their company allows. They can see the world, but only if they have the money, and this doesn’t even mention the stress, debt (especially from college), relationship struggles and conflict in their lives. They won’t be able to retire until they are at least well into their sixties, and even then, they cannot enjoy life like they wished because they were so stressed for the last thirty years or so that their health has deteriorated. 
Sadly, many people in our country face this reality, and it’s getting worst. With rising costs, and quality of living going down, more and more college graduates are coming out of school with crippling debt and no job to show for it. Potential retirees can’t retire because medical costs are too high. Companies are tightening the reigns, asking for more from their employees while giving less pay, all while handing out layoffs, less personal time, no pensions, and little, if any benefits. Even social security is to be gone by the time I reach the retirement age…
And I don’t say all of this to scare you, or to bring on doom and gloom. I’m saying it to make the point that achieving one’s dream and purpose is becoming more of a necessity than a luxury than ever before. Increasingly, it is getting more rewarding to try becoming an entrepreneur and striking out, than following the basic path and knowing exactly what’s going to happen to you in life for the next thirty years plus. 
So…whether you are looking for your purpose, trying to drastically alter your course in life, or seeking a new adventure…here we are, right at the beginning. 
My tale began, when I was just a naïve, little boy…




Novels by Julius St. Clair

Fantasy:
The Last of the Sages
The Dark Kingdom (Sage Trilogy, Book 2)
Hail to the Queen (Sage Trilogy, Book 3)
End of Angels (Angel Story, Book 1)
Angels of Eden (Angel Story, Book 2)
Obsidian Sky (Obsidian Saga, Book 1)

Thrillers:
The Deadly Ones

Science Fiction:
Upgrade (The Androids Trilogy, Book 1)
The End of Us

Romance:
My Immortal Playlist



Check out my blog!
http://juliusstclair.blogspot.com/

Join the mailing list for free e-books and future updates!
juliusstclair@yahoo.com

