The Fish’s Belly, Chronicle III
The Dayspring Adventure Series

Copyright 2012 Craig R. Kirkby
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All Scripture references are taken from the New King James Version. Copyright © 1979, 1980, 1982 by Thomas Nelson, Inc. Used by permission.



www.dayspringadventure.wordpress.com


It is my sublime joy to be “Daddy” to two beautiful daughters. 
This series is dedicated to Hannah and Jenna.
Thank you for your inspiration.

***

A special thank you to the many teams I have been involved with in ministry work in various African countries. The people involved, the projects and the initiatives we tackled have deepened my love for Africa.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
Special Note
About the Author


SPECIAL NOTE


NOTE ON CHRONICLE III:

While the first book, The Lions’ Den received widespread appeal, the second book, A Fiery Furnace didn’t. Although this third book was well-received by a beta audience, due to the enormous investment of time and resources in writing, editing and publishing a book (and the focus required on a young-adult trilogy that I signed up with a publisher), I decided to make the final draft of the Dayspring Adventure available to readers—without the frills and furnishings of the first two books. And with this decision, the choice was to offer it in e-book format only.
Please excuse then, the lack of a map, Daniel and Rachel’s Journal Notes, and such like. I trust reading the story itself will be enjoyable and provide a satisfactory conclusion to this trilogy.
Finally, as in the first two books, the characters in this book are fictional.





1

Running in pitch darkness is no easy task…
…especially when you’re seventy-two years of age.
…especially when you’re weak having been drugged and imprisoned.
…especially when you’re fleeing for your life.
This was, however, Doctor Harold Scott’s predicament.
And with that, he tripped and came crashing to the ground, grazing his hands and exposed arms, ripping his trousers at his right knee—losing his right shoe in the process.
“Come on Harry!” he castigated himself as he hurriedly got to his feet, wheezing and reeling with dizziness. His hands and arms stung, the skin torn by sharp stones and hardy bush; his knee throbbed having smashed against a sizeable rock. It was too dark, and there was no time, to find his missing shoe.
He had only covered about five hundred metres before his captors realised he had escaped. And they were sure to be on his trail in force and haste—their lives depended on it. The man, the monster, to whom they had to give an account, would not tolerate failure. The frantic voices of Harry’s three captors now carried through the dark, cool night air.
As Harry shuffled on, his aching knee in terrible pain, and every breath laboured, he now heard the dogs.
At least two of them … perhaps three or four.
They growled and snarled eager to give chase, trained to hunt without mercy by a sadistic and cruel owner. During his imprisonment, Harry had heard the dogs being fed, but he had not seen them. Whatever breed they were; they were ferocious—goaded and groomed into fierce, killing-machines.
Then, either to terrify Harry or to whip the dogs into a further frenzy, or perhaps both…

BANG!

A bullet sailed into the African night sky.
Harry wasn’t entirely sure how long he had been imprisoned for. He certainly didn’t know where he was. Somewhere in Uganda … more than likely; he thought to himself.
What he did know, was that he was in a race for his life and within the next hundred metres, he should reach a river. At least, that is all that he could make out from the limited viewpoint the bathroom window had given him—from where he had plotted his make-shift escape over the last two days.
“Run, Harry run!” he chided himself. “Help me, Lord!”

BANG! BANG!

Another two bullets whistled through the darkness, torturing the night air. 
The clamour of the pursuing dogs and chasing men grew louder in Harry’s ears, his pursuers quickly reducing the gap between him and them. And they could afford to make all the noise they wanted; their hideout was many kilometres from civilisation or even any neighbour for that matter.
No one would hear Harry scream.
He had to make it to the river.
What then?
The question shot through Harry’s mind even as his aching body hobbled along, his right leg now a definite liability in his race for survival.
He hadn’t thought beyond getting to the river line.
If I get there, then what?
 Certainly, he had hoped feigning sickness in his bid to escape would have bought him more time. 
Harry had spent hours at the foot of a toilet bowl, pretending to throw up. It was the only way he could shrug the fulltime attention of his captors—the three soldiers took shifts watching him day and night. 
He hoped to have at least an hour head start. Something must have alerted them prematurely—now he had less than two minutes lead.
At his age, in his condition, against armed soldiers and dogs trained to kill, he would need a lot more than that.
The dogs’ snarls and soldiers’ jeers now seemed almost on top of him.
“Oh, God,” Harry huffed. “Deliver me!”
Although he heard the sound of the river, he didn’t see it—so distracted on those chasing him, and lost in his thoughts was he.
Tripping over the embankment’s shrubbery, Harry tumbled head-first into the cold, muddy water of the Lugogo River.
The shock was enormous as he swallowed a mouthful of river water, and came up gasping for air. Coughing and spluttering violently, the cold water stung the fresh wounds on his hands and his arms … and his knee, his aching, fast-swelling knee.
If he had had the time, he would have chastised himself again. 
The noise his plunge made would now alert his pursuers to his exact location.
His escape attempt was doomed.
His one shot was gone.
The beam of a powerful flashlight danced on the spot he had tumbled into the river.
Any moment now, the dogs would be onto him.
That is, if the beasts of the river didn’t find him first. 
He hadn’t even considered what may be lurking in the river waters.
“Oh, Father God…”
His prayer was quickly interrupted as he suddenly became aware that he wasn’t alone.
Something else was in the water with him … behind him.
In the pitch darkness of a moonless sky, he couldn’t tell if it was a crocodile, snake or human … friend or foe.
Then strong arms gripped his shoulders.
With the noise of the dogs drawing ever closer, whipped into a frenzy of the hunt, and the soldiers discharging their guns into the air at regular intervals, the voice that spoke into Harry’s ears was both powerful and haunting.
“Come with me…” it ordered “…if you want to live.”
And with that, Harry passed out.

2

THREE DAYS EARLIER
Monday 14th March 2011

Harry sat in front of his computer filled with excitement. Although born and raised in Portland USA, Harry had served as a missionary doctor in Africa for nearly four decades; however, now he felt like a kid anticipating Christmas morning.
He and his close friend Dr. William McArthur, known fondly as Mac, worked for World Care International (WCI)—an organisation devoted to assisting in, for the most part, third-world impoverished countries, treating disease and helping to develop local self-sustaining community structures. Together with Harry’s adopted son, Ugandan-born Donald, and Mac’s two children, Daniel and Rachel, they made a formidable team advancing God’s Kingdom in a shared faith adventure.
While they were currently based in Zimbabwe, establishing a hospital base just north of the small town of Gokwe, forty-three-year old Mac had designed a project called “New Hope,” an initiative to tackle the orphan epidemic in central Africa. To be located in northern Uganda, the project included a missionary hospital in which young doctors would be trained, and Mac had asked Harry to spearhead the hospital, fulfilling a lifelong desire he had to train a new generation of missionary doctors.
Harry sighed and looked at his desk calendar.
Then his eyes wandered over to the clock on the wall.
It was late on Monday night, the 14th of March 2011.
Mac, Daniel, Rachel and Donald had left for Japan early on Saturday morning, and after a soul-jarring 45-hour trip via South Africa, England and on to Japan, he figured they must be arriving soon in the land of the rising sun. Japan was eight hours ahead and, after several attempts, Harry gave up trying to work out what time it must be there.
Mac’s skill-set lay in strategic planning, and was deployed by WCI to assist in the wake of a natural disaster of epic proportions; an earthquake-driven tsunami had struck the east coast of Japan on Friday the 11th of March.
Mac had taken the children with him to offer every hand they could to serve the people of Japan in their desperate hour of need.
Staying up later than usual, feeling a little anxious for Donald and the McArthur Clan, and a touch lonely having so enjoyed working in team with them over the past nine weeks since they met, Harry had opened his computer to check his emails.
Once the slow dial-up connection had engaged, his inbox contained just one message … an email that had brought Christmas early.
The email was sent from WCI headquarters, from the boss, Roger Johnson himself. Roger asked Harry to fly to Uganda to meet governmental officials about the launch of the “New Hope” project. Surprisingly, the message requested that he travel with Dr. Julius Marco, the other lead-doctor working with him in the Zimbabwe project.
Dr. Marco was a fantastic doctor but, contracted by another relief organisation, was not involved with WCI and their “New Hope” initiative. In fact, his organisation had a new post for him; he was supposedly on his way to Mozambique within the next month.
Still, the excitement overcame any suspicions; a travel companion would be most welcome, especially since Mac was on the other side of the world. The “New Hope” project seemed ahead of schedule, and Harry was delighted to go in person to Uganda to finalise the plans.
“Yes, this makes sense,” he assured himself.
Even a firm but gentle tightening in his stomach, a foreboding sense of unease, didn’t dissuade him. Usually, Harry took such hunches seriously. It was often through this ‘lack of peace’ that God warned him. Due to the lateness of the hour, the loneliness he felt and the overwhelming thrill of the trip to come, he quickly put the caution on hold.
Harry tapped away at his keyword with great excitement, quickly composing an email for Mac, mentioning the email from HQ, and that he was going to Uganda to meet with various officials in both the capital city Kampala and the site of their proposed base, just north of Pakwach—a small town in the northwest of the country.

TWO DAYS EARLIER
Tuesday 15th March 2011

By 10:00am the next morning, leaving the very competent Dr. Jonas Mtulu—one of the assistant doctors in the Zimbabwe project—in charge, Dr. Marco and Harry were on the road, heading for Harare International airport; their plane tickets booked and paid for by HQ. 
Harry could feel his dream becoming a reality.

***

Harry and Dr. Marco spent the entire day en route to Kampala, the capital of Uganda. They had managed the six-hour drive to Harare without incident, travelled by plane from Harare to Johannesburg, South Africa, before having to catch a horribly delayed flight from there to Entebbe International airport in Uganda—which was another forty-minute drive to Kampala. Needless to say, they arrived well after a blood-red sun had set in the stunning African sky.
Exhausted, they checked into the Blue Angus Hotel, 4-star accommodation in the heart of the city Kampala. Harry was a little surprised at the quality of their overnight stay; WCI would usually make a more modest choice. But he was too tired to think, and too caught up with the excitement of their scheduled Wednesday morning meeting with the Ugandan government representatives. He couldn’t wait to make the five-hour journey to Pakwach, to view the proposed site of their “New Hope” project—which was planned for Thursday.
Harry fell asleep the moment his head kissed his pillow; his night filled with sweet dreams and pleasant thoughts of the days ahead.
He had no idea of the nightmare to come.


3

ONE DAY EARLIER
Wednesday 16th March 2011

Waking up early and enjoying a hot shower—a luxury in Africa, although an expected part of any 4-star hotel experience—Harry shaved his chin, groomed his thick white broom-like moustache, and neatly combed his grey hair.
Although he was seventy-two years old, skinny and slight of frame, he was strong and sinewy from decades of hard work in tough African conditions. He couldn’t help but wink at his own reflection in the mirror, grateful for the new opportunities to make a difference in the world at this stage of his life.
“You’re not finished yet Harold James Scott,” he smiled at his reflection. “A new season dawns for you Ol’ Boy.”
As he quietly stepped out of the bathroom expecting Dr. Marco to still be a sleep—they had separate rooms but shared a bathroom and a spacious lounge area in their hotel room—he got a mild fright to see Dr. Marco awake, dressed and standing next to the four-seated dining table. Rummaging through his doctor’s bag, Dr. Marco pulled out a bottle, a surgical mask and some cottonwool.
“All okay?” Harry smiled. “Cut yourself or something?” he asked squinting; his weak, deteriorating eye-sight unable to discern the contents of the bottle of medication.
Dr. Marco said nothing, but covered his mouth with the surgical mask, unscrewed the bottle and dabbed the cottonwool.
He was a clean shaven, stout-built man of Italian descent with dark hair. A little less than six feet tall, he looked older than his forty-six years. His shoulders were slightly hunched as though he carried some terrible burden, but he was a brilliant doctor, and few were as hard-working as he was. Harry often wondered whether he worked so hard in order to forget something, something dark in his past.
“Julius?” asked Harry concerned as he strolled into the living room and up to Dr. Marco, putting a warm hand on the younger man’s shoulder. “Are you okay?”
Without a hint of what was to come, as calm as a master surgeon making a flesh cut, Julius Marco put down the bottle, reached out and took hold of Harry’s arm in a tight grip.
Too tight.
Painfully tight.
“Ouch!” gasped a surprised Harry. “What’s going on, Julius? Are you okay?”
“Yes,” he replied through the surgical mask, “but you’re not.”
Harry’s face contorted with bewilderment, twisting with horror, as Dr. Marco’s grip tightened further still … and with brute force, jammed the chloroform-laced cottonwool over his mouth and nose.
“What?” blurted Harry, his voice muffled. Dr. Marco held the old man’s face with such force; Harry couldn’t get out his next word, “Why?”—but it was etched all over his distraught face and anguished eyes. Why friend, why?
As Harry blacked out, the chloroform inducing unconsciousness, what surprised him most was the pleasure Dr. Marco seemed to get from his horror.

***

Harry woke up startled, nursing a cracking headache. And for some reason, he felt beaten and bruised. Every muscle, bone and joint ached.
He wasn’t sure where he was, but he knew he was no longer in a 4-star hotel. He lay on an old steel frame bed on a lumpy mattress in a cool room darkened by wooden shutters fastened to the only window.
“What? Where am I?” he asked himself momentarily forgetting what had happened.
“At last you’re awake.” Dr. Marco’s voice brought the reality and horror of his predicament crashing back into Harry’s memory.
Uncertainty and fear welled up in him; feeling a bout of nausea, he nearly gagged. Sitting up fast, too fast, brought on a sudden fit of dizziness.
“Easy now, Old Man,” mocked Dr. Marco.
Harry looked up, his eyes came into focus, and he saw Dr. Marco standing in the doorway of his small room. Harry gasped. Behind the Italian doctor stood five or six other men dressed in military uniforms.
“Julius? Dr. Marco … why?”
“Do you really think I’m a doctor, first and foremost?” he smirked.
“Ye…?” Harry thought of Julius Marco as a doctor, a brilliant doctor with perhaps a dark secret. “You’re not?”
“Like your friend Mac, being a doctor is merely an alias for me.”
“Mac?” Harry was confused for a moment, “No, Mac is a doctor. Really—”
“Still singing that tune, are we Harry? Come on … Mac is an agent working for some international police bureau, and I work for the General…”
“The General?!” Harry was devastated.
Just nine weeks earlier, Mac had been sent by the WCI to assist the challenges that the team of doctors at the Base Camp in Zimbabwe were facing. Dr. Marco and Harry were having problems with a third doctor by the name of Sam Hunter, who unbeknownst to Harry, worked for a gun-running warlord known only as the General.
Mac’s expertise lay in strategic and operational development. He had a remarkable track record in managing incredibly complex situations. The twisted Sam Hunter and his tyrant-boss, the General—equally paranoid—had assumed Mac was some super-agent deployed to expose them.
To survive, Mac was forced to play on their suspicions. And in so doing, he unintentionally thwarted the General’s plans for war-mongering in Southern Africa—leading to the confiscation of billions of dollars worth of illegal weapons and drugs.
The General himself had evaded capture, but had vowed to get revenge on Mac and his family and friends.
“But you?” asked Harry flabbergasted, “All this time, you were on the General’s side? And you were in cahoots with … that horrid excuse for a human being … Sam Hunter?”
“Of course,” smirked Dr. Marco, “We played a good-cop, bad-cop routine. Admittedly, Sam over played the bad-cop gig, but it worked a charm, didn’t it?”
“You played me the whole time?” Harry couldn’t believe what he was hearing. Surely, this was some joke. “But you’re such a great doctor?”
“All the better to pull the wool over your eyes, my dear,” scoffed Marco. “Oh, don’t get me wrong. I enjoy the surgery, the power in my hands, the blood, the guts … a small pay-back for playing the good-cop role … but I live for moments like we shared yesterday…”
“Yesterday, I’ve been out for a whole day?”
“Perhaps … maybe, maybe not,” teased Dr. Marco.
The effects of chloroform usually last an hour or so. Although it was still only late Wednesday morning, the cruel Dr. Marco was enjoying unnerving the old man. Plus, he wanted to keep him disoriented to date, time and location.
 “But why me? What do you want with me?” pleaded Harry.
“Revenge … the General wants his revenge.”


4

 “Revenge?” Harry was dumbfounded.
“Delicious, isn’t it? The first part of the plan was to destroy one of the children in Japan—”
“What?” Harry was horrified. “Donald? Dan—?”
“Rachel,” Marco broke in, “Or Daniel…”
“No,” gasped Harry, “Please say it isn’t so?”
“Sadly, it isn’t … Mac thwarted our plans again…”
“Yes!” Harry couldn’t contain his delight; he punched the air.
“You still believe he is just a doctor?”
“The crazy irony here,” replied Harry unable to hide his smirk, “is that he is just a doctor.”
For a second, a cold shudder ran up and down Marco’s spine as he almost believed him. Shaking the notion that a mere doctor could have caused such untold chaos to the General’s plans, he continued: “The second step involves you, my dear sir…”
“Me?”
“Yes, you’re the bait you see.”
“The bait?”
Marco’s lips curled into a menacing sneer. “To lure Mac into our hands.”
“No!”
“Yes! Mac will receive an email from the General soon. He’ll no doubt try to bust in here to save your skin, and we’ll be celebrating your demise in a week from today.”
“Where’s the General? Please allow me to plead our case.”
Marco burst into laughter, “Plead your case? You want to plead your case … to the General?!”
“Please…”
“The General doesn’t negotiate, silly old man … this isn’t some church fellowship we’ve got going here. You know the rule, don’t negotiate with terrorists … well; this terrorist doesn’t negotiate either, or show any mercy—”
“Please, Julius. Please.”
“You are funny, Harry; so out of your league here my friend. The General isn’t here; he's arriving next Monday … and you will get your audience with him … but plead your case…” And again, Marco cracked up with laughter.
Julius Marco left the room as a soldier brought in a tin plate with a quarter loaf of dry bread and a gutted tin of beans. The soldier dropped it on a small, rickety side table and grunted: “Eat!”
“Yes eat, Harry. And try to stay alive, see? I’m going to catch myself a spy-fish … Ciao!”—an Italian greeting used for saying “Hello” and “Goodbye,” pronounced “Chow.” These were the last words Marco yelled as he and three soldiers left the small dishevelled house.

***

Julius Marco didn’t return that night. Harry presumed correctly that he preferred the comfort of the Blue Angus Hotel … and who could blame him?
His comment about catching a spy-fish disturbed Harry deeply; it could only mean one thing: he was planning to catch Mac, who presumably would be alerted to Harry’s kidnapping.
But Mac and the children were halfway around the world.
Did they even know what horror had befallen him?
And how would they find him? Even he didn’t know where he was.
Harry’s ‘prison’ was an old, neglected three-roomed dwelling, and the windows were either blacked out with paint or boarded with wooden shutters. It was dark, dingy and layered in dirt and grime. Harry got the feeling that he wasn’t the first person who had been held hostage in these dank quarters.
Besides his small room, there was one large room occupied by three armed, card-playing soldiers with monster-bad attitudes, and a tiny kitchen-cum-pantry. Between his room and the kitchen was a foul-smelling bathroom with the oldest, most abused toilet he had ever seen … and he had lived in Africa for forty years, witness to some awful-looking lavatories in his time.
Fifty metres from the old dilapidated house, and out of sight, was a beautiful, huge modern-style home—presently unoccupied. It was one of many hideouts the General used as he forayed up and down Africa. Not nearly as elaborate as his other dwellings, the General had only used it once before—it was certainly not one of his regular haunts. Southern Uganda was not high on his agenda at this point. However, based thirty kilometres northwest of Kampala, the hideout was the perfect place to stage the next chapter in his unfolding revenge plot.
Between the old house and the General’s mansion, four fierce attack dogs were caged in a large enclosure. Again, out of Harry’s field of vision, he could only hear them—guessing at the number of dogs.
At any time, Harry had three soldiers watching him—except when the dogs were fed twice a day; then just one watched him while the others fed the dogs. It was obvious they were feeding the dogs “live” prey, what it was Harry wasn’t sure. At times, he thought he heard “squeaks;” at other times, he was sure he heard “clucks.” However, from the snarling, rabid excitement of the dogs, and the squeals of cruel delight from the soldiers, it was clear that feeding the dogs was the highlight of their day.
Alone in the house with the grumpy soldier left out of the feeding time, attempting to block his ears to the blood-curdling sounds, Harry endured his worst time of the day—though nothing was even remotely pleasant about his confinement.
The soldiers fed him dry bread, a tin of beans and a mug of water twice that first day, which he ate in his room. In fact, Harry wasn’t allowed to leave his dark and damp room-cell except to use the bathroom, and even then one soldier stood in the bathroom and watched him do his business.
Harry found it somewhat amusing—what exactly did these soldiers think a frail seventy-two-year old was capable of? They were moody and constantly on edge, and he realised that whoever this General was (Harry had never met him of course); he ruled his renegade army with absolute fear. Their unease emboldened the doctor, and when Julius Marco didn’t return that day—and didn’t appear to be coming back anytime soon—he started plotting his escape.
Get on the front foot, Harold.
The thought of Mac walking into a trap set around him as the bait gnawed at Harry, and knowing that the General was arriving the following Monday—from where he had no idea—his smart brain ticked into action, planning his escape.
Half way through his evening rations of bread and beans he came up with an idea.
What if I feign being sick?
Surely, the soldiers wouldn’t sit through an old man vomiting all over the bathroom floor?
Could I make a getaway having shrugged off their attention?
Harry mashed the remaining beans into his leftover bread and stuffed the combined mess into his pocket. He would use it later in his simulated retching performance.


5

THAT DAY – HARRY’S ESCAPE ATTEMPT
Thursday 17th March 2011
 
“This is your captain speaking,” came the aeroplane’s captain over the loud speaker. “Please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts, we’re in for some turbulent weather ahead.”
Mac returned to his seat; he had been pacing up and down the narrow aisle of the aeroplane for the first hour of the flight, his mind frantically spinning.
They had endured a horrific few days in Japan, miraculously escaping the General’s intentions. In league with the Japanese mafia, the General had targeted his children, and although they had foiled his plans, their desire to assist with the relief efforts in the wake of the devastating tsunami that had raked Japan’s north east coast was sabotaged. Although disappointed to have to leave Japan prematurely, he had initially taken comfort in the thought that the General’s threat was over.
To his great horror, while waiting to catch the flight back to Africa, he had received the General’s email taunting him with the news that he had captured his dear friend Harry, Donald’s adoptive father. He had memorised the email, hoping to extract from it any clue as to Harry’s whereabouts. He replayed the message in his mind:

Dr. McArthur
You might have wriggled out of my grasp again, but that only makes me more determined to destroy everyone you know and everything you love.
I see everything. I know everything. I listen to your phone calls. I read your email correspondence.
And now I have your friend, Dr. Harry Scott.
What’s your next move?

The General

The first thing he had done, before departing Tokyo, was register for a new email address, as the General had clearly hacked into his current one. Then he contacted his boss Roger Johnson at WCI headquarters on his personal mobile phone, using a public payphone at the Hanedo International airport in Tokyo. He had given Roger his new email address and asked him to change their tickets, rerouting their final destination to Entebbe International airport in Uganda rather than Harare in Zimbabwe. Mac had also begged him to inform the international police agency of Harry’s kidnapping. They had assisted the police involved in the mop-up operation of the General’s activities in Zimbabwe, after Mac and the children had inadvertently foiled the mad warlord’s schemes.
Mac knew, however, that unless they had a solid lead and proof to match, the chance that the international police would be involved was limited at best.
Taking his aisle-seat and fastening his seat belt, he looked over at the three seats across the narrow passageway to his left. His daughter Rachel was asleep in the window-seat, Daniel, his son, sat writing in his journal next to her in the middle seat, and nineteen-year-old Donald sat next to him on the adjacent aisle-seat.
Donald’s eyes were open and intently focused on the back of the seat in front of him. His dead-pan face showed no sign of emotion, and his arms were stiff in front of him; his hands clasped into tight, white-knuckled fists. The joy that usually illuminated his face was gone—understandably so, his father’s life hung in the balance.
Mac put out a warm, empathetic hand on his arm, breaking the intense trance Donald was in. Immediately, his arms relaxed; his intensity dissipated and a slight smile crept on to his face.
Mac didn’t say anything, words were cheap and Donald’s faith was strong.
Donald turned to Mac, “Thank you, Mac.”
Mac wasn’t sure exactly what Donald meant, but gave him the space to explain by offering him his full attention and a listening ear.
“Thank you,” Donald continued, “for showing me God’s Fatherhood … every now and again I feel this rage coming over me, this anger I cannot explain, and then you do something so simple yet so powerful like touching my arm…” Donald’s bottom lip began to quiver.
Again, Mac spoke volumes yet uttered no words; his warm, assuring smile coupled with a gentle squeeze of Donald’s arm, imparted love, understanding and grace into the young man’s troubled soul.
“Thank you,” whispered Donald as tears streaked down his handsome face.

***

Although he had slept precious little the night before, bathroom floors don’t make comfortable sleeping quarters, Harry’s Oscar-winning role playing the old man with a tummy bug worked.
Chewing on the pocketed bread and bean pulp, Harry had then spewed it out in self-induced heaving and gagging sessions. It wasn’t pleasant, but it was necessary.
Watching the old man be sick wasn’t very appealing to the soldiers—they decided to check up on him only every fifteen minutes during the first hour, and then just every hour through the night. This had given Harry time to formulate the last remaining pieces of his escape plan.
From the limited view afforded him from the bathroom window, he had seen what looked like a line of trees running along a river, some five hundred metres away.
The bathroom window was small, but he might be able to squeeze through, and if the soldier on duty checked on him only every hour, as was the case last night, he might have a chance.
“It has to be tonight,” decided Harry to himself. “I can’t fake being sick for too much longer … and I’m not happy dangling like a worm on a hook for Mac to swallow.”
He was tired; his stomach ached from the pretend retching, and ironically; he felt waves of nausea crashing upon him. The stench of the bathroom seemed trapped in his nostrils, and not allowed to bath or shower; he remained covered in spit, dirt and food.
He still had many hours to kill before he would have to redo his night routine all over again.
“Come on Harold. Try to get some sleep,” he muttered to himself.

6

Mac kept an eye on Donald, interjecting whenever he felt the young man slipped into an anger-induced trance.
He hadn’t known Donald long, just nine weeks, and had never known him to be anything but gentle and even-tempered. Then again, he was well aware of the young man’s tragic childhood.
He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Donald nod off for some much-needed sleep.

***

With just a few hours left before arriving at Heathrow airport in London, both fourteen-year-old Rachel and seventeen-year-old Daniel were awake and fairly chirpy. The best of friends, Daniel had sketched the incredibly challenging events of the past year in his journal, and Rachel asked if they could run through it together.
Starting with the first heading he had written, Daniel read: 

28th February 2010 - Mum diagnosed with cancer.

Rachel winced, fighting back the tears that were always so close whenever she thought of her mother: “I’m not sure I can do this.”
“We don’t have to Rache,” assured Daniel about to close his journal.
“No, no,” she replied, “Sorry, Danny … I do want to. I need to.”
“Sure?”
“Yes, it’s good for me … especially to talk about what we’ve been through with you, Boet”—the Afrikaans word for “brother,” pronounced “boot” as in “foot.”
Daniel found a warm smile even though his Adam’s apple throbbed. “Okay, sis.” And then he swallowed hard at the next heading read: 

24th October 2010 – Mum died of cancer.

“Sometimes it feels like it was just yesterday; sometimes it feels like it was another lifetime ago,” whispered Rachel.
“Yeah, I feel the exact same way.”
“Do you think we’ll forget Mum?”
“No, of course not, sis.”
“I mean, the way her hair smelt, the way she smiled, the way she frowned, the way she laughed…” Huge tears rolled down her cheeks.
“We’ll never forget, Rache … never.”
“You two okay?” asked Mac, always alert, always watching out for his children.
“Fine, Dad … just having a moment,” sniffed Rachel.
Daniel gave his Dad the thumbs up, something he always did to assure his father that his baby sister was okay.
Mac smiled lovingly at them both, his warm, caring smile immediately filling any gap in their emotional tanks.
“Can you carry on, Danny?’ asked Rachel.

November 2010 – Two months with Gramps and Grams in Tanzania.

“Now that was an amazing time,” said Rachel, her blue-eyes beaming.
“Yeah, to enjoy Christmas with them—that was pretty amazing!” Daniel flicked a loose strand of her blonde hair from her eyes.
“I’d love to go visit them soon again.”
“January 2011 … Zimbabwe!” continued Daniel, pointing to the next entry:

10th January 2011 – Arrive in Zimbabwe.

“Wow, feels like yesterday we met Donald and Harry.”
“The 10th of January to be exact … gee, we’ve been on a roller-coaster ride since then!”
“Yeah, a two-day sortie to rescue Dad … against terrorists, facing man-eating lions and hippos on the Zambezi … what were we thinking?!”
“Not much evidently…” joked Daniel.
“Then a fantastic eight days at Vic Falls…”
“And seven event-free weeks serving the beautiful people of Zimbabwe as the hospital base…”
“Which also gave us time to catch up on our home ed. studies,” smiled Rachel, wagging her finger while frowning as if she was a nagging teacher.
“Yeah, I’d rather do maths algebra than face man-eating lions in Zimbabwe or the fiery furnace in Japan any day!” chuckled Daniel.
Smiling, Rachel read the next entry in Daniel’s journal:

15th March 2011 – Arrive in Japan

“Hard to believe that between Tuesday and now, I was nearly incinerated!” Daniel shook his head. It was completely surreal.
“Don’t forget I spent a night with a deadly snake!” reminded Rachel.
“Father God,” Daniel prayed. “You have carried us in Your amazing grace. Your mercies are new every morning. Great is Your faithfulness, O God!”*
“Amen!” agreed Rachel as she hugged her brother really tight. “God is so good.”

* Lamentations 3:22, 23

***

Shortly before landing in London, Mac received a delightful text message from Japan. It was from Matano, the man whose life God had touched so profoundly in the few days they had in the land of the rising sun.
Before meeting the McArthurs and Donald, Matano had been a desperately needy man, fearful and the prisoner of multiple superstitions. He suffered terrible nightmares, which meant he tried to avoid sleep altogether—snoozing no more than a couple of hours a night. His text message, however, testified of his healing and deliverance.

To my new, dear family,
I slept eight hours last night for the first time in twenty-five years! I have no more nightmares, no more fear. Praise Jesus!
Love, Matano

***

Everything went to plan … at first.
Harry had started his retching act about an hour after his evening meal. It was already well after dark. Despite feeling exhausted—he had only slept a few hours during the day—he settled into the most comfortable position possible on the slimy, smelly bathroom floor. 
Every ten minutes or so he would pretend to be sick, using the bread-and-bean mulch saved from earlier, chewing it up and then spewing it on the floor. He was pretty sure he would never be able to stomach bread or beans ever again.
The soldiers seemingly prepared for a repeat of the night before.
The plan would surely have worked … except that the soldier assigned the first shift, again planning to check on the sick old man only every hour, needed to use the toilet himself just ten minutes into his shift.
Finding the old man gone and the bathroom window open, he alerted the other two soldiers. And knowing Harry couldn’t go too far; they unleashed the dogs—hoping to add some entertainment to their boring existence.
To Harry, it was a race for his life. To the cruel soldiers and their ruthless dogs, it was amusement, a thrill-hunt.
Even his plunge into the Lugogo River would not have helped him in the slightest.
Harry would have been, at the very least, severely mauled by the dogs had he not heard these commanding words:
“Come with me if you want to live.”

7

PRESENT DAY – THE DAY AFTER HARRY’S ESCAPE
Friday 18th March 2011

They endured an agonisingly long three-hour layover at Heathrow airport in London. This is actually, by no means, a long layover—unless, of course, you’re wishing time away in order to rescue a loved one.
The McArthurs and Donald were, at last, back on board a flight headed for Africa. 
Next stop?
Entebbe International in Uganda.

***

Harry woke up gradually this time, his thoughts fragmented, his memory hopelessly confused. Yet he felt clean, fresh, rested … reinvigorated.
Did someone wash me?
A delightful smell filled his nose.
Coffee!
He sat up in a flash. “What? Where? How?” The questions poured out.
He found himself on a simple but comfortable bed on the floor of a medium-sized quaint, spotless and well-lit one-roomed dwelling.
There was a small wood-burning stove in one corner and coffee brewing in an old, dented coffee pot.
“Where am I?” Harry shook his head trying to sort out the jumble of pictures in his head: Dr. Marco, bait, beans, soldiers, smelly toilet, dogs! … The river! … The voice!
Before he could fully piece it together, the door to the house creaked open and in walked an imposing figure.
He wasn’t tall, and he was slim built … but his skin was very dark and the sunlight streaming through the door behind him animated his features and enhanced his stature.
He was dressed in old, simple clothes and though bald, he had a bristly beard. And not a fashionable, groomed stubbly beard either, one simply allowed to grow wildly.
Any anxiety and every trace of fear that hovered in Harry’s mind evaporated the second the man looked at him. In that enormous moment of suspense, the man’s face split from ear to ear in the most generous smile Harry ever witnessed. His white teeth matched his beaming countenance, and for a second, he looked familiar to Harry.
“Good morning,” the man said to Harry. “How did you sleep?”
“Umm … uh … fantastic … who are…?”
“Now, now Mzee,” began the man—a Swahili term of respect used for an older man, pronounced “Mz-ay-ay” (“ay” rhyming with “hey”). “Before you ask your questions, let’s have some coffee before I make you breakfast … I’ve got some ugali, which is maize meal cooked into a delicious porridge,” he explained unsure of Harry’s experience in Africa. “I’ve also got some fruit for you and some small but fresh fish. I hope that’s okay?”
“Wow!” Harry was dumbfounded. “Who are you? An angel from God?”
“Maybe something like that,” said the man, a deep contended chuckle emanating from his gentle, soft-natured frame as he poured the coffee into two mugs.
He then sat down next to Harry, handed him his mug and said, “I’m Dembe Lubiga, so glad to have you in my humble home.”
And with that, Harry was not able to get any words out—partly out of sheer grateful shock; partly, out of utter physical exhaustion.
Dembe, sensing the old man’s fatigue, suggested they eat before they talk. “Drink your coffee Mzee. You need some food in your stomach, my friend.”

***

Over a delightful Ugandan breakfast, porridge—ugali—fruit and fish, Harry found his voice.
“Thank you Dembe … thank you … I don’t know where you came from … but you saved my life.”
“My pleasure, Mzee. God is good.”
“Yes, He is … God is faithful … but where did you come from?”
“Long story,” chuckled Dembe. “Short version … God sent me.”
“What?” asked Harry. “Please explain.”
Dembe took a large bite of an apple, put the core down in his bowl, and got more comfortable as he swallowed.
“Okay, I’ll tell you. Long time ago, I had a family. They were killed…”
“I’m so sorry to hear,” Harry couldn’t contain his compassion.
“Soldiers. They come at night and killed the adults and took the children. I wasn’t a good father … lazy, drank a lot, selfish … but with other fathers, I tried to fight the soldiers, tried to protect our women and children…” For a moment, his face went blank, his thoughts drifting to another time.
“And…?” asked Harry.
“They shot me … two times … here,” he pointed to his left arm where a horrible scar marked the entry point of a bullet, “and here” he pointed to his right shoulder. “Then they smashed me in the head with a rifle,” he pointed to a terrible scar behind his right ear, “and left me for dead. I must have passed out because when I woke the next morning, all the adults were dead … the village burnt to the ground … and the children … all of them, gone!”
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” grieved Harry totally lost in the story, knowing that thousands upon thousands of families in central Africa suffered the same horrors as Dembe described. His own adopted son Donald had lost his family in just such an atrocity.
Dembe was quiet and Harry was deeply impressed by his strength. Somehow he had not only survived, but looked at peace; a deep tranquillity beamed from the man.
“I dragged myself to a missionary hospital where they healed my wounds and gave me a Bible, but I was angry, very angry … and fell into a deep, dark depression. I thought of taking my own life many times, but couldn’t do it.
“I drank strong drink more than ever. I tried to sell the Bible for drink-money, but something prevented me from doing so. I remember considering using the pages of the Bible to make a fire to get through a very cold winter, but I couldn’t do that either.”
Dembe took a deep breath. “Then one day, in total despair, I called out to God … the God of the good-hearted missionaries who had given me the Bible … and Harry; God appeared to me.”
“Really?” Harry was beaming, captivated.
“Yes, I don’t know if it was just my imagination or really God, but it was real to me. He didn’t say much, but I felt forgiven, clean, delivered, loved. Total love…”
The tears welled up in his eyes, and one by one large drops ran down his weather-beaten but handsome face.

8

If flapping would help the plane get to Uganda faster, Mac and the children would have flapped their arms out of their sockets.
The hours crawled by while the anxiety mounted.
It’s amazing how quickly eight hours whizz by when you’re having fun. In contrast, time drags out agonisingly, feeling like years, when you know someone you love is in grave danger. This was aggravated by the fact that they were arriving at Entebbe International airport blind.
Where was Harry?
Where do they even start looking?
Was he still alive?
The best course of action Mac figured was to follow Harry’s footsteps. He had planned to go to Kampala, and then on to the area just north of Pakwach; a five-and-a-half-hour drive from Kampala. They would do the same.
Looking for Harry might be like looking for the proverbial needle in a haystack, but since the General was using Harry as bait, Mac was sure it wouldn’t be long before he found them.
Mac had wrestled with the option of sending the children and Donald to his in-laws in Tanzania, Grams and Gramps. While it initially seemed a safer option, he had felt that he could better protect them if they were with him. The General’s reach was extensive—as evidenced in Japan—and there was no actual guarantee that the children would be safer in Tanzania. The last thing he needed was to endanger the lives of the children’s grandparents also.
Mac knew he needed to level the playing field in some way. He wasn’t particularly keen on walking straight into a death-trap set for them.
Keeping his hacked email account open was the first step he took towards wrestling some form of initiative into his hands. He communicated with his boss Roger Johnson what he needed to via his new secure email address, yet shared what he wanted the General to read via his old email address.
Using the old address, he had emailed Harry informing him that they would be coming to Kampala. He mentioned that he had made an appointment so see the police commissioner to report Harry’s disappearance. He included the details: 3:30pm on Friday afternoon, at the main police station—located near the city centre.
Mac knew Harry was likely not in any position to read it; but then he only wrote it for the attention of one man: the General himself.
He hoped to lure the General, or the men working for him, into identifying themselves at a spot he could anticipate. Plus, if it worked, coming face to face with them outside a police station would limit the possibility of weapons being brandished with abandon and mayhem. And, arriving at a location in the city centre, in the middle of the hustle and bustle of a Friday afternoon, would also guarantee that a multitude of people would be around—allowing them to get lost in the crowd.
Smartly, Mac also gave a later arrival time and the incorrect airline in the email written to Harry but intended for the General’s eyes. They were arriving on an early British Airways flight; in the email, he indicated they were arriving on South African Airways via Johannesburg at lunch time. Whether the General fell for it or not; Mac hoped, at the very least, to keep the vengeful warlord guessing.
He was most relieved to hear back from Roger. The international police agreed to despatch an agent to meet him in Kampala.
One solitary agent … an army might be more helpful.
The agent, named Mr. Smith—yes, go figure!—was the same man who had led the task-force in the Zimbabwe operation earlier in the year.
Mac was grateful to have someone he knew assigned to the case. The only other problem—the first being that a solitary man was posted—was that Mr. Smith would only arrive on Sunday from an assignment in the Philippines. They had a long couple of days to get through. Hopefully, they could remain unscathed before back-up, albeit a lone-ranger, would arrive.

***

“Love,” Dembe continued explaining his God-encounter to Harry. “Love … I never knew what it was until that day … And then God spoke to me. I heard Him say, ‘You are Mine, My child, a vessel for My work.’ That was it, that was all He said, but that was more than enough.”
“Wow!” Harry felt a deep love fill his heart for this amazing man.
“Yes, wow!” chuckled Dembe, his face aglow. “There were more wows to come. I then read the Bible from cover to cover, twenty-times … my reading was very poor before, but somehow I could read it. And it made sense, and I understood what God had said to me. I understood that I belonged to Him … I was His child; He was my Father … and I exist to do His will.”
Harry wept openly, Dembe’s story poured wave upon wave of mercy and grace into his old body, renewing his strength, stirring his faith anew.
“Mzee,” Dembe continued, “I wanted to go find my children, but I felt God said, No. I don’t know how to explain it. The chance of finding them was nearly impossible, but if I had my way, I would have tried. Instead, God led me here in Kampala, to this spot on the Lugogo River…”
“So, we are still in Kampala?”
“Yes. About thirty kilometres from the city of Kampala. You see; I feel God has sent me here to expose the gun-running that happens here…”
“Really?” Harry couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Yes, weapons come from abroad in the same aeroplanes that then take our fish, from Lake Victoria, to overseas markets. In the same planes! They bring in the guns and take our fish. Our poor people starve, but not before war and violence fill the land.”
“Oh Dembe…”
“Sorry, Mzee; I share too much … let me tell you how I came to find you.”
“Yes, please,” Harry marvelled, hanging onto his every word.
Dembe was a master story-teller.
And more than that, he was speaking from the heart and his own life experience.

9

Daniel and Rachel quickly packed their bags, and then packed their Dad’s bag in an atmosphere charged with intense urgency. Terrible thoughts of what their father might be enduring at that very moment played on their imaginations.
“I was out fishing and hunting,” explained Dembe, “close to the mansion upriver, when I saw you being carried from a car into the small dwelling on the property.”
“You saw me?” asked Harry.
“Yes, the men carrying you were dressed in military uniforms … I guess that’s what first got my attention, but when I saw you, an older man being so mishandled…”
“I was badly treated?”
“Yes, you were obviously unconscious, but they threw you around like a sack of maize.”
“No wonder my body ached so. I thought I was just getting old.” Harry hadn’t lost his sense of humour.
Dembe smiled. “That’s when I felt God speak to me…”
“Yes?”
“I’ve been investigating the gun-running over these years, but never felt it was time yet…”
“Time?”
“To act.  I’ve been waiting for God’s signal … waiting, praying, learning. When I saw you, I was angry at the way they treated you, and God spoke into my anger and said, ‘Now …now is the time. This man is a key to your future.’ That’s what I heard God say.”
Harry recognised the sense of righteous anger Dembe referred to having felt God’s hot displeasure at injustice many times before.
“I’m a key to your future?”
“Yes, somehow we’re connected Harry…”
It was the first time that Dembe used his name. The confidence with which he spoke made Harry, by no means a gullible man, believe him.
“I waited and watched the dwelling you were held captive in. I wasn’t sure how I was going to rescue you, but then I saw you come running towards me…”
“You watched me that whole time?”
“Yes, for two days … I never left my spot … I waited and prayed and watched … I knew when I saw you escaping, God was at work…”
“It was so dark, how did you see me?”
“Yes, it was dark … but my eyes had adjusted to the darkness; you were running out of the light.”
Harry marvelled. “And…?”
“I realised our only way to get away was the river, so I jumped in when you fell in.”
“Is the river dangerous?”
“Yes, all sorts of dangers … but I know the river well.”
“How far away is that from here?” asked Harry as a shiver ran down his spine.
“Far … you passed out…”
“Oh dear, yes I did.” Harry had no recollection of what transpired after that.
“It was a good thing … I first swam upstream with you and then doubled back downstream later … and carried you out of the river to my home here…”
“How far?”
“We’re about three kilometres from where you were held captive.”
“Three kilometres!” Harry suddenly realised the enormity of Dembe’s rescue act. “Was I unconscious the entire time?”
“You came around once or twice, but you were out most of the time.”
“Dembe … thank you, how can I thank you?”
“No need … you’re my neighbour … doesn’t our Lord teach us to love our neighbour?”
“He does … and to go the extra mile … but you’ve gone way beyond that!
Dembe smiled, the warmth that radiated from him stemmed from a deep, intimate relationship with Father God, “Now, my brother, tell me your story…”
Harry shared his whole story: his calling, Donald, Mac and the children, the General, project New Hope, Dr. Marco … and bait … yes, Mac and the children were in danger. Somehow, in Dembe’s presence, he felt unhurried, at peace, despite the urgency of the situation. It was little surprise to him when Dembe explained that his name meant, “Peace.”
Dembe was delighted to hear that Harry was a missionary doctor, stirred by Harry’s passion to serve his African brothers and moved to tears when he heard that Harry had adopted a young Ugandan child.
Donald had been an eight-year-old child-soldier when a botched bomb incident had knocked him unconscious. He had been left for dead before Harry, serving as a travelling missionary doctor at the time, found him. He had nursed him to health and adopted him as his own. Harry had never married, and had no children of his own.
Through tear-filled eyes, Dembe praised God. “Thank You Father for bringing this man into my life. We are here to do Your will. What do You want us to do?”

***

Their plane arrived on schedule and without incident.
The McArthur family actually had the dubious honour of having survived a plane crash before. They were pleased that this landing was both boring and uneventful.
The first thing they noticed was the warmer weather.
The conditions they worked under in Japan had been freezing cold. As they stepped off the plane, the warm African air greeted them. Even though it was the start of autumn, it was twenty-seven degrees Celsius and climbing. The sky was blue, crisp and clear.
Entebbe International airport is situated on the shores of Lake Victoria, one of Africa’s greatest lakes—shared by three countries Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda. The lake, named after Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom, supports Africa’s largest inland fishery.
“Home,” said Donald as he inhaled deeply. He had not been back to Uganda for some time.
Mac had purchased inconspicuous brown caps from Heathrow airport in London in an attempt to conceal his and his children’s striking blond hair. While Donald did not have blond hair to hide, of course, his cap helped to alter his appearance ever so slightly.
Mac and Rachel kept together, while Donald and Daniel formed a second group maintaining a fair distance from father and daughter. If the General’s men were looking for a party of four, divided into two groups as they were, they might just slip through unnoticed.
Knowing they could be under surveillance, they collected their bags with a sense of urgency. Keeping their heads low, they spoke very little. They all knew the plan: collect the hired car and travel the forty kilometres from Entebbe airport to Kampala as quickly as possible.
Collecting the rental car went without a hitch. With their bags loaded in the trunk, they were just about to head out the airport and Mac was reasonably content. Either they weren’t spotted by the General’s henchmen, or they were expecting them to arrive only later. Perhaps his misleading email had thrown them off. And hopefully, the General and his men had taken his bait … and would face them in Kampala.
His attention was suddenly broken by a low-flying aircraft with two distinct insignia on the tail of the plane. The first was generic and he paid no attention to it, the second—though the smaller of the two—was odd … and familiar.
A sword crossed with what looked like a spear, forming a red X.
He only had a moment as the aircraft whizzed overhead, departing from the airport, but he knew he had seen it somewhere.
Where had he seen it?
“What Dad?” asked Daniel realising his father had noticed something.
“Yes!” gasped Mac, the penny suddenly dropping.


10

“Dad, what?” asked Rachel.
“That plane … the one that just flew overhead…”
“What plane?” Rachel had missed it.
“Yes, I saw it…” added Donald.
“It had an insignia on it, a sword and a spear, a red X…”
“Yes?” asked Daniel.
“I know that insignia…”
“From where?” Daniel was gripped with anticipation.
“It was the military insignia the General’s soldiers wore.”
“What?” gasped Donald.
“Yes, I had never seen it before, but having been held prisoner for forty odd hours by them; I'm surprised I didn’t recognise it immediately. I just couldn’t place it at first.”
“Are you saying that the General is in the plane?”
“No, I don’t think so. It looks like a cargo plane … and it has now departed from the airport … looks like it’s leaving Uganda...”
“So, what are you thinking?” asked Donald.
“The General either owns the plane or uses the plane to do … well, what he does. It means we’re in his territory … we’re close. Keep your eyes open.”

***

After a scrumptious breakfast enhanced by the amazing connection these two strangers felt with each other, Dembe and Harry had agreed to get into Kampala as fast as possible.
Harry wanted to try to find an internet café and contact Mac, letting him know that he had escaped. Perhaps he could stop the McArthurs and Donald from even arriving in Uganda. Hopefully, Mac would get it in time. Then they could avoid the General’s snare.
“What happened to my other shoe?” asked Harry, remembering he had lost one of them in his race for survival. “I lost the one in the run, but I’m interested as to where the other went,” he explained.
“I threw it to the crocodiles,” stated Dembe with no hint of exaggeration.
“What? Crocodiles!”
“Yes, upriver … we swam past three or four crocodiles.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes, they looked interested in us at first, but then fortunately, your pursuers … following the river, unsettled them with their noisy dogs and itchy trigger fingers.”
“Oh my goodness,” Harry trembled at the thought of what happened. “I’m so glad I passed out!”
“Yes, I agree,” Dembe smiled broadly, “I think it helped. It was a little nerve-wrecking to be honest.”
Harry gasped. “A little nerve-wrecking?”
“I took off your remaining shoe and threw it on the bank near the crocodiles. I thought that perhaps your hunters would think the crocs ate you.”
Harry breathed out a deep sigh of relief. “I guess I didn’t need it,” he managed to joke.
Wearing Dembe’s only pair of sandals, Dembe going barefoot—he would have it no other way—Harry and his new friend began the journey to Kampala.
It would involve a lot of walking; they could only hitch a ride from about halfway.

***

The main road to Kampala from the airport was busy and the drive was tense and slow going. Once into Kampala proper, Mac drove even more carefully. The amount of pedestrians on the road was typical for a big African city. He was also taking in his surroundings, trying his best to get an understanding of a city he had never visited before. He stopped every now and again to take notice of a particular landmark, and take a good look at the GPS on his mobile phone. And of course, he regularly checked for any trace of a car following them. None!
“Thank You Father,” he whispered.
Stopping for the umpteenth time, Mac swivelled in his seat and looked back across the seats out of the rear window.
“All okay?” asked a groggy Daniel, who sat at the back with Rachel and was fighting to keep his eyes open. The jetlag had kicked in, and the rising temperatures were lulling all the passengers to sleep.
“Yes, all good.”
“Are we there … Are we anywhere?” asked an exhausted Rachel, not exactly sure what her father was thinking.
“If I have my bearings correct, the police station is about two kilometres down this road…”
“Police station?” asked Rachel.
“I’ll explain soon … I just caught sight of a place we can stay, or at least use as a rendezvous if required.”
“Where, Mac?” asked a weary Donald.
As a bead of perspiration ran down his left temple, Mac pointed at a rundown-looking inn: “There!”
“The Fish’s Belly?” Rachel read the signboard above the hotel’s entrance. “There?” she asked surprised.
“Yes, as inconspicuous as possible to others, yet distinctly memorable to us. What comes to mind when you think of the fish’s belly?”
“Jonah,” said Daniel, Donald and Rachel at the same time.
“Exactly,” said Mac. “Let me see where I can park … umm … okay.”
Mac drove the car another thirty metres down the road and pulled into a parking area. Following the signs, painted in freehand, he drove to the underground parking, and after a few times around the lot, he found a bay to park in.
Mac switched off the ignition and said, “Don’t get out just yet; we need to talk.” The dark, cool underground parking gave them a private, comfortable place to speak.

***

Harry did exceptionally well for the first two kilometres walking through the rough bush, and keeping up with Dembe’s quick pace.
Dembe wanted to avoid the main road to Kampala that Harry’s enemies would be sure to patrol. Plus, through the bush, they would shave off several kilometres.
By the third kilometre, however, Harry started to struggle. His swollen right knee was throbbing, and his bruised body ached.
Dembe stopped, realising the old man was labouring.
“Mzee,” his voice was soft and reassuring. “You’ve done so well.”
“I’m trying, my dear friend…”
“The sandals. Give them to me.”
“Okay,” replied Harry happy to do so, but not sure what Dembe was thinking.
Dembe put the sandals on and then smiled again at Harry.
“There’s still a long way to go,” he explained. “Climb on my back.”
“What? No!”
“Yes, Harry.” Dembe nodded warmly. “I will carry you.”
“But—”
“I’ll manage. We’ll rest when I need a break.”
“But—”
Dembe’s smile broadened, “Dear friend. Trust me.” Then he turned around to offer Harry his back. Harry gratefully got on.
Dembe looked a lot older than his forty-seven years of age, the hardships of life having taken its toll on him. However, he was as strong as a thirty-year-old. And he had the courage of a hippopotamus—which, as every African knows, is even braver than a lion.


11

In the cool privacy of the underground parking lot, Mac outlined his plan for the first time.
The phony email.
The fake meeting in three hours time at the police station.
Agent Smith arriving on Monday.
“Wow, Dad! When did you do all this?” asked Rachel.
“I’m most relieved,” said Donald. “I wasn’t sure what we were going to do.”
Mac continued, “We’ll check in and rest at the inn—” 
“The Fish’s Belly,” interjected Daniel with a chuckle.
“Yes, we’ve got a few hours to catch our breath and get something to eat and drink … and then the action starts.”
Rachel pursed her lips. “What happens then, Dad?”
“We’ll walk to the police station. Rachel you with me, and you two together…”
“Team!” Daniel raised his hands, and Donald slapped a high-five.
“Team!” agreed Donald.
“I don’t know how things will go down; maybe the General hasn’t even read my email. But he may show himself outside the police station, or we might catch a glimpse of some of his men. Maybe that red insignia they wear will give them away…”
“We might even see Harry,” added Rachel.
“Yes, let’s hope,” agreed Donald.
“That will be first prize,” continued Mac, “but all we’re trying to do is draw the General out … into the open … after that, well…”
“God will lead us,” gushed Rachel. “He always does.”
“Amen!” said Donald.
“Only believe,” added Daniel*, quoting the words of Jesus that had become so meaningful to them all through the challenges of the last nine weeks.

* Mark 5:36


After checking into the rundown ‘no-star’ inn, they put their bags in their room and returned to the inn’s restaurant. They seemed to be the only patrons, which suited them fine.
The restaurant was dingy, and badly lit—but amazingly adequate for their purposes. They wanted to remain ‘hidden,’ keeping their whereabouts unknown for as long as possible. Mac selected a cubicle at the far end of the restaurant completely out of sight from the small street-facing windows.
The manager of The Fish’s Belly was an older Ugandan woman named Suzie. She was big-boned, had a stroppy attitude about her, and a horrifying eight centimetre scar down her left cheek made her appear terrifying.
With a series of grunts and groans she took their order for some cold drinks and sandwiches, the only thing the ‘restaurant’ made available on their lunch menu.
After picking at their food—partly because it was unappetising and partly because of their collective stress—Mac cleared the table.
“Okay,” Mac begun, with a rough sketch of the main road and police station he had drawn from the GPS information he had. “We’re going to walk to the police station in two groups on either side of the road. Keep your hats on and your heads down, but stay alert.”
The tension was tangible. Mac spoke in whispers, but his voice seemed to echo off every point of the large room.
“Danny, Don … if you can present yourselves directly outside the front entrance of the police station … take your hats off at that point … Rachel and I will be watching from across the road.”
Donald and Daniel nodded and slapped another high-five, this time simply to relieve a little anxiety.
“As I said, I cannot see them flashing guns in front of the police station, but it goes without saying, be on your guard.”
“Will do,” replied Daniel.
“If we need to split up,” continued Mac, “I’m going to yell … uh … Zachnoid Tumbleweed”—surprising even himself with a name and memory from his younger days.
“What?” gasped Rachel. She would have burst into a fit of giggles except for how edgy she felt.
“Who is Zachnoid … what?” added Daniel managing a full-faced grin.
“You haven’t heard of Zachnoid Tumbleweed from the lost island of Lagoogoo?” Mac did everything he could to keep a straight face. Why he had stumbled on this memory, he couldn’t tell. He was grateful that it thawed their icy tension just a fraction.
“Who?!” Daniel and Rachel said in unison. Donald simply looked at Mac speechless; the deep furrow on his brow added to the dancing curiosity in his eyes was almost comical. He had the best facial expressions … ever.
“Long story,” said Mac playfully. “Remind me to tell you sometime … for now, Zachnoid Tumbleweed is our code name … If I say that name it means we split and rendezvous back here at The Fish’s Belly.”
“But Dad, we stay together, right?” said Rachel.
“Yes, sweetie; you’ll be with me,” Mac reassured her.
“Danny? Don?”
Daniel looked at Donald. Donald nodded looking disappointed that there was no time for Mac to unravel the mystery of Zachnoid Tumbleweed.
“We’re good to go, Dad.” Daniel breathed out slowly.
“Don’t come straight back to the inn,” explained Mac. “The police station is on this main road,” he indicated the road that ran past the inn, “and it runs directly north. If it comes to it, Rachel and I will run up the road, north, and then turn west before returning here. Danny, you and Don run south and turn east before weaving your way back … just in case you’re followed.”
“Dad, I’m scared,” admitted Rachel. The fear was spreading across her face, and she began to tremble. Mac’s heart just about broke.
Was he making a massive mistake?
Should he have sent the children to Tanzania?
“So am I, Rache … so am I.” He put a warm hand on hers, and her trembling began to abate. “Do you want to stay here at the inn?”
“No way,” she replied instinctively. “What if something happened to you?”
“Dad, we must stay together,” said Daniel.
“Okay … let’s pray,” suggested Mac.

***

Dembe carried Harry piggy-back for around twenty minutes at a time, resting for no more than two minutes before starting on the journey again.
He was relentless and didn’t slacken his pace. At the same time, he was gentle with Harry—being carried on someone’s back isn’t easy on a sore body.
Finally, they reached a secondary road having covered nearly twelve kilometres through the bush. The traffic on this road was not at all heavy, but it wouldn’t be too long before they could catch a ride with some kind driver heading to Kampala. And by driver, we’re not talking about a car. The traffic on these roads was of the donkey-cart variety.


12

The police station was exactly one-thousand, seven-hundred and twenty-one metres from The Fish’s Belly … and every metre they walked was pregnant with apprehension.
Were they being watched?
Did the General even read Mac’s bogus email?
If so, what fate awaited them?
If not, what then? How were they going to find Harry?
Donald and Daniel walked up on one side of the road, and keeping behind them by a distance of about thirty metres; Mac and Rachel came up the other side.
The streets were alive with activity, and with their eyes scanning the buildings and street for any hint of a threat, the four of them frequently bumped into pedestrians walking south.
At one point, Daniel went sprawling as a man ran into him at speed, both he and the running man not concentrating on the steps right in front of them. The man had been yelling, “Move!” and “Out-the way!” but Daniel didn’t understand Swahili.
Rachel, watching from behind and across the street, gasped.
“What’s it, sweetie?” asked Mac, having not seen the incident.
“Danny…”
Mac went cold, his eyes quickly darting to the other side of the street. When he couldn’t see Daniel and could only partially see Donald bent over and tending to a twist of bodies on the ground, panic descended on him like an avalanche.
Aware that his father and sister may be concerned, Daniel leapt to his feet, held up his hand to indicate that he was okay. He had lost his breath, and had banged his head on the cement walkway hard. He could feel the bump immediately, but was already searching for his cap that had gone missing in the fall.
“He’s okay, Dad. Are you?” asked Rachel.
“Yes thanks, sweetie,” Mac replied. “If anything happens to you or Danny, I … I …” He didn’t allow himself to finish the sentence. He let out a deep breath and at that moment, Rachel realised just how burdened her father was.
Donald helped the running man to his feet, who was partially dazed by the accident, and then helped Daniel recover the cap which had been kicked under an overflowing dustbin.
Seeing Daniel and Donald back on their way, Mac said: “Game on, let’s go.”

***

As planned, Daniel and Donald took off their caps on arrival at the police station and stood in front of the main entrance, which was only about twenty metres from the street itself. They were grateful to see a police guard on duty in an entrance foyer cubicle; surely, the General’s men wouldn’t come out guns blazing.
Mac and Rachel stopped on the other side of the road; hidden behind a bus shelter, having the entire police station in view. From here, Mac hoped to spot the General or anyone he was sending to the scene. Plus, it kept Rachel as far away from the danger-zone as possible, which wasn’t far. They were at the most forty metres from the hotspot where Daniel and Donald stood, but Mac took what consolation he could.
Ten minutes passed by, nothing.
Another twenty minutes crawled along, still nothing.
Just when Daniel was tempted to ask Mac what they should do—Mac had stressed over and over again, for him and Donald not to give he’s position away on the other side of the street, a booming voice arrested his thoughts.
“Donald! Daniel! Is that you?”
They spun around; the voice was familiar, but they could not yet place it.
“Dr. Marco!” they both said as their eyes fell on the stout Italian doctor. “What? Where?”
“It is you!” Dr. Marco continued. “What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in Japan?”
Daniel looked at Donald and shrugged.
“Dr. Marco,” gushed Donald. “Where is my father? Where’s Harry?”
“At the hotel,” answered Marco immediately. “He’s having a rest. I was on my way to the shops. What are you doing here?”
“He’s with you? Harry’s okay?” gasped Daniel.
“My father’s okay?” asked a bewildered Donald.
Was this all a chronic misunderstanding?
Was Harry really okay?
“Where’s Mac? Where’s your father, Daniel?”
“Julius!” Mac arrived on the scene from behind Dr. Marco. He had left Rachel behind the bus shelter, confident that their position there was unknown. Although Rachel had initially been delighted at the sight of Dr. Marco, thinking how fortunate it was to run into him, Mac’s expression told her not to consider it a blessing just yet. All he had said was “Stay out of sight. If you see us run, go up this street and turn left at the first road. I’ll be right behind you.” She had gulped; she had no words.
“Julius!” Mac repeated, and stuck out his hand to shake the doctor’s hand. They had worked together over a seven-week period, yet Dr. Marco was a closed book to Mac.
“Mac! Great to see you … aren’t you supposed to be in Japan?” asked the doctor.
“Where’s Harry?” asked Mac bluntly.
“Dad, isn’t this great…?”
“Where’s Harry?” asked Mac cutting Dr. Marco with a sharp look. He still held the doctor’s hand tightly in his.
“He’s at the hotel, having a sleep,” replied Marco. “Come, you must come with me. I’ll take you to see him.” He tried to take his right hand out of Mac’s grip as he scratched his head of dark hair with his left hand.
“What are you doing here?” asked Mac.
“What? Umm…” A bead of perspiration ran down Marco’s temple and clean-shaven cheek.
“He was going shopping,” Daniel interjected, not sure what his father was doing and surprised that he didn’t see the good fortune in this chance encounter.
Mac looked annoyed at Daniel’s interruption, but continued to glare at Dr. Marco, holding onto his hand with an iron grip. “Julius, what were you shopping for?”
“Mac? What’s wrong?” asked Dr. Marco. “Let go of my hand.” Even though the Italian doctor was a strong man himself, Mac had purposely got a full grip of his fingers. And as every man knows, once you’ve lost the initiative in a handshake, it's nigh impossible to get it back.
“What were you shopping for?” repeated Mac.
“Umm … uh…” Marco stammered, his eyes this time darting left and right, “Whatever … umm … milk and bread…”
“Milk and bread? But you’re staying at a hotel?” Mac squeezed Marco’s hand with all his might and as the man squealed, Mac spun him around hard. He let go of his hand to send Marco tumbling to the floor. Then Mac yelled, “Zachnoid Tumbleweed!”
Still not completely sure what was going on, both Daniel and Donald didn’t waste time asking questions. They bolted … running south.
Two men dressed in civilian clothes not ten metres behind them, blending into the crowd, suddenly gave chase—bearing down on the young men.
Mac turned to run in the other direction, his eyes darting across the street to see Rachel already on the run.
“Good girl,” he muttered under his breath.
A third man, also dressed in civilian clothes, first yanked Marco to his feet and then together they pursued Mac.

***

Always amazed at the generosity of the poor in Africa, Harry was not surprised that the driver of the first donkey-cart that came by stopped to give them a lift.
The driver was an old, old man with more gums than teeth and blind in one eye. He didn’t speak English but Harry was fluent in Swahili.
The man went to market in the city once a week and stayed overnight with a relative. He was very happy to share his two carrots with his new travelling companions. The people of Uganda are among the most friendly, generous people on the planet.
The journey into the city was long, dusty and when they finally arrived, Harry could hardly speak. His mouth was so dry and his throat so parched; he could barely breathe.
The kind driver first took them to his relative’s house for some refreshments. And once their thirst was relieved, and energy partially restored; he directed them to a section of the city in which they might find an internet café. Of course, the old man did not know what Harry was talking about, but his relative was fairly sure Harry would find what he was looking for.


13

Both Daniel and Donald were fantastic athletes. While Donald was suited to long distance running, Daniel was built for speed over one or two hundred metres, but was fit and able to manage a long distance chase.
Within two hundred metres, they had extended the lead on their pursuers to about thirty metres. The busy streets helped them too. The chaos they caused by yelling, “Move!” and “Watch out!” left numerous obstacles in their wake, which the chasing soldiers, seemed unable to avoid.
“Quick!” yelled Daniel. “In there!”
“Huh?” puffed Donald, wanting rather to continue building their lead.
“In here,” insisted Daniel as he burst through the heavy, double wooden doors of an old building. He wasn’t sure what the building was, but had seen someone enter the doors just a moment before them. And he had an idea.
Donald followed him in as the heavy doors swung open, giving way as their momentum carried them through, swinging closed behind them. He was shocked when Daniel abruptly stopped on the other side of the doors in what was an entrance foyer to an open-plan office area.
“What?” he gasped, short of breath. “But Danny,” he wheezed, “they saw us come inside,” and then turning to the startled office workers bemused by the commotion, “Uhhh … hello…” Six women and three men greeted Donald awkwardly from behind their office cubicles.
“Yes, I know,” panted Daniel totally unaware of the bewildered audience, “just stand here and get ready.” Daniel positioned his shoulder against one of the doors. Leaning his weight against it, he dug his feet into the carpet. “Quickly,” he said, “man your door!”
Still breathing heavily, Donald complied, realising what Daniel hoped to do.
The soldiers would be on them in the next few moments.
“When they come through, push!” explained Daniel, an anxious frown on his face, his whole body heaving for breath. “This had better work,” he muttered to himself.
Their pursuers would come bursting through the doors…
“Now!” yelled Daniel.
Both he and Donald thrust their weight against the heavy doors just as they sensed the soldiers reach them on the other side.

CRRRRRRUUNNCCHHHHH!

Daniel and Donald gasped at the force exerted upon their shoulders, and both bounced backwards before holding on to the door to steady themselves. The deafening noise on the other side of the door, however, dwarfed any sound they made.
Besides the sound of crunching bones against the door, they had also heard two sharp yelps of agonised surprise. Expecting the doors to give, the soldiers’ full momentum had mashed them against the heavy doors.
Now there was only silence as the wooden doors remained closed.
Six women and three men were on their feet, whatever office work they had nowhere near as interesting as the show that had come crashing into their midst.
“Should we look?” asked Daniel only now becoming aware of the office they’d disturbed.
“Sorry to bother,” Donald apologised to the rather bemused onlookers, who started applauding for some reason. Perhaps they were grateful for the enforced break from their work; maybe they didn’t know what else to do given the awkwardness of the incident.
Turning back to Daniel, “Yes, let’s look,” as he pushed both doors open with difficulty, two bodies now blocking them.
After a little struggle, Daniel and Donald forced open the doors. At their feet, lay two unconscious men. One clearly had a broken nose. The other one looked like he had mangled his wrist. Both had firearms strapped to their sides.
“I’m sorry,” gasped Daniel unable to contain the sense of remorse he felt. “They’re not dead, are they?”
Donald, a trainee medical student, felt their pulses. “No, both are alive. Well done, Daniel. What made you think of using the doors?”
“Ummm. I think I saw it in a movie once. I never thought it would work though,” he admitted.
“You didn’t?” asked Donald, slightly stunned.
“Well it did. Now let’s get back to the inn.”
“You go,” suggested Donald. “I’m going to try to find Dr. Marco. I’ll trail him; hopefully he will lead me to the hotel he mentioned. Otherwise, we’re out of leads…”
“Let me come with you.”
“No, if your father and Rachel are already at the inn, then they’ll be worried not knowing what happened to us…”
“Good point,” acknowledged Daniel, “just don’t let Dr. Marco see you.”
“I won’t,” promised Donald. “As soon as I have the location of the hotel or wherever it is Marco is staying, I’ll get back to the inn.”
A confused, groggy moan from one of the soldiers interrupted their discussion.
“Quick, let’s get out of here,” suggested Daniel.
“See you later Danny. God-speed!”
“May He give you wings, brother.”

***

After a frustrating search, Harry and Dembe finally found an internet café. Unsuccessfully waving away a heavy cloud of cigarette smoke that hung in the air of the café, Harry had to wait for a computer terminal to become available.
Dembe spoke gently to him the whole time, often quoting Scripture, regularly putting a comforting hand on Harry’s shoulders to calm his rising anxiety.
“I’ve got to get word to Mac,” Harry kept saying, “I’ve got to prevent them from coming to Kampala.”

***

Within two hundred metres, Mac had caught up to Rachel. She too was quick but Mac was still very athletic and had been a 100-metre and 200-metre champion in his youth.
By this stage, Marco had already given up the chase; he hadn’t run more than fifty metres for a decade or more. Mac, however, knew they still had one assailant after them.
If he was alone, he may have taken the man on.
But not with Rachel present. He couldn’t risk leaving her vulnerable, and even if he took on their pursuer to give Rachel the chance to return to the inn, what if she got lost?
No, he had to deal with their chaser another way.
They weaved through the busy road, an unending stream of people. Mac could sense Rachel was tiring, and becoming panicky. She too took the brunt of the people they bumped into. Being light weight, she was not able to burst through the gaps between them and by the second time she tripped, Mac knew their pursuer would catch them in the next two hundred metres.
“Turn here,” he yelled to Rachel as they came to a four-way crossing.
Rachel obliged and turned the corner, Mac right behind her.
Twenty seconds.
He had no more than twenty seconds.
They would be out of their pursuer’s line of sight for twenty seconds at the most.
“Keep running, Rachel!” Mac yelled as he settled on a plan. She looked at him confused for just a moment, but then put her eyes forward and pumped her arms with all her might. She didn’t know what her father was up to, but she trusted him without question.
Her lungs were burning. With a terrible pain in her left side, she longed to stop to rest, to catch her breath. And water, oh water!
But her father had said, “Keep running”—her only response was to keep running … as fast as her exhausted legs could carry her.
Grateful she had plunged on down the street, Mac dived into the doorway of a bottle store. Any second now, their attacker would burst around the corner.
Mac tucked himself out of sight.
Just in time.
The soldier flew around the corner, his arms and legs a blur of motion as he whizzed past Mac.
Once passed him, Mac pulled himself to his feet. His muscles had already started to freeze such was the strain he had exerted in the chase.
He cranked his body into action, and now he gave chase … of the man pursuing his daughter.
It was only then that he caught the gleam of a huge army knife in the man’s right hand. It cut through the air as the soldier pounded down the road, the light catching the thirty centimetre blade.
Mac’s muscles screamed, now forced again into full-steam action, a new shot of adrenalin laced with fear driving him on.
He was now some twenty metres behind the soldier, who had closed the gap on Rachel to about the same distance.
Mac pumped his arms desperately; he had to catch the soldier before the soldier caught Rachel.
Run Rachel run!
Don’t look behind you … just keep running!
 


14

Finally, a computer became available.
Harry rushed over and typed in his email provider in the Google search bar.
“Come on, come on!” he muttered.
Then he entered his email name and password.
The computer was slow … infuriatingly slow.
“Come on!” he couldn’t contain his frustration.
Slowly, slowly—shouting at computers never speeds them up—his inbox opened.
An email, several in fact bloated his inbox.
Harry immediately saw Mac’s email.
“No! No!” he muttered as he read its contents.
“Mzee,” Dembe’s calm voice. “What’s wrong?”
“Mac … the children … they’re already in Kampala … what’s the time?”
Frantically, he looked for a clock on the wall and then remembered there was a clock on the computer.

4:13 PM

“No! They arrived this morning. They made an appointment at the police station at 3:30pm…”
“The police station is in the city centre. About five kilometres from here,” explained Dembe.
“No! The Blue Angus Hotel is also in the city centre, isn’t it?”
“Yes, around the corner from the police station.” Dembe knew Kampala well.
“We’re too late … Marco … was waiting for them. No!!!”
“Mzee,” again Dembe’s voice was calm and soothing. “Maybe your son and friends have avoided this man Marco. What then? What would you do then?”
“Ummm,” Harry scratched his chin. “Okay, good point. Let me email Mac. If he avoided capture, I’m sure he’ll check his emails at some point. What do I say?”
“Tell him you’ve escaped. Tell him you’re in Kampala.”
“Okay, anything else? Should I tell him where we are?”
“No,” said the wise Dembe. “I’m not sure how these emails work but say as little as possible. Let him reply first…”
“Thank you, Dembe,” breathed Harry as he tapped away at the keyboard. His mind was frazzled.

***

Although the soldier was confused as to where Mac had gone, he knew catching Rachel would be sufficient. Mac wouldn’t stay away if his daughter was caught. He had no idea Mac was now hot on his heels.
One thing occupied Mac’s mind. Save Rachel.
He didn’t feel the burn in his lungs or the ache in his sides.
He knew the soldier was closing on Rachel faster than he was closing on the soldier.
“Breath on me Father!” he prayed.
He felt a surge of energy shoot through his body, or was it that the soldier seemed to miss a step in exhaustion?
Either way, in those few strides, he now seemed closer to the soldier than the soldier was to Rachel.
Now what?
What do I do?
Mac imagined a target on the soldier’s broad back.
He had played rugby at university, starring in the first team as a flank. Even if you aren’t a fan of rugby, or don’t know a thing about the game, all you need to know is that tackling is one of the key jobs of a flank. And Mac could tackle hard.
It had been nearly twenty years since he had made a tackle, but you never lose the skill. 
Just as he was about to decide on when he was going to launch into a tackle, Rachel looked behind her.
No!
Too soon!
I’m too far back!
Exhausted, confused, glancing backwards, Rachel lost her footing and crashed to the ground.
The soldier delighted, slackened his pace, preparing to pounce on his prey.
Not sure if he was close enough, Mac launched himself into the air, his eyes fixed on the imaginary target on the soldier’s back.
Mac’s eighty-five kilogram body sailed through the air, driven by a father’s desire to protect his child. Smashing into the soldier, Mac’s right shoulder hit the middle of his back, his arms clasping around the soldier’s midriff.
Twisting slightly in the air, Mac had aimed his trajectory to line up with a street side information pole.
The startled soldier’s head snapped back as the brute force of Mac’s momentum crunched into his back, and before he knew it, he collided face first with the steel pole.

CRRAAAAACCKKKKK!

The soldier buckled in contact with the pole.
The pole itself bent under the enormous impact.
Mac rolled off the soldier’s crumpled body, slightly dazed.
The soldier’s knife had flung from his hand and now bounced just behind Rachel, who saw the deadly weapon for the first time.
Everything had happened so quickly. She hadn’t known what her father was up to. Now he lay on the street sidewalk moving but clearly in pain.
“Daddy!” she cried, lifting herself off the floor, running to his side.
“Rachel!” gasped Mac, grateful for her help as he staggered to his feet. “Hope he’s not dead,” Mac muttered as he felt for the man’s pulse. “He’s got a pulse, but he’s in a bad way.” Turning to the many onlookers who had stopped, now slowly forming a circle around the scene, “Police! Call the police. Call an ambulance, please!”
The growing audience looked confused, most not wanting to get involved, but all intrigued, curious.
Then focusing on a well-dressed Ugandan—most of the audience were evidently very poor, and Mac was unsure if they understood English or his accent.
“Sir! Do you speak English?”
“Ah, yes,” replied the man.
“Please call an ambulance. This man was trying to attack us, but he’s not in a good way now. He needs help. Please get help!”
“Yes, yes. Okay.”
Mac grabbed Rachel’s hand, “Come let’s get out of here.”

***

Returning to The Fish’s Belly, Mac was relieved beyond words to find Daniel already there. The reunion was intense but short. Mac was anxious to know where Donald was.
Daniel explained what had happened.
“Brave Donald,” said Mac. “Smart, brave Donald. It seems Marco’s down three soldiers now. Let’s hope Donald can find out where he’s staying. Otherwise, we don’t have a single lead to go on.”
Rachel suggested they pray, and after spending some time asking Father God to protect and guide Donald, they decided to shower and put on a clean change of clothes. Rachel had torn her pants and Mac had ripped his shirt. Both were nursing cuts and scratches. Mac’s neck felt stiff, the muscles obviously bruised from the collision. Daniel’s shoulder felt bruised, but he was certainly the best off of the three.
After a shower, Mac paid for internet usage—grateful that the inn had the service. He was pretty sure they wouldn’t. He turned on the slow dial-up connection, opened his new email browser, signed in his new secure details.
Three sets of eyes were glued to the screen. Rachel and Daniel, with nothing else do, were as eager as he was to hear some news.



15

Six eyeballs watched Mac’s new email browser open.

You have (1) emails.

From: Roger Johnson
Subject: How are you?

Roger was simply inquiring on the progress Mac was making.
He logged out and closed the email browser down. Then he opened his old email browser and signed into his hacked account.
The internet connection was agonisingly slow.

You have (4) emails.

Three pairs of eyes impatiently scanned the details of the four emails.
One was from Harry!
“What?!” they all gasped as they read his email.
“He’s escaped!” gasped Rachel.
“And somewhere in Kampala!” added Daniel.
“Well done my friend,” whistled Mac. “We’ve wrestled back the advantage. Thank You Father!”
“Can I be the one to give Don the great news when he gets back?” asked Rachel.
“Sure sweetie.”
“What now, Dad?” asked Daniel.
“Yes, we need to be smart from here. First, I’ll email Harry and tell him to contact Roger at HQ. He also knows Roger’s secure line, it’s part of our contingency plans at WCI. Then I’ll email Roger, and give him our physical address here at The Fish’s Belly to pass on to Harry.”
“Great idea.” Rachel breathed out deeply. “Then we can all get out of here.”
Daniel saw his father’s face grimace as he tapped away at the keyboard.
“We’re not leaving, are we, Dad?”
“What?” Rachel was confused.
“We’re not going to leave Kampala, are we?”
“Of course we are. In a hurry,” blurted Rachel.
“You are,” Mac replied opening his secure mail again to email Roger Johnson. “You’ll go back to Zimbabwe with Harry and Don. I’ve got to finish this.”
“Finish what, Dad?” Rachel was trembling.
“The General won’t just suddenly drop this, sweetie. How many times can we keep dodging his revenge attempts? Somehow, I’ve got to finish this.”
“But how?” Daniel asked.
“Agent Smith arrives on Monday,” continued Mac, tapping away at the keyboard with more force this time. “If I can find the General and his hideout; maybe we can catch him this time.”
“Just the two of you?” asked Daniel.
“Well, having you around will only…” Mac didn’t finish the sentence. “Danny, if anything happened to you or Rachel…”
“But what if something happens to you, Daddy? Then what?” Tears streaked down Rachel’s pretty face.
“Dad, we’re not going. I don’t know what we can do to help, perhaps nothing. But being close, praying, we can do that. We’re not leaving Kampala without you,” said Daniel. Fighting off tears of his own, Daniel was not being defiant or disrespectful to his father. He was merely expressing his desire to help, and his concern. Losing one parent so young was a burden no one should bear. Mac knew how he felt; it was the reason he hadn’t sent them to Tanzania when he had the chance.
“Okay, Danny,” he spoke softly. “I hear you. You’re the best kids in the world, do you know that? I love you so much it hurts.”
Rachel threw herself into his arms. Daniel joined the hug as they all wept together.

***

Donald returned two hours later just when the McArthurs were starting to get nervous.
They traded stories before Donald explained that he had watched Dr. Marco pace around the police station for almost an hour. Then he had followed him to a hotel called the Blue Angus, just around the corner from the station.
Dr. Marco had paced in front of the hotel for another hour, looking increasingly frustrated. He had even kicked over a dustbin and tortured some insect that had flown into his face.
He was also on the phone frequently, evidently without success—presumably trying to get hold of the soldiers that had chased them.
Eventually, the two soldiers who had pursued Donald and Daniel returned, hobbling and in some discomfort. Dr. Marco had slapped the one soldier, and yelled for at least three minutes straight while pointing a finger in the face of the other. What he said, Donald wasn’t sure. He had been too far away to hear a word.
“Just as well,” joked Rachel.
Mac didn’t ask about the soldier who had chased them; sure he would be spending the night in a hospital somewhere.
Dr. Marco and the two soldiers had disappeared inside the hotel and when they didn’t come out for another hour, Donald had found his way back to the inn.
Finishing his account, Donald became subdued.
“Now what?” he shook his head. “We don’t know where my father is?”
Only then did the McArthurs remember that they hadn’t told Donald the good news.
Donald couldn’t contain his joy when Rachel explained the email they’d received from Harry.
He danced and twirled and praised and sang … and danced some more around the hotel room.

***

Dembe and Harry shared a small meal at a tiny bistro next to the internet café. Harry of course didn’t have a cent on him, but even if he did, Dembe would have insisted on paying for his guest.
“Mzee, you’re in my country. It is my treat.”
Harry so enjoyed Dembe’s company, and although he was anxious to check his emails again soon, he knew that it could be a long time before he received a reply. They had decided to hang around the internet café for the evening before staying at a hotel close by if they needed to.
Even though Dembe usually lived off the land—the fish he caught, small animals he hunted and the fruit and vegetables he grew—he had a fair bit of money on hand. He explained that he came into the city every so often to continue his research on the gun-running trade.
Whenever he did, he would pick up a few odd jobs here and there to pay his way and save … save for just such an eventuality that they now faced.
“Dembe, tell me what you’ve discovered so far?”
“Well, as you might know, Lake Victoria is home to the Nile Perch, a large fish introduced to the river in the 1950s…”
“Introduced? So it’s not indigenous to the lake?”
“No, it’s not. In fact, the Perch is a predator and has destroyed many of the fish species who were native to the lake. It is a real monster; now the Nile Perch has turned cannibalistic, feeding on each other…”
“That’s terrible…”
“Yes, but the fish has become a central part of the fishing industry around Lake Victoria. The problem is that it’s largely exported overseas to the expensive Western markets, when so many in our country are poor and starving.”
Harry was saddened by this news, unaware that it seemed completely disconnected from the question of gun-running he had asked. His compassion for the underprivileged was the driving force of his life.
“From there the problem takes on epic proportions,” continued Dembe. “You see, the very cargo planes that export our fish to the Western markets, first bring in illegal weapons into our country.”
“Are you sure, Dembe? Is that not just a rumour?”
“Harry, I’ve seen it.”
“You’ve seen it?”
“Yes, there is a notorious gun-runner in these parts. His planes leave Entebbe in the name of exporting Perch to the world. But his planes arrive full of weapons. When I first arrived in Kampala, I took a part time job at the airport. As part of the cleaning staff. I was able to peak around at the activities happening down on a ‘private’ airstrip outside the grounds of the airport. I saw soldiers unpacking boxes of weapons with my own eyes…”
“What? What did you do?”
“I tried to report it to the airport officials and lost my job on the spot. My life was threatened. It was then that I realised I had to do my own research, disappear from sight, live off the land … and wait for God’s timing.”
“How long ago was that?”
“Nearly five years ago.”
“Five years, wow! It’s been going on for five years?”
“A lot longer than that Harry, but the current warlord took over the operation about four years ago. From what I’ve been able to work out, he killed the previous general, and took over the enterprise.”
“Did you say, the previous general? Like the title stays, but the leader himself may change?”
“Yes, Mzee. In that way, the General’s reputation grows even though leadership changes.”
“So,” Harry’s eyebrows tightened. “How do you think the General that is after us is connected?”
“Hmmm,” mused Dembe. “I think your General and this new general may be the same man. The monster that’s trying to kill your family is the monster I’ve been tracking.”
Harry was speechless.
Dembe’s eyes sparkled. “We’re connected Harry, in this and other ways, I feel we’re connected.”



16

The McArthurs and Donald had dinner at the inn; huddled in the concealed part of restaurant they had made their own.
The only thing on the menu was fish or hamburgers.
“Lake Victoria is known for its Nile Perch, a massive predator fish that can grow up to six feet long,” explained Donald.
“Six feet!” gasped Rachel. “That’s as tall as you are Dad.”
“Yes, but don’t worry Rache, you don’t have to eat a six-footed Perch,” smiled Mac.
They all laughed, Rachel’s laughter drowning out the others.
Besides the fact that they were anxiously waiting for some word from Harry or Roger Johnson, and remained on the “most wanted” list of a notorious, war-mongering General, they could have easily been mistaken for tourists on holiday. And despite the inn-keeper’s grumpiness, and the dingy restaurant they occupied, the mood was relaxed and charged with a sense of hope.
Harry was safe. That was the best news.
The General was evidently not around at this point and Julius Marco clearly had no idea where they were.
They could unwind and catch up with themselves … at least for now.
They all ordered the fish. Donald cautioned them against the hamburger, mentioning “the meat may be, well, let’s just say, a little suspect.” Just offshore of Lake Victoria, the fish was sure to be fresh.
And it was … fresh and delicious.
The hungry foursome ate with relish.
“I’ve never eaten Perch before,” explained Donald.
“What?” asked Daniel. “You’ve never eaten Perch in your own country?”
“Yes, Perch is not really available to the poor. It’s very expensive, sold overseas and to tourists and the rich.”
“Well, eat up then my friend,” smiled Mac. “There’s plenty here. You can make up for the many years you went without.”
“Thank you, Mac,” said Donald as he guzzled on another piece of fish. Then turning to Rachel, “Rache, what’s a group of fish called? A shoal or a school?”
Rachel loved collecting collective nouns, and was a verifiable master on the subject.
“Both,” she replied without batting an eyelid. “A group of fish can be called a school, a shoal, a run, a haul or a catch.”
“And dolphins?” asked Daniel, more to test her knowledge than anything else.
“A pod of dolphins,” she replied. “A group of whales can also be a pod, or a school or a gam.”
“A gam of whales?” asked Donald as his left eyebrow arched.
“Yes…”
“If I had a dollar for every collective noun you knew,” joked Daniel. “Ha! I bet you don’t know what a group of coins is called?”
“A rouleau of coins,” replied Rachel triumphantly.
“You’re kidding,” Daniel pretended to be vexed.
“No, it’s the French word for roll. A roll of coins.”
“Admit defeat, Danny,” teased Mac. “It’s not advice I usually give—except in this instance. Your sister has bested you!”
“Yes,” chuckled Donald, “as the saying goes, one should never rub bottoms with a porcupine…”
Mac and Daniel burst into laughter.
“Hey!” squealed Rachel in mock indignation, trying hard to hide her smile. “Did you just call me prickly?!”
“Oops!” gasped Donald, trying to hide a grin of his own. “No, no. I only meant Daniel doesn’t stand a chance…”
“Rachel … Miss Porcupine,” chuckled Mac, “has got you both at her mercy now!”
“Okay, okay. You win!” smiled Daniel, holding his hands up in surrender.
“I surrender too,” grinned Donald.
“Incidentally,” smiled Rachel, feeling king-of-the-castle, “that proverb of yours Donald was delightful.”
“Yes,” replied Donald, his grin bigger still. “I must just work on my timing.”

***

Suzie, the inn-keeper, worked hard and was supported by just one other, the kitchen chef. While there were very few people staying at the hotel, Suzie had her hands full. The kindness, patience and helpfulness shown by the McArthurs and Donald seemed to be slowly winning her over.
After coming to clear their table after dinner, she found the table already cleared. She also found the only two other tables used that night, by guests who had now left, also cleared and cleaned.
Although she didn’t say thank you—and nor did they expect her to—she mumbled something to Donald in Swahili as she left the room.
“What did she say?” asked Rachel.
He smiled. “She said: nice white people; didn’t know there were any.”
“She’s had a hard life,” said Mac. “It’s clear; she’s known cruelty in her life.”
“You’ve made an impression. She is a hard, tough lady that one,” agreed Donald.
“Listen, I’m going to check my emails again. Let’s hope we hear something.”
“We’ll stay here in the restaurant,” said Daniel. “It’s only just after 8:00pm. Way too early to hit the sack.”
“Yes, hopefully Harry arrives before we go to sleep.” Rachel expressed their collective wish.
Donald couldn’t express his hope in words.

***

“Any news?” asked Dembe.
“Still not,” said Harry, he’s shoulders were hunched, and despair was written all across his face. In the dull light, his bushy broom-like moustache looked way too big for him. 
Harry had checked his email three times and still had received no word from Mac.
Was he okay? Were the children okay?
Or were they….?
“Mzee,” Dembe spoke softly, “Remember, He … our God … He does carry the weight of the world on His shoulders. You don’t have to.”
Dembe’s words were fortified by a rock-solid confidence in God’s faithfulness. There was no trace of glibness in his words. This wasn’t a shallow answer to a complex problem. He then quoted 1 Peter 5:7, and despite the reality of Harry’s predicament, the words were not pat or clichéd. They imparted fresh faith into Harry’s despondent soul:

“Cast all your care upon Him, for He cares for you.”

“Thank you, Dembe. You’re amazing, a true God-sent. Perhaps we should go find a place to sleep for the night.”
“Not yet,” replied Dembe. “I’ve got an idea. We’ve got time on our hands.”
“What?” asked Harry, as he scratched his itchy grey-haired head, unsure what his new friend had up his sleeve.
“Part of our strategy. Come with me, and then afterwards we can check your emails one more time. The internet café is open until late.”
“After what?”
“No more questions. Come,” he beckoned.

***

“Good news,” Mac returned to their concealed table at the rear of the restaurant.
“Yes?” asked Donald hopefully.
“Roger Johnson replied to my email. He said he had heard from Harry and had passed on our location. Now it just depends on whether Harry is able to check his emails again.”
“Obviously no reply from Harry then?” asked Rachel.
“No,” answered Mac. “I’m sure he’ll just head over here once he gets the news.”
“I’m still holding my breath,” said Donald. “Until I see him alive, safe and with us…” He stopped as his bottom lip began to quiver.
Mac put a consoling hand on Donald’s shoulder and squeezed gently. Then turning to Daniel, “Danny, see if you can get us a pot of coffee. I see the kitchen’s still open.”
“Okay,” said Daniel as he got up and skipped out the room.

***

Another two hours dragged by. The coffee had helped kill the first twenty minutes, but the next hour and forty minutes were agonising.
Rachel picked at her nails.
Daniel dug in the sugar jar with a spoon.
Donald stared at a spot on the restaurant table.
Realising that they were all exhausted as the clock ticked past ten o’clock, Mac was about to suggest that Rachel and Daniel consider going to sleep. He knew Donald wouldn’t, but it had been a very long day preceded by a terribly long trip at the end of an extremely long week.
“Dad!” gasped Rachel.
“What?” Daniel got a fright.
“Someone’s hovering around at the front entrance, and it’s not Harry.”
Mac was on his feet in a shot. A barrage of questions sprung to mind:
Had Marco found them?
If so, how?
What now?
How many soldiers were there?
Was there a back door to this inn?
“It’s a Ugandan man. He’s coming over here now?” Also on his feet, Donald stated what they all saw.
“Dad?” Rachel asked fretfully.
In the dim light, the man appeared alone but was definitely making his way straight to their spot in the restaurant. They were the only patrons left in the large room.
“Easy now,” said Mac trying to calm the rising anxiety they all felt. One man was manageable; still he was trying to figure out an escape plan.
Then from behind the intruder, hidden in his shadow, stepped out a second man … a clean-shaven man with dark hair.


17

He could hear the phone ring. It rang and rang and rang.
He tried again.
He added the international dialling code and then the long phone number.
The phone rang again; the line seemed better this time.
“What?” a high-pitched voice answered, clearly annoyed by the call.
“Just reporting in sir,” Marco’s voice was riddled with nerves.
“What? Tell me,” barked the shrill voice with a distinct east European accent.
“Uh, sir,” Marco cleared his throat. “They, um, they got away…”
“What?!”
“Yes, I tried to lure them away from the police station as planned—”
“What went wrong?”
“Mac. Um, Dr. McArthur didn’t fall for it.”
“McArthur!” The General’s high-pitched, shrill voice pierced Marco’s ears. “Was he alone?
“No, the children were with him.”
“And they all got away?”
“Yes, they’re a formidable team.”
“They’re kids, Marco, kids! How did you botch this up?”
“Sir, I’m sorry. We gave chase, but they beat up three of our soldiers—”
“Useless! All of you. Now what?”
“Umm,” trembled Marco. “I’ll put the word out on the street; offer a reward. Maybe someone will turn them in.”
“You’d better do something. What of the old doctor, what’s his name…”
“Harry?”
“Yes, Harry…”
“Um, uh, we still have him captive,” lied Marco. He couldn’t bring himself to give the General more bad news.
“Kill him!”
“What?”
“Kill him. I’ve had enough. McArthur must pay. Kill the old man, and hunt down the McArthurs. They won’t leave Kampala as long as Harry’s missing.”
“Okay, then.”
“I’m arriving on Monday as planned on the cargo plane with some of my babies of destruction,” the General snickered, referring to the new weapons he was bringing into Africa. “I’m so close to sparking another wave of war,” he boasted. “You better have found the McArthurs by then.”
And with that the phone went dead.
On the one hand, Marco was partly relieved. He didn’t have to explain Harry’s disappearance. He was surely dead anyway; either the crocodiles or the many other dangers of river must have taken care of the old timer.
On the other hand, he was worried … extremely worried. How could he weed out the McArthurs in this city of 1.4 million people in little over a weekend?
His boss didn’t tolerate failure.
He knew what the General did to those who failed him.

***

Mac took a step forward, putting out his hand to shield those behind him. The man looked familiar, but his dark hair and the shadow over his clean-shaven face masked his appearance.
“It’s me! Do I look that different?”
His voice was immediately recognisable.
“Father!” gasped Donald, his eyes wide.
Harry stepped forward, the light now illuminating a face streaming with tears of joy.
“Harry!” blurted out Mac. “Your hair?”
Donald ran to his father. Mac, Rachel and Daniel followed.
From Harry’s side, the sight of his dear son Donald and his close friends, brought a surge of relief that overwhelmed him—even overcoming the pain in his tired body and the stiffness in his knee. He bounded towards them, threw his arms around Donald, pulling Mac, Rachel and Daniel into a royal-size family hug.
“I thought I’d never see you all again,” Harry sobbed, his whole body racked with emotion.
The joy of seeing Harry overcame their initial shock at how different he looked. His dyed hair made him look younger, but his shaved off moustache changed his entire appearance.
“Harry: Version 4.0,” cheered Mac.
They all laughed heartily and they all wept freely.
Mac then managed to express the gratitude they all felt: “Thank You Father for bringing Harry back to us. Thank You for Your amazing, incredible, unbelievable faithfulness!”
Daniel couldn’t resist, “And the hair?”
“And the moustache?” Donald jumped in.
“Dembe,” explained Harry. “It was all Dembe’s idea…”
Only now did Harry remember his new friend, still standing in the shadows.
Breaking from the huddle, he turned to Dembe and apologised, “Oh dear, where are my manners? Sorry. Dembe, these are my friends, my family … Everyone, this is Dembe, the man to whom I owe my life. Without him, I would not have escaped.”
“Dembe,” greeted Mac, offering his hand to shake as Dembe stepped into the light. “Great to meet you.” Mac couldn’t wait to hear the tale, eager to meet Harry’s rescuer. And just as eager to discover any information that may assist in dealing with the General.
“Hello,” replied Dembe acknowledging Mac, with easily the widest and most generous smile any of them had ever seen. He then shook Rachel’s hand and Daniel’s, giving each of them a warm, munificent ear-to-ear grin—an expression that Mac, for a second, thought looked a little familiar.
But when Dembe’s eyes locked onto Donald, he froze, and his smile gave way to a puzzled, bemused look … a look of one digging deep into some past, forgotten perhaps, memory.
“Kato?” Dembe asked Donald.
“Pardon?” asked a perplexed-looking Donald.
“Kato…”
“No, I’m Donald. My name is Donald.”
“Kato?” Dembe’s face now contorted as if almost in pain.
“What?” asked a befuddled Rachel summing up the confusion they all felt.
“Kato…” persisted Dembe, “…son?”
“What?!” asked Donald, and turning to Harry, “Father, who…”
“Dembe,” interrupted Harry, feeling a little uneasy in Dembe’s presence for the first time. “Um, this is Donald. The one I told you about. My son … my adopted son.”
Dembe looked at Harry and back at Donald, and then back at Harry again. His face softened once again, the contorted expression of pain giving way to relief, profound relief … peace.
“Dear friends,” he said warmly and assuredly to them all. “I’m sorry if I scared you. Yes Harry, your adopted son Donald is also … Kato … my son. Praise the Lord!”
“What’s going on?” Daniel couldn’t take the suspense any more.
“Dembe ,” Donald swallowed with difficulty. “My name is Donald. I think you have me mistaken…”
Dembe stepped forward; he was unthreatening and the big-hearted smile on his kind face was endearing, even appealing. He had them all hanging on his every word.
Harry’s momentary unease had now given way to excitement … expectancy … daring to believe the remote possibility that…
“Kat … Donald,” Dembe corrected himself, an affable smile still etched on his face. “A parent never forgets their child. You have a birthmark behind your right shoulder, no? In the shape of a fish. A fish with a bloated belly…”
Donald looked at Harry in disbelief. Harry responded with a beaming smile of his own—the smile of one who had suddenly come into the knowledge of a delicious secret; even better, the joy of one recognising a holy moment.
It all clicked for Mac, too … Dembe’s face was familiar. He had seen his smile many, many times … on Donald’s face.
“Does he?” asked Rachel riveted by the unfolding drama in front of them. “Do you have a birthmark like that Don?”
Donald nodded, still unable to fully comprehend the moment, struggling to put the fragmented pieces of his childhood together.
“Yes, he does,” confirmed Harry. “I’ve never thought of it like that, but it does look like...”
“You’re kidding,” gasped Daniel. “A fish with a bloated belly?”
“But … but …,” mouthed Donald.
Harry hugged Donald and then turned to Dembe, “Donald doesn’t remember much from his childhood. He only remembers his family being killed.” Then he turned to the others: “Dembe explained to me how his village was attacked by renegade soldiers, and he was shot trying to keep the soldiers away from the women and children. He was left for dead … and the children were taken as prisoners…”
“You’re my father?” gasped Donald. Harry’s assuring attitude and explanation gave him the chance to grasp the truth. “My father is alive. BaBa, it’s you, it’s really you?”—BaBa is the Swahili word for “father.”
“Yes Kato,” sniffed Dembe. “It is me…”
Harry stepped aside and gently nudged Donald toward Dembe. “Yes, Dembe really is your BaBa.”
Dembe put out his arms and Donald leapt into his embrace.
“Thank You, Father God,” prayed Dembe as he felt his son in his arms, “You have spared my life and worked Your miracles to bring me to this day.”
Mac grabbed Harry and hugged the old man, offering support to his friend in what was a vulnerable moment. “Are you okay my friend?” he whispered in Harry’s ears.
“Yes I am, really I am,” replied the brave old man. “Dembe is a gift from God.”
Holding on to Dembe, Donald turned and grabbed Harry, pulling him and Mac, and in turn Daniel and Rachel, into the king of all family hugs. Daniel often called their family hugs a f-ug, but there were no words to explain this one.
“How blessed am I,” Donald was beaming. “I have two fathers: a Dad and a BaBa! Our heavenly Father is so merciful!”
“Amen!”
“Hallelujah!”
The joy was uncontained, unspeakable and full of glory. A little bit of heaven on earth.
Dembe looked deep into Harry’s tear-filled eyes, and spoke with love and understanding, “Harry, thank you for raising my son … our son. I ask your permission to be back in Donald’s life, but please know, for me, this does not change the special bond you share with him.”
“Oh, Dembe,” sobbed Harry in gratitude, “Of course! Welcome to the family my brother. You said we were connected in so many ways. We could not have anticipated this!”
“So true,” chuckled Dembe. “So true, dear friend.”
Joy and laughter and barrel-loads of happy-tears later, Daniel piped out, “There is of course only one problem here. Don, what’s it going to be? Donald or Kato?”
Although Daniel meant it as a joke, Donald looked at Harry and then Dembe, unsure what to say.
“He is Donald of course,” interjected Dembe.
“Yes, Donald I am,” said a relieved and elated young man.
“There is still another problem,” added Mac.
“What?” said everyone.
“The hair,” grinned Mac. “Harry, you’ve got to explain the hair thing.”


18

It was after 2:00am when they finally went to bed. Swapping stories, the hours simply flew by.
During those four hours, Donald felt he got to know his BaBa inside and out.
Firstly, Harry’s open and sincere admiration for the man who had rescued him, and who had literally carried him on his own back several kilometres, highlighted Dembe’s selfless courage. Secondly, Dembe’s own humility and wisdom was evident through everything he said and did.
For Donald, those four hours redeemed the years that he had lost.
Dembe told a captive audience of his on-going investigation of the gun-running trade, and his suspicions that the war-mongering general he was tracking … was, in fact, the same General on a revenge-and-destroy vendetta against Mac.
“It’s a small, small world after all,” Rachel mused out loud.
“Where is the General? Harry, do you have any idea?” asked Mac.
“Marco said that he’s arriving on Monday. Where and when I have no idea,” replied Harry.
“If he’s flying in from overseas, then there is a good chance he’s arriving with a plane full of weapons,” said Dembe.
“And Agent Smith is arriving on Monday from the Philippines. His plane is scheduled for a 9:00am arrival…”
“Agent Smith?” asked Dembe.
“International police,” explained Harry. “When we uncovered the General’s secret base in Zimbabwe, Agent Smith was the man who led the investigation. We got to know him relatively well.”
“He’s coming. Just him?” Dembe looked puzzled.
“Yes,” replied Mac. “He’s a sharp man, and all he needs is proof that the General is here and he’ll call for back-up. If there’s a plane full of illegal arms arriving, well, we’re in business…”
“And then, the General will be out of business. For good,” beamed Dembe.
“Okay Dembe, now to serious business,” joked Mac. “Tell us about Harry’s hair and shave.”
Dembe chuckled, “Come now. Mzee looks twenty years younger! Do you need another reason?” They all knew Mzee was a Swahili term of respect for an older person.
Harry gave his best modelling impression as everyone laughed.
“Serious?” Dembe continued, “Okay. Harry is easily recognisable with his white hair and moustache. Hiding in the bush, there was no need for a change. But if we were going to look for you in the city, we needed to change his appearance. Harry, you were very brave when I took you to the barber shop.”
Harry nodded jokingly, “First I took on the terrorists, then the dogs, then the crocs … but the barber shop was the worst…”
Again, they all chuckled.
“Tomorrow,” smiled Dembe. “It’s your turn.”
“What? Me?” Rachel wasn’t sure if Dembe was looking at her.
“Yes … and you,” he now looked at Daniel.
“Me?”
“Yes … and you, Daddy,” he smiled at Mac.
Now it was Harry’s turn to have a good laugh.
“Tomorrow morning,” continued Dembe. “I’ll go to the pharmacy and buy some hair dye. The men who want you dead are looking for three blonde-haired white people. We can’t change your skin colour, but we can change your hair.”
“You’re right, Dembe,” smiled Mac. “A change of appearance is the least we can do to avoid sticking out so obviously. We’ve got a long weekend to get through.”
Daniel looked at Rachel; wide-eyed, he looked like a rabbit caught in truck headlights.
“I guess we gotta do what we gotta do, sis,” chuckled Daniel.
“My hair,” joked Rachel. “Feed me to the crocs before you change my hair!”
Harry laughed and then smiled at Dembe, “You’re amazing! As cool and as convincing as anyone I’ve ever met.”
“Yes,” added Mac. “If we gave you three minutes with the General, you might talk him out of running weapons!”
***

They all slept in late, except Dembe. He was up early as usual and had managed to work his way into Suzie’s heart.
When the McArthurs and Donald came down for breakfast, they found Dembe helping Suzie around the restaurant area, the two chatting away in Swahili. She put a few hand-scrawled menus on the table and left, giving them all some privacy.
“Morning, BaBa,” said Donald as he hugged his father.
“My son,” Dembe squeezed him back. “Morning.” He held on to Donald for a second hug, enjoying the fulfilment of a dream he thought was long dead.
“Morning, Dembe. Morning, Don,” said Harry as he walked in later than the others. Donald and Dembe opened their hug to include him.
“It doesn’t get better than this,” smiled Harry, enjoying the embrace. And then taking his seat with the others, joked: “Gee, I got a fright this morning…”
“Yeah?” Daniel was intrigued.
“I looked in the mirror and this stranger looked back at me!”
The others laughed.
“Seriously, I’d forgotten about my visit to the barber. Man, I forgot how good looking I was.”
This time he laughed loudest at his own joke.
“Good to see you so well, my friend,” said Mac, grateful to have his friend back and at his bubbly best. He had been a little worried at how Harry would be after his capture, and with Donald’s birth father back in the picture—but he looked better than ever.
“BaBa, you’ve been able to get Suzie to open up?” asked Donald, a growing compassion for the grouchy woman with the dreadful scar welling up in his heart.
“Yes, Donald. She’s a wonderful person. But so hurt, deep-deep inside,” replied Dembe.
Mac marvelled at how Dembe deliberately used Donald’s new name, not once through the many hours they spent talking last night did he ever slip and revert to calling him Kato. It spoke volumes of the calibre of the man.
“There’s a proverb from this country,” Donald looked at his friends. “A child does not laugh at the ugliness of its mother. As a child of God, we must see the beauty behind the ugliness.”
“That’s good, Don,” cheered Daniel.
“She was a victim of the soldiers, too,” continued Dembe. The others gasped, Donald swallowed hard. “When she was about twelve, the soldiers attacked her village, killed her parents and took her, along with all the other children. The boys were recruited as soldiers, the girls … as slaves.”
“Oh no!” Rachel couldn’t hide her shock.
“When she was about fifteen, one of the soldiers beat her, cut her face. And she was left to die.”
Donald shook his head, “How many children’s lives have been ruined…?”
“She wandered around for a number of years, confused, homeless,” Dembe continued, “Eventually she made her way to Kampala and took a job as a cleaner here at The Fish’s Belly.
“For ten years she worked as the cleaner, learning everything it takes to run this place by observation. When the former manager of the inn just upped and left, Suzie took over and kept the place running. The owner of the inn only comes to check up on things every second month. When he arrived, he found Suzie managing the place so well; he just left her to it. That was seven years ago.”
“Wow, what a story,” gushed Rachel.
“So, what? That makes her only about, nearly forty? She looks older than that,” said Daniel.
“Yes, pain can make you age,” nodded Dembe. “Forgiveness and healing can make you young again.”
“I hear a good shave and hair dye helps, too. Hey, Harry!” joked Mac.
“Your turn is coming,” he warned playfully in response.
The laughter was hearty and deeply refreshing after the challenges of the last week.
“Oh,” continued Dembe as he speared a boiled egg with his fork. “Suzie mentioned there’s a bounty on your heads.”


19

“What?” gasped Mac, ahead of four other distinct gasps.
“She went to the market to pick up some eggs and things early this morning. The word on the street is that there is a reward of $500 for your capture.”
“Dembe,” Mac’s face was grave, “Are you serious?”
“Yes, Mac. I am.”
“Every bounty hunter and their pet snake will be after us,” blurted Harry.
“$500 for each. Or for all of us?” asked Daniel.
“For all of you. It may not sound like a lot of money, but for the poor, desperate people of Uganda. That’s over twelve months’ wages!”
“A year! But, but what do we do?” begged Rachel.
“I’ll go to the pharmacy and get some hair dye,” said Dembe. “We need to do everything we can to make it difficult for people to recognise you. And you’ll also have to stay at the inn, out of sight as much as possible.”
“And Suzie?” Mac asked the difficult question. “Can we trust her?”
“Yes, we can,” answered Dembe confidently.
“Should we perhaps offer her $500?” suggested Daniel. “It is a lot of money, but if it helped to keep our whereabouts concealed…”
“No,” Dembe replied, looking into his eyes, deeply into Daniel’s soul. “Daniel. That would insult her.” The rebuke was firm yet gentle.
“Sorry,” Daniel replied, feeling remorseful, but not condemned. “You’re right.”
Mac put a reassuring hand on his son’s arm, “Danny, Dembe is right, but to be honest, you only spoke out what I was thinking.” Daniel’s face beamed with his father’s understanding.
Turning to Dembe, Mac looked deep into his soul: “Thank you, dear friend. As Harry said, you are a gift.”
Dembe glowed and his face split again with an ear-to-ear grin. “It’s so wonderful to have a family. And Mac, you’re a … a beautiful father.”
This time a huge tear ran down his left cheek.

***

After finishing breakfast with a little urgency now that they knew there was a bounty on their heads, they returned to their rooms to discuss their plans further.
Dembe would go buy some hair dye as soon as they were done, and after dropping it off, he and Donald would first take a walk around the market. It was less than a kilometre from the inn, in the direction of the police station. This would give them an ear to what the word on the street was.
Afterwards, they would go check out the Blue Angus Hotel. Perhaps Marco was still staying there; maybe, they could gather more information on the General’s plans.
After dying their hair, the others would have lots of time to kill. Mac intended to email Roger Johnson with the latest update: the good news that Harry was with them, and that they anticipated the General arriving in Kampala on Monday. The details were unknown, but they presumed he would arrive by cargo plane.


***

By midday, the four newly-styled brunettes sat in Mac’s hotel room. While Rachel bemoaned her new look, Daniel thought he looked older. A seventeen-year-old guy always wants to look older than he is. Mac, or course, didn’t care much about whether his hair was blonde or brown.
After an uplifting time together in worship and prayer, Harry offered them a heartfelt apology.
“I’m so sorry I got us all into this,” he wept.
“Harry…” Mac tried to comfort his friend.
“When I got the email from Roger on Monday night,” Harry explained, “the one urging me to come to Uganda. I knew something was off. That still, small voice inside, God’s whisper, I had no peace in my heart, but I didn’t listen.”
“My friend,” Mac put his arms around his dear friend as he sobbed. He knew better than to offer cheap words in the face of another’s contrite confession.
 “I’m so sorry…”
“We accept your apology. Receive God’s forgiveness, my friend.”
Daniel and Rachel gathered around the old man, and both hugged him.
“Cooped up in an inn called The Fish’s Belly for nearly three days is perhaps apt for me,” said Harry consoled. “I feel a little like Jonah. He disobeyed God’s voice and ended up in the belly of a fish.”*

* Jonah 1:1-17

Mac smiled, “Let’s hope you don’t smell like he must have after three days!”
“Daaddd!” snickered Rachel. “That’s a real Dad-joke!”
Mac smiled at his daughter, and then turned back to Harry. “But seriously, the General was probing, looking for any angle against us. If not this way; he would have tried something else. We’ve just got so much to be grateful for. Your escape, together now, Dembe…”
“I still can’t believe that the man who rescued you turned out to be Donald’s father,” Daniel shook his head.
“Just incredible!” agreed Rachel.
“And you’re okay Harry, really okay?” Mac had to ask his friend again.
“Mac I am. I am so thrilled for Don ... and Dembe … and I’m not trying to be a hero here. I really am. And I’m also thrilled for me. I’ve made such a connection with Dembe. It’s like I’ve known him all my life. And to think he’s Don’s father.” This time happy-tears streamed down his face.
“You couldn’t make a movie this exciting,” grinned Daniel. “As the good Book says, “All things work together for good to those who love God, to those who are called according to His purpose”.”*
“Amen,” said Harry. “So true Danny.”

* Romans 8:28

“Yes,” agreed Mac, “and it’s just incredible how all this has unfolded. Our New Hope project is at the very heart of all we’re experiencing here, to provide a long-term solution to the many orphans in central Africa…”
“And so many of them are victims of war and violence. Wars carried out on the back of illegal gun-running,” added Harry.
“And now we meet Dembe,” continued Mac, “who, if I understood his testimony correctly, is commissioned by God into this very situation.”
“Yes, how powerful was his testimony?” said Rachel.
“And now we know a little of Suzie’s story too,” reminded Daniel. “Also a victim of this horror story.”
“You’re right Danny, I forgot about that. Yes, Suzie too.” Mac was incandescent; he looked like a man who could see his vision coming to pass before his very eyes.
“God is faithful. Even when we are faithless, “He remains faithful; He cannot deny Himself”,” Harry quoted Scripture*, “He remains true to His character.”
“Amen, my friend,” agreed Mac. “Our confidence lies in His faithfulness, not our own.”
 
* 2 Timothy 2:13

“Dad?” asked Rachel, “What do you know about these soldiers that Dembe and Donald refer to? Why do they capture children?”
“I can see you’re deeply troubled by this, sweetie,” Mac touched her face tenderly as a solitary tear ran down her cheek.
“Yes. I don’t understand how people can be so cruel.” Her lips quivered.
“Rachel, I agree. I also cannot understand it,” replied Mac. “There is so much cruelty in our world today, and while I cannot get my mind around it, I know God calls us to do what we can to help those who suffer.”
“Dad,” added Daniel. “It’s a privilege to serve with you in this, even with the dangers involved…”
“Thank you, Danny,” Mac touched Daniel on the arm. “I would personally prefer something much safer to be honest, but here we are. The thing is, injustice happens all over the world. From Africa to Japan to Australia to the USA. Wherever God has planted His people, we’re called to stand up for those who can’t stand up for themselves.”
“Yes,” added Harry. “It may seem heroic to stand up against the General, but for a twelve-year-old to stand up against bullying at school, for example, it’s just as courageous. Or when a fifteen-year-old makes a brave decision to do right when her peers pressure her to do wrong…”
“You’re so right, Harry,” said Daniel.
“Dad,” Rachel continued, “who do these soldiers, Donald talks about, work for?”
“It’s rather a complicated story, but the short version is this. A man by the name of Joseph Kony recruited renegade soldiers into a militant cult army called The Lord’s Resistance Army or LRA, for short…”
“The Lord’s?”
“Yes, Kony has set himself up as some prophet in a mixed bag of various religions. The man’s mad and leads this crazy army in murder and mayhem. He is wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes and crimes against humanity. Many of his soldiers are child-soldiers recruited by their attacks on civilian villages.”
“How terrible,” Rachel struggled to contain her emotions.
“Are they still here in Uganda?” asked Daniel.
“Kony started in the late 1980s…”
“Before we were even born,” Daniel gasped, looking at his sister.
“Yes, they then terrorised northern Uganda during the 1990s, but have since been driven north by the Ugandan army where they continue to terrorise other countries. From what we know, Kony’s army is a lot smaller today, but is still unfortunately active. Kony’s yet to be captured.”
“But the destruction he has left behind him is really what New Hope is all about,” continued Harry, picking up seamlessly from Mac. “We want to give people new hope. A second chance at life.”
“And while this healing and salvation is only possible through faith in Christ,” Mac picked up the discussion, “We also need to answer the many other life issues: health care, housing, job opportunities … you name it.”
“Wow! Sign me up,” gushed Daniel.
Mac smiled, “We’ve already got your name, number and blood group!”


20

They ate dinner together behind closed doors. Suzie had closed both the restaurant and hotel to protect them, even though the weekend was her busiest time. She gave the chef the weekend off too; who turned out to be her cousin, another victim of the LRA.
Mac had insisted they cook their own food, so that the burden didn’t fall on Suzie, and after some gentle persuasion, she joined them for dinner … and every meal thereafter.
It turned out she spoke English well. And it was clear that she bathed in the presence of a family. Little by little her hard exterior melted, and the young girl in her—lost so many years ago—began to emerge.
Dembe and Donald had lots to share. Firstly, their visit to the market turned out to be very timely.
They had walked into a huddle of men gathered around a poster, a wanted-posted evidently placed by Marco and his soldiers.
The description had read:

REWARD FOR CAPTURE

One 40 year-old blonde white man
Two blonde white youths – one boy, one girl
$500 reward 
Must capture alive

“And Marco had signed it, giving The Blue Angus as the address,” explained Donald.
Rachel stroked her dark hair. “Gee, Dembe you were right.”
“They were even discussing The Fish’s Belly,” Donald continued. “One man said he thought you might be here.”
“What?” gasped Mac anxiously.
Dembe put a gentle hand on Mac’s, and explained: “We told them we had just come from The Fish’s Belly, and that there were no blonde white people here…”
“Technically, it wasn’t a lie,” smiled Donald, putting out a hand to stroke Daniel’s hair in jest.
“We also told them to not trust the people who put up the notice,” continued Dembe. “I told them I know of this man Marco, and that he works for the General.”
“You should have seen how fast everyone disappeared,” chuckled Donald.
“No one wants to get involved with the General. Apparently; people have a way of disappearing around him.” Dembe took a sip from his water glass.
“Not surprised,” chipped in Harry.
“There’s a saying in Africa,” explained Donald. “The leopard that visits you is the one which kills you…”
“In other words, don’t cozy up with the leopard?” suggested Daniel, getting to grips with the proverb.
“Exactly!” said Dembe.
“We took down the posters we could find. Five of them around the market…” Donald put another piece of Nile Perch into his mouth, giving Suzie the thumbs-up. She had insisted on doing the fish, and had cooked it to perfection.
“…and after we were satisfied that there were no others discussing your whereabouts,” continued Dembe, “we went to the Blue Angus Hotel...”
“Marco’s still there…”
“… and we counted at least another five soldiers…” Donald and Dembe were finishing each other’s sentences.
Mac looked at Harry. A huge contented smile stretched across his face. He looked like a proud father admiring his two sons in action. In fact, he couldn’t help himself; the next words came out of Harry’s mouth were: “I’m so proud of you both!”
“Yes,” gushed Rachel. “What would we do without the two of you?”
Both Dembe and Donald grinned ear-to-ear … if ever a father and son looked alike; it was clear in that moment.
“And?” Mac was anxious for more Intel.
“The soldiers were dressed in uniform and were in and out the hotel; we assumed they were putting the posters up all over the city…” Dembe popped some Perch into his mouth.
“…yes, perhaps following up on any leads they thought they had,” continued Donald. “We saw Marco come out once. He was angry, shouted at one of the soldiers he spoke with before slapping him. And then went back inside again…”
“Gee, one of those soldiers is going to strike back at some point,” said Daniel.
“No,” said Donald. “An egg never sits on a hen…”
“What?” Daniel looked puzzled.
“Another proverb?” asked Rachel. “I like that that one.”
Donald smiled, “One of my favourites.”
“You’re on form, Don,” grinned Daniel. It was good to see his friend looking so well again; and why not, on one side of him sat Harry and on the other side, Dembe.
“Anything else, Dembe?” asked Mac.
“That was it. Nothing else to report,” smiled Dembe.
“Mac, what are you thinking?” asked Harry. “What’s the plan?”
“First, a big thank you … Dembe, Donald,” began Mac. Everyone applauded.
“Then,” Mac continued, “we can be pretty sure Marco’s plan is to stay at the hotel until the General arrives on Monday. Our best bet is to stake out the Blue Angus early on Monday, and follow Marco when he leaves…”
“Isn’t that a bit dangerous Dad?” asked Rachel.
“Well, we don’t have to be right on his tail. We’re pretty sure he’s on his way to the airport. His departure will just give us a clue as to when the General’s most likely to arrive. We can keep a very safe following distance.”
“What about Agent Smith?” asked Daniel.
“Yes, I suggest Harry, you and Daniel and Rachel use our rental car to go meet Agent Smith at the airport for his 9:00am arrival. We’ll have to hire a second car tomorrow. Dembe, you, Donald and I can stake out the Blue Angus…”
“We can stay in contact on our mobile phones,” suggested Daniel—Mac always had his on hand, and Rachel usually hung on to the second one they had.
“Exactly,” replied Mac. “If we’re still waiting at the Blue Angus when Agent Smith arrives, perhaps you can keep him company at the airport. As soon as Marco moves, we’ll let you know. And all rendezvous somewhere at the airport itself.”
“I know where the General’s plane will land,” added Dembe, “the private airstrip just outside the main airport’s grounds.”
“Fantastic,” smiled Mac. “God has assembled the perfect team together. And that includes you Suzie,” Mac’s kind gaze warmed her soul. “Thank you so much for everything. Your hospitality, your protection … and this delicious fish!”
“Here, here!” cheered Harry, as they all applauded again.
Suzie blushed; she had never been treated so kindly before … ever.
As dinner came to a close, the family and friends spent an hour together in worship and prayer, knowing they still had a long day ahead of them … before a nervy Monday dawned. 
Suzie didn’t leave.
She observed her new friends worship their God. She hadn’t been as fortunate as Dembe had been; she hadn’t met any missionaries as he had.
As she soaked in the tangible sense of God’s Presence, her heart found peace at last.
When the McArthurs finally went to bed, Dembe, Harry and Donald sat up with her, ministering to her for another couple of hours.
God’s healing flooded her soul, shedding layers of resentment and bitterness. Forgiveness flowed like a river from heaven; a tough, hardened woman became a soft, gentle child embraced by her heavenly Father.
Just before they called it a night, Harry spoke the last words.
“Do you remember when I said this morning; it doesn’t get better than this?”
“Yes,” nodded Dembe.
“Well,” smiled Harry, with misty eyes, “it just did!”



21

Besides the absolute joy of celebrating Suzie’s encounter with God, and getting to know her better, Sunday was a long and anxious day.
Donald and Dembe went to hire a second car. Unable to find a car rental company open on Sunday, they were out a long time … long enough to have everyone on edge and chewing fingernails.
When they finally got back, much to everyone’s relief, they decided that Harry, Rachel and Daniel would catch a taxi on Monday morning instead. Phoning to book a taxi was simple, and they made the booking without any hassles.
Knowing Marco would more than likely step up his efforts to hunt them down; they stayed in the inn all day and had a scare when soldiers arrived at the front door, demanding to see the manager.
Two uniformed soldiers.
Both heavily armed.
They made some noise, and kicked up a fuss.
Suzie, however, handled them expertly, and sent them packing fairly quickly.
It turned out they didn’t have any solid leads, and were trying to rough-up all the hotel managers in the city, hoping to flush the McArthurs out.
Through this unnerving occurrence it dawned on Mac that Marco seemed confident they had not left Kampala. This could only mean one thing. Marco must have secured the airport; stationing his men there soon after their arrival, cutting off any escape.
Perhaps sending Harry, Rachel and Daniel to the airport along first thing on Monday wasn’t such a good idea.
So plans were changed.
Dembe would go alone by taxi to the airport; Marco’s men didn’t know he even existed.  Mac emailed Roger Johnson to inform Agent Smith that Dembe would collect him from arrivals. 
Harry, Rachel and Daniel would come along with him and Donald to the Blue Angus.
Needless to say, the day was punctured with tension and stress.
By the time they finally fell asleep on Sunday night, they were absolutely spent. But none of them slept well; Monday was looming.

***

Leaving the safety of the inn for the first time in over two days was an unsettling experience for the McArthurs, Harry and Donald. Whether their change of hair-colour would help them fly under the radar, so to speak, might now finally be tested.
Suzie prayed with them before they departed just after 5:30am—they wanted to be outside the Blue Angus as early as possible.
“Waking up early isn’t difficult if you never fell asleep,” moaned Daniel, his bloodshot eyes evidence of his lack of sleep.
“I couldn’t sleep either,” groaned Rachel.
Waving them off, Dembe stayed behind at the inn. He had a couple of hours before his 7:30am taxi service would arrive.
Mac found a good parking bay just a hundred metres from the Blue Angus just as the city began to wake up.
From their vantage point, they could watch both the hotel entrance, and more importantly, the exit point of the hotel’s car park. They had no idea what car Marco drove; Harry and Marco had caught a taxi to the hotel when arriving early last week.
They would have to keep all five sets of eyes open and alert to make sure they spotted him. They couldn’t afford to miss his departure.
They didn’t have to wait long, nor was it difficult to spot Marco and his henchmen leaving the hotel. They hardly left quietly.
First, a silver Mercedes convertible sports car roared out the car park exit. With the convertible’s roof down, Marco was the only one in the vehicle. Behind him spluttered three red, fairly worn and shabby-looking Mazda 2s … with four soldiers in each.
The contrast between Marco’s joy-ride and the three trailing cars was not lost on anyone … and that was probably his intention anyway.
“An empty tin makes a lot of noise,” said Donald.
“An African proverb?” asked Daniel.
Donald nodded.
“That’s brilliant! A land of pithy wisdom,” smiled Rachel.
“Twelve soldiers,” Mac muttered to himself, “plus Marco. Okay, let’s give them a few minutes lead before we follow.” He was glad they hadn’t missed the convoy’s departure, but wasn’t pleased to see so many men.
“Dad, do you think the man who chased us is among them?” asked Rachel.
“I’m not sure,” replied Mac. “I wouldn’t think so, he was hurt pretty badly.”
“It seems they’re definitely heading in the direction of the airport,” observed Harry, remembering the route the taxi had brought him from the airport.
“Yes, but its only just after 7:00am,” Mac puffed his cheeks. “It’s too early. Agent Smith only arrives after 9:00am.”

***

While the roads were starting to fill up, the journey to Entebbe International was uneventful. Once they confirmed that Marco and his entourage were definitely en route to the airport, they took their time and kept their distance. They again had lots of time to endure, and Harry phoned Dembe, who was left with Rachel’s mobile, to inform him that they were already on their way.
They arrived at Entebbe at 7:43am just in time to see the Mercedes and the three red Mazdas disappear down a secondary road just off the main road entering the airport.
“That must be the road to the private airstrip Dembe explained to me last night,” said Mac as he pulled off the road to park the car under the shelter of a few trees.
Dembe had drawn a map from his knowledge of the airport. Even after losing his job at the airport, he had returned regularly to chart any changes, hoping just such a day would come.
Mac would have loved for Dembe to be with them now, almost as much as Dembe wanted to be. He was, however, the only one who Marco and his soldiers didn’t know; the only one who could collect Agent Smith.
“What now, Dad?” asked Rachel anxiously.
“Sweetie, we wait. Dembe should arrive at the airport via taxi in the next 20-30 minutes. Agent Smith only arrives in an hour and…” he looked at his watch, “…ten minutes, if his plane’s on time. All we can do is, watch the skies. Let’s keep our eyes open for that cargo plane.”
Mac had thought of a thousand different ways to play this. However, with his children, Donald and Harry to think about, he wanted the support of Agent Smith around—and with him, the backup of the international police—before trying any bold moves.
“Mac, why don’t we leave the car here? It’s concealed nicely anyway. We could walk through the bush here and at least get a view of what Marco is up to?” Harry’s suggestion would prove ingenious.
“Yes, great idea,” said Mac. They could remain concealed in the dense bush, and it would be better than sitting around waiting. “Let’s do it.”

***

As they exited the airport-end of the strip of bush that marked the edge of the airport property, having climbed over a wall, they saw them.
Two soldiers patrolling the arrivals section.
Six more patrolling the car park area.
Still well out of sight, Rachel breathed a sigh of relief. “Gee, looks like Marco’s men … looking for us.”
“Good call, Harry. We would have arrived by taxi and walked straight into them,” Daniel exhaled deeply, too.
“Perhaps the hair dye would have saved us,” joked Harry.
“Glad we didn’t have to find out,” added Donald.
“Eight more soldiers,” stated Mac, “and that’s the men we can see. There could be more that we can’t.”
“Where did Marco and his small army go?” asked Daniel.
“This way,” said Mac. “Let’s go.”
They kept close to the bush line, and made their way over to the private airstrip that was flanked by a number of warehouses on both sides.
“Just as Dembe explained it,” said Mac.
There were no planes on the landing strip yet, but Marco’s Mercedes and the three Mazdas were in plain view … parked next to one of the warehouses.
The soldiers had opened the two huge doors of one warehouse, and were busy opening the doors of a second on the other side of the airstrip, directly opposite the first.
“Dembe explained that the weapons are offloaded into the one warehouse and the Perch are loaded onto the plane from the other,” said Mac, a deep furrow creased his forehead.
“I can’t believe it. And it’s basically in plain sight,” muttered Donald.
“Okay,” continued Mac, “let’s get comfortable behind this shrubbery here. Harry won’t you call Dembe, see how he’s doing and explain to him where we are.”
“Sure thing,” replied Harry as he grabbed the phone out of his pocket.
“Now we wait … and pray.” A steely look of resolve animated Mac’s face.


22

This waiting was the worst yet.
The bush was uncomfortable. The sun was hot and bright.
It seemed that annoying insects of every sort were suddenly alerted to their position. 
And then Dembe’s phone call: Agent Smith’s plane was delayed by at least forty-five minutes.
The only good news was that there was no activity on the private airstrip either.
As they remained hidden in the bush shrubbery about three hundred metres from the warehouses, their anxiety was matched only by the apparent boredom of the soldiers.
Some lay in the warm sun, while others appeared to be involved in a low-stakes game of cards.
Marco didn’t share their relaxed attitude, when he wasn’t hidden from sight in one of the warehouses, he paced up and down outside. He slapped a soldier at least twice, kicked the ground three times and smashed the door of the warehouse once with what looked like a crowbar. To calm his own nerves, Daniel was keeping count.
“I think Marco’s got a lot of explaining to do,” said Mac. “Let me just say, the General isn’t a very understanding boss.” For the first time, a shiver ran up and down Mac’s spine. The thought of facing the General again suddenly hit home.
A heavy feeling of dread bore down upon him.
“I’ve got to finish this once and for all,” he thought to himself. “Father God, give me strength.”

***

DILIMINK DILIMINK

The phone rang again in Harry’s pocket. Hastily he pulled out.
“Yes? Yes, Dembe … Okay … okay … thank you.”
Harry took the phone off his ear, and then said to his on-edge audience: “Smith’s plane has just landed. Dembe will phone us as soon as Smith clears customs.”
“I didn’t even see it,” said Daniel. Even though their view of the main airport runway was blocked, he had hoped to spot the plane before it landed.
“Look!” blurted Donald. “Over there!”
In the distance ahead of them, over Lake Victoria, the black dot of an aircraft hung in the blue sky, seemingly headed straight towards them.
“It must be the General’s plane, surely?” said Harry. The aeroplanes that landed at the main airport approached from a different angle, and were out of their field of vision. This one appeared to be headed for the private airstrip in front of them.
“What do we do?” asked Rachel, trying to manage her apprehension.
“Nothing,” said Mac. “When Dembe calls back, we’ll speak to Agent Smith and ask him how we should proceed.”
“Is that smoke behind the plane?” asked Donald, who certainly had the sharpest eyes among them.
“What?” Harry squinted. “I can’t see anything.”
“Smoke?” Mac couldn’t see anything either.
“Yes, I see smoke,” said Rachel. “What does it mean?”
“That your Dad’s and my eyes are old,” said Harry with a nervy laugh. “I still don’t see anything.”
As they watched the dot in the sky morph and expand into the shape of an aeroplane, Donald was right.
“I see it! There is smoke behind the plane,” gasped Harry.
“Like a black wispy tail,” remarked Rachel.
“Getting thicker and thicker,” added Donald.
“Look!” said Daniel, pointing to the warehouses.
The soldiers had assembled in three rows of four and stood at attention, anticipating the arrival of the aircraft. Marco, with binoculars to his eyes, was able to get a much better view of the aeroplane, and the mystery smoke trail behind it.
Then he barked out something to the soldiers, and it seemed a degree of restlessness descended on them immediately.
Marco looked to the sky again through his binoculars, and this time snapped out some orders … the soldiers broke rank and ran into the one warehouse, returning seconds later with emergency fire extinguishers.
“The plane must be on fire,” gasped Harry.
Now it was clear, the Soviet made Ilyushin II-76 cargo plane was labouring. Smoke bellowed out from behind it, and it seemed to stutter in the air.
It was still at least five hundred metres from land, but now only fifty odd metres above the water.
And then it happened.
The nose of the plane dipped.
With smoke gushing from the rear, and flames dancing on the tail, the cargo plane fell out of the sky.
Head first.
Into Lake Victoria.
Striking the water some ninety metres from the shore.
“Oh, my goodness!” said Harry in a gasp, drowned out only by the noise carried all the way from both the crash itself and the commotion from the warehouse where the soldiers were just as bewildered by the incident.
Marco was yelling at the top of his voice, his arms flailing in the air as he shouted out orders … the binoculars bouncing on his chest hung by a strap around his neck.
The scene was almost comical.
One group of soldiers went to close the doors of one warehouse; a second group ran to close the other.
Marco fixed the binoculars to his eyes one last time, and then issued some new instructions to his men.
In response, the soldiers jumped into the three Mazdas and left the scene in a hurry.
“They’re going?” asked Daniel, confused.
Marco checked that the warehouse doors were locked and then he too headed for his vehicle.
Mac turned to Harry. “Please stay here with Rachel … Danny, Don … come with me.”
“Dad?” concern contorted Rachel’s face. “Where are you going?”
“To see if we can rescue any survivors.”
“Even the General?” asked Donald.
“Yes, Don,” Mac’s chin was tight. “Of course.”
“Of course, sorry.”
“Rache, please stay here,” said Mac. Rachel wasn’t going to argue.
Then Mac, Daniel and Donald leapt into action, bounding down towards the lake, leaving the safety on the shrub-hideaway behind them.

***

They covered the three hundred metres to the airstrip quickly; another two hundred metres lay between them and the banks of Lake Victoria.
From here, they could see that only the tail of the plane remained above the water. Though still intact, the rest of the massive aircraft was submerged. On the tail was the General’s red insignia: an X formed by a sword and spear. And from the tail, a thin column of smoke spiralled into the African sky.
The nose of the cargo plane lay on the bottom of the lake; the plane wouldn’t go under water completely. Lake Victoria is a shallow lake and the plane had come to rest less than seventy metres from the shore.
Mac had only seen a small explosion above the water; no telling what happened underwater of course.
But already two bodies, dressed in military uniform, had popped to the surface.
On the other side of the plane’s tail, partially blocked from their sight, appeared to be a sack, or was it a parachute?
Two men were alive hanging onto it, using it as a flotation device.
As Mac, Daniel and Donald arrived at the water’s edge, breathless, it was clear the flotation device wouldn’t stay afloat very long.
The men were sinking.

***

Just as his Mercedes was about to disappear from sight, Marco stole one more look in the rear-view mirror of his car.
The blur image of three men running towards the lake caused him to slam down hard on his brakes. The car came to a grinding halt.
Marco was out of the car in a flash, his binoculars against his face.
“What?” he gasped. “Can it be?”
Then he chuckled. 
“William McArthur. You are still here. Cheeky spy, you must have been tailing me all this time.”
He swung around to see whether his soldiers were still in sight. The three red Mazdas were long gone.
He got back in his car, turned it around and headed back towards the warehouses.
“This may just turn out to be a good day for me. A very good day.”

23

Mac strained to get a glimpse of what appeared to be the only two survivors of the plane crash. The midmorning sun caught his eye-line, making it difficult to see with clarity.
“Two men,” said Donald. “Both in military uniform. Different uniforms though. One plain uniform like the others we’ve seen. The other man’s uniform is more prominent...”
“The General?” asked Daniel unsure, his own eyes struggling to focus.
Mac wasn’t listening; he was trying to figure out what he could do to rescue the men. It was a long swim. And even if he got to them in time, they would be hysterical and perhaps wounded…
“How do I do this?” he chided himself.
Then the men struggling to stay afloat became conscious of their presence on the shore, and began to scream for help.
“Oh no! Look!” yelled Donald.
This time Mac did listen. He had been about to plunge into the water, even though he still hadn’t solved his dilemma.
“What?” he asked hastily.
“There!” Daniel had seen them too.
A float of crocodiles, easily six or seven of them had hit the water. They must have been basking in the morning sun, and were now delighted that breakfast had fallen from the sky.
Mac still considered diving in, when Daniel brought him to his senses.
“Dad! … No, Dad!”
He stopped; a rescue attempt would be in vain. The crocodiles would kill him before he even got to the survivors.
Mac knew who was propped up on that flotation device … he had recognised his uniform.
Now the General, clinging on to dear life recognised him.
“McArthur? McArthur?! Help! Help me! McArthur!!!”
The General now lifted himself up on top of the other struggling man, dunking his head under water. The soldier fought back until the General took out his pistol and smashed him on the head. Now with the limp body of the soldier underneath him held up by the parachute beneath them both, the General could lift his upper body out of the water.
It was only then that he noticed the crocodiles … just twenty metres away.
Terror seized the mad man.
“McArthur!!! Help me!!”
He started shooting wildly at the enormous reptiles of the lake, now just ten metres away.
“Help! Help me!! No, no, noooo …..  Mac!!!”
Mac grabbed Daniel and Donald away from the scene.
“Go,” he said, “Run back to Harry and Rache. The emergency services should be here soon.”
They could hear sirens in the distance.
“Dad? And you?”
“I’ll wait for them,” he bit his lip. “Explain what I saw. When Dembe and Agent Smith arrive send them here immediately.”
Daniel and Donald ran as fast as their legs could carry them. Mac watched them run back to their hiding spot, a thousand thoughts swirling around his head. Moments later a fire engine, an ambulance and three police vehicles burst on to the airstrip.
Mac went to greet them.

***

Mac had not yet given his account, the emergency services consumed with trying to work out how to salvage the wreck from around a feeding frenzy of crocodiles.
Just when he thought it might all be over…
The cold, hard barrel of a gun jabbed him in the back, even as a strong hand gripped his left shoulder.
“Mac, Mac, Mac. So we have one last showdown, do we?’
He recognised Marco’s voice immediately. He had totally forgotten about him, having presumed he had escaped.
“Don’t say a word,” warned Marco. “I’ve got nothing to lose. You have everything to lose.”
Marco pushed Mac towards a side door entrance of the nearest warehouse.
“Here,” Marco gave him a key, “Open it. Quickly and quietly.”
Mac opened the lock knowing that no one would see them enter, the emergency services were engrossed in their salvage operation, and he was out of sight from the others in their hideaway.
The stench of fish almost overwhelmed Mac as he entered the warehouse.
“Yes, not very pleasant is it,” chuckled Marco as he closed the door behind them. “While the fish are wonderful money-earners to be honest, they serve mainly as a smoke-screen … or a stink-screen,” he cackled at his attempt at a joke, “for the bigger picture. The real vision…”
“He’s sounding more and more like the General,” thought Mac.
“Well Mac, aren’t you going to beg for your life, or are you too proud?” Marco was getting an obscene amount of pleasure from this. “I can assure you, only one of us is leaving here alive. And as a betting man myself; your chances are zip, zero, zilch. Nada!”
Mac saw an evil glint in Marco’s eyes; his murderous intent blatantly evident. There would be no reasoning with him.
Then he saw Marco pull out a silencer from his pocket and begin to twist it on to the front of his gun. Mac thought of darting at him while he fastened it, but with more than five metres between them, would he make it? The old pro that he was, Marco had the silencer attached before Mac had made up his mind. Marco’s eyes hadn’t strayed from Mac for even a second.
“Don’t worry; no one will hear a thing. But I do want you to beg. If not for your life; for the life of your kids.”
Mac flinched ever so slightly; Marco didn’t miss it.
“Yes, that’s your soft spot. A spy with kids, how foolish. I know they’re here, somewhere close no doubt. I saw your boy running down to the water’s edge with you and the orphan … I never did like Donald,” Marco spat on the floor.
“And Rachel … little Rache … she must be close, no?”
Mac kept silent, he knew the children were safe. They were with Harry … and Dembe and Agent Smith were surely on their way.
Perhaps if he somehow stalled Marco?
“To think a day that started so bleak for me,” Marco continued, “now I get to rub out the witnesses to my crimes, and then I assume the General’s mantle. All in a morning’s work. Not a bad day at the office, eh? Oh, and you do know your friend Harry is dead do you…?”
“What?” Mac shrugged his shoulders. The man had a motor-mouth and he wasn’t going to stop him.
“Ironic really. He, like the General, crocodile food!” Marco laughed feverishly. “Really, I couldn’t make this up if I wanted to. Now I step into the shoes of the General … and carry on the monumental work he has begun. Of course, after he stepped into the shoes of some other fallen general. Short careers we tyrants have. Oh well, I better make the most of it…”
Marco pointed the gun at Mac’s head.
Mac breathed in deep, saw the sadistic glee in Marco’s face, and closed his eyes.
He knew he was out of options.
It was time to commune with his God.
“Father, if it is my time, please protect Danny and Rache,” he prayed out loud. “I know they’re in good hands, but comfort them as only You can. If it is Your will that I survive this, please intervene…”

24

He had planned to pray until Marco silenced him.
But no gun went off.
Mac opened one eye, unsure of what to expect.
Fear … no terror would better describe it.
Terror contorted and twisted Marco’s face into a hideous crumple.
His gun hand hung limp at his side; with his other hand, he tried to shield his face from … something.
His eyeballs, bulging large as golf balls, were fixed on something behind Mac … something behind, but a metre above Mac’s head.
Or someone?
Then Marco dropped the gun. It clanged loud on the cement floor.
Dropping to his knees, his hands now clasped in front of him, praying, begging, entreating the something … the someone.
“Mercy! Mercy, please!” he shrieked.
Mac felt them.
It was a familiar presence to him.
This time though, it was stronger than he had ever experienced before.
It was that sense he felt whenever he worshipped God.
Now, he felt as though he was bathed in the tangible peace of God.
He chose not to look behind him, not because he was scared, but because he thought perhaps it was respectful not to.
“Have mercy on me,” pleaded Marco, his terrified hysteria in complete contradiction to the elation, the euphoria, the heavenly joy Mac experienced.
“Angels!” screamed Marco. “God … don’t kill me, mercy!”
Mac suddenly knew what to do.
Walking over to a shelf near Marco, he grabbed two strips of cable ties. He bound Marco’s hands even as the man continued to sweat and squeal for mercy, and then tied his feet together. The smell of urine drowned out the smell of Perch for a second.
The General-wannabe collapsed on the ground, trembling.
Without looking up, Mac turned and walked out the door Marco had led him in through.
The fresh air was most welcome, and the warm sunlight pleasant too after the cool warehouse. He pulled the door closed behind him.
“Dad!” Rachel’s voice carried to him, although he couldn’t see her among the crowd. The amount of emergency service workers now had tripled.
“Dad!” Mac heard Daniels voice, and now located the direction from where it came.
“Danny! Rache!”
Daniel and Rachel bounded towards him and jumped into his arms.
It was so good to feel the warmth of their bodies and the beat of their hearts.
“Where were you?” asked Rachel.
“Gee Dad, you had us worried,” added Daniel.
“Sorry, I’m so sorry. I … I had a run in with—”
“Mac! Mac, so good to see you…” It was Agent Smith.
“Agent Smith!” Mac was relieved to see him, too.
“Looks like you didn’t need me after all,” joked Smith. “Where were you?”
“Agent Smith,” Mac’s face broke into a grin. “In the warehouse, you’ll find a gift.”
“What?” Smith was confused. So was Daniel and Rachel. Harry, Donald and Dembe had also arrived on the scene, all puzzled by where Mac had disappeared to.
“The new General…” Mac pointed to the warehouse.
Only now that they concentrated could they hear the faded drone of a man’s hysterical voice emanating from the closed door.
“Who?” asked Rachel.
“Marco,” answered Donald.
“In the warehouse?” gasped Harry.
“There’s his car!” Daniel pointed out the silver Mercedes parked between two warehouses.
“Did he hurt you, Dad?” asked Rachel.
“No, sweetie,” replied Mac.
“What did you do to him?” grinned Daniel.
“Agent Smith,” smiled Mac, “You’ll find him tied up, gift wrapped for you.”
“Who? How?” Smith was impressed.
“Just be careful, he stinks! The wannabe warlord … has wet his pants.”

***

Back at The Fish’s Belly, with a wonderful lunch spread before them, Mac explained what had happened in the warehouse.
“I just can’t believe it, really. I can’t believe how awesome our God is!” beamed Rachel. “Thank You Father!”
“Angels!” shook Harry in that sense of believing disbelief every Jesus-follower knows well.
“Dad, you knew it was the General out there, but you were still going to rescue him,” Daniel couldn’t contain his admiration for his father.
“It was a long shot, but we had to try…”
“Father,” Donald looked at Harry, “How should we feel about the General’s death? In a way I’m happy … is that wrong?”
Harry thought for a moment. “Don, to be honest, I’m happy, too. But not that a man died today. But that a desperately wicked man with a notoriously evil agenda has been stopped. We will all face death, and through death we will all face our Maker. Today, the General will give a full account of his life. “Vengeance is Mine says the Lord”. I guess I’m relieved and sobered. We must live our lives for an audience of One; knowing we too will give account for our lives.”
“Well said Mzee,” affirmed Dembe. “In that same passage of Scripture, Paul calls us to “overcome evil with good”*. Today we can rejoice that good has overcome evil.”
“Amen,” said Mac. “And as we eat now, Agent Smith is doing what Agent Smith does best … confiscating a warehouse and cargo plane load of illegal weapons!”
“Praise the Lord!” cheered seven voices, among them was Suzie.

* Romans 12:19, 21

As they feasted together, the conversation turned to more jovial matters.
“Oh yes, Dad,” Daniel remembered something, “you said you’d explain who Zachnoid Tumble-something is.”
Mac laughed and after explaining the context to Harry, Dembe and Suzie, that they had used this strange name as a code word, he outlined the origin of Mr. Tumbleweed.
“Shortly after I had joined WCI as a young doctor, the pastor of a church asked to see me. He had heard of our work and wanted to ‘adopt me’—his words, not mine—as a missionary that the church he lead could support.”
“Which church Dad?” asked Rachel.
“Doesn’t really matter, dear. Anyway, we had coffee together and he asked for a photograph, preferably one of me ‘in action’…” Mac let his voice tail off.
“What does that mean?” asked Daniel.
“Well, I asked the same question. He said one where I’m ‘holding a sick little baby’ would be good…”
“No way?” gasped Harry.
“Yes, that’s exactly what he said. He wanted a photo and a brief biography from me. He wanted to pin it up on the information board in the church building to envision mission or something like that.”
“And?” asked Donald, hooked.
“I asked him how he wanted to support WCI; I didn’t really know what else to say to him.”
“What did he say?”
“Well, he seemed a little caught out by the question. Then he said the congregation would keep us in their prayers. I said I was grateful and asked if he had thought about training a team for a short term mission, suggesting he lead the team…”
“Yes?” Even Dembe was captivated.
“He was taken aback by my suggestion. He said he didn’t do mission teams; he was a ‘pastor after all’—again, his words not mine—and didn’t think the congregation would buy into it.”
“Buy into it?” snickered Harry.
“I then asked if he would consider a monthly donation to WCI. Of course, my salary is paid so the money wasn’t for me, I explained, but the projects WCI take on are extensive, and every bit helps…”
“What did he say?” asked Daniel.
“He was mortified that I should ask for money saying something about the immense value of prayer and the like. Needless to say, the time wasn’t a positive experience.”
“So, where does Zachnoid fit into it?” asked Rachel.

25

Mac knew how to tell a story.
His audience were desperate to know how Zachnoid Tumbleweed fitted into his account. 
As Mac allowed a long pause to drag out, Daniel groaned: “Come on Dad, how does he fit in?”
“Okay, okay,” Mac decided to put them out of their misery. “Well I left the meeting and thought I wouldn’t hear from him again. He phoned me a week later and asked whether I was going to send him the photograph and biography I had ‘promised him’…”
“You’re kidding?” gasped Harry.
“Not kidding,” replied Mac matter-of-factly.
“So, what did you do?” begged Rachel.
“I’m not proud of what I did next,” confessed Mac, doing his best to keep his smile hidden. “I was young and naïve and idealistic and overly passionate for my own good…”
“Dad! Tell us!” pleaded Daniel.
“Okay, okay,” smiled Mac. “I took a photo of myself with one of those cameras that skew your face up…”
“No!” gasped Rachel.
“Yes!” continued Mac. “It distorted my face something awful, my ears were several sizes too big, my mouth took up three quarters of my face…” he suppressed a grin, “…it didn’t look like I had a nose…”
“Yes, yes,” Daniel was overly eager.
“I had it framed with a brief bogus bio typed underneath it and sent it to him. The label read: Zachnoid Tumbleweed, missionary to the lost island of Lagoogoo!”
“Nooo!” gasped Rachel amid an uproar of laughter.
“I can’t believe you did that,” Daniel thought his sides would split.
“What did he do?” asked Donald chuckling.
“I never heard from him again,” said Mac grinning. “I’m not sure why…”
“You’re a great story-teller Mac,” smiled a delighted Dembe, who knew well the art of storytelling.
“You let him off light,” said Harry.
“Of course, wise as I am now,” Mac grinned, “I wouldn’t do it today. It was a juvenile thing to do…”
“Yes but it’s too easy for Christians to say a token-prayer for a token-missionary and maybe send some token-dollars … and neglect the opportunities God gives them every day to serve the needy under their noses,” Harry spoke with conviction. “Or to engage personally, intentionally and sacrificially in the support of missions around the world.”
“Preach it, Harry,” smiled Mac. “Maybe you should go have coffee with him next time!”
They all laughed again.
 “You’re right, I’m getting a bit hot under my collar here,” smiled Harry. “But oh, that God’s people would catch His missionary heart to serve the world!”

***

Mac was able to secure plane tickets for first thing Tuesday morning. They were returning to Zimbabwe, the project there was just four to five weeks from completion. Mac and Harry had already booked five nights accommodation at The Fish’s Belly with Suzie, as they would have to return within the next few weeks to liaise with the government officials regarding project “New Hope”. This time the meetings would be the real deal.
This gave them the afternoon to rest and to enjoy one more meal time together, another chance for Donald to make up for lost time and feast on Nile Perch. Of course, Mac had also organised through WCI for a sizeable financial gift that he was going to leave with Dembe to give to Suzie.
The gift paid for a full hotel over the entire weekend; reimbursing her for the clientele she would have lost having closed the inn for their protection. Plus, there was a significant monetary gift to bless her. With the gift was a letter explaining that on Harry’s next trip to Kampala, he would book her into the hospital affiliated with WCI, and they would perform cosmetic surgery to remove the scar from her face. If she was ready, of course.
Suzie had expressed, over a meal, that her desire was to one day afford cosmetic surgery. Now she had her desire fulfilled.
At their final meal together in The Fish’s Belly, Mac and Harry invited Dembe to join operation “New Hope.” It goes without saying, he was decidedly overwhelmed.
“We’re connected,” he had gushed. “Thank You, Father God! This is now the next stage of God’s vision for me … for us!”
Dembe would stay in Kampala until the Zimbabwe project was over, and join up with the team when they arrived in the next six weeks. Mac also booked him into The Fish’s Belly for their five-day visit coming up. This would help Dembe connect with the project from inception, and he could join them on their drive up to the base site north of Pakwach.
As they enjoyed one last meal together, Harry asked Donald a question.
“Don, do you know what Dembe means?”
“Um, no,” he shrugged before turning to Dembe. “BaBa, what does your name mean?”
“Peace,” replied Dembe. “Peace, or peaceful.”
“That’s so apt for you, Dembe,” said Rachel.
“Dembe, what does Kato mean?” asked Daniel, curious.
The room went quiet for a moment.
“Kato?” said Dembe softly. “Kato. It means second of twins.”
Donald dropped his fork.
Harry’s jaw dropped.
Rachel gasped.
Daniel bit his lip.
Mac put his right index finger on his lip and tucked his left hand under his right elbow, coming to the correct conclusion before anyone else did.
A long silence hung over the room.
“Twins?” Rachel broke the silence.
“Donald,” asked Dembe. “You don’t remember?”
“BaBa what? Remember what?”
“Your twin brother?”
“Twin?” Donald’s jaw went slack. “I have a twin brother?”
“Donald’s a twin?” gasped Harry.
“Balondemu. Your older brother, older by fifteen minutes. He had a birthmark, similar to yours. On his stomach.”
“I have a twin brother,” Donald was perplexed. “I have no recollection.”
“What happened to Balomd … dem … mu?” Daniel struggled to pronounce it.
“Balondemu,” repeated Dembe, his eyes filled with pain. “It means, the chosen one. The first born male was very important in our tribal culture…”
“Yes?” Harry couldn’t contain his curiosity.
“He was also taken that night. The same night as Donald.”
“Taken with me?” Tears ran down Donald’s cheeks. “Why don’t I remember?”
Harry put his arm around Donald.
“There’s very little chance he’s alive,” continued Dembe. “But then I thought the same about you Donald. Maybe … perhaps, in our work in northern Uganda with New Hope … maybe we will find him.”
A download of expectation charged the circle of family and friends.
Dembe turned slowly to Harry.
“Mzee,” he said softly. “Then …. then it will be even better than this!”



THE END



About the Author

Craig R. Kirkby and his wife Lorna are currently based in Melbourne Australia with their two daughters Hannah and Jenna. 
Having served as a pastor and missionary for twenty years, he has a passion to inspire Jesus-followers, young and older, and to catalyse Kingdom exploits in our world today.
Check out his personal weblog here…
www.abetterfuturenow.com 
And the Dayspring Adventure Series weblog here…
www.dayspringadventure.wordpress.com 


