Rising
Star





Karen C. Webb
Copyright © 2014 Karen C Webb
All rights reserved.
Smashwords edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
DEDICATION

For Sue…and Rusty

Cover design by:
SelfPubBookCovers.com/PrivateDancer
All rights reserved.


Also by Karen C. Webb

American Dream

And Coming Soon:


Dream of Echoes

An Amazon Breakthrough
Novel Awards Quarterfinalist










Chapter 1



Selena wasn’t really interested in being an extra in whatever movie they were filming this time. It didn’t pay anything, it was just for the fun of being on the set of a movie. Most of the town of Los Estrellas, most of the county even, were so used to it by now, that everyone pretty much ignored all the commotion with each new cast and crew that came to town. Countless movies had been filmed in New Mexico the past few years. She assumed Hollywood had found a cheaper, more welcoming market in her small town for making their movies.
 But her friend Beth had begged her to go. She had known Beth since kindergarten and they had barrel raced together and rode their horses down every trail along the Rio Grande since they were small.
“But this time is different,” Beth begged her. “They need people to bring their horses and ride them in the movie. They need a whole crowd of horses and riders, galloping together across the desert.”
Selena stared at her short, curly-haired friend as she thought about it.  She wasn’t too keen on crowds, even though she’d rode Rusty, her beautiful sorrel gelding, in front of crowds at rodeos around the valley and she’d even taken first place barrel racing at the county fair last August. That had been quite some crowd. She smiled as she remembered the excitement.
“Okay.” She made up her mind. “I guess I’m in.”
“Yay.” Beth jumped up and down with delight. “It’ll be a blast. You’ll see.”
“I really doubt that, but it’ll get Rusty out of the yard. We’ve been so busy lately, I haven’t even practiced on the barrels.” “I haven’t had Tripp out much 
either, but school will be out soon and we’ll have all summer to barrel race and trail ride.”
They parted ways at the bus stop; Beth lived south of the school, a little closer to town, while Selena took the school bus north, where homes and farms were a little more scattered. Her family had an acre, with a small horse barn and a large corral for Rusty. The acre was fenced and grassy and Selena often turned him loose on it to graze. She stared out the window as the yellow bus lumbered its slow way north. If not for Beth dragging her out to rodeos and now to a movie set, she would probably be a recluse, hiding away in her small room. It wasn’t that she was shy, no, not at all. She was just a bit of a loner, always wrapped up in her own thoughts. She enjoyed hanging out with her classmates and the kids at the rodeos. But, even in a crowd, her mind was apt to drift away, into one of the stories she was working on. She had been writing since she was young, and when she got her head tied up in her own make-believe, it was hard to pull her mind back to reality. She seemed to drift through life, almost as if she were at the edge of life, looking in. 
Rusty pawed the air with his right hoof and swung his head as he saw her walking up the long drive. He had a way of putting his head near the ground with his chin tucked down, then tossing his head high, his orange mane flying. It was his way of greeting her and telling her he was hungry.
Selena tossed him a flake of alfalfa and stood with him, scratching his favorite spot on his withers while he ate.
“You wanna be in a movie, Rusty?” She said softly as she scratched him. He seemed to pay her no mind, but Selena saw his right ear flick back toward her, listening to her voice. “I bet you could be a big movie star, huh boy?”
She spent a few minutes with him, then went inside to make herself a sandwich. Her home was a very modest, very small, single-wide trailer sitting smack in the middle of the acre. She had always thought it was pretty old and ugly and she was a little embarrassed by it when she had friends over. The white paint was faded from the desert sun and a hail storm a few years ago had beaten the paint off it in places, leaving behind neat, round blotches of bare, grey metal. 
She took the sandwich to her room, plopping down in front of her small, second-hand computer. Her mother had bought it from a coworker and, though it wasn’t much, Selena had spent countless hours in front of it. She’d been writing fiction novels since she was young and she worked on the current one whenever she had a minute to spare. She was working on a detective series, with a teenage girl as the lead character. She had started the series three years ago, when she was fifteen and now, she was beginning to wonder if it would ever be finished. It seemed as if the older she got, the less time she had to work on her stories. Between homework and rodeos and trail rides with Beth, there was very little time to sit down and concentrate on it. She read through the last chapter she’d written, then picked up where she’d left off. Her fingers flew across the keyboard as she typed, her mind lost to another place and time as she deftly led her character, Trish, through clues and adventures and even romance. Selena was so caught up in the lives she’d created, she didn’t hear the car pull into the drive or the front door slam when her mother arrived home.
“Selena,” her mother sounded angry. “You haven’t done your chores, your school books are still on the table and it’s your turn to cook dinner.”
“Sorry, mom. I’m coming,” Selena called as she quickly saved her work on her old computer. She had completely lost track of the time while she lost herself in the life of Trish. She enjoyed writing so much, she promised herself she’d devote at least an hour a day to it.  Of course, it was a promise she’d made before, but it was always easier said than done.
“What were you doing in there, if you weren’t doing homework?” Her mother nodded her head at the schoolbooks on the table. 
“Oh…I’m working on an English paper. I have it saved on my computer.” 
“I see,” her mother said, buying the lie without question.
Selena felt bad lying to her mother, but she was a little embarrassed. She had never shared her stories with anyone; as far as she knew, her parents didn’t know she had ever written anything. It was one thing to lose herself in her stories, but the thought of other people reading them was hard to imagine. What if everyone laughed  at her?





Chapter 2



Selena loaded Rusty into the horse trailer Saturday morning and hurried to pick up Beth and her horse, Tripp. She used her father’s battered old pickup to pull the trailer and, as she drove, she could see Rusty push open the small door on the front of the trailer and poke his head through. The door had never latched correctly and Rusty had quickly figured out how to push it open and hang his head out. He looked like a huge puppy in her side mirror, with his head hanging out an open car window, his orange mane flying in the wind.
Beth helped her load Tripp in beside Rusty and they set out for Santa Fe, or somewhere nearby, Beth told her. “You just have to follow the yellow signs with a CW on them,” Beth said. “It should be just south of
Santa Fe, out in the desert.”
“Got it,” Selena said.
They found the location without any trouble. The small, yellow signs were taped to the post of every stop sign they approached, pointing the way to every turn. 
“Oh. Look how many people,” Beth said as they bounced across the desert and parked beside several other horse trailers.
“Yeah, it looks like a madhouse,” Selena answered. Beth’s excitement was catching and Selena felt a knot of tension begin in her stomach.  
They quickly saddled up their horses and loped them around for a bit, warming them up as they did at rodeos, before joining the crowd of twenty or so other people, sitting on their horses and chatting. There were people of every age milling about on their horses, as crew members scurried around, setting up cameras and lights and microphones. Even though quite a few movies had been shot in their area the last few years, Selena felt the excitement working through her body as she watched the crew. It was one thing to see film crews everywhere around the town, but she had certainly never been a part of it. Rusty felt her excitement too and he danced around a little until she rubbed his neck to quiet him. She had heard a little about this movie, but honestly, she hadn’t paid much attention to what it was about or even who was in it. 
“Do you know who’s in this movie?” she asked Beth.
“Matthew Mason,” Beth answered impatiently. “Remember, I told you last week.  He is incredibly hot. And Brittany Toomes has the female lead.”
Selena barely knew who either of them were. She only had a vague recollection of what Matt Mason looked like. She didn’t spend a lot of time in front of the TV, preferring instead to be racing across the desert or around the barrels on Rusty’s back. She’d had a huge crush on Paul James when she was younger and she’d watched all of his movies through her teenage years. His blond, California boy looks and sparkling blue eyes were enough to turn any girls head. But those days were long behind her now. Between horseback riding and writing her stories, she had very little time for TV.
Eventually, the crew finished setting up and an older lady with her hair in a bun and glasses hanging from a chain around her neck came over to the riders. She was carrying a clipboard and she studied it as she walked. 
“Okay,” she said as she approached. “We’ve painted a white line way over there on the grass.” She pointed behind the group and all heads turned collectively as they looked where she pointed.  “We need all of you to start from there and run your horses past us here. You’ll find another white line west of us way down there,” she said as she pointed in the opposite direction. “After you cross that line, turn around and meet us back here. We may need to do it several times, or until the director says he’s happy with it.”
Selena and Beth turned their horses, following along as the group headed off toward their mark. They spun their horses around just past the white line and, as everyone lined up behind it an older man on a big paint horse said, “I’ll count to three, and then we all take off, okay?”
Everyone nodded and watched the gray-haired man for his cue.
“Okay,” he said. “One…two…three…GO!” Twenty-five horses leapt across the line like racehorses from a starting gate and Selena tightened her legs around Rusty as he took off. She was caught in the middle of the pack of flying hooves, but, as the horses ran, the pack began to break apart as slower horses dropped back, faster ones moving on ahead. Rusty stretched his neck out as horses ran alongside him. He had racehorse blood in his background and his nostrils flared as he struggled to catch the leaders. Three horses were still in front of him and Selena moved him slightly left as he overtook the first one, a small black mare with a young girl on her back. Now there were two horses in front of Rusty and Selena tried to slow him down. They were, after all, supposed to be running together in a pack past the cameras, not participating in an old-school horse race, where spectators made side bets.
 But Rusty was having none of it, he shook his head as she pulled on the reins and she saw he was running quickly up on the heels of a big bay gelding. She steered him left again, before he could clip the heels of the bay, causing both horses to fall and taking their riders with them. Rusty fought for his head again as they passed the big bay and he set his sights on the remaining horse. It was the big black and white paint with the old man who had yelled ‘Go.’ The paint had a half black, half white tail and it was flying like a banner as Rusty closed the gap between them. She could hear the thunder of galloping hooves behind her, but she dared not look back. It took every ounce of her concentration to guide Rusty at breakneck speed across a desert dotted with sagebrush and gopher holes. One misstep could mean a painful fall, not to mention the twenty-three sets of hooves that would trample them if they went down. 
She steered Rusty to the right as he closed the distance on the paint horse. Rusty stretched his neck further and gave it everything he had. As far as he was concerned, it was a race and he was determined to win it. Selena could just see a blurry throng of people watching from the sidelines on her right as they passed the set, Rusty running neck and neck with the paint. She had given up on trying to rein him in and had instead leaned forward over his neck, moving with him as he ran. They became almost like one entity as they passed the paint horse and moved out in front, his long, orange mane mingling with her long, auburn hair. His gait was so smooth at this flat-out gallop, Selena’s body didn’t seem to move in the saddle as she leaned forward, causing them to look like one flying orange creature. 
“Who is that?” The director asked as they raced by, raising his voice over the sound of thundering hooves. He pointed at Selena and Rusty as he asked and the lady with the clipboard looked down at her notes, trying to decipher between twenty-five sets of names. 
“It looks like Pegasus,” he said before the lady could answer. “Taking that young girl with him as he flies through the air. Could you bring her over when we’re done filming? I’d like to meet her and her flying horse.” He didn’t take his eyes from Selena and Rusty as he spoke.
“Sure, Don,” the grey-haired lady answered, still studying her clipboard, still not sure which of the names belonged to the young, auburn-haired beauty.
They ran through the scene once more, the horses grouping together better after the first run took the edge off their energy. Rusty still fought for the lead, but Selena was able to hold him to the middle of the pack this time, never giving him the chance to pass the horses in front of him. Beth ran near the rear both times. Tripp was plenty fast enough, but he was lazy and he didn’t always look where he was going, causing him to stumble occasionally; hence, the name Tripp. 

The girls were back at their trailer, unsaddling their horses, when the lady with the clipboard walked over. She offered her hand to Selena first, then to Beth.
Selena wiped her sweating, dirty hand on her jeans before taking the ladies hand and shaking it firmly.
“I’m Lenoir Rhodes,” the lady said. “The director, Don Broward, asked to meet with you.”
“Really? He wants to meet us?” Beth asked excitedly.
“He asked to meet with Selena and her flying horse, but I’m sure he would enjoy speaking with both of you.”
Beth’s face fell a little, but she held her smile frozen in place as she faced Selena. “You go ahead. I’m going to rub Tripp down and walk him around a little to cool him off.”
“Beth, you have to come with me,” Selena said. “This whole thing was your idea.”
“No. You go ahead, Selena. You look a lot more like a movie star than me, anyway.” 
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Beth only shook her curly head and stared at her feet as the older lady led Selena away.
Selena was quiet as she followed Lenoir toward the crowd of people, leading Rusty along behind her. She was a little hurt and confused by Beth’s attitude. They had always done everything together and she didn’t see why Beth was acting hurt now. Well, she kinda did, but if the director had asked to meet with Beth, Selena wouldn’t have cared.
“Will your horse be afraid around so many people? It’s a lot of noise and excitement for an animal.”
“No. Rusty is used to crowds at the rodeos and we ride in the Christmas parade every year. He always seems to enjoy the noise and excitement.”
Rusty was, in fact, watching the cast and crew members as they hurried about, moving equipment and shouting to each other, but he only seemed to show a casual interest.
Don Broward stood as they reached him. He had been sitting in a tall chair with his name on the back, studying a clipboard. He dropped it on the seat as he took Selena’s hand.
“I’m Don Broward,” he said with a warm smile.
“I know,” Selena answered. “I recognize you from your old movies, before you became a director. “I’m Selena Summers and this is Rusty.”
Don reached out and scratched Rusty’s head. Rusty was itchy from running and sweating and he put his head down, rubbing it against Don’s jeans, nearly bowling him over.
Don laughed genially. “He sure is friendly for a horse that was barely touching the ground a little while ago.”
“Yeah. I’ve had him for years. He thinks he’s a dog, most days.”
Don laughed. “Well, Selena, the reason I asked to meet you is, I would like to offer you and Rusty a part in this movie, if you’re interested?”
 Selena felt a pain in her chest, it was as if her heart stopped for a second and then took off again, too fast. Don watched the bewildered look on her face and added quickly, “It’s a small part, not many lines. What I need is someone who can ride, and looks good doing it.”
“I don’t know, Mr. Broward. I’ll have to talk to my parents. Will it interfere with school?” Did she really want to be in their movie? Did she really even care? She didn’t voice her thoughts, but she did feel a little excitement at the prospect of having a real part in a movie.
“We can work around your schedule since it’s a small part. We can shoot after school and weekends if need be. Should only take six weeks or so. It pays forty-two thousand.”
“Forty-two thousand dollars?” Selena didn’t think her family’s mobile home and property had cost that much. She had never even seen more than a thousand dollars at one time in her entire life. It sounded like a veritable fortune to her.
“Okay…well, yeah, I guess,” she stammered. “I’ll talk to my parents this afternoon.” How could she possibly say no? Forty-two grand? It was a ridiculous amount of money for six weeks work. And part-time work at that.
“Great,” Don Broward said. He took her hand again in a warm handshake. “And please call me Don, everyone does.”
“Sure, Don. Thank you.”
He gave her a script to read, quickly circling her few lines. 
“If you can come back after school on Monday, we can get started right away?”
“Sure, I guess I can do that.”
“And bring Rusty too. Unless you’d rather ride one of the horses we brought for the movie.”
“No, I’ll bring Rusty.”
Selena walked slowly back to Beth, her mind a whirlwind of emotions. She still wasn’t very interested in their movie, but forty-two thousand dollars? It was a fortune. And I guess it’s a little exciting too, she admitted to herself. I’ll get to watch myself on TV one day.
Rusty followed along with his head near her shoulder, like a huge puppy. He paid very little attention to the crowds and excitement as they made their way back to Beth.
“What did they say?” Beth asked as soon as she reached the horse trailer.
“Don Broward offered me a small part in this movie,” Selena answered quietly, searching her friend’s face for jealousy or hurt feelings.
“Are you serious? I told you, you look like a movie star.” Beth seemed excited for her, and Selena let out the breath she’d been holding. She would’ve turned the part down before she would hurt her friend’s feelings.
“It’s only a small part, not many lines or anything. He said he mostly wants someone who can ride.” Selena tried to downplay it, to spare her friend.
“It’s wonderful, Selena. I’m so happy for you.”
Thank God, she doesn’t seem jealous or anything. Selena searched her friend’s face as they talked, but Beth seemed to be genuinely happy for her.
Selena’s parents, when she told them, were ecstatic about the movie, and when she mentioned the amount of money, her mother cried a little. “You can use it for college,” she sniffed, wiping her eyes. “I’m so proud of you, Selena.”
Her father gave her a hug. “I’m proud of you too, little girl.”
Selena was a little embarrassed by her parent’s praise. She had, after all, only gone in the first place because Beth begged her to. She had always been more of a loner. She didn’t enjoy being the center of attention or making a spectacle of herself. She preferred to go through life on the fringe, riding Rusty quietly through the desert or hiding out in front of her computer. Other than when she was on Rusty’s back, she almost felt as if she didn’t fit in; she felt like an outsider most days.




Chapter 3



Beth went back to Santa Fe with her on Monday. “I just want to see a movie being made,” she said. “And I’ll be close by if you need anything.”
Selena was more than happy to have Beth go with her. She felt nervous enough, knowing that she would actually have a part in the movie. It had been just for fun to go with Beth as an extra, but this—this was the real thing.
The set was a hustle and bustle of crew members again. They were busy setting up a camera on the back of a pickup truck. 
Lenoir Rhodes came over and instructed Selena on her marks. 
“You don’t have any lines today,” she said. “You’re just going to trot your horse across the desert while the truck rolls alongside, filming.”
Selena nodded and saddled Rusty. Her stomach had been a ball of knots, but now, she began to relax. It’s just riding Rusty, she told herself. Something you would have done today, anyway. Lenoir showed her where to begin and pointed out how far she was to go and Selena set out, trotting Rusty across the desert in a northwesterly direction. Rusty paid no attention as the pickup rolled alongside, thirty or forty yards out from him. Selena sat tall and straight in her saddle, watching the desert ahead. It was strange, something she did on almost a daily basis, felt so uncomfortable with so many people watching, not to mention a camera rolling beside her. She figured she would probably look stiff and unsure in the movie, if it didn’t end up on the cutting room floor. They might decide she wasn’t right for the part after all. She forced her body to relax. She pretended she was alone in the desert, as she had so often been, just her and her horse and the occasional jackrabbit.
“Okay, that’s good,” the man on back of the pickup yelled out. Selena turned Rusty and trotted him back to the group of people, her body more relaxed and easy in the saddle.
“Let’s do it again,” Don Broward said as they reached him. “This time at a lope.”
Selena turned Rusty and waited for the pickup to get into position, then moved Rusty out into a lope. He tucked his head and settled into his rocking chair gait as Selena took a deep seat in her barrel racing saddle, her long mane of hair flying behind her.
They reached the mark quickly this time and Selena turned Rusty and loped him back. As she reached the crowd of crew members, she was pulled back to reality by a new face standing at the front of the crowd, staring at her. He was tall, she noticed. He was wearing jeans and cowboy boots and he stood tall and straight as he stared at her. Selena was tall and slim herself so she always noticed when a guy was taller than her. She slowed Rusty to a walk as she neared and, as the young man continued to stare, she gave him a nervous smile. He smiled back, his blue eyes lighting up with a mischievous twinkle. Selena walked Rusty on by, but she could feel his eyes on her back. Great, she thought. It’s not bad enough, having a whole crew staring at me, now this pretty boy has to make me feel even more nervous.
“Did Matthew Mason just smile at you?” Beth asked excitedly when she reached the horse trailer.
“I guess,” Selena shrugged it off. “I wasn’t sure if that’s who it was.”
“Oh, Selena, you’re hopeless. Of course that’s who it was. I saw him come out of a camper trailer over there. When he saw you riding Rusty across the desert, he came through the crowd to watch.”
They were interrupted then by Lenoir Rhodes approaching. “That may be it for today Selena, but if you could just hang around unless we need to shoot it again?”
“Alright, sure.” Selena took off Rusty’s bridle and replaced it with a halter and lead rope. She tied the lead rope to a metal ring on the trailer and gave him a flake of hay.
“There’s a catering truck and a table full of food set up by those campers over there,” Beth said. “Let’s go raid it and maybe we’ll catch another glimpse of Hottie Mason.”
“Okay, I am getting pretty hungry.” Selena’s eyes darted across the crowd as they walked by. Was she hoping to get another look at the tall, sexy guy? No, she told herself as she looked away and shook her head. What do I care about some gorgeous movie star?
There were cold cuts and chips and sodas laid out on the table. The girls quickly made sandwiches with ham and turkey and they each took a soda. Selena took a bite of the sandwich as she was turning away from the table and she ran right into the chest of a tall young man. She took a step back, her gaze traveling up to his face. She felt her heart skip a beat. It was the same guy…Matthew Mason. He put out his hand, the same mischievous smile lighting up his eyes. “Hi, I’m Matt Mason.”
Selena took his hand as she swallowed her bite of sandwich, almost without chewing it. “Hi. I’m Selena Summers and this is Beth Winston.” She had swallowed the bite of her sandwich and now she quickly wiped the back of her hand across her mouth as Matt stared at her, his blue eyes twinkling.
Beth took his hand excitedly. “I’ve seen all your movies, Mr. Mason. My favorite was ‘Shadow Dance.’ You’re a great dancer,” she chattered nervously. Matt shook Beth’s hand and smiled at her, but his blue eyes never really left Selena. “Thank you,” he told Beth. “I appreciate the loyal fans. How about you, Selena? Are you a fan?” That’s odd, she’s looking at me like she doesn’t even know who I am. He found it a refreshing change to see a teenage girl who wasn’t fawning over him and asking for autographs. Honestly, her eyes were completely unreadable. Mysterious, even.
Selena wasn’t sure how to answer his question. It would be rude to say no, but if she said yes, he might ask her which movie was her favorite. She honestly couldn’t name a one of them.
“Sure,” she finally answered. “But I don’t watch a lot of TV or go to the movies very often.” 
She began walking past him, the uneaten sandwich still in her hand, but Matt turned and followed along. He was really intrigued now. “What do you do then, if you don’t watch TV or go to the movies?”
“Ride horses and rodeo,” Selena answered guardedly. She was afraid he would think she was just some small town, hick girl who didn’t even own a TV. “I guess it’s pretty tame compared to Hollywood.”
“No, it sounds nice. I like to ride too. I just don’t get a chance often enough.” Matt matched her pace as she walked. “This movie has been fun, though. My    whole body is sore from riding every day.” 
She quickened her stride as Matt talked. He made her feel nervous and she knew she couldn’t hold a decent conversation if he talked about his movies. Just go away, Hottie Mason, she thought as she walked faster.
But he kept pace with her, his long legs matching her stride easily. “You get used to it…riding, I mean,” she said. “If you do it every day.” At least he’s on a subject I can handle, she thought.
Selena turned when she realized Beth was no longer beside her. Beth was still by the table, eating her sandwich with her back to them. Oh my God, we probably hurt her feelings, Selena thought. She had never ditched her friend for some guy and she wasn’t about to begin now.
“Come on, Beth.” Selena waved her arm and Beth hurried to catch up, a big smile on her face.
“I guess I’ll see you around,” Matt said as Beth caught up to them. 
He stopped walking as the girls continued on their way. He stood and watched as they walked away. Selena’s cowboy boots had a bit of a heel on them and he liked the way it made her hips swing as she walked across the desert. She was quite different from the type of girls he was used to. Normally, he was around models and actresses who were too full of themselves to pay much attention to him. Or fans, who were completely in love with his character from a movie, but they didn’t know him personally. They had no idea who he really was. They almost seemed surprised when he didn’t look and act like the character they had fallen in love with.
But this girl was different. He could sense it about her. She was much deeper than the shallow actresses he knew and she obviously wasn’t an adoring fan. And those big, dark eyes, they looked like she was hiding some sort of mysteries behind them. If he could just pry her away from her short, curly-haired friend, he thought he just might like to get to know her better. Maybe I can find out what secrets she’s hiding behind those beautiful eyes, he thought. He watched until the two girls disappeared into the crowd, then he turned back to the catering table, his thoughts still on Selena.




Chapter 4



Selena and Beth hung around the set the rest of the day. Selena wasn’t needed again; she mostly sat around bored as the crew moved lights and microphones around. It seemed to take so long to set up for each shot, then only a few minutes of filming. What a boring job, she thought as she leaned back in her chair, the spring sun beating on her face. She closed her eyes as the sun relaxed her body, the noise of the crowd fading into the background. 
It was late in the afternoon and Selena was dozing in her chair when she heard a galloping horse. She opened her eyes to see Matt Mason galloping across the desert on a big bay horse with black legs and a black mane and tail. The pickup was rolling alongside as they filmed. She noticed immediately how well he sat his horse as it galloped. He sat tall and straight in the saddle, his hands light on the reins. Selena was stunned at how handsome he looked wearing a black cowboy hat. She could see his blue eyes shining happily as he galloped past. A funny tingle started in the pit of her stomach as she watched him and she was wide awake for the first time in hours. 
“See, I told you he was hot,” Beth whispered. “And he seemed to feel the same about you.”
Selena shrugged her shoulders, not sure how to answer as her eyes continued to follow Matt. He does look good on a horse, she thought. I like the tall, dark and sexy look. He seems so completely different from the local guys around here. She finally shook her head to clear it as she stretched back out in the chair and closed her eyes. He’s just eye candy, she told herself. He’s probably got more Hollywood girlfriends than I have blue ribbons from barrel racing.


Beth wasn’t able to go with her to the set every day after school. She was involved in so many after-school activities, it was late every day when she got home. Selena missed her friendly chatter as she sat around the set each day after school, lonely and bored. She had only filmed one short scene, where she repeated her few lines over and over until Don finally called out, “that’s a wrap.” It hadn’t been as bad as she’d expected. She blocked the crowd from her mind as she said her lines, pretending she was one of the characters in the stories she was always writing. The rest of the time had been spent sitting around with nothing to do. She took her schoolbooks and did her homework. She tried reading, but she hadn’t found a good book lately, one that would really draw her into a good story. After a few boring afternoons, she finally pulled out a notebook and began writing. She picked up the story of Trish where she had left off, planning to transfer her work to her home computer as time permitted. 
She was lost in the life of Trish one evening just before sunset, her hand moving furiously across the page as she worked to get her thoughts down. She paid no attention when someone occupied the chair beside her. The crew came and went constantly, grabbing whatever seat they could get.
“Are you doing homework?”
Selena jumped as the smooth, sexy voice penetrated her thoughts. She looked up, her mind struggling to return to the current time and place.
“Uh, no. It’s a book I’ve been working on,” she stammered as she looked at Matt. Her face reddened as she realized she’d told him the truth. Beth didn’t even know about her stories. Well, she had been caught off guard; her mind had been in another time and place. Matt leaned closer and draped his arm over the back of her chair. He leaned toward her as he spoke and the intimacy of his nearness confused Selena. She quickly closed her notebook and shifted in her seat, turning to look at him and putting a little space between them.
“Are you serious?” Matt said with the mischievous glint to his blue eyes. “You’re a rodeo queen and an actress and now you’re going to be a famous author too?”
“I’m none of those things,” Selena laughed nervously. “I’m just a person who enjoys horseback riding and barrel racing. I’m stuck in a movie that I have no interest in, and I enjoy writing stories.”
Matt threw back his head and laughed. His laugh had a musical, happy sound. It caught the interest of a couple of passing crew members. Selena looked up as the two women stared at Matt, then continued on their way, giggling and whispering to each other. I bet he gets that a lot, Selena thought, a bit of a frown crinkling her forehead. I bet he’s used to girls fawning all over him.
“I just stopped by to see if you’d like to have dinner with me tonight?” Matt’s face took on a serious tone as he stared into her eyes. He almost looked like a fourteen year-old boy, asking a girl to his first dance and afraid of the rejection, she thought, amusement replacing her frown. How charming. I would have expected more of the, ‘I’m an incredibly sexy movie star and you’re lucky I’m paying attention to you,’ kind of attitude, she thought as she stared back at him. 
“Sure, I guess,” she answered. What was this guy doing asking her out when he could have his pick of any of the girls here? And acting like a kid instead of a smooth, sexy movie star. Ah, well he is an actor, after all. She smiled as it came clear to her.
“Do you know Santa Fe? I’ve mostly stayed out here in the RV. I haven’t really had a chance to explore the town yet.”
“Sure. I know a couple of nice restaurants in Old Town.”
“Great.” Matt whipped out a cell phone and made a quick call. “Right by the beige horse trailer,” he said into the phone.
He took Selena’s arm and led her toward her horse trailer. She refilled Rusty’s water bucket and threw him another flake of hay. “We’ll be right back, Rusty,” she told him as she scratched his withers. Rusty dropped his head, scratching his face against her side, and then returned to his meal.
Selena looked up at the sound of a long black car bouncing across the desert toward them. “A limo, really?”
“Yes. It’s for the cast to use. I just haven’t had an excuse til now.”
“It looks like it should be following a hearse.”
 Matt laughed as he held the door and she stepped into the long, black car. The interior was a soft, beige leather. It was so out of place out here in the desert, she almost laughed herself. She felt like a character in one of her stories. Maybe I can even use it, she thought. Write it into a scene. Bad guy chases Trish across the desert in long, black limo.
“Which way?” Matt pulled her head back from the clouds. The car had reached the highway and the driver awaited their direction.
She directed the driver to Old Town, where he parked on the street in front of a New Mexican restaurant. The driver hurried to open the door for her and even took her hand to help her out. I’m being treated like Hollywood royalty, while I’m wearing jeans and boots and riding a horse in their movie. She smiled as she stepped out and looked back at the car. Other drivers passing on the street and even pedestrians were staring as they passed by. Matt took her arm as they moved to the door of the restaurant.
The hostess was a young Hispanic girl. She gushed as she saw Matt Mason in front of her. “Right this way Mr. Mason. This is the best table we have, right in the window.”
“Thank you,” Matt said without looking at her as he held Selena’s chair.
The hostess still stood there, menus in hand, staring at Matt as a middle-aged waitress appeared at her side. “I can take it from here, Roberta,” she said, taking the menus from the younger girl’s hand. 
 “I’ve seen all of your movies,” the older lady told Matt as she set the menus down and took their drink order. Matt smiled and thanked her, but he kept his eyes on Selena. He wondered what she was thinking as he looked at her violet eyes that seemed to hold so many secrets. The aura of mystery was mesmerizing as he stared at her. Her eyes had almost a faraway look to them, as if she were always thinking of a different time and place.
Selena glanced around the restaurant. Everyone in the room was staring at Matthew Mason. She felt her face redden as she realized they were the center of attention. Maybe we should have went through a drive-thru somewhere, she was thinking. I would never want to be famous, if it meant all this attention everywhere you go. Rich, yeah…but Matt Mason can have his fame.
She jumped slightly as Matt took her hand where it lay on the table. “You get used to it,” he told her, nodding his head toward the stares.
“Yeah…I don’t think so.” She looked at his hand where he had left it over hers on the table. She temporarily forgot the onlookers as she looked into his amused blue eyes. Her insides churned as he stared at her. Then he smiled and the mischievous twinkle sparkled in his eyes. I was right, Matt thought. She doesn’t like being the center of attention. It was a refreshing change from the type of girls he knew. Most of them acted outlandishly, trying to draw attention to themselves in any way possible.
Selena began to relax a little once Matt took his hand away and picked up his menu. She had felt knots of nervous tension go through her as he stared at her with his hand still covering hers on the table. A vibration, like a hum of electricity had passed between their hands. And she could still feel every eye in the restaurant on them. Guess they’re not used to having a big movie star eating at a local hangout, she thought. Yeah, as if I am. She snuck a peek at Matt over her menu. He seemed completely at ease with all the eyes on them, as if he dealt with it every day of the week, which he probably did.
The waitress returned with their sodas and a bowl of chips and salsa.
“I don’t know what to order,” Matt said. “I don’t even know what half this stuff is.”
“Would you like me to order for you?” Selena asked.
“Yes, please,” he said, a strange glint to his blue eyes.
Selena ordered enchiladas for both of them with frijoles and sopapillas. 
“Red or green?” The waitress asked.
“Red or green what?” Matt said.
“Red or green chile,” Selena said. “Green on both,” she told the waitress.
“You must not be from California?” She asked Matt as the waitress walked away.
“Toronto,” he answered.
“Really? You’re Canadian?” 
“Yes. You have something against Canadians?”
“No. I’ve just never met one before.”
Matt threw back his head and laughed his nice laugh, the musical sound ringing across the restaurant.
“I guess we’re a little ‘small town’ around here.” “No, I think it’s wonderful,” he answered. “It’s the exact opposite of the Hollywood madness I’m used to. I feel like I can be myself more out here.”

Matt put her at ease over dinner and they chatted amiably. The other diners had eventually gone about their own business and Selena was grateful that all the eyes weren’t on them anymore. She laughed as Matt took a bite of the hot green chile and quickly downed his soda as his face reddened.
“You get used to it,” she told him.
“I don’t think so,” he croaked out. “That’s the hottest thing I’ve ever eaten in my life.”
“Here, try some honey.” She put a little honey on a sopapilla and handed it to him. “It kills the burn instantly.”
They laughed and chatted through the rest of the meal and Matt lingered after dinner, sipping another soda and waiting for the burn to subside from his mouth. He had always enjoyed trying new foods, but these ‘chiles’ were going to take some getting used to. He was in no rush for the evening to end. He had an amazing view of the New Mexico sunset through the big window behind Selena. He watched as the orange rays picked up the reddish highlights in her dark hair. He looked into her huge, mysterious eyes, but she didn’t hold his stare, lowering her eyes each time and blocking him from trying to read her thoughts. 
“Is your hair natural or tinted?” he finally asked as he watched the setting sun play on it.
“It’s naturally dark and the desert sunshine adds the red tints,” she answered.
She held his stare this time with her big, violet eyes. Her lashes were long and curled beautifully, he could tell they were real too. He took her hand again across the table, looking at the slim fingers with clean, unpainted nails. 
“You’re probably the most real girl I’ve been out with in a long time,” he said softly, still holding her hand.
Selena shifted nervously in her seat and her heart pounded as she looked into his twinkling blue eyes. “What do you mean?”
“I mean, Hollywood girls are plastic,” he said. “Fake eyelashes, fake nails, fake hair and fake boobs.”
Selena giggled as she blushed and lowered her gaze, staring at his hand still holding hers on the table. She was unused to such intensity and honesty from the boys she knew and why did it feel like an electric current passing through their hands? He made her feel like they were the only two people in the restaurant as he stared at her; he ignored everyone but Selena, including the waitress.
“You look my age, but you seem older,” she said, trying her best to quell the nervous tension in her stomach. Cool and collected, just like Trish, she told herself. 
“I’m twenty. But several years of Hollywood and traveling all over the world will definitely age a person. How old are you?”
“I’ll be eighteen in a few weeks.”
“And how about your name? Selena Summers is a beautiful name. It sounds like a stage name.”
“No,” Selena giggled. “It’s mine. My mother is Hispanic and my father is white. My name is a little of both.”
“Well, it’s a beautiful name.”
“Thank you. I’m not sure everyone agrees, though,” she sighed.
“Why?”
“A lot of people still call me a half-breed.”
“You’re joking?”
“No. My mother’s parents almost disowned her when she ran away with my father. But, they finally gave in after I was born.”
“That’s incredible,” Matt said. 
“Yeah. I guess it was pretty bad for them as teenagers. But they say their love for each other held them together.”
Matt was still holding her hand on the table, and the way he stared into her eyes, she thought maybe he could see into her very soul. His stare was so intense, it made her feel nervous and jittery. She jumped when a flashbulb popped in their eyes. A man outside their window had just snapped their picture. Selena tried to keep a calm, cool look on her face, but between the electric tingle that passed between their hands and the flash of the camera, she thought she might just jump out of her skin.
“You get used to it,” Matt said, ignoring the camera as he stared at her.
“I don’t think I want to get used to it.”
Matt laughed his musical laugh again. “Yeah, I don’t blame you.”




Chapter 5



Matt stood looking down at her after she had loaded Rusty in the trailer for the return drive. The desert was empty now as the cast and crew had either gone into town or returned to their trailers. The deepening shadows of twilight played across his face as she looked up at him. His nearness made her fidgety; her experience with boys had been very limited, involving mostly school dances and quick kisses afterward. She had been asked out plenty, but most of the boys at her school had seemed so immature, she just hadn’t bothered. She’d had one boyfriend for a short time last year. They had met at a rodeo and quickly become friends. They had went out on several dates and she’d even made out with him, but then his family had moved to Texas and they sort of lost touch. But she knew, without a doubt, that freckle-faced cowboy had never sent shivers through her the way Matt’s touch did.
She felt her pulse quicken as Matt took her hand and looked into her eyes. Almost before she realized what was happening, he had leaned down and kissed her lips, ever so softly. She closed her eyes, waiting for more—wanting more, but she felt his hand slip from hers, and when she opened her eyes again, he was gone. He had slipped around the horse trailer and disappeared into the deepening shadows. Selena stood there for a minute, her heart racing uncontrollably, until Rusty banged his hoof against his grain bucket, breaking the spell. Matthew Mason…she smiled to herself as she started up the old pickup. Who would have thought a month ago that I’d be filming a movie and hanging out with Matt Mason? No, more than hanging out. She touched her lips where she could still feel his mouth on hers. 

Matt began stopping by every evening, as his film schedule allowed. Selena would be doing homework, or writing furiously in her notebook and she would look up to find him standing in front of her. Her heart would immediately speed up as she looked up at him, fluttering against her ribcage incessantly.
He usually sat with her for a few minutes at least, chatting and getting to know her. They had much in common and were becoming fast friends, although Selena secretly wished he would kiss her again. It had been unexpected and she wasn’t ready. She wanted to try it again and see if she still felt that strange, electric tingle. 
As for Matt, he was impressed that Selena wasn’t fawning over him as most of his adoring fans did. He didn’t usually mind it, but on a date he never knew if the girl was interested in him personally or only worshipped his fame. Even though he was getting to know her better and they were becoming friends, he could still see a faraway, mysterious look to her eyes and it intrigued him. He lay awake at night, thinking about it; what secrets lay hidden in those deep, dark depths. 
One afternoon, he showed up on the big bay gelding he’d ridden when Selena first saw him. “Let’s go for a ride,” he said, sitting tall in his saddle. She quickly saddled Rusty and they made their way across the desert, working their way southwest, away from the movie set. They had a beautiful view of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains to the west, until they dropped down into a wash underneath huge Cottonwood trees. Selena turned Rusty, leading the way through the sandy canyon. As the wash widened out, Matt drew his horse alongside.
“Do you live around here?” he asked.
“In the Rio Grande valley, south of Albuquerque.”
“Ah, I’ve been through there. I’ve only seen it from the highway, but it’s a beautiful view across the valley and mountains.”
“Yes, it is. It’s the only home I’ve ever known. I’ve never been much of anywhere else.”
“Nowhere?”
“Well, I went with my dad to Denver once and I’ve been to El Paso, but that’s about it. I envy you all the travel you get to do.”
“Yeah, it’s a great chance to see the world, but believe me, it gets old after a while. It would be nice to have a place of my own to come home to. And a dog. I’ve always wanted to have a dog, but I’ve never had the opportunity.”
“That’s too bad. Or even if you had a horse. Rusty thinks he’s a dog most days. He would follow me into the house if I let him. Anyway, don’t you live in L.A.?” 
“Yeah. I have a house there. Up in the hills. But I spend so little time there, it doesn’t feel like a home. Just a big, beautiful house with no soul to it.”
No soul? She thought about that. “I guess I know what you mean,” she said. “It’s not really a home unless you live there all the time.” As they rode slowly along, their horses picking their way through the wash, she thought about how different their two worlds were. He still made her feel like a small town, hick girl, with his extensive knowledge of places and cultures she’d never even seen. She would love to have the opportunity to travel the world, visiting foreign and exotic locations, but of course, she wouldn’t trade her loyal horse and her beloved desert for anything.
They stopped their horses under a huge old cottonwood tree, its limbs gnarled with age. Selena jumped down, leaving Rusty’s rein trailing to the ground, and stretched her legs. She watched as Matt moved toward her, taking her hand as he neared and, without the prying eyes of cast and crew members, he swept his black cowboy hat from his head and kissed her. Really kissed her. Selena was startled at the intensity of the kiss. He pulled her closer, kissing her deeply, his lips crushed against hers, until she finally put her hands up to his chest and took a step back.
“Sorry,” he said unabashedly. “You’re just so damn beautiful Selena, and so different from the kind of girls I know.” He seemed a little out of breath as he spoke.
“Sure,” she said, feeling breathless herself. “But you will only be here for a few weeks, then you’ll be back in Hollywood.”
He hadn’t really given it any thought, but now he realized she was right. “Okay, I’ll try to back it down a bit. But really, I’m not that kind of guy.” He took her hand again as he spoke, rubbing his thumb across her fingers.
 Selena wasn’t so sure. She knew the Hollywood type, always looking for a good time. Not that she hadn’t wanted the kiss to continue. And what a kiss. Like how they kiss in movies, she thought.  Her body still tingled and she could still taste him on her lips as he stared at her, his blue eyes twinkling and full of mischief. But she wouldn’t allow herself a moment of fun now, only to be hurt a few weeks from now. No. No way. No matter how much I’m attracted to him, I won’t let myself get hurt, she thought.
Matt let go of her hand finally, looking slightly hurt himself, and they continued their ride. As the tension between them subsided, they slipped back into their easygoing banter. 
“Race ya,” Matt yelled as he charged his horse ahead.
“Oh, no you don’t,” Selena yelled after him as she turned Rusty loose and let him run. Rusty caught the big bay horse within a few leaps and they raced side by side across the desert.
 Their faces were flushed with color and excitement as they returned to the set. Matt took her hand and kissed her again as he left her at her horse trailer, a light gentle kiss goodbye. Selena was prepared for more and she almost wished she hadn’t said anything earlier. He was just such a good kisser and she was attracted to him like nothing she’d ever known. She stood beside her horse trailer, watching him walk away and wishing he would come back. She was undeniably attracted to him and it surprised her. If anyone had asked her a few weeks ago if she would be going to dinner with Matthew Mason and kissing him like one of his starlets, she would have laughed at them.
She stopped for gas on the way home and picked up a newspaper for her father. He didn’t often get a chance to read the Santa Fe Times and she thought he would enjoy it. She was still thinking of Matt as she flipped through it casually before returning to the freeway and her heart almost stopped as she stared in open-mouthed astonishment at the picture on the front of the entertainment section. It was the picture of her with Matt in the restaurant. In the black and white picture, Matt was leaning toward her across the table, his hand over hers and a smile on his face. She was staring back at him with an innocent smile. The picture made it look like two lovers sharing an intimate dinner. Oh my God, I hope no one I know sees this. Selena was aghast as she quickly stuffed the paper behind the seat of the truck. No way was she going to let her father see that picture!
 





Chapter 6



Selena saw less of Matt after their horseback ride and the conversation they’d had under the cottonwood tree. Now she wished she hadn’t said anything. What if he’d been telling the truth? What if he wasn’t just a Hollywood player, looking for a good time? I bet he really thinks I’m some small town hick now, she thought. Maybe I blew any chance I had of ever kissing him again or going on another date. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! It felt almost painful now, watching him filming every day, but not being near him. She felt like a lovesick fan as she stared at him surreptitiously from her chair. She felt a stab of jealousy as he kissed his costar, Brittany, on the set. She was a beautiful brunette, and she seemed so at ease around Matt and the cameras. It only served to make Selena feel more ill at ease. Yeah…well, maybe he would have been kissing you too, if you hadn’t been such an idiot, she thought angrily as she watched, her homework and writing all but forgotten on the chair beside her.
Selena finished up her short bit of filming over the next few days and collected her check. Matt had still been keeping his distance and she missed hanging out with him. And kissing him. Yeah, I miss that, too. She shook her head ruefully. Well, he’ll be gone soon and I’ll probably never see him again anyway. 
Matt had been really busy filming. They were behind schedule and trying to catch up, keeping the actors going from early morning until after dark. He saw Selena in passing or at the catering table, where he was friendly, but distant. He could feel her eyes following him as the cameras rolled, but he was determined to respect her wishes and prove to her his intentions were respectable. And, after all, what were his intentions? She was right, he would be gone soon, back to his home in L.A. Maybe it was better this way; keep his distance until he was out of here. He certainly didn’t want to hurt some innocent teenage girl in New Mexico. Then why couldn’t he sleep at night? Why did he see her huge, mysterious eyes with their deep, dark secrets every time he tried to sleep? And when he did finally sleep, he dreamed of her slender form racing across the desert on Rusty, her long, thick hair flying behind her. In his dream, he was riding his horse at a gallop behind her, but no matter how fast he urged his horse along, he just couldn’t seem to catch up to her.

Selena was loading Rusty into the horse trailer for the last time and she jumped when she heard a voice behind her. 
“You didn’t think you were going to get away without saying goodbye, did you?”
Selena turned at the sound of his smooth, sexy voice, her heart skipping a beat. “I know you’ve been really busy,” she muttered, looking at her feet.
Matt took her chin in his hand and forced her to meet his eyes. “Screw their movie,” he said as he dropped his head and kissed her passionately.
She was caught off guard by the unexpected kiss. It left her breathless and Selena stepped back as she stared into his blue eyes. He stared back, losing himself in the dark, secretive depths of her eyes. She knew she shouldn’t feel this way. He was leaving soon and odds were, she would never see him again, except maybe on TV. But she couldn’t seem to help herself. She was inexorably drawn to him and his nearness alone was enough to make her feel jittery and nervous. There was an electric current between them, she could feel it now, even without touching him.
He pulled her close again and kissed her, longer and deeper this time. Selena felt her knees go weak with passion for him. He broke the kiss finally and backed away from her, holding her hand until the last second, his smoldering eyes holding onto hers.
“See ya,” he said finally, his voice gruff and his blue eyes sparkling as he turned and walked away. 
Selena stood as if in a trance, watching him go. What had he meant by that? He hadn’t said goodbye, he’d said ‘see ya,’ which implied what? He was going to fly back and forth from Hollywood to New Mexico to visit her? Not likely. She watched until he disappeared into the crowd of actors and crew, her heart sinking at the thought of him leaving. Why did everything have to be so complicated? Why couldn’t they just be together and see where this strange attraction led them?
Selena drove home slowly, a huge check in her hand, but her thoughts in a turmoil. She’d known this moment would come and she’d tried to steel herself against it, but now it was here and she missed Matt already. There had been something very special between them, a spark, a chemistry, she wasn’t sure what to call it, but she had certainly never felt it before. And of course, she had no way of knowing if he felt the same, but the way his blue eyes sparkled whenever he looked at her, Selena knew he was attracted to her. And obviously, she’d been wrong; he hadn’t just been looking for a desert fling before returning to L.A. She wished she’d never said anything to him about it. She’d probably hurt his feelings.





Chapter 7




Selena was working on her detective story a few days later when the phone rang. She ran to answer it, her mind still embroiled in the adventures of Trish. She’d given Matt her phone number and email, but she knew he was really busy with filming right now. Even still, she held her breath and hoped as she lifted the receiver.
“Hi, it’s Don Broward,” the voice on the phone said.
“Hi, Don. How are you?” Selena was surprised to hear from him again.
“Wonderful. We’re just finishing up filming in Santa Fe. We’ll be heading back to L.A. in a couple of days.”
Selena’s heart fell as she thought about Matt flying back to California, never to return. Even though she’d been expecting it, she still felt a little tug at her heart when she thought of never seeing him again.
“I got an email from a friend in L.A. yesterday,” Don continued. “Her name is Angelique. She’s looking for someone to do a magazine layout on horseback, wearing designer dresses. She said she’s looking for a young girl who can actually ride, not just someone to sit on a horse, and I immediately thought of you.”
Selena was quiet as she listened, her thoughts tumbling across each other.
“Would you mind if I send her a clip of the film and a couple of still shots?”
“Sure. I guess that’s okay.” Although why some lady in L.A. would have any interest in her, she couldn’t imagine. Whatever must Don be thinking? She was not an actress and she was most definitely not a model.
“Great Selena, consider it done. And I thank you for your participation in the movie. It should be coming out soon.”
“Thank you, Don, for the opportunity. It was quite an experience.” And one I don’t really wish to repeat. She had no interest in acting and she was grateful her part had been small. Getting her few lines right with so many people watching had been harder than she’d thought it would. It wasn’t the lines; that was easy enough. No, it was all those people and cameras. 
They hung up and Selena quickly forgot about Don and his crazy ideas as her mind reentered the land of Trish. She had finished the story while she sat around the movie set every day; now she just had to get it transferred onto her computer. She read through her scribbled notes, editing and making changes as she transferred it to her computer. 
She had also stopped on her way home from school and bought several of Matt’s previous movies. She watched each one at night, after her parents had gone to bed and the house was silent. She hadn’t even told Beth she was watching them. It was something she wanted to do alone and it gave her a nearness to Matt she wouldn’t have had otherwise. She could see why all the teenage girls in the country, and even the older women, had fell so in love with Matthew Mason. He was gorgeous on screen and his acting was so well-performed, she tended to forget the Matt she had known and fall in love with his on-screen character. His love scenes were so romantic and so intense, she felt a jealous pain as she watched him kissing starlets on the screen. No wonder Beth calls him a ‘hottie.’ She dropped her chin into her hands as she stared at Matt on her small TV screen, his sexy musical voice filling her room as if he were there with her. She had trouble sleeping each night after watching his movies. Visions of his sexy, romantic characters on-screen filled her thoughts as she tossed and turned and, when she could finally get to sleep, her dreams were filled with Matt, only it was she kissing him in front of the cameras, instead of those silly starlets. Yeah, like that would ever happen! She lay awake thinking about him every time she woke from her restless dreams.
She knew the crew had finished filming and returned to Hollywood. She had heard nothing from Matt before he left and nothing since. And, as she watched his movies, she didn’t really expect to hear from him. What would a superstar like him, who could have any girl he wanted, want with someone like her? She began to assume, much as she had before, that she had just been a ‘spring fling,’ someone to occupy himself with, until he had finished shooting the movie.




Chapter 8



Selena celebrated her eighteenth birthday with her parents and Beth. They took her out to dinner and the waitress brought a cupcake with a candle in it.
“Open mine first,” Beth said as she pulled a gift from underneath the table. Selena ripped open the package. Beth had bought her a journal with her name engraved on the front. “It’s for recording your adventures, the next chapter of your life after we graduate,” Beth told her. Selena hugged her friend. “It’s perfect, Beth. Thank you.” 
“Now mine,” her mother said as she produced a large box.  Her mother had bought her a new pair of cowboy boots. Selena was near tears as she hugged her mom. “Thank you, mom. You know how much I’ve wanted these.” She hugged her father too. “Thank you, dad.” 
Her dad looked embarrassed and said, “They’re from your mother. I have your gift at home.”
The staff at the restaurant, many of whom were Selena’s classmates, brought out a cupcake with a lit candle stuck lopsided in the icing. They sang Happy Birthday as Selena’s family and even other restaurant patrons joined in. Selena was sure it was the single most embarrassing moment of her life. Why couldn’t they just give her the gifts at home, over a nice quiet dinner? She thanked everyone, hoping the dim light of the restaurant hid the deep red flush on her face, and blew out her candle.
When they returned home, her dad disappeared and she heard his old truck start up in the driveway. The embarrassment she’d suffered at the restaurant had caused her to forget about her dad telling her he had another gift for her. Hmm, I wonder where he’s off to, she thought as she heard the old truck rattle down the drive, this is not his night to play cards with his cronies, I don’t think.
Selena was listening to music with Beth when he returned a few minutes later.
“Okay, Selena. Your birthday gift is outside,” her father said when he entered the house. 
Selena stared at him, a surprised look on her face, until she remembered what he’d said at the restaurant. Although she had enjoyed her birthday dinner with the three people she loved most in the world, she had been incredibly relieved when the evening ended and she could relax. “What could you possibly get me that has to be outside? It’s not another horse, is it? Selena looked at Beth and saw excitement almost bubbling over on her face. She followed her dad outside and stopped in amazement. There was a bright, shiny red car parked in the drive.
“Are you kidding me?” Her dad was smiling happily when she looked at him. She ran and threw herself into his arms and hugged him tight. “You’re the best dad ever.”
“Enjoy it, Selena. Just promise me you’ll be safe, okay?”
“I will, dad. I promise.”
Selena and Beth jumped in the car, playing with all the knobs and gadgets. The car was several years old, but in really good condition. It must have cost a fortune, Selena thought as she walked around the car, running her hand down the fender. She knew her dad couldn’t afford this. Had he been saving up for it? Or did he owe money on it? I’ll get a summer job, she thought as she stared at it. No way I’m going to let him take on another bill. She knew her parent’s barely made enough to cover expenses now. Her dad made a decent living as a mechanic, but she knew her mother’s receptionist job didn’t pay very well. She had the check in the bank from the movie, but she knew her mother wouldn’t let her touch it. “It’s a good start for college,” her mom had told her.
“Let’s take it for a drive,” Beth said, interrupting her thoughts as she climbed into the passenger side. Selena shrugged off her worries as Beth’s excitement washed over her. Beth found a rock station on the radio and turned it up to an ear-shattering decibel. Selena felt the steering wheel vibrate to the beat as she drove. Good thing we’re out in the country, she thought. Wouldn’t want to get pulled over for disturbing the peace.
“You’re sooo lucky, Selena,” Beth yelled over the music. “My parents only got me a new saddle when I turned eighteen.”
“I know, I was there, remember? But you know they did all they could afford to, right? I’m not sure how my dad could even afford this car.” Selena turned the radio down as she spoke.
“I know. Well, you can at least give me a ride to school tomorrow, right?”
“Of course.” Selena cranked the knob on the radio and blasted the music again as she flew down the dark, shadowy back roads. Beth’s excitement was catching, and Selena sang along with the song as she drove. She felt free as they flew along, the car gave her a sense of freedom that she’d never known. Just think, no more asking for permission to use the pickup, she thought.  Matt crossed her mind as she drove, his name wandering across her mind even as she sang along with the radio. She stopped singing as she imagined him here with them, his blue eyes shining with mischief as he sang along with the song too. Selena glanced in the rearview mirror and saw Matt’s face, just as she had imagined it. He was smiling happily from the back seat, blue eyes shining as he sang. 
“Watch out,” Beth screamed over the music. 
Selena slammed the brakes and slowed the car. She’d been so busy watching the mirror, she hadn’t seen the hairpin curve on the dark road. She yanked the small car around the curve, still much too fast. 
“Holy cow, Selena,” Beth said as she turned the stereo down. “You okay?”
“Yeah, sorry.” She glanced in the mirror again, but Matt’s beautiful face had disappeared.





Chapter 9




 She was working on her story again a few days later, typing away on her old computer, when her cell phone rang. Her heart leaped as she thought of Matt. She could see his twinkling blue eyes as she thought of him, with the mischievous light shining out of them. She squeezed her eyes shut and held her breath as she picked up the phone.
“I’m calling for Angelique Deveroux,” a lady’s voice on the phone said. “Is this Selena Summers?”
“Yes,” Selena answered, confusion heavy in her voice. She had been so sure it was Matt this time; now her brain had to switch gears as she heard a female voice.
“Angelique is interested in interviewing you for a magazine layout. Would you be able to fly out to L.A. next week?”
“Um…I guess so.” Selena was at a loss for words. Then she remembered Don’s phone call. This must be the lady he’d sent her picture to. Selena hadn’t took it very seriously and in fact, she had forgotten all about it. 
“Good, I’ll book the flight and send you the details.” The lady took down Selena’s email address.
Selena hung up, dumbfounded. How was she going to explain this to her parents? She had completely forgot about Don’s call and had never mentioned it to her parents. There were only a few days left of school before graduation. Would her parents let her miss those last few days? Would she be back in time to graduate with her class? She hadn’t even found out how much the job pays or how long it would last. Not to mention the fact, she’d been spending all her free time working on her novel. She was much more interested in selling her book to a publisher than being in Don’s movie or modeling women’s clothes. She felt sure the only reason they were interested in someone like her, was because the stick-thin models probably couldn’t sit on a horse without falling off.
“I can’t believe it, my baby’s going to be in a magazine?” Selena’s mom screeched when she told her about the phone call.
“It’s just an interview, mom. I don’t know yet if I’ll be in anything.”
“I’m not too crazy about a teenage girl going alone to L.A.,” her dad chimed in.
“I’ll be okay, dad. A driver is meeting me at the airport and taking me straight to Angelique’s office. I’ll never be alone while I’m there.”
“Mmm…and what about school?”
“I’ll ask my teachers tomorrow if I can miss a few days. Graduation is next Friday, I should be back by then. It’s only a few classes I would miss. Anyway, it’s an interview. If she’s not happy with me, I’ll be back the following day.”
“I don’t think you should miss the last few days of school,” her mother said.
“She’ll be fine, Rosa,” her dad answered for her. “Her grades are good enough, I’m sure she’ll be able to miss a few days.” He kissed the top of her mother’s head as he said it, then turned to Selena.
“Go. Spread your wings and fly, duckling.”
Selena laughed and hugged him. “Thanks dad. You guys are the best.”
	
But, did she really want to go? Maybe it would have been easier if her parents had forbidden it. Of all the things she’d wanted to be when she grew up, a model was definitely not on the list. Later that night, she stood in front of the full-length mirror hanging from the door of her small closet. She turned this way and that, striking a pose like the girls she’d seen in magazines. This is just stupid, she thought as she finally gave it up, flouncing down in front of her old computer. They’re going to take one look at me, and wish they had saved the air fare. She went back to one of her manuscripts, a Trish Black adventure she’d never finished. As she read through it, she began making changes and adding to the story, watching as Trish grew into the smart, sassy girl from her other stories. Now this girl, Selena thought as she typed, she could handle anything. She could solve a murder mystery while pretending to be a model. Hmm, Selena paused as she thought about it. Might make a good story. Trish was everything Selena wanted to be. She was cool, confident and comfortable around all sorts of people. She always had a snappy comeback to every question and she didn’t take any guff from anyone. I bet she would have taken Matthew Mason and wrapped him around her little finger. Selena smiled in the dark as she considered it. Trish would have been so aloof, Matt would have been chasing her down and begging for a chance to spend time with her. Angelique and the modeling business were all but forgotten as Selena lost herself in the world of Trish. 






Chapter 10




Selena’s dad drove her to the airport on Monday. She’d had no trouble clearing it with her teachers; her grades were among the top of her classes and she had already accrued enough credits to graduate. These last few days were filled with parties and yearbook signings, as high school, for her at least, drew to a close.
	Her father parked the red car and followed her inside the airport to check in. He stayed by her side all the way to the security checkpoint, where he gave her one last hug. “Be safe, Selena. I love you.”
“I love you too, dad.”
“Hey,” he said as she began walking away. 
She looked back and her father winked at her. “Break a leg,” he said.
“I hope not.” She smiled and waved as she entered the line at the security checkpoint. I probably will, she thought. I’ll probably fall all over myself and break both my legs. I’ll be laughed out of modeling. No, I’ll be laughed out of Hollywood; out of California, even. We don’t want no half-breed hick girls here, she could just hear the Hollywood people chanting at her as she moved through the line.
Selena made her way through security and found the correct gate, her stomach feeling queasy. She had never been on a plane before and she was feeling a little nervous. She was looking forward to visiting a new city. From what she’d seen on TV, Los Angeles might be like visiting another world. She imagined it as a different planet, as she took a seat at the gate. A different world from another galaxy, filled with strange beings whose language was all beeps and blips. Her stomach knotted even more as she followed other passengers down the boarding ramp.
She took a window seat on the plane and watched as Albuquerque and the Sandia mountains grew smaller and smaller, until the cars and houses looked like miniatures. As the plane climbed higher, it passed through the fluffy white cumulus clouds. Wow, Selena thought as she watched the fluffy clouds move by her window. Now, it’s not just my head in the clouds, but my whole body too. She pressed her face into the glass, until she couldn’t see the plane around her. Just her and the clouds, drifting through them as if she were floating. She put a hand on each side of her face, up against the window to block out the plane and passengers even more. Just her and the clouds. Drifting above them, now floating through one, watching as it broke up around her—
“What do you see?”
The voice broke her reverie, bringing her crashing back into her seat. She heard the loud hum of the plane again and the voices of the other passengers, muffled from the noise of the jet engines.
“There’s someone out there,” Selena said loudly, turning to look at the older gentleman in a business suit. “Out there, on the wing.” She pointed out the window and smiled as the man leaned forward to look. She remembered something like that from an old episode of the Twilight Zone, where a man was seeing someone standing on the wing of the plane. Other passengers had heard her and were leaning out the windows too. “Where? I don’t see anything.” She heard their voices behind her and ahead of her. She smiled as she leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes. Now, that’s something like Trish would have done, she thought with amusement.
She had finished up her latest book in the series before her trip and sent it off to several publishers. She had been writing stories for years, but this was the first time she’d been proud enough of one of them to actually give publishing a try. She thought about her daring escapade as she relaxed in her seat. How neat would it be to have her book become a bestseller? She imagined herself giving an interview on one of the major news channels. She pictured herself sitting on a stool facing the handsome anchor of her favorite morning show in New York City. In her fantasy, she was suave and cool and even funny as she described her book to him. Her fantasies filled her mind throughout the flight. She saw her book becoming a great detective series. She would be able to spend her life doing the two things she loved most…barrel racing and writing. Her stomach knotted with excitement as she fantasized about her adoring fans, all waving her book at her and begging for her signature. Selena, Selena, the crowd chanted her name. She drifted off, the drone of the plane and the chants of the crowd in her mind lulling her into complete relaxation.
 




Chapter 11




Selena wandered through LAX, lost and alone. The airport was enormous and she had no idea which way to go. She certainly didn’t feel like the sophisticated, cool girl from her fantasy. She felt more like a small town girl, lost in an enormous airport. What am I doing here? I must look like a fish out of water. She felt underdressed in her jeans and boots as she watched the crowd surge around her, dressed in a variety of expensive clothes and jewelry. She even saw a teenage boy with bright green, spiked hair and a movie star from several ‘chick flicks,’ as her dad called them. The star had two hefty bodyguards walking one on each side of her. She had huge, dark sunglasses and a bright yellow pantsuit. The boy with the green hair followed along behind the bodyguards, earphones in his ear, his head bobbing to music only he could hear. Yeah, nice disguise, Selena smiled to herself, remembering her fantasy of another world. Yep, L.A. is not just a different time zone, she thought, it’s a different galaxy.
Finally, she gave up trying to find her way and followed everyone else from her flight as they made their way toward baggage claim. She was moved along with the surge of people, almost against her will. It’s either go with the flow, she thought, or be trampled. She hadn’t checked a bag herself. Instead she carried a gym bag and her backpack that she used for school. Her father had offered to buy her a suitcase, but she had refused. “This will do fine dad,” she’d told him. Now, she was beginning to regret her decision, as she watched perfectly manicured ladies and gentlemen in business attire, rolling neat black suitcases through the airport behind them. She felt almost grungy in her jeans and cowboys boots, carrying a gym bag. Yep, a fish out of water, she thought with a shake of her head.
	When she neared the baggage carousels, Selena saw a group of men, dressed smartly in dark suits, holding up white signs with names on them. She breathed a sigh of relief when she saw a man dressed all in black, with a small black hat on his head, holding a sign that read, ‘Selena Summers.’ 
“I’m Selena,” she told him.
He was a chubby, round little man with a ruddy face. When he smiled at her, Selena felt her body begin to relax. She had been worried that she would wander this enormous airport for hours; now, she could feel tension easing from her shoulders as she realized she’d overcome one hurdle.
“Hi Selena, I’m Jeffrie,” the small man said. “I’ll be taking you to Angelique’s office, and anywhere else you need to go while you’re here. Can I get your suitcase for you?” Jeffrie pointed toward the baggage carousels.
“Um, no…this is all I have.” She could feel her face turning red as he looked at her gym bag.
“Oh, sure. Let me get that for you.” Jeffrie took her gym bag and put the strap over his shoulder as she followed him outside. 
The bright southern California sun hit her full in the face as she stepped through the doors. She looked up at the tall palm trees, their fronds moving softly in the breeze. The sun warmed her face as the ocean breeze lifted her thick hair off her shoulder. Selena’s heart lifted as she began to look forward to a new adventure. She only wished the adventure was of her own choosing, instead of sitting on a horse while someone took her picture. She had always been a little camera shy and—her fantasies aside—she really didn’t enjoy being the center of attention. Don’t get ahead of yourself, little girl, she could hear her dad’s voice in her head. Who says they’re even going to want you for a model? I guess it’s a free trip to L.A., either way, she sighed. She decided to just relax and enjoy herself. Who cares if they want me or not? she told herself.















Chapter 12



Selena sat in a waiting room outside Angelique’s office in West Hollywood. The building was several floors and Angelique’s office was on the third floor. Jeffrie had pulled into a parking garage underneath the building, then led Selena to a group of elevators, instructing her where to find Angelique’s office. “I’ll be right out here waiting for you when you’re finished, Miss Selena,” he said with a smile.
“Thank you, Jeffrie.” Selena couldn’t help but like Jeffrie, with his reddish complexion and round face, he reminded her of Santa Claus. And he’d put her at ease on the drive, chatting about each area he drove through. Of course, she didn’t remember the names of any area he’d pointed out—the movie studios, the fancy shops—it had been interesting, but she was left with the idea of a huge city. She had seen from the plane that the city seemed to stretch on and on forever. She had seen a bit of ocean and coastline, then what seemed like city all the way to the eastern horizon. It made her feel tiny and alone. She already missed her wide-open desert and green valley, filled with a peace and quietness that, she felt sure she wouldn’t have again until she left L.A. This city was a hustling, bustling metropolis, filled with more traffic than she’d ever seen in her life. Tourists wandered the sidewalks of Hollywood, walking across the street in front of Jeffrie absentmindedly as he braked to avoid hitting them with the limo. 
Now, her nervousness was returning as she sat in Angelique’s lobby, a secretary giving her furtive glances occasionally. She felt so out of place in her jeans and new cowboy boots, in a rich office building in this huge city. Whatever had she been thinking to come here? She should be at home right now, typing away on her old computer, or riding horses with Beth. It felt almost surreal, as if she had been transported to a different galaxy.
Just then, Angelique’s door opened and a tall, slim and very attractive platinum blond ushered Selena inside. “I’m Angelique Deveroux.” She took Selena’s hand in a firm grasp.
“Selena Summers.”
“Such a pretty name. Is it your own or a stage name?”
“It’s mine,” Selena said.
“Well, let me look at you.” Angelique took her hand and led her into the light from the huge glass windows. Turning, she faced Selena and looked her up and down. 
“Hmm…nice long legs, perky breasts, beautiful hair.” She touched Selena’s thick, long auburn hair as she said it. “Not too skinny.” She put her hands around Selena’s waist, running them over her hips. “Firm,” she said. “You’re in good shape.”
“Yes ma’am, from riding horses my whole life.”
“Hmm, yes, I think you’ll do. You have a fresh-faced, all American girl look. And your big, dark eyes and all that thick hair should photograph well.” Angelique crossed her arms as she studied Selena. “Your eyes have a mysterious quality about them, as if you’re hiding secrets. We’ll have to capture that look on camera.”
Selena didn’t really know what she was talking about. She wasn’t hiding anything. Except maybe the fact that she didn’t really want to be here. She felt like a horse at an auction, with a prospective buyer checking her over for soundness, as Angelique studied her and ran her hands down her body. She felt slightly humiliated, but she stood tall and proud in front of the lady, determined not to let her small-town naivety show.
“We can do the shoot tomorrow,” Angelique said. It shouldn’t take more than six or eight hours. Unless there are any reshoots, in which case you’ll need to come back on Wednesday. Do you have any questions for me?”
“How much does it pay?”
Angelique laughed heartily, a deep sultry laugh, causing Selena to blush with embarrassment. “My secretary should have told you that on the phone, dear. It pays four hundred per hour.”
Selena’s mouth fell open as she stared at Angelique. This couldn’t possibly be for real. If the shoot took all day, she would make over three thousand dollars! Her father didn’t earn that much in a month as a mechanic. Hollywood seemed to throw money around like meaningless scraps of paper. Between her bit part in the movie, and now this modeling gig, she felt rich. Just wish my mom would let me spend some of it, she thought.
Angelique ushered her out and she found her way back to Jeffrie and the car. It wasn’t a limo exactly, but a shiny black stretched-out Cadillac Escalade with a beautiful, soft leather interior. Selena thought it may have been nicer than the limo she had rode in with Matt. Matt! Her mind was suddenly filled with him again as she studied the tourists from her tinted window. What if he were here in Hollywood? What if she saw him on the street? Although obviously he was not interested in her anyway. She still hadn’t heard a word from him.
Jeffrie drove her to a hotel, pulling the car into a small, covered garage beside it, where several other black cars were parked in a line, their drivers either sitting in their cars or leaning against the hood. The men smiled at her and nodded their heads as Jeffrie took her bag and she followed him toward the hotel entrance. 
Selena thought the front of the building looked like a huge stone castle from Europe. Like one she’d seen in a picture in her history book. She stared up in awe as she walked. It was five floors of stone and she had to tilt her head back to take in the beautiful castle façade. She followed Jeffrie past a huge stone fountain in the middle of the drive, the water making a musical sound as she went past. A black limo had pulled under the portico in front of the hotel and, as they neared the door, the driver leaped out and held the door for an elegant lady. Selena recognized the actress from movies, but the lady’s name escaped her. Beth would know, Selena thought with a small smile. Beth knew all the actors and actresses and she always knew the current movies and who starred in them.
“Rodeo drive is only two blocks over if you wish to do any shopping, Miss Selena,” Jeffrie was saying as they entered through the tall glass doors. He handed her a business card. “This has the number to the car phone and my cell phone. You can reach me anytime, day or night,” he said kindly.
“Thank you, Jeffrie.”
He left her at the front desk as the concierge took her information. “Ah yes, Miss Summers, we have a suite all prepared for you.” He snapped his fingers and a bellboy hurried over to the desk.
“Ronnie, please show Miss Summers to her room.”
“Can I get that for you?” Ronnie asked politely. 
Selena handed over her gym bag and followed the young man to the elevator. Once again, she had to wonder what she was doing here. This rich hotel filled with actors and businessmen was a far cry from her small town and rodeos. She felt so out of place in her jeans and boots. Even the workers are dressed better than me, she thought with embarrassment. 
She followed the bellhop to her suite and sucked in her breath as they entered. The windows were floor to ceiling and looked out over Beverly Hills. She could see huge mansions belonging to the rich and famous across the hills. The suite had a small living room with a fully stocked bar and refrigerator and a huge flat-screen television. The bedroom had a king-size bed with massive ornate wooden posts. The bedroom was light and airy with more floor to ceiling windows. Ronnie showed her how to close the blinds with a remote control. Selena pushed the button and watched as huge blinds began moving from each side, blocking out the brilliant California sun.
Next she looked in the bathroom and it took her breath away. She was looking at an enormous glass and marble shower that could easily fit three people. A huge bathtub was separated by a short partition and centered in front of more huge windows. It was surrounded by more white marble with brand new candles placed around the marble edge. Selena was amazed at how pampered she felt. I’m being treated like one of these movie stars, she thought, as she stared around in amazement.
She gave the bellhop a tip; she had no idea how much these movie stars tipped. She gave Ronnie a five dollar bill, hoping she wasn’t making a fool of herself.
“Thank you, Miss Selena,” he said, tucking the money away quickly.
She couldn’t decide what to do first after she heard the door close behind Ronnie. She went from room to room again, investigating each piece of rich, handsome furniture. She played with the remote control, watching the blinds open and close at the touch of a button. She pushed a button by accident and her heart almost stopped as she heard a whirring noise and a big-screen, flat-panel TV slowly lowered from its hidden niche in the ceiling. Selena cautiously pushed more buttons until she figured out how to work the TV. She settled back onto the luxurious pillows, on a bed the size of her parent’s living room, as she flipped through channel after channel, watching commercials for Rolls Royce and Porsche and other cars she’d never even heard of.




Chapter 13




Jeffrie picked her up at exactly eight a.m. the following morning and drove her to Malibu for the photo shoot. “They rented a house for the next two days on the beach,” Jeffrie explained as he drove. “It’s a private beach, so you won’t be disturbed by tourists.”
“I see.” Selena watched through the tinted windows as Jeffrie drove toward Malibu. She had a beautiful view of the ocean as he traveled the Pacific Coast Highway. She had never seen an ocean before and it took her breath away. She leaned her head against the glass as she watched the waves rolling in, each one looming larger than the previous. The greenish hue of the surf was in stark contrast to the deep blue of the ocean and the white caps of the waves added a mesmerizing touch. She couldn’t tear her eyes away as she stared at each wave rolling in and crashing onto the shore. 
Jeffrie pulled into the drive of a large brown house with several cars already parked in front. Selena felt her stomach tighten again as she realized she would be back in front of a camera with people staring at her. At least I’ll be on a horse, she kept reminding herself. She had never been fond of being the center of attention, unless she was running the barrels on Rusty. At every rodeo, she immediately forgot the crowds as soon as she aimed Rusty toward the first barrel. She hoped this would be the same and she could concentrate on the horse and forget the people. It wasn’t that she was shy, exactly. She just wasn’t used to being the center of attention. She had always been more of a blend into the crowd kind of girl.
She followed Jeffrie alongside the house and out onto the beach. She stopped behind the house and stared, and Jeffrie stopped too, waiting for her patiently. There was a large black rock near the shore and she watched as each wave hit it, sending plumes of spray into the air. It looked wild and beautiful as Selena gazed past the small crowd milling around, to the waves crashing in and then, off to the horizon, where the ocean seemed to fall right off the edge of the world. Then her gaze traveled along the beach, where houses bunched closely together around a gentle curve of land, each with its own ocean view. Then another movement on the beach caught her eye. Dancing in front of the waves was a solid white Arabian mare with a charcoal grey nose and muzzle. She had big dark eyes with a small delicate head and small, dainty feet that never stopped dancing as each wave crashed onshore near her. She acted like a cat, or at least Selena thought so, as each wave came near, she danced away as if afraid to get her feet wet. Her tail was solid white and shone in the California sun from constant brushings and her matching mane was so long, it hung off her neck and down across her shoulder. Her shiny mane glistened in the sun as she tossed her small head, lifting the long white strands into the breeze. A tall, handsome man with a thick mustache was holding the reins of her shiny black bridle and he moved constantly too, as the mare danced closer and closer to his feet. Selena thought she had to be the most beautiful horse she’d ever seen in her life. So small and dainty, yet filled with a fire that Selena could see and feel, even from this distance. No wonder they needed someone who can ride, she thought with a smile.
“Come on Selena,” Jeffrie called over the sound of the waves. “Everyone is waiting for you.”
Selena followed Jeffrie down to the small crowd and Angelique made introductions. She introduced the two cameramen as Mike and Dave. “And that’s Jake over there with the horse.”  Next, she pointed to a petite blond girl with bright red lips. “And this is Betsy. She’ll be doing your hair and makeup.”
Betsy took Selena’s hand warmly. “Come on up to the house. With your beautiful skin and hair, this shouldn’t take long.”
Angelique gave Selena a business card with several phone numbers on it. “Anything you need, you let me know,” she said. Selena nodded and watched as Angelique made her way up the hill to her car, her high heels sinking into the sand. 
“Come on,” Betsy said and Selena went, following Betsy back to the house where they entered by a rear door. Betsy had a stool already set up for her, with makeup and brushes spread out on a counter. She closed her eyes as Betsy worked on her face and hair. From the time her plane had landed in Los Angeles, Selena felt like she’d entered a parallel universe. All of this was just so far removed from her quiet life. It was exciting and strange, yes, but she felt uncomfortable more than anything, as if she really didn’t belong here. Betsy chattered aimlessly as she worked on Selena’s makeup. She talked about her children and family, never saying anything that required an answer. 
After an hour, she claimed she was finished and Selena stood up and looked in the mirror. She could not believe the person in the mirror was really her. Betsy had transformed her. She was no longer the small town rodeo girl. She looked like one of the models in magazines or one of the movie stars on TV. Her eyes looked huge and dark and mysterious with long dark lashes. She could see now what Angelique had been talking about. Her eyes did look mysterious, as if she were hiding her secrets from the world. Well, maybe I am. If they only knew how much I don’t want to be here right now.
Betsy had only teased her hair, giving it more body, but keeping the wild, untamed look. It set off her dark eyes and made her look even more mysterious. Betsy had really worked wonders with her hair and makeup. Selena barely recognized the person staring back at her in the mirror.
 “You really are a beautiful girl,” Betsy said as she looked in the mirror over Selena’s shoulder. “And your eyes are one of your best features. You should always accent them.”  
“Thank you, Betsy. I never thought anyone could make me look this good.”
“It’s my pleasure Selena. It makes my job a lot easier when I have something to work with. Some of these frumpy actresses…,” she sighed heavily, then both girls giggled.
Betsy carefully removed an evening gown from a garment bag and Selena went into the bathroom to change, sliding it over her head carefully so as not to mess up her makeup or hair. It was a floor-length gown by a well-known designer. It was white lace with short see-through sleeves. It fit Selena to perfection and set off her dark hair and dark eyes perfectly. The back was see-through lace all the way down her back—too far down—she thought. It had small white mother of pearl buttons down the back that Betsy helped her with. Selena stood in front of a full-length mirror when Betsy finished with the buttons. “It almost looks like a wedding gown,” she whispered as she stared at the wraith-like beauty in the mirror.
“Yeah, but without the long train. It really does look beautiful on you Selena. Me, I couldn’t fit even one of these hips in there.”
They returned to the beach, Selena holding the hem of her gown up out of the sand, where she was introduced to the horse. “Her name is Catalina and I’m Jake,” the tall man holding the reins told her as he took her hand politely. “They tell me you can ride? Cause Catalina here is quite a handful.”
 The mare still danced daintily as she eyed Selena and snorted. She had no saddle, nothing but the shiny black bridle against her snow-white coat. Selena nodded in answer to Jake’s question as she held the back of her hand near the mare’s nose. The horse blew softly as she sniffed the hand. She stopped dancing as Selena ran her hand along the smooth, arched neck and then, holding the hem of her gown in one hand, she grabbed the mare’s mane and swung deftly onto her bare back. She let go of the hem and the dress floated out across the horse as Catalina reared, yanking the reins from Jake’s hands. As Catalina’s front feet hit the ground again, Selena leaned forward and the horse was away at a gallop down the beach. Two different cameras had been set up on tripods and the men began snapping pictures as Selena and the horse became one, the long white mane mingling with her long auburn hair. She turned the horse down the beach and came back past the cameras at a slower gallop, the white dress billowing around her. She could hear the click of the cameras as she passed, but she let Catalina continue her run down the beach. She wanted to take the edge off this fiery little horse’s energy and get to know her a bit to be able to handle her in front of the cameras. As she tried to slow Catalina for another turn down the beach, the horse suddenly grabbed the bit between her teeth and stretched out in a dead run down the beach, away from the cameras. Selena sawed at the reins with no luck for a minute, then finally pulled on the left rein, turning the horse into the ocean. As the horse hit the waves, Selena slowed her out of control run. She brought her down to a trot but kept her in the surf as the horse tried to turn back toward the beach. She slowed her to a walk in the edge of the surf as she reached the cameras, but one of the men waved her on. “Keep going, this is great stuff,” he called out to her. Selena urged Catalina back into a trot and spun her around to trot back in front of the cameras. For a few minutes, she had been able to forget the cameras and people as she became one with the horse. When the cameraman called out to her, it had broken the spell and reminded her of why she was here. Should of just let her keep going down the beach, she sighed and brushed sand off her face, as Catalina danced in front of the cameras. 
“Whew, that girl sure can ride,” Jake said, wiping his brow. “I thought we were going to have to chase them all the way to San Francisco.” He knew the horse and he’d seen her take the bit and run. He was very impressed with Selena’s smooth handling of the situation. 





Chapter 14




Matthew Mason had stopped by an actor friend’s house for brunch. Several other young, well-known actors had shown up and it had gotten noisy inside. Matt walked out onto the balcony overlooking the ocean for a bit of fresh air and to enjoy the peace and beauty of the beach. He thought about Selena as he stood there quietly. He’d had no contact with her since New Mexico. He knew a relationship would be difficult given their different worlds and the distance between them. He’d done his best to forget her, but so far he’d had no luck. She crept back into his mind constantly and he was picturing her standing beside him right now, her big, beautiful violet eyes—her long hair blowing in the ocean breeze as she stared across the Pacific. He was thinking how much she would probably enjoy this view, when he was startled by a movement down on the beach. A white horse was racing up the beach toward him at breakneck speed with a young girl in a flowing white dress on its back. His mouth dropped open as the girl turned the horse down on the beach in front of him, right into the ocean, and then slowed it to a trot as she rode back the way she’d come. It had looked like Selena on that horse! Was he missing her so much he was seeing her everywhere? But no, even though it was some distance, he remembered the way she’d sat her horse, as if she were glued to it, as if she and the horse were one. This girl had Selena’s long thick hair and had handled that horse like a rodeo queen. Matt started down the stairs and trotted south along the beach, wondering if he could ever catch up to the girl on the white horse. “I must be crazy,” he chuckled to himself as he trotted down the beach in the direction they’d gone.

Selena sat on the horse in front of the cameras, still in the edge of the waves. She heard both cameras click, click, click until finally one of the men called out, “Okay, we got it Selena.”
She rode Catalina onto the beach and was about to dismount when she saw a tall man walking briskly down the beach toward her little group. 
“It never fails,” one of the cameramen said huffily. “Always some tourist, hoping to get a peek at a model or movie star.” 
But Selena didn’t think so. She knew that purposeful stride and the tall, proud way Matt carried himself. She sat her horse and watched in disbelief as he approached. 
“I’m sorry sir, this beach is closed.” Betsy had stepped in front of him and put her hand up. Selena watched her hand drop as she recognized Matthew Mason. He had never taken his eyes from Selena as he reached Betsy and she saw the smile creep across his face and reach his blue eyes, setting off the mischievous twinkle. He strode on past Betsy, and Selena dropped to the ground, her damp evening gown clinging to her slender form as he looked her up and down. 
“Hi,” he said, his grin growing ever wider.
“Um, what are you doing here?”
“Well,” he drawled. “I was at a friend’s house and I saw a white horse with a dark-haired beauty racing down the beach. I had to pinch my arm; I thought I must be dreaming. What are you doing here?”
Selena laughed nervously. “I’m working.” She nodded her head toward the cameras, then looked back at Matt’s steady gaze. His blue eyes gleamed with mischief. 
Why is he looking at me like that? As if he’s never seen me before. Her stomach knotted again under his intense stare and she felt a little tug at her heart as she stared back.
“Come on Selena, we have to get you changed,” Betsy called out.
Selena handed the reins to the handler, Jake, and then turned back to Matt. 
“He can come too if you want,” Betsy yelled over the pounding surf.
Selena’s face reddened as she realized all eyes were on her.
“Do you mind?” Matt asked gently, still staring down at her with that intense way he had.
“No, of course not,” she answered shyly.
Matt took her arm as they started up the hill toward the house. “How do you walk through this sand in those shoes?” 
“What shoes?” Selena was confused.
“Are you wearing heels or what with that evening gown?”
“Oh.” Selena felt her face redden again as she lifted the hem of her gown. Matt saw that her feet and legs were bare underneath.
He laughed, his beautiful, musical laugh ringing out across the beach and instantly putting Selena at ease. “I should have known,” he said as he put his arm across her shoulders. Selena almost felt like one of these rich movie stars as she reveled in the feel of his strong arm around her. She leaned into his side as she trudged through the sand. She was wet with salt water and uncomfortable in the dress, yet she was wishing this moment would never end.
Matt sat on a stool and watched as Betsy freshened Selena’s makeup and combed her hair. 
“So, why are you here?” Matt asked.
Selena explained how she’d come about the modeling gig through Don Broward. She tried turning her head to look at him as she talked, but Betsy quickly turned it back as she brushed Selena’s hair. 
Matt couldn’t believe his good fortune at finding her here. “Seriously, it looked like something from a fantasy movie,” he told Selena jovially. “You all in white on that white horse with your dark hair flying. I thought I was dreaming or something.” Matt closed his eyes for a second as he pictured the sight. She had looked to him like one of the Greek Goddesses, come down from Heaven to race across the ocean on her mystical horse. He was pretty sure the sight would keep him awake nights, picturing it in his mind.
“Yeah, her handler was right. She is quite a handful,” Selena giggled.
“Is that why you ran her into the ocean?”
“Yeah, I had to do something to slow her down.”
“How long you going to be here?” Matt asked.
“I fly out Thursday morning.”
“Really, so soon?”
“Yeah. If we don’t finish up here today, then I have to come back tomorrow. Besides, I’ve gotta be back home Friday for graduation.” 
“Oh yeah, I forgot. Can I take you to dinner when you’re finished?” Matt leaned closer, staring deep into Selena’s eyes as he asked the question. 
Selena felt the strange tingle in her stomach again as Matt stared at her with such intensity. “Yeah. Sounds great,” she said, her face reddening as Betsy combed her hair. Did we have to discuss dinner in front of Betsy? How embarrassing. She was not used to being asked out in front of a makeup artist—or at all for that matter. She wasn’t exactly Miss Popularity at her school.
Selena changed into a different evening gown, a shiny black number with spaghetti straps and a long, flowing hem.
Matt’s mouth dropped open when she emerged from the bathroom. She looked even more exotic in the black dress—it hugged her curves perfectly and made her hair and eyes appear even darker. “You look beautiful,” he whispered in her ear as he held out his arm and escorted her across the balcony and down the steps, as if he were taking her to the prom. She was a little embarrassed by his gentlemanly moves, but she had to say, she really liked the royal treatment when it came from him.
Matt hung around the rest of the afternoon as Selena sat on Catalina in the surf while the cameras snapped picture after picture. They had her lope the horse along the beach and trot her through the waves. How many pictures can they possibly need? She thought as they had her turn the horse this way and then a different way. Catalina became bored and fidgety too and Selena wished for another run down the beach. Anything to break the monotony. Can’t we just get this over with? She sighed heavily as the day wore on. Betsy had her change into two more evening gowns, a pale yellow, off the shoulder number with a long, flowing hem, and last of the day, a pale blue gown with a heavy hem. It reminded her of the dress Cinderella wore to meet her prince. The hem was too big, with too much lace and Jake had to give Selena a hand mounting the horse. The dress flounced out around her on Catalina’s back and she felt like a complete idiot. She breathed a sigh of relief when the photo shoot was finally over and she was back in her jeans and boots. She didn’t take off the makeup since she was going to dinner with Matt. She didn’t know when she’d have the chance to look this good again. 
Matt followed her outside where Jeffrie was patiently waiting. He shook Jeffrie’s hand pleasantly and told him the address of his favorite restaurant.
 “Do I need something better to wear to dinner?” Selena knew she was underdressed for Hollywood, although Matt was wearing jeans too. But, she thought, Matt would look good if he was wearing mechanic’s coveralls and smeared with grease.
“Don’t worry about it, you look great,” he answered with the mischievous light back in his eyes.
Jeffrie drove north through Malibu and turned into the lot of a small café set into the hillside. It had a covered balcony in front overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
The waitress recognized Matt and sat them at the front of the balcony, with a magnificent view of the ocean. Selena could feel the stress of the day beginning to ease from her shoulders and stomach as she looked at the amazing view and the beautiful man across from her. Matt took her hand and held it on the table, his thumb circling gently on her palm as he stared at her. Selena felt the same buzz of excitement as before. Like an electric current passing through their hands.  She stared back at him, feeling as if she couldn’t tear her eyes from his, she was mesmerized by the mischievous blue twinkle.
“Hey, you dirty dog, I wondered where you disappeared to.” 
Selena and Matt looked up quickly at the voice, the magical spell broken. Selena sucked in her breath when she realized the voice belonged to Paul James. He’d been in more movies than she could count and she’d had such a crush on him a few years ago. His blond, California good looks still took her breath away.
“And now I understand,” Paul answered his own question as he stared at Selena. “I figured it was something like that.”
Matt made the introductions and Paul took Selena’s hand gently, smiling roguishly.
 “Would you like to join us?” Selena asked politely. Paul was still holding her hand as he stared at her, the roguish smile still in place. Selena felt slightly star struck as she looked at him.
“Nah. I’m getting takeout. I have friends waiting at my house. It was nice to meet you Selena.” He winked at her and smiled the roguish smile again, then went inside with a wave to Matt.
“Wow, Paul James?” Selena asked when he was gone.
“Yeah, we’ve been friends for years. Hey, I thought you didn’t like movie stars?”
Selena’s face reddened as she realized she’d been caught. “Uh…I just think he’s a really great actor,” she stammered. 
“And what about me?” His voice dropped an octave as he took her hand. “Do you think I’m a great actor?”
“Even better than Paul James,” she almost whispered. “I watched some of your movies before I came out here. You really are the best.” She flushed as she remembered sitting in her small room, falling in love with his on-screen characters. 
Still holding her hand, Matt leaned across the table and kissed her. “Thank you, Selena.”
Their mood lightened as a waiter appeared. They ordered fresh shrimp and scallops and coleslaw and fries. It was a very relaxing meal and Selena laughed and joked with Matt as they ate. It almost seemed like they hadn’t been apart. They had picked up their friendship right where they’d left off in New Mexico. He sure is easy to be around for a big shot Hollywood heartthrob, she thought with a smile. He made her feel nervous at first, yet as they bantered like old friends, she could feel herself relax with him.
“It’s too bad you only have a couple days. There’s a lot to see and do here,” Matt was saying.
“Yeah, well, the beach is nice, but I think I prefer my wide open spaces to this huge city.”
Matt laughed his musical, ringing laugh and then took her hand again across the table. “You know, Selena, a lot of these young starlets give up their whole lives to come here, just for a chance to be a star.”
“I know. And I’ve already made enough money for some of my college tuition, but I’m just not into this life.”
Matt chuckled, shaking his head. “You’re one of a kind, Selena.”

After dinner, Matt instructed Jeffrie which house to drop him at and Selena’s heart sank as they pulled into the drive. She hated to see the evening end, and besides, Matt was the only person she knew in this strange land. She stepped out with him while Jeffrie discreetly stayed in the car. She leaned her back against the car as they chatted. 
“Where you staying?” Matt asked.
“The Montague, in Beverly Hills.” “Hmm, nice place.” He leaned toward her as he said it and she felt his body press hers against the car as he kissed her. She wove her fingers into his hair where it curled over his collar as she returned his passionate kiss. He broke away finally, both of them out of breath. “I’ll see you tomorrow,” he said quietly, his voice gruff with passion. She could see it burning in his eyes and she knew he was seeing the same in hers. He held her stare for a long moment, then turned away and strode purposely for the front door of the house. Selena dropped back into her limo, still breathless from his kiss, her mind a whirlwind of confusion. She had told him in New Mexico that she only wanted friendship; she had been determined not to let some Hollywood player hurt her. But now she knew, it was too late for that. He was more than a friend and she knew it.






Chapter 15



Selena floated back to her room when Jeffrie let her out at the hotel, still euphoric from Matt’s kiss and the passion and longing she’d seen in his eyes. She had assumed he had already found someone more his style. How could he possibly be interested in some small town girl from New Mexico anyway? She had all but given up on ever hearing from him, and now, here she was, floating around her room on a white, fluffy cloud.
She used the remote to open the blinds, then stared out the window as she thought of Matt. Were her feelings for him true or was it a movie star crush like she’d had for Paul James before? Was she star struck? No! She shook her head as she contemplated it. It was neither of those things, she was sure of it. She knew her own mind and her heart better than that. She was still so afraid of being hurt by him, but she didn’t really believe anymore that he was just a player. The look in his eyes had said it was more than a fling. She heaved a sigh and finally turned from the window to check her emails and social media. She had been sorely out of touch since arriving in L.A. and she was sure Beth would want to know everything. She picked up her cell phone and saw ten new emails. She checked them first and her heart sank as she read letter after letter from the publishers and agents she’d sent her manuscript off to. Each one was a polite and respectful rejection letter. She felt all the wind go out of her sails and the white, fluffy cloud she’d floated in on was blown away on a darkening sky as she read the emails. She’d had such high hopes for the hard work she’d done on the detective series and it almost felt like her world was crashing down around her. She knew she should be happy. She was having an opportunity of a lifetime with the movie and now this modeling gig. But she just couldn’t seem to even feign an interest in any of that. It seemed unreal to her, whereas being a published author; that was a real dream. She quickly answered Beth’s emails and put her phone on the charger. She went into the bathroom and scrubbed Betsy’s makeup from her face before turning in. She scrubbed vigorously, as if she could wash away all the Hollywood acting and modeling and just return to herself and her quiet world. She felt a single tear trickle down her face as she crawled beneath the sheets of the enormous bed. She had worked so hard on the book. She’d put several years of her life into the series of books. All her hopes and dreams dashed in an instant. She didn’t even bother turning on the TV as she buried her head under the covers. She was determined not to cry, but she felt another tear roll across her cheek and onto the pillow. She sniffed and tried to get her mind back on Matt and the euphoria she had floated in on, but to no avail. Another tear was followed by another and she slammed her fist into the pillow as she finally gave up and let the tears come.

Jeffrie picked her up at eight a.m. again the following morning. 
“Did you sleep okay, Miss Selena?” he asked politely when she jumped into the back seat. He noticed dark circles under her eyes and a forlorn look on her face this morning. He’d thought she would be jubilant after the time she’d spent with Matthew Mason. They had certainly seemed to be getting along well when they parted.
“I slept alright,” she answered. “Just feeling a little homesick, I guess.”
She was quiet the rest of the way to Malibu, where, once again a small crowd of people awaited her arrival. Betsy took Selena’s hand and led her to the house when she joined them. The handler, Jake, was once again holding the dancing Catalina by her shiny black bridle. She brightened Selena’s mood considerably as she watched the graceful horse prance on the beach. Betsy was quick with her makeup and hair this time. “The photographers want to get some pictures with the morning sun,” she told Selena. 
Selena was surprised to find the same white dress as the previous morning hanging in the bathroom for her, cleaned and looking new again. “Why would they have me wear the same dress again?” she asked Betsy when she emerged with it on. 
“Oh, the photographers weren’t happy with the way some of the pictures came out. After the dress got soaked in the waves, it didn’t billow out the way they wanted. Anyway, as I understand it, it’s just a few more shots with this dress, then you’re all done for the day.”
“Really?” Selena could feel waves of relief wash over her. As much as she had enjoyed riding Catalina in the surf yesterday, she still hadn’t been looking forward to another full day of sitting in front of a camera. Especially as depressed as she felt today. She really just wanted to go home, back to her safe little world and her faithful horse. She didn’t think she would ever have the guts to send another manuscript off to agents. It was just too hard to put so much work into something, only to have everyone tell you it sucks.
“Really.” Betsy smiled at her kindly as she followed her back across the balcony and down to the beach. She sensed that Selena wasn’t herself today. She had used makeup to cover the dark circles she’d seen under her eyes.
Selena swung deftly onto Catalina’s back and kept her to the beach as she danced and pranced. She didn’t want the dress getting soaked and having to do this over again. Catalina was full of fire, but she obeyed Selena’s commands. The two of them had gotten to know each other enough by now, she knew she couldn’t push Selena too far. The cameras clicked and clicked as Selena rode Catalina up and down the beach at a trot, then a gallop, before one of the cameramen called out to her, “okay, if you could just sit on her in the waves facing us.”
Selena turned Catalina into the waves, the hems of her dress already getting wet where it flowed down across the horse’s hindquarters. Catalina stopped in the waves before Selena could turn her fully around, bowed her head down toward the water with her nose almost touching a wave and pawed at the surf with her right hoof. Selena had no idea of the picture they made, as she sat on Catalina in the waves with the horse pawing at the surf. 
But Matt did, as he watched from his place at the rear of the house behind them. He stood in the sand, looking down at the fantasy-like sight of the dark-haired beauty in white and the stunning white horse with her black bridle. The sight would be etched on his memory forever, he was sure of it. He let his breath out in a whoosh when he realized he’d been holding it as he stared at the sight. The girl and the horse looked like mythical creatures as they sat in the waves with the horse pawing at them. She’s a Goddess, he thought with a smile as he stared. If I blink, she’ll probably disappear. He remained by the house, unwilling to disturb the crew or Selena, until the shoot was finished. He watched Selena dismount and put both hands on Catalina’s face as she kissed the soft, charcoal gray nose. Then she turned and walked with Betsy back toward the house.
“Oh,” she said when she saw Matt. “How long have you been here?”
“Not long,” he answered vaguely, the mischievous smile lighting up his blue eyes. “Are you finished or just changing?”
“We’re finished,” Betsy answered for her.
“Cool. You wanna take in some sights today, Selena?”
“Sure. I’d love to,” she answered, his nearness unnerving her as it usually did at first.
 “I’ll wait out front for you.” He winked at her, then made his way around the side of the house to his car.
Selena felt the stirring in her stomach again as she went to change. It was still only mid-morning and her plane didn’t leave until the following morning. She still had the whole day to spend with Matt. She quickly forgot her depression over the rejection letters as her heart began to soar, thinking of spending the entire day with him. She’d thought she would never see or hear from him again and now, here he was the last two days, appearing as if by magic, and he wanted to spend time with her. 
“I guess Matt Mason has taken a shine to you,” Betsy said when Selena emerged from the bathroom, happy to be back in her own clothes.
“We became friends a while back in New Mexico,” Selena answered. Her stomach was feeling nervous and excited again as she thought about what they would do today. She had no idea what to wear or how to act around these sophisticated Hollywood people.
“Hmmph! Friends? One thing I know for sure, girlfriend, when a man looks at a woman like that, he’s looking for more than friendship.”
Selena’s face reddened as Betsy giggled. 
Betsy gave her a hug before she went out the door. “Good luck with your modeling career,” she told her. “I’m looking forward to seeing the pics in all the magazines.”
“Thank you, Betsy. I couldn’t have done it without you,” Selena said as she opened the door and saw Matt standing by a shiny black car. Betsy was quickly forgotten as she stood and stared. Matt looked absolutely gorgeous, she thought, standing tall and straight against his car, the sea breeze lifting the dark, shaggy hair off his forehead. His black tee shirt was stretched tight across his broad shoulders and his black pants made his slim waist and hips look even slimmer. Dark black sunglasses completed his look and his teeth looked incredibly white when he flashed a smile at her. Forget the agents and publishers; today I’m a lucky girl, she thought. She stared at him for a full minute, before joining him at the car. 
“So…what do you want to do today?” Matt asked as he stepped away from the car and opened the door for her.
“Um, I hadn’t really thought about it. What do you want to do?”
“Well, I guess we could see the sights in Hollywood, or we could go shopping in Beverly Hills?”
“Ugh,” Selena giggled. “Haven’t I been punished enough the last two days?”
Matt laughed. “Ever been to Disneyland?” He looked sideways at her, the mischievous light back in his eyes as he grinned.
“No.”
“Then let’s go have some fun.” Matt closed the door after she was in and loped around to the driver’s side. He felt like a teenager again, excited and proud to have a beautiful girl agree to go out with him.
Selena stared at the interior of the car as Matt pulled into traffic. It was a black Mercedes sedan. She’d never even seen one before, other than on TV. The rich interior of the car and the musky, masculine scent of Matt’s aftershave did double duty to take her breath away. She closed her eyes as she breathed in the new car scent and his rich, musky smell.
Matt whipped the car smoothly in and out of traffic and Selena’s eyes flew open as she braced herself for a collision. She was unused to this amount of traffic and to Matt’s seemingly reckless driving. The world moved at a slower pace where she was from. She felt the blood drain from her face as a car cut in front of them, almost hitting them. Matt quickly checked his mirror and gunned the big engine as he switched to another lane. He glanced over at Selena and laughed. “It’s okay Selena, I’m a good driver. You’ll get used to the traffic,” he said as he whipped the car across another lane.
“I don’t think I want to get used to it.”
He laughed again, the musical sound calming her nerves a little. “Yeah, I don’t blame you.” 




Chapter 16



They had an amazing day together at Disneyland. They rode the rides, they played the games, they laughed and rough-housed together like two old friends. Matt had pulled a black baseball cap from the trunk of his car before they went into the park. He kept it on throughout the day to disguise himself from his fans. Selena relaxed and enjoyed her day with him as they rode huge roller coasters. “I think barrel racing might be safer than this,” she yelled as they plunged down a huge hill, her long dark hair flying behind her. She screamed and grabbed Matt’s arm as the coaster hit the bottom of the hill and flew into a sharp curve. “I think I left my stomach back there on the hill,” she laughed as the roller coaster came to a bumping stop.
It was late in the day and they were walking toward the exit, with Selena carrying a stuffed mouse Matt had bought her, when two teenage girls passed by and stared. “Hey, I think that was Matthew Mason,” one of them shouted. 
To Selena, it seemed as if teenage girls appeared from thin air. In only a minute, Matt was surrounded by a crowd of squealing teenagers. He signed autographs for them and even signed their tee shirts. Selena felt herself being pushed further and further from Matt as the girls crowded closer. She finally backed against a wall and watched in amazement as Matt seemed to take it all in stride. He smiled and laughed with the group of girls as he quickly signed autographs. When he realized Selena was no longer by his side, he quickly scanned the crowd, then, looking over the heads of the girls, he saw her leaning against the wall. “Sorry ladies, gotta go,” he said as the girls complained. “Sorry,” he said as he worked his way through the crowd and took Selena’s hand. “Let’s get out of here,” he whispered as they moved quickly for the exit. The group of girls followed them, snapping pictures with their cell phones, but a security guard at the exit saw what was happening. He held up the ever-increasing crowd of teenagers as another guard walked with Matt and Selena to their car.
Matt laughed once they were safely inside. “Guess that was a bit much, huh?” 
“Does that happen a lot?” Selena couldn’t imagine being mauled by people wherever she went and smiling happily while they all took her picture. It had been hard enough having her picture taken the last two days, and they were paying her for it.
“Not really,” he answered. “You get used to it.”
“Yeah, and again, I don’t want to get used to it.”
Matt laughed and took her hand. He held onto it, with both their hands resting comfortably on her thigh as he drove with his free hand.
“You must think I’m small town and stupid,” she said quietly as she stared at her small hand engulfed in his larger one.
“On the contrary, I find it very refreshing to be around someone who doesn’t live for this sort of thing. Like a told you before, you’re more real than the girls here.”
His words were nice, but Selena wasn’t entirely sure she believed them. She just couldn’t understand what he could possibly see in her.
“Hey, would you like to come to my house?”
Selena looked up at him quickly, a startled look in her eyes.
“Just for dinner,” Matt said with a laugh when he saw her look. “There’s a beautiful view of the city from up in the hills.”
“Okay…I guess.” Selena felt so awkward. She wasn’t sure how she was supposed to react, but she felt sure even those young girls at the amusement park would have been more comfortable in this situation than her. She felt like such an ignorant, small-town hick.
Matt drove up into the Hollywood Hills and entered a long drive to a big white house. It was surrounded by palm trees and lush landscaping. Bright red bougainvilla hung from the privacy walls, creating a lush wall of color. Matt came around the car and helped Selena out, then led her through an enormous set of double wooden doors into a tiled entryway. Selena stopped and stared at the huge chandelier hanging in the foyer, the ornate wooden staircase leading to the second floor and, on her right, a doorway to a sunken living room with glass across the entire rear wall. Matt led her into the living room and Selena went to the bank of windows, looking down across the city. She could see for miles across L.A., the twinkling lights of the giant city mesmerizing her. Matt brought them each a soda from the kitchen and, setting them down, he came and stood behind Selena as they looked out the windows. He wrapped both arms around her and pulled her back into his broad chest. Selena snuggled into his warmth, enjoying this quiet moment together. She was surprised when she felt Matt’s lips on the back of her neck. He reached up and brushed her thick hair to the side as he continued planting light, soft kisses on her neck. Selena felt her breath quicken at his touch and before she realized what she was doing, she had turned and was kissing him hungrily. They kissed for several moments, their passion rising, until suddenly, Matt stopped and lifted her up. He carried her to the white leather sofa, where he deposited her gently. He proceeded to make love to her, at first passionately, then he seemed to hesitate, and he continued slowly and gently, as if he were afraid he would break her. Selena had been overcome with her passion for him and she didn’t have a coherent, logical thought in her mind. She only knew that she wanted to be with this man, in every way possible. Matt held her tight in his arms afterward, his head on her chest as his breathing slowed. “I’m sorry Selena. I don’t know what came over me.”
Selena didn’t answer, she only pulled him tighter to her as she ran her fingers through his hair.
She continued her caresses until she heard a soft snore coming from Matt. She was basically trapped under him while he slept, but she still held him tight as her mind raced frantically. She felt as if she were crashing back to earth after their wild, passionate love-making. She hadn’t planned it or really even wanted it. Well, she hadn’t thought she wanted it, until he began kissing her neck. She smiled in the dark as she remembered, but her emotions were flip-flopping back and forth. She didn’t want him to think she was one of these Hollywood girls who sleeps around, and she was still afraid of him using her, then moving on to the next vulnerable teenage girl. She didn’t really know what to think as she lay there with her thoughts in a jumble and her emotions in a turmoil. She had surprised herself with her ardor for him. She’d never responded to a kiss from any of the boys she’d known the way she did when Matt kissed her. “Hey.” Selena jumped when she realized Matt was staring down at her. “You okay?”
“Yeah, of course.” Selena sat up quickly as Matt stood and stretched.
“How about I make us a sandwich?”  He smiled down at her, the usual mischievous light in his eyes replaced with a sweet, tender look.
“Sure,” Selena smiled back. She walked back to the windows while he went to the kitchen, her thoughts still a jumble as she stared down at the city.
They finished off their sandwiches and sodas and Selena curled up into Matt’s chest on the couch as he flipped through channels with his remote control. He settled finally on an old movie and they both pretended to watch as they each considered what had transpired between them. 
Selena finally fell asleep in Matt’s arms and he turned off the TV and sat there in the dark, his mind still racing. Why hadn’t Selena told him she was a virgin? He didn’t want to mention it to her until he’d had more time to think it through. The implications of what this meant to her had never left his mind. He knew how important a young girl’s first love was. He guessed that Selena had been waiting for the perfect guy to come along. Did she love him? And more importantly, did he love her? He finally gave up on his jumbled thoughts and stretched out behind her on the couch, wrapping both arms tight around her. Selena shifted in her sleep until her head was on his arm, then she sighed deeply, as if in perfect contentment.

Matt drove Selena back to her hotel early the next morning and waited outside while she packed. Selena was quiet on the drive; she was torn between flying back home and leaving Matt, and a morning after embarrassment after spending the night with him. She was still torn between thoughts of wanting to be with Matt forever and the thought that he was only using her. Had he only invited her to his house to seduce her after all? Was he going to throw her away like yesterday’s trash and move on to the next unsuspecting girl?
Matt found Jeffrie in the garage and let him know he would be driving Selena to the airport. Jeffrie followed him back to the portico in front of the hotel to say goodbye to Selena.
Selena emerged from the hotel a few minutes later and Matt went over to her, taking her gym bag from her hand. 
“You have a safe flight back home, Miss Selena,” Jeffrie said, taking her hand. 
“Thank you, Jeffrie. For everything.”
Selena held on again as Matt raced through traffic, weaving his car from lane to lane to pass slower vehicles. 
“You know we have plenty of time before my flight don’t you?” 
Matt laughed and eased back on the throttle. “Sorry. It’s just a habit.”
Selena checked in at LAX and got her boarding pass, then they found a quiet table in a coffee shop. There was floor to ceiling glass facing out onto the busy walkway and Selena watched the hurried travelers, rolling neat black suitcases behind them. She was shocked when a man stopped and took their picture through the glass. 
“Paparazzi,” Matt laughed. “They’re always hanging out at LAX. You’ll probably see our picture in one of those rag mags next week. We’ll be lucky if they don’t make up a juicy story to go with it.”
“I could never get used to this life,” Selena sighed. Even though she knew she would miss Matt horribly, she was looking forward to getting home and riding Rusty across the silent desert.
Matt took her hand on the table. “I’m really going to miss you, Selena. I haven’t enjoyed myself this much since New Mexico.”
Selena had finally worked up her nerve. “Do you think I’ll ever see you again?” 
Matt threw back his head and laughed. “I guarantee it. One way or another, we’ll see each other again.”
Selena smiled, the tension easing from her shoulders. She really wanted to believe him, but she knew there would still be eight hundred miles separating them.
They chatted quietly for a while, their heads close together, until Selena knew she had better go. She still had to get through security and find the correct gate. 
Matt still hadn’t got around to asking her his question. He hadn’t found the right time or the right way to phrase it and he didn’t want to embarrass her, but still he wondered…had she been waiting for the right guy and, if so, did she think he was that guy? He didn’t think the airport was the right place to discuss a girl’s virginity, but still…he had to wonder. And, if she had been waiting for the right guy, he felt honored that she’d chosen him. He held her tight and kissed her lips repeatedly before he finally let her go, a gloom of sadness settling onto his shoulders as he watched her walk away. 





Chapter 17



Selena graduated with her class the following day, smiling in her cap and gown while her parents snapped pictures. She wished she could tell them just how much she didn’t want to have her picture taken ever again, but she knew how much it meant to them. A lot of the kids were having parties that night, but Selena turned down the invitations. She only wanted to sit at home quietly, without the noise and crowds. And besides, she was hoping to hear from Matt. She sat alone in her room all night, thinking of Matt and their night together. She paced her room for a bit, then finally sat down in front of her old computer. She wondered if she should just give up writing after all those rejection letters, but she felt somehow compelled to write, as if it would clear her own muddled thoughts. She began another story in her anticipated mystery series, with her smart, strong lead character, Trish off onto another adventure. She felt free as she wrote, her mind quickly escaping into a fictitious world of her own choosing. She wrote for hours, escaping into the life of Trish, which was much easier than dealing with her own confused feelings.

Selena loaded Rusty into the horse trailer the following morning and set off to the west mesa for a ride. She breathed a sigh of relief when she topped the hill of the mesa in her dad’s old truck and looked out across miles of empty desert. It looked serene and beautiful after the noise and crowds of L.A. She parked the truck and then saddled Rusty as she enjoyed the stillness of the desert. There was nothing as far as the eye could see, except for a few rangy beef cows, and the silence almost hurt her ears. She could hear a buzzing in her ears as the silence engulfed her after all the noise she’d been subjected to. She rode for hours across the desert, allowing Rusty to pick his way slowly between clumps of sagebrush. She had no destination in mind and no agenda for the day. Just her horse and a canteen of water. She could feel all the stress and tension easing from her muscles as she rode. No crowds, no pictures, no racing through traffic. That made her think of Matt and the way he drove through traffic and she felt a sharp pang in her chest. She missed him horribly and she hadn’t heard from him at all since arriving home. She was still so afraid that he was only using her and she prayed that wasn’t the case. She hadn’t meant to give herself to him, at least not until she felt more sure of him—it had just sort of happened. 
She rode for most of the day, wandering quietly across the desert, through canyons and washes. She took in the beautiful sights as if seeing them for the first time. The busy city had given her a fresh perspective of her treasured desert.

Selena was practicing with Rusty on the barrels in her back yard the following week when she saw Beth race up her drive in the new car her parents had given her for graduation. Well, not new, new. Like her own red car, Beth’s was a few years old, but still in good condition. Beth screeched to a stop and jumped out of the car, waving a handful of papers over her head at Selena. Beth’s face was flushed with excitement when Selena rode over to her. “You’ve gotta see this,” Beth said, still holding the papers above her head. 
“Okay, just let me unsaddle Rusty first and we’ll go inside.” Selena threw her saddle over a fence rail and turned Rusty loose before following her friend into the trailer. She could see now, the papers in Beth’s hands were magazines. What now, Selena thought with an uneasy feeling. She still hadn’t heard from Matt and she was more sure than ever that he’d only been using her. She didn’t want to see his picture now in magazines, with whatever starlet he’d picked up this week. Beth dropped the magazines on the kitchen table and they each dropped into a chair as Beth began flipping pages. “Ah, here it is,” Beth said as she pushed the magazine toward Selena. 
Selena caught her breath as she stared at it. It was a full-page layout of herself sitting on Catalina in the surf. It was the picture they’d taken from the side, as Catalina had stopped and pawed at the water. Selena hadn’t even been looking at the camera, she was looking ahead, creating a profile picture, with her dark hair blowing in the wind. The white dress had billowed around her as the cameramen had wanted. The overall effect was mystical—almost magical. There was a small picture in the top right corner of the ad. It was a bottle of perfume—Fantasy Perfume—it said over the picture. Selena stared, almost in a state of shock. These Hollywood people had transformed her and Catalina into mystical creatures. She just couldn’t believe the beauty of a simple perfume ad. 
“It’s amazing, isn’t it?” Beth said with awe in her voice.
“I can’t believe it,” Selena said. “I just can’t believe it came out so good.”
“Yeah, well see if you believe this one,” Beth was flipping pages again. 
Selena sucked in her breath when she saw the picture of her and Matt, sitting together intimately at the airport, their heads close together as Selena stared at the camera. Selena felt her face flush as she saw the headline: 

NEW FLAME FOR
MATT MASON?

She read the short article underneath their picture. 


Matt’s new flame is a newcomer to the scene. Sources reveal the 
auburn-haired beauty is model Selena Summers, see perfume ad on page 4. 
But the real question, is it serious with Matt or another 
in a long line of beautiful models for him?


Selena felt like crying, but she was determined not to let her emotions get the better of her. Beth flipped through the other magazines. The full-page picture of her on Catalina was in each one, but thankfully, nothing more of her and Matt. Until they flipped through the last one. There was a picture of Matt pressing her against the limo in Malibu as he’d kissed her. There must have been paparazzi on the beach or out on the street. Selena felt like her face was on fire. She could not imagine her friends and family seeing this picture. She had always been a very private person and she felt utterly humiliated. 
“This is hot,” Beth said excitedly, as she stared at the picture. “I guess you’re the next rising star of Hollywood fame.” 
“No. I’m not,” Selena said as she angrily slammed the magazine closed. “I don’t want any of it,” she said in a quieter tone, her voice trembling.
“Not even hottie Mason?”
“I don’t know. I mean, I do, but now I haven’t heard from him. Again. I just don’t know if he’s taking advantage of me.” Selena paced around the small kitchen, her pent-up emotions finally getting the best of her.
“I say roll with it,” Beth said brightly, trying to cheer her friend up. “See where it all takes you, and Selena, look at this.” Beth flipped back to the picture of Matt and Selena at the airport. In the picture, Matt was leaning toward Selena across the table as he stared at her. 
“He’ll call,” Beth said happily. “Look at the way he’s looking at you.”

Selena was rounding the third barrel on Rusty the following Sunday and making the mad dash back through the gate to cheers and applause from the onlookers. The summer rodeo season was getting under way and she’d went to the local arena with Beth. There was only one younger girl on a small black mare that was giving her any competition and she was pretty sure she’d just beaten her time. She raced Rusty through the gate, then spun him around as he slowed. As he trotted back toward the fence, she recognized a familiar face. Matt was clapping and smiling along with the group of locals standing along the arena fence. Selena hopped to the ground as Rusty stopped beside Matt. Her face had already been flushed from excitement after her run around the barrels, now she blushed even deeper as she stared at Matt, her emotions tripping over themselves. Before she could ask him what he was doing there, he removed his black cowboy hat and swept her into his arms for a kiss. Matt broke the kiss finally, but before Selena could ask any questions, she heard her name on the loudspeaker. She had won the barrel racing event and, with her eyes still locked with Matt’s, she moved to Rusty and quickly swung into the saddle. She broke the stare finally, as she trotted Rusty into the arena to collect her blue ribbon. 
Matt had drawn his own crowd and, as Selena returned with her blue ribbon, she saw a group of teenagers surrounding him. He signed autographs and laughed as he joked with the group, until finally he was able to break away and join Selena by her horse trailer, where she was unsaddling Rusty. 
“What are you doing here?” Selena thought she was beginning to sound like a broken record, but Matt seemed to keep showing up wherever she seemed to be. 
“You’re mother told me where you were.”
“And how did you find my house?” Selena was embarrassed to know he’d been to her home. The small trailer must have looked mighty poor compared to his rich mansion in the hills.
“I have my sources,” he answered, his mischievous smile crinkling the corners of his mouth.
Selena turned away as she loaded Rusty into the horse trailer.
“Is it okay? For me to show up here, I mean?” Matt grabbed her arm as she went to close the door behind her horse. “I missed you, Selena,” he said tenderly.
“I missed you too, Matt.” Selena’s heart raced as she listened to his words. “But you keep doing this. I don’t hear from you at all, then all of a sudden, you’re back in my life.”
“Does that mean you want me in your life?” Matt wrapped his arms around her waist as he said it. Selena had to lean back to look up into his face.
“Yeah, I do,” she whispered.
Matt leaned down and kissed her hard on the mouth. “I’ll do better, I promise,” he said. “I’ve been really busy. I start filming a new movie in Toronto in a couple weeks. I’m just passing through, on my way to the location.”
Selena’s heart sank as she heard it. She didn’t want to think about him leaving again. “How long can you stay?”
“I don’t know, a few days.” he smiled, happy to hear that Selena had missed him as much as he’d missed her. 
Matt went for his car to follow her home, the shiny black Mercedes standing out like a sore thumb in the dusty lot of the arena, filled with beat-up pickups and horse trailers.
After Selena had unloaded Rusty and fed him, she took Matt inside to meet her parents. 
“Pleased to meet you ma’am,” Matt said politely as he took her mother’s hand. He turned and shook her father’s hand too. “Mr. Summers,” he said. 
“Call me Dave,” her dad said with a smile.
Selena was surprised at her parents. She had expected some paternal protective instinct from her father, at least.
“We saw the pictures of you two in the magazines,” her mother said. “All the girls at work were passing them around. We were just waiting for Selena to get around to telling us.”
Selena’s face reddened. She had hidden the magazines from her parents and she certainly hadn’t planned to tell them about it, at least until she was sure that whatever she had shared with Matt hadn’t ended the second she was on the plane for home. 
She showed Matt around the small trailer. “And this is my room,” she said as he followed her into the small room. She was embarrassed to have him there, but she felt like she was being swept along in a riptide. She either had to go with it, or exhaust herself fighting the current. 
Matt walked around, touching her books and music on the shelves, then took a seat in front of her old computer. “I haven’t seen one of these monstrosities for years. You should get a laptop,” he told her. 
“Yeah, I guess.” Selena put her hands on his shoulders as she leaned over him to see what he was doing. “Hey, don’t open that.” 
Matt had brought up her files and was looking at the stories she’d been working on. “Too late,” he laughed. “Hey, these are really good.” He read a few lines, then went to the next one. Selena had several unfinished manuscripts and he counted five finished stories in the detective series with the young girl, Trish. “These are unbelievable,” he said in awe. Have you sent any of them in to publishers?”
“Just one, before I went to L.A.”
“And?”
“Lots of rejection letters.” Selena sighed. She had gone from embarrassed to being completely humiliated. She suddenly wished she was out on Rusty’s back, wandering across the desert alone.
“Well, you can’t give up Selena, these are fantastic.” Matt stood and put his arms around her. “You know, I know a friend of a friend who could probably talk to some people for you.”
“No!” Selena almost shouted it. She took a step back from Matt, as if he were suddenly the enemy. “I would love nothing more than to be a published author, but I’ll never know if my work is any good unless I make it on my own.”
“Okay, okay.” He put his hands up, defeated.  “I know what you mean. It’s the same with acting,” he said, pulling her back into his chest. “Hey, I have an idea, let’s take your parents out to dinner.”
Selena looked at his face to see if he was joking. 
“And your friend Beth too if you want?”
“Okay.” Selena brightened at the thought. Her parents hardly ever went anywhere and she knew Beth would enjoy an evening out on the town. “I’ll go ask.”

The group had a wonderful time at dinner. Matt kept everyone laughing as he described mishaps with different movies he’d made. Beth stared at him adoringly throughout dinner and Selena could see the same star struck look in her mother’s eyes.
Matt took them all bowling after dinner and Selena watched as the muscles contracted in his back and shoulders as he deftly threw strike after strike. He was wearing another tight, black tee shirt and it made the blue of his eyes stand out fiercely. Is this it then, she thought as she watched him. He’s just going to show up occasionally? I’ll be his girlfriend, but only when it’s convenient for him?
Selena was more like a fish out of water as she put the bowling ball continuously in the gutter. “I belong on a horse, not throwing a heavy ball around,” she laughed as she watched another ball hit the gutter.
“Let me show you a couple things,” Matt said. He stood behind her, putting his arms around hers as he showed her how to hold the ball and how to swing her arm. “Now, release,” he told her. Selena watched as the ball knocked down about half the pins. “Yay, I did it.” She did a little dance before returning to her seat as everyone laughed. 
They bowled until they were all exhausted. Selena could see her parents falling for Matt’s charm, as she herself had and she already knew Beth was completely enamored by him.
Matt drove them home afterward, where Beth left quickly after giving Selena a hug and thanking Matt for the wonderful evening. 
Selena stayed outside with Matt after her parents went inside. “So,” Matt said, as he gently pushed her against his car and leaned over her, looking down at her with a smile. “I don’t know how it can work with the distance, but I miss you horribly when you’re not around.” 
“Then how come you never call or email?”
“I’m sorry, I’ve never been good at that sort of thing. But I promise you, at least one email a day, okay?”
“Okay.” Selena was happy for even that much. And now her emotions weren’t flip-flopping anymore. She was feeling more and more sure of Matt with each of his surprise appearances.
Matt kissed her then, long and hungrily. “How bout I take you to dinner tomorrow, somewhere nice?” Matt’s voice had grown husky from their kiss.
“Just the two of us?”
“Yeah, anywhere you want.”
“Sounds nice,” Selena said quietly.
They kissed again, then Matt left, back to his hotel in Albuquerque.
“He seems great,” Selena’s mom said as soon as she was through the door. “Why didn’t you tell us about him?” 
“I don’t know, I guess I was waiting for the right time.” How could she explain to her parents that she’d felt unsure of Matt and didn’t want to be humiliated if he had moved on to another girl?
“Well, I think he’s a keeper,” her mom said.
“Only if he makes you happy,” her father chimed in.
Selena nodded and escaped to her room. She was still working on the new story of Trish and she dropped in front of the computer to pick up where she had left off. She was surprised when she saw a new document in her files. She quickly opened it and read it. 

Selena Summers, I can’t stop thinking about you. 
Day and night, you are in my thoughts. 
I don’t know how a relationship can work between us, 
but I know I want to be with you.
Love,
Matt

Selena’s heart raced as she read his words. Matt must have done this before she’d come to stand behind him. And it said: Love, Matt. Was he saying he loved her? Selena stared at the computer screen, then finally gave up on writing. She dropped down on the bed and thought about Matt. His good looks, his charming ways and the way he made her feel every time he was near her. Was she in love with him? She thought about it as she lay there. She could feel her heartbeat accelerate just thinking of him. Yeah, she smiled in the dark. I think I’m in love. She finally drifted off to sleep, still fully clothed and on top of the covers, her smile still in place. 




Chapter 18



Selena showed Matt around Albuquerque the following day. They walked hand in hand through Old Town, exploring the quaint shops and artist’s studios. She took him to dinner at her favorite New Mexican restaurant and they sat out on the patio, underneath a wooden roof with small white patio lights twinkling above their heads. It was quiet and romantic and they moved their chairs closer together, holding hands on the table. 
Matt still couldn’t handle the hot chiles and Selena laughed at him as he ate more and more honey, trying to kill the burn in his mouth. “I think I’ll stick to French fries and brown gravy,” he said hoarsely as he downed his iced tea.
“Ugh, that sounds really gross,” Selena laughed.
“And my ketchup potato chips,” Matt laughed with her.
“No. Really? That’s sounds even grosser. Or more gross, something like that.”
“You should try Lengua,” she told him.
“What’s that?”
“Tongue.”
“Whose tongue?”
“I’m not sure, but I think they cut the tongues from smartass movie stars,” she said without missing a beat.
Matt threw back his head and laughed happily, his blue eyes sparkling. “Ugh. I think I’ll pass.”
“Or Menudo, it’s made with intestines.”
“Aw, really? Are you serious?”
“Yep, it’s delicious.”
“No thanks. I don’t think my stomach can handle the local cuisine.” He picked up a chile pepper as he said it, staring at it with a look of fear.
They laughed easily together throughout the meal, and Selena relaxed as they fell back into their easy friendship. She wasn’t even surprised anymore when teenagers stopped to talk to Matt. She watched in amusement as he posed for pictures and signed autographs, until he finally shooed the kids away and returned his attention to Selena. 
She hated to see the evening end when Matt took her home. “Well, you can always stay with me at my hotel,” Matt said, leering at her from the corner of his eye.
Selena glanced toward the house, afraid her parents might overhear. 
“I know,” Matt said before she could voice the thought, “Better not.”
He kissed her hungrily then, before jumping in his car and driving away. Selena stood in the dark as she watched the shiny black car disappear down the drive. She felt a hunger—a yearning, to chase after the car and jump inside. She wanted to go with him. She wanted to spend the night with him and not worry about what anyone thought. She wanted to spend the rest of her life with him, laughing and loving and enjoying each other. She watched until the car was out of sight, then turned and went inside with a heavy sigh.

Selena drove her new red car to the airport the following morning. Matt was flying the rest of the way to Toronto. “Besides,” he told her. “Now, I have to come back to New Mexico. For my girl and my car,” he said with the mischievous light in his eyes. 
Selena felt like she was floating when Matt called her ‘his girl.’ She’d never thought two simple words could make a person feel this good. She’d hardly slept that night as she tossed and turned, thinking of him. 
“I’m really going to miss you, Selena,” Matt said as he checked his bags and walked with her to the long line at the security counter. “Hey, I have an idea. Why don’t I fly you up to Toronto to the movie set? You can hang with me while I’m filming.”
“Oh, I would love to.” Selena smiled happily at the thought.
“You have a passport, right?”
“Uh.” She hadn’t given it a thought. “No, of course not.” She could feel her heart beginning to break. It would have been so much fun to hang out with Matt and see Canada at the same time. 
“Well, don’t look like I just kicked your dog. You
go and apply for it and when you get it, I’ll get you a ticket.”
“Deal,” Selena said, her voice brightening. She was still sad to say goodbye to him, but knowing she would see him again soon lifted her spirits considerably. And, they had actually made plans for the future, instead of Matt just appearing in her life unannounced. That would be a nice change. She was feeling more secure about Matt now and looking forward to seeing him again.
She applied for her passport that very day and she was surprised to hear it would take a month or more. “Really, that long?” she asked the lady at the Post Office. “Is there nothing I can do to get it faster?”
“Sorry sweetie, it’s in the hands of the U.S. Government now. There’s nothing I can do.”
Selena went home, feeling dejected. She wasn’t sure how long Matt would be in Toronto. She didn’t want him to finish his movie and return to L.A. before she had a chance to visit. Her spirits lifted when she saw a new email from him.


I miss you already, can’t wait til you come and visit.
Matt


She was surprised to see an email also from Don Broward.


Dear Selena,
You’ve created a bit of a buzz in Hollywood with the magazine layout. Angelique told me she was incredibly happy with your work and that you photograph beautifully. I have a small part in a movie I’m working on if you’re interested in reading for it. Thanks for not letting me down with Angelique Deveroux. 
I’m glad I recommended you for it.
Sincerely,
Don Broward


Selena sat back in her chair as she thought about it. Another movie? Really? Why couldn’t she have publishers and literary agents beating down her door instead? Did she really want to go through all that again? She sat immobile in her chair for a few minutes, staring out the window, watching as Rusty banged his grain bucket against the side of the fence. Well, why not? She finally decided. I’m stuck here until my passport arrives anyway and it’ll be more money to help my parents with. She called Don and accepted the part, or at least the audition for the part, as he explained.
Next, she called Beth and invited her to go for a ride. 
“I can’t believe it,” Beth squealed when she told her about the part in Don’s movie. They were riding their horses alongside the river, picking their way slowly among the shade of the cottonwoods. “You’re so lucky, Selena. You’ve been discovered,” she said, a note of awe in her voice. 
“But I don’t want to be discovered. I mean really, Beth, I’m no actress.”
“You are now,” Beth giggled. “And you’re going to be rich and famous. Oh, maybe I should get your autograph now, before you get too busy with your makeup artists and your bodyguards.”
Selena had to laugh. She had been wishing she hadn’t even accepted the part, or even the audition for the part, but Beth’s good humor made her feel better.
“It’s just a small part,” she told her friend. “And I have to go and read for it. Then, all these Hollywood folks will realize I suck at it and send me packing.”
“Don’t be such a negative Nellie,” Beth said. “You’re going to be great and they’re gonna love you, you’ll see.” Beth stopped her horse and swung her arms wide. “May I present Miss Selena Summers,” she bellowed to the empty forest. “Accepting her Oscar for best supporting actress.”
Selena sat on Rusty, laughing at her friend.
“You’ll be walking that red carpet, while everyone snaps your picture and yells your name,” Beth continued.
“Don should have took you instead of me,” Selena told her, a serious tone in her voice now. “You definitely have a flair for the dramatic.” Selena’s stomach felt queasy at the thought of a crowd of people, taking her picture and calling her name.

She dreamed that night of walking down the red carpet; she was wearing the beautiful white evening gown she’d worn for the photo shoot. As she made her way from the limousine and down the red carpet, flashbulbs popping in her face, she turned to wave to her fans. As she turned, she tripped over the evening gown and fell face first on the red carpet, her bare feet and legs in the air. She woke with a start, sitting up in bed, her stomach feeling knotted. Oh, why didn’t I tell Don no, she thought as she lay back down, holding her stomach.

Selena was back on a plane to Hollywood within days and she wrote on her new laptop while she was in the air. Matt had been right. The laptop was easier and now she could write in L.A or Canada or wherever she ended up. Maybe someday, she’d still get someone to actually read one of her manuscripts and offer her a publishing deal.
 Don had a car meet her at the airport and she looked out the window as the driver made his slow way through traffic. Unlike Jeffrie, this driver was older and stuffy and had very little to say to her. She couldn’t say she was happy to be back in this bustling city, but the thought of a new project to keep her mind off Matt was exciting. Matt had been thrilled about her tryout for the movie. They had emailed every day and even talked on the phone when he had time. Which was indeed, a wonderful change. She felt like his girlfriend now and the emotional security had halted her flip-flopping feelings. She knew now, there was something between them and she wanted to be with him, wherever his work took him. She only wished she were flying off to Canada right now to be with him, instead of being back in Hollywood.
She went the following day to the movie studio to read her lines for Don Broward. She was surprised to see a dark haired lady sitting on his right and an older, white-haired man on his left. He introduced them as Marie and Travis. “They are co-producing this movie with me,” he explained. There was also Don’s assistant and several other people milling about. Selena felt knots of tension tighten her stomach as Don handed her the script. “Yours will be the lines for Amanda,” he explained. “The angry, jilted lover. Bryan will read the leading man’s lines.” Selena felt nervous, but not the nervous anticipation of someone desperately hoping to snag a part in a movie. She really didn’t care either way, she was only nervous having to read her lines in front of all these people.
A young man stepped forward and shook Selena’s hand. “I’m just filling in,” he explained. “Paul James is supposed to be the lead.”
“Oh, okay.” Selena’s heart did a little flip-flop. She couldn’t imagine playing in a movie with her old crush, Paul James. The same blond, blue-eyed, handsome movie star who seemed to be a friend to Matt too.
She followed Bryan up onto the stage and began clumsily reading the lines. She was supposed to be the jilted lover, angry with Bryan and screaming at him, then quickly do an about face and fawn all over him, gushing words of love.
She stumbled across her lines at first, then smoothed out as she began to relax. As she pictured herself more and more as the petulant Amanda, she could feel herself getting into the part. She didn’t notice when Paul James and a beautiful blond girl walked in and took a seat behind Don. She was too busy shouting angry words at Bryan, then hugging him and whispering words of love.
“Okay. Let’s do it again,” Don called out. “Paul,” he nodded his head and Paul James wandered onto the stage. He didn’t have to read for the part himself, he’d been handpicked for the part before the screenplay was even finished. He was only concerned with having the correct leading ladies. Selena felt even more nervous as she read her lines again, this time opposite Paul James. She quickly threw herself back into the character and pretended it was still Bryan on the stage with her as she gushed words of love to him. She was nervous in the presence of an actor such as Paul. Especially when she’d had such a crush on him when she was younger. But, it helped to pretend it was still Bryan she was facing on the stage.
Paul read his own lines and they quickly fell into their parts. As Selena began to relax, she found the lines coming easier. They began to share an easiness around each other—a chemistry even—and it didn’t go unnoticed by Don. Of course, she’d had a major crush on him a few years earlier, and Paul’s roguish smile was enough to melt any girl’s heart.
 “Let’s try it again,” Don called. “But this time Selena, if you would read the lines of Brittany.” 
She heard a grunt from the girl sitting behind him. Selena glanced at her and saw an angry look on her face. 
Don quickly highlighted the lines he wanted her to read and handed her the script. Selena went back to the stage and began again. Now, she had to start over, wrapping her head around a different character. She did it the same as when she wrote her stories. She pictured herself as the main character of the story and quickly became that person on the stage. Their lines now were steamy, lines between two lovers, and the scene ended with a kiss. On their first run through, Selena and Paul were just warming up, but Selena could detect the chemistry between them. Either Paul was attracted to her, or he was a very good actor.
“Let’s do it again,” Don called out as Paul ended the scene with a quick kiss on Selena’s lips.
They read through it again, getting more into their parts. There was more emotion in their voices as the room seemed to electrify around them. Paul ended the scene by grabbing Selena and bending her backwards as he kissed her hard on the mouth. 
“Great,” Don called out. “Let’s take a break.
There’s a catering table set up in the back, Selena. Help yourself to lunch.”
Paul followed Selena to the rear of the room, where he made himself a sandwich. “You did really well,” he said as he smiled his sexy, roguish smile. “I’m not sure what Don’s up to now, but I think I’ll go tell him I want you for the lead.”
“Are you serious?” Selena’s voice rose as she answered. She wasn’t sure she’d heard him correctly. She couldn’t play a lead part with Paul James. She was a nobody. She hadn’t taken acting classes; she hadn’t spent her entire life around Hollywood, growing up on movie sets. She couldn’t understand why they wanted her at all. And what about the blond girl, still sitting alone by the stage? Selena saw Don huddled in the corner with Marie and Travis, their heads close together as they whispered to each other. 
Finally, Don broke away from the other two and walked over to where Selena was still standing by the table. “Selena,” he said with a warm smile. “We’d like for you to play the lead in this movie. If you think you would like to?” 
Selena felt her stomach drop, like it did when she rode a roller coaster. She could only nod her head as she stared. 
“You’re going to need to get yourself an agent. I can recommend a couple different ones.” He wrote some names and numbers on a notepad, then tore the paper off and handed it to Selena. “Let my office know who you choose and we’ll negotiate your contract with them.” 
Selena stared at him, dumbfounded. She could still only nod as she stared at Don, an uneaten sandwich forgotten in her hand. She hadn’t wanted to be in this movie in the first place. Now, she was supposed to play the lead? With Paul James for a co-star? 

She wandered around her hotel room in a daze the rest of the evening, unable to concentrate on anything as she tried to picture watching herself on-screen, as the star of a movie. She knew so many people worked and struggled for just such an opportunity while it was being thrown in her lap, but she just didn’t see herself as an actress—or a model either, for that matter. 
Matt was exhilarated when Selena told him about the movie. “See, I knew you were a leading lady,” he said excitedly. “Or, at least, you’re my leading lady,” he said sweetly.
“Yeah, but I just don’t think this is what I want to do with my life. It was a little easier today without the cameras—I guess I’m a little camera shy,” she said.
“That’s alright, you’ll get used to it.”
“I’d rather just come and hang out with you,” Selena said sadly.
“I’m sure it’ll work out. I’ll be back in L.A. before you know it. When does your movie begin filming?”
“In a month. Don is just finishing out the cast.”
“Maybe I’ll be back by then,” he repeated hopefully.
Selena couldn’t imagine waiting another month to see Matt. It just wasn’t fair. Why couldn’t her passport arrive already? She would be on a plane today if she only had it. 
She returned home, where she sat dejectedly every day, watching the mail for her new passport. As day after day sped by, and still no passport, she finally went back to her other two loves, writing and barrel racing with Rusty. She had left off with the latest story in the saga of Trish; she had gotten stuck on a scene and she put it aside until it came to her. She began a new novel, a story of two young lovers, who meet and fall in love, but are forbidden to be together by their parents. She worked on it every spare minute, getting more involved in the character’s lives every day. She knew it mirrored some of her own life; the struggles she was going through to be with Matt, but perhaps that would make it better, more realistic.
She brought home a red, second place ribbon the following Sunday at the rodeo. She’d had the fastest time, but Rusty had turned too sharp and hit her knee on the barrel, knocking it down. She knew it wasn’t Rusty’s fault, she couldn’t concentrate between missing Matt every second and thinking about starring in a movie. Now, her left knee had a huge purple and blue bruise across it. She was becoming frustrated with everything lately. Except her writing. It was her one escape from the world. Her one solitary place where she lived only by her own rules, where she could escape into the lives she created.
Her passport finally arrived in the mail, but with only two days left before she was due to fly back to L.A., there was no time for a visit to Matt.  She cried on the phone as she talked to him that night. “I was so looking forward to seeing you and Toronto,” she sniffed.
“Aw, come on,” Matt said, “you just wanted to come up here and eat up all of our ketchup potato chips.”
“Yeah, that’s it,” Selena laughed through her tears.
“I’ll be back in L.A. soon,” Matt said softly. “I really miss you too. Long distance relationships really suck, huh?”
“Yeah, they really do.”




Chapter 19



Selena flew back to L.A. two days later. She worked on the story of the two young lovers throughout the flight. She thought it might be about half way finished and she typed furiously as the plane flew west. She had taken Matt’s advice and sent another of her manuscripts out to several literary agencies. She waited every day for answers to her queries. She just knew she was going to have a positive answer this time. She’d never had the guts to send them in before and it made her really nervous. But at the same time, the thought of being discovered as an author was very exciting, unlike being discovered as an actress. Actresses come and go from Hollywood all the time, she thought as she stopped typing and stared out the small window of the plane, but 
a good novel, that lasts forever.
When the rejection letters came a few days later, they didn’t hurt as much as before, but they did still hurt. She wished they weren’t just a standard, polite rejection letter. She wished they would tell her what it was about her work they didn’t like. No one, not even her parents, had ever read any of her stories. She could use an outside opinion, to let her know what was good or bad with each one. She was beginning a new career with this movie, when what she really wished for was to be a writer. Not just a writer…a published author. Selling one book and knowing that people were reading what she had created meant more to her than starring in a hundred movies.
Selena met the rest of the cast the following day. They were all gathered in the studio, with a big part of it turned into what looked like the interior of a house. She couldn’t believe the work the set designers had done. The beautiful blond had been replaced with a petite dark-haired beauty named Jennifer for the part of Amanda, the jilted lover. Paul told Selena the blond girl, Megan, had stormed out of the studio in a rage when she heard that the part had been given to Selena. “She was pretty sure she had that part all sewn up,” Paul whispered to her. “Don offered her the part of the hateful Amanda, but she refused. She said she wasn’t going to play second fiddle to a ‘nobody.’ Too bad,” Paul laughed good-naturedly. “She was perfect for it.”
Selena giggled too. She felt bad for the girl, but none of this was her choosing. She hadn’t wanted to be here at all. 
They rehearsed together the rest of the day. Don had sent a script to Selena in New Mexico and she had already memorized her lines. Now she just had to get comfortable with Paul and the new girl, Jennifer. Paul had an easygoing way of putting Selena at ease, yet the chemistry between them could be felt throughout the room. She didn’t know if it was because she’d had a crush on him throughout her teenage years or what, but when they rehearsed together, sparks flew. His gorgeous blue eyes and handsome good looks reminded her of why she’d had such a crush on him when she was younger, but it wasn’t anything more than animal magnetism, she told herself. She was in love with Matt now. 
The new girl, Jennifer, seemed easy to get along
with. She was a ‘nobody’ too and Paul put them both at ease, as he helped them to feel more comfortable with their lines. By the end of the day, the three of them were laughing and joking together. “Let’s go get a beer when we’re done,” Paul invited both of them. 
“I can’t. I’m only eighteen,” Selena answered.
“Me too,” Jennifer chimed in.
“Not in Hollywood, baby,” Paul said with a laugh. “There’s no such thing as too young.”
They followed Paul out to his sports car, where Selena folded herself into the backseat. She felt like a pretzel as she sat in the tiny space. Paul drove much faster than Matt had, shifting gears and speeding through traffic. I guess a speed limit sign is only a suggestion in Hollyweird, she thought. She felt a little carsick by the time he turned into a drive. She couldn’t really see where he was going and she was wondering if she shouldn’t have just returned to her hotel. She could be writing now instead of hanging out with actors.
Paul had driven them to his house in Malibu. Selena had an uneasy feeling as she unfolded herself from the tiny back seat and followed Paul and Jennifer inside. She really should have just returned to her hotel. 
Paul led them through the house to a balcony overlooking the Pacific, where they each took a seat, while he brought them both a beer. Selena sipped hers slowly; she had never cared much for the taste, yet she didn’t want to be rude. 
Jennifer downed hers and asked for another. She seemed somewhat flirty with Paul James, but he seemed to regard her as a kid sister. They laughed and joked together as they hung out and Selena began to relax. They were going to be working together for the next few months and she wanted to get to know them. She stared at the ocean; the same beach where she’d rode Catalina at a breakneck pace such a short time ago. Had Matt seen her from here? How odd, she thought, with so many people in this huge city, they had been in the same place at the same time. It had to be fate, she decided. We were meant to be together.
“What do you ladies think of the movie so far?” Paul was asking. He was staring at Selena, making her feel uncomfortable. 
“I’m not sure,” she said slowly. “I liked the script, but rehearsing the scenes out of order makes it hard to keep track. If feels kind of disjointed.”
“I think it’s going to be great,” Jennifer said. “And of course, you were just fabulous, Paul.”
“I know,” he said, his roguish smile lighting up his face. Yet he still stared at Selena, making her feel more and more nervous. She could still feel that something between them, an electric, tingling sensation whenever they were together. She wondered how it would be to film the love scenes with him. Please don’t let me fall down, she prayed silently.
She was having a second beer herself and beginning to enjoy herself when two more guys with their dates showed up. They were both well-known actors and Selena recognized the blond whom she’d replaced in the movie. As Paul made introductions, the blond girl said, “Yeah, I know who she is. She stole my lead in the movie. You’re not sleeping with Don Broward, are you?”
“Of course not.” Everyone laughed as Selena’s face turned red. She couldn’t believe this girl could be so mean. She hadn’t even asked to be in their stupid movie in the first place, and Don Broward was old enough to be her father. 
Paul smoothly changed the topic of conversation as
the four newcomers took chairs on the balcony and each had a beer. It would have been an enjoyable setting if not for the nastiness of the blond. She looked for any opening she could to make some dig at Selena for stealing her part. “The way I hear it, you’re sleeping with Matt Mason too,” she said rudely. “Is that how you got into the business? I bet Matt got you the modeling gig too, huh?”
“Hey,” Paul cut in when he saw the horrified look on Selena’s face. “I’ve got to drive these girls home, you guys want to wait here til I get back?”
“Sure,” one of his buddies answered. “We’ll just be hanging til you get back, bro.”
“Come on,” Paul waved at the two girls and they followed him back to his car. “Sorry our good time got interrupted there,” he apologized to them as he drove. “I’ve never liked her, but as long as she’s dating a friend of mine, what can I do?” He shrugged his shoulders.
“Do you think she meant those rude things she was saying?” Selena asked from the back seat.
“Nah, she’s just jealous because Don saw that you’re a better actress than her,” Paul answered.
“I doubt that,” Selena muttered. “But surely she
knows none of this was my doing?”
“Welcome to Hollywood, Babe. It’s a ruthless world out here. Sometimes there are hundreds of people trying out for one part. She figures you must have had a connection somewhere.”
Selena sat back in the cramped seat, wishing she was back home, riding Rusty down the trail with Beth. 
Paul dropped them both back at the hotel. Both girls were staying in the same hotel, but on different floors. It was close to the studio—walking distance even—but Selena hadn’t got up her nerve to walk it yet. The sidewalks were filled with a myriad of tourists and strange people. She had even saw a guy dressed all in black leather, with green and orange hair standing straight up on his head. 
The hotel was nowhere near as nice as the one she’d stayed in for the photo shoot, but it was still very nice.
As she lay on her bed, Selena thought about the nastiness of the blond girl, Megan. She’d done nothing to deserve the rude remarks and embarrassment from Megan. Paul had said this was just the way of Hollywood and she finally decided she wasn’t going to let it bother her anymore. But, it was one thing to tell
herself that, it was quite another to just brush it off.

They began filming the following day. Shorter scenes that took place in the pseudo-house the set crew had built. Selena hit her marks very well and the chemistry between her and Paul worked great on camera. There seemed to be a spark between them, a physical attraction that hadn’t gone unnoticed by Don. Selena was feeling more and more at ease with her part and whenever she made a mistake, Paul was there to help. He seemed to make her nervous, yet put her at ease at the same time, with his roguish smile and easygoing manner.
Paul took Selena and Jennifer out for pizza after they finished for the day. “Good job today ladies,” he smiled his roguish smile as he stared at Selena across the table. His blue eyes sparkled with amusement as he watched her. He could see why Matt had fallen for her. Although Jennifer was a petite, dark-haired beauty, it was Selena who mystified him, with her quiet, sophisticated ways and her intelligent beauty. She seemed to him almost like the mystical goddess she had portrayed in the magazine layout. He had torn the picture from the magazine and kept it, staring at it occasionally as he thought of what a lucky man Matt was. But, he had kept himself to a professional level while he worked with her and he had treated both girls like just a couple of pals he hung out with. The three of them were becoming fast friends and Selena thought about it occasionally; she would never have dreamed through her teenage years, that one day she would be sharing pizza with Paul James, much less kissing him in a movie. Selena and Jennifer watched shyly as a group of teenagers swarmed on Paul, asking for his autograph and snapping pictures. Paul threw an arm lazily around Selena’s shoulder and leaned into her as he smiled for the group. “Smile for the cameras, Selena,” he said. “Before you know it, it’ll be you they’re chasing down the street.”
“No, it won’t,” Selena said, disengaging herself from Paul’s arm. “I have no interest in becoming a movie star.”
“Well, it’s happening, Babe, whether you want it to or not,” he said good-naturedly.

Matt called her that night and Paul James was
completely forgotten as she listened to Matt’s sexy voice 
on the phone. Her heart thumped against her chest as Matt told her how badly he missed her. 
“I really miss you too, Matt,” she said softly. “How long before you’ll be back here?”
“A few more weeks maybe. I know we’re getting close to the end.”
“Oh.” A few weeks sounded like an eternity to Selena. She wished Matt was here with her right now, holding her in his strong arms. Hollywood would probably be a little easier to take, if she had a true friend here with her.
They finally said their goodbyes and Selena hung up the phone and picked up her laptop. She lost herself quickly in the story of the two young lovers. It seemed so much easier for her to embroil herself into their fictional lives, than deal with her troubled feelings in her own life. She missed Matt horribly and she knew her heart belonged to him, yet why did she feel this strange attraction for Paul James? 
She wrote for several hours, losing herself in her characters, until she could barely keep her eyes open.
Selena continued filming every day, working long hours with Paul and Jennifer. They hung out after work, sometimes going for dinner, other times to one of the girl’s hotel rooms for a beer. Their picture appeared in more and more magazines, as the paparazzi learned which locations they frequented. They were always together in the pictures, the three of them laughing and joking together. 
But Matt saw the look in his friend’s eyes in the pictures, from his own hotel room in Canada. He noticed that Paul always seemed to be staring at Selena in the pictures. He called Selena more and more often, never mentioning his unfounded fears to her. He was finishing up filming in Toronto, but he didn’t know yet exactly when he would be free and he hadn’t mentioned it to Selena. 
Selena kept up her writing at night after talking with Matt on the phone. She was near the end of the story and she begrudged the time filming took away from her writing. She was deeply involved in the story of the two young lovers in her book. They had run away to be together, but were trying to survive with no jobs and no money. She had an idea of how it would end, but her stories always evolved as she wrote them; she never knew exactly what would happen. She was anxious now to finish this story and see how it would end. 
She was typing furiously on her laptop the following week after having pizza and sodas with Paul and Jennifer, when there was a knock at her door. She was startled as her mind was pulled away from the story of the two young lovers. She jumped off the bed and ran to the door, wearing only pajama bottoms and a thin tank top. She didn’t think about a robe as she opened the door, her mind was still deep in the lives of the two young lovers. 
Paul James was standing in her door, a six pack of cold beer in his hand. His eyes lit up when he saw Selena’s thin tank top and the roguish smile crinkled his mouth. “Sorry to bother you Selena, but I could really use a friend right now. My girlfriend, Sarah, just broke up with me over the phone.”
“I didn’t even know you had a girlfriend,” Selena said, her eyes growing wide. “I’ve never heard you mention her.”
“She’s been in Australia, filming a TV show…Please Selena, can’t you see I’m really
hurting here.”
She couldn’t actually see it—his voice sounded shaky and mournful, but his eyes looked glittery and excited. Was he high on something? Or maybe drunk? She wasn’t sure, but she opened the door tentatively and let him in. He brushed against her as he entered and Selena took a step back. Turning, she quickly grabbed a robe and threw it around her shoulders, tying the belt into place as she followed Paul. “Maybe I should call Jennifer and see if she wants to have a drink too?”
“No,” Paul said quickly. “I just need a friend right now, Selena. Not a kid sister.” He dropped down onto the edge of her bed and opened a beer. Selena pulled up a chair and sat in it, facing him. Paul offered her a beer, and Selena opened it, barely sipping at it. 
“It’s getting pretty late,” she hinted. “I was just going to bed.”
“I’m just all broken up inside,” Paul said, ignoring Selena’s hint. “I really thought she was the one.”
Selena saw a single tear roll down his face and she felt like a heel for her cold attitude. But really, what should she have done? She certainly didn’t want to give him the wrong impression. But she moved to the edge of the bed and put her arms around him, his apparent pain tugging at her heart. Paul put his head on her shoulder and held on like a drowning man. 
Selena rubbed his back as she consoled him. Poor guy, she was thinking. He must have really cared for her. 
Paul sat back finally and looked into her eyes, leaving one arm draped across her shoulder. “Why couldn’t she have been more like you, Selena? I think Matt is a very lucky guy to have snagged you up. You’re sweet, sexy and you have a good heart.” 
Before she could answer, Paul leaned toward her, his mouth dipping down to hers. Selena didn’t realize what was happening until his lips touched hers. She leaped back, jumping off the bed and backing away. “I think you should go now, Paul.”
“I’m sorry Selena, I just got carried away. I guess I was just trying to forget my pain in your arms.” He stood up, wobbling slightly as he walked to the door. Selena didn’t realize her belt had come untied and her robe had fallen open. Paul turned and leered at her as he opened the door, his eyes traveling down her body where the robe had opened. 
Selena had followed him to the door with every intention of turning the deadbolt behind him. 
As he held the door open and looked back at her, a flashbulb popped in her eyes. A burly man with a camera—paparazzi—she assumed, was standing just outside her door and the flash exploded again as she pushed Paul into the hallway and closed the door quickly. “I’m sorry Selena,” Paul was saying as she shut the door on both of them. 
Selena climbed angrily into her bed, her thoughts a jumble of confusion. Why had Paul come to her? He had certainly never mentioned a girlfriend before. And why had he tried to kiss her? Sure, she had kissed him onstage several times, but that was different. That was work, with a crowd of people around. She brushed her hand angrily across her mouth as she thought about it. Yet, angry as she felt, the kiss had excited her too. The chemistry she’d felt between them was undeniable in his kiss and she knew Paul felt it too. Maybe that’s why he’d come to her. Maybe he was attracted to her. She tossed angrily in her bed as she tried to sleep, and when sleep finally came, she dreamed of starring in a movie, the male lead slowly turning her face up for a kiss. But it was Matt’s face she saw, not Paul’s, and the kiss was electric, not some Hollywood crush, but a real kiss between lovers.
Paul seemed to be back to his usual self the following day. He laughed and joked with Selena as if nothing had happened. She had to wonder if he was hiding his pain or had he made the whole thing up to get in her room. He took both her and Jennifer to dinner and he laughed and joked as usual, but Selena thought she saw a sad, almost haunted look to his eyes. She was sure he was suffering and she felt bad for him. She silently forgave him for his bad behavior of the night before. She felt sure he was only seeking comfort in her arms to forget the pain Sarah had caused him. She declined his offer, however, to buy some beer and hang out with the two of them in the hotel. She said she was expecting a call from Matt in a few minutes. She could feel Paul’s eyes on her as she walked away. He does have the hots for me, she thought, her heartbeat accelerating. It was definitely flattering. It was Paul James, after all. She thought about the millions of teenage girls across the country that would love to have Paul James even look at them, and here she was, pushing him away. She shook her head, brushing the thought away. No, she was crazy about Matt—she wished he were here right now, not Paul James. She pictured Matt’s blue, blue eyes as she took the elevator to her room. She was just lucky Matt had even noticed her—any guy with his looks, and all his fans—oh, why couldn’t he hurry up and get here. 
Thoughts of Matt had caused her to forget Paul James entirely by the time she reached her room. She sat down with her laptop and picked up on her story where she’d left off, visions of Matt still dancing before her eyes. 
She hadn’t actually heard from Matt for a few days and she was hoping he would call. She knew he was super busy with filming in Toronto, but surely he could find the time for one quick call, couldn’t he? Maybe he’s found someone else—the unwelcome thought flew across her mind. No, she told herself. You’re just being stupid.
She forced her mind into the story she was working on, typing away until bed time, with still no call from Matt. She was engrossed in the story and typing away, when once again there was a tapping at her door. Selena sighed as she set her laptop down. She was not going to go through this with Paul every night. No way was she even going to let him come in this time. She yanked open the door angrily, once again forgetting to don her bathrobe. 
But, it was Matt’s beautiful face staring down at her, a happy smile on his face and the mischievous light in his eyes as he took in her skimpy top. Selena stared in shock for a full minute, then threw herself into his arms, tears running down her cheeks as he buried his face in her neck. Finally, she finally had a true friend nearby, someone she could count on in this harsh, strange land. She had forgotten how tall he was, as she held onto him tightly, her arms still around his neck.  
Matt finally walked her backwards, closing the door behind them. He still didn’t speak as he undressed her slowly and carried her to the bed. He made love to her slowly, aware of the fact that this was all pretty new to her. 
Afterward, he held her in his arms as they caught up on all that had happened while they’d been apart. Finally, he asked her about their first night together. “How come you didn’t tell me you were a virgin?” 
Selena felt her face flush as she lay in his arms.
 “I don’t know. It all just happened so quick, I guess I didn’t have a chance.”
Matt laughed softly in the dark. “Well, I’m glad I was your first. Did you enjoy it?”
Selena rolled over and sat on his chest. “Enough to do it again,” she whispered huskily.
“Oh, you’re a little vixen,” Matt said as he pulled her down to him, her long hair brushing his chest as they kissed passionately.
Afterward, they lay curled together on the huge bed, her head on Matt’s chest.
 “How’s the movie going?” he asked her. 
“Good, I guess,” she said. “I mean, Don says it’s going great, but it just feels awkward and disjointed to me.”
Matt chuckled. “Yeah, most people don’t realize how a movie is really made. Sometimes you’ll shoot the ending before the beginning.”
“Yeah, that’s how it’s been. And no matter how hard I try, I’m just not into it. I don’t give a crap about their movie.”
Matt chuckled and squeezed her tighter. “You’ll get used to it, Babe. Just hang in there.” 

Matt met the cast for dinner the following evening after they finished filming. He and Paul were good friends, but he hadn’t met Jennifer before. He was a welcome part of their easy camaraderie as they laughed and joked over sodas and pizza. They looked like two couples out for dinner and Selena held Matt’s hand under the table. They all smiled and laughed when a photographer stepped in front of them and snapped their picture. “Paparazzi,” Matt said, smiling happily at her.
“I know,” Selena answered. “You get used to it.” 
“Wow.” Matt’s eyes grew wide. “I thought that was my line.”
“It is and you can have it. I’m still not too crazy about this whole Hollywood scene. I miss my wide open spaces.”
Matt put his big hand over hers on the table and squeezed it gently. “I know,” he said softly. “It’s one of the things I like best about you.”
The other two were forgotten momentarily as Matt stared deep into her eyes. Indeed, the entire world seemed to fade away as she lost herself in his intense stare. The traffic sounds faded away for a minute and the noisy conversations around them dimmed as she saw the love shining out of his sexy blue eyes. She even forgot about the paparazzi, who was still snapping pictures, as she lost herself in Matt’s eyes.
“Hey, did you two forget we’re here,” Paul joked, breaking the moment. Selena came back to earth as the noises filtered through again. 
She watched in contentment as Matt joked with Paul and Jennifer, his charm too much for anyone to resist. She felt whole now that Matt was here, as if she could take on the world. 
Even though Paul was laughing and joking with the group, Selena noticed occasionally a sad look cross his eyes as he stared at her and Matt. She wondered if it was just the thought of the love he had lost, or was it something more? Was he really that attracted to her? No, it couldn’t be, she finally decided. It was ridiculous to think that here she was, a nobody, from nowhere, and she had two Hollywood movie stars falling for her. Get real, she shook her head, banishing the thought.

Matt stayed with her in her room, and night after night she slept peacefully curled in his strong arms. They could have stayed at his home in the Hills, but her room was only blocks away from the studio. He even walked her down to the studio each morning, kissing her before leaving her at the door.
She’d had no more trouble from Paul since Matt’s arrival. He’d went back to treating Selena on a truly professional level as they worked together each day. But yet, Selena would sometimes see a sad look in his eyes, almost a longing, as he stared at her. It still left her feeling confused; how could he possibly be interested in her?
She had finished the story she’d been working on and Matt encouraged her to send it off. “You have to keep trying,” he reminded her again and again. 
“I will,” Selena said every time he brought it up, but she kept procrastinating, afraid of being hurt by more rejection. She allowed Matt to read her story while she was working. Which was a new one for her—her friends and family weren’t even aware of her writing—she had certainly never shared her stories with anyone. 
Even though it wasn’t the type of book he usually read, he found it fascinating. Her plot and her characters were so well laid out, he felt as if he was walking in their shoes. He recognized a real talent in her writing and he pushed Selena even more after he finished it. “It’s really fantastic, Selena. You have to send it off.” He thought now he understood why she was more interested in writing than acting.
“I will. I will,” she answered each time he brought it up.
“How many more stories have you written?”
“Total? Or just what’s good enough to publish?”
“Both.”
“Well, I’ve been writing since I was a kid. I have notebooks full of short stories in my closet. But I have fifteen manuscripts on my computer at home, several of which are the detective series. I’ve only recently sent anything to a publisher and it’s been a string of rejection letters.”
“Well, you have to keep trying, Selena. It’s the same with acting. I was waiting tables and going to auditions, where I was being turned down for every part. I was just about to give it up and look for a different line of work when I finally landed a part. The movie turned out to be a success and…well, I guess you know the rest of the story.”
Selena felt a lot better after he told her his story. She had never thought of Matt as poor and waiting tables. It made him seem more human to her and gave her hope for her own future. “I’ll send it in, I promise,” she told him again.

The following week, Selena was shocked when Matt entered her hotel room and threw a magazine on the bed by her. “What is this, Selena?” She was surprised at his angry tone and she had no idea what he was talking about. She set her laptop to the side as she looked at the magazine.
Matt began flipping through pages and stopped when he came to a picture of her and Paul. It was the picture the paparazzi had snapped from her hotel room door when she was trying to push Paul from her room. In the picture, her pajama pants and tank top were pretty evident, but it looked more as if she was hugging Paul than pushing him from her room. The caption almost brought her to tears.


A CAREER JUMPSTART?

It implied there was something going on between her and Paul. She couldn’t believe they could be so cruel. She went on to read the lines below the picture.

In a short amount of time, actress/model Selena Summers has 
been seen out with Matthew Mason and now Paul James. 
Sources have even told this magazine that she may have 
been intimate with Don Broward. But everyone has to 
start somewhere, right?

Selena felt the tears roll down her cheeks now as she read the hurtful words. How could they be so mean? The injustice of it was unbelievable. “Can’t I sue them for defamation or something?” She asked Matt, sniffing through her tears.
“They will just claim freedom of the press.” Matt’s voice was a little less angry as he watched the tears roll down Selena’s cheeks. “It never works. Besides, what were you doing with Paul in your room?”
“He came to my room because his girlfriend had broken up with him. He said he needed a friend.”
“Then what happened?”
“He tried to kiss me and I threw him out. That’s when the guy snapped our picture. I was pushing him from my room.”
Matt looked as if he wanted to believe her, but was still unsure. “Why would they say that about Don Broward? He’s twice your age.”
“I told you about the blond girl, Megan. I replaced her in the lead role. She was telling the cast that I was sleeping my way through Hollywood.”
Matt laughed softly, somewhat satisfied but still uneasy about the picture of her and Paul. “Hollywood can be vicious,” he said, shaking his head. He hugged Selena then and told her not to let anymore broken-hearted men into her hotel room. He seemed to laugh it off, but Selena felt as if something had changed between them, as if the purity of their relationship had been tainted. She felt a stiffness in his hug, as if he were keeping his guard up.

Selena finished filming the following week and
Matt was flying to New York for interviews. He was promoting the movie he’d made in Canada and he left before Selena. 
She cried a little as they kissed goodbye and he promised to see her soon. Would it always be this way? They seemed to always be saying goodbye as one or the other boarded a plane.
Matt felt a tug at his heart when he saw Selena’s tears. It made him feel good that she cared this much. “I still have my car at the airport in Albuquerque, I have to come back soon,” he said softly.
“Well…hurry and come back,” she smiled through her tears.
They stood together, clinging to each other in the middle of the busy airport as travelers ebbed and flowed around them. Selena wasn’t even surprised anymore when a flashbulb popped in her eyes. Even now, she thought, as anger stirred in her stomach. Even in the middle of an intimate goodbye, they have to have their precious pictures?
Selena went back to her hotel, hugely depressed and tired of the city. She wished she could just give this up and run away with Matt. She hadn’t really minded filming the movie with Paul and Jennifer, and Don Broward was so easy to work with. He was like a father figure or a favorite uncle. But now, she understood what Matt had been telling her about the travel and the loneliness. She felt homesickness wash across her in waves as she thought of Rusty and the barrel racing season she was missing out on. 
She finally turned to her laptop and immersed herself in a new story. A story for young adults, about a young girl lost in the desert and trying to find her way home. She typed late into the night, immersing herself in the story and even forgetting to stop for dinner.
Selena’s agent called her the following day. Estelle was the lady Don had recommended to her. “I got a call from a modeling agency,” she began as soon as Selena answered the phone. “One of their agents, Michael, is anxious to meet you. Do you want me to set it up?”
Selena sighed heavily. More modeling? Seriously? She knew most girls her age would be thrilled to have these exciting opportunities, but she just wanted to go home, and she wanted Matt by her side. “I guess,” she finally said into the phone. At least the pay is good, she reminded herself.

Selena went the following evening to the restaurant where Estelle had told her she was meeting Michael. It was walking distance from her hotel and she strolled along the busy sidewalk, wishing she were somewhere else, or at least that Matt was here with her. She felt as if she had to force her legs to keep moving forward; she kept reminding herself of all that money. Although from the movie alone, she knew her college tuition was set, that is, if she could ever get away from Hollywood and go to college. She walked through Hollywood as a local now, ignoring the tourists, the sight of strange people in weird outfits, and even ignoring the paparazzi, when a man stepped out of a doorway and snapped her picture. She was an old hand at the madness of Hollywood now; Matt had been right…you just get used to it.
Michael greeted her warmly when the hostess left her at his table. He stood up and politely took her hand as he introduced himself. He was younger than she had expected and she was surprised at his handsome good looks. He was thinner than Matt, almost slim, but he had a beautiful face and tan skin with a shock of shiny, dark, unruly hair. She guessed he was Italian from his dark, handsome appearance. He leaned toward her as he talked and Selena was unsettled by his nearness. He told her he was interested in her becoming a model for his agency. “We do runway shows and catalog layouts,” he told her. “Estelle sent over still shots and I have to say, the camera really loves you.”
“Yeah, I wish I could say the love was mutual,” Selena said nervously. 
“Maybe that’s your magic,” Michael whispered as he leaned even closer. “You have a faraway look in your shots, as if your mind is on a long lost love or something. It adds a bit of mystery to your face. Beautiful,” he finished with a flourish. “I would love to photograph you,” he whispered, his hand on the back of her chair as he leaned ever closer. Selena felt nervous with his nearness and she was wondering how to scoot her chair away from him without offending him when a flashbulb popped in their eyes. She jumped as it startled her and she quickly pulled away from Michael’s smooth, mesmerizing voice.
He laughed softly. “Don’t worry, young Selena. As your star rises, you will have more cameras in your face than you can stand.”
“I already do,” she answered, a grimace replacing her nervous smile.
They discussed the modeling more over dinner and Selena was grateful when Michael attacked his food, giving her some breathing room. She didn’t give him any definitive answer, only telling him she would think about it. She declined his offer to walk her back to her hotel. She didn’t need any more paparazzi making her look bad. She walked back alone, her head down, staring at the sidewalk in front of her as she thought about the modeling job. Of course, she had no interest in it and it wasn’t just a one-time thing. She would be at their beck and call, flying back and forth from New Mexico whenever they needed her. She really didn’t want to do it, but it would be a steady job with a huge paycheck. How many other eighteen year olds just out of high school made this kind of money? I’ll do it. Just for a while. Just for the money. But everything in her body screamed that it would be a mistake. She still wasn’t sure by the time she reached her hotel and she decided to get Matt’s opinion first.

They wrapped up filming a few days later and Paul James had a party at his house to celebrate. 
Selena didn’t have any real interest in it, but she felt obligated to go. She was his leading lady, after all. She was shocked when she arrived and saw so many actors and actresses, hanging out and drinking. She hadn’t expected this many people to show up. She saw many faces she recognized from TV and from movies and even a few of the too-slim models she recognized from magazines. She walked past a group of girls, a glass of champagne in her hand, when she heard them giggle and glance her way. She looked back and there was the blond, Megan, with a circle of friends. “You know it takes more in this business than just sleeping your way into a part,” she said loudly as Selena passed. “I guess some people will do just about anything to get a lead role,” another chimed in and they all giggled. Be-otches, she thought to herself as her face flushed with anger. She wandered out onto the balcony, instead of slapping Megan in the face, which was what she really wanted to do. It was just unbelievable that everyone thought she was sleeping around, especially for parts in movies. Parts that she didn’t even want. For movies she didn’t even want to be in. She felt a tear trickle down her face as she slammed her hand into the balcony railing. Why didn’t they see that she had no interest in their stupid movie, their designer clothes or sitting in front of a camera all day. She made up her mind, then and there, to go home and have nothing more to do with this place. She would rather be poor and work her way through college, than stay in Hollywood and have everyone see her as a harlot. I’ll go and pack, she thought angrily. I can be on the first flight out of here in the morning. 
She turned to leave and there was Paul, blocking her way. “Hey Selena,” he said. “Congrats on finishing the movie. I think it’s going to be great, don’t you?”
“I guess,” she answered quietly. She kept her distance from Paul, watching him guardedly. He’d already got her in enough trouble.
“You’re going to come back for the opening, right? It’s an important event.”
“I hadn’t really thought about it,” she answered evasively. If she could get out of here now, she doubted she would ever be back, unless it was to visit Matt. 
“Can I just have a hug, one last hug before you go back to the desert?” Paul sensed her mood, and the thought of never seeing her again caused a dull ache in his chest.
She stared at him for a full minute, trying to judge his intentions. But all she saw on his face was the easygoing friendship they’d shared throughout filming. She walked toward him hesitantly and Paul wrapped his arms around her. She stayed wrapped in his arms for a minute, enjoying the kindness after the girls had been so nasty to her. She figured this was the last time she would see him since she was never coming back. She still felt the animal magnetism and attraction between them as he held her. It was like a live wire. An energy whenever they were near each other that was almost palpable. It was what had worked so well for them as lovers in the film.
“Look, she’s at it again.” Selena heard the shrill voice in the doorway and knew exactly who it was. The words were followed by giggles from the group of girls. 
She broke away from Paul and headed for the front door, setting her full glass of champagne on a table as she went. She could hear the laughter behind her and she slammed the front door, blocking the hateful sound. She wished she could block it from her mind as easily. At least it wasn’t paparazzi this time. She smiled ruefully as her driver weaved the limo through traffic. She couldn’t wait to put this city behind her and never return.

Selena flew home the following day, writing on the plane as usual. She almost cried in her father’s arms when he picked her up at the airport. She never thought she would be so happy to see her wide open desert, her family’s small trailer and her faithful friend, Rusty. She threw her arms around Rusty’s neck as she fed him an apple. “I won’t leave you again, Rusty,” she told him. “No more Hollywood for me.” No paparazzi, no nasty girls laughing at her, no smiling for a camera. Her simple, small town life had never seemed as sweet to her as it did now. 
Rusty rubbed his head on her as if in agreement, leaving a trail of apple juice across her jeans. 
“Nothing bothers you, huh Rusty?” she said as she scratched his withers. “You could be in a hundred movies and they can say anything they want about you, as long as they give you an apple.” Rusty tossed his head, as if in agreement, as he munched his apple happily.

Selena finally sent her new manuscript off to a literary agent the following day, the one she had finished in L.A. Matt had still been bugging her to send it off, but she just hadn’t had the time. Now that she was done with Hollywood, she thought she could really concentrate on her writing. She decided to try only one agent at a time, instead of having an inbox full of rejection letters. The pain and unhappiness of Hollywood was still too raw to be able to handle another pile of polite rejection letters.
 Matt called her each evening when he returned to his hotel room. He was almost finished with his interviews in New York and planning to stop in Albuquerque on his way back to L.A. She sat in front of the TV with her parents every evening, watching Matt give interviews on several different talk shows. He always seemed so smooth and charming in front of the cameras; she wondered how he did it. She was sure she would be a nervous wreck if it were her. 
She watched her email day after day with no results. She knew some of the literary agents didn’t even bother responding at all if they didn’t like the work. She was beginning to assume that must be the case. Maybe she should send her story off to another agent? How was it possible that this business was so hard, while acting and modeling gigs were being thrown at her? She knew it could take years before she could ever get one of her books in print. She sighed as she contemplated it. She should be happy, she was one of the stars of a movie that would be coming out soon; Michael Sabatino’s office had contacted her twice, urging her to accept a modeling contract, and she would see Matt soon, as he passed through on his way back to L.A. Then why did she feel so troubled? Why did she have to be torn between what she wanted to do and what was being offered. She suddenly wished she could start this summer over. If she could go back and never be an extra in the movie with Beth, then she wouldn’t be in this position now. But you also wouldn’t have met Matt, she reminded herself. She finally decided to stop thinking about it altogether, at least until she could discuss it with Matt. But, she felt sure of what he would say. Take the modeling job and write your books, she could just hear him now. You’ll get used to it. She knew he would tell her that too, but what if she didn’t want to get used to it? But it’s a huge amount of money, Beth’s voice ran through her thoughts too. And you’ll be a movie star. And maybe even a supermodel. Who cares, she heard herself respond. She shook her head, determined to shake the thoughts from her mind.




Chapter 20



Selena’s cellphone rang the following day as she was driving to Albuquerque to meet Matt at the airport. She assumed it was Matt; maybe his plane had landed early. “What’s up?” She said happily into her phone.
“Selena Summers?” Selena was surprised to hear a lady’s voice on the phone.
“Yes?”
“My name is Rose Dalton. I’m with the Morgan/Helm Agency. Are you the Selena Summers that’s been in the magazines? From Hollywood?”
“Yes.” Selena had no idea who this person was or where this conversation was leading, but she was prepared to give a flat refusal for any modeling or acting offers.
The lady took a deep breath. “I have your manuscript in front of me. I read the whole thing the other night. I couldn’t put it down, it was so entertaining.”
Selena slammed the brakes and whipped the car off the shoulder of the highway, as horns honked behind her. Her hands were trembling as she held the phone. “Yes?”
“I sent a letter off to a publisher with an excerpt from your manuscript and they are prepared to make you an offer.”
“Yes?” Selena’s voice trembled now along with her hands. She thought soon she’d be able to say more than just ‘yes,’ but it was all she could manage at the moment. Her heart was pounding against her chest and her stomach felt a little sick. Could this possibly be it? The phone call she’d so desperately hoped for?
“The editor, Sam, would like to meet you to discuss a contract,” Rose continued. “Is there any chance of you coming to New York, maybe within the next week, for a meeting?”
“New York City?”
Rose laughed. “Of course, New York City. The Big
Apple.”
“Yeah, I can come there,” Selena’s voice had grown stronger over the sound of traffic whizzing by on the interstate, but she could feel her palm sweating as she held the phone.
“Call me and let me know when and I’ll set it up with the editor?”
“Okay.” Selena’s sweaty hands shook as she hung up the phone. She sat on the shoulder of the highway for a few minutes, waiting for the rush of adrenaline to subside. Her hands were actually trembling. She held them in front of her face as she thought about it. Was she dreaming or did this just happen? It certainly felt like a dream. One of her ridiculous fantasies, where she had a bestselling novel and thousands of fans. This is how I was supposed to feel, I guess, with the modeling and acting, she thought. Excited and exhilarated. She couldn’t wait to tell Matt! She threw her car into gear and pulled back onto the highway.
She drove the rest of the way to the airport, barely able to focus on the road ahead of her. Her mind was a turmoil of emotion and she still had trouble believing it had really happened. She was afraid she was going to wake up and realize she was dreaming. She looked at the caller ID on her phone as she walked into the airport, staring at the strange number from New York City. It had been real. “I’m going to New York to meet with an editor,” she said aloud as she boarded the escalator, still moving as if in a dream. 
She stopped walking and watched as Matt walked toward her, carrying one small black bag. His striking good looks still took her breath away and she noticed other women make furtive glances toward him as he walked. He walked tall and proud, a smile lighting up his face and his blue eyes twinkling when he saw Selena. She ran and jumped into his arms, squealing, bubbling over with excitement. She was pretty sure this was one of the happiest days of her life.
“Whoa, I’m happy to see you too,” Matt chuckled as he set her on her feet. Selena noticed other people glancing toward them as they passed. They were making a spectacle of themselves, but she didn’t care.
Selena described the call she’d had on the way to the airport, her face flushed with excitement. Matt picked her up off her feet and swung her around the middle of the airport as passersby stared and smiled. “I told you it would happen,” Matt said excitedly. “I knew when I read it, that book had a lot of potential. Let’s go out and celebrate.”
“I’m not dressed for it,” Selena glanced down at her jeans and cowboy boots.
“Neither am I, but let’s do it anyway.”
“Okay then,” she smiled happily. “I definitely feel like celebrating.”
They picked up Matt’s car from the airport, which Selena thought cost an exorbitant amount after how long it had been there. The shiny black paint was a dull matte color from a heavy coating of dust. The desert heat had baked the interior and it felt like an oven when they opened the doors. Matt ran the air conditioning and they stood outside and kissed like newlyweds until the car had cooled down. “I’m so proud of you, Selena,” Matt said between kisses. Selena basked in his praise, a warm feeling washing over her as she stood in the circle of his arms.
As he drove, Selena held his hand tightly between them. She directed him to the top of Sandia Mountain, where a restaurant sat on the summit, looking out across the city of Albuquerque. The sun was setting to the west, turning the sky different shades of orange and purple. As the light faded, the city lights began to twinkle far below them. They were seated in front of the glass windows, with a beautiful view of the city below them. “It’s like we’re looking at it from an airplane,” Selena said happily. She had never been to this restaurant and she couldn’t believe the views she’d been missing her whole life.
They discussed her book over dinner. “I don’t really know any details yet,” she told Matt. “And I was so excited, I could only answer ‘yes, yes,’ to every question. I threw my car off onto the shoulder and sat on the side of the highway while I talked to Rose, the agent.”
Matt threw his head back and laughed merrily. “Well, congratulations, Selena. You’ve worked hard for this and you’ve earned it.”
“I was also offered another modeling gig before I left L.A.” Selena told him about her meeting with Michael and his offer of a job. “But I don’t want anything more to do with Hollywood. I don’t want to be a supermodel or a movie star.”
“You’d rather be a famous author instead?”
“I don’t know. I hadn’t really thought about being famous. I just want to be a published author and have people read my books.”
Matt laughed again. “God, I love you Selena. Acting and modeling fall into your lap when so many are struggling through auditions, but you turn it down to be a not famous author. You’re too much.”
“You do?”
“Do what?”
“You love me?”
“Of course I love you. I thought you knew that already.”
“I love you too, Matt.” 
Matt leaned across the table and kissed her tenderly as Selena’s heart swelled with happiness. She put both hands on his face as she kissed him back. This was, for sure, the happiest day of her life.
They were interrupted then, as a family of four stopped at their table. “Aren’t you Matthew Mason?” A young mother asked, holding the hands of a child on each side of her. “And Selena,” her husband said, admiration in his voice. “One of the guys at work had her picture in the break room,” he said as his wife stared at him.
Matt flashed his brilliant smile, the one Selena had come to recognize as his ‘public’ smile. “Yes, guilty as charged,” he said.
“Could I get your autograph,” the wife said, as her husband continued staring at Selena.
Selena felt herself blush as the husband snatched the notepad from his wife’s hand after Matt had signed it. “Yours too, Selena,” he said. “The guys at work won’t believe it.”
Selena laughed with Matt after the couple had left, each dragging a tired child by the arm. 
“I can’t believe anyone would want my autograph,” she said with a sardonic smile. 
“You’re becoming a star, Selena,” Matt said. “Whether you want to or not.”
“That’s ridiculous,” she said. “I am not.”
“You mark my words, young lady,” he imitated Don Broward’s fatherly tone. “You’re going to be rich and famous.”
Selena laughed, enjoying Matt’s antics, the 
embarrassing scene with the young couple all but forgotten.
Selena stayed with Matt in his hotel in Albuquerque that night. They only had two days together before he had to be back in L.A. and she didn’t want to waste a minute of it. They made love slowly that night, professing their love for each other. She slept cradled in his strong arms, content and happy with his love.
She cried again as Matt drove away two days later. It was getting harder to watch him go each time. But, she was flying out to New York the following day and she was hugely excited for a change, instead of the nervous knots of tension she had felt with acting and modeling. This is going to be my big break, I just know it. The sentence reverberated through her mind as she passed the time until her flight left.
Her parents had been shocked and excited when she told them about her books. 
“Why didn’t you tell us you were writing books?” Her father asked.
Her mother was unnaturally quiet as Selena blushed and mumbled an answer. She stared at Selena with a quiet look of joy and pride on her face. “I knew,” she finally said. “I was dusting your computer last year and the screen turned on. I guess you left your writing up on it. But, I didn’t read it,” she added quickly.
“It’s okay, mom. I’m sorry I never told you guys. I guess I was just a little embarrassed to let anyone read my stories.”
“But, won’t everyone be reading them now? Or is it another audition?”
“No, they will be published.” The words sounded strange to Selena’s ears as she said them. She was still in shock herself. “Well, at least one of them,” she continued. “I don’t actually have a lot of details yet.”
“Either way, we couldn’t be more proud of you, little girl,” her father said as he stepped forward and hugged her.
Selena basked in their praise, the complete opposite of the modeling and acting. She hadn’t even felt proud when she’d watched herself on TV, but having even one of her books published, this was something to be proud of.

Her planed touched down at JFK on a sultry afternoon and Selena took a taxi to the address Rose had given her. She was not used to humidity and she could feel her shirt sticking to her back as she watched out the window of the cab. And the heat was worse between the tall buildings. Everywhere she looked was only concrete and store fronts. The heat seemed to bounce off the concrete jungle in waves. She had thought L.A. was a huge city, but New York was unbelievable. The buildings were so tall and the streets were so busy. The sound of car horns echoed off the tall buildings as she stared around her. She could not imagine living here and fighting her way through the streets every day. Even the sidewalks were packed with people in business attire, carrying leather briefcases. She suddenly missed L.A. as she looked at the overwhelming scene. The cab driver hardly seemed to understand enough English to find the address she’d given him. She tried Spanish, but he didn’t understand it either. Where is this guy from, Mars? She thought as she finally tapped his shoulder and pointed at the tall building with the address Rose had given her etched into the front of it. 
Rose met her there at one p.m. and they shook hands, then went inside together. Selena felt a little underdressed next to the expensive business suit Rose wore. She was an elegant older lady with a few extra pounds, but she dressed and carried herself with a grace and style that Selena envied. She walked through the tall building as if she owned the place, self-assurance evident in her purposeful stride. 
They took the elevator to the fifteenth floor and stepped out into a lush lobby. A receptionist took their names and ushered them into a meeting room with a long table down the center.
A handsome, well-dressed man entered the room shortly and shook both their hands. “I’m Samuel Cage, but everyone calls me Sam,” he said. “And you are Selena Summers. I recognize you from the magazine ad. And several other pictures in the magazines lately.”
“Rag Mags,” Selena said angrily, her face reddening. 
“Excuse me?”
“That’s just what everyone calls those kinds of magazines, Rag Mags. There’s not much truth to them.”
“What is the truth, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“The only thing they’ve reported correctly is that I’m dating Matthew Mason.”
Sam smiled, as if he was happy to hear that. “And there’s also a rumor that you’re starring in a movie with Paul James?”
“Yes, that’s also true.” Selena was confused. She thought she was here to talk about her book, not her unwanted movie career.
“Anything else?” Sam asked. “Any other movies or modeling?”
“There’s a movie coming out next week, but I only had a tiny part. Oh, and I was offered another modeling gig by Michael Sabatino, but I’m really not interested.”
“Well, Selena. I’ve read your excerpt, but I haven’t had time to read the entire manuscript. What I did read was excellent work and you’ve already been making a name for yourself in Hollywood, which really helps.”
“What does Hollywood have to do with my books?”
Sam laughed gently. “Well, Selena. We’re not just selling your books, we are selling you. And if people already know your name, you’re a lot easier to sell.”
“Oh, I guess that makes sense.”
“Now, tell me what else you’ve written.”
Selena described several of her manuscripts, plus
the one she was currently working on, where a young
girl was lost in the desert.
“Tell me more about the detective series,” Sam said with a smile. “And how many are there?”
Selena described more of the detective series starring Trish. “And I have five of them finished,” she said. 
“Oh, excellent.” Sam clapped his hands excitedly. “We want to move fast on this,” he told Rose. “While Selena’s still a hot item in Hollywood. And we’ll want a full page picture of her for the back cover.” He went on to discuss details with Rose, and Selena tuned them out as she thought about Matt. After this, she would be free to meet him in L.A. and stay with him for a while. She wasn’t looking forward to being back in L.A., but she couldn’t wait to see Matt again.
“Selena!” Sam clapped his hands together and Selena jumped as she came back to the present. “I was saying, do you have the manuscripts with you for the detective series?”
Selena reached into the bag by her feet and began pulling out manuscripts. She had the first two of the detective series in her hand and was about to pull out more when Rose put a hand on her arm, stopping her. She looked up at Rose with a puzzled look and Rose gave a slight shake of her head. Selena dropped the remaining manuscripts back into her bag and handed the first two to Sam as she said, “I don’t think these are very good. They’ve been turned down by publishers and agents all over the country.”
Sam laughed. “Don’t worry about that. It happens. A lot of bestsellers were first turned down by everyone in the country.” He smiled warmly at Selena, putting her at ease. “I’ll take a look at these today. Why don’t the two of you come back tomorrow, say…ten a.m.?”
“Sure,” the two women said simultaneously.
Sam stood up and gave each of them a warm handshake, smiling kindly at Selena as he took her hand. He reminded her a little of Don Broward with his gentle, friendly ways.
“What happens tomorrow?” Selena asked Rose when they were on their way down in the elevator. 
“Sam will have an offer for you and a publishing contract. But…you don’t have to accept anything right away. Sometimes it can take a while. I can haggle with him by emails if need be, even after you are back home.”
“Oh, okay.” Selena still wasn’t thinking about it as an income. She just really enjoyed writing and she wanted to see her books published. She had never considered writing as a business and making money from it.
She talked to Matt on the phone that night, describing the meeting to him. She described how Rose stopped her before she could pull out more manuscripts.
“Sure. Because she knows there will be a whole new contract for those. Well, congratulations, my love,” he said softly. “Sounds like you just have to work out the details.” 

Selena couldn’t sleep that night; excitement over a publishing contract was just too raw. She tossed and turned as she tried to relax, but to no avail. What had been her secret dream for so many years, was actually happening. She had to keep reminding herself that it was actually real; she hadn’t dreamed it and it wasn’t just one of her fantasies.

Selena returned with Rose to Sam’s office the next morning. They were ushered into the same meeting room from the day before and, when Sam entered, he had Selena’s manuscripts in his hand. Uh, oh, he must think they suck and he’s returning them to me, she thought dejectedly. Sam took each of their hands again with a warm handshake and a smile, then he pushed a packet of papers across to Rose, where she studied it, then passed it to Selena without a word or a smile. Selena was confused as she stared at the papers. It appeared to be a publishing contract, but Selena was confused by all the numbers and legal jargon.
“I’ll just give you two a little time,” Sam said. He left the room and closed the door behind him. 
Rose pulled the contract back to her side of the table and studied it closely. “No, this is unacceptable,” she said as she leafed through the papers quickly.
“Could you explain it to me?”
“He’s offering you an advance of two hundred and twenty-five thousand for three books and the promise of one more of the detective series, and only ten percent royalties. Unacceptable.”
“That sounds great to me,” Selena said. It sounded like an enormous amount of money to her. Maybe not as much as she’d made from the movie she’d just finished, but this wasn’t Hollywood either.
“Trust me Selena, it’s unacceptable.” Rose opened the door and called Sam back into the office. With a stern face, she pushed the contract toward him. “Three fifty on only these three books and fifteen percent,” she said, looking Sam squarely in the eye.
Sam stared back at Rose, unmoving. They were locked in a silent death stare for what seemed like an eternity, then Sam finally broke the stare. “Alright,” he said with a sigh, “but I want a three city promotional tour right away. I want to expedite production of the first novel.”
“Done,” Rose reached across the table and shook Sam’s hand firmly.
“You always were a tough negotiator, Rose.” Sam’s face lit up as a smile creased his mouth. “You’re one of the best.”
Selena watched as Rose smiled back, the tension in the room easing considerably as the two of them relaxed. Obviously they had battled each other before over contracts.
As Sam took Selena’s hand in a firm grip, his face relaxing as he smiled at her, Selena asked quietly, “what cities?”
“New York, Chicago and L.A., let’s start from here and work our way west.”
“Okay,” Selena wasn’t positive of exactly what she was agreeing to, but she understood one thing; her books were going to be published! Her lifelong dream of becoming a published author was becoming a reality. And all that money. That was a benefit she had never even counted on. Would it be possible to make a living writing her stories? Something she would have done anyway, just for the sheer love of writing. She had never considered making a living at it. 
She waited with Rose in the meeting room while Sam drew up the new contract. When he returned, he had her sign her name over and over again, page after page, while Rose looked over her shoulder.
Sam promised to be in touch with Rose for dates to be back in New York. “I want to do it soon,” he said. “We’ll do a pre-production tour and another tour after the release. Let’s get on the publicity while she’s still a hot item.”
Rose agreed and Selena followed her back down in the elevator. “What do you think?” Rose asked.
“I’m excited to finally get my books into print,” Selena said, her voice portraying none of the excitement she felt. She’d save that for Matt. 
“How about the amount? Are you satisfied with three hundred fifty thousand?”
“Yeah, it’s unbelievable.” Selena figured between this amount and the movie she’d just finished, she was now close to being a millionaire. It was a staggering sum for an eighteen year old. In her wildest dreams she couldn’t have conjured up the turn of events her chance meeting with Don Broward had led her to. “What will I have to do on the tour?”
“Give interviews, radio shows, that sort of thing. Then after the book comes out, more interviews, book signings.”
Selena’s stomach tightened into knots at the thought. She wondered what she’d just signed herself into. She hadn’t thought publishing her books was going to involve her still being in the public eye. She’d thought she was finished with looking into a camera.




Chapter 21



Selena flew back home with mixed emotions. She was jubilant about the publishing contract. A dream she’d had for so many years had finally come true, but she was nervous about giving interviews on TV and radio stations. Matt had seemed so relaxed and charming when she’d watched him on TV, but she didn’t think she would ever be able to do what he did, nor did she really want to. She decided to ask Matt about it when she talked to him; he could probably coach her through it. She felt better after that and she watched as the Sandia Mountains and her beautiful desert came into view as the plane touched down in Albuquerque. She breathed a sigh of relief when she left the airport and picked up her small red car. Why couldn’t she just stay home and write her books and ride her horse? She felt as if she were being pulled further and further away from what she really wanted to do. She had no interest in the business end of writing and she’d had enough publicity already to last a lifetime.
Matt was the only bright spot in her unhappy thoughts and she looked forward to his call each day. At least she would be with him soon, when she did interviews in L.A. 
She grabbed for her cell phone when it rang that evening. She had been trying to concentrate on her new novel, the one she’d been working on in L.A., with the young girl lost in the desert. But too many thoughts were swirling through her mind, making it difficult to concentrate on writing. Usually she became so embroiled in the story, she forgot where she was for a while. 
“Hey,” she answered happily when she saw Matt’s name on the caller ID. 
“We need to talk,” Matt said. She had never heard the tone in his voice like she heard now. He sounded sad, maybe even angry. 
“What’s up?”
“Have you read this week’s rag mags?”
“Of course not, you know I don’t read that trash.”
“There’s a nice picture of you and Michael Sabatino looking pretty cozy at a restaurant.”
Selena paused for a second, trying to recall the name. “Oh, the modeling agency,” she said.
“I was over at Paul’s house this evening and Megan showed it to me. She said you were flirting with Paul every day during filming and she hinted at other men. And this picture kind of backs up what she said. It sure doesn’t look like a business meeting, Selena. You two look awfully cozy in this picture.”
“She’s lying,” Selena raised her voice. “She hates me because I took the lead role away from her. I told you about her.”
Matt read the article to her, anger evident in his voice. 


Selena Summers strikes again.

This time it appears her target is Michael Sabatino of the famed Chez Chic modeling agency. Sources reveal that she’s working her way through Hollywood, from Matt Mason to Paul James and now Mr. Sabatino, who everyone in the business knows is quite the Ladies Man. Who will be next? Lock up your husbands, ladies!


Selena was crying by the time Matt finished reading. She was sure their ‘source’ was Megan herself. “You know none of that is true,” she said through her tears. She couldn’t believe how hurtful it was, hearing those things about yourself and knowing the entire country would be reading them. And how about her friends, her parents, kids she had gone to school with and barrel raced with. Would everyone perceive her now as a husband-chasing slut? It just wasn’t fair!
Matt stared at the picture of her and Michael as he spoke, his anger barely controlled. He wasn’t sure what to believe, and Megan had sounded so convincing as she described Paul and Selena together. She had even told him how she had caught them in an embrace on the balcony at the wrap-up party and Megan’s friends had backed it up. They had all seen it too. “I’m sorry Selena. You were so pure when I met you; now it seems like you’re turning into another of these Hollywood girls. And these nasty stories reflect badly on me too, you know.”
“What are you saying?” Selena cried into the phone. The injustice of it all was unbearable. He had to believe her.
“I think we should take a break.”
“As in, you’re breaking up with me?” Her voice trembled as she spoke.
“I’m sorry Selena.” 
“Wait, Matt.” The phone was silent and she took it from her ear and stared at the screen. Matt had hung up. Selena dropped onto the bed as she sobbed. How could he believe those magazines? And that horrible little blond, Megan. Selena wanted to tear the blond hair from Megan’s head. She tried calling his number back, but it went straight to voicemail. Matt had turned his phone off. Selena curled into a ball on her bed as she cried. None of this had been worth it. She wished she’d never even seen Hollywood. She’d told Matt she was done with it. Why couldn’t he believe her? She would rather have Matt’s love than any of their movies or modeling gigs. She finally cried herself to sleep, still curled into a ball on her bed. 

She tried calling Matt every day. She left numerous voicemails, but to no avail. He wouldn’t take her calls, and he didn’t return her calls, either. Selena moped about the house, too upset to write or even to go for a ride on Rusty. She spent most every day in her room, thinking about Matt. Her mother sensed something was wrong and tried to draw her out, but Selena didn’t want to talk about it. It hurt too much to even say Matt’s name. She was barely eating or sleeping and by the time she left for New York, she looked worn out and haggard, with dark circles under her eyes.
She went on several local talk shows in New York, answering questions about her book. It would be out in two months, she told them. Each anchorperson always tried asking Selena about Matt, but she gave noncommittal answers. She didn’t feel nervous being on TV and answering their questions. She felt numb. Her whole body felt numb and exhausted and she just didn’t care. She smiled brightly for the cameras and seemed completely at ease, but the truth was she didn’t feel anything. Matt had left a gaping hole in her heart and even talking about her book didn’t fill it. She missed him more each day and the best she could do was smile brightly for the cameras and pretend she was enjoying it.
She made it to the interview of her fantasies. Fantasies that now seemed a lifetime ago. She sat on a stool across from her favorite anchor, Seth Roundtree, on her favorite morning news show. 
A makeup artist had expertly covered the dark circles under her eyes. She hadn’t had a full night’s sleep since the day of Matt’s phone call. 
“So, Selena,” the handsome anchorman was saying. “I understand you have a new book coming out and a new movie soon, starring alongside Paul James?”
“Yes, that’s correct,” she answered, a huge smile pasted on her face. “The book is called ‘Infamous Moments.’ It’s about two young lovers whose parents forbid them to be together. They run away together and—
“Yes, yes,” Seth interrupted. “And tell us, Selena, is there any truth to the rumors about you and your costar, Paul James?”
Selena’s eyes widened. Now she was more alert than she’d been in days. How dare he? She was here to talk about her book, after all. “No,” she said adamantly. “We are good friends, nothing more.”
“And you’ve also been seen out with Michael Sabatino in Hollywood. It’s even been hinted at, that this is how you broke into Hollywood. Tell us more about that.”
“There’s nothing to those rumors, either,” she answered angrily. “Look, I’m here to talk about my book—”
“Okay, that’s all the time we have right now, Selena. Stay with us folks,” Seth looked into the camera now as he smiled brightly. “Maria will give us an update on news from the middle east after the break, and Pat will be standing by with an update on the weather.”
Selena looked at the camera, her smile still frozen in place, until the off-air light came on behind it. Then she hopped off her stool, looking at Seth in amazement.
“Sorry Selena,” he said. “But news is news. No hard feelings, right?”
She didn’t answer as she stared at him for a minute, then turned and walked silently away.



Chapter 22



Matt spent most of his days pacing his mansion in the hills. He couldn’t concentrate on anything and he avoided all his friends. He had a break right now between movies and he just didn’t know what to do with his time. He tried reading, but he couldn’t keep his mind on anything. He thought about Selena day and night, his mind in a turmoil. His common sense told him Selena hadn’t slept with Paul or Michael, although he knew about Michael’s reputation, and Paul was certainly a playboy. He had been sure he could trust Selena, but yet he couldn’t get the picture of her and Michael out of his mind, with Michael leaning into Selena while he talked to her, his arm along the back of her chair. They had looked like a couple of lovers instead of a business meeting. And then there was the picture of her and Paul, with her in her pajamas as they stood in the door of her room. He’d seen the way Paul looked at Selena, drinking her in with his eyes. And Megan had told him she saw Selena in Paul’s arms on his balcony at the party. A white-hot rage of jealousy overcame him whenever he thought of it. But aside from all that, he’d fell in love with a poor little country girl and he was afraid she was turning into the same plastic Hollywood type he despised. He had been determined to forget her once and for all, but so far he’d had no luck. He stared at the magazine pictures of Selena with him, at the airport and all the places paparazzi had snapped their picture. He had the fantasy picture of her on the horse in a frame by his bed and he stared at it for a while every night before trying to sleep. He had picked up the phone a hundred times to call her, but he set it down each time, forcing himself not to call. He had ignored her calls when he was so angry, until they finally stopped, but now, he almost wished he hadn’t. He had fallen for her a lot harder than he had realized and he was hurting pretty bad as he did his best to get over her.

Selena flew to Chicago next, where she did another endless round of interviews on TV and radio shows. She was still numb and unable to feel nervous, but as each interviewer asked her about her book, Selena’s face would come to life as she talked about the two young lovers in her story. She had enjoyed writing it more than anything she’d ever done, and the two teenagers had come to life in her mind as they struggled through their lives, fighting for their right to be together. She didn’t give away too much to each interviewer, just enough to cause them to want to read the book. She didn’t know it, but millions of teenagers across the country had been following her story in the rag mags. The movie she’d made with Paul and Jennifer was due out the following week and now she had a book coming out soon too. Teenage girls were enthralled with her rags to riches story in such a short time and they had loved the magazine layout, with the mysterious girl on the fantasy horse. The perfume was flying off the shelves as Selena’s name became known in every household in the country. Teenage boys were falling in love with her beautiful face and her quiet poise as they watched her in interviews. They were already making plans to see her movie when it hit the theaters. And luckily, none of her interviews had gone as badly as the one in New York. She hadn’t even been able to watch the morning news show anymore. She was just too hurt and angry at Seth Roundtree. She hadn’t watched herself on TV, either. Her mother called her daily, telling her how wonderful she looked on TV and how everyone at work was talking about her, everyone in the town even. Selena put a bravado in her voice when she talked to her mom, but it was false—as false as the stories in the rag mags. She just wanted to go home and disappear back into her stories, far away from the public eye.
She still cried herself to sleep each night. She had given up trying to call Matt weeks ago, but her pain had never lessened. She moved through each day like an automaton, smiling politely for the cameras, but at night, she suffered silently in her hotel room. She finally picked up her laptop and escaped each evening, back into the world of the girl lost in the desert. The desert in her story was real, but also a metaphor for the young girl’s life. She wandered through sand dunes, searching for her way, just as Selena herself was searching for the path her life should take. The more she could bring the young girl to life and lose herself in the story, the more she could block out the pain of her own life. She didn’t realize it at the time, but her ability to bring her characters to life was why Sam had signed her book contract. Sure, it helped that she was already making a name for herself, but when he read an excerpt from each manuscript, he saw that Selena had a real talent as an author. She pulled the reader into her stories just as she pulled herself into them.

Selena flew to L.A. next, wondering if there was any chance she would run into Matt. She knew she couldn’t make him believe her and trust her, but she thought if she could just see him, maybe they could at least be friends. Not speaking to him at all was just too much; she felt as if it was literally killing her, as if she was being eaten away from inside. She had never know that a broken heart could be so painful. Not just emotionally, she felt physical pain in her stomach and she was barely eating. Her slim figure was becoming gaunt and her jeans were hanging loosely from her hips.
She went on several local TV shows in L.A., discussing her book with each interviewer. “I understand you have a movie coming out right away too,” Greg Stevens, from a local channel said.
“Yes, it’s called ‘Dream Legacy,’ and it also stars Paul James and Jennifer Waring.”
“So, tell me Selena, is it true what’s been said about you and Paul James? Is there a spark there?”
“No.” Selena forced her smile to remain in place. “Paul and Jennifer and I became great friends during filming, but nothing more.”
She politely turned the conversation back toward her book, keeping her smile frozen in place. 
Matt was flipping through channels in his living room, his mind still on Selena, when he saw her face. She was larger than life on his big-screen TV and the remote control slipped from his hand and slid across the floor as he stared. He could see that her smile was not genuine and he could tell from her eyes that she wished she were somewhere else. He smiled as he watched her. She had so much mystery in her huge violet eyes, he could certainly understand why every man she met quickly became smitten. She didn’t need the white dress or the horse; she gave off a mystical aura regardless of her setting. Her eyes still had the faraway, dreamy look to them. As if she were looking into a different time and place. It lent an air of mystery to her that he found very alluring. As he watched her on TV, he found himself falling in love with her all over again, as he knew most young guys across the country must be doing right now. He caught himself flipping through local channels over the next few days, searching for a chance to see her again. 

Paul called Selena when he found out she was in town and he took her and Jennifer out to dinner. They slipped easily back into their friendly chatter, joking and laughing over dinner. Paul could see that even though Selena showed an outward smile and laughter, it never reached her eyes. He still found her attractive and he held her tight when he dropped her at her hotel after dinner. “I know you’re going through some hard times, but I’m here if you need to talk,” he whispered in her ear as he held her.
“Thank you Paul,” she said. “It’s good to know I have real friends.”
He left her at the hotel and took Jennifer home. Selena went back to the story she was working on. She was typing away on her laptop when she heard a knock at her door. She opened the door a crack, with the safety chain in place, until she saw Paul’s smiling face. She quickly removed the chain, opening the door for him. She wondered as she let him in, if this was going to be a repeat performance of the last time, when she’d thrown him out of her room. 
“I thought you might like a beer,” Paul said as he sat on the edge of her bed. “No funny business, you just seem like you need a friend right now.”
“Um…yeah, okay.” She knew he was right. She did need a friend. Someone who knew that the stories about her weren’t true. She opened a beer and gulped it quickly, feeling almost dizzy as it quickly took effect. They chatted easily as they each had another beer, then Paul asked her about Matt and he saw her shoulders stiffen. 
“I can’t believe he would pay attention to those stories,” she said. “I thought he knew me better than that.” She told him what Megan had said to Matt and how angry Matt had been and, as he watched her face, he saw huge tears roll down her cheeks. She quickly dipped her head, her long hair hiding her tears. Paul slipped his arm around her and pulled her into his chest as she cried. She hadn’t talked to anyone about Matt and the weeks of pent-up emotions tumbled out in a rush as she leaned into him and cried. Paul handed her a tissue and she finally dried her eyes. He put his hand under her chin and turned her face up to his. “It will get better, Selena. Soon the magazines will be onto another story, someone else’s life to ruin, and they’ll forget all about you.” He stared into her eyes, which still had a glassy look after her tears and a sadness that made her seem even more beautiful and mysterious. He leaned down and kissed her before she knew what was happening. Selena was kissing him back before she realized it. She was responding to the chemistry they’d always had between them, but even more, she was responding to a friend, a closeness that she had been without. It felt so good to have someone hold her and kiss her after weeks of loneliness and visiting city after city by herself. They kissed for a couple minutes, until Selena came to her senses. She put her hands against Paul’s chest and pushed him away. “I’m sorry Paul, I can’t,” she said. She stood up and walked to the windows, her back to him. Paul sat on the bed, trying to quell his emotions. He had seen his opening with Selena, sure that he had a shot now that Matt had broken up with her. 
“I’m sorry Paul, but it’s not going to happen,” she said, her back still to him. 
“You really love him, huh?”
“Yes. Even though he doesn’t want me, it will never change how I feel about him.”
Paul walked over and put his arms around her, hugging her tightly. “I understand, Selena. I’ll be your friend, okay?”
“Thank you, Paul.” Selena said, feeling the tears coming again. “I really need a friend right now.” 
They sat down and opened another beer as Selena described what she’d been through, with horrible TV interviews and modeling offers.
“And what do you want to do?” Paul asked.
“I don’t even know anymore. I’m not interested in modeling or acting; I guess I can deal with the interviews that go along with promoting my books. I just want to go back to my small town and ride my horse and write my stories, and yet, if Matt wanted me, I would want to be wherever he is.”
“Would you like me to talk to him for you?”
“Would you?” Selena’s eyes brightened at the thought. If there was any way to make Matt see that she was trustworthy, she was willing to give it a shot. And Paul could tell Matt the stories weren’t true.
“I’ll make him see the truth. He’s never believed all the garbage those magazines print. Why would he start now?”
“Thank you, Paul.”
They hung out and talked for a while, slipping easily back into their friendly relationship. Paul left her finally, after promising again to talk to Matt for her. He stared at her longingly before he left, wishing he had met her first, before she’d had a chance to fall for Matt. Sure, he was a Hollywood playboy and he didn’t stay with one girl very long—but Selena—there was something different about her. Something that made him feel like he would like to settle down with one girl. Aside from her mystical beauty, she had a purity and an honesty about her that was hard to find in Hollywood. He wondered as he left her hotel, if maybe he was a little in love with her.

Selena flew home the following day, happy to be back to the peace and quiet of her desert. She took Rusty out for a long ride along the river, letting him pick his way between the huge cottonwoods. She cried silently as Rusty wandered along. She missed Matt so much; it had been weeks and the pain in her heart was as strong as ever. She thought about what her life might have been like if she had never went with Beth to be an extra in that movie. But then she would have never known how sweet love could be. Even though it hurt so much now, she wouldn’t trade the times she’d shared with Matt for anything.




Chapter 23



Paul banged on Matt’s huge door a few days later and rang the bell repeatedly. He was sure Matt was there, but was ignoring him. He had called repeatedly, but Matt’s phone seemed to be turned off. He finally walked around the house and climbed the stairs to the balcony. He found Matt sitting there, a warm bottle of beer in his hand and a bottle of whiskey by his feet.
“Why can’t I forget her?” Matt said by way of a greeting. “I’ve tried everything, but I just can’t seem to forget her.”
“Maybe it’s because you belong with her, buddy.” It was hard for Paul to say the words, his craving to be with Selena himself almost overshadowed his promise to talk to Matt for her.
He dropped into a lounge chair beside Matt. “You know all that crap in the mags is not true, don’t you?”
“I thought I did—I didn’t want to believe it, but there were just more and more pictures. And now this Michael Sabatino—you know his reputation. And did you see the picture? What kind of business meeting is that? Two people cuddled together on one side of the table.”
“Yeah I know the reputation he has. But I also know Selena—maybe even better than you—at least I’ve been spending more time with her than you the past few months, and you know what I’ve found out? She loves only you and she won’t even look at anyone else.”
Matt stared at his friend, his eyes bloodshot and haunted from lack of sleep, his hair tousled and his face scruffy and unshaven.
“Come on,” Paul said, standing up and going through the sliding glass door. “Let’s get you cleaned up and on your way to New Mexico.”






CHAPTER 24


Selena rode Rusty every day, sometimes with Beth, but most times alone, enjoying the peace and quiet of the river and the shade of the cottonwoods alongside it. Beth had invited her to the local rodeo this coming weekend and she was trying to get herself motivated to practice for it. She rode a little more every day, but she never did get around to practicing on the barrels. She just couldn’t seem to concentrate on anything and she was having more trouble than she’d thought with slipping back into her old life.
She went to the rodeo anyway, after Beth begged her on the phone. “You need to get out of the house, Selena. You’ve done almost nothing since you’ve been back.”
“Okay, okay.” Selena finally gave in. She loaded Rusty up on Saturday morning and stopped for Beth and Tripp on the way. They warmed their horses up in the large arena and Selena watched as crowds began filling the stands and even standing along the rails of the arena. She was near the last to have her turn at the barrels and she rode Rusty around at the back of the arena, keeping his muscles loosened up before making the mad dash through the arena. She heard her name over the intercom and she turned Rusty toward the gate. Rusty began dancing as she went through the gate with him, his weeks of pent-up energy seeming to break free in an instant. She circled him to the right and as he danced, she leaned forward and yelled, “Go.” Rusty was off like a shot and he turned into the first barrel beautifully, dropping his shoulder as he circled it. Keep it up, Selena thought, and we’ll have another first place. They raced for the second barrel and Selena slowed Rusty for the turn. He fought for his head, unwilling to slow down, and her knee hit the barrel, tipping it, but thankfully, she thought, it didn’t fall over. She leaned over the horse’s neck as they dashed for the remaining barrel, where once again she tried to check his speed. 






Chapter 25



Matt watched with the crowd at the railing as Selena and Rusty rounded the first barrel perfectly, then raced to the second barrel and almost knocked it over. He thought Selena had never looked more beautiful as he watched her long mane of dark hair mingle with the horse’s long orange mane. He couldn’t imagine racing that fast on a horse, only to spin it at that speed around a barrel. It looked almost magical to him, but Selena and Rusty made it look easy. He watched as they sped toward the third barrel—they seemed to have almost too much speed to make it around it. Slow down! He thought, otherwise Rusty’s gonna run too wide. He heard the crowd suck in their breath and he watched in horror as the girl and her horse spun around the barrel at top speed. He saw, almost in slow motion, Rusty’s feet slip in the soft dirt. Matt saw the barrel go tumbling away as Selena disappeared under the horse. He saw Rusty’s feet in the air as the horse rolled completely over, then he came back up onto his feet, shaking his head and looking dazed. Matt had moved without realizing it, climbing over the rails and running through the soft dirt toward the still form of his girl. 
Selena lay unmoving where she had fallen, on her back—staring at nothing. 
Matt was the first to reach her and he dropped to his knees beside her. “Selena,” he screamed. 
“Don’t move her.” He heard someone yell. Matt saw her eyelids flutter before he was pushed out of the way by EMT’s. Oh, thank God, he thought, at least she’s alive. He watched as the medics strapped a thick white collar around her neck, then carefully moved her onto a stretcher. They quickly loaded her in the back of an ambulance and Matt ran for his car, pulling onto the street behind the ambulance and keeping pace with it as it screamed through the sleepy town. 

Selena opened her eyes hours later and, as the room swam into focus, she saw first her mother in a chair beside her, and then she saw from the corner of her eye, her father, Beth and Matt sitting in chairs along the wall. “Matt?” Her voice was low and hoarse, yet the surprise was still evident. Her mother stepped out of the way and nodded her head at Matt. 
“What are you doing here?” Selena’s voice was a whisper as she stared at Matt.
Matt leaned close to hear her. “I came for you.”
Selena suddenly remembered the horrible crash. “Rusty?” There was a note of terror in her voice as she asked.
“He’s fine. Beth took him home. He’s back in his corral, but he’s asking for you.”
“What’s wrong with me?” Selena felt as if she couldn’t move, as if she were strapped to the bed. 
“You should be back on a horse in no time. Just a few broken ribs and a bruised spleen from the saddle horn. Rusty rolled all the way over you. You just need to stay here a few days so the doctors can keep an eye on you.”
“Why did you come back here?”
“I told you Selena, I came for you. If you’ll still have me?”
“You believe me then? Instead of the Rag Mags?” 
“I believe you, Selena. I’m sorry I was being such an idiot.”
“You were being an ass,” she said softly.
“I know, and I’m sorry,” Matt said as he kissed her lips tenderly.
Her family and Beth interrupted them then as they surrounded her bed, everyone talking at once.


Matt stayed with her the next couple days in the hospital, sleeping in the empty bed in her room. If Selena even moaned in the night, Matt was instantly awake and at her side. 
She received tons of cards and letters, from friends and family, but also from adoring fans that she hadn’t even realized she’d had. Someone in the audience had captured her spectacular fall on video, and it appeared on the internet and news stories around the country. Young people from all over the country were sending cards and letters by the thousands, wishing her well. 

Matt came home with her a few days later, sleeping on the couch in their small trailer. He took care of Selena while her parents went to work, even though Selena swore she could take care of herself. “I’m fine now, really.” She told him repeatedly. She was getting around okay, just slowly. She was stiff and sore from having a thousand pounds of horse roll across her, and her broken ribs hurt whenever she moved, but she felt perfectly able to care for herself. 
But truthfully, she was enjoying being pampered by him. She had thought she’d lost him forever and she was not going to let him get away again.
 “I love you, Selena,” he told her as she was drifting off to sleep. She felt too sleepy to answer, but she smiled in the darkened room as he took her hand and held it tight.

Matt finally left her alone for a while after a few days, saying he had to go into town for a few errands. Selena wandered slowly through the small trailer, feeling lost and alone without him by her side. He had been so unbelievably sweet and kind to her, tending to her every need. 
Now, she was missing him horribly, even though she knew he would only be gone a few hours. She knew he would be going back to L.A. soon and the thought almost brought her to tears. She paced slowly up and down the small space, wishing she knew what their future could possibly hold. She didn’t want to go through this repeatedly, she didn’t think her heart could take it. She wondered if she could stay with him in L.A. Anything would be better than the constant ups and downs they’d been through.

Matt was gone for several hours and Selena was beginning to worry, when she heard his car coming up the drive. He stepped out of the car and stared at her as she made her slow, painful way toward him.
 “I thought you were turning into one of the Hollywood girls I can’t stand,” he said as she came slowly toward him. “I can clearly see now how wrong I was.” She stopped, surprised at his words.
“You know I don’t even like Hollywood.”
“I do know that. You’re still the same Selena I fell in love with. The same one I’m still in love with.”
Selena went into his arms then, kissing him as tears rolled down her face. There was nothing she wanted more than his love.
Matt kissed her tenderly as she clung to him. “Hey, I have a surprise for you,” he said when she was finally able to unwind herself from him.
“What?”
Matt walked over to his car, her hand still clasped in his. He opened the car door and pulled out a folder filled with paperwork.
“What is that?”
Matt flipped the folder open, the mischievous smile back on his face and in his blue eyes. “It’s the deed to a ranch…near Santa Fe.”
Selena’s mouth dropped open as she stared at him.
“How? Why?”
“So I can be near you, silly. Of course, I’ll still have to spend some time in Hollywood, but I can be near you most of the time, and maybe someday, you’ll even want to live there with me.”
“I can’t believe you did this. And yes, I want to live there with you. I want to be wherever you are.”
Matt kissed her again, this time hungrily. “You want to go see our new ranch, my love?”
“You bet,” Selena said as a happy, contented smile crossed her face. Now, she truly had everything she wanted. Sometimes, dreams do come true, she thought happily.


If you enjoyed this ebook, please leave a review at your online retailer. You can visit me at:
karen-webb.com
Friend me on facebook
or email me sheilaofthejungle@yahoo.com







 








Please enjoy this preview of:

Dream of Echoes

An Amazon Breakthrough Novel Awards Contest Quarterfinalist

Coming Soon...


Chapter 1



November 6, 2010


I drove down Interstate Ninety from Seattle, then I cut off onto highway eighty-two and pulled into a gas station. I couldn’t get my credit card to work at the pump and I had to take it inside. 
“Evening,” the clerk said as I handed him my card. He was tall and slim with really blond hair, almost white. Even his eyebrows were a pale blond and his complexion was almost ghostly. “The future is in the past,” he said as he swiped my card.
“Excuse me?”
“True love is on the other side,” he said as he gave me a big smile and handed me back my card, displaying a row of perfect, even white teeth.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand.”  I thought maybe this guy was off his meds or something and I turned to leave. I was almost out the door when he spoke again.
“Enjoy your journey,” he said.
“Okay, thanks.” I waved politely and went on out to pump my gas. What a weirdo, I thought as I stuck the nozzle into the gas tank. I could still see him staring at me out the window beside his cash register. He seemed to be unmoving, just standing stock-still and staring at me. 
I quickly forgot the albino weirdo as I continued on my way, my mind drifting back across my mound of problems. I crossed over the Columbia River and into Oregon. The river here was wide and very deep with swift currents and I knew the water had to be barely above freezing. Of course, when wasn’t it? It was cold as a witches titty no matter what time of year it was. 
I saw a marina on the Oregon side as I crossed the old steel bridge. I quickly took the exit and pulled my car into the marina parking lot. The marina was empty this time of night, but there were lights on the docks that shone across the few pleasure boats moored there, reflecting off the river like huge yellow beacons. 
I’d heard on the radio as I drove down that tonight was the time change.                                                                                                         
“Don’t forget to set your clocks back one hour before you go to bed,” the cheery voice of the lady on my radio had been my only company as the miles flew by. “Remember, it’s fall back in the fall, spring forward in the spring,” she went on.
“Perfect.” I had just been forming an idea the last few miles and that old steel bridge looked perfect for it.  “I’ll do it just as the time changes,” I answered the cheery voice on the radio. “And backwards.” I nodded my head as I thought about it. I liked the irony. “Fall back in the fall.” 
I parked my car in the empty lot, put my wallet in the glove box, threw the car keys and my jacket on the seat and started walking. I took my shirt off as I walked toward the bridge and threw it to the side of the road. The cold breeze off the river sent shivers through me, but I kept going, climbing the hill up to the bridge. I was slightly winded by the time I reached it, the wind from the river making it harder to catch my breath. There was very little room between the traffic lanes and the old steel span of the bridge. I stayed close to the steel girders as I walked to the middle. I began climbing slowly up the steel span, which was easier than I’d thought it would be. There were small steel connecting plates running along the outer edge that made it relatively easy to climb. 
I was about halfway up when I saw two eighteen wheelers coming down the hill on the Washington side. It’s a steep hill and they were picking up speed as they came at me. I flattened myself against the cold steel of the bridge and hoped like hell they didn’t see me. I wasn’t interested in explain myself to anyone right now. I’d done enough of that shit lately, thank you very much. The trucks blew by me, side by side, big diesel engines screaming, and the wind from them almost caused me to fall. The old bridge trembled under me as they passed. I tightened my grip and resumed my climb. I pulled myself to the top of the span, sat down and kicked my sneakers off, watching as they hit the swift current below and disappeared. 
Would it be high enough? I had never done anything like this before so I really had no frame of reference. I crawled to my knees, then slowly to a standing position atop the steel girder. I stood looking down at the swift current until I felt dizzy. The wind was lifting my hair and it felt like the entire bridge was moving.  I stared at the dark, dark river below me for a couple of minutes as I stood there, swaying in the wind. It looked pretty far to the water from this height. I was beginning to think I screwed up with my hesitation. The longer I stood here, the harder it was to consider letting go and falling—falling on and on, my body tumbling head over heels—then the smack of that water. It would be like slamming into concrete, I was sure of it.                                                                                            
“Shit, I can’t do it.” I was about to sit down when I heard a man yell from the marina. I looked up and he was outlined under the yellow marina lights, waving at me from the deck of a boat. He yelled something unintelligible, but I could guess what he was thinking. I knew what I’d be thinking if I looked up and saw a guy standing on top of an old steel bridge in the middle of the night.                                                                                                  
“Dammit all.” I turned with my back to him, and to the river. There was no traffic on the highway in front of me now. 
I looked at my watch. It was a nice watch, the last thing Stacey had given me and I didn’t want to lose it. It was a white gold with a calendar and a backlight with a dark blue face. It was one minute past two a.m. on November 7, 2010.                                                                                                 
 I could still hear the man yelling at me. I risked a quick look back and he was running up the hill toward the bridge. I took a deep breath of the cold, wet air, let go of the steel girder and fell backwards toward the cold, dark depths swirling below me. 




Earlier that day


I was done with women. Forever. I had never had much luck with them anyway. I had thought I would spend forever with Jocelyn, my high school sweetheart. All I wanted was to settle down with her and start a family. But I guess she had other ideas. She ran off to California with my best friend. She wanted to be an actress, she told me. And she said I was trying to chain her down, that I was holding her back from her dream.
 I saw her on TV a couple years ago, walking the red carpet at the Oscars with my best friend beside her, flashbulbs exploding in their faces.
 Since then, it’s been a string of failed relationships. The latest, Stacey, I proposed to last year. I thought we were happy together. Hell, I had been happy, perfectly content in our little love nest in Seattle. Sure, we had our arguments, but what couple doesn’t, right?
Then I came home early from work last week and found her in bed with another guy. I wonder how long it had been going on while I was out on the road. It broke my heart; I had really loved her and wanted to spend my life with her.                                                                     
And maybe things would be different now if the trucking company had given me a route closer to home. Instead, I’ve been gone so much lately, my girl had to find comfort in the arms of another man. And maybe I wouldn’t have been in Phoenix last month if they would’ve kept me closer to home. I’m sure that minivan swerved in front of me on purpose so they could sue me and the trucking company, the bastards. No matter what I did lately, everything just seemed to be falling apart.
I had started with the company right out of high school. Working the docks at their warehouse in Yakima. Eventually, I’d moved up to driver, hauling fruit and vegetables all over the Pacific Northwest. Four years of loyalty I’ve given that company, then one accident and I’m out on my ass. Well, screw you all.  
I jumped in my car and headed east on ninety, then continued east on highway eighty-two, not sure where I was going, but certain a drive would clear my head. 
I had sat around the apartment the last two days, my thoughts as dark and gloomy as the thick, gray clouds hanging over Seattle. I had circled several jobs in a newspaper yesterday but I couldn’t seem to get motivated to call any of them or leave the apartment. Which I would probably lose now anyway. Stacey had taken care of the bills when I was away and it seems the rent was already two months behind, even before I lost my job. It only served to deepen my depression until finally I had jumped in the car and just started driving.
I had barely even slept the night before, so I probably wasn’t thinking too clearly anyway. I had dreamed I was falling. I know, we’ve all had that dream, right? Well, this time was different. Someone pushed me and I was falling, on and on, falling and falling. I woke up and sat up in bed and, I swear, I was still falling. I had to put a hand on each side of me to stop the fall. In my half-awake state, it felt like I bounced on the bed when I stopped falling, as if I had really been falling and had landed on the bed. I know, weird, right?




Chapter 2



I suddenly felt strong arms pulling me out of the river. I opened my eyes for a second, but it was pitch black out there, darker than anything I could remember ever seeing. But I thought I saw Indians in the second before I passed out. One on each side of me, a steel grip on each arm dragging me up the bank. I don’t mean Indians from India, or even the Native Americans that I’ve always known. No, Indians with long black braids hanging down a naked chest and buckskin breeches and moccasins. What the hell? It has to be a dream, I told myself.  I tried to raise my head, but pain shot through my brain and down my neck and I must have passed out.

When I opened my eyes again, I could see bright sunshine outside, beautiful dappled sunshine between the autumn branches of the trees. I’m still alive, I thought as I stared at the trees. Was I happy about that? I wasn’t sure yet; my head felt like it was packed with cotton, or like a massive hangover. But, I was pretty sure I was. I had changed my mind and was about to sit down anyway, right? Then why’d you do it? I asked myself. I don’t know, was the only answer I had. 
My vision was clearing as I came awake and I could see some kind of white canvas tent over me and I realized I was looking through a hole in the back of it at the river and country surrounding it. And my tent was bouncing up and down. I turned my head, looking at wooden crates and wooden boxes and round wooden kegs on each side of me. What the hell is this? I sat up quickly, too quickly. My head spun and I dropped back down, groaning.                                           
“Whoa,” I heard someone call out, and the bouncing subsided. I sat up slowly this time, still trying to get my bearings.
“Perhaps you should lie back, sir. You received quite a nasty bump on your head.” The voice was soft and sweet, but yet sounded different than anything I’d ever heard. I followed the sound, turning my head slowly so as not to start it spinning again. I put a hand to my head as I turned it. It felt like some sort of crude bandage was wrapped around my head. Was it a piece of a sheet or rag? I quickly forgot about my head as I looked at the most beautiful girl I’d ever seen, staring at me through a front opening of my tent. Our eyes locked for an instant. I swear she had the prettiest eyes I’d ever seen. They were icy blue with a dark outline circling the blue. There was a shiny, sparkly look to the blue. I wasn’t sure if it was excitement or mischief—or maybe her eyes just always sparkled—but they sure were pretty.
“What the hell?” I’m not sure if I said it out loud or only thought it. “Are you guys filming a movie or something?” She was wearing a bonnet like the women wear in western movies. I realized now—my tent was a covered wagon. A bronze skinned young man with shiny black hair braided down his back turned and looked through the opening. 
“Strange talk,” he said as he grinned at me.
“Yes, Acoose, he does use strange words. Yet I understood some of it.”
They got quiet as they stared at me and I could hear the silence. I know it sounds strange, but never in my life have I heard the amount of stillness I heard just then. I could hear the water of the Columbia drifting by beside us. I could hear the breeze rustle the leaves on the trees. A few birds were singing their chirping song. And that was it. The absolute quietness literally hurt my ears, like a buzzing sound running through my brain. 
I’ve driven along the Columbia hundreds of times, running freight out of Seattle and Portland to points east. I’ve stopped my truck and had lunch sitting on the bank of the river. There’s always the sound of traffic, trains, and trucks hauling logs. I thought maybe they had closed interstate eighty-four for filming their movie. God, the traffic tie-up would be a nightmare.
“We are bound for Oregon City. And you, sir? Where were you going when you fell in the river?”
“Oregon City? Why?” 
“We are going to the Willamette valley to start a new life. At least that’s where most of the immigrants on the Oregon Road are going.”
I looked at her, waiting for the punch line, but she only stared back, her blue eyes sparkling. I closed my eyes and rubbed my hands across them, then climbed slowly out of the wagon. My body felt stiff and sore and my head spun crazily as I stepped down. I put my hand up to it again, but the sheet or whatever it was, was in my way. I ripped it off, tossing it back into the wagon, then felt my head again. There was a pretty large lump on the side of my head and I felt a small gash when I touched it. No wonder I was so dizzy. I must have hit my head on something when I jumped in the river, but I certainly didn’t remember anything. 
There was another young Indian boy outside by the wagon, maybe fifteen years old. He had no shirt on, bronze skin glowing in the sun. He was wearing what appeared to be buckskin breeches and moccasins. Like the other boy, he had shiny black braids of hair hanging over each shoulder. His arms and shoulders appeared strong and wiry. He looked like he’d been spending six hours a day in a gym.                                                                                                                
“If you guys are filming a western, it looks like you’re being very authentic.”
“Strange talk,” was his only answer. I shook my head to clear it. But the pretty girl had said immigrants, hadn’t she?  What freakin’ immigrants?                                                                                                                 
“What the hell is this?” I said as I looked around me.  It had to be Hollywood, filming a movie, right? Yet something felt off—strange and different.                                 
When I felt the rocks of the road under my feet, I realized I was barefoot. I looked down. No shirt either. That’s right—I remembered now, I’d thrown my shoes and shirt away before I jumped. The only thing I had on was a pair of dark brown trousers.                                                                            Wait. Rocks on the road? I looked at the road, then looked back the way the wagon had come. Sure as hell, the road was dirt, rocks scattered here and there through it. Not even a regular dirt road either, with marks of plows and ditches alongside. More like a track, with grass growing down the middle of it. 
I looked around me, my head aching and my mind swirling. “This is the Columbia River, isn’t it?” 
The girl had got down from the wagon now and was coming toward me. She had on a pale blue dress that seemed tight at the top and fanned out as it reached to the ground. It made her waist look tiny. She was of a diminutive size, her head barely reaching my shoulder. Not like a hobbit or anything, just a young, skinny girl.
“Yes sir, of course it is.” She was looking at me like I was off my rocker. Then where the hell is interstate eighty-four? I shook my head some more, but it only made me feel dizzy. There was just the narrow rocky track here, the river on one side and the hills coming down to meet it on the other. It was surreal, it felt familiar, yet strangely foreign.
“My name is Kate Donovan. And this is Acoose and Ojibna. They hired on at Grande Ronde to drive the wagon for me.”
“I’m John Baker.” I took her small hand and shook it. Her hand was soft, yet felt work-roughened with callouses across the palm. “I guess I’m going to Oregon City too.” I really didn’t know what else to say. I had to get my bearings first and figure out what the hell was going on. If I was dreaming, hopefully I could wake up soon and end this confusion. I offered my hand to the young boys, but they only stared til I dropped my hand. I felt even more confused as I stared at them. What was their problem, anyway?
“You are welcome to share our wagon, Mr. Baker. I lost my husband crossing the Blue Mountains, I think his clothes should fit you.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. What happened?”
“He was driving the wagon down an enormous hill and it ran out of control. It rolled over a rather large stone and overturned. He was thrown from the wagon and he died later that night.”
“Holy Hell!” I’m not sure if it was sympathy for her or the realization that I had jumped off that bridge and seem to have landed in a wagon on the Oregon Trail! What the hell! How could this be? It felt like it had to be a dream. Yet, it all seemed pretty damn real. 
The Indian boy had started the wagon moving again and I walked with Kate beside it, my hand circling repeatedly across the large lump on the side of my head. Maybe I had a concussion and it was causing hallucinations.
“Could you tell me today’s date?”
“November seventh.”
“And the year?”
She gave me a strange look. “1847, of course.” 
“1847?”
“Yes, what year did you think it was?”
I thought maybe I should change the subject before I scared this poor girl. I felt pretty scared myself about then, like nothing was real. Maybe all of it was a dream, and I would wake up soon in my apartment, with Stacey in bed beside me.
“You said you might have some clothes I could borrow? These damn rocks are hurting my feet.” 
“Of course, Mr. Baker.” She turned and, before I could say anything else, she picked up her skirt, stepped up onto the tongue of the moving wagon and pulled herself in. 
Jeez, I shook my head and grinned. Tough girl. If she had missed a step, she would have been crushed under the wheel of the wagon. It wasn’t the huge wagons I remembered from pictures in school. This one looked more like an old farm wagon, like folks put in their front yard as an ornament or whatever. Except it was a little bigger and wider and the sides of it were built up higher. The white canvas top also looked newer than the rest of it, as if it had been added at a later time. The front wheels were noticeably smaller than the rear, but I’m sure if she would have fell under one, it would have crushed her.
She jumped back out just as quickly with a shirt and a pair of boots in her hand. She met my eyes again as she handed them to me. Her eyes still had a shiny, mischievous sparkle to them and a smile played at the corners of her mouth. I stared at her for a minute; I had a strange urge to kiss her. She had such a beautiful little round face, pale skin and a cute upturned nose with freckles on it. It’s a little pixie face, I thought as she stared up at me. 
She looked away finally and started walking again, but I caught her looking back at my naked chest a couple of times. I’m pretty broad across the chest and shoulders, just like my old man was. 
The wagon had never stopped its slow crawl, so I pulled on the shirt and boots as I walked, hopping on first one foot, then the other as I rammed my feet into them.












