Invisible Wings
By Janell Rhiannon

Copyright 2011, 2014 Janell Rhiannon
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher or the author. 
*
This book is a work of fiction. References to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or persons or locales, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. Certain characters have been named after real people who participated in a contest to have characters named after them.  The fictitious characters are not a representation in any way of their namesakes. 
*
1st Edition Goddess Guild Publishing 2011
Cover Design © by Regina Wamba, Mae I Design 
Edited by Melissa Ringsted, There For You Editing
*
Sojourner Truth’s speech is in the Public Domain.
Citation from History of Woman Suffrage, 2nd ed. Vol.1. 
Rochester, NY: Charles Mann, 1889., edited 
by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Ramon 
& Matilda Joslyn Gage 

Acknowledgements
I wrote this book because teaching teenagers breaks my heart on a daily basis for so many reasons. Those who have been in my classes will know what I mean by that…I can’t think of a more difficult thing than to be a teenager. Arabella speaks to youth in particular, hopefully encouraging everyone to love more, live more, and laugh more. To all of my students, remember: YOU make a difference in the world, whether you realize it or not. 

Dedicated to
Ethan & Kali
and
my Nonna
who taught me that angels
are everywhere watching us.
May she rest in peace.

Follow the Author
Janell Rhiannon @ Facebook
Invisible Wings @ Facebook 
janellrhiannon.blogspot.com
www.janellrhiannon.weebly.com
theravenangel@ Twitter

Chapter 1 
Lightness of Being
My mother sang the birthday song to me off key. When she finished, an awkward silence followed as I tried to think of an appropriate wish. The harder I tried to think, the darker the blank spot grew where I hoped an answer might surface. The pink birthday candles puddled on the icing at the base of each blazing cylinder of wax. I thought of generic wishes: world peace, save the polar bears…
“Go on, honey, make a wish.” 
“I know, Mom. I’m trying.” 
“Perhaps you could try a little faster?”
I sucked in a lungful of air. As I was about to liberate my wish with a flame extinguishing breath, I heard:
My name is Behiti.
I coughed out the air, leaving half of the candles still burning. 
“What?” I sputtered at my cat, as she stared at me with deep green eyes twinkling with mischief.
“What?” my mom asked. I quickly blew out the remaining waxy stubs and my mother clapped.
My name is Behiti, I said. Didn’t you hear me? my cat said with a sassy lisp, as she licked her front paw with a delicate pink tongue.
“I heard you the first time,” I replied.
“Heard me say what the first time?” My mom looked confused. 
“You can’t hear her?” I looked from the cat to my mother.
“Hear who?” My mom’s face suddenly wrinkled with familiar concern. “Are you hearing voices again?” she whispered in my ear. All my life, I’d heard things no one else seemed to hear except me. When I saw silver moonbeams, I heard a sparkling symphony. I heard melodic jazz in the vibration of my mother’s chest as she sang cooking food. I even heard music in the buzzing hum of light bulbs in my classrooms at school and in department stores. The most perplexing sound I heard came from the somber voices of the dead. Because no one else heard what I did, and it made them uncomfortable thinking I heard things, I kept to myself. It felt safer that way. 
“No, Mom. It’s nothing.” I smiled, trying to reassure her that the universe still moved in perfect harmony, even though I just spoke to a cat. She breathed a sigh of maternal relief and pushed a butcher knife deep into the spongy cake, cutting two giant squares. 
I picked up my cat. I used to belong to a woman in Montana, before I was born in your closet. 
I squinted and looked deeply into her eyes. She stared back as if I was deaf, and repeated it slower, like that would help me understand that I was talking to a cat. I heard her clear as a sharp ping: My name is Behiti. It means fortune. And quit talking out loud before your mom thinks you’re crazy, she paused to wipe her whiskers with a damp paw, or crazier.
I closed my mouth, because I almost said something else out loud. I can talk with my mind? I whispered.
You don’t have to whisper when you talk with your mind, my dear. You newborn angels are almost idiotic. 
“Newborn what?” I accidently asked out loud. 
“Who are you talking to?” my mom asked, as she held out the piece of cake to me. I put Behiti down.
“Nobody,” I said, taking the plate. You mean I can hear cats?
You can hear more than cats, my dear. 
Where are you from? I asked, as I took a bite of the chocolate cake. It melted like sweet gooey gold on my tongue. I loved chocolate cake.
Behiti stretched languidly. I come from a place that worships me. The sand lands of Horus. 
So, it’s true then?
What’s true?
Cats have nine lives.
My dear, we have as many as we need.
How many is that?
The Creator decides how many are necessary. It’s almost time, you know.
Time for what? I asked. Behiti didn’t answer me as she sashayed away, as cats do, tail held high with her butt clearly aimed at me.
As I watched Behiti walk away, I felt a weird rumbling in my gut. I pinched my side with my hand to stop it. The rumble grew to a boiling tremor. My hands shook. The vibration blurred my vision. A blinding brightness enveloped me, radiating out through my fingertips like rays of sunshine. The kitchen faded from my eyes. I swayed because my feet couldn’t feel the floor anymore. A sharp pain stabbed me between my shoulder blades, just before the solidness of my skin slipped away. I melted into the sound of brightness. I inhaled the light. It tasted metallic cool and icy blue. Thousands of silver bells rang in unison, heralding the spark of the world. I recognized the melody of the Eternity. Glorious song burst from my spirit. I rejoiced in Oneness again with the Eternity. I felt air swooshing around my head. I looked up to see white feathered wings tipped in blue flapping against the brightness. What is happening to me? A voice rose within the light, and I listened with my entire being.
When the first star emerges in the twilight sky;
your human mantle shall fall away
as your wings appear.
And you shall go about
Our business as commanded nascent angel.
Then, the light grew softer and more silent as Eternity receded. A familiar heaviness crept into my limbs. Time pressed on my shoulders and back. My legs once again felt solid under me. My vision returned to normal. The voice and my link to Eternity vanished as quickly as it materialized. I looked at my mother to see if she noticed I’d just conversed with the Creator. She wasn’t even looking at me. Behiti still stared sarcastically at me, waiting for my comment regarding her nine lives. I landed at the precise moment before the light began. Time was altered in that brief flash. This time I walked away from Behiti. 
“Honey, aren’t you going to finish your cake?”
I looked at my mother with fresh eyes. All the voices, the sounds, and the intuitions that made me think “crazy” an apt description for my reality, suddenly made complete sense to me. I was a newborn angel walking in human skin. And I could time travel.
“No, I’ve got work to do.” I felt my mother roll her eyes at me. I couldn’t blame her. 
In the Eternity, all beings touch and move through each other, so aloneness and separation don’t exist. In the Eternity, I moved as a handful of sparkling energy—part of the stars, the wind, the waves, the wolves, the rocks, the droplet of water in a stream, the grain of sand on a beach—even touching people from time to time. I lived as part of all and nothing in particular. Then, I was born. I was here with you, in this skin, separate and different from everyone else. My memory of the Eternity was wiped clean, until the light filled me on my fifteenth birthday. It should’ve been beautiful, but it wasn’t.
After my first encounter with the Creator, the painful reality of my existence as a newborn angel hammered like a dull thud under my heart. After the abrupt reconnection and disconnection with the Creator in the kitchen, I felt a dark, hollow sadness descend on me. It invaded every single second of my life for days. I couldn’t eat. I couldn’t sleep. I didn’t even want to brush my hair. I’d heard about people who’d had near death experiences; who, once they experienced the light, didn’t want to come back. That’s how I felt. I tried to shake the depression by focusing on being grateful and how I could be of service to others in the days to come. Before the light, I occasionally heard the voices of the dead. Now, I also heard the voices of the living, not occasionally, but all the time. I stopped drinking coffee, started wearing a beanie, and slept with a pillow smashed over my head, because I thought any barrier at all would help dampen all the noisy thoughts clogging up my brain. I’d never felt so alone in all of my life. 
People are sorted out by colors and shapes. You can see how you’re different, how you’re separate, but it’s hard to see how you’re the same, how you’re united by your star-filled spirits. You feel the sting of cruelty and the confusion of loss because of this separation by skins. However, you also experience the giddiness of love and the joy of forgiveness when you lay down the idea of separation. After the revelation, a new awareness and appreciation for human suffering emerged. I didn’t expect newborn angels to have so much in common with humans.
*
For the first few months, I grappled with balancing my new angelness with my teenage world. Before my fifteenth birthday, I hardly noticed the linear push of time and I certainly never thought of time as anything other than moving forward. I planned everything chronologically like everyone else. I needed a few minutes here or there to finish my homework, to get to class, or to read my books. I knew when I didn’t get enough time to sleep or when it was a Saturday and I could sleep in. Once I touched Eternal time again, living in linear time became a suffocating constraint. Now, I wondered everyday how anyone stood up under the pressure of the hours and the minutes. I realized the preciousness of seconds. Big things happen in a second, a fleeting moment, when you blink and a baby walks or you miss a subtitle in a movie you have to watch in French class. For me, it’s all the time I have to touch the Eternity until this part of my journey is done. 
*
Today, the sun shone brilliantly as it hung in the sky. The golden hour sun spilled through the oak tree’s branches, painting my skin in delicate patterns of lace that danced across my arm. It should’ve been beautiful, but it reminded me of being separated from the Eternity. Ever since the Creator breathed my angelic connection through my human bones, I felt restless and adrift. I longed for the permanent wings I caught glimpses of when I touched twilight, not the temporary invisible ones I walked around with every day. I was learning to accept and rejoice in the precious few moments I dissolved into the Eternity. The Creator sent me here because angels learn how to become angels by becoming humans first; it’s the middle passage of our quest. It’s also how we walk among you...

Chapter 2
The Imprisoned Boy
I love to watch the stars at night. I try to catch the very faint glimmer of the first one as it pops into the pale blue and gold of the moment just before twilight. In that second, I can hear the Hosts of Eternity and I feel my wings unfurl. Seconds fly by with the most precious things, like the first kiss, the first flutter of life, or a baby’s first smile. These things deserve more than the allotted blink of time they receive. Seconds are also taken for granted, like the second before a car crashes into yours, the second you are not watching and the baby drowns in a pool, or the second you die and slip away from your human form. A single second is all I’m given to stay connected to Eternity, that second of hearing the Hosts with my spirit ears just before twilight after the first star pops into the blue and gold sky. I live for this second.
Today, in Biology class, the teacher lectured about cell division and DNA spirals, and how animals and humans are created from the division of tiny cells. We took notes about how everything is created, like the green of the grass, the heat of the sun, the slick skin of a toad and your ability to make a taco shape with your tongue. By universal design, cells give each of us our own shell. It made me think about how we spend much of our time examining and judging the outside, forgetting it’s the inside of a person that truly matters. Not the guts and organs, of course you need those, but the stuff of ether, the part you can’t measure with any scientific approach. The brain and spirit are separate entities that define who we are. Which is more important, the grey lump inside the cranial bone or the invisible spirit? 
I wondered which one Bryson would choose. He’s a boy in my class, and fifteen like me. He sits in a chair with a motor and a lap shelf. During lectures, his head rolls side to side and his arms curl up at the wrists. Bryson has little control of the skin he is in. Not like the second before his teammate hit him on the football field, trying to prove how strong he was in his separate skin. Bryson didn’t see the hit coming. He kept his eye on the ball like the coach told him to do, because when the coach yelled, his face reddened and his forehead vein pulsed to the surface. So, Bryson refused to look any other way except at the ball. 
It’s unfortunate the way people try to please others even to their own detriment. Why are we compelled to shrink into a shadow when someone yells at us, even when common sense tells us we should take a stand? It’s funny how an angry forehead vein spurs us into action. Bryson kept his eye on the ball as it came straight at him. His arms reached up to catch the ball. He leapt for that crucial second that changes everything, and on his way back down to Earth, his teammate—named Mark—hit him on his blindside. The impact sent Bryson’s fragile guts and bones spinning over and over, until he landed with a sturdy thud on the grass. He never got back up. 
The ambulance came with sirens and red and blue lights flashing. Paramedics taped Bryson to a board and snapped a big plastic collar around his broken neck. The coach cancelled the rest of practice that day. Mark appeared to feel bad on the outside. He hung his head and squeezed out a tiny tear. However, inside he felt strong, like Superman. He didn’t tell anybody that part. Bryson didn’t open his eyes for one week. And when he did, his world would never be the same. His arms, legs, and brain refused to cooperate with each other. The impact damaged the spongy grey mass inside his skull. The electronic impulses of the grey matter no longer traveled the correct paths, imprisoning Bryson inside his skin. He did, however, have awareness that things were different. He made sounds that no one could understand. He jerked his arms to communicate, but no one understood the jumbled spasms. In class, I could hear him screaming inside his mind. 
This is why I say people spend too much time worrying about the outside. Before the accident on the field, all the girls thought Bryson was very good looking. His dark blond hair and his golden brown eyes sparkled with confidence, causing most of the girls at school to swoon at the mere mention of his name. As you know from Biology class, DNA determines the outside and the guts of you. Unfortunately, DNA can’t help you if your outside is damaged or your grey matter is rattled inside the cranium. Bryson knew the pain of being something reduced to nothing in human eyes. 
I watched the other kids in class walk by without even looking at Bryson. He was invisible to them. They weren’t invisible to him. Trapped inside his jerking body with eyes that no longer looked straight ahead, Bryson caught a glimpse of the girl in the front row named Sapphire. From my desk, I saw her hand accidently brush against the arm of Bryson’s wheelchair. 
“Excuse me. Sorry, Bryson.”
She knows my name! His spirit soared to his optic nerves, sending out a brief shock of light, a second of sparkle. No one noticed this tiny moment, not even Sapphire, but I did. Bryson’s heart pounded, his blood raced, and his body jerked uncontrollably more than usual. Quit moving! Shit! Stop! Please, stop jerking…He felt helpless and trapped in his human skin with his misfiring grey matter. It took minutes, not seconds, for his body to calm to its normal spastic state. It made me sad, when the discomfort of some came out in cruel ways as if Bryson were deaf, which he wasn’t.
“Look at that freak.”
“When he does that, it really wigs me out.”
“Oh, shit. Is that drool?” 
Bryson heard every hurtful word. He couldn’t do anything about it, so instead, he wished that just for one moment Sapphire knew him before his accident. He wanted to taste the lips she so meticulously shined with sticky gloss. I wonder if her lips taste like strawberries and cream or vanilla beans? He knew the sweet taste of strawberries and the tang of vanilla, but not from her shiny lips. Bryson’s simple wish was the source of his greatest despair, because he could only move in the “here” time and hope for tomorrow, because yesterday was untouchable except with his mind. Bryson wished for yesterday. 
Yesterday was real time allotted to everyone. When we ponder about yesterday, we usually rummage through the seconds that hurt us the most. We poke at “yesterday” the way a hummingbird pokes a flower for sweet nectar. Instead of sucking out the joyful essence in all the poking and prodding, we focus on the pain. What would happen if everyone stopped thinking about yesterday like that? If you can’t find the sweetness from yesterday, try looking behind the one of the seconds that slipped by and it might be hiding there. Bryson couldn’t find it anywhere.
Sapphire wished for external things, too. She wanted to be like a swan: graceful, serene, and proud. She wanted to trumpet her entrance. It’s why she spent so many minutes slicking her lips. She wanted someone to notice her. She despaired inside where it mattered, because no one did. I am invisible to everyone, she thought. Sapphire didn’t know that the very sound of her voice excited Bryson, or that he dreamt of tasting her perfectly glossed lips with his imperfect drooling mouth. In his mind, where it mattered, his lips were warm and rounded with yesterday’s wishes. 
Sapphire didn’t know that Bryson looked forward to watching her put her lip gloss on. She wasn’t a girl he would’ve looked at before the accident. Her beauty lay like a hidden treasure buried deep beneath the surface. Bryson saw her, now, for the beauty that mattered. He fell in love with her and her shiny lip gloss of strawberry or vanilla the instant her hand hit his chair. If only she could’ve seen me before the second I landed in this spastic body nobody fucking understands! That was his deepest wish, his fervent thought, a prayer some might call it. I heard it in class loud and clear. And the Creator granted permission for Bryson’s yesterday wishes and Sapphire’s silent hope to be noticed to come true.
*
In that second before twilight, linear time ceases to matter. My wings unfold with the vibration of Eternity racing through my body. Moving as light moves, at speeds faster than human bodies can endure, I fly through time and space. I found Bryson before the accident, before that second his body tumbled into a motorized chair. I shimmered past Sapphire walking under a tree and scooped her up as easily as I would a handful of air. Together, the three of us alighted at the football field on the very day, the very seconds, before the accident. We landed before the second that is taken for granted.
Today, Bryson promised himself, he would keep his eyes on the ball so his coach would keep the vein that popped out…in. Bryson took for granted the effortless way he practiced play after play to please the coach. He took for granted the things he already possessed. And there sat Sapphire, watching Bryson while she touched her lips with shiny lip gloss. Bryson reached his arms up to catch the football with perfect hands. When his mouth opened straining with effort, he inhaled the scent of strawberries and cream on his tongue. He tasted the sweetness and it reminded him of lazy summer days at the pond. His body landed with a thud, untouched by anyone except Sapphire, the girl named for a rock with lips that shone in the sun. In less than a blink, he noticed her shy and awkward gaze. She braved a small wave in his direction. He turned his head to see if anyone stood behind him. There was no one else, just him. The smile he gave flashed across the hidden gem inside Sapphire like a laser, clearing away years of mental debris and self destructive thoughts. The jewel began to shine from the inside where it mattered. The whistle blew.
“Bryson, get your head back in the game, son!” 
“Just a minute coach!” Bryson ran over to Sapphire and kissed her, then ran back to the field. 
*
In class today, Sapphire sat next to someone she didn’t know and dabbed shiny gloss on her lips. She remembered Bryson’s unexpected kiss before his fatal accident. He’d run over to her, sitting there, and kissed her for no reason at all, but for all the reasons that mattered. For the rest of her life she would remember the smell of his sweat, the taste of his salty lips, and the way his eyes lit up just for her. She would remember the way he ran back to the field for the screaming coach with the forehead vein that kept popping out. The coach went from purple to red to shock white, when, on the next play, Bryson’s body landed with a solid thud, an awkward mass of tumbled bones and guts. The ball lay neatly in the bend of his elbow. The coach stood next to the body of Bryson, as the medics worked his twisted frame. His body landed with the ball, but left nothing more than flesh and bones and guts. What mattered most about Bryson became a part of the Eternity the second his human form skidded into the green grass. 
I know you want to know “why” about everything. Maybe, you want to know what Bryson was thinking just before he died or why he had to die at all. I don’t know why the Creator wove Bryson’s fate into the green grass. I know, as humans, we are all dying every day we’re living, even me. It’s easier to think of being a Superman or a Wonder Woman who will live forever and ever. Nevertheless, you won’t. Death frightens people because they can’t see what comes next. It really is like stepping into a dark hallway. All you have is faith that you will make the journey safely. I’m not sure if it’s supposed to make sense to us, whether angel or human. All I know for certain is that everything that happened, happened the way it was written in the stars. I also know that the second that gets taken for granted was embraced by Bryson when his lips met Sapphire’s and he tasted the simple sweetness of strawberries and cream. It was his first kiss. 

Chapter 3
Black Beauty
Jayla means one who is special, but Jayla didn’t feel special where it mattered. Every night when she walked into the evening class for U.S. History, her pearly smile vanished into thin air as she headed straight for the last row and sat in the last seat. She couldn’t get farther away from everyone else, including herself. 
Jayla was considered tall for a girl. Model tall and elegant, though Jayla didn’t see herself that way. People are always looking for beauty in the stature of bones, the height of buildings, and the loftiness of goals. The size of everything matters. They also see beauty when something is wrapped with money or power. However, wrap power and beauty in an ebony skin and some will question the virtue. I understand about aloneness because the skin that keeps us all from spilling into puddles on the ground separates us, rather than unites us. Even as an angel, I’m separated from my own angelic kind by my human skin. Maybe if you saw yourselves spilling into each others’ blood you’d know how connected you really are. But, that is a matter for spirit eyes, not the spongy eyeballs jostling inside the hollowed-out bone sockets of your individual faces. How can anyone look at the mystical creation of DNA and miss the beauty that matters most? 
Jayla couldn’t see her own beauty. Others blurred her view of herself, blinding her to her own beauty. She let others distort her own image to suit their personal blindness. She felt powerless, she felt poor, and she felt anything but invisible. Jayla felt too visible. She hated the rich ebony of her face, arms, and legs. When she looked in a mirror, she wished to be remade in a whiter image, as if the grand DNA of her very self was less valuable than someone else’s. So, every day in U.S. History class, she sat in the last row in the very last chair, a rich rare ruby among a platter of colorless diamonds. 
Today, I watched a boy pass Jayla a note folded like a football. She opened it in class when she should’ve been reading her textbook. I could see the individual letters scrawled across the lined notebook paper. They didn’t spell a word, but they carried a heavy meaning, an historical meaning meant just for Jayla because the boy couldn’t comprehend her beauty wrapped in an ebony skin. His note read: K-K-K. He framed the letters with a hand-drawn rope noose. He prided himself so much on his ability to be blinded by prejudice, that his laugh silently shook his shoulders. Jayla wished she could just disappear behind the blurred tears she refused to liberate. 
Human history is a collage of ambition, adventure, and abhorrence of humans pitted against one another. Then one day, as if from out of nowhere, you open a book in U.S. History class and out pops a shining beacon of hope and healing. The stories whisper into your ear about Gandhi or Buddha, Jesus or Rosa Parks. The avatars of bravery and kindness are neatly spaced between the pages for you to read. The facts about explorers and their mad rushes for land, spices, and human flesh are crammed into each chapter and memorized for the A-B-C-D test. Can you recall what Gandhi said to you in a short caption? Yes, to you. Who else would he be speaking to, if not you? “Be the change you wish to see,” he said. People get trapped in the skin that holds their bones and guts together and their minds freeze like an insect in crystallized amber. Be the change you wish to see. But what if you don’t know the change you wish to see? Jayla thought she knew what she wanted, sitting alone with the note she held in her hands with the three capital Ks. 
I want to be white. And pretty. 
Unfortunately, that’s not what Gandhi meant. If Rosa Parks had changed her skin color, she wouldn’t be Rosa Parks and we wouldn’t hear her whisper from a page in any U.S. History book. Jayla stared down at the pictures of faces staring up at her from inside the opened book. The eyes of an unknown avatar stared back with an unwavering gaze, boring through her mind, where it mattered, like a drill. She laid her head down on the open book. Squeezing her eyes shut against the page, she let the tears roll silently onto the picture of the woman with ebony skin like her own. Her tears stung as they leaked down her cheek, landing on the open page and puckering the paper. 
 Jayla took for granted that the very second her life began—with floating cells like festive balloons, and DNA-curled ribbons festooning her mother’s womb—that her design was already perfect, unique and beautiful. She wanted to be different on the outside so she would feel good on the inside. Why do people look everywhere for validation of their beauty? How come it’s so hard to see the perfection in all the colors, shapes, sizes, and statures? It’s like trying to show a tree the beauty of its roots. Jayla couldn’t see past the earth of her own existence and missed her own beauty like a tree that can’t see its roots. 
The outside hall lights blinked on as the sky moved from sunset to twilight. With a swift flourish of thought, I raised Jayla up like air. We flew over treetops and passed low hanging stars until we reached the distant past and it became the present. 
*
When Jayla opened her eyes, she found herself standing in a white painted doorway framing the entrance of an auditorium. 
“Where am I? Am I dreaming?”
“Get out of the way,” a woman sneered at her. 
“This is a meeting for women’s rights, not niggers’ rights.” The hem of her wide skirt swept over Jayla’s bare feet, causing Jayla to look down. Oh my God, where are my shoes? She tried to hide her bare feet by putting one foot over the other. She wiggled her toes on the wood floor just to make sure she was awake.
“No, you ain’ dreamin’, chil’.” An older black woman smiled at her, as she gently steered Jayla out of the pathway she stood in. I hadn’t meant to set her in the wrong place at the right time. 
“This isn’t the gym or the cafeteria,” Jayla said. She looked around as if she expected to see someone she knew at any moment. Her brows furrowed in confusion. Rows of wooden chairs were filled with white people, and dozens of African-Americans stood along the back wall of the building. “What are all these people doing here?”
“Dem come ta see ’bout de rights uf de women. Mos’ de mens,” she pointed around the room, “dey don’t like dis talk.” The older woman eyed Jayla suspiciously. “How you come by dis place, you not knowin’ where you be?” 
“I…I don’t know. I was reading my history book…well, I was supposed to be reading it. And I put my head down. Then, I don’t know. I was here.”
“Ah, you be readin ’bout de rights den. I see.” The old woman nodded her head in understanding. “I wish I cud read. I look at de books. It make no sense to me.” 
“Do I know you?” Jayla asked.
“Not sure, honey,” the old woman replied and gave her a wink.
Jayla looked around the crowd. Women wearing bell-shaped skirts that swept the wooden floor floated everywhere. They glided on puffs of air rather than walked. She noticed their milky white skin, their dainty hands, and how their colorful bonnets scooped up handfuls of soft silky curls. She let her hand reach up to touch her own hair. She caught a glimpse of her hand with disappointment; it was still black. She touched the rough cloth of her dress. It was a shabby ankle length imitation of what the floating white women wore. The clamor of the crowd quieted and the throng moved forward toward the pulpit on the stage at the front of the building.
I’m in a church?
A very delicate, pale woman stepped forward to address the assembly. The crowd grew more hushed. The pale woman turned to address the crowd.
“Thank you all for coming to support our worthy cause.” A round of polite applause made Jayla scan the assembly more closely. “We have come together in support of one another, and our right to vote alongside men.” A rumble went around the room like thunder in a small cloud, so the woman spoke louder. 
“Women deserve equality with men and the right to vote!” Her white arm, raised above her head, seemed too fragile to extol such a commanding position. A storm was brewing now. Jayla felt a cold finger of air brush the nape of her neck. She shivered. 
Jayla watched a man approach the podium. His jowls shook when he walked. His face reddened with each step. Sweat poured from his brow. He looked ready to wreak havoc on the notion of equality. 
“Women will never be the equal of men!” he shouted in a booming voice. “Women were created as the weaker sex. To be protected!” As he spoke, his agitation increased and sweat rolled into the crevices of his neck. “Women can never achieve equality with men! Eden fell by Eve’s trickery and deceit. And because Heaven on Earth was destroyed by Eve, who ate the forbidden fruit, all women must take their place behind men!” He spoke the “t” in fruit with emphasis.
It’s fitting that hurricanes are named after people because no one can blow a bad wind as hard as an ignorant person. So, there it waited, the eye of the storm, a lull of silence with everyone begging silently for someone, anyone, to bring the other side of the raging storm and obliterate this man’s raining spittle. 
The old woman just shook her head and clicked her tongue. Jayla suddenly realized where she’d seen her before.
“It’s you,” Jayla said to the old woman.
“Course it’s me. Who else wud I be?” She smiled back.
A low murmur began to grow as the crowd discussed the identity of the black woman making her way through the multitude. 
“Is that the escaped slave woman?”
“What’s her name? I read somewhere that she changed it.”
“Sojourner. I think. Sojourner Truth.”
The other half of the storm didn’t take long to materialize. Jayla saw it brewing in the eyes of the ebony woman—with a lacey bonnet and white shawl wrapped tightly around her shoulders—as she navigated the eye of the storm, bringing the other side of the hurricane hauled over her shoulders. She looked out at the audience and took a deep breath. When she opened her mouth a tidal wave of polished glass, pebbles, and sea creatures pounded the shore. 
Wall, chilern, whar dar is so much racket dar must be somethin’ out o’ kilter. I tink dat ‘twixt de niggers of de Souf and de womin at de Norf, all talkin’ ‘bout rights, de white men will be in a fix pretty soon. But what’s all dis here talkin’ ‘bout? Dat man ober dar say dat womin needs to be helped into carriages, and lifted ober ditches, and to hab de best place everywhar. Nobody eber helps me into carriages, or ober mud-puddles, or gibs me any best place! And ain’t I a woman? Look at me! Look at my arm! I have ploughed, and planted, and gathered into barns, and no man could head me! And ain’t I a woman? I could work as much and eat as much as a man – when I could get it – and bear de lash as well! And ain’t I a woman? I have borne thirteen chilern, and seen ‘em mos’ all sold off to slavery, and when I cried out with my mother’s grief, none but Jesus heard me! And ain’t I a woman? Den dey talks ‘bout dis ting in de head; what dis dey call it? 
Jayla whispered, “Intellect?” 
Dat’s it, honey. What’s dat got to do wid womin’s rights or nigger’s rights? If my cup won’t hold but a pint, and yourn holds a quart, wouldn’t ye be mean not to let me have my little half-measure full? Den dat little man in back dar, he say women can’t have as much rights as men, ‘cause Christ wan’t a woman! Whar did your Christ come from? Whar did your Christ come from? From God and a woman! Man had nothin’ to do wid Him.
Her words stuck like grains of sand, lodging in everyone’s hair, their teeth, and in between their toes. Some people cheered, others mumbled. Jayla stooped down to pick up a smoothly polished piece of red sea glass, slightly clouded from the fresh tumbling by Sojourner Truth’s sandy deliverance. She licked it. It shone like a ruby in her palm. She held it up to the sun breaking through the storm clouds, and saw for the first time the marvelous beauty in the darkness of her very own hand. She put the ruby glass in her pocket.
*
I poked Jayla on the arm. She sat bolt upright in class and looked around. I pointed to the teacher. 
I was dreaming. Wow.
“No, you weren’t,” I said, as I placed the polished red glass on her desk. She shook her head as if trying to clear away a thought. 
“How?” Her eyes widened in disbelief. “I mean…if I was…you…do I even know you?” 
“Not really,” I said and went back to taking my notes. It took Jayla a few more moments to shuffle through her thoughts. I smiled to myself. Then, she scribbled on the note the boy had handed her just a few seconds ago. She handed it back to him, like a polite correspondence between friends. He opened it like it might explode in his hands. It read: The correct recitation of the alphabet is J-K-L-M-N-O-P. Jayla smiled to herself, got up, and walked to the front of the class. She found her new seat, right smack in the center of the room. A much more fitting place for her black beauty and pearly smile. 
I watched as she put the piece of ruby red glass on the corner of her new desk. Everything was as it was supposed to be.

Chapter 4
Blue Love
Homer sat staring out the window, dreaming of catching waves. He always stared out the window in class. His heart was full of love and loneliness for a girl he had not yet met. He believed that somewhere in the wide world he read about in his beloved books, she lived just waiting for him to appear on her doorstep. He imagined she would smile at him, when he read her poetry scribbled with passion by his steady hand. In his mind, the girl he loved without yet knowing loved him with equal measure. It’s what people desire most of all, isn’t it? To love and be loved in return by equal measure. A lopsided love is full of pain and agony. No one wishes for that kind of heavy love, but we get it sometimes. So, Homer sat every day looking out of the classroom window, lost in his own world of longing and aloneness. 
I wondered if Homer noticed how the dried window putty cracked, scattering in chunks along the narrow ledge, or if he noticed that the window itself was smudged with years of students wishing through the clear melted compound while they stared off into worlds they kept to themselves. Glass isn’t solid just because of swirling molecules, but because we keep looking through it to see something else. Have you ever noticed all the tiny bubbles trapped in the liquid glass? Sometimes life makes you feel trapped like tiny air bubbles in a window, forever a part of a glazed square that someone gazes through, trying to look beyond what is standing right before them: You. And, they don’t even see you.
“Are you listening to me, Homer?” Our English teacher pulled her glasses down her nose to stare without blinking at him.
“What?” Homer asked. Shit, I don’t even know what she’s talking about.
“To the poem Homer. The poem.”
“Oh, yeah. I guess.” She was reading a poem?
“You guess what?” Now, the teacher’s made a triangle against her hip with her bent arm.
“That you were reading a poem.” 
“About what?” Her eyes threw daggers now.
“Love,” Homer said, looking down at the paper on his desk. “Petrarca. His sonnets.” 
Our teacher let out an exasperated breath of air. Homer answered correctly…again. She observed the casual way he leaned back in the desk, the way his flip-flops molded to the shape of his feet, the frayed hem of his tattered jeans, and the faded T-shirt he won at a surfing competition two years ago. 
“I don’t think you’re taking this class seriously. And I don’t appreciate it.”
Homer shrugged. 
“Poetry is important, Homer.” 
Homer shrugged again. I know. I need it. 
“You’re always staring out the window. Wasting time in class. You don’t pay attention.”
Homer looked up at her. His blue eyes searched for the woman who loved poetry so much she wanted to share it with the world. I don’t see her in there anywhere.
I know what the teacher saw. A surfer who stared out the window. She didn’t see who he really was at all. If she did, she would’ve known that in his heart, where it mattered, he spoke in sonnets to the girl he loved, but had not yet met. She would know he understood the whispers of the quatrains’ themes and rhymes more than anyone in class, because he wished that someday the universe would drop his soul mate into his lap like a sparkling lucky penny. 
In class, I learned the romantic notion that a person’s eyes are the windows into their soul. I think that’s true from what I can tell. There is something mysterious and sacred about what a person’s eyes say. I think it’s why we avoid looking into someone’s eyes, or find ourselves unable to look away. If our teacher truly looked into Homer’s eyes, she would’ve seen that he understood her passion, because he needed to believe in the poetry more than she did. 
What Homer didn’t expect, and what never occurred to him, was that he would be so busy looking out the window dreaming of paddling out to sea that he would miss the entrance of the love of his life completely. On this windy day before the hurricane danced its way to shore, a girl named Katie blew into class. The moment Katie walked into the classroom, the sun flashed a finger through the window pane smudged with years of students’ wishes and pointed directly at her. A halo of golden light framed her for just a second. It should have been beautiful, but Homer wasn’t looking. 
Seconds are fleeting moments when an entire life can pass you by in the mere blink of your window-eye. I stared at Homer, willing him to look, but he remained blissfully unaware. He took a left, when the Creator meant for him to step right. The Creator shouted the long awaited joyful news and Homer’s heart missed the music completely. He didn’t hear the symphony for Katie’s presence or see the flash of the Creator’s finger pointed directly at her as she walked to the back of the room, but I did. He was too busy looking out the window dreaming of blue surf.
“Welcome, Katie.” The whole class stopped everything and looked at the new girl. Everyone that is, except Homer, the only one who should’ve been looking.
“Thanks. Where do I sit?”
“In the empty desk. Over there.” The teacher pointed to the back of the room. 
“Okay.” 
“Just a second, Katie. Here’s what we’re reading.”
“Thank you.”
Homer remained oblivious that his lucky penny had dropped. He didn’t hear its gentle ping on the polished beige linoleum, didn’t see the flash of the copper as the sun shone from heaven to catch his eye, and he didn’t hear the angelic song heralding his beloved’s arrival. I couldn’t believe it. Neither one of them saw the other. I looked around the class. No one noticed the music or the light. All the signs had been ignored. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, back to the poem.”
We all shuffled our papers around and shifted our butts in the uncomfortable chairs. The boy next to me had the squeaky desk that sounded like a duck quacking.
“Homer, why don’t you read the poem from the beginning?”
Homer cleared his throat, and lifted the paper by the edges. His voice was a melodic mixture of his need to believe in love and his longing for the girl he loved, but who he had not yet met. 
It was the day the sun’s ray had turned pale
with pity for the suffering of his Maker
when I was caught, and I put up no fight,
my lady, for your lovely eyes had bound me.
Katie listened with her heart. Homer paused before he read the next stanza. What if she isn’t out there after all?
It seemed no time to be on guard against
Love’s blows; therefore, I went my way
secure and fearless-so, all my misfortunes
began in midst of universal woe.
I heard Katie like she spoke directly into my ear: I wish someone would love me like that.
Love found me all disarmed and
found the way
was clear to reach my heart
down through the eyes
which have become the halls and
doors of tears.
Katie looked at Homer as he read. She saw the side of his tanned face and the locks of light brown hair tipped with silver sun. She looked down at the page of poetry she’d been handed. Her eyes followed the sound of Homer’s voice through each word and her heart listened.
It seems to me it did him little honour,
to wound me with his arrow in my state
and to you, armed, not show his bow at all.
Katie thought, It’s sad when love wounds as much as it heals.
“Thank you, Homer,” the teacher said.
Homer returned to his daydreams of waiting for such a swell of love to break over his head, carrying him to the sandy shore of contentment. When the ocean swallowed him in its primal blue wetness, he could bear the despair of waiting. When he paddled out to sea he imagined that the girl he loved would emerge like a mermaid to greet him. It was fantasy and fairy tale, but Homer believed in the illusive mythology of love. 
So today—when he sat and dreamt of the blue ocean, the waves, and the girl he loved—who he had not yet met, he had no idea she was sitting in the room to his left. I don’t think it was by mere accident that the teacher selected this sonnet by the Italian Francesco Petrarca today. Hundreds of years ago, Francesco understood about the heaviness of lopsided love. Our teacher told us Francesco’s unrequited love compelled him to despair and write to this unknown woman every day. He composed love to her when the sun rose, when it peaked, when it set, and even when the moon shone full and bright, surrounded by stars and wispy clouds.
“Get out, Homer. Just get out. Go to the Principal’s office.” She scribbled on a pink slip.
“For what?” Homer stopped daydreaming for a moment. 
“For staring out the window again, instead of paying attention.” She held the pink slip out to him as he passed her on his way out. Good, I can go surfing. 
I noticed Homer and Katie hadn’t seen each other at all. He simply blinked and the ray of sunlight that pointed at Katie faded into harsh florescent light. Katie completely missed the sound of Homer’s belief in mermaids and fairy tales. She didn’t know he surfed to forget the love he waited for, but had not yet met. And she didn’t know that Francesco Petrarca wrote his poetry hundreds of years ago on Homer’s invisible heart and that he longed to be caught in the gaze of his love’s eye.
Maybe, she’s out there somewhere.
Maybe, he’s out there somewhere.
They were speaking passed each other. I literally watched “the” second when love at first sight should’ve happened, but it didn’t. Have you ever wondered why the messenger of love is a mischievous cherub with a fatal weapon? Cupid flies with pointed arrows to shoot at unsuspecting hearts, slaying some and saving others. Have you ever wondered how love with no form or substance, represented by the red rounded Valentine heart, is physically rooted in the middle of your chest? You can feel your flesh and blood pumping; hear it with a stethoscope thumping its unique cadence. Yet, all this rushing of energy and oxygen to limb and lung can’t produce an ounce of what matters most...love. Love opens your invisible heart, so joy can float like soap bubbles into the blue sky where they eventually disappear. Love is also cruel. Sometimes it bursts without warning, flooding your tear ducts with memories of what used to be, or memories of things you never had a chance to do, because of the second you lost in a blink of your window-eye.
*
The gold and silver twilight is glorious, yet love is the most glorious thing of all. When the sky turned lavender with pink fingers reaching across the wide open plain of heaven, I knew what I was supposed to do. My human skin shimmered into energy and tiny points of light. I felt the tingle of my wings spreading wide as I flew on a strong breeze across the water. I saw Homer below…
He sat alone on his carefully sex-waxed board looking for mermaids and despairing that the girl he loved, but had not yet met, might never come. His faith in love rippled. In the blink of his eye, I pushed him beneath the water, unveiling the mermaid. He choked with seawater. His eyes stared forward in a second of death, but the light of his future life flashed before his open mind’s eye. His body went completely limp. Suddenly, he saw it. A simple house on stubby stilts above white sand with surf boards lined up like a rainbow along a porch railing. He counted them all. There were five. He heard the laughter of children. Sun bleached curls bounced into view. A tear spilled down his cheek, melting into the sea. The youngest looked directly at him with window-eyes of Pacific blue. 
He said simply, Daddy, I love you. And then he saw her. The girl he had always loved. 
*
I slammed my book on the floor and everyone jumped. Homer looked in my direction, because I am the one who slammed my book on the floor. A new student entered the classroom. The sun flashed a finger through the window pane smudged with years of students’ wishes and pointed directly at her. Her name was Katie. She was framed for a second in a halo of golden light. Homer saw it and didn’t blink. The teacher sat her in the back, because that was where the empty desk was. 
“Back to the poem,” the teacher said, and began to read.
Love found me all disarmed and found the way
was clear to reach my heart down through the eyes
which have become the halls and doors of tears.
Katie stared at Homer...who wasn’t staring out the window. She saw his tanned face and locks of light brown hair tipped with silver sun. She looked down at the page of poetry she’d been handed. Her eyes followed the sound of the teacher’s voice through each word and her heart listened.
She glanced up, catching Homer looking directly at her. Her blue eyes disarmed him and her gaze reached down into his longing heart and into the memories of bouncing sun-bleached curls. 
There would be no more tears or despair. Homer’s heart filled with love for the girl he already knew, but he had not yet met. 

Chapter 5
Cat’s Cradle
Nick wore black pants and a black baseball cap to school every day because he was in mourning. He mourned for all the reasons that people mourn. Mostly because it’s too late. Too late for all the things you wished you’d done, but didn’t do. Too late for all the things you wish you’d said, but instead you kept silent. Too late for all the things you wished could’ve been, but weren’t. Sometimes people have too much time on their hands and they waste it. The phrase “too late” gets tossed around for everything that hurts our hearts, as if saying “it’s too late” was a medicinal expression that somehow cleansed the wound. 
Too late came for Nick the day his father deployed to Afghanistan. 
“Dude, isn’t your dad supposed to leave today?” 
“Yeah,” Nick said as he lit his cigarette.
“Aren’t you going with your mom?”
“I’m not gonna see that bastard off to war. He’s always leaving anyway. What’s the point?” Nick took a drag of his cigarette. 
“That’s kinda cold, dude.” 
“No one asked your opinion. So, shut the fuck up.” Nick stubbed the red cherry end of his smoke into the asphalt. “Fuck school today. I’m going to the mall.” 
I was sitting on top of the auto shop carport where Nick and his buddy smoked every day before school. His anger tasted like black licorice in my mouth. I could hear Nick’s hurt in the ugly words. When they left, I jumped down to the dumpster, then to the alley road. Nick’s house was only a few blocks away. The time to help Nick was coming soon; I could feel it. I just didn’t know when or what just yet. I kept hearing his father’s voice, too. And that puzzled me.
Nick’s mother waited for Nick to show up at the house so they could drive his father to the base. Unfortunately, Nick never came. His mother took his father to the base by herself. Nick never saw how his mother held her tears back, so her husband would think her strong and wouldn’t worry about the family while he was gone. And neither Nick nor his mother saw the tears the soldier shed inside his invisible heart. Soldiers have to be G.I. Joe tough on the outside. However, you know by now that what we feel on the inside is far more important than what others see or think they see on the outside.
In the field, Nick’s father carried a photograph of his smiling six-year-old son. In the photograph, Nick wore a green and white uniform and stood with one foot poised over a black and white soccer ball. When the sun went down in Afghanistan and the heat radiated roasting hot, not blazing hot hell-fire, his father looked at the faded picture. Over time, his sweat smudged the clarity of the colors and spoiled the flat pristine paper with puckers. He didn’t care because the picture symbolized everything he fought for. He loved his son who ignored him. Someday, he’ll come back to me. He’ll realize I love him. Nick’s six-year-old smile branded his father’s heart with memories. I could hear Nick’s father every night asking for protection for the family he left behind. Nick never knew that.
*
After his father left, Nick showed his mother no mercy. 
“Just because your father’s gone, doesn’t mean you can do whatever you want when you want.” She shook her head in frustration.
“Whataya gonna do about it?” Nick snarled back, because he could. “Ground me?”
“Yes. And take your phone away.”
“Yeah, right.”
“I can turn it off, you know.” 
“Go ahead. Then, I won’t have to worry about you calling me all the time. And nagging me.” Nick shrugged her off.
“I got your report card in the mail today,” his mother said matter-of-factly, trying unsuccessfully to change the tone of their conversation.
“So what.”
“You have three Fs and four Ds. What happened?” she asked.
“I don’t know. Shit. School sucks. Teachers suck.”
“That doesn’t mean you can just flunk everything.”
“I’m not flunking everything. I got Ds.”
“Quit twisting my words. Your grades are unacceptable, Nick.” 
“Whatever.” 
“Go to your room right now.”
“For what?”
“Being disrespectful. Your father would never allow you to—”
“He’s not here, is he? So who cares.”
“Get to your room!” Her eyes filled with angry frustrated tears.
Nick walked out of the kitchen. Instead of going upstairs, his mother heard him slam the front door. She leaned against the kitchen counter for strength as she made dinner, because her legs felt like rubber. The urgency of war took her husband into rocky hills and sandy deserts far away from her. She needed his help. I don’t know what to do with our son. I’m so angry you left me here to do this all by myself. That night, like every night, she cried herself to sleep. When daylight lit the edges of the curtains, she awoke, putting one foot in front of the other. Nick never noticed her resoluteness day in and day out. He missed each second she wiped her tears away so he wouldn’t see. 
The dark day arrived when the dark blue car pulled up along the curb in front of Nick’s house. I sat on my skateboard across the street and watched as two men in military dress blues got out. I could see Nick watching them through the big picture window in his living room. The taller of the two took off his stiff hat and tucked it neatly under his arm. I could hear the footsteps timed in unison like a march on the wooden porch all the way across street. Nick opened the door before they had a chance to knock. They asked for his mother, so he hollered for her. The men looked at each other as if to say, Son, we could’ve done that ourselves, but they remained silent. Nick left them at the door and sat down on the couch to finish his turn at HALO. 
His mother walked into the room and saw Nick playing his video game.
“What’s so urgent you had to yell like that?” she asked impatiently. Then, she saw the men at the door. She dropped her coffee cup on the hardwood floor, where it shattered like her dreams...into a million tiny pieces. All the tears she hid from the world flooded her heart like the Euphrates River floods its banks in springtime. Nick watched as a tremor shook her body to the floor like she was having an earthquake from the inside out. 
He stood up from the couch and stared at her. 
One of the men opened the door and walked in, because he was a man of the cloth. 
He knelt next to the weeping wife, “Mrs. DiMitri, I’m sorry about your husband.” 
“What happened?”
“He was killed in the line of duty.”
“How?” Her voice was a jolting aftershock. 
“He died in the rocky hills of a northern region of Afghanistan. It’s all we’re allowed to say, Mrs. DiMitri.”
“Oh my God,” she wept. 
“He died a hero saving his fellow soldiers,” the man of the cloth offered, hoping it would lessen the wound. Then, he helped Nick’s mother up to the couch because her legs refused to move. The taller man handed Nick a faded picture. He recognized it immediately. 
“Where did you get this?” Nick asked the tall soldier in dress blues.
“Your father kept it in his helmet.”
“How do you know that?” Nick’s voice cracked ever so slightly.
“I saw him put it in there myself.”
Nick just stared at the picture.
“Your father was a good man. He loved you very much.”
 In the blink of Nick’s brown eyes, all the things he’d never said to his father rushed into his brain, choking off any words or feelings the way a weed chokes out a healthy plant. Nick remembered refusing to play catch with his father, because he wanted to play video games more. Besides, he’d told himself that playing catch with his old man was embarrassing. He also remembered squirreling out of hugs his father tried to give him, because it wasn’t cool to hug anyone except a girlfriend. He remembered, suddenly, that he couldn’t remember the last time he said “I love you” to his father. 
In a second, some people blink the most important moments of their life away and everything after becomes “too late.” So, Nick wore black to school every day after his father died. People whispered about how quiet he was now. He shunned his smoking buddies, even as he shunned himself. His friends and teachers believed Nick was sad because his father died. Our entire town read about it in the newspaper. But I knew different. Nick’s regrets were suffocating the light out of him. 
When everyone else stood up to mindlessly pledge to the red, white, and blue symbol of freedom with stars proudly stitched on the field of blue, Nick remained seated on the hard yellow plastic chair. All he could see was a field stained crimson with the blood and brains of his father. Nick locked himself up inside and became a prisoner of his own thoughts. Today, in class, I could hear his profound sadness above the pledge of allegiance that everyone else said and he didn’t. I should have told him I loved him. Why did I have to be such an asshole? He probably thought I didn’t even love him at all. But I did. I did. He’ll never know. Dad, if you’re out there anywhere, please know I loved you, okay? I’m sorry. I should’ve played catch with you. I’m sorry I was such a disappointing son. 
Nick put his backpack on his lap. He pressed his hand over the pencil pouch on the front. I’ll take care of everything, Dad. I’ll see you soon, I promise. I knew he brought a gun to school today. I also knew it wasn’t the first time, but it was the first time he told himself what to do with it. And I heard him loud and clear.
Nick carried the gun like a shield to protect himself from getting hurt more than the triangle folded flag on the mantle above the fireplace had already hurt him. Nick believed the world conspired against him because the war in Afghanistan took his father away, because he’d run out of time, and because it was too late to change the events of the past. People say the world is cruel, but it isn’t. They say the Creator is cruel, but that’s not true either. People forget that they’re dying every day they’re living. Life unfolds like a flag unfurls with the wind; it’s just the way it’s supposed to be. Nick couldn’t accept how his life unfolded and how he could’ve made it different by different choices. So, he planned to point the gun at his own head and pull the trigger. 
Why do people consider taking their own life? Who generated the soul granted to you? Did you spread your fingers through the stars and gather up your bones? Did you breathe the life into the child born just this second? You probably forgot that a brand new life just entered this world, but the Creator didn’t. If the sparrows are accounted for, what makes you think that you are not? That you are less than a tiny bird that pecks for worms and lives in twisted twigs? Nick was oblivious and blind to the splendor of the circle of life. 
His bed sagged under the weight of his grief, regret, and the string of “too lates” that he’d fashioned as a noose around his neck. His hand shook as he held the hard metal in his mouth and tried to point it up into his brain, where he imagined all his pain radiated. He didn’t realize it was his invisible heart that screamed for forgiveness and bled regret. I wept in a darkened corner of his room, as I watched him struggle with his own private war. His finger curled around the trigger and he pulled it tight while he held his breath. 
*
Then, the first star popped out in the lavender sky and the blue and gold streaks released me from my human skin in a burst of light. Almost faster than his bullet, I wrapped my wings around him, but his blood was already dripping down his camouflage colored bedspread. A sticky puddle spread on the floor like a red pond welling up from the floorboards. Angels’ prayers fly as fast as lightning. My own flashed across the heavens. I didn’t know if I could save Nick, but I knew what I had to do. I knew I had to try.
Like a sand storm across the desert, I flew Nick back to the day his father left and placed him by the car. Nick watched his mother kiss his father good-bye, or was it his father who kissed his mother good-bye? He couldn’t tell. His father came around the front of the car to shake his hand, but Nick pulled him into a hug. It was the hug he needed to give since he was six years old and played soccer in his green and white uniform.
“I love you, Dad. I told you I would see you soon. I promised.”
Nick’s father said, “It’s not your time, son. Go back. She’ll take you.”
“Who?”
“The angel with her wings wrapped around you.”
Nick turned and saw a bright light and the tip of my wing. “But, I miss you, Dad.”
“I need you to do something for me.”
“Anything.”
“Take care of your mother, so she can take care of you.”
“I don’t know if I can.”
“You need each other.”
“But I want to go with you.”
“I’ll be here, son. I’ll never be far away. I promise.”
“I love you, Dad.” He smiled and waved good-bye to his soldier-father. 
*
In the blink of an eye, we were back in his room; his body slumped against me. I pulled out my cell phone and dialed 9-1-1. 
“This is 9-1-1. Please state your emergency.” 
“My friend shot himself. There’s blood everywhere,” I said as calmly as I could.
“Medics are on the way.”
“Thank you. Hurry!” Please save him, I pleaded. Please save him.  
*
A month later, Nick and his mother stood in the cemetery and said good-bye to Nick’s father, together. Nick, who pulled the trigger to end his own life, saw the light and found the forgiveness he needed in his father’s love and in his mother’s eyes.
Sometimes your life is not all about you.

Chapter 6
Earth Song
Eternity hums with every beating heart, with every up-lifted voice, with the crash of waves, the whirl of wind across the shifting dunes, the cry of sea birds, and the trumpets of heavenly angels. The songs of the universe have always been and continue forever. Can you imagine what the sheet music for this would look like? I picture ants marching up and down the outlines of mountains and skipping over clouds in 4:4 time. The melody of everything is perfection recorded in the stars, the warm earth beneath our feet, and in the souls angels and humans walk around with everyday. The Creator knew that without the music of the spark of the world, angels and humans alike would wither and fall into despair. 
Have you ever wondered why the tiny hairs on your arms rise in respect when your ears hear something profound or when your eyes see something majestic? How did you know it was profound or majestic? Who whispered the secret to you? When the sun rises in the east and sets the sky on fire, who commanded the tears to spill? What about when the music of a flute resonates so sweetly that no other sound except that seems real? When you passed through the atmosphere like a comet to live as a human child, the spark of the world touched your core. The universe imprinted on your soul, and mine, at our creation. 
Melody was born deaf, so when she speaks in class the words sound muffled and awkward. She talks with her hands and reads lips, if you look her in the eye. She lives peacefully in her own colorful, silent world. She can’t hear the screech of the school bells, the day’s announcements, the pledge of allegiance, or the cuss words bouncing in the air. Right now you’re probably thinking it’s an irony that a deaf girl has a name of harmonious sounds. Her parents didn’t know she was deaf when they named her and her name is her name. Melody was the song her parents waited for all their lives. 
I have a secret to tell you: You hear everything she doesn’t, and she hears things you probably miss. In her mind, she speaks with pictures and her own special music. 
Melody longed to hear what everyone else heard. Music was her obsession. She watched people dance to it when she could only feel the bass. It wasn’t the same and she knew it. She could read the words on the lips of a singer, but she couldn’t hear the difference between the round lipped soprano and the tenor. She despaired that the Creator gave her a passion for something she would never grasp. She read about Beethoven being deaf and composing his greatest music. How did he write his symphony? He was lucky he could hear when he was born. I’ll never know that sound. How could the Creator make me so deformed? Why did YOU give me this desire in my heart? Isn’t it miserable enough I can’t hear anything? I would give anything to hear music. Anything. What Melody didn’t understand was that she could hear the spark of the world…her arm hairs knew when to stand up in reverence, even if she didn’t recognize the beauty of the experience. I couldn’t blame her for wanting common hearing. I don’t know anyone who would willingly give up hearing this very second of their own freewill. 
Snow covered the streets and cars like a wool blanket. Unblemished snow always made Melody think of how her cat tried to hide under the sheets when she made her bed; his feline bump obvious to her under the sheet, but her cat believed himself invisible. Melody liked snow because the world looked like it sounded to hear; soft and covered up. Tonight, Melody sat reading a book about dragons in a chair by the fire in the living room. She wondered what a dragon’s roar would sound like. She closed her eyes and she could see the fire and smoke, but the intense volume of a roar escaped her. No one knows what a dragon sounds like anyway, not just me. It’s all made up...like my world. 
The house sat still and quiet under the glistening winter blanket. Melody was right about the snow-covered streets. Muffled sounds and hidden objects looked like the world sounded to her. She could feel the heat of the flames, see how they danced in the hearth, but she couldn’t hear the crackle and sizzle of the wood as it burned to honor her with heat. Melody touched the cover of her book. The dragon’s scales glittered with gold foil. Look at his long neck. So graceful. Powerful. In her mind, the dragon took flight on outstretched wings, soaring above a stormy sea. The artist drew this dragon the way I feel about dragons. If I could be a dragon rider, I’d want this one for my own. Then, I could hear him roar. I’d know the sound of his scales shaking together. I could dance on his back. To flutes and drums. Under the stars.
*
I sat on the front steps, waiting as the sky turned gold and blue, and my wings pushed my skin into sparkles. I walked through the front door, like the sound of a flute carried on the wind. I whisked Melody under my arm so quickly that her dragon book hung in the air for just a second, like a feather some bird lost in a frantic flight from a sharp-shinned hawk. Together we flew back to her beginning. Back to the egg in the creative soup of her creation. In the darkness of her mother’s womb, her ears tuned to the world spark. Melody heard her first sound; the hum of her mother’s voice singing as she rocked in a chair in the nursery, waiting for the song of her life to ripen.
Melody walked into class today with her red-tipped white cane. She tapped her way to her desk and sat down like she always did, humming a song. It sounded like silver and gold and rain playing tag. It made the hairs on my arm rise in respect. I recognized the sound of the world spark when I heard it. I wondered if anyone else in class felt it, too. Melody couldn’t see a thing. She was born blind, but her heart was bursting with the joy of sound.
I know you probably want an explanation for why Melody’s wish to hear blinded her. What kind of angel delivers a miracle by exchanging one malady for another? I ask you to consider this: what is a malady anyway? And how do you know? Because someone else experiences life differently than you? Melody was blind, but could hear the world spark the way her soul needed to hear it. It’s the way it was supposed to be. 

Chapter 7
Glass Pipe Dream
Sometimes people can be broken. An accident can break your body. It’s easy to recognize a broken finger or a broken leg. The white plaster cast is a dead giveaway. A romantic break up can rip your invisible heart into pieces. That kind of brokenness usually kills your appetite or makes you cry, or can even make you say mean things about the person who broke it. Did you know that a human spirit can also be broken? What would it look like if you could see it? What would you say if I told you a broken spirit looks like a dirty glass pipe? Would you believe me? 
When Virginia was a little girl, her father called her his Sweet Virginia. Virginia’s mother brushed her hair into pigtails and dressed her in pink dresses with lace ruffled socks. Virginia’s favorite shoes were a pair of black paten leather Mary Janes with silver buckles. She played hop-scotch and tag in her pigtails and fancy shoes. Her life was as perfect as any girls could be, until the day the city police arrested her father. The court sentenced him to spend the next twenty years of his life in jail. He embezzled money at his job to make his life at home easier. He never figured out that what he possessed in spirit and with his invisible heart was more valuable than what coin and paper could buy. 
Virginia made it to class several days a month, but never on a Monday or Friday. She always traipsed in tardy like a music diva. 
“Hey, where do I sit? I forget,” Virginia asked louder than the teacher’s voice.
The teacher nodded toward her desk.
“Where?! So not helpful.” Virginia rolled her eyes. 
“It’s not hiding from you, Virginia. The empty one in group four.”
“Where is group four? I told you I don’t know where I sit.”
“Maybe if you came to class more often, you would remember. If instead of interrupting every day, you actually did make it to class,” the teacher looked at the wall clock, “not tardy.” 
I raised my hand to wave her over to our table. Virginia strolled over and sat down. She put her tattered backpack on the table and spent the next few minutes pulling various things out of it that had nothing to do with school. She pulled out her cell phone, a bling-bling belt, an old shoe, and a crumpled up T-shirt. She looked at the boy in our table group and mouthed, What? with an angry curled lip. Can’t that asshole see I am looking for my pipe? I can’t have that shit falling out of my backpack in class. The boy just looked away, trying to pretend she wasn’t in our group. I heard him pleading to the school gods, Please don’t let this freak be my elbow partner today. 
“Virginia, settle down. Quit making a distraction of yourself.” When school began, our teacher always used a softer tone, but now—after five months of class—her patience with Virginia thinned almost to the width of a thread.
Virginia rolled her eyes into the back of her head. She mouthed, what-ev-er at the teacher’s back. What an ignorant bitch. Crap, what the hell class is this? All she knew was this was where to go after lunch. Stupid bitch teacher. Stupid kids. I wish that boy would quit freakin’ starin’ at me. I’m such a fuck-up. She always directed her angriest words at herself. She appeared to be disrespectful on the outside, but on the inside she hated herself more than anyone in the room could possibly hate her. Please, someone rescue me from this hell. 
Because Virginia didn’t want to embarrass herself, she tried to prove the teacher wrong about her not being able to sit still. She focused as hard as she could to hold her body calmly and serenely. She couldn’t do it. It looked like someone she didn’t know was driving her somewhere she didn’t want to go. Before long she began scratching the itchy scab on her arm. The skin on her face itched also, so she rubbed her checks. Her neck felt uncomfortable so she scratched at that, too. Then, it felt like ants were crawling on her legs and she couldn’t help but scratch them, too. Soon, her twisting caused her to bump her desk, which then wiggled the desk belonging to the boy she’d sneered at earlier while he tried to do his work. 
“Tweaker,” he muttered under his breath.
Virginia’s eyes narrowed to a dirty look.
“You stink like an ashtray, super-freak.” 
I probably do smell like cigarettes. Shit. She’d smoked two Marlboro Reds before class. She couldn’t think of a comeback. The truth was no one thought of her as sweet anymore. 
When the bell rang, Virginia didn’t go to her last class of the day because she never did...and even if she wanted to, she didn’t know where to go. Instead, she walked off campus to her dealer’s house, who was also her best friend, as if a drug dealer could be anyone’s real friend at all. Virginia wanted to smoke more meth. She wanted the feeling of being somebody special, instead of the crazy spaz everyone saw. Virginia knew she wasn’t the same girl on the inside or the outside. She wasn’t even sure where the girl she used to be went. 
How can people lose themselves when they can’t even leave their body? People lose themselves like a set of car keys, or a cell phone, or a quarter that slid down the side of a couch cushion. People lose their dreams and goals, and the stars that lit up their lives, because their spirits get broken. So don’t stand there with your broken spirit limp in your arms. Breathe life back into yourself. Virginia wanted to breathe the life back into her spirit, but she sucked the smoke from the glass pipe instead. Soon, she forgot her teacher, the kids who stared at her, her father in jail, her mother drunk on the couch, and mostly she forgot how much she despised her life. When she inhaled the acidic smoke, it curled around her lungs like an angry claw embracing her. It refused to let her go.
She remembered when she told herself that she would only try meth only once. She lost count of all the things she promised herself since then, that she would do only once. She promised herself she would never steal for meth, then she did it just once, then again. Broken. She promised herself she would never smoke during the week, then she did it just once, then again. Broken. She promised herself that she would never have sex for meth then she did it just once, then again. Broken. She screamed at herself in the mirror, I hate you! She said that more than once.
Virginia not only broke promises to herself, but she broke promises to everyone everywhere the way hens scatter seeds in their chicken coop. The truth gets surrounded by chicken shit and no one wants to sort it out. Who can smell the truth through the filth? It’s what happens when the spirit of a human is broken. The beautiful silver starred spirit you flew through the atmosphere with gets choked out by smoke from a glass pipe with sticky black tar at the tip. Even angels can weep. And when a human spirit gets broken, the tears of angels fall like rain. We weep because your soul is lost and you can’t find it. We weep because you have your own key in your pocket and you forgot what it was for in the first place. I knew I needed to help Virginia find her key.
*
I watched as Virginia crouched beneath a darkened street light. I knew her torment, so I waited until the gold and blue filled the sky above us and my human skin gave way to light and air. I wrapped Virginia in my arms and flew her back to the night she reached for the first glass pipe. 
Young people were everywhere—hanging over the front porch railing, on couches inside—and there were twinkle lights festively wrapped up the banister stairs where Virginia sat alone. A boy approached her. He sat down. 
“Hey,” he said.
“Hey,” she said.
“You look kinda down.” He smiled. 
“Just got a lot on my mind.” Virginia smiled back.
“You look too pretty to be so sad.” His eyes veiled the darkness that haunted him. 
“Thanks.”
“Um, you wanna feel better?”
“Yeah. I guess.” She liked that he thought she was too pretty to be sad. 
He held out a small glass pipe. “Try this. Just one hit will make you feel…better.”
I watched as Virginia contemplated the offer. She shivered as my wing brushed her shoulder.
“Did you feel that?” she asked the boy.
“No. Feel what?”
“Never mind. Nothing I guess.” Virginia put a hand out to take the pipe. The boy’s smile widened, his eyes got darker. Virginia’s hand touched the glass pipe as the tip of my wing swatted it across the room, startling them both. The pipe shattered into hundreds of needle thin shards.
“What the hell was that?” The boy stood up, looking around like someone was playing a sick joke on him.
“How can a pipe just fly out of my hand like that?” Virginia’s eyes grew rounder. I whispered in her ear, “Run.” I saw the hair on her arms stand up. And she bolted like she’d seen a ghost. She ran home as fast as she could. She ran until her lungs hurt and her sides pinched in pain. Was that real? Holy shit. What just happened? When she reached the safety of her house, she locked the door behind her. I’ll never talk to that guy again. Never!
*
On Monday, Virginia led our group practicing vocabulary flash cards. She passed out our note cards and told us to write down these words from our reading: faith, hope, and love. 
“We’re supposed to rank these in order of importance,” she said.
I stared at all three words. I couldn’t imagine any one of the words existing without the other. As an angel, they were all equally valuable. So, I made up a new word.
Virginia’s brows knit together. She looked at me. I shrugged and smiled at her.
“I get it,” she said. And I knew she did.
I had written: faithopevol. 

Chapter 8
Hate Ship
Olly’s name was Oliver. Everyone called him Olly, except the Math teacher who called him Oliver, which was how the class knew his real name in the first place. Olly shaved his head and wore heavy black combat boots every day to school. He doodled swastikas on all his homework papers, his backpack, and on his desk. Olly was in love with the idea of hate. He was proud to be white, so proud that he hated anyone else whose name even sounded brown or black or yellow. 
In the Eternity, everything in creation touches fingers and toes with everything else. All of life and empty space are bound through the Creator as if threaded together on a single string of stars; wrapped and looped across the universe. In the Eternity, everything is One. Everything is everything and nothing all at once. Skin is just a shell that holds the life spark you carry in one piece as you walk on Earth. Without your skin, you would melt into a puddle of blood and guts under a stack of bones. Did you ever think about your skin like that? If your human skin is a Tupperware, a function of the atmosphere and gravity, then you should pay more attention to what’s in the container. 
Olly only cared about the container. He judged every book by its cover the way his father taught him to do. Olly hung the Confederate flag for a curtain to block out the light and his father flew the American flag on a lighted pole in the front yard. Olly’s father allowed him to use the word “nigger” all he wanted. He whispered it under his breath at school, in the grocery store, in the bank, and even in front of his little brother. Everyone who wasn’t white was a “nigger” as far as Olly’s father was concerned. His father applauded his son’s vocabulary and his resolute ability to use it in the appropriate context of his own hate. 
People understand the philosophy of the black and white tear drops held together within a circle; the yin and yang, but the power of the symbol gets lost. The symbol is on surf wear and skate boards; worn as beads on a macramé thread; embroidered patches of it are sown on backpacks. People understand with their minds that there can be no light without the dark, but fail to comprehend with their invisible hearts and souls that this is the truth of the universe. All things exist because something else is or is not. 
Olly’s hate can only exist because he’s white and someone else isn’t. His hate can only exist because it’s the opposite of love. Olly’s just like everyone else. He walks with two feet. He washes his milk and cereal down his throat just like everyone else. But, have you ever wondered if brown eyes see the world differently than blue eyes? If everyone had the same skin color would Olly’s hate vanish into thin air? I don’t think so, because I hear inside his invisible heart. Olly’s hatred would beam out of his eyes like lasers at his reflection in the mirror.  
The bell rang and we shuffled, zipping our backpacks shut. The desks groaned and squeaked as we all got up and walked out of the classroom. 
“Good-bye, everyone. Have a good day,” the teacher said. 
I hate this school. Too many lowlifes. Olly walked out with his invisible heart, a buoy in his sea of hate.
Olly reminded me of a tragic story. He cursed everyone all the way to the next class. The noise in his head never stopped. It made me think about the opposite of loving to hate. Hating to love. Both are sad. Have you ever thought about what props up hate? Fear. Hate stands on fear with two feet so it can reach higher and higher. Olly feared love above all things, because love would wipe away the world his father’s father built, leaving him all alone in uncharted waters where he feared drowning more than anything else. 
*
I listened for the sound of Eternity to sweep me into its embrace. My human skin dissolved into air as the first star popped into the sky above me. I swooped down through the roof of Olly’s house and found him sleeping peacefully in bed. I grabbed him like a thief in the night, little more than a wisp of blue light in my arms. We flew back hundreds of years. Olly’s wishes required iron and whips to break him free. 
I heard the Atlantic rush under me as I passed over the years to Sierra Leone and the slave ship christened Hope. I laid Olly in the hold of Hope where he opened his eyes. He looked around and saw the yellowed eyes staring back at him from the dark. He looked down at his feet, which were slipping in chunky, putrid ooze. “Holy shit. Vomit. I’m standing in fucking throw up.” He tried to step away, but the iron shackles prevented him from going anywhere. He attempted to pull his feet out of the iron bands, but his wrists were shackled, too. “What the fuck?” Olly screamed as he pulled and yanked on the chains that bound him. 
“Where the hell am I?” The smell finally hit his stomach with the roll of the ship and he vomited until his guts felt like they would fall out. 
“You’re on board a slave ship, nigger.” 
“What?” Olly managed to look in the direction of the voice, but saw nothing except darkness. Then, he noticed the body he was in. It was his body. He felt his arms and legs, but his skin was as black as the wet mud along the riverbanks in springtime. He was black. “Holy shit! What the fuck is going on?” Fear shook his guts until he shit down his leg. Now, he stood in his own excrement and someone else’s vomit, in shackles that bit into his ankles and wrists, creating bloody circles. He began to cry. 
A dirty sailor, a scallywag with a heart like a buoy in his own sea of hate, just like Olly’s was a second ago before he opened his eyes, unlocked the shackles from Olly’s wrists and feet. Olly tried to thank the stranger, but he was shoved up the wooden stairs into the light of a bright blue sky. He noticed the clouds; rounded white shapes hanging suspended like props against a backdrop. Shakespeare once said, All the world’s a stage and we are merely players, and today Olly played front and center in the human drama of his life. The sun above him wasn’t the warm summertime sun, but a harsh spotlight for the show he was about to perform. There were no tickets for this dance, or formal pleasantries or partners to hold. I watched everything unfold from behind my fiddle. The sailor nodded in my direction. Today, I would play a tune and Olly would dance against his will. I brought the ratty bow up to the worn strings of my instrument. I placed my fingers on the neck and drew the cheerful sound from the belly of the fiddle. It sang a happy tune so out of place with the hate that a tear slide down my cheek. Olly was confused by the music and the circle of eyes staring at him, waiting for the performance of his exercises. 
“What do you want?!” Olly screamed. “What?!” He began to cry angry, fearful tears.
“Dance, blackie. Dance to the fiddle player.” A short sailor with a grey ponytail cracked a whip at Olly’s feet, striking his small toe with the tip of the whip. He screamed, and the sailors who were gathered around began to laugh. The force of their laughter rumbled up with such force they tilted their heads back to release the sound. 
They laughed facing the heavens and wrapped their arms around their guts. The whip came down again and Olly jumped to miss the searing pain. The sailors’ amusement rolled like a sea of swells building energy that would one day land on a distant shore. Their laughter split their sides, so they laughed harder. The whip cracked again and again, so Olly jumped again and again. Now, he was dancing to my fiddle, hopping up and down as the wicked whip snapped and cracked at his bloodied feet despite all his dancing. His voice became so hoarse from screaming that it simply vanished. I played my fiddle faster. His mouth opened with silent screams now, but inside his invisible heart I heard him pleading with the Creator to make it all stop…The sun overhead blinked behind a cloud. The fiddle dropped to the deck, making the sailors look in the direction of the thump.
“Where’d the fiddle player go?” someone asked.
“He was right there…” a confused sailor said. At that precise moment, Olly’s shackles fell loose at his feet. He rushed for the side of the ship called Hope, a ship of hate, and he jumped into the sea, 
leaving bloody footprints behind on the freshly scrubbed deck. I dove in after him. 
*
The alarm clock in Olly’s room woke him from the cold blackness engulfing him. He coughed up water. His bones ached. A foul stench like rotten meat, sour breath, and shit filled his nose. He looked around his room. Everything appeared the same, but felt different. His heavy black combat boots were still sitting neatly side by side next to his closet. He looked down at his arms. 
“I’m white. I’m white again.” He threw back his covers and examined his feet. “All my toes are perfect.” He remembered the laughter, the fiddle, and drowning in the great blue emptiness and he cried into his hands. We are all perfect. In his invisible heart, Olly knew for the very first time in his life that you are all perfect…as the Creator intended you to be. How could you not be? You are the stuff of star dust endowed with sacred spirits. 
Olly noticed the Confederate flag still hung over his window. He remembered the day he hung it up. He was angry that a family of Blacks had moved across the street from his house. He hung the flag to send his message of hate into their living room view. We are all perfect. Olly got up from his warm bed and walked to the window. A sound built in his gut with gale force winds fed by anger, frustration, redemption, and freedom. YYYAAAAAHHHHH! With one swift stroke he yanked the flag curtain off the wall. The push pins that held it to the wall flew across the room into corners and crevices unknown. He didn’t care. He just wanted the flag down. He crumpled it up into a ball and threw it in the trash can next to his desk. He didn’t care what his father would say. The dusty morning sun flooded into his room, which had been dark for so long. 
So, the next time you think you are nothing, remember this and smile in your heart where it matters. Know that you are all perfect. You might be wondering why I played the music that Olly danced to. Because, sometimes music changes everything.

Chapter 9
Bandana Legacy
This morning in Political Science class we read the newspaper. Our teacher told us to find a current event to read and summarize with our group. She handed me the Lifestyle section. I folded each page back until I saw the obituaries. I’m curious about obituaries, because it’s where legacies live in black ink on flimsy paper that’s eventually recycled or crumpled in the trash can under coffee grounds and banana peels. Obituaries are full of surprises. I mean, have you ever read an obituary and thought that it didn’t describe the person you knew at all? Or that there was so much more to a person than you ever knew? Maybe you asked yourself if you ever really knew them at all. I wonder, sometimes, how much of the ode is newly penned mythology of a person’s life written to wipe away the tears from loved one’s eyes because it’s too late? Sometimes, people cry because death comes too soon.
Death causes great pain for those left behind, but without death life can’t continue. Do you understand? People must go back to the ether, so that we, even angels, can measure life today. When you walk around all day, leaving your footprints in the dust and grass, what are the footprints saying about you? The trail you leave behind is what others follow to gather up your remnants, so someone can write about you in black ink on flimsy paper when you slip from this skin back to star dust and ether. I decided on an obituary for my current event. 
When the bell rang, I packed up my binder like everyone else and moved to my next class. We had exactly seven minutes to walk from room to room, so we rushed like cattle bumping into each other down the main hallway. In my head, as I walked, I tried to count how many new humans had just flown like fiery streaks through the atmosphere. I counted them by the seconds. Walking in front of me was a boy named Ramon, who was supposed to be in the Political Science class I just left, but he didn’t show up today. A red bandana hung from his right back pocket. When he walked, it peeked out from under his oversized white T-shirt like a blinking neon light flashing his pain and hurt with every step for the world to see. He didn’t understand that, but I did. I heard his anger as he walked with a slight shuffle like one leg was heavier than the other. His black pants were neatly cuffed at the hem. His Nike tennis shoes, scrubbed a brilliant white, laced with red shoe strings, sported a red “N” for Nike. The “N” also stood for Norteño. With Ramon everything was red, because he wanted it to mean something in his life like it did for his father. 
Ramon’s father lived inside a concrete box festooned with coiled razor wire to remind him that he no longer lived on the outside. He slept behind rusted bars that needed repainting. He waited for the day when his son would write him another letter. He kept the letters in a shoebox under his bunk. Sometimes, when he sat alone, he took them out and counted them. There were ten, one for each birthday he missed on the outside. He said he needed glasses, so he could get someone to read them out loud to him. He would’ve written back, but he didn’t know how to write. No one noticed that, but I knew. They thought Ramon’s father’s invisible heart was like iron, hard like his eyes, but I could still hear the little boy he used to be. On the inside, his father lived with fury because his father abandoned him and the poverty that followed was so thin, that when it wrapped around his little boy shoulders, it didn’t keep him warm. So, Ramon’s father wore red on the outside to survive. Before the policia came to take him away, he handed his faded red bandana to his eldest son. It was all he had to give to the boy he loved with all his invisible heart. Sometimes, a legacy looks like a faded red bandana.
What if I told you that what you do on Earth while you are alive is more important than what people say about you when you leave them behind? Your legacy breathes into the bones of the people you love and who love you back. It lives while you live. What are you doing every day with your star-filled spirit and bones? Why aren’t you dancing in the rain? Put your feet in a thunderstorm shower as it pours over the edge of a roof. Get wet and live while you can. Soon enough your spirit will slip like a banana from its peel back to star dust and ether. 
Every day after school Ramon walked a perilous path. He walked down one street then wove across to another, ducking and hiding all the way home. Sometimes, if he felt safe, he stopped at the corner market for a RedBull and a bag of red hot Cheetos. Ramon loved red like a ladybug loves her red shell wings with black spots. Red. It’s the color of blood that runs like a river from invisible hearts when bullets fly like butterflies and knives flash like fool’s gold in a riverbed. Red is the color of Ramon’s fear, his loneliness, and his anger on the inside where it matters, because his father left him nothing but the bandana, a sad weeping mother, and three little hermanos. So he loved red, hoping it would take the sting of his life out of his eyes. 
I was already a shadow in the corner of the living room when Ramon walked into his house. He flipped the light switch up. The lamp on the side table flickered dimly. 
“I can’t believe it. The lights actually work.” He walked to the refrigerator and opened the door. The light bulb blinked until it finally stayed on. “Lights, but no food. Fuckin’ figures.” 
When he gets home most days, his moms isn’t there. She always tells him she has to work all the time, but he’s not really sure if that’s true. He doesn’t know where all the money goes. A commotion on the front porch made Ramon freeze. The front door flew open as his three little hermanos burst through the door. 
“Hola, Ramon!” said the eldest little hermano.
“Ramon!” said the middle youngest, who fist bumped his big brother.
“Can we have a snack?” the youngest one asked with a big smile.
“Go to your friends’ house. Hang out for a while. Maybe you can get something to eat there.”
“But, I’m hungry now,” the youngest hermano insisted.
“There’s nothing here to eat.”
“We always have to go somewhere. Why didn’t mama buy some food for us?”
“I don’t know.” Ramon felt ashamed of his mother. I fuckin hate you, bitch.
I heard the hurt in his voice as he cursed his mother in his heart, while he scooted his little hermanos out the door. 
Ramon walked to the living room to watch television. At least the electricity is paid. A tarnished gold frame with a portrait of a man sat on the living room side table with dust thick enough I could’ve written my name across the wood. The man’s black hair was slicked back with pomade and his chin tilted up at the camera. His eyes stared out from under the red bandana wrapped around his forehead. Ramon walked by the table with the portrait to reach for the remote control on the coffee table. He didn’t even look at the man in the frame who had handed him a legacy that looked like a red bandana hanging out of his right back pocket blinking like a neon sign when he walked. He turned on the television, but the cable was out. Noisy grey fuzz filled the black screen. He turned the television off and stared into the blackness until he could see himself. “Puta!” He shook his head in disgust.
Ramon loved his family, but he loved red more because he believed in his invisible heart that red would put the purpose of star dust into his life. Red loved him back with fierceness and weed and forties bought with recycled aluminum cans and false I.D.s. Red was a wolf that snarled and curled its lip up at life. It bit and snapped and lived on a leash. It choked down souls piece by piece and was always hungry for more. Red blinded Ramon, yet it was all he could see clearly. 
I watched as Ramon pulled a stolen gun out from under his bed. His red family gave it to him in a crumpled brown paper bag. He pulled it slowly from the bag. He turned it over and over in his hands. It was heavy and cold in his palm. The bullets sounded like jingle bells in the bottom of the bag. He counted each metal casing as he pushed each bullet one by one into the magazine. They will all fall down, one by one. His anger pulsed and pushed into his eyes. 
Once brown and round and full of innocence, they were now hardened by the red bandana. They will all fall down, one by one. I am a soldier now. His mother used to wonder out loud where her little boy went, the one she would kiss good night in his Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle pajamas. He went away, bitch, when you started drinking and disappearing when Pops went to prison. His little hermanos wondered out loud where their big brother went when he left them alone in the house in the dark of night. Lock the door and mind your own business. I heard what he was planning. I knew that tonight blood would run like a river from an invisible heart when bullets flew like butterflies and knives flashed like fool’s gold in a riverbed. 
It wasn’t just the darkness concealing my human form from Ramon and two other pairs of red eyes, who vigilantly watched for black-and-whites and patriotic sirens, and witnesses, who would probably tape their own mouths shut, but their blindness to life. Ramon and the two other boys hustled on foot across poorly lit streets for blocks and blocks until they saw the house they searched for. People wearing blue shirts and socks stood around drinking beer, laughing, and talking. A dog barked. The sound of children laughing carried on the cool night air. Ramon saw red and stalked the house perimeter, careful to stay in the shadows like he was a wraith. Blood raced through his veins, his heart pounded like a hammer in his chest, and his hand shook as he drew a bead on a man in a blue shirt. Ramon forgot to hold his breath, so his bullet flew like a butterfly with no apparent direction and landed in the head of a child whose big brother screamed. The big brother slammed his knees into the ground as he desperately reached to hold his little hermano’s head together with his bare hands. The child’s blood flowed like a river onto the concrete seeping into the cracks and into the grass. I cried for the big brother, not the child. The little hermano left his love behind and slipped into star dust before his big brother finished screaming. Ramon and his two red friends ran into the blackness, but not before the boys wearing blue shirts and socks saw them. As he ran, Ramon’s red bandana slipped from his pocket. I picked it up and walked away. They never saw me. Their hate for life and their hurt blinded them. 
Two days later, Ramon came back to school and walked into Political Science class as if nothing had happened. He told everyone he went to L.A. to visit his primos, but I know he needed to hide as much from what happened as from himself. He sat down at my table. We were reading current events again. I handed him the flimsy paper with black ink. He saw the picture of a little boy and the black ink spilled the words that puddled into a story about how the little hermano had been killed by a bullet intended for his big brother who wore a blue shirt and blue socks. The article was short because the boy’s life was too short on this Earth, as everyone says when death takes a child. Ramon’s eyes stared at the story. 
I leaned over and whispered, “I think you dropped this when your bullet flew like a butterfly.”
Ramon looked down at the bandana on the desk we shared. His hard eyes opened wide. “Where? Donde? How the fuck? Holy christos!” He jumped up from the desk like his chair had suddenly caught fire, and grabbed the bandana as if it would spill the truth like blood all over the desk. He shoved his legacy into his back right pocket where it lived. He ran from class without saying good-bye to anyone. He ran all the way home with the wolf chasing him and snapping at his heels. I prayed that the wolf hadn’t yet swallowed the last piece of who Ramon was meant to be when he flew to Earth on his trail of diamonds and dust to live as a little boy.
*
In the early evening, on that very day, I waited for the moment the sky turned gold and lavender and the first star popped into the twilight sky, before I slipped like a shadow into the room Ramon shared with the littlest hermano. I covered the little boy who had curly black hair and brown eyes with my invisible wings the very second the car raced by. Bullets flew like butterflies and I saw them all. Ramon screamed and ran down the hall to his room. He opened the door, knowing he would find his little hermano washing away in a river of blood that flowed from his invisible big brother heart. He stopped short when he opened the door. Bullets had blown out the window. Shards of glass sparkled on the bedspread and across the floor like stars on a clear summer night. The curtains were shredded and bullets plugged the thin drywall with lead across the room. His littlest hermano sat up.
“Who was that, Ramon?” His brown eyes round and full of wonder. 
Ramon was unsure how to answer, so he questioned, “Who was what?”
The littlest hermano tilted his head to one side. “Who was hugging me when the bullets flew like butterflies?”
“Where did you hear that?” Ramon asked.
“Hear what?”
“That bullets fly like butterflies?”
“A girl told me in my ear. She said she could see them all.” 
Ramon’s eyes widened and he crossed himself. He remembered when his abuela taught him about angels. Her sparkling brown eyes had looked closely into his little boy eyes when she said…Always be kind to strangers because one day, one of them might be an angel who is here to test you. Ramon’s knees slammed to the bare floor. He put his heavy head into his shaking hands and cried. His invisible heart screamed with his frustration and his hurt. He cried a river so deep and so wide the hardness fell from his eyes. His little hermano got up from the bed and hugged his big brother as hard as he could.
“I love you, Ramon. Can I have ice cream now?”
The greatest legacy you have is to love and be loved in return.

Chapter 10
The Sweetest Sound
Home is a journey beginning with a shooting star. You travel on purpose, through swirling diamond dust and cold purple dreams, through the atmospheric barrier where you catch fire with life. You are the shooting star of your own life as you fly toward your destination of skin and bones, and guts and a home. Sometimes four walls and roof get confused with a home. Home is where the love that nurtures you rises like a song at sunrise. It is where you learn what being precious feels like in your mother’s eyes. Home is where you learn what being safe feels like in your father’s arms. Home is where love is in the refrigerator next to the milk and cheese. You can take your first steps anywhere. 
Nalae packed up her clothes in a dirty orange backpack as the sun rose every Monday through Friday. She used a big safety pin to keep it closed. She scooted out of the car, looking around to make sure that no one from school was there. She hiked the backpack over her shoulder and walked across the Wal-Mart parking lot and went into the store. She didn’t intend on buying anything; she didn’t have any money. Nalae and her little sister used the Wal-Mart bathroom because they lost their house to the bank three months ago and lived in their car. If she got in the bathroom early enough, no one stared or asked stupid questions. She splashed cold water on her face and washed her hair with hand soap. She hated how the foamy soap made her hair stiff and fuzzy, but it was better than being called grease-head. She used the brown service towels to wash her arms and legs. The last thing she always washed was her feet. She balanced on each leg, one at a time, to get each foot in the sink. She scrubbed the soles as hard as she could, but she could never quite wash the homelessness off of them. So far, no one from Wal-Mart tried to stop Nalae or her sister from using the bathroom. She gratefully wiped down the sink and the mirror and the floor every morning. 
Today in class, Nalae realized that she forgot to exchange her dirty clothes for her school books when she left the Wal-Mart bathroom and went back to the car. Her little sister had needed her hair brushed. She had tangles from sleeping with her head smashed into the corner of the door and the back seat. It took longer than Nalae expected to smooth the wild, matted mess her sister woke up with. She hurried out of the car to walk the two miles to school. She was only five minutes late to her first class, but the teacher marked her tardy anyway. 
“Why are you tardy, Nalae?” our teacher asked.
“I don’t know. I didn’t get up early enough, I guess.” 
“You have lunch detention. That’s two tardies in two days.”
“Okay,” Nalae said out loud. But I heard what she said inside her head. What am I supposed to tell her? That it’s a long walk from the Ford Expedition to school? That I had to get ready in a public bathroom? Nalae’s eyes watered as she sat at her desk with a backpack full of damp dirty clothes and no binder or homework. I could hear her mortified voice repeating, OMG, what if someone finds out? I handed her some notebook paper and a pen. 
“Thanks,” she whispered. 
Homework and damp clothes were the least of Nalae’s problems. Her stomach grumbled with emptiness. She wrapped her arm across her waist to muffle the sound of her homelessness. She refused to look up at anyone in class, but she did keep glancing at the clock on the wall that always ran three minutes slow. This class takes forever. Stupid clock. The second hand tapped each black dot, one by one, circling around the clock face over and over all morning long in every class until the lunch bell rang her relief. 
Kids crowded into the cafeteria line; quite a few kids who she used to know, but who she now mostly ignored. They didn’t know her father lost his job and that she lived in a car in the Wal-Mart parking lot, but they knew her mother died two years ago. They knew that soon after the funeral, Nalae withdrew from polite high school society and went underground. She started dressing in black from head to toe, smudging black kohl around her eyes like an Egyptian princess, and dyeing her dark blonde hair jet black. She dropped out of honor choir and never looked back. 
She punched her seven digit number into the computer at the cash register to get her free lunch. She was so grateful for the soggy sandwich with mix and match white and wheat bread slices stuck together by sticky yellow cheese that she thanked the cafeteria lady with a shy smile she rarely showed to anyone. In a corner booth, she ate not only in silence, but in self-imposed exile. She ate the entire sandwich with her fingers ripping one small piece off at a time. It lasted longer that way. Her very best girlfriends, the ones who knew what her mother’s chocolate chip cookies tasted like hot and melting from the oven, didn’t eat with her anymore because they ate at Taco Bell or McDonalds. They wouldn’t be caught dead eating in the cafeteria where the disabled kids and immigrants ate…where she ate. She wasn’t sure if they were even her friends anymore. They all had cell phones and computers, but she didn’t have anything like that anymore. On the inside, where it mattered, she felt relieved they ignored her because she didn’t have to lie about her dad losing his job at the insurance company or talk about how the Sherriff came and escorted them from their house. The disabled kids and immigrants never asked her why she was in there with them. They didn’t care.
We understand the concept that “you don’t know what you have until it’s gone” but we ignore it mostly. Every day the green grass blades bend and flatten under our feet as we walk from one place to another, with each blade remaining changed even after we are long gone. No one ever thanked the grass for softening their footsteps along the way to gym class. What if a pebble jumped into your shoe? How many steps would you take before you knelt down to remove it? You don’t think about the sacrifice of the grass until the pebble reminded you that your life used to be different.
Nalae’s homelessness really began when her mother died, not the first night they slept in the car under the stars. Her mother went to the grocery store one day and never came back. Hours after she had left to buy butter, brown sugar, and Hersey’s chocolate chips, her father got a phone call. Nalae remembered how he slumped over the counter and howled. It rattled her that her father’s body shook like an oak tree in a savage storm. She never worried about anything because her father seemed so strong on the outside. She tried to hug him as the tempest of tears ripped his invisible heart out by the root. 
“Don’t cry, Daddy. Don’t cry.”
 When he could finally speak, Nalae’s father said with a voice as wretched as his sobbing, “A car ran a red light...your mother. She’s gone. They said she didn’t suffer. She’s gone, Nalae. What am I supposed to do?” 
At the funeral, Nalae didn’t shed a single tear. Pale pink roses draped her mother’s casket, trailing like a floral curtain down the church isle. Her mother used to love pink roses and the hymn Amazing Grace that the choir sang as the pallbearers wheeled the casket to the front of the sanctuary. At the cemetery, Nalae plucked a single pink bud from the casket arrangement and tried to recall the sound of her mother singing the hymn Amazing Grace while she baked chocolate chip cookies in the kitchen, but she couldn’t remember the sound of her mother’s voice at all. When she got home, she put the wilting bud into her jewelry box. Everyone said she looked so strong, but that was only on the outside. On the inside, Nalae shriveled up like a raisin. 
Have you ever noticed that the things that end up mattering most in life are the things most easily overlooked? Like the sun that spreads warmth across your shoulders, or the sleepy smile of a baby while sugarplum-filled dreams danced in her eyes. Or the way your belly hurt when you laughed so hard the milk came out of your nose, or the smile your mother gave you as you rushed out the door. Not until you lost it all would you appreciate any of it. When you have it, you walk right over it, like the green grass.
Nalae’s loss colored her world with shades of silent grey and painful black. Her invisible heart broke. It was easy to live in a cramped Ford Expedition; it was hard to live without the voice of her mother singing in the kitchen while she baked chocolate chip cookies. It was easy to balance on one leg at a time and wash her dirty feet; it was hard to think she was forgetting her mother. It was easy to rim her eyes with kohl; it was hard to hold back the tears she couldn’t find. It was easy to forget the house they used to live in; it was unbearable to live every day without her mother and watch her father shrivel into a raisin. Daddy, please don’t cry any more. Please, don’t cry. It’s breaking my heart. Her father’s pain was tearing her invisible heart in half. So she lined her eyes with more kohl. Daddy, I don’t care about the house. Please, stop crying. Nalae’s darkest fear was that her father would die, too, leaving her alone with her little sister. What would I do? What would I do? So she wore black to save her from her fears.
*
I watched as Nalae did her homework in the dimming light of day. The sky began to turn from pale blue to pink until finally the twilight purple began to spread from the edge of the universe. The first star was just about to blink into the first blush of night colors and my human bindings released me. I touched Nalae like a warm fog and her eyes closed with sugarplum dreams. 
She saw her mother baking chocolate chip cookies while she sang:
Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound,
That saved a wretch like me...
I once was lost but now am found,
Was blind, but now, I see.
T’was Grace that taught...
my heart to fear.
And Grace, my fears relieved.
How precious did that Grace appear...
the hour I first believed.
Through many dangers, toils and snares...
we have already come.
T’was Grace that brought us safe thus far...
and Grace will lead us home.
“Mama, is that you?” Tears blurred Nalae’s sight. 
Her mother turned around and smiled so brightly, Nalae shielded her eyes. “Yes, it’s me.”
“Mama, I miss you so much.”
“I’m sorry I had to leave you.”
Nalae’s throat tightened and she didn’t recognize her own voice, “I’m so lonely.”
“Don’t be lonely my sweet girl.”
“I’m afraid because Daddy is so sad.”
Her mother wrapped her arms around her weeping daughter and stroked her black hair until it turned blonde again. “My darling girl, I am always with you. I’m in the sunshine that falls across your shoulders. I’m in the stars you look upon. I’m in the love you and Daddy and your little sister have for each other. Look for home inside the love Nalae.”
*
The next day in class when Nalae opened her backpack it was full of pink roses. She looked around the room.
“They’re beautiful,” I said.
“Where did they come from?” Nalae was confused.
“Your mother.”
Nalae’s eyes watered, “How do you know that?”
“Weren’t pink roses her favorite?”
“Ladies! Quit talking in the back,” our teacher sternly warned, “now!”
I shrugged like it was nothing. I felt Nalae’s heart fill with warm remembrances of her mother. It was exactly what she needed.
Sometimes, memories can heal us.

Chapter 11
Full-Grind
Jay had a tattoo of Jesus on his back. He wasn’t old enough to get a tattoo, but his friend’s uncle’s friend had a tattoo shop and did the major ink on a minor anyway. The guy told Jay that for a single crisp Benjamin he could get whatever he wanted. He flipped through the design book pages with bold Birdhouse screaming hawk skulls flicking red-tongued flames, clean Element trees ringed with fat circles, and the signature triple “P” surrounded by Powell-Peralta’s clutching bones. Anyone who thought they knew ska8rat Jay would have thought he’d pick one of those iconic symbols of his passion, because of how he represented on the outside and the fact no one had ever seen him without a skateboard since he was seven. Jay flipped past all of the expected choices until he got to the religious Latino art. 
“This one.” Jay pointed.
The tattoo artist eyed the scrawny ska8ter, then his choice. “That’s permanent, dude.”
Jay looked at him. “Yeah, I know. That’s why it’s a tattoo.”
“It’s cool. Take your shirt off. Sit in this barstool backwards. Lean over. Cross your arms…and let me do the rest.”
The artist noticed all the faded silvery pink lines crisscrossing in all directions over Jay’s back. He didn’t ask any questions. He spent three hours buzzing a black and shaded portrait of Jesus wearing a crown of thorns into Jay’s back. The thorny crown pressed so tightly against Jesus’ head drops of blood ran down his high boned cheeks. 
“For an extra twenty spot I’ll color the blood red.” So, Jay handed him a twenty. He wanted Jesus’ blood to run red like his own. Jay understood this suffering, abandoned Jesus, not the Jesus with flowing robes with serenity beaming from his eyes. 
People like to mark themselves with ink on the outside, because they’re trying so hard to let others know what they’re feeling on the inside. Have you ever thought that a razor-scratched symbol on your outer layer illuminates truth like a burning bush on a mountain top? Ink tells others if you have suffered a loss or rebirth; have children or have a lover you are doomed to break ties with. Ink screams your gang affiliation, your passions, your life story. Ink reveals if you are crazy, rebellious, or fresh out of prison, all without actually having to say a thing. Because your skin separates you from each other, I think your spirit gets lonely with only your blood and guts and bones. Ink lets you lift the lid on your Tupperware. Why is it so hard to look into the eyes of someone and see them for who they truly are? The windows to your star and diamond dust filled spirit get clouded by life so communicating with ink and blood rising to the surface of your skin as the ink goes in relieves the isolation. The pain of the razor-tipped needle reminds you of who you are on the inside, because you’re decorating the outside. 
Jay tattooed Jesus on his back because he wanted someone on his side. He didn’t want to bleed alone anymore. He first learned about blood when his mother’s boyfriend back-handed him across the living room when he was just five human years old. He flew like a cotton-stuffed doll, defying gravity until he slammed against the thin wall on the opposite side of the room, landing in a heavy heap of twisted arms and legs. His mother watched with wide, blank eyes and sat mutely by, because her windows were clouded with her own life. She couldn’t help Jay anymore than she could help herself. Jay cried as he lay slumped against the wall. It was the first time blood trickled into his eyes, but it wouldn’t be the last. His little boy tears mixed with the crimson drops and seeped into the corners of his mouth. Afraid to spit it out, he swallowed the salty, metallic bitterness. The alchemy of salt and blood fused redemption and courage into rebellion. 
The blood continued to run until Jay was old enough to run from it. Silver slivers and dark blotchy gouges where pieces of flesh used to be marred his perfect purpose. He knew each mark on his body. He knew if it came by violence or dare-devilry on the skate ramp. What no one understood was that these marks on the outside paled in comparison to the scars he carried on the inside, like Jesus’, ragged and raw cutting deep past the bones into the star-filled spirit. Jesus was Jay’s hero, not because some believed him a savior for people who screwed up their lives with bullshit, but because Jesus was an underdog. The world was against him. The world beat him. The world slammed death into his wrists and feet and stabbed his belly until his guts spilled. And then, the guy showed them all who was “the man”…he rose from the dead and said try again suckers! Jay took the beatings from his mother’s boyfriend who became his step-father. He learned that blood and violence mingled together and created life. Jay felt like an underdog with the world grinding against him…Try again suckers!
For comfort he escaped to the dirty graffitified Westside with his pit-bull, Puna, pulling him on his skateboard. Together they flew down the curving neighborhood streets; grinding curbs all the way to the mini-mart where they’d split a burrito and a Sprite. Jay liked the rhythmic whirl of the wheels against the pavement shuttling beneath him. He liked hearing his skateboard grind against the cement. He liked how gaining speed or altitude pumped adrenaline and electricity into his body. It made him feel alive like when the blood and ink mixed when he got his Jesus tattoo. Sometimes, he caught a rough rim and flew head over heels into road rash or broke bones defying gravity at the ramp with his crew, the Rasta Ramp Boyz. One time, Jay broke his leg when flying through a frontside ollie and gravity slammed him down the eleven foot half pipe. He couldn’t skate for almost three long months with his leg immobilized in plaster up to his hip. The noise in his head became so loud that one day, without seeing a doctor, he peeled the cast off himself. His leg was scrawny, pale, and itchy. He went straight back to the Rasta Ramp with Puna pulling him at breakneck speed all the way. If Jay wasn’t on the edge of something, the loneliness on the inside caught up with him. If he wasn’t bloodied or bruised, the boredom nipped at his heels with more ferocity than the jaws of his hound. Noise filled his mind all the time. He needed to stay moving so he didn’t have to listen to it. 
In English class today, I heard Jay wonder about Ophelia again. Lately, his thoughts about her consumed him even above the other noisy thoughts. Where is she? He kept replaying the day she left like a favorite movie. A year ago her father took a job on the other side of the country, so she moved away.
“I won’t forget you,” Jay said.
“I know. I won’t forget you either,” Ophelia said.
“I’ve never loved anyone before,” Jay whispered, “and now you’re leaving.”
“Promise I’ll write every day.” 
“Every day?” Jay smiled at her.
“Well, maybe not every day. You know what I mean, Jay.” 
“Jay?”
He looked down into her eyes, waiting.
“I love you, too,” Ophelia said, “and it hurts already. I’m not even gone yet.” 
“I know,” Jay kissed the top of her head, because Ophelia’s father was watching them. “Just send me letters, okay?”
“Okay.” That was the last thing she said to his face before she got in the car and left.
Jay stood on the sidewalk and watched her parents drive away with the only thing he’d ever loved. She was the only thing in his life that hadn’t hurt him. He let tears slide down his cheek unchecked, until they seeped into the corners of his mouth, tasting like an ocean of sorrow. Finally, he wiped them away with the back of his hand. His tears might as well have been blood because watching her exit his life twisted like a knife in his invisible heart, causing his eyes to leak. It broke my heart when he replayed that scene, because I heard all his pain mingled in the memory. 
Every day when Jay was supposed to be doing his class work, he wrote letters to Ophelia and drew her little cartoons about a Martian he called Gorf. I could hear the constant noise in his head; it never stopped, like the wheels of a skateboard whirling through his mind. Why doesn’t she answer my letters anymore? Why has she forgotten me? Jay kept all her letters with lipstick kisses and perfume in a Vans shoebox in his closet. She even sent him pictures. He put his favorite one of her wearing his T-shirt in his wallet. He told all his friends she was coming back and they were going to be together forever. However, not a single letter in over three months made his faith waver. He trusted her and now she was strangely silent. Because of her, Jay learned about the tenderness of love. He’d let her past the wall of scars he’d been building since he was five and tasted blood for the first time. Being whipped with a belt, slammed with a fist, or snapping his leg on the half pipe didn’t hurt as bad as not knowing if she still loved him back. 
The teacher read an excerpt of Lord Tennyson’s epic poem, In Memorium. Jay stopped doodling a wizard on a letter when a verse caught his attention: 
I hold it true, whate’er befall;
I feel it, when I sorrow most;
‘Tis better to have loved and lost,
Than never to have loved at all.
Immediately, his noisy brain pulled up the image of him wrapping his arms around her and kissing the top of her head with a good-bye. Bullshit. I heard Jay’s thoughts loud and clear. I wish I’d never loved at all. He crumpled up the letter.
After school, I followed Jay, but he didn’t see me. It didn’t occur to him that anyone really paid attention to him at all. He rode with his pain and his board everywhere he went. Noise. I heard his pain like a bass guitar rhythm beating in time to the whirl of the wheels. Noise. His invisible heart filled with unshed tears and painful questions. Noise. I watched as he stepped on the board and flipped the nose of it up into his hand. He stood on the side of the busy two lane road, watching the traffic. The narrow hill’s yellow slotted line beckoned Jay like the curled finger of Michelangelo’s Finger of God sparking life into man. With calm deliberation, he walked into the afternoon traffic as if nothing else existed and he was completely alone on the road and in the world. His thoughts, however, raced with lightning speed…Fuck this, fuck her, fuck everybody. 
And then, something I’d never experienced before happened…Jay’s noisy mind went silent. I heard nothing. It was like I listening to blackness or a great emptiness. I didn’t even hear the wind, the birds, the cars… nothing. My legs buckled and I fell to my knees in the long grass I was standing on. Remember when I told you that I learned about loneliness because of this human skin? Today, I learned about fear as well. With twilight hours away, I had no way to call up my wings to guard and guide Jay. I hadn’t heard this coming through the noise.
I looked up at the sky and asked, “Why did you put me here. What am I supposed to do?”
The gentle hand of the Creator twisted the wind through the leaves of the tree I knelt under. A car swerved toward the sidewalk. Jay didn’t flinch or move an inch one way or the other. The midday sun smudged the blue sky with bright gold light. 
“Please save him. Please, don’t let him die,” I cried.
*
With afternoon traffic behind him and coming up fast in front of him, Jay jumped with an easy grace, bringing the board beneath his feet and landing with a smooth roll as he and the board became one when the wheels hit the pavement. Jay began flying down the hill in between the cars, building speed as the decline increased. His sun-bleached hair caught in the wind. His board began to wobble. Twilight was so far away.
“Archangel Michael, save him, please…” My prayers shot straight into the sky, but no answer from the Eternity came. You know what that feels like, don’t you? I know there is always a purpose, but today I despaired. I didn’t understand the great silence that surrounded me. I told you that even angels cry. It was all I could do. I cried as I recalled the symphony of Jay’s sadness. I cried because he felt that no one understood him. I cried because Jay had known mostly sadness. I cried because all of you are so precious. 
It was at that very second, before my human eyes fluttered in a blink and I missed it, that I saw it. A white truck rose up to meet Jay coming downhill, head on and fast. Above the truck, I watched as the blue sky opened with a light so brilliant it burnt my human eyes so circles of gold and silver light blurred everything. I didn’t hear the impact, as a young girl with brown, wavy hair down to her feet and lapis lazuli eyes stepped through the light. Her smile dazzled Jay as he reached up to her and she pulled him into her embrace. He kissed the top of her head. The curtain of silence suddenly lifted and I heard Jay ask, Where have you been? She said, Here, waiting for you. He said, Together, forever. And then they vanished.
Jay’s body lay broken and bloodied in the middle of the street. Cars screeched left and right of the mangled bones and guts. The blood oozed in all directions. Drivers got out, gawking and staring at the horrific ending to this young life. 
Everyone was calling 9-1-1. I stood there, mesmerized by the miracle. I understood now what the Creator had intended. Jay wasn’t mine to save. It never occurred to me, an angel sent to guide and guard, that a young girl reaching through the Eternity would save the boy whose life was a symphony of pain with the simple gift of her eternal love. 
Miracles happen every day. Remember that.

Chapter 12
Home Schooled
The Creator formed the Earth through creative violence, lifting a hand so the empty void groaned and shifted. Out of the darkness came the golden explosions of the stars that spit out planets and moons all the way to the very edges of the Eternity. Blues, purples, radiant pinks, and oranges lit the eternal pitch black emptiness like paint spilling onto a canvas. Colliding matter smashed into the highest peaks and spread living dust in every direction. Rising oceans heaved and swayed across the surface. This violence is creation, like the splitting and multiplying cells of new life. This is beautiful collision. However, destructive violence, a force that tugs and tears at the Creator’s toil, rips you to pieces and breaks your star-filled spirits. People can be most cruel to each other and even more so to their own unique selves. 
When Yuliana comes to school, she’s quiet. She never smiles. I’ve never seen her smile. Her mother taught her that smiles are fleeting things you can’t hang on to, like a moonbeam or a cat’s purr. What’s there to smile about when your footsteps on Earth take you deeper into hell? Sometimes, hell really is on Earth. It’s a place you create for yourself and it steals your smiles away like they’re a limited quantity in a secret box you carry around. Yuliana’s mother is meek and mild; black and blue. So, Yuliana learned to never smile. 
Today in class, Yuliana’s phone buzzed in her front sweater pocket. She glanced around to make sure the teacher wasn’t looking. She reached for the phone, even though electronic devices are forbidden in class. Yuliana touched the screen and the buzzing stopped. She stared down at the glowing phone in her hand. On the outside, her face remained unmoved by what she saw. I heard the text message as she read it to herself, Where are you? She put the phone back in the front pocket of her sweater. She bounced her pencil on the eraser end like a drum major keeping time to music. Her phone buzzed again. She ignored it. It buzzed again. Yuliana bit her bottom lip until it turned white. I watched her as she took the phone out again. She read, Bitch, when I text you, you better answer. She texted back with dexterity and a lie, I’m sorry. The teacher was standing right next to me. A rapid response buzzed back, You in class? Yuliana typed back, Yes. Her phone buzzed for the next thirty minutes, so she missed half the notes the teacher wrote on the board. 
Later, I saw her at lunch standing next to Tray. He had dark curls and dark brown eyes. When he smiled, the mirth missed his eyes by a mile. Tray laughed and talked to the circle of teens gathered around him like a school of mindless minnows. He never looked at Yuliana, but his arm wrapped so tightly around her I wondered if she could breathe. Some people’s thoughts are so dark they sound like war engines in my mind. Tray’s mind sounded like the last stand of the 300 at Thermopylae. I often wondered why cruelty’s song spewed on a forked tongue enticed some people like a siren’s song. I think people are home schooled to hear it, to accept it, to believe that this cacophony of noise is love. Love should be beautiful, but it isn’t when the words are spoken from a silver tongue dipped in malice. Yuliana never smiles, except when Tray wants her to. She does whatever Tray wants her to. She wants him to love her. She wants him to prove to her that she is precious, so she breaks her honor with herself so he will love her more than any other girl at school. She’s always afraid that he will break up with her, which he threatens to do if she doesn’t make him happy. So she doesn’t smile, except when he wants her to. At home, Yuliana sits in her room with the door shut. She does her homework and then she does Tray’s homework. She’s always doing his homework. She wants to make him happy.
That night, when the front door slammed shut, Yuliana knew her father was home. Her family was already gathered around the table waiting for him. He liked everyone to be seated waiting for him, because it made him feel like a big man. He feared the smallness of his life, so he ordered his house around to make himself feel important. Her mother whisked a hot dinner on the table.
“Would you like a beer with your dinner?” Yuliana’s mother asked.
“Of course I want a fuckin’ beer. What a stupid question,” her father responded. Yuliana sat without a smile, her face impassive like stone on the outside. This is family. This is love. This is life. My life. 
“The potatoes are cold.”
“I’m sorry. You were just a little later than I expected.” Yuliana’s mother’s voice trailed off into a whisper. 
“The meatloaf is overdone. It’s dry,” her father stated, as he tossed his fork onto his plate in disgust. 
“I said I was sor—” 
Her father abruptly stood up. “Did you forget, stupid bitch, that I want my food to taste like fucking food? Not some cafeteria shit?” When her father got up from the table, dinner was officially over, regardless of whether everyone had finished eating or not. Yuliana helped her mother do the dishes in silence, while the younger ones got ready for bed. Everyone knew the routine of making father happy; keep it quiet and in bed by nine with lights out. 
Most nights, everything was quiet. 
Unfortunately, tonight wasn’t going to be a quiet night; Yuliana knew as soon as her father started criticizing the meal her mother tried so hard to make perfect. Her father asked her mother three times why she hadn’t salted the food more. Her mother kept apologizing and promised to remember next time. No other conversation took place at dinner. This is hell. This is family. This is love. This is life. My life.
Yuliana willed herself to fall asleep quickly, but the minutes in darkness stretched into an hour, then two of sleeplessness. That’s when she heard the beginning of the violence. Matter smashed against a wall and tomorrow her mother would be black and blue. Why did Mother forget to salt the food? Yuliana believed that if her mother would just remember everything—maybe write it down on flash cards and memorize it—her father wouldn’t explode like a volcano, making an island out of her with steam rising from the ocean of his discontent. Yuliana believed every word she told herself, because her mother had apologized for being wrong. 
Yuliana was determined to prove to her mother that it was possible to make a man happy. All you have to do is what he asks you to do. It was simple. Salt his food, have his beer ready, answer his texts, do his homework, stand near him, and don’t say anything he doesn’t want to hear. Be perfect. Tray will never hit me. I just know it. He’s different. He’s not like my dad. I’m not like my mother. Home schooling was teaching her everything she needed to know about life, family, and love. 
Have you wondered why Tray has a smile with mirth that misses his eyes by a mile? He has a mother who screams and yells at him. 
“You stupid idiot,” Tray’s mother screamed when he forgot to take the trash to the curb. 
“I’m sorry,” Tray said.
“Do you realize that damn trash is going to sit in the trash can for a week? That it’s going to rot and stink?”
“I said I was sorry. I’ll remember next time,” Tray promised.
“You’re worthless. You know that? You can’t even remember something as simple as a fucking trash day.”
Tray just stood there…mutely, shrinking inside as small as he could. I wish I could get the hell out of here. 
“My life would’ve been so much easier if you’d never been born. And your good-for-nothing scumbag father isn’t any better than you. You take after him. Why can’t you both work harder, so I can relax sometimes?”
“I don’t know,”
“You don’t know shit. Get out of my kitchen.”
As Tray turned around to find some sanctuary in his room, she changed direction on him. “What do you want for dinner?”
“Whatever’s easiest. You cook great macaroni and cheese,” Tray threw it out there, hoping to avoid any more scrutiny.
“Thanks, honey.
Tray and his father tiptoed around the house so they could avoid “the beast.” They didn’t dare whisper their nickname for her, for fear she’d hear and start screaming in their ears. Tray and his father have an unspoken understanding about the entire situation. So, Tray lost his youthful tenderness years ago by tiptoeing on eggshells that always cracked no matter how careful he tried to be. On the inside, he seethed in a sea of hate and resentment. My father should stand up to her! No woman of mine will ever yell at my like that. The only way Tray felt good about himself was if he snuffed out the light in others. So, the mirth of his smile never reached his eyes. 
It’s easy to say that Yuliana’s life could never be yours. That Tray’s life could never be yours. People are desperate to be different. They dream of better things. And then again, some don’t think anything different at all. The truth is, if you’re home schooled to live it, then it’s your life. You can twist it or shift it, but the only way to shake it off is to realize you’re doing it in the first place. 
People are like the surface of the ocean. Have you ever dared look beneath the swaying blue of your ocean? I mean really looked like you were in a submarine exploring the twenty thousand leagues of your soul? Have you ever contemplated the hidden truths in your underwater mountain crevices? Have you ever pondered the volcano you have building inside of you from the inside out? Have you seen the steam rising and water boiling as you build yourself like an island rising to breech the surface of your life? Brokenness starts under the surface. But where does the first crack in the glass of the submarine window of your soul come from? The first crack comes from within the submarine you’re navigating. You strike the blow yourself. And you learned how to do it in home school. Where do you think Bryson first learned to value himself only for his athletic ability? Where did Sapphire first feel insignificant? Where did Homer first feel lonely? Where did Nick first learn how to resent? Where did Virginia first learn to feel worthless? Where did Ollie first learn to hate? Where did Ramon first learn to use anger? Where did Nalae first learn to feel alone? They were all home schooled before they entered the world to navigate the ocean of their lives.
Generations of rain pour down on your head; the ocean churns and sways with all of your potential, all of your obstacles, and all of the things you must navigate so your star-filled spirits rise with the volcano you’re building to become your most beautiful self. No one said the odyssey would be easy, because it isn’t. However, I know that the odyssey is beautiful. I know that you are beautiful. I know that you are precious. Do you know what I know? In your soul of diamond dust, do you really know? 
Take the salt from the home schooled lessons and throw it into your ocean. 
Yuliana and Tray are both broken in their own home schooled way. Maybe, you can see that they really aren’t too different from you or anyone else. Your skins separate you, but your star-filled spirits join you even when you can’t comprehend the “how” or “why” in your own questions about life. 
Generations of heavy handedness threaded through soul after soul in Yuliana’s family and in Tray’s family to create an elaborate tapestry that I needed to unravel with a single tug of a thread. Only in hindsight does anyone truly remember life’s lessons. Linear time makes it that way. And so, with Yuliana the pain would come so she could remember to steer her course in a different direction. I caught a glimpse of what would come, when the Creator granted permission to heal, not prevent Yuliana’s ordeal so her hindsight would be crystal clear. 
I sat on the empty bleachers. The metal benches bit with cold through my jeans. My warm breath hung in the air like a misty cloud. Everything lay dormant, except for human passions and emotions that blossom all year round, exploding with colors of black and blue. I watched unnoticed as Tray and Yuliana walked across the football field. They were too busy with their handiwork of suppression and denial to even see me. It was almost time for the winter sun to dip below the horizon and release me from my human skin.  
When they reached the end of the bleacher row I sat on, Tray pulled Yuliana’s hand, leading her underneath the bleachers out of sight of anyone. Yuliana hesitated because she knew she needed to get home for dinner and be seated before her father walked in, slamming the door. She knew her father would be angry if she wasn’t there without permission. 
Pleasing her father was a habit that trained her to want to please Tray. I watched as he tugged her arm and spoke roughly.
“What’s the matter? Don’t you love me?” Tray asked the perfect question. I cringed, because Yuliana could only answer with her action to please. Yuliana began to shake with cold and fear, but her feet still moved her forward. A single tear welled in her eye and slowly slid down her pale cheek. It was the first time I saw her smile. 
“That’s more like it.” Tray’s voice pierced the muffling cold, as he grabbed Yuliana, forcing her to the ground. “You should be proud to be with me.”
His ferocity stunned Yuliana so much she couldn’t fight back. She stared up at the bottom of the bleacher seats. It was over quickly. Tray pulled his jeans up and buckled his belt below his waist, as Yuliana lay on the dirty cement. 
“Get up, bitch,” he smirked. “You know you wanted that.” Yuliana sobbed quietly. I cried, too. Why? Why did you make me stand by? Why you didn’t let me help her? Maybe it could’ve been different. I know about hindsight, but this is so hard. 
“Quit crying,” Tray said flatly. Because Yuliana couldn’t stop the tears, Tray kicked her in the back. Her tears made him feel less like “the man”, so he walked away before his manliness disappeared completely. He controlled this and he liked it. His home schooled lessons gave him the strength to take what he wanted, because his father cowered to his mother. Bitches deserve to be put in their place. 
*
As the first star popped into the twilight sky, I slipped through the bleacher steps like a glittering mist. I scooped Yuliana up in my arms as the first light snow caught in her long, brown hair like pearls embroidered on a background of silk. Her face was streaked with tears and dirt and shame. Angel kisses close your eyes so you can heal. I kissed Yuliana’s forehead several times. My tears even wet her cheek. I flew with my precious cargo in my arms to her house, alighting soundlessly on the front porch. I laid her in front of the door next to a big wheel and a rusting red wagon. I heard yelling from inside. Yuliana’s father was angry again. I knocked on the door with its peeling blue paint. The yelling stopped. The door opened. 
Generations of rain poured down on Yuliana’s mother’s head as she saw her daughter laying in tears and pain, painted with black and blue and blood. She fell to her knees to cradle her daughter in her arms. The life of her little girl flashed through her mind. The baby with joyful giggles. The toddler with open arms. The little girl who lost her smile. What have I done? What have I done? Her mother wept out loud while she rocked her little girl. It was the first time her eyes were truthfully open. I saw the golden light glint in her maternal eye like a diamond, hard and unbreakable. Bravery found its mark. The tapestry woven by generations of men and women in home school completely unraveled with the single tug on a mother’s heart string. I smiled because Yuliana was truly safe now.
Sometimes, what happens in tragedy heals us in triumph.

Chapter 13
Footprints
In health class today, we read about the “grief” model. The teacher talked about the way grief undulated in waves through denial and anger, into the gradual ebb of depression and flow of acceptance. I sat there thinking that death was a reminder that time in your Tupperware container is limited. When the experience of earthly life closes over you like water, it’s hard to inhale it, because you know deep down that drowning is inevitable. It’s natural, I guess, to flail and claw at the life of sand and air, when the unknown calls the star dust home. Sometimes, I think people pretend death doesn’t happen. They get angry because it’s happening to them or someone they love; try to bargain with the Creator for more time, and sulk because their days are numbered. Embrace the submersion because it’s a mysterious, dazzling doorway on your human journey of footprints in sand. I can’t tell you more than that.
I noticed a boy at my table stared down at the desk the entire time the teacher lectured and wrote on the board. I was taking notes when I heard his voice in his own mind whisper raggedly, I don’t want to hear about death anymore. His name was Tanner and always wore a pink “I ♥ Boobies” rubber band bracelet. I know a lot of the kids at my school wear the “I ♥ Boobies” bracelets because they like skirting the edge of vulgarity; they feel like they’re getting away with something. Tanner began wearing his bracelet when his mother was diagnosed with breast cancer a year ago. 
He carried his mother’s illness like Atlas carried the world, on his shoulders, knees bent in fear of the unknown. Fear of what might become. Fear of what will become. Tanner feared death because it was his mother, not someone else’s. He feared death because he could smell the sanitized air of it. It wasn’t a dark, shadowy figure lurking in a corner, but a blinding whiteness that caused him to falter when he tried to put one step in front of the other. His mother’s cancer paralyzed him. What will happen to me if she dies? Why did this come to me? I wish my mom never got cancer. I’ll do better in school if you just make this go away. I’ll be a better son. Just make it all disappear. I wish I was free from all this.
When Tanner got home from school later on, I was already there. He didn’t notice me because his preoccupation with his own world kept him from looking up. Tanner went into his room and shut the door. He wanted to forget his mother was getting chemotherapy today. He wanted to forget what he already knew: that she would vomit for the next two days and he would miss school tomorrow to stay home with her, and that he would miss the Winter Formal this weekend so he could sit with her and watch movies. He was forgetting what his mother used to look like before the cancerous cells on the inside began to change what she looked like on the outside. He barely remembered the woman with long, wavy blonde hair. He remembered how mad he would get when one of her golden strands ended up in his sandwich or when her hair clogged the shower drain and he had to pull the gunky mess out with his bare fingertips. Now she wore a wig with hair that never shed. Breast cancer was stealing his memories of his golden-haired mother while she was still alive. He turned on his iPod and let the music sweep him into restless sleep. 
As darkness invaded his room, murky dreams invaded his head. Tanner dreamt of graves with gaping mouths trying to swallow him whole. He dreamt flashes of the specter Death wearing a tattered black cape with the visage of Brad Pitt, because he had just watched the movie Meet Joe Black with his mom. Golden-haired Death swung a wicked sickle and chased him over hills and down halls. He screamed in his mind and I heard each sweaty feardrop as I sat on the rooftop of his house, watching for his mother’s car to come home. It wasn’t long before her Dodge Durango pulled up in the driveway. Tanner’s mother got out of the car, assisted by Tanner’s father, who never missed a chemotherapy treatment leaked drop by drop into his wife’s veins. I watched as he gently guided her to the front door and kissed her cheek as she passed by him to go inside. I knew tomorrow would dawn with unexpected news and Tanner’s life would be twisted more than it already was. 
Tanner loved and hated his mother. He loved her because she was his mother and sons are supposed to love their mothers. He loved her for who she used to be. She used to cook his favorite lasagna on Wednesday nights. She used to laugh and throw the ball for their Labrador retriever. But now, she mostly lay on the couch or in bed, sleeping or watching movies or reading her Bible. She didn’t cook anymore because it made her too tired. He hadn’t tasted her lasagna in so long he almost forgot what it tasted like. She didn’t play with the dog anymore because it made her too tired. Tanner hated his mother because she got cancer and took his life away from him by making him feel guilty all the time for wanting a life of his own. His mother was afraid of dying, but wouldn’t admit it. She used all the words about her kingdom come and walking with Jesus to allay everyone’s fear. On the outside, she fought death like Joan of Arc swinging a sword to annihilate the French. On the inside, she stifled her deepest fear: dying and leaving her children behind. Her invisible fear transferred to Tanner in a translucent umbilical cord feeding his fear, resentment, and guilt for all the “used to be” scenarios that invaded his life like cancer invaded the cells his mother’s body, unwanted and unasked for. Tanner didn’t want to think of his mother as dying. The fact that she was already disappearing into his memory frightened him more than he could admit out loud. He didn’t want to understand about death and how it was a cycle of life. He just wanted everything to be back to normal. 
I love to walk on sandy beaches when the tide rolls in. I like to watch the water smooth my footprints away until they are only slight depressions with tiny sand crabs burrowing deep for cover, leaving only a string of bubbling pearls behind them. It reminds me of the beauteous brevity of this human life. This human life is a footprint in the sand. The moment your foot leaves the freshly made print—distinct with each toe, the arch, and the heel clearly visible—your mark is made. The footprint says, I am here today. Then high tide’s foamy edge creeps up the shore until it reaches your footprints and begins to smooth the hard edges away. Finally, there is only a blank slate where your footprints used to be. Linear time is like the ocean, it washes you away. Life is like that for all humans. Your mark is fresh and then it fades. 
Tanner clung to what used to be, worried about what might be, and resented what was. He resented the footprints he was making and wished for a different path, a better path. I heard him clear as a silver bell bargaining with the Creator for his mother’s life and for his own. If my mom didn’t have cancer, I would have my life back! It occurred to him in the back recesses of his mind that if the Angel of Death should curl His bony finger, calling his mother to His side, he would be set free. It was a scary, smudgy thought, so he buried it like he buried his growing fear, resentment, and guilt. 
I was still there, when dawn stretched her rosy fingers across the atmosphere. Tanner awoke, certain he would miss school and watch movies because his mother would be sick from the nuclear medicine. So, he sleepily walked downstairs to get something to break his night fast. He heard the clang of a pan and smelled something delicious, like frying bacon, wafting down the hall. When he walked into the kitchen, he was so startled by what he saw he stopped dead in his tracks. His mother, without her hair that never shed, stood in front of the stove, cooking what looked like breakfast. She turned and smiled. “Sit. For heaven’s sake, what are you gawking at?”
“What are you doing?”
“What does it look like?”
“I mean, why? Aren’t you supposed to be in bed?”
“I’ve been in bed a lot. I know. Not anymore. Not yet anyway.”
Tanner’s spirit perked up. “What do you mean? Your cancer went away?”
Tanner’s mother smiled again then turned back to the frying pan. It was bacon and she didn’t want to burn it. “I decided to stop my chemotherapy.”
“But…you need it to live.”
She brought Tanner a plate of sunny-side-up eggs, two pieces of toasted wheat bread, and two slivers of crunchy bacon. “I need to stop it, so I can live.”
“I don’t want you to die,” Tanner blurted out. His immediate fear forced the words into the air where they hung like dirty laundry on a line. Tanner’s mother kissed her son’s cheek with great tenderness. 
“I know. I don’t want to die either, but I’m not afraid anymore.”
“Are you going to die?”
“Yes.” The word stabbed his invisible heart not once, but as many times as he had wished for his freedom. Her answer twisted his soul into tiny pieces. He had spent so many days wishing he was living some other life, taking some other steps not making the footprints in the sand that he’d been making. This can’t be my life.
“What will happen to me when you die?”
“Sweetheart…Tanner, I don’t know…you’ll be fine.”
“No. No, I won’t.” He didn’t touch his breakfast. His appetite had fled. 
At school that day, I stood behind Tanner in line at the student store. He was rolling his mother’s words around in his head, replaying the scene over and over again in his mind, like a humming bird poking a flower for sweet nectar, only he kept coming up with the bitter taste of what “could have been” on his tongue. It didn’t occur to him that he could look for the sweetness in what time he had left with his mother. He only saw the absence of her. He looked right past her living, breathing self to the pit dug in the ground where she would rest forever. I don’t want her to die! I wanted her to be cured. I wanted to be free to live my life…
“You still have time,” I said.
“What?” Tanner startled.
“Why are you wasting your time?” I said.
He looked around the line, then eyed me suspiciously. “Are you talking about my mom?”
“Yes. She’s ready to live. Are you?”
His eyes welled up, his chin quivered, then he turned around and ignored me.
After school, Tanner went straight home. His mother was watching a movie on the couch. He walked past the living room without even saying hello. Resentment that she was dying filled his heart and the fact that she’d chosen death instead of life. He couldn’t see that she’d chosen to live the best life she could until the waves washed her footprints away and tiny sand crabs made a string of bubbling pearls where she used to stand. He went in his room and shut the door. He wanted to shut his mother out, shut death out, shut the world out. When the late afternoon sun cast its shadow across the house, I waited for Tanner to drift off in sleep and for twilight to come. 
*
When the sky splashed periwinkle blue and pale purple, and the first star’s light pushed through the Eternity, I shimmered like rippling water out of my human skin and into my angelic form. I swept Tanner out of his warm bed and past the crisp twinkling stars, all the way to the day he was born. He saw his mother weeping great sparkling joydrops on his newborn head as she kissed his wispy strands of brown hair. He saw her hug him while he cried because his pet turtle died. She put it in a shoe box and buried it under a miniature white rose in her garden. He saw her helping their dog have puppies. He was so afraid, but his mother knew exactly what to do. She smiled and laughed when the last tiny, wiggly puppy yelped into the world. He saw his big blue eyes looking at her in amazement. I showed him his mother now, sick in her bed sleeping, his father holding her hand with tears streaking down his face. He saw his father lean over and kiss his mother, the love of his life, with great reverence on the forehead. I made him watch as she lay thirsty for her last breath, not because she was afraid of dying, but because your Tupperware will always struggle with letting go. After all, it’s what makes you human. I made him run his fingers over her headstone, feeling each carved letter that spelled out: Beloved Wife and Mother. 
Tanner cried in his sleepy dream journey. He cried so much, he woke up to a single point of light fading out of the corner of his eye. It wasn’t yet night, so he got up. He could hear the television and he practically ran into the living room. His mother looked up from her favorite dent in the couch. “Did you have a nice nap?” Tanner’s chin quivered at the sound of her voice as tears filled up the bottom of his eyes, blurring his vision. He fell into her lap, wrapping his arms around her waist. And he cried. She wept, too. There weren’t any words to say. Sometimes there just aren’t any words to say. When his shaking shoulders calmed, Tanner’s mother helped him to the couch. He sat down next to her because he wanted to this time, not because he had to like before. Tanner realized he’d been wasting all his days with her and he would never get them back. He didn’t want to waste any more days.
*
Accept that you are a footprint in the sand the tides will wash away. Live while you can. Love while you can. Laugh while you can. Soon, you will be nothing more than a string of bubbling pearls made by a tiny sand crab. You are only here temporarily. It’s the way it’s supposed to be.

Chapter 14
Foster Flowers
Kristina was a loner by choice. She didn’t like people. She didn’t trust anyone, not even her foster parents, who treated her like one of their own. When she was a little girl, her mother abandoned her in the desert. Not literally out in the sands with the lizards and cacti, but at her grandmother’s house in the desert. She was so young that she barely remembered her mother at all. She remembered impressions of her mother more than the person herself. Her grandmother tried to tell her good things about her mother so she would feel loved, but Kristina knew that her mother never called, never sent a letter, and never visited...ever. She had been abandoned and there was nothing her grandmother could say that took the poison out of that snake bite.
One day, she sat in Home Economics class watching the teacher mix chocolate cake batter. The teacher told the class how important it was to use fresh eggs in the batter. The smell of the baking sweet cakes made her mouth water. At the end of class, Kristina ate two cupcakes and licked the bowl of cherry frosting. This is probably why I love cake, especially cupcakes. Pink cherry frosting on chocolate cupcakes is my secret gastronomical weakness. You probably thought I didn’t eat. But, I’m human most of the time, after all, until my time here is completed. And my passion for chocolate and cherry flavored sweets is completely irrational and undeniable, just ask my mother. 
Kristina wasn’t alone in class that day, as a matter of fact, for the last eight weeks, she wasn’t alone anywhere she went. There had been a boy. A nice boy. And one night, when the stars were clear and sparkling, a spirit of star dust and ether was sent to Kristina. The spirit implanted in her body and began to divide and grow. Quietly at first, so quietly in fact, Kristina didn’t even know the tiny flame was there. But it was. So, when chocolate cupcakes with pink cherry frosting made her hungry, she ate them. When she realized that her body had become a home for a tiny spark, she panicked because she didn’t want to lose her foster home. She was afraid they wouldn’t allow her to stay in the home if she was pregnant, and it was the only home she’d known since her grandmother died three years ago. Furthermore, she had no idea what to do with a baby. She didn’t know anything about being a mother. What if I am cruel like my mother? she would think. Kristina then told the boy. The look in his eyes told Kristina that this child must be released back to the ether from where it had come from. So, she made an appointment to have her womb wiped clean. It had seemed very simple to her until the night she had a dream. 
The dream night was heralded by a full moon that blossomed in the midnight blue sky. The moon and the stars splashed silver light across the universe. As Kristina slept, the Voice filled her mind. 
“All the sparrows are accounted for and loved.” She felt the light as it absorbed her in its silver glow. 
“What do you mean? Why are you talking about birds?” she asked her dream. 
The only response she heard was, “All the sparrows are accounted for and loved.” 
The next day, when she walked to school, she was aware of birds singing from every tree along the way. The tree limbs seemed alive with birds. They are all accounted for, she heard in her mind again. Kristina still didn’t understand what her dream meant. Maybe, it doesn’t mean anything at all. As she sat in Home Economics class that very day, she was startled by a bird that smashed into the classroom window. She jumped out of her chair to peer out the liquid glass that students wished through. The bird lay frozen and lifeless. 
“All the sparrows are accounted for and loved,” she heard again, but louder. 
“Why let them die then? Why? The poor bird didn’t even see the window.” 
“Look again, child, look again,” she heard. Kristina obeyed the Voice and looked out the window to see the tiny bird shaking itself as if from a deep sleep. It cocked its head to look at her in the eye. Suddenly, it flew away. Kristina never forgot the small bird’s black eye that bore into her soul. Her palm found her lower belly. If even the smallest of birds is loved and accounted for… 
*
That very night, day two of the dreaming time, Kristina dreamt of a woman knelt in sorrow over a carefully manicured grave. She held a handful of white daisies in her lap. The wedding ring on her finger caught the sunlight in a flash like the finger of God touching life into Adam. It was so bright that Kristina shielded her eyes in her sleep. Then, she was whisked to a rocky hill that looked out onto a barren valley. The radiating heat shimmered walls all around her. From the canyon a white dove rose up. It flew on wings of silver tipped in blue. It flew straight for her. Kristina was frightened and put her hands over her head. Majesty and magic surrounded the dove. It spoke to her with a Voice of smooth silver light: 
“Even the smallest of these are loved and accounted for. Ease her burden.”
Kristina asked, “Whose burden?” 
“The woman with the empty womb whose invisible heart is breaking. It is her destiny.” 
“Whose destiny?” Kristina asked. 
“The smallest one. The tiny flame.”
“The child?”
“Yes, the child. She is already loved. And she has my business to attend to. You all have purpose.”
Kristina woke knowing what she must do, or not do now. The child would be born and she would give her to the woman whose invisible heart was breaking because her womb was empty. She told her foster mother about the child and that she wanted to give the baby girl to a family who would love her. 
Her foster mother said, “It might be a boy.”
Kristina said, “No, it’s a girl.” Because the dove had told her so and she believed. Kristina’s social worker didn’t take her from her foster family. 
Kristina endured the stares and snickers as she grew with the child. She stopped drinking soda and ate an apple a day. Her foster mother helped her find the woman with the empty womb who held white daisies in her hand. They had looked through piles of adoption applications until Kristina found the sad eyes she was looking for. The meeting was set and Kristina came with a bouquet of white daisies in her hand. When the woman entered the room, Kristina handed her the flowers.
The woman looked at the bouquet and then at Kristina, “How did you know? How did you know?” She couldn’t stop the tears from spilling down her cheek making a wet spot on her pink cotton collar. 
“A dove told me,” Kristina said. She had seen the Light. 
*
And that is how I came here from the Eternity. The Creator gave me to a girl with a heart as big as the moon so she could heal my mother’s invisible heart with the gift of supreme love. My mother named me Arabella. It means “answered prayer.” It should have been beautiful…and it was. 

Last Word
I know you’re probably wondering why so many of the stories I told you feel sad. I can hear you thinking that when you read them or when they are read to you. You wish I had done things differently for some of the people. I suppose that’s a normal human reaction. You all have wishes and prayers for your life, but not all the things you wish for are what you receive. Sometimes you have to learn something different than what you think you should. The Creator grants your true needs for reasons the Creator doesn’t really explain. I do know it’s my job on Earth to listen to you in our classroom. I could’ve been put anywhere on the planet, but I was placed here in your town in your school just for you. Your turn will come, if it hasn’t already. 
The thing is, I’m always helping you without you realizing it. You are pretty unaware of my presence. If you feel the hair on your arms tingle and rise like you’ve been zapped by electricity, that’s me or one of my fellow angels. When you get a strange feeling that you’ve been somewhere before or done or said something before, it’s because you have. I was there the first time. You just got a do-over that you didn’t see coming. 
*
I hope you see the beauty in yourself and in your own life. I hope you find joy in the eyes of another human and especially in the pair that reflect back to you in a mirror. Keep a watch out for the shimmering light in the corner of your eye; it might just be an angel passing by.
Love, Arabella

Author’s Inspiration
I’ve been asked what “sparked my muse” to write each story, so here goes:
Chapter 1: My Nonna always told me that angels lived among us. She told me that they disguised themselves as beggars and the poor to test our true nature and report back to God. To this day, I hand money to beggars. When I do that and the hair on my arm stands up, I feel like it’s a sign from my Nonna. 
Chapter 2: I met a young man in a wheelchair at a yard sale. I noticed his eyes were on fire with words, thoughts, and feelings. It made me think about being trapped in a body that refused to cooperate. 
Chapter 3: Sometimes girls just don’t accept their own unique beauty because society is always showing them what they are supposed to look like. 
Chapter 4: I fell in love with a boy in high school. He moved because his father was transferred across the globe. It was before Internet or cell phones, so we wrote old-fashioned letters for almost two years. Then, time and distance were too much, and we fell out of touch. Thirty years of wondering, “What happened?” followed. 
Chapter 5: Growing up in a military family was difficult. Your father, or nowadays your mother, too, was always gone. It was sort of the unspoken fear that someday there would be a war and your father would never come home. Mine retired safely, others have not been so lucky, especially in recent years. 
Chapter 6: What if you were deaf or blind? I thought of how much someone would be willing to give up in order to get what they wanted. What would you do if all you wanted to do was sing and you couldn’t hear the music? I think I like tragedy. Maybe it’s a fascination with the irony of life. And I love Andrea Bocelli. Would he trade his voice for sight? I don’t think so. The Little Mermaid gave up her voice for legs, and in the true fairy tale version, it didn’t turn out very good for her. 
Chapter 7: This summer I met a meth addict. I was surprised at the addiction and how it changed her life and the lives of the people around her. They all wondered where the little girl they had all known went. I never knew the girl she was, but I could see how it hurt everyone. It was sad, scary, and truly tragic.
Chapter 8: This story came out of nowhere. I don’t even know any “skin-heads” and it was the fastest story I wrote. It just flew out of my fingertips. I think I was reading “Romeo and Juliet” at the time, so that’s where the literary allusion to “loving hate” comes from. 
Chapter 9: One time a student told me that he was afraid to walk home sometimes. I wondered if it was possible to end the hate over colors and turf, so I wrote Bandana Legacy. I also know from personal experience that death changes everything.
Chapter 10: Years ago, my daughter’s god-mother died. Her casket was draped in pink roses. I’ll never forget how sad that day was. Her husband stood and said that he was consoled by the fact his wife was now with their son, who had died at birth. And to be honest, the search for “home” is very personal theme.
Chapter 11: This one was inspired by all the ska8rat kids that have come through my classroom. There are so many misunderstood teens in the world. 
Chapter 12: I am fascinated by the idea that family histories repeat themselves in a spiral generation after generation. I also hear girls talking about how they would do anything for their boyfriends. I’d like to think they were crazy kids, but as grown women we do the same damn thing. Because we’re grown up, we think it’s different, but it isn’t.
Chapter 13: I have a friend who had cancer. She thought she was going to die, but she didn’t and she is loving life to the fullest. I am grateful she has been cancer-free for a year. 
Chapter 14: One time a student of mine told me he was a foster child. He said it with a tinge of sadness. I took that tiny “tinge” to be the tip of the iceberg of sadness that he hid from the world. We all make choices and sometimes our choices make us. So, I thought about the ultimate love. 
In general, I feel like a sponge about life. I notice the sounds of things, the way light moves through trees, the way my granddaughter’s eyes get big when I turn the blow dryer on. I notice how a person smiles and whether or not the edges of their eyes crinkle with real joy. I don’t know; it’s like the Universe opens windows and doors just for me to write about. Pretty much, everything I write about has a hidden meaning because something in my life spurred the idea like water encourages a seed to grow. I think all writers must be like that. 
The best possible answer to what inspires me is…YOU. The people I meet and get to know are my teachers and mentors. And I draw inspiration from: Ethan, my grandson, and Kali, my granddaughter. Watching them grow is like watching flower buds unfurl their petals at the sun.

