Blue K Dynasty
The 1st
Seven Days






M. 0. McLeod


 
 





























This is a work of fiction. The events and characters described herein are imaginary and are not intended to refer to specific places or living persons. The opinions expressed in this manuscript are solely the opinions of the author and do not represent the opinions or thoughts of the publisher. The author has represented and warranted full ownership and/or legal right to publish all the materials in this book.

Blue K Dynasty The 1st Seven Days
All Rights Reserved.
Copyright © 2013 M.O. McLeod v3.0 r1.0

Cover Photo © 2013 JupiterImages Corporation. All rights reserved - used with permission.

This book may not be reproduced, transmitted, or stored in whole or in part by any means, including graphic, electronic, or mechanical without the express written consent of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.



ISBN:  9781310276408

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
For my sister, Rasheda –  
We made it baby!  


Contents  

1.A Couple of two  
2.The Earth Went Round and Upside Down  
3.Let the Species Say Amen  
4.K for Kurma  
5.A Raptor is Born  
6.These Teeth Were Made for Biting  
7.Fae and the Latin Wonders  
8.It’s Always the First-born  
9.The Man With a Plan  
10.Eat to Kill  
11.The Blue Winged Thing  
12.Rimselda the Rouge  
13.Red Heads are No Fun  
14.Two Choices, One Life  
15.Lineage  
16.Daggers, Scales, Claws and All  
17.Snowhill  
18.C.O.N.J.A.R  
19.The Simplest Touch  
20.The Spawns of BlueK  
21.Skid Row  
22.The Jeers  
23.Flee or Fight  
24.L for Leon the Lame  
25.Night at the Flora Plume Club  
26.South Side of Alexandria  
27.Run and Seek  
28.The Rosales Siblings  
29.Raptored  
30.Phantom versus Raptor  
31.The Guardian  
32.I, Declare War  
33.Seven News Studio Report  
34.Pandemonium  
35.Kill to Eat  
36.The After Hours  
37.Blue K Dynasty  










1.
A couple of two  
Santino lay stretched out on the thick quilt on the bed as he tossed a worn football in the air, up and down, up and down. In all honesty he was too big for the bed; his frame was six foot three and bulky, and at the age of eighteen he was still growing.  
“You know my aunt is moving in with her kids, right?” Kurma asked, looking into the mirror to stare at Santino, her first real boyfriend of a year. “So basically I’m going to be sleeping on the couch for a while. That means no more private time.” She smirked at him.  
Sitting up on the twin-size bed, Santino held the football still and looked around the cramped room. “We should get our own place. You know, when the time is right.” He looked at Kurma with hope in his eyes.  
“Come on now, be realistic. There are four-year waiting lists for new movers like us,” Kurma pointed out. “The city is too crowded. Hell, the country is going through a crisis. There isn’t any more space to just be moving about, babe. I mean, I would love to pick up and leave when we turn eighteen, but the government isn’t having it.” She turned to face Santino and pouted out her Popsicle-orange lips. “I still love you, babe,” she added, and smiled in his face as she fell on the already cramped bed. Santino caught her in mid-fall, wrapped his arms around her waist, and pulled her closer.  
“So what? We’re just supposed to live on top of one another or pay sky-high prices to move out? That can’t be life,” he said.  
“It’s life as we know it. We just have to deal with it. Our families have for more than twenty years.” Kurma hunched her shoulders as she tried to explain. “With the boost of health-insurance coverage back in the day and the mandated termination of abortions, the country has grown too fast. We just have to evolve like everything else.” She cuddled closer to Santino and looked up into his eyes.  
Santino peered over Kurma’s head to the only window in the room. Breathing in deeply, he took in all he saw. The sky was murky gray and dark blue. Skyscrapers reached high into the sky, numerous tiny windows decorating them along with clotheslines, plants, and fire escapes. The whole city of Alexandria was made up of these tall buildings as well as condos, apartments, and studios. Most of the vacant areas, and parking lots had been turned into living spaces. The government required more use of bikes, scooters, motorcycles, and mopeds in order to cut down on the high levels of pollution. Trees were a rare sight. The city had become a concrete jungle.  
Kissing the top of Kurma’s head, Santino closed his eyes. At times he wanted to get away from everyone. There was always someone around. He couldn’t remember the last time he was by himself. At school his classes were overcrowded. In the streets he felt as if the walking traffic’s current could sweep him away at a moment’s notice. At home Santino felt like he lived on top of everyone.  
To make matters worse, he was too tall and too big for his own good. At times he believed he had been born in the wrong century. Santino felt like things were made for smaller people—for people small enough to fit into small things.  
“Babe, what’s wrong?” Kurma asked, showering Santino with kisses. “We’d better get in all the alone time we can manage. We might have to start making out in the school bathroom after my aunt comes.”  
“So? We do that now. That's nothing new,” responded Santino.  
Kurma playfully shoved his head and dragged herself over the edge of the bed. “You want something from the kitchen?”  
“Bring me some juice.”  
“What kind of juice?”  
“Whatever kind you got.”  
“Well, we have a lot. Which one do you want?” Kurma persisted. 
“Just bring me back whatever.”  
“No, because I’m going to bring you back something, and then you’re going to say it’s nasty and you want some other kind of—”  
“Forget it!” Santino yelled. “Do you always have to be so meticulous about everything?”  
Kurma looked offended and stomped out the room. “I’m not fussy!” she yelled from the other side of the door. “You’re just indecisive.”  
Heading through the living room, she caught the beginning of a news report on TV.  
“The population has reached an astounding number, and land is scarcer than it has ever been. Many people have decided to move elsewhere, even onto the water. Communities on the seas have formed around the world. There’s the Aquaritime group based in the Indian Ocean. EcoWorld LLC has the highest population on water to date and some of the most eco-conscious living facilities, which are located in the Caribbean. And Island Corp West has brought upscale bunkers and apartments on water to the citizens of the Pacific. Island Corp is just behind EcoWorld as far as finances. These settlements have caused the water mass ratio to decrease steadily in the last five years, and smog and waste pollution have risen in the last three years near these water communities.”  
“You’re right, Connie,” another voice chimed in.  
Kurma continued to watch the TV and screamed for Santino to join her. The image on the screen changed from the newsroom to open air, and then to huge boats on the water. Apartment- like structures rose from the bases of the ships into the sky, which was filled with hundreds of seagulls.  
“What is it?” asked Santino as he entered the room.  
“Look at that,” said Kurma, pointing at the screen. “Remember when the ocean was just an ocean?  
“Yeah, but they’ve been building those bunkers and houses on the ships. Did something happen?”  
“Something did happen,” she said. “I think I heard that the ships seem to be toxic because of the pollution and waste.”  
“Damn. What about those eco-friendly ones?” asked Santino.  
“That’s what the news talking about it. The apartments are eco-friendly, but I don’t think the ships that support them are.”  
“Well, I guess we’re not gonna ever go live there now,” said Santino jokingly. “They’re going to raise the rents to fix the problem. Don’t you think?”  
“I don’t know… listen.”  
The room became quiet as the two focused on the TV.  
The reporter continued, “ It’s been speculated that the ocean now makes up only forty-eight percent of the earth’s surface, and most of the oceans’ water will be turned into areas for more production of infrastructures. There are rumors that instead of producing more adequate base ships for the water bunkers, condos, and apartments, a new company may be emerging from the Aquaritime group to branch out to the northern ocean waters. This sister group is speculated to begin building homes for families of up to six people on the base ships.”  
“Is that right?” another reporter asked Connie.  
She replied, “Yes, Gill, the many families that are stuck in the inner cities will hopefully be given the chance to apply first.”  
“Well, we shall see,” Gill continued. “This all may be a rumor started by the Aquaritime group to boost its business and apartment sales.”  
“Gill, back to you inside the Seven News studio,” finished Connie.  
Kurma flicked off the TV and looked at Santino.    
He said, “I guess we’re not the only ones feeling the pressure.”  
“If the ocean could talk, what do you think it would say?” asked Kurma.  
Santino thought for a while. “It’s not the ocean that would have a problem. The stuff that holds the land and sea up is what we really need to worry about. The earth.”  
Kurma chuckled and smiled at him. She couldn’t imagine the earth’s core, let alone if it felt anything.    
Kurma  slowly walked back to her bedroom, questioning the situation the whole time. Her imagination wouldn’t let her think like that. Could the earth’s core, the thing that made the earth go round and round, be bothered?  

2.
The earth went round and upside down  

Kurma watched as the clock hands tick-tocked. Right on cue the school’s bell rang loudly, signaling the end of the day. Kurma quickly sprang from her seat and followed her classmates out the door into the hallway. As usual she found Santino waiting for her in front of the school’s main staircase.  
Kurma walked through the halls with him. “I missed you,” she said.  
Santino looked down at her and kissed the top of her head. “I missed you too.”  
Kurma noticed he seemed quiet and distant. “Everything okay?”  
“Yeah. I mean, I just want some alone time with you, and it seems like you’ve been trying to avoid a certain situation.” He stopped and turned to her.  They were a couple that did couple-like things, minus the most important one that Santino could no longer ignore. “Don’t get me wrong. I love you, but I’ve been patient enough.”  
Kurma stopped walking down the stairs and faced him. She knew where this conversation was headed. “All you care about is one thing, and once you get that thing, you won’t want me anymore.”  
“Why do you feel that way? I love you. What else do I have to do to show you that?” asked Santino. “I stopped talking to all my other friends. I dropped all my girls for you!”  
“When I met you, you were the cocky, arrogant All-City champ with a wild streak. Every time I think about it, I get scared that you’re going to go back to your old ways and forget all about me.”  
Santino dropped his chin to his chest. “I’m tired of this little game we’re playing. You are too perfect. You want everything your way, exactly how you say it, when, where, and how. I can’t do this anymore. There isn’t any incentive at all. Everything doesn’t revolve around Kurma’s wants and needs!”  
Kurma stood still, with a shocked expression on her face. “That’s all you care about,” she argued back at him.  
“You only care about yourself,” he said while staring her down. “It seems like we’re saying the same things.”  
“Just in a different way.”  
They both stood against a wall, pressed back by their peers.  
“This isn’t going to work for me,” said Kurma, hoping to psych him out.  
Santino was hurt that she wasn’t even trying to fight for their relationship. “You know, when I met you, you had no friends, no life. You were a nobody. Remember that. You can go right back to that life, for all I care.” f 
Tears fell silently from Kurma’s eyes as she watched Santino walk away. He was so tall she could still see him as he left the school. She knew he was right. When she’d met him in the eleventh grade she was friendless, clueless about boys, and socially awkward, and had a bad case of OCD. Kurma had hated that life, and Santino knew that. Now, she wasn’t really afraid of losing him, but of him going back to who he used to be. While she had been eating lunches in back of the school, away from people, he had been in the cafeteria entertaining an audience of admirers and friends with his latest escapades. She would see him every day in gym, always so athletic, gorgeous, and gifted. There was no way the old Kurma could have kept a guy like that, so she knew the new Kurma would have to give in and let him take her virginity. She could only hope she would do well enough to impress Santino. Otherwise he might drop her back down the social ladder where she began. That was her fear: of being irrelevant again. Holding out on Santino was her trump card. Without it she was too exposed.  
“Kurma. Hey, Kurma,” a voice rang out. “Hey, girl.”  
She looked out into the crowd and saw Eliza; her only friend in middle school—who had dropped her as soon as the two girls had become freshmen in high school, and Eliza had become popular. Ever since Santino had made it official with Kurma the previous year, though, Eliza had miraculously forgotten those three years of absence.  
“Was that Santino I just saw walking away?” Eliza asked.  
Kurma ignored her question. “Let me ask you something. You’re a virgin, right?”  
Eliza looked embarrassed but tried to cover it up. “Of course I’m not a virgin. Anthony and I do it all the time.”  
Kurma could read right through her old frenemy’s lies. Anthony, who Kurma suspected was gay, had graduated early and was upstate at school. Either Eliza had an imaginary live in boyfriend with the same name, or she was lying. So she wasn’t any help.  
Kurma realized she would have to fake it until she made it, and act as if she already knew what she was doing. She would need to call Santino immediately to get him back.  
“I’m guessing you and Santino are going to take it all the way tonight,” Eliza said. “Finally. You know the schools sluts have been pressed for your man ever since you showed your sweet little face on the social scene.”  
“Whatever. I’m not worried about anyone taking him,” Kurma said.  
“Well, little lady, you’d better show up and show out.” Eliza giggled loudly. “I want all the details over the weekend.”  
Kurma planted a phony kiss on her cheek and made her exit. She planned on calling Santino as soon as she got home. How she would get the house to herself, she had no idea.  

*  
“So you paid your brothers to take your mom out to dinner? Pretty smart.” Santino smiled in Kurma’s face. “I know you want this as much as I do.”  
“I just want this to be right,” Kurma said nervously. “We’re doing this because we care about each other.”  
Santino reached over to pull her on top of him. “I want to make us last, and I want to take care of you.”  
Kurma felt slightly better. She had been feeling like a wreck; her nerves were fried, and the anxiety had her stomach flipping out. For one, she was a virgin; for two, she wasn’t on birth control; and three, she didn’t know when her twin brothers and mother would come through the door.  
“Come on. Let’s get this over with,” she said.  
Santino was surprised. At first it seemed like Kurma had been holding out by making excuses and stalling every which way. But now she was in a rush.  
“You’re taking the fun out of this,” he said. “Look, I lit candles, got rose pedals. None of this is appealing to you?”  
Kurma tried to smile and slow down her thoughts. He did seem to be trying to put forth an effort. There were three lit candles in front of the vanity set, and pink rose petals littered the entrance to the bedroom. He even had his iPod playing her favorite song.  
“Okay, let’s do it your way…the romantic way.” Kurma reluctantly let her control go and put her trust in Santino. She had no idea what he was going to do now that her V card was going to be swiped. Her mother always told her to wait. The longer you wait, she said, the longer they stay. Kurma closed her eyes as she felt Santino undo her clothes.  
He touched her skin softly and maneuvered himself on top of her. Their kissing was deep; Kurma had forgotten how she loved to kiss Santino. He made this feel so right even though she knew she was doing it for the wrong reason.  
The love between them generated a heat as the pressure mounted. Santino and Kurma were making love…and unknowingly planting a seed. However, the earth knew the seed would grow into a child who would grow into an adult, and that adult would create more children to bear more children. The earth’s core cracked at the exact moment Santino impregnated Kurma. The earth was tired and crumbling in on itself. It needed an answer to the source of the problems it was experiencing. The earth needed an answer to the overpopulation.  
*  
Crack, crack, crumble, splash, crack, grind, drip, crack. The earth crumbled and softened in places as the pressure from above ground continued to burden its inner iron core. It bent and corroded as the outer core heated to catastrophic level. The pressure shifted the earth’s outer areas as well, causing the mantle to crack and crumble as the crust ground to dust, making it unsuitable for living.    
For its own preservation, the earth released chemicals and toxins into the atmosphere. The toxins would transmute human DNA so a new species could be created—one that would be at the top of the food chain and decrease the human species by slowing, stopping, and reversing the rate of its expansion, and the loss of land. Earth chose evolution to deal with its demise. And it all began with Kurma and Santino.  





3.
Let the species say Amen  


The two lovers lay shoulder to shoulder with the covers drawn over them. Looking up at the ceiling, Santino was quietly pleased with himself. He wondered if it would be too much to ask to go again, especially since they’d forgotten to use protection. Kurma had gone quiet when Santino had pointed this out to her.  
“Heat of the moment,” he had said. “Don’t be mad, alright? I just got caught up in everything.” He looked for her response. There was none. “You’re quiet. Too quiet.” He began to feel awkward. He grabbed Kurma’s face and asked, “You’re not mad at me?”  
In a rush Kurma pulled her face from Santino’s hand and made a run for the bathroom. “I feel sick,” she screamed.  
Why was she acting weird? Santino wondered, then tried to sit up, but immediately caught a head rush. “Oh,” he said. Something was in the air—an odor, but he had never smelled anything like it before. The more he tried to breathe in, the tighter his throat became. White and blue dots popped out before his eyes, and he felt even more lightheaded. Gasping for breath he tried to call out to Kurma, but to no avail; his smooth voice was gone, and only a rasp emanated from his throat. His body tangled in the covers as he tried to signal his brain to work. That smell, it was everywhere. He couldn’t concentrate on anything else. The noise outside had disappeared, the lights had dimmed, and time seemed to stand still.  
And then he felt it. The blood drained from his face—a painful feeling, as if he were upside down for too long. His heart quickened then slowed to a deadly pace, and his breathing slowed even more. The first thing he noticed was his hands: the tips of his fingers had become a dark purplish blue. The blood must have drained from there too.  
All of a sudden the smell changed to something familiar, something irony and cold yet piquant and earthy. His breathing evened out, but his throat felt desiccated. Santino felt funny, weird, out of sorts. What was wrong with him? Why were his fingers blue? Now able to use his limbs again, he flung back the covers and saw a horrid image. His limbs had doubled in size, hardened and bulging with veins that protruded every which way. His feet were discolored the same as his fingertips. Without warning an ache shot inside his mouth, causing him to double over.  
“Help me,” he gasped. He fell on the floor, and the transformation continued. His teeth sharpened to razor points and doubled. His skin stretched and tightened over his face, and pinned his ears back. Santino’s eyes drew deeper into their sockets and glowed a bitter black. His fingernails sharpened and became hard as metal.  
The hair on his head fell out in tufts as he desperately tried to stop whatever was happening to him. His up became his down; the noise outside became too loud inside. The lights were too bright, and then they were dark. His skin felt tough in some places and smooth in others. His muscles knitted together and became hard and rigid.  
Crawling on all fours, he looked at himself in the vanity in the corner. “What am I?” he asked. Pulling himself off the ground, he felt his equilibrium even out and found that his body felt steadier.  
The mirror told no lies. He was no longer Santino. He touched his face and began to feel a stinging sensation in his eyes. It felt like tears, but he couldn’t tell; he could hardly see. He heard water running in the other room, but his hearing felt constricted. He remembered Kurma had run out. He looked back at his reflection—still hideous. Every time he looked at himself he felt that stinging in his eyes.  
“Go find Kurma,” he instructed himself. Something had happened to him. He needed immediate emergency care. Kurma probably would freak out, but at the moment he just wanted whatever had happened to him to un-happen to him. The medical bills were the least of his worries. He pulled his lips from his gums and was mortified at the sight. His teeth gleamed ivory in the light. And there was that stinging pain again.  
Santino turned and headed toward the door. He stumbled into the hallway and called out to Kurma.  
“I need to get into the bathroom!” He banged on the door. “Open up. I need your help!”  
“I can’t,” Kurma said. Her voice sounded like someone had stroked strings in Santino’s head.  
“What?” Santino asked. Moving closer to the door, his nose picked up a scent—red, warm, meaty…skin. His stomach lunged, and his body naturally reacted. He felt out of control, hungry, mad. So many things at once. Grabbing for the doorknob, he found it was locked. Santino sniffed again. The smell was so intoxicating, and it was coming from the other side of the door. Banging harder, he said, “Let me in now!”  
His voice changed octaves—deeper and powerful. There was no response from Kurma. Santino felt his skin prickle. His throat became drier, and he suddenly realized why: he didn’t want to see Kurma. He wanted to taste her. But why? His hands clawed at the door, peeling the paint, as his animal instincts took over. He was hungry and thirsty, and he couldn’t control himself any longer. He shoved the door, and the wood splintered and cracked. He heard the water go off.  
She’s in there, he thought. Another shove and Santino propelled himself through the door. The first things he saw were gray, steely eyes, big from fright. ‘Whose eyes were they?’ he wondered. Kurma didn’t have gray eyes. The creature’s screams broke into his thoughts and brought him back to the present.  
He realized Kurma was half crouched in the tub, naked and wet. He lunged at her and was met by another shrill scream.  


4.
K for Kurma  

Running to the bathroom, Kurma’s feet thudded on the floor. She practically fell through the door and immediately threw up into the sink. Her stomach didn’t feel right, and she had no idea why. Santino had forgotten to put a condom on and maybe that was making her anxious.  
Yet Kurma never threw up due to anxiety. If anything she became fidgety and felt the need to prioritize and organize something. This feeling she had now was intense. It was as if her stomach was being turned upside down. The pain in her lower region was backbreaking. She tried to steady herself but became faint. Goosebumps rose all over her skin, and her body’s temperature dropped.  
Her breath came out in frosty puffs as if she were outside in the cold. Kurma was scared to death. What had she done to deserve this? She had sex one time, and all of a sudden she felt so ill. Falling to the floor, she clawed at her stomach. Her insides were on fire, and it felt like her internal organs were being torn out. Her belly button, most of all, felt like someone was ripping it out with a metal clothes hanger.  
Tears fell from Kurma’s eyes. She felt weak as she tried to call out for Santino. Reaching up to the doorknob, she saw her skin changing colors. Quickly she snatched her hand back. She steadied it in front of her. Like a chameleon trying to match its surroundings, Kurma changed from olive to pink, from pink to yellow, from yellow to a weird fish-scale pattern. She couldn’t take her eyes off it. Fine hair sprouted in patches from her hands to her arms, baby blue like bird’s eggs. Frantically she stood up and tried to claw the feather-like hair from her body. Lines of blood appeared where she tore and scratched.  
Kurma was about to hyperventilate; she had no idea what was happening to her. Just as her temperature had dropped, it rose again and soared to an unbearable heat. Kurma felt as if she were on fire. Tearing at her hair, she screamed out loud and fell into the shelves of toiletries behind her. No matter what she did, she was on fire, and the hair didn’t stop growing. Twisting the shower on, she threw her body into the water, and was quickly released from her hell.  
Water ran down her face and back, and matted her waist-length hair to her body. The pain in her stomach ceased, but everything else tingled. Her stomach felt empty, as if there were a void in her middle. Kurma feared the worst. She didn’t even want to think what that feeling meant.  
Even though her body felt shaken up, Kurma did feel better. Suddenly she heard a voice that sounded like Santino’s.  
“I can’t,” she said. “Hear you,” she finished quietly to herself.  
As she opened the shower’s glass door, she heard the doorknob rattle. Kurma remembered what her skin looked like and froze. Santino couldn’t see her like this. Grabbing the nearest towel, she huddled in the shower and turned off the water. What would he say when he saw what she had become?  
There was a bang at the door. Oh my God, thought Kurma. He’s going to break down the door. My mom’s going to kill me!  
Her hands began to itch, and her body felt lightweight. She felt the need to escape the tiny bathroom, but Santino was on the other side of the door trying to charge in. She faced a dilemma, and felt the fight-or-flight mode come over her.  
There was another loud thud at the door, and Santino’s ginormous body came crashing through. At that very moment, there was a blinding pain in Kurma’s eyes that made her body spasm out of control. In an instant her limbs bent in on themselves, and it felt as if her muscles had stretched and torn at an unbearable rate—too quickly for Kurma to brace herself.  
Santino looked deformed as he lunged for her. Throwing her hand up as a shield, she realized a huge, steel rod protruded from her wrist, sharp and piercing. In shock she screamed at the top of her lungs and fell forward out of the tub. She saw Santino’s teeth and eyes and knew she was in jeopardy.  
In response to the animal that was Santino, Kurma’s body transformed into a beast. It was twice the size of Kurma’s normal physique. The steel rod—now attached to a baby blue-colored wing covered in thin skin—knocked Santino backward, giving Kurma a full view of herself in the mirror. Her eyes widened in horror. Her feet were no more; in their place were two bony legs with claws bent at odd angles. Her torso, the biggest part of her body, was round and covered with the blue hair she had seen on her arms. Also, she had wings! And they were so big; she couldn’t fully open them in the bathroom without knocking something over. Instead of five fingers she had four, with the metal rod acting like a fifth ligament. Her mouth let out a shrill scream that sounded more like a caw.  
Santino roared at her, and she answered with a swipe of her rod, which she used liked a dagger. Kurma wanted to get away from him; she wanted out of this house. She needed to get herself outside where she could use her wings.  
Santino bit and snapped at Kurma, and clawed his nails deep into her body. Raising both winged arms, she clumsily shoved him against the mirror, breaking the glass and drawing blood. Kurma plunged her dagger into Santino’s shoulder, and silver blood spurted out. Santino heaved back, and Kurma smashed through the door into the hallway. She felt ungainly, but tried to get her chicken-like legs to the nearest exit.  
She could hear Santino behind her. She couldn’t fight him; in fact she had no idea what he was capable of. She needed to regroup and clear her head away from everybody, especially her family. Kurma spotted a window, and was preparing to leave down the fire escape outside when Santino swiped at her head and barely missed.  
Kurma felt the glass of the window shatter against her skin as her huge body propelled through it. The sun lit her body and the wind swept her up. Kurma felt light as a feather. Flinging out her arms, she began to panic. Back and forth she moved her wings, but it seemed like they weren’t working as wings should. Her body twisted through the air, and she heard screams. Finally, in the last instant, her wings created enough momentum, and she glided over a group of onlookers’ heads.  
She heard their voices: anger, fright, and shock. She turned her head and caught the people’s reactions and expressions. Kurma bet she looked like something out of a comic book.  
Suddenly she caught something big falling fast in her peripheral. She heard a loud thud and felt vibrations in the air as the ground shook. The screams she’d heard when she’d launched from the window were nothing compared to what she heard now. Slowing her wings, she steadied her body upright and saw Santino rising from the fall. In the blink of an eye, he snarled loudly and attacked the nearest bystander. Red blood splattered the sidewalk as he ripped the innocent man’s head from his shoulders and bit into it.  
The crowd erupted as the corpse fell into a puddle of red-hot liquid...blood.  


5.
A Raptor is born  

Kurma’s hair whipped about wildly, wet and cold, clinging to her face and eyes as she flapped her wings in a steady beat. Tirelessly she flew higher and higher. She didn’t want anyone below seeing her.  
Everything was going wrong. There were so many thoughts scrambling in her head, mainly about Santino. Before Kurma had flown away, she had seen him in a frantic craze. She had never, in all her time knowing him, seen him act that way. He’d looked possessed, irrational, like a demon from hell. What was it that had turned him into a monster? What had turned her into a…  
Well, she didn’t really know what she was. She could fly, Kurma knew that. And she didn’t have regular body parts. Her fingers and toes and legs were all very different now. She didn’t have any human skin to speak of, and she knew her lady parts were completely gone. Her body was covered in fine, short hair, and her legs were scaly and bone thin. She didn’t feel the urge to eat people as Santino did, so she knew she wasn’t anything like him. Though maybe she hadn’t seen Santino eat anyone, she tried to tell herself. Maybe she had still been in shock from him trying to attack her. Although, now that she thought about it, he’d been trying to eat her as well!  
Beating her wings vigorously, Kurma laughed in her head at the thought of it. Wings. She somehow had grown wings, and was hundreds of feet in the air. If she could fly, were there others like her that could fly too? Had someone made her like this? Had she drank something bad and not known there were DNA-altering properties in it? Certainly her genetics had been dramatically changed. There was no denying it. But Santino wasn’t like her. So had he eaten or drank something else that had turned him into a flesh-eating mega-monster capable of jumping from outrageous heights and surviving? Had he survived the jump because he was already dead? If he were dead, and ate people, did that make him a vampire?  
Oh my God, thought Kurma. Vampires are real! No, he had been in daylight. Not full daylight, because the sun was setting, but still, he definitely hadn’t burst into flames when the light hit him. So the vampire idea was done.  
And why was it that whoever he touched began to act just as weird as he did? Not eating people per se, but obviously something was causing them to stop running and lay on the ground as if the air had been knocked out of them.  
So many questions went through Kurma’s head as she flew eastward. Winged and loving it, she tried to imitate the birds she saw in the distance. She remembered stuff about currents and wind streams, but she didn’t know the first thing about being a bird. She still thought of herself as human, even though she wasn’t.  
Kurma’s wings had naturally taken over, and they didn’t grow tired. Her arms were attached to the wings’ muscles as if the flaps of skin were sewn along the bone. She felt her arms riding the air, and her legs were sprawled out behind her as if she were floating in a pool of water. The wind was rough; she felt it on her face. Her body, however, didn’t feel anything except a soft breeze. Kurma felt a piece of something between her legs and knew she had a slight tail.  
What could a tail be used for on a bird? She thought, though she didn’t really like calling herself a bird. She resembled a flying dinosaur, kind of. Like a Raptor. Yes, that was what she would call herself. It had a nice ring to it. If anybody asked her what exactly she was, she would reply, ‘A Raptor!’  
And then they would try to put her in a circus. Her life as she knew it was over.  
Kurma felt the sun’s warm rays on her skin as its last light faded over the horizon. She saw orange, pink, red, and yellow hues as the fluffy clouds concealed her from the ground below. She decided to fly lower to the ground now that she had the darkness protecting her. Tiny lights popped on by twos as dusk turned into night. Up high Kurma could hear the wind whistle and the hustle and bustle of the day slow down as she neared the downtown area of Alexandria. The city was made almost entirely of buildings: office buildings, factories, houses, apartments, lofts, warehouses, schools. There were only a couple of parks, woods, ponds, and stretches of empty lots left. Kurma saw the infamous skyscrapers of her city as tiny little figures, like gray and silver Legos. The streets were invisible amongst the large buildings.  
Since she couldn’t fly forever, Kurma knew she would have to find a place to land for the night and recuperate. She couldn’t think of any area that would allow her coverage from people, and that was enclosed. Kurma thought and thought about what she would do and where she could go. She knew she couldn’t go back home. What would she tell her mom? Were her brothers worried about her? She hoped everything that had happened to her would not happen to them. If only she knew how she had turned into a Raptor then maybe she could stop it from happening to them. She thought again about what she had eaten or drank, or even if she somehow had nipped her hand on something poisonous. There was nothing she could remember that could have caused her to grow wings, scales, and a metal dagger attached to her wrist.  
Finally she thought of somewhere she could go to land: the Alexandria landfill. She had gone there on an elementary-school field trip with her class some years back. The place was filled with the city’s disgusting trash and recycling, but there weren’t many people working in the landfill, and there was plenty of coverage from the enormous piles of waste and debris. Directing her arms to head south, she flew straight toward the landfill.  
As she got close, the stench that surrounded the entire place greeted her. Even the gassy-green clouds above the landfill seemed murky and thick. Kurma flew closer, but knew she couldn’t stay there unless she had a face mask. Even though she was now a Raptor, it seemed as if she still had regular lungs, and she couldn’t breathe in this kind of environment.  
Although she had flying down for the most part, Kurma worried about landing. Over and over she swooped in circles around the hazy-looking landfill. The landfill seemed alive, the garbage and trash shifting and piling on top of itself. Workers busily emptied dumpsters and containers of waste onto the piles, and Kurma flew in circles still. She was nervous; she was afraid her legs would give out and she would break one of her wing bones if she wasn’t careful.  
Kurma made her body turn downward as she prepared to dive face-first to the ground since every time she tried to drop feet first, the wind created a parachute blockage in her wings, which only made her float more. Nervously she sped toward the ground and tried to aim for a clear space. Her face sliced the air as she descended lower and lower. A couple of feet from the ground, she made her body pull up slightly to level out, so her feet would have a chance to come from behind her. But she overshot, and ended up pulling her feet forward so much that her new tail caught the edge of a pile of trash. Gravity took care of the rest as Kurma rolled and stumbled, wings and all, halfway down the mountain of junk.  
Emerging from the garbage, Kurma gagged on the horrendous smell. Old diapers, spoiled food, and dirty everything was all around her. Picking through the rubble was harder than landing. Her hands and wings became smeared with gunk, and the hairs on her body clung to her skin in patches.  
“Ugh, my God, this is going to be the death of me,” she said. Trying to stay hidden, she made her way to the edge of the landfill, where the gates sectioned off the rest of Alexandria. Kurma clawed her fingers through the holes in the fence and peered out into the darkness, then looked behind her. The landfill was semi-bright so personnel could see what they were doing, and partially hidden by the main building that accommodated the workers. Kurma couldn’t stay there, though. This kind of place ran all night and through the day.  
Kurma looked up and saw barbed wire around the entire gate. Climbing inch by inch, she made her way to the top of the gate and flung her body over, her wings barely missing the razors. Under the night’s cover, she made her way to the edge of Minister’s Lane, a dried sewage line that kids her age used sometimes for drag races. Kurma knew her classmates might have been there, after all it was the weekend. She wanted to cross Minister’s Lane and head up to one of the city’s parks, Dover Park Square. Even though homeless people lived there, tonight they would have to make room for something a little different.  
Kurma wondered if she was stuck as a Raptor forever. As she neared Minister’s Lane, the dirt turned into concrete, and she noticed her feet, which were now claws, had sharp nails. Every step she took, the nails scraped against the concrete. Tip, tap, pit, pat. She would not be able to hide if she made noise with every step. She needed to change back, but how and where?  
As she entered Minister’s Lane, she saw an old, abandoned car. Quickly she hurried over to it and tried to pry the rusty door open. A bum popped up inside, toothless and dirty. The bum opened his mouth in rage; Kurma jumped back in fear, and caught herself with an outstretched arm. Clearly she had disturbed his sleep. She didn’t even think he noticed how she looked at all.  
Off to the side of the lane, she heard a commotion. Shit, this isn’t good, she thought. All she wanted to do was try to turn back into a regular person. Once people saw her wings, she wouldn’t know what to do—she’d probably have to run all her life so she wouldn’t end up in someone’s collection, stuffed and gagged for everyone to see.  
Kurma saw three young boys heading in her direction. Her Raptor eyes had night vision, and she could see the tiniest movements magnified. One of the boys had a limp, and the other two were skinny and ragged. If necessary she could fly away, but then they might tell somebody who would tell somebody, and that person might alert the cops, or worse the news reporters. Shaking her head, she knew she would have to make a run across the entire lane without being spotted. There was absolutely no chance of that, since the lane wasn’t really a lane but a huge, open space with concrete walls.  
“Damn,” Kurma whispered as she dashed from behind the old car and across the lane, right in front of the three boys’ line of sight.  
“Do you see this?” asked the tallest boy.  
“What is that!” screamed one of the others.  
“Let’s get it. Come on, y’all. Catch it!” said the third.  
Kurma heard the three little stooges running behind her, trying to catch her. She was too fast though, and way long gone. With the agility of a cat, she used her claw-like hands to climb the concrete walls and her sharp-nailed feet to tear into the sides so she wouldn’t fall.  
“You guys see that?” one of the boys cried out. “Get this on camera. We gonna be famous!”  
“Try and climb up after it.”  
“Are you crazy? What am I gonna do with it once I climb up there?”  
“I’ll do it,” proclaimed a voice.  
How these boys could be so stupid, Kurma had no clue. If she had found something that looked like her, she would have been running the other way, not toward it. Boys were made up of different chromosomes, though, and they tended to think after, not before.    
Kurma made it to the top of the wall and felt the earth beneath her feet. In front of her was another gate, fencing off Minister’s Lane from things such as the three stooges below. She turned and saw the boy with the bad leg trying to climb the wall.  
“Look, it’s looking at us,” said one of the other boys. He had curly hair and green eyes, and jagged teeth. “You see how big that thing is?”  
“It looks like a lizard. A big ol’ white lizard,” said the other one still on the ground.  
After a good attempt, the boy with the bad leg stopped trying to climb up the wall and returned to stand with his friends. He gazed up at Kurma, who was looking down at them. “No it doesn’t, you moron. It looks like an oversized bat. You see? It has wings. It must have gotten bit by a bat and turned into Batman.”  
“And you call me a moron,” one of the others said, and both laughed at the boy with the bad leg.  
Kurma turned to leave. On the other side of the gate was Dover Square Park, and there wouldn’t be any annoying little boys there who would insult her by calling her a lizard. If anything the bums in the park would be so stoned and drunk that the sight of her would be a mediocre surprise at best.  
Kurma smelled pine trees as she crossed into the park. This was the only place in the city where trees and plants were allowed to grow. The mayor had sanctioned it off years ago for greenhouse usage. Flowers were sparse in the city, but not in Dover Square Park.  
She crept under the moon’s light and tried to stay hidden. Kurma saw homeless people sleeping under the canopy of trees and old tents. Maybe this was the exact place she needed to be. She remembered there was a museum in the northern part of the park. As a kid she used to play on the gargoyles at the entrance. The museum was made entirely of stone, with stone stairs that led up to a second floor and pillars and columns made of rock all around. All the statues were made of stone too. Kurma could remember how her mother used to tell her that if she was bad she would have to live there, with no lights or food. The museum was long since abandoned, and Kurma was sure there would be people living in the stone rooms now, though she hoped not all of them would be occupied.  
The bushes gave way as she stepped out from the lawn of the park onto the stone floors that made up the museum’s entrance. There, as she had remembered, were the gargoyles that protected its occupants from evil. Their faces were smashed in and ugly. Kurma hoped they would keep out as many people as possible.  
She silently walked through the tight entrance. When she was a child, the place had seemed huge, but now that she was older and her body was bigger, she realized it wasn’t so big and grand after all. The stairs to the left that led up to the second-floor balcony was old and decrepit. The steps were chipped and crumbling from years of usage, and Kurma feared the noise would give away her presence.    
On the second floor, her own shadows frightened her. They made her body look even more morphed, and her wings were expansive. The moonlight amplified her transformation against the stone walls, and in agony she tried to tell her body to change back. She could feel her old bones breaking and her muscles ripping even as she thought about the change over and over again. Sweat coated her forehead, and when she tried to wipe her face she felt tiny, hard scales that she hadn’t noticed before.  
Repeatedly she told herself to change back into her old self, who didn’t have scales, and metal daggers, and wings. Finally, on the eighth try, while she crawled on all fours, her bones listened to her demands and bent her legs back into place. She felt her skin tighten underneath her arms and her wings disappear into her skin, though she could still feel the rubbery spots where the wings used to be. She had all five fingers back, and her toes looked normal. She felt her face, and her skin was clammy and moist.  
Pushing her hair back from her face, she tried to stand and could barely keep her footing. She was cold; at least in her hairy form she hadn’t felt the damp air. Naked and tired, Kurma curled up in a ball to keep the night air off her body.  
High up on the top balcony overlooking the park, there were no bums or homeless people to her knowledge; there were only mice that scurried away from Kurma and bugs that crawled over her. She watched the stars outside and wondered about her family, and what Santino was doing at that exact moment. She knew he was lost to her unless there was a way to reverse his condition, as she had somehow done. Kurma didn’t see how their old relationship could work any other way.  
She never felt so alone in all her life. In a world where space was limited and people lived on top of one another, Kurma only wanted to be a part of it all, but she couldn’t. She wasn’t normal anymore. She could morph and change on command, but she was the only one of her kind that she knew of. No mother, no brothers, and no Santino.  




6.
These teeth were made for biting  


The fall was high and dangerous, but Santino zeroed in on the ground below and jumped anyway. His senses were intensified; the air swirled around him as he saw the ground coming closer and closer. The impact was groundbreaking. The sidewalk broke up around his feet and cracked, and he could feel his heels sink into the dirt below the cement. The blood in his legs thinned out as the velocity of the impact rippled through his body. Still he was unhurt, and rose from the ground silently.  
Screams and yells of panic met his ears as his eyes adjusted to the change of scenery. The crowd tried to part around him, but Santino didn’t want space. He wanted them, to eat and to drink. He wanted to stop this urge he had; however, the need to satisfy his basic instincts had to come first, otherwise he would only become more irrational.  
Santino sensed a man coming near him in an attempt to assist him. Wrong move. Santino slashed his sharp nails at the man’s head and connected with his neck. Soft and tender, it was no match to Santino’s newfound power. He ripped the man’s head clean from his shoulders. The corpse dropped to the ground. Santino heard the dead man’s knees hit first, and then the rest of the carcass followed.  
The blood, the gore, the flesh, and the stuff in between clung to Santino’s fingers and arm. Something urged him to eat it. He bit into the man’s face, and all around him chaos erupted: women screamed, men ran, glass shattered, and feet beat the ground. Santino couldn’t believe the taste. This was his food now; the blood was his water. He didn’t want to think that he had become some type of animal that ate human flesh raw, alive, still beating. Still he took another bite from the forehead. His teeth sliced into the skin like it was made of butter, but the bones was a bit thicker. Santino realized his many rows of sharp teeth had come in handy. With a little force, the man’s forehead broke open. Santino crunched the bone between his teeth, and the brains oozed into his mouth.  
A blow struck his head and sent him forward. Santino turned to face his assailant and dropped the head on the ground. It rolled and cracked open like a coconut, its contents spilled and wasted. Santino roared, and blood and brains sprayed from his mouth onto the men in front of him. There were more of them than there was of him, but Santino wasn’t afraid. His thoughts were clear. If these men wanted to be heroes, then they could die heroes—after he had his fill of food, of course.  
Four men tried to jump him from all sides. Santino had to admit they were brave, unafraid, and determined to take him down. Nonetheless, he swiped at the first man, who hit him with a metal pole, and knocked him unconscious. Santino cracked the next man’s back in half, and felt a third man jump on his back while he punched the fourth man in the nose and watched it split in half. His fist rammed twice, until there was no nose at all.  
Santino flung the man from his back into a parked car. He lay lifeless. As Santino walked over to claim his prize, he stopped. He heard a familiar gasping sound. Too familiar, like the exact sound he had made when he couldn’t breathe in Kurma’s room. Like that tight feeling that you get when your throat closes up and you have to wheeze every breath in. Santino turned and saw the man with the pipe crawling on all fours, gasping for breath, his eyes bugged out.  
Sirens blared, and the streets emptied. Never had Santino ever seen them so barren, even on Sundays. He knew the police were coming to try to put him down. Would they call in the RAID team, or would they have amateur officers—rookies who would be dumb enough to put their lives on the line?  
Santino had to think quickly. He didn’t want to be captured, didn’t want to be thrown in jail for murdering innocent bystanders, and didn’t even want to think about the consequences of killing more people. If he stayed, there was a high probability that he would take down as many as he could; Santino had been too brave and too proud before becoming this thing, and now it was ten times worse. However, he wasn’t stupid. If he didn’t leave, the police would shoot him on sight just for looking the way he did, covered in dirt and blood and flesh.  
The guy by the car moved an inch, moaned and groaned, and tried to catch his breath. There it was again: the gasping sound. The two guys Santino hadn’t killed were acting as he had when he’d first transformed. Maybe whatever was in him was highly contagious—and dangerous.  
Quickly he hauled the man from the car and pulled the first guy up from the ground, and dragged both to a nearby apartment building. Inside, people ran for cover. He screamed and threw whatever was around until they got the message: stay hidden. He was hungry, but first he needed to see if these men were going to change as he had.  
The foyer was empty but too open, and there were security cameras. Santino pushed the elevator button and tried to duck out of sight. He could hear the police; they had reached the apartments. The hysterical witnesses outside probably had tipped them off. Santino could hear the cops taking the safety clips off their weapons and loading their shotguns. He was amazed by his hearing, and by how many cops there were—at least twenty-five standing outside, afraid to come in. Maybe, he thought, he should roar to intimidate them a little more.  
But then the elevator chimed, and Santino hurriedly dragged the barely breathing men in.  
“Top floor, buddies,” he said. His voice was very creepy to him. Was it the blood that made it change like that? Santino pressed the button for the twenty-fourth floor and waited until he reached the twenty-first to press the emergency button.  
Santino noticed the men’s fingers had changed colors as his hand had, so he knew their transformation was almost complete. Minions, he thought. He would have cronies, underlings, followers. Or would they be more like babies, smaller extensions of him? Santino waited for the men to grow their teeth—in his opinion the worst part of the whole ordeal.  
When it began, the two men wailed as if awoken from a fitful dream. Like a father to a son, Santino instructed the first guy to try to get up. Santino helped him unfold his broken body and assisted him to his feet. The man gasped for air, uncurled his fist, and examined his new claw-like nails.  
“What am I?” asked the man. Before, he’d had cream-colored skin and thick, dark eyebrows that enhanced his inky-green eyes. His features had grown dark in his transformation, and everything, including his lips, was now a shade of dark purple.  
“You are me,” responded Santino. He tried to pry open the man’s mouth, to get a better look at his teeth, but was met with a nasty bite.  
“Whoa. I’m not going to hurt you,” said Santino. “Open your mouth and let me see your teeth.”  
“Why do you want to see?” asked the man hesitantly. “I feel funny. My throat hurts, my gums hurts, my back hurts… I want to be left alone.” He eyed Santino. “What’s your name? Where am I?”  
“Not so fast. I’ll tell you everything I know, which isn’t much, but only after the other guy finishes. I don’t feel like repeating myself.”  
“My name is Kosner, and I’m a plainclothes police officer. If you let me go, I promise, I won’t tell anybody what happened or whatever it is you’re doing. I swear it. Just let me go. I have kids, man.”  
“Enough, dude. You’re older than me, and you’re acting like a little girl,” Santino yelled. He wanted this guy just to shut up and listen. It was as if he hadn’t heard a word Santino had said. “How do you think your daddy feels about you sniveling and begging in front of me right now?”  
“My dad’s dead, man,” Kosner said in a hurt tone. He quieted down, though, and slid to the floor next to the other man, who was trembling in the corner.  
Santino wanted the other guy to hurry up. The police had to be outside still, or even worse taking the stairs up and preparing an ambush. If he had to, Santino would use his new minions to block the bullets. Self-preservation ran strong in his blood, or it could have been this new animal he was, wanting him to stay alive. Either way he wasn’t going to take any chances. It was better to have more of him than one of him. What if they didn’t have his strength, and could only eat human flesh? Then they would be worthless—just two more mouths to feed.  
Quietly the last man came out of his deep coma and unwound his body from the tight ball it had been in. Santino remembered the man with the pipe well. He was, after all, the reason why Santino had been so riled up in the first place while he was outside. The man had a stocky build and big arms with tattoo sleeves. He rolled on all fours and braced himself against the elevator’s walls. Slowly he stood up and cracked his neck, then his back, then stretched his arms real smooth, as if nothing had happened.  
Santino swelled with pride. Maybe this guy wouldn’t be such a wimp as the other guy. “Kosner, take notes,” he said jokingly, and then turned back to man number two. “You okay, man? What’s your name?”  
The guy’s eyes were almond shaped and pitch black, rimmed with a deep blue color. His oversized, sharp teeth hung over his dark, thin lips. The tips of his nose, his earlobes, even his chin were a dark-blue color. His hair had fallen out of his head, and his skull gleamed in the dim light.  
“Whatever just happened, I wanna do it again,” he proclaimed.  
Santino chuckled. It looked like he had an adrenaline junkie on his hands.  
“My name’s Vincin, but everyone calls me VIN,” the man said.  
“Well, VIN, right now—” Santino stopped himself. “Kosner, can you please stand up? It’s time to get serious.”  
VIN looked to Kosner as if just seeing him.  
“I was a regular eighteen-year-old male who, up until recently, lived a regular life,” Santino went on. “I played sports, I got girls.”  
Kosner cut him off. “Can you get to the part that explains why I feel as if my head has split open and why I have this insane need for water?”  
“Well, it’s not water you need. Anyway, I have good news and bad news.”  
“Good news first,” said VIN.  
Santino was blown away. This guy wasn’t even fazed that he clearly was another species now, and another man standing in front of him looked just the same. He wasn’t losing his cool about it at all, as if it were completely normal.  
“Good news: there are police somewhere in this building. Bad news: we have to stop, kill, harm, or eat them in order to escape with our lives.” Santino smirked.  
Kosner said, “Wait. So what’s the good news part? I think I missed it.”  
“We’re monsters, dude. Look at us!” VIN replied. “I look sick, you look sick, we all look sick. Whoever is on that side of the door won’t understand that. Now, eating them, I’m not sure, but I’ll be damned if I’m the one left behind to answer for whatever this guy did to piss off the cops.”  
Santino couldn’t have agreed more. Get out of trouble now, ask questions later. He released the emergency hold, and the elevator sped toward the top floor.  
“Aren’t you going to tell us what you did to get the cops after you?” asked Kosner.  
“I killed a man,” replied Santino.  
The elevator reached the top floor and paused before opening its doors. Santino could hear a commotion on the other side. Feet moved about, and he knew there would be a trap.   
VIN looked disgusted, and Kosner turned even greener. The doors opened, and a chorus of voices yelled out:  
“Freeze!”  
“It’s a vampire!”  
“Come out with your hands high!”  
“It’s a monster. Look at the blood!”  
“On the ground!”  
“No, it’s a Phantom!”  
Santino bared his teeth and leapt into the carpeted hallway. Vampires, ghost, phantoms, whatever they called him, pretty soon it would mean nothing. Now, the blood… Well, that meant everything to Santino.  



7.
Fae and the Latin Wonders  


The streets were full due to the weekend’s extra traffic flow. As the party of three left the movie theater and joined the crowd, they felt a sense of unity.  
“Too bad Kurma didn’t wanna come out with us,” said Fae, Kurma's mom, Fae. “Either she wants to be with Santino again, or she thinks I’m an embarrassment to her.”  
Fae was five foot seven with long, wavy hair dyed burnt orange. She kept her hair long and thick because she got more attention with it that way and Fae was all about attention. Her eyebrows were pencil thin, and she always kept her lips painted a bright red. She had semi-dark chocolate-colored eyes and long, full lashes.  
When Fae was young she’d had a strict upbringing, and now she had the opportunity to be who she wanted to be. Kurma didn’t like this, and often tried to drift away from the family while on outings. In contrast, Fae loved Kurma for who she was, and never felt embarrassed when Kurma had her fits of depression or OCD, so she didn’t see why Kurma couldn’t accept her the way she was. Yes, Fae was a little flamboyant; she wore tight clothes and chain-smoked with the best of them, but she was still a good mother, or so she thought.  
“Which one is it, boys?” asked Fae.  
The twins peered at their mom with a guilty look. They didn’t want to give up Kurma’s secret. She had told them she was planning a special night for Santino. Inis, the older twin, had bet that meant she was going to let him get to third base. Inis thought Kurma was a control freak and a prude, but she was slowly letting herself be happy and normal. Allie, the younger twin and the one who was closer to Kurma, bet she was going all the way with Santino. He knew Kurma liked this new life she was leading as the popular girl in her senior year with the most popular guy on her arm. And, Allie knew once Kurma made her mind up about something, it was as good as hers.  
However, the twins couldn’t let that secret slip. They were the younger brothers, and Kurma had trained them to go by the brother-sister code: thou shalt not snitch on one another, and she who punishes my brother or sister is my enemy. The twins and their sister had always lived by these two rules.  
“Mami, you know that right now she’s up there lying next to Santino, all hugged up. It’s nothing to do with you. Trust me,” said Allie. “You know how you females do when you get a boyfriend. The saying missing in action aint got nothing on the Rosales women.”  
Fae laughed at her boys. They were always bringing up her and their father’s relationship. For a time Fae had given up a lot to make it work with their dad; he, on the other hand, had taken a lot and more, and still left Fae with nothing. All she could do was laugh at the pain.  
“Rosales women my butt. I just hope she doesn’t make the same mistake I did.”  
“Hey, I know you’re not calling us a mistake,” Inis joked. “All this goodness? You must not know. They don’t call us the Latin Wonders at school for nothing!”  
Fae laughed out loud at her son. “In your dreams.”  
Inis said, “If you were my age, you would try to get with this, don’t deny it.”  
Fae laughed again and said, “Eeeww, you’re creeping me out. I’m your mother, not some little groupie!”  
“Yeah, and don’t you forget it, Mami. Next time we go out, you’d better act like it and put on some bigger clothes.” Allie played around with his mother, poking her in the ribs with his finger, tickling her neck and back.  
“Whatever you say, Papi,” replied Fae. She knew her kids didn’t like her fashion choices, but she was grown and the one in charge, even if all of them were bigger than she was.  
The three crossed the X-crosswalk into their apartment complex and were shocked to see red sirens, police k-9 units, and detectives. Yellow tape was everywhere, sectioning off parts of the streets and the sidewalk. Fae’s neighbors were all outside, and the nearby vendors crowded around the complex’s entrance.  
“I’m telling you, Ma, we gonna have to move up out of this neighborhood,” Inis said. “Too much stuff is happening around here.”  
“You don’t even know what happened, though,” said Allie. He was the more easygoing one. Inis tended to be hot-headed, impulsive, way too quick to jump. Sometimes Allie wanted to tell his brother to relax, but in the long run Inis tended to be right. It must’ve been an older brother thing.  
“Man, I don’t gotta know what happened to see that something happened,” said Inis.  
“You not lying there,” Fae chimed in.  
Fae listened to her boys as she quietly tried to shimmy around the yellow tape to enter the building.  
“Hold on, ma’am. Are you a resident of this building?” a short police officer asked as he cut Fae off with a stubby hand to her face.  
“Yes, I live in this apartment building. Excuse me!” She couldn’t stand cops, much less fat, rude ones who ate doughnuts all day inside their cars while crime happened all around them outside. “I live in apartment 153.”  
The cop radioed someone on his walkie-talkie in a serious manner and kept his hand in Fae’s face.  
“Is that really necessary, sir?” asked Allie. “Why you gotta put your hand in my mom’s face like that?”  
“Pig,” snorted Inis, trying to cover the word up with a cough.  
Fae eyed her boys sternly. “Is there a problem, officer?” she asked.  
“Ma’am, you’re going to have to come with me,” the cop said.  
“For what?” asked Allie in a shocked tone.  
“What have you boys done?” Fae asked her twins.  
“Nothing,” they said in unison.  
Fae looked at them with doubt in her eyes.  
“I swear, Mami, no lies,” Allie said. Inis nodded his head in agreement.  
The two boys whispered among themselves as the police officer led them and Fae into the apartment complex. Police officers were everywhere, Fae noticed. Running to and fro were men in white coats, and women with jackets that read ‘FORENSICS’.  
“Sir, are you going to tell me what this is all about?” Fae asked the officer. “You haven’t even identified yourself.”  
The cop turned his face to her and gave her a sarcastic smirk. “You’ll see when you get to your apartment. Detectives there will go into details about everything you need to know.” He emphasized the word details as if it meant something.  
“Allie, call Kurma right now,” screamed Fae. “Right now!” She hadn’t even thought to call her daughter when the police had stopped her downstairs.  
“Mom, I’m on it, don’t worry,” said Allie. He quickly found Kurma’s number in his contacts. He was worried, but tried to play it cool. The phone rang and rang as the family stepped into the apartment. Music was coming from Kurma’s room.  
“Where is she?” screamed Fae. She grabbed the nearest police officer and pulled his shirt in a death grip. The front room erupted as everyone tried to pry her hands away.  
“Lady, take it easy, take it easy,” said one of the cops.  
Fae’s living room was trashed. It was already small, and with everyone standing in it, including her twin-tower sons, she felt claustrophobic. All the lights were on, and men and women were walking in and out of her apartment as if on separate unknown missions.  
Inis grabbed his mother in an embrace and tried to calm her down. He was worried, but as the oldest boy he sometimes felt like he couldn’t show weakness; he felt like it was his responsibility to step in and be the man of the house.  
A detective came over and introduced himself. “I’m Detective Carrboro. A couple of hours ago, there was an incident where three men were brutally killed.”  
Fae interrupted him. “Where is my daughter? Why are you in my house?”  
“It seems as if the man who murdered the innocent bystanders outside fell from this window,” Carrboro continued as if he hadn’t been interrupted. “When we took a closer look, we found signs that this was not his apartment. However, from more research, we now know that your daughter, a resident of this dwelling, was here recently, and that there was a struggle between the man and her. As you can see, your place is a little wrecked.” He smiled as if he saw humor in the whole situation. “We need to bring your daughter in to question her. See if she’s alright, and see if she would be willing to cooperate with us by bringing in the man to face justice.”  
Allie and Inis looked at each other in confusion. All around them things clicked and rustled; feet pattered, and objects were pushed and prodded. It seemed as if the twins and their mother were the only things not in on the loop.  
“If Kurma isn’t here then where is she?” asked Inis.  
Carrboro said, “I was hoping you could tell us. We need her for questioning.”  
“You already said that,” Fae said in an annoyed voice.  
“Ma’am, do you think maybe she’s run away? Afraid that whoever attacked her will come back?” Carrboro asked. He had his pen notepad out, waiting for any clues. Even though he was oblivious at times to people’s circumstances—Fae’s family, for example—he was the kind of man who stuck to facts and details.  
Fae sat down on her green, plush couch and massaged her knees, an old habit when she couldn’t smoke. Her mind rambled on as she thought of what had happened in her house while she was gone. Kurma had been with Santino that afternoon. Was it Santino the detective was talking about?  
“Mom, what do you want us to do? We could go out and look for her maybe,” said Allie.  
“Or maybe call around and ask her friends,” said Inis.  
“She doesn’t have any friends, dummy,” whispered Allie.  
Fae went right on thinking, and ignored her boys completely. Carrboro had said the man had fallen out of the window and killed three men. ‘Had his falling on the men killed them, or had the man, possibly Santino, gotten up from the fall and killed them after?’ Fae wondered.  
Carrboro tried to guide the twin boys away from their mother to question them separately. He found this method always returned results—divide and conquer. Plus it gave them less time to hatch a lie together.  
Fae could hear the detective trying to lower his voice. He was keeping secrets or planting lies. She didn’t trust him; she never trusted cops. He didn’t even have the audacity to tell her about the supposed struggle that had taken place between her daughter and the wanted man. What kind of cop would keep this information from the mother of the victim?  
Fae hoped it wasn’t Santino who had fallen out her window. She hoped that wherever her daughter was, she was okay and would return home. Even though at times they were at odd with each other, Fae had only one daughter and wouldn’t change that fact. She had to find Kurma, but where was she to look in a city as big and as crowded as Alexandria?  
Then again, sitting around waiting for Kurma to show up was not an option. Maybe she should tell the detective that Santino must have been the man in her apartment; then the cops could begin to look for him, which could lead to Kurma.  
Fae looked ahead as she sat on her love seat, and saw the family’s portrait on top of the small fireplace mantle. Fae was in the middle next to her ex-husband; her twin boys were standing behind them; and Kurma lay at the foot of the couple. Quiet and shy, Kurma was the reclusive one in the family. With her thick, long hair, sparkling eyes, and radiant skin, she had always been beautiful, even though at times she tried to hide it. Fae remembered she used to brush Kurma’s hair at night until the girl fell asleep in her arms. Kurma’s smile could light up a room back then, before the divorce.  
Fae stood up and walked over to the picture. She smeared dust from its frame and saw a clearer image of her family. That unity—she missed that. A tear dropped from her eye onto the portrait, warm and thick. “Don’t let this be real,” she whispered. She gripped the picture tightly as she walked back to her twins and Carrboro.  




8.
It’s always the first-born  


Knock, knock, and knock. Quinn, flipping channels on the television and sitting next to her infant daughter, heard the light raps on the door. She usually didn’t have company this late. She glanced over at the wall clock: half past ten. Santino, her son, should have been home by then. Maybe he had lost his keys.  
“Chandra, get the door,” Quinn told her six-year-old daughter. The girl hopped off the dining room stool where she sat and rushed to the door. Quinn rose from the couch with her baby as Chandra swung open the front door and hid behind it. Carrboro peeked in.  
“Next time, Chandra, ask who it is first,” Quinn instructed. “May I help you?” she asked Carrboro.  
“Yes. I’m with the South Alexandria police force. My name is Detective Carrboro,” Carrboro said.  
“Um, do you have a first name at least?” Quinn asked.  
Carrboro seemed taken aback. Women usually had a thing for him. “My first name is Smith,” he replied. “What’s your name, if you don’t mind my asking?”  
“Well, I do. Why don’t you tell me what’s going on first?” Quinn put her baby down on the couch and turned to face Carrboro. She placed her hands on her hips and got into a comfortable stance. When it came to the police, she needed to be prepared for anything. They only came knocking after something happened. Quinn thought it had better not be anything about Santino or that girl.  
Carrboro stood in the middle of the living room staring Quinn up and down. He didn’t mind a little spice from time to time, and this lady was definitely fiery. Carrboro liked his women petite and short like Quinn, so he could pick them up and toss them around a little bit. Big women weren’t his thing at all. He noticed her dimples, which didn’t need a smile in order to show up. Her eyes were light brown, and stood out against her jet-black hair. Carrboro thought she looked too young to have so many kids.  
“Sir, you were saying something.” Quinn spoke up so Carrboro would stop ogling her. She hated men who stared. He probably was married anyway; married men stared, and that was a fact.  
Carrboro focused in and remembered why he had come downstairs in the first place. “This can go a lot easier if I could just have a name to start off with.”  
“Quinn. Just call me Quinn,” she said quickly, then thought, ‘and get to the damn point’.  
“Okay, I can work with that. Quinn, when was the last time you saw your son?”  
Quinn screwed up her thick eyebrows and thought for a moment. “This morning, when I left for work. He was taking his brother and sister to school as usual. Is Santino in trouble? He hasn’t shown up here yet.”  
“No, ma’am, I don’t believe he is in trouble as of right now. We do need him for questioning, however.”  
“Questioning for what? Do I need to call my lawyer?” asked Quinn.  
This was what Carrboro had been trying to avoid. As the case progressed, the facts became even more distorted. When he had gotten the call for a homicide incident, he had no idea there would be this many twist and turns. At first one body had been found dead, and witnesses had said a man had fallen from a window. Carrboro figured these two were one and the same. Later he learned the dead man wasn’t the one who had fallen from the window. Then Carrboro had received another call stating that the man who had fallen from the window—some fifteen feet—had somehow gotten up and killed two men. This man was still on the run, and had kidnapped two more men in the process. And there could have been another incident involving police officers.  
Carrboro didn’t know what else would pop up on his scanner, and didn’t know how to tell this mother exactly why her child was wanted. Carrboro wanted to see—to actually physically witness—Santino for himself, and talk to him before charging him, getting lawyers involved, and bringing in the media.  
He said, “There’s a lot of speculation going on regarding your son. Supposedly there was a chain of events this evening that caused three deaths, a possible assault, and a kidnapping.”  
 If her son had done all those things, Carrboro would need her to talk the boy into giving himself up. He would have to tread lightly with Quinn.  
“All I want to do is talk to him. When he gets in, please have him give me a call.” Carrboro retrieved his card from inside his jacket in one smooth flip. “My office number is on the front. My personal number is on the back. This case seems to be getting thicker and thicker. It would be wise of you to instruct your son very carefully on his next move.”  
“And if he doesn’t come home anytime soon?” Quinn asked.  
Carrboro looked around the living room. He saw how the family pictures were lined up in rows on the shelves and tables. He noticed how the little girl had come from behind the door and held her mother’s hand. What he saw was a young family in need of their oldest son, who, Carrboro knew, stood in for the father of the house.  
“He will come home. If he doesn’t show up in two days then we’ll put a warrant out for his arrest.” Carrboro’s voice was flat and grave. Whatever he had to do, however he had to twist a threat to get results, then that was what he was going to do. He backed out of the room, and left Quinn and her little girl staring in shock.  
“Mommy, I want Santino here,” little Chandra said in her tiniest voice.  
Quinn held on to her daughter’s hand as she let the detective’s words sink in fully. Whispers, shouts, and questions all swirled around in her head. She didn’t want to believe her first-born son would be anything like his father. Quinn didn’t have the heart to go through it again. All the police questions, the letters, the lawyer fees, the visits—she had done this already. And she had done everything right. She had gotten rid of her husband and his bad ways. So why did it seem as if history was repeating itself?  
“Chandra, baby, go take your little sister in your room,” Quinn said. She looked down at Chandra, who was staring up at her with an angelic face. “Mommy is going to come in there and tuck you in.”  
Oblivious, Chandra smiled and ran to pick up her baby sister gently. The baby’s coos echoed as Chandra left Quinn to herself.  
Quinn had never needed Santino’s father for anything. Every time he’d said he was going to do something and didn’t do it, Quinn had never said a thing. Every time Santino’s father had promised his son something and it had never come, Quinn had covered for him. Now it was time for Santino’s father to show and prove. Whatever this detective was talking about, whatever trouble Santino could be in, Quinn did not have the power to deal with it. The rest of her strength went into her other three kids; she had to leave them with something.  
Santino’s father had never been there—ever. Quinn prayed that just this one time he could be the father Santino had never had. She dreamed about a day where she wouldn’t have to deal with every turn and obstacle life threw at her by herself.  
Quinn found the pink, cordless phone and dialed the number. On the fourth ring, a man’s voice came on the other end of the line.  
“Hello?”  
“It’s me. Quinn.”  
“What brings you to call me?”  
“It’s about your son, Santino.”  
There was a minute’s pause as the man shifted the phone’s position near his mouth. Quinn could hear him better after that.  
“Santino isn’t over here.”  
“I know that, Darius. He’s in trouble and I can’t find him, and I know you haven’t seen him.”  
“Yet, you’re still calling me.”  
Quinn bypassed Darius’s attitude and continued with the conversation. “I’m saying that you need to find him.”  
“Me? Find him? I don’t know where he could be.”  
“I’m going to tell you like this. Either you find him, or the police will find him. It’s your choice.”  
The line went silent for a while.  
The man replied, “Damn.”  
The line clicked dead.  


9.
The man with a plan  

VIN was fierce—Santino could see that. When Santino jumped from the inside of the elevator, so did VIN, no questions asked.  
Santino heard the men’s voices calling out in fear, but they were slow and drawn out. Whatever he was… had multiplied eyesight, strength, hearing, and speed. Santino felt like a superhero, although superheroes didn’t have his kind of appetite.  
The cops’ warnings had no influence on him. Santino hit and smashed whatever came into sight. Likewise, VIN seemed to be in a rage. He bared his teeth at the officers, and ducked and dodged their bullets as he counteracted with his own deadly assault.  
Santino’s senses were stretched to the max. He could see how he affected the cops. They were scared, huddled in groups, acting erratic, and making careless mistakes.  He felt their bullets hit his body: some scratched his skin, others bounced off, but none penetrated him enough to stop him. The cops weren’t slowing him or VIN down, and Santino saw fear in their eyes before smashing their heads in. The smells of sweat, piss, and blood hung in the air.  
Santino heard one officer to his side radio in for help, and quickly turned to snatch the walkie-talkie from him. He ended up crushing the man’s hand and radio at the same time.  
He could see an emergency exit down the corridor, and tried to signal for VIN and Kosner to follow him there. The only problem was that Kosner was nowhere to be found. While Santino and VIN were busy fighting for their lives and holding off the police, it seemed as if Kosner, double the size of his old self, was cooped up in the elevator, shivering of fear.  
VIN was taking care of two police officers at once and couldn’t drag Kosner out. Santino would have to do it, and the realization annoyed him. He was the youngest of the three of them, and he felt he should be the one who was babied, not Kosner. However, this was not the time to pick a fight; a fight was clearly already in progress.  
“Kosner, come out of there,” Santino said. In the three seconds it took to scream this, a wounded police officer shot at him, and this only infuriated Santino even more. He reached down and snapped the cop’s neck, finishing him off. Then he ran back to the elevator, grabbed Kosner by his torn shirt, and dragged him out.  
“Let go of me,” yelled Kosner. He squirmed and kicked away from Santino, but could not get out of his grip.  
After finishing up with the last police officers, VIN showed up next to Santino and alerted him of the footsteps he heard approaching from the floor below.  
“Either you stay here or you come with us,” Santino screamed at Kosner. “This isn’t a game. This is real life. Those are real cops laying here dead. Do you get that, man?”  
Kosner lay sprawled on the flood, dirty and confused.  
VIN was the first to react. He understood Santino completely, and knew it was either kill or be killed. All the questions would have to wait for later. He ran down the hallway and burst through the exit door. Santino gave Kosner one last look and hoped the guy would get a brain and some balls. Then he was right behind VIN as the door to the stairs went flying off its hinges.  
Kosner heard it too, and it finally registered that he couldn’t just lay there and let the cops haul him off. He hadn’t killed these men he saw as he lifted his body from the ground and ran behind Santino, but it certainly looked as if he’d been an accomplice.  
Kosner could feel the vibrations on the floor as the RAID team swarmed into the tiny corridor. The exit doors were inches before him and open. He could see the open sky and the tops of buildings as he fled into the night. VIN was nowhere to be found, but he spotted Santino way up ahead, dashing in between vents and pipes. Kosner could smell his scent; it was kind of guiding him as a map would. He looked behind him, and sure enough the RAID team had followed him through the doors and was gaining on him.  
Kosner felt his legs double up with speed, so much that his body levitated. He could leap several feet in the air. He ran faster after Santino, and soon caught up to him.  
The two of them ran from roof to roof, slid here and there, and jumped from building to building. Only one guy from the RAID team could keep up with them.  
“We have to jump a building that’s not connected on this block,” Kosner yelled to Santino as the two ran on. “This guy isn’t getting the hint.”  
Santino nodded his head in agreement and changed direction—and ran directly into VIN. Santino almost knocked him from the top of the roof with the force of his velocity; he couldn’t control his own strength.  
“Dude, I can’t jump this length. How are we going to get across?” asked VIN nervously. He was afraid of heights, though nothing else.  
“You can do it. Trust me,” said Santino. “It’s all in your mind. See the building, measure it with your eyes, and tell your body the distance you need to cover by going the speed you think will have the most force to propel you forward.”  
VIN looked confused.  
Kosner said, “This is something I think I can do.” Without hesitation he backed away from the ledge and ran full speed at the edge of the building. He zeroed in on the other side and told his body to close the gap, which was several feet of free fall. He hurled himself in the air and felt his feet leave the ground. His legs and arms kept spinning; he had to keep his body moving, or gravity would pull him straight down. Kosner could see the roof of the other building looming large in front of him. He landed on it and skidded to a stop. His legs burned from impact, and he felt his breath catch a bit, but other than that he felt accomplished. Kosner had never been the guy to do something first, let alone the guy who did something first and right.  
Santino saw Kosner complete the jump without the slightest of problems. He really liked VIN for the most part, but he couldn’t let the guy slow him down.  
“Stop!” yelled someone from behind.  
Santino didn’t hesitate for a second. He backed away and jumped the same way Kosner had, using his momentum to add to his height so he could clear the gap between the roofs.  
Santino heard gunshots as he flew through the air, but couldn’t worry about it. He made it across the gap and landed several feet behind where Kosner had. Santino turned, and was glad to see VIN coming across just as he had, although not as smoothly.  
VIN fell short and ended up barely hanging on to the edge of the building. Kosner was the first to respond. VIN was huge and heavy, and growled in fear as he hung limply on the edge.  
“Give me your hand,” screamed Kosner. “Let go with one hand, and I won’t let you go, I promise.”  
Santino reached over Kosner and bent over the edge of the roof. He grabbed for VIN’s clothes. In one smooth motion, Santino pulled VIN’s weight up and over onto the roof.  
Kosner looked at Santino in amazement and envy at the same time. It seemed to Kosner that Santino did everything right—he didn’t have to try hard at all. How was it that some guys had it all so easy, as if they were genetically predisposed to succeed?  
VIN rose from the ground shaken and embarrassed. He and Kosner hurried behind Santino to the access door that led back into the building.  
“I’m glad that’s over,” said Santino as he took the stairs down. “Good thinking, Kosner. Jumping buildings should keep the police off our tracks for a while.”  
“But where are we going now?” asked Kosner. It was clear to him that Santino was the leader, and that he possibly held the answer to why he could run abnormally fast and jump outrageous lengths.  
“We need to find a place where it’s dark. Somewhere out of the way, secluded,” VIN responded.  
The three men walked in unison under the night’s protection, taking as many back alleys as possible. The nights in Alexandria were quite loud. The restaurants, bars, and diners stayed open all night, and the sidewalks and bus stations were crowded with people trying to get to and from. Most minded their own business; Alexandria wasn’t a friendly city. There was no brotherly love or random acts of kindness to one’s neighbor.  
Santino could think of only one place that was open yet vacant enough to hide out in: the gym he used when he was growing up. When Santino was very young, his dad had introduced him to boxing. Santino had loved the sport and loved his dad for putting him on to it. However, that was the only thing his father ever did for him before going away to prison.  
Trinidad Gym closed late and opened early for those who had hectic work schedules. Santino still went from time to time to check up on his old coach and spar with his friends from school. Ever since he had hooked up with Kurma, though, he had sort of dropped everything for her; he’d stopped practicing and seldom showed his face around the gym anymore. Most of the guys his age there were into some crazy stuff, and Kurma had always disapproved.  
Santino knew the gym would be the perfect cover for the guys. It would be quiet around that time of night, with guys focusing on their workouts instead of worrying about three goonies.  
“We can go up to Trinidad’s on thirty-fifth Ave. and lay low for a while,” said Santino.  
“You don’t think there’ll be people around? A gym is pretty bright. I don’t want anybody seeing me like this,” said Kosner.  
“Trust me. The guys there mind their own business. We won’t be in the gym anyway, but behind it where they keep their extra equipment and stuff,” Santino said. “It’s time I had the talk with you two.”  
“This guy,” VIN said jokingly. “You sound like my father.”  
“I am your father in a way.”  
VIN didn’t like that. He was the kind of guy who was his own man. He had had a dad, and he didn’t like him; besides, VIN was twice Santino’s age, and he didn’t like being guided by a teenager who was still in high school. “Don’t joke around with that,” he said.  
Santino could feel a slight tension, but it was what it was. Whether VIN wanted to admit it or not, he came from Santino. Whatever was in Santino’s hands or skin passed on to VIN, and spawned something very much like an offspring.  
“Look, I’m hungry and thirsty,” said Kosner. “I’m ready to stop moving. I say we go up to the gym. Cut the macho stuff out, alright?”  
VIN looked at him as if he were crazy, but didn’t egg him on. Kosner wasn’t a threat, just puffed out a bit from jumping that building. He wasn’t talking like this back in that elevator, thought VIN.  
“We also need new clothes and jackets, and bigger pants,” Santino said. “I must have grown. My shirt is split, and my pants are too tight. We’re going to stand out like this. We need to blend in better.”  
“Good thinking. It’s late, though. What clothes store will be open?” Kosner asked.  
“Who said we need it to be open? Goodwill is right down the street.” VIN wasn’t into following the rules. With his size there weren’t many who could challenge him. “We sneak in through the back undetected, grab what we need, and be on our merry way.”  
“You down, Kosner?” asked Santino.  
“Doesn’t look like I have a choice,” he said in a sullen tone.  
Goodwill was on the way to the gym, and Santino didn’t see any harm in breaking into the store. If it was closed, then there was less of a chance for the guys to attack anyone, or worse touch anyone and cause another transmutation.  
Santino and the guys walked around the back of Goodwill looking silent and deadly. Santino led, and Kosner and VIN followed. Santino’s eyes darted here and there to make sure there were no eyewitnesses around. He knew there would be security cameras, but he didn’t look the same as he used to, so someone possibly figuring out that he had broken into a store was his last concern.  
Fog and the city’s underground heat created the perfect hazy cover. The lights were on but dim in the back of Goodwill’s loading dock. VIN climbed the railing and checked to see if the coast was clear. He signaled to the others, and Santino and Kosner quickly closed the gap between the street and the building’s employee access door. There was a huge gate nearby that the trucks backed up to, and VIN was already at work trying to pry it from its hinges.  
“It’s locked for a reason,” Kosner tried to whisper to VIN, but VIN wasn’t paying attention. “You’re going to have to break the chain or the lock itself.”  
VIN stopped and looked to him with death in his shiny, black eyes. “You wouldn’t happen to have a lock cutter in your back pocket, would you?”  
Kosner didn’t understand the question. “No, of course I don’t.”  
“Well then shut the hell up and stand back, and watch a real man work!”  
Santino blew air out of his mouth at VIN’s response, and knew not to get in his way. He watched as VIN tried countless times to break the bulky lock and chain. The more VIN tried, the more noise he created.  
“Let me try,” said Santino when he’d had enough of the ruckus. Sooner or later the cops would come to investigate.  
VIN looked irritated as he stepped back. Santino approached the gate and peered up the chain to see how it kept the gate closed. The contraption was difficult and intricate. He thought it would be smarter simply to rip the employees’ door off its hinges, rather than mess with the loading gate. He jumped from the platform and walked the short distance to the back door. He wiggled the knob to see if it was locked, and it was. Santino steadied his grip on it and looked to VIN and Kosner, who were still up on the loading platform. He wanted them to see how it took two seconds for him to figure out a better plan, compared to the five minutes VIN had spent trying to muscle his way into the gate.  
Santino pulled the doorknob clean through its hole. He took his pointer and middle fingers and hooked them in the gaping hole, and pulled the door away in a soft swoop. “And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how it’s done.” He smiled at the other two.  
“Yeah, whatever,” VIN said under his breath as he jumped to the ground.  
Kosner was the last to jump, and then he followed the other two in silence. They were in a small, completely dark hallway when he realized he could see everything as if he had on night goggles. In the dark he saw VIN pause and feel out into the open space.  
“Do you think we could get some light?” VIN asked.  
Kosner realized VIN didn’t have the night vision he had. He saw Santino walk around tables and chairs over to a wall where he reached for a light switch, and his hope diminished. It seemed that everything he had, Santino had as well and more. Well, at least he could see in the dark and VIN couldn’t. That was better than nothing.  
“You couldn’t see, VIN?” Santino asked. He could see fine in the dark. Everything was on a grayscale instead of pitch black.  
VIN’s eyes adjusted to the light, and he saw that he was in a break room of some kind. “It was pitch black man, like no one paid the light bill.”  
Santino found that odd. He looked to Kosner, who seemed fine—he wasn’t blocking the room’s light with his hands as VIN was doing. Santino realized Kosner could do things VIN couldn’t, and VIN had abilities Santino had but Kosner didn’t.  
“Let’s just get the stuff,” Kosner said as he walked to a refrigerator. “I’m starving. Like, eat-my-own-hand hungry.”  
He opened the fridge and peered in. He saw old leftovers and a wrapped turkey sandwich. “Yahtzee!” he proclaimed, then ripped open the sandwich and tore into it.  
Santino watched and waited to see if maybe he could eat regular food instead of human flesh.  
“Aargh. What the hell?” Kosner frowned at the food. He sniffed it. “It smells okay.” He took a bite from the other side of the sandwich and frowned again. “Okay, the meat must be bad.”  
“What does it taste like?” asked VIN.  
Kosner grimaced. “Like vinegar, and grass with a hint of salt and old, spoiled eggs.”  
VIN laughed. “Well, I guess it’s like the guy said—only raw meat for us.”  
“My name is Santino,” he said.  
“Wow, you know, this whole time I never even knew your name,” said Kosner as he dropped the sandwich on the floor. He held his stomach and made his way to the front of the building, into the main shopping area. “Food’s on hold for a while. I’m not sure I want to just take the teenager’s word on what I can and cannot eat.”  
Santino and VIN followed Kosner into the store. Santino thought it looked creepy with all the odd things hanging from the ceilings and walls. “Look at all this old crap,” he said.  
VIN darted from aisle to aisle, looking for the men’s section.  
“Stay away from the windows,” warned Santino.  
“They’re over here guys,” Kosner yelled across the room.  
“Sshhh,” said VIN in a hushed voice. “I hear something.”  
Santino’s sixth sense perked up, and he scanned the room for anything out of the ordinary. He saw stairs leading up to a second level and a light coming from a little room that seemed to be an office.  
VIN growled under his breath. Someone was in the store, and that meant food. He hadn’t let on how hungry he was because then he would have to believe that Santino was telling the truth about eating people. That was his last hope—that whatever he was, he was not a carnivore that preyed on humans. But his mouth went right on salivating. His breathing slowed down as he listened intently to what was going on upstairs. He could hear music and voices. His empty stomach growled, and his feet seemed as if they had their own mind. They led the rest of his body toward the stairs. His eyes stayed focused on the room’s light, never leaving their mark.  
Santino smelled it too: food. He saw Kosner try to sneak around the side to join VIN. Even though he was hungry—starving even—he had to be smart about it. If VIN or Kosner mistakenly touched someone then that person too would turn into a Phantom—unless they killed him, and that would lead to more police, and Santino’s plan to stay off the grid would be ruined. He would have to stop them before they went too far. They weren’t there to eat, after all, but to get clothes so they could get from point A to point B.  
Just as VIN and Kosner made it to the first step, Santino reached out and pulled them back. Kosner hissed at him and bared his teeth. His ears drew back, and his eyes turned reddish black. VIN didn’t even pause, but shook Santino’s arm off him and continued up with a quickened pace.  
Santino had no way to control the two unless he used real physical force, and he didn’t want to hurt his protégés. He felt helpless as VIN and Kosner ran up the stairs, making a ruckus as they went, following the warm scent of food.  
VIN was the first to reach the room and tore the door off as if it were a butterfly wing. There were two people in the tiny room. One was a female, and the other was a male who must have been the manager of the store since he had a huge set of keys on his hip. The two were in the middle of something—the guy’s pants were down, and the lady had her shirt unbuttoned.  
VIN charged at her. A bloodcurdling scream erupted from her mouth. Kosner rushed and knocked the guy over a table in his attempt to join VIN in the feast. The woman’s hands went up to protect her face, and VIN played with her like a cat with a mouse. He grabbed her arms and squeezed them tight. Santino, who was frozen in place, heard her bones cracking. He looked on in horror. Was this how he’d looked when he’d attacked Kurma?  
VIN licked the woman’s face, and she cried out in disgust and pain. Kosner wasn’t into all that; if he was going to eat, then that was what he was going to do. Breaking arms, pulling out hair, licking faces and all that was not his style. He came from behind VIN and grabbed the woman by her throat, squeezed tight, and snatched her head clean off her neck. He felt the meat’s last pulse as the blood poured on the floor, bathing his shoes in red. Her mouth hung agape, and her eyelids closed slightly. Kosner felt his lips slide back over his teeth. He closed his eyes and opened his mouth wide.  
VIN snatched the head from Kosner and bit into it. Kosner was taking too long with the thing, and he was starving. Kosner flared up and let out a growl, then lunged for the head.  
Santino watched as the two wrestled for the prize. He looked over to where the man had fallen unconscious. He wasn’t dead; Santino knew this, and shook his head at the thought. Another mouth to feed and another man to follow him. Santino could see the pros and cons of the situation. He walked over to the man and kicked him. The man was in his late twenties, white, with sandy hair and an eyebrow piercing. Santino watched as the transmutation took place. Fortunately the man slept through the pain. Behind him VIN and Kosner finished with the woman’s head and tore into the body.  
“Save some for this guy,” said Santino.  
Kosner looked up from the floor where he sat biting into the carcass’s chest. “For who? Don’t you want some?” He held the woman’s hand up for Santino.  
He wasn’t worried about the food anymore. “You can’t touch people. Whatever is in your blood, or whatever it is that is making us like this, is highly contagious. Kosner, you knocked this guy over trying to get to his girlfriend and didn’t kill him, therefore he has been exposed.”  
“Basically I turned him into us.” Kosner wiped blood from his mouth. “Dude, are you hearing this?” he asked VIN, who was busily tearing into a chunk of flesh. He only growled in response.  
Kosner stood up from the dead body and instructed Santino to try to eat. “We don’t know when we’ll have another opportunity. I’ll watch out for him until he wakes up.” Kosner had eaten his fill, and was thinking more clearly than before. His throat felt ten times better, and his head had stopped spinning. He walked to Santino, patted him on his back, and parked himself on the overturned table. “Don’t worry. As soon as he comes to, I’ll let you know. Eat something, Santino.”  
He was hungry. The scent of the woman’s blood was intoxicating, and he was thirsty. “Alright,” he agreed. “VIN, slide over.”  
Santino dropped to his knees and then on all fours. He dipped his fingers into the pool of blood that had collected around the body. He bent his head and sniffed. He took a long slurp and breathed the metallic smell in deep. Next to him VIN slowed down his eating, and Santino pushed him out of the way. VIN fell over like an overstuffed teddy bear.  
Santino inspected the woman’s remains and saw there was a leg, an arm, and her torso left. Everything else was a bloody mess. He went for the torso first. He dug his sharp nails into the ribcage, reaching in to the heart. It felt lukewarm and soft and squishy. Santino pulled it from its dead owner and put it in his mouth. He chewed quietly, savoring the flavor. He took another bite, wiped his mouth, and smacked his lips.  
“Who knew we taste so good,” said VIN, who had crawled off into a corner.  
Kosner and Santino looked at one another and laughed, low at first, then more loudly and nervously.  
“Hey, hey, hey, this guy is moving.” Kosner stood up from the table and backed away from the man.  
Santino stood up and went close. He could hear a groggy, deep voice and tried to make out what the man was trying to say.  
“My mouth, my head… It hurts so badly.”  
“Get him on his feet,” VIN said. “That should wake him right up.” 
Santino and Kosner hoisted the new guy up. “What’s your name?” asked Kosner. He slapped the man’s face lightly. “Can you hear me?”  
The guy’s head slouched forward and backward, like a newborn babies. “Leon. My name is Leon.”  
“Leon, there we go. His name is Leon,” proclaimed Kosner with a goofy smile on his face.  
Santino rolled his eyes. Kosner wasn’t the brightest of the bunch. “VIN, bring me a piece of meat.”  
VIN rolled over, big and bulky, and pulled the woman’s leg from its socket, then brought it to Santino.  
Santino handled the meat with care as he put it under Leon’s nose, waving it back and forth.  
“Good idea,” said Kosner.  
Leon came too shortly, sniffing and breathing in the smell. His eyes opened, and his neck stiffened, steadying his head. He pushed Santino and Kosner away and stumbled a bit on his own.  
Santino watched Leon as he stood up. Every time he saw one of his creations in the beginning stages, he felt so proud, like a father who had taught his son how to ride without training wheels.  
Leon’s mouth hung open, and drool clung to his chin. He had a crazed look about him; his blond hair had fallen off in patches, and the veins in his face were bulged. He took in his old office. He smelled blood in the air, blood and sweat and tears. He felt bone-shivering cold, like when he was a child growing up on Lake Michigan. He hated it. He saw the desk lamp, the only light in the room. His eyes adjusted, and he saw three men. Where was Mona? He tried to back away from the trio, but his body bumped into something. He put his hands up in defense and saw they were grotesque and swollen.  
“It’s okay. Just breathe deep, and slow down your thoughts,” Leon heard a voice say.  
His hands were claws. They were white and long and thick, with razor-sharp nails. Black veins ran up his arms as if his blood was made of tar.  
“What am I?” he asked.  
“You’re a Phantom,” replied Santino.  
“So that’s what you’re going to call us?” Kosner asked.  
“Do you have a better idea?” Santino replied.  
VIN and Kosner looked at one another as they racked their brains for a cleverer name. Neither one responded.  
“Exactly what I thought,” Santino said. He turned back to Leon, who seemed to be in shock. “You must be hungry. You should eat something.”  
Leon didn’t feel hungry. He felt confused and lost. The last thing he remembered was making out with Mona, the lead clerk at Goodwill. Mona, busty Mona with her sweet smile. Leon couldn’t say where she was right now. He could only hope she had left before these thugs showed up.  
“Who are you guys?” he asked.  
“I think it’s time to go,” VIN said as if he hadn’t heard Leon.  
“Yeah, I’m gonna go downstairs and clean up,” said Kosner.  
“So you all are just gonna leave me with the new guy like that?” Santino couldn’t believe it. Kosner and VIN left the room looking like a crime scene, and closed the door behind them. Santino knew Leon would ask a million and one questions about how and why and what was going on. He had some answers, but not all. He turned around and saw Leon staring at him, patiently waiting for an explanation. At least he wasn’t freaking out like Kosner had.  
“Look,” Santino started, “I know you have a lot of questions for me.”  
“Not just you, for all of you. Like how did you get in here? Where is Mona?” Leon took in the room again, and all he saw was red…red blood, liquid and bright, in puddles with chunks of bones and meat. His eyes widened in horror.  
Santino couldn’t handle this. If only they hadn’t eaten this guy’s girlfriend, he might have been able to explain things better.  
“Is that Mona?” Leon uttered. Then he began to scream. “You killed her! Mona!” He dropped to his knees and crawled toward the puddle of blood.  
Santino had had enough. First he had an adrenaline junkie, then a scary cat, now a crybaby. What was in this stuff that had all these grown men becoming so extreme in the beginning stages? Santino bet Leon didn’t even like Mona that much, that she was just a work fling. Yet here he was going on and crying like he’d lost his first love. You don’t sneak your first love into your office after hours.
Santino bent down and dragged Leon away from the gory mess. He pulled Leon onto his feet and tried to direct him toward the door. He had to clean up, and if Leon wasn’t going to eat anything, then staying in the room with human remains would just upset him even more.  
“Let’s go, buddy,” Santino said.  
Leon sniffled and let Santino push him from the room. “What happened?”  
“Just take a walk, and I’ll tell you whatever you need to hear. Watch the steps.” Santino directed Leon down the stairs to join the rest of the guys. He saw Kosner had picked out a new outfit, all black and trendy with a huge scarf that covered half his face and leather combat boots. VIN had chosen a dark black and blue ensemble. He had on an oversized trench coat with a cardigan underneath, and a black fitted cap on his head.  
“Look at you two. What are you guys now, fashion models?” asked Santino. “Why didn’t you find anything for the new guy?”  
“I did. Nothing too fancy, though.” Kosner tossed clothes at Leon’s feet.  
Leon stood there with a blank expression on his face. Santino was still holding on to him. He felt light, like he could fly away at any given time. Santino didn’t know if he was in shock or just very nonchalant.  
Leon bent to pick up the clothes. He peered at them and said, “I don’t look good in camouflage.”  
VIN burst out in laughter. “We have a fruitcake onboard, boys!”  
“Enough,” said Santino. “Put those on. We’re taking a walk,” he told Leon as he went to find himself some clothes. His were covered in dirt and blood, and were ripping at the seams. He picked out a leather jacket and a black hoodie. He looked at the glasses display case and found some black aviators.  
“Just leave everything as it is,” he said. “We’re going out the back.”  
Leon asked, “Where are we going?”  
“Someplace where we won’t be bothered,” Santino responded.  
“Can’t we just stay here? This place is empty.”  
“Not for long it won’t be,” answered VIN. “As soon as it opens up tomorrow morning, someone’s going to find your pretty little Mona. That was her name, right?  
Leon looked as if he was about to cry all over again.  
“Leave him alone,” said Santino.  
VIN huffed. “Stop trying to be Mr. Save-a-Captain, alright?”  
Santino ignored VIN and his childish ways, and walked back toward the break room. Kosner followed, leaving VIN with Leon.  
“Well, are you coming?”  
Leon jumped at VIN’s voice. He didn’t want to go anywhere, not with these guys. He didn’t know what was going on. All he wanted to do was go home, but his parents probably would be there watching his nieces and nephews. He didn’t want to bring this drama back to his house, especially since it involved the death of his coworker.  
Leon shuffled his feet for a moment and followed the two guys. The big one came behind him, and he truly felt his life was in danger. What if these guys were kidnappers and were trying to hold him for ransom in trade for his parents’ four-bedroom house? All around the big cities, especially Alexandria, kidnapping and ransom cases were becoming the norm. The schemes went like this: kidnap someone with a huge house, and have them sign it over in trade for the loved one.  
Leon didn’t know what was going on. There were a million and one questions going through his head. It seemed as if the tall one was the leader. Still, nothing could explain why they looked hideous, like monsters out of a book. Though they dressed themselves up, they couldn’t fool the naked eye. They weren’t anything like average citizens for sure.  
Out on the empty backstreet, Leon saw things he had never seen before. A slight drizzle had begun, and it seemed to distort everything. The dim streetlights glowed bright. He noticed the cracks in the pavement—all of them, even the tiny fractures. He noticed the graffiti on the buildings, how colorful and intricate the patterns were. Even the night wasn’t black, more like a grayish coal color. The stars, though still blocked out by the city’s murky smog, seemed to twinkle a bit. Leon’s vision had doubled, even tripled.  
“What’s happened to me?” he whispered to himself. Then he felt a hard shove from behind.  
“Keep it moving.” VIN said.  
Santino looked back at Leon and VIN. For some reason VIN had taken a liking to the new guy, and not in a good way. “Hey, Leon, let me talk to you quickly.”  
Leon was glad he had a reason to get away from this bully. He made his way up to the front, and came in between the smaller one and the taller one on his right. “What’s your name?” he asked the tall one.  
“Santino.”  
Leon pointed at Kosner and asked him the same thing.  
“Call me Kosner. The guy behind us is called VIN.”  
“As in the vehicle number of a car?” asked Leon. He couldn’t believe his luck. Here he was being kidnapped by three thugs. His mother would have a fit.  
Santino looked over Leon’s head. Kosner looked back at him with a ‘yeah, he went there’ look.  
“No, his real name is Vincin,” said Santino. This new guy turned him off. He felt Leon had a judgmental vibe and wondered how he would affect the group’s camaraderie.  
Santino directed the others toward the AirTrains. The Trinidad Gym was in the middle of the city, and they needed to get there as quickly as possible. Walking any farther was out of the question since there were too many of them. No way could they go unnoticed.  
The four followed the walking traffic into the AirTrains tunnel that led up to the platform.  
“Keep your head down and don’t talk to anyone,” Santino instructed the group.  
“VIN, try not to mess with anyone, including babies and pets,” joked Kosner.  
The men huddled together as they made their way through the tunnel with its polished, gray walls. The group was dark and silent, and tried their best to blend in without anyone noticing them. Hundreds of people crowded the tunnel carrying backpacks and suitcases; most of them looking at the ground as they walked, minding their own business. Santino couldn’t have been happier.  
The train was just as crowded, and the ride was rough. The lights flickered on and off as usual. The walls were covered in advertisements. All the seats were taken, and Santino and the guys stood huddled together at the end of the car. They were big and bulky; some people stared at them, others quickly looked away. Santino had a posse now, and he imagined he looked like a badass in his leather jacket. But was that what he wanted? He had a brother who looked up to him. He had friends and teammates. He didn’t know if he wanted to trade his old life for this new one.  
As he watched everyone else going about their day-to-day lives, he thought about where his was headed. Was he immortal? He knew bullets didn’t penetrate his skin; he knew he could jump high, look far, and see in the dark; he knew he had abilities he had never dreamed of. And he had an appetite that caused other people deadly harm, which meant he could never go back to his old life.  
The call for St. Peter’s station came over the PA, and Santino alerted the others.  
“St. Peter’s is going to be crazy tonight since it’s the weekend,” said Kosner. “I don’t want anyone to see us like this. I think we should stay near the walls.”  
The group agreed and silently stalked out of the AirTrains one by one. They went down the stairs in single file with their heads down. Santino pulled up his hood, VIN repositioned his cap, Leon put his hands in his pockets, and Kosner quickly led the group out of the station.  
“Which way, boss?” he asked Santino.  
“Boss?” asked VIN in a sarcastic tone.  
Santino looked at VIN and knew that sooner rather than later he would need to let VIN in on the secret: Santino was the leader—period. He didn’t want to be a tyrant, but when it came down to it he was the strongest, fastest, and oldest out of the four. He believed VIN saw him as a dictator, but he had to find a way to show he wasn’t like that.  
“Go up 40th Ave. and make the first right onto McClire Lane. You can’t miss it,” Santino said.  
The night was cold and misty with a light drizzle, and the streets were still teemed with people as the group neared the heart of the city. All the skyscrapers were lit, and the restaurants and clubs were coming alive. The group weaved in and out of the walking traffic and attracted unwanted attention here and there. Santino was afraid someone would antagonize them because of their size and height, but fortunately it didn’t happen, and they made it to McClire Lane in one piece—without touching anyone.  
Trinidad Gym had the perfect location. It was in the middle of the city, and the only building on its block. The street was off of a main drag, and most of the time got few visitors. Santino’s grandfather had once owned the gym until the building had gone into foreclosure, and he sold it. Santino’s father had even managed the place at one time. His father used to train real fighters before he went to prison. When he was released, he got a position back at the gym as a junior training coach. Santino wasn’t worried about running into his dad today though; he knew Darius was on leave because he’d gotten into an altercation with one of the new hitters. This was good. He was the last person Santino wanted to see.  
The gym came into view, and Santino directed the guys around back. A huge, metal fence blocked off the entrance. Santino had snuck in hundreds of times, and this time was no different. There was a bunker in the back that used to be the custodian’s room, but then the gym was renovated and the bunker became an extra space for old gloves, ropes, sandbags, and weights. Only a few people knew about it—the original owners and the custodian. It seemed like a good place for Santino to collect his thoughts.  
Leon needed help jumping the fence, but the group went unnoticed by the patrons of the gym. Santino could hear sparring inside as he looked for the bunker. He found it, looking just as tiny and isolated as he remembered from his younger years, when he would hang back there with his dad.  
The door was unlocked. There were no windows, and inside the room was pitch black.  
“This looks like it should be in a horror film,” Leon said from the back, his eyes scanning the empty lot behind the gym.  
Santino felt around on the wall for the light switch, H found it and flicked it on, then hurried the guys, who were acting reluctant and scared, into the room and shut the door behind them. They crouched in the crowded space. The room was filled with old equipment, a desk and a chair, three old sandbags, and two duffels overflowing with athletic tape.  
Santino hoisted himself up onto the desk and felt it creak under his weight. He remembered bringing girls back there and doing things on that desk that would have shamed a nun.  
“Alright, so now that we’re all here, let’s hear it. What did you do to us?” VIN was the first to ask. He parked himself on a bench in the back and waited for Santino to fill him in on everything. He wanted to know why he could hear so good, why he had sharp nails, how he was twice as strong as he used to be, why had all his hair fallen out, why he needed two rows of shark-like teeth, and, most of all, why did human flesh tasted like turkey and stuffing on Thanksgiving day. He wanted answers. He hadn’t stayed behind and snitched to the police about Santino. Now Santino had better hold up his end of the deal, or VIN would talk about what happened—but to the cops.  
Santino clapped his hands and took off his jacket. He got comfortable on top of the hard, wooden desk. The lights flickered a bit as he prepared to begin his story. Everybody quieted down, and all eyes were on him. Santino breathed in deeply and began.  
“I wasn’t bit by a spider. I’m not an alien from another planet. I didn’t run away from an underground testing facility that was doing unapproved experiments.” He paused as he collected his thoughts. “As I tried to say before, I was a regular teenager. I go to Cacheus High School over on Brixton Circle. My mom’s is cool. I got two little sisters and a little brother. I’m All-City, varsity, I play football, basketball, the works. I used to box in this very gym until I quit last year. I had a girlfriend named Kurma up until recently.”  
He stopped and his voice broke when he said her name. Where was she right now? Last he had seen, she had wings and was wet and scared.  
“My story gets complicated.” He looked at the guys, who were on the edges of their seats, taking in everything he said. “Kurma and I were messing around.”  
“Messing around how?” VIN’s voice exploded in the small, quiet room. “Don’t leave anything out.”  
Santino cleared his throat and continued. “I took my girlfriend’s virginity.  It was okay. She was kind of shy, kind of stiff, but all in all not bad. I was laying there after we were done, and all of a sudden she got up and ran to the bathroom. That was where things got weird. I was lying in bed, waiting for her to come back so I could go for another round, and then I got this intense pain in my head. My face felt like all the blood had drained out of it.”  
Kosner nodded his head in recognition.  
“I changed,” Santino went on. “I do not lie when I say I went through the exact same things you experienced. I even tried to attack my girlfriend who was in the bathroom. I realized my hunger when I came upon her. I fell out of her apartment’s window when I attempted to chase her down.”  
Santino looked at Leon. “I survived the fall and immediately began to attack people. One wasn’t lucky enough to make it out alive. While I was eating his face off, these guys”—he indicated VIN and Kosner—“tried to stop me. I touched them with my bare hands and spread this thing to them without even knowing it. I turned them into Phantoms like me.”  
Leon looked scared. VIN was listening intently. Kosner looked somber, nodding his head at Santino’s pauses and breaks.  
“I now realize that whatever is in my blood and in my pores can contaminate other human beings, and change their DNA so they become like me,” said Santino.  
“Do you recall anything that could have been the reason you changed originally?” asked VIN. “Anything you ate or any person you encountered? Someone who could have passed something on to you?”  
Santino became quiet; he thought long and hard. He came up with nothing. “If I could talk to my girlfriend then I might be able to ask her opinion on the subject. We were together for most of that day.”  
“We eat people. That’s so crazy to me,” Kosner said in a quiet voice. “Why do you think we were created to eat people?”  
Santino had never thought of that. “In time, I’m sure all the pieces to the puzzle will fit. Until then we just have to adjust and move on. We have to make sure we don’t touch anyone, because then they’ll be turned into Phantoms, and their new food source could be your mother, your father, your nieces and nephews. This will turn into an epidemic if we aren’t careful. We have to kill to eat and eat to kill. There is no in between.”  
The room was still as his message sunk in.  
“I want to change the energy in here a bit,” said Santino as he moved around the bunker. “You guys now know my story. What about yours?”  
VIN was the first to speak up. “I work at a warehouse in Midtown. I have a girlfriend, and recently we’ve been having financial issues. I’ve been taking overnight shifts to avoid the tension between us. My mom is retired and lives down south. Also, I’ve always disliked pets, and I have zero offspring. I think that pretty much sums up my life.”  
Santino asked, “Kosner, what about you? I thought I heard you say you were an undercover police officer.”  
“Well, I lied about that.” Kosner shuffled his feet. “I’m a security guard down at Walleygreens, and I live on Sussex Way with a couple of college buddies. I would take you guys by my flat, but I might eat them and their girlfriends.” He smirked and then turned serious again. “My dad is dead, and my mom is basically brain dead, and I work odd jobs trying to keep her in an elderly home. I’m kind of all over the place at the moment trying to make ends meet. This doesn’t help my cause one bit.”  
Santino noticed that Kosner looked sad. He would have to accept things, as Santino had. At least he’d been there to look after them when they had first turned. Santino thought about how he had learned everything on his own. He’d had to fight for his life.  
“It will get better, Kosner, I swear it,” he said.  
“Last but not least, the new girl has the floor,” VIN joked.  
Leon stood up and walked to the middle of the room.  
“My name is Leon Kirkerfield. I plan on going about my life as best as I can. I have a good job. I just made assistant manager two months ago. I have a mother and a father and brothers and sisters who I love very much. I am a family-oriented man and I believe that they will accept me,” Leon spoke loud and proud. “I don’t believe they would disown me, and I have every intention of going back to them and somehow reversing this thing that has happened to me.”  
“Buddy, look at you. You have teeth like a shark, and veins growing out of your face. You eat people for sport,” yelled VIN. “For God’s sake, man, your hair has fallen out in patches all over your head. Do you really think you can go back to your old life as if nothing happened?”  
“There are things called science and hospitals. I know there is some way to reverse whatever it is that I am.” Leon stood his ground and believed in his message. “You can come with me. We can both go to the hospital and get the medical treatment that could turn our lives around.”  
Leon was the kind of guy who looked at his glass as half full. Yes, he was hideous and a monster, but he knew there was always a way around everything. “I haven’t eaten any humans, and I don’t plan on it. That is a choice you all have made, but I just don’t buy it. I believe that with help and support I can go back to my normal life.”  
“This guy is a character,” said Kosner out of the side of his mouth.  
Santino had had enough of this crazy talk. “We have blood on our hands. I can’t just let you go to the hospital and talk to God knows who. You have to understand that you are one of us now.”  
Leon believed Santino when he said he was different. He felt different; he saw how these men looked and knew he must look as they did. But he remembered what they’d done to Mona back at his job. Even though they had given him a way to avoid telling his girlfriend of ten years about his infidelity with Mona, it still wasn’t right to go around killing and eating people. He wanted no part of this group of thugs, and the first chance he got he had plans to tell a police officer about the events of the night.  
“How about this? We take him on a hunting trip with us,” said VIN. “If he passes up meat and is still on this holier-than-thou kick, we let him go.” He stared directly into Leon’s eyes as he talked. “But if you take the bait, which I believe you will, then you will have to forget about hospitals and your old life, and you will have to fully accept your new one.”  
Santino liked VIN’s plan very much. He wanted to add on to it, but then thought better of it. He had to take baby steps with the new guy.  
Leon looked scared and cornered. He didn’t want to associate himself with these people. They were murderers and carnivores who had low morals. However, the door was blocked off, and Leon knew he wouldn’t be able to take all of them at once. He gave in and hoped they kept to their promise about letting him go.  
“Okay, fine. I will do this stupid little test. But I’m telling you now that I am not like you guys. I’m not even hungry, and don’t plan on eating any human flesh. Let’s get this over with.”  
Santino looked at VIN, who looked over to Kosner, and all three of them grinned. They knew this guy was as good as theirs. They all had blood on their hands, and now so would he.  


10.
Eat to Kill  

The four men walked against the dawn’s light. The city of Alexandria was slowly awakening, and with that came the birds chirping, the hustle and bustle, but most importantly, the Phantoms hiding in plain sight.  
“I still say a gym is too risky,” Kosner said. “We’re going to stick out even more. We have on all these clothes, and the other people are going to be in their fitness gear and running shoes, and showing skin.”  
VIN had suggested another gym to the guys because he knew that kind of place would be open early, if not twenty-four hours. “Kosner, you said an all-night café. Everybody knows an all-night café will have cameras, and I for one don’t want to be on camera doing what we do.”  
Santino had a better spot in mind. He wanted an open place, outside where no one would be looking and no cameras were rolling. He wanted a public area that was out of the way but still had traffic flow in the early morning—a common area like a park. He knew there would be people out jogging in groups of twos or maybe even solo. One person was enough to tempt Leon, and that was all it would take to keep him on their side—and quiet.  
“I think we should go down to that park over by Venness Lake. There are a lot of runners and a basketball court,” he suggested. It fit the bill perfectly.  
VIN agreed, and Kosner seemed to stop worrying.  
Leon walked in front of them, as Santino had ordered him to, and was told to keep walking until they said otherwise. He caught some of their words but remained quiet. He hadn’t seen any cops patrolling the area by Trinidad’s gym. In fact they had walked at least three miles and Leon had seen no one that might have been able to help him escape the three men behind him. There’d been a bakery clerk who’d looked out of his shop’s window but had quickly gone back to stacking bagels and croissants. Leon had wanted to scream out to a taxi driver who’d stopped at a red light but then lost his courage because he saw the man was on the phone and wasn’t paying any attention to him.  
Leon was scared of what the others were going to make him do. They didn’t have any weapons to speak of; Leon was so scared of their sheer size and force, he did as he was told. In any other instance he would have told them off, but there were too many of them and not enough of him.  
“So what do you think about this guy? I don’t think he has what it takes to be one of us,” Kosner whispered so Leon couldn’t hear him.  
Santino laughed at him. “If I remember correctly, you were the one screaming and crying your first couple of hours. But seriously, I don’t think he’s as used to the idea as we are, and it’s causing a major problem.”  
“Yeah, he could spill the beans at any moment. I’m sure they’ve found his girl back at that Goodwill,” VIN added. “I just pray they don’t link that death with all those cops we killed back at that apartment complex.”  
Santino knew better. All the cops had to do was identify the most recent deaths and compare the causes and bingo—it was a clear pattern that all the bodies were mutilated and masticated by something. Santino believed that whoever was investigating the deaths would have more trouble trying to figure out what had killed them.  
“Leon, turn right onto MLK Drive, and the park should be on the left,” Santino yelled up to the front.  
Santino felt the stares of the people in cars and on bikes as they passed, and was relieved when he and his group reached the park’s entrance. Tristipher Lee Park was known for its excessive bike tracks and its winding jogging lanes. There were several tennis courts and two grand basketball courts surrounded by bleachers on all sides. The grounds could be reserved for parties, and several charity events were thrown in Tristipher Lee Hall. The park had an indoor swimming pool, a sauna, and a gym. Santino knew all of this because he had spent many summers in the MYO program, which took inner-city kids and introduced them to sports and activities.  
“I thought we came here to hunt, not shoot hoops,” Leon said. “Seems like a good time to play, though. The courts aren’t that crowded.”  
Santino looked at the outdoor court and saw four guys playing a two-on-two game.  
“You seeing what I am seeing?” VIN asked the other two.  
Santino’s stomach growled in response.  
“Remember,” Kosner said, “we eat to kill and kill to eat unless someone wants to Phantom-sit a newborn.”  
“That was a good one, Kosner,” VIN remarked.  
Santino said, “Leon, come with me.”  
Leon slowed his walk and waited for Santino and the others to catch up. He felt his armpits sweating and his heart accelerating. He could smell a scent in the air but couldn’t identify exactly what it was. His eyed lingered on the men on the courts. They didn’t look appetizing to him.  
Santino instructed Kosner and VIN to go around the west bleachers and wait for him. “I need to prep Leon for this one. I think I’m going to have to cut off the pieces and spoon feed him.”  
“When the action happens, we’ll be right there,” VIN assured him. “Do we kill anyone who gets away?”  
“No,” Santino answered. “We won’t be able to keep this secret up for long, especially if Leon isn’t going to work with us. Let them go if they run, all except one. We only need one.”  
“Got it, boss,” Kosner agreed.  
The two men walked off together and headed for the west bleachers to hide out from the sun’s light. Santino turned to Leon and hoped his underling would have enough sense to listen to his body’s needs. Leon had to be hungry, especially with these humans around. Santino could smell them and couldn’t wait to feed. He didn’t understand how Leon could ignore it.  
“Leon, it’s time, my friend.” Santino tried to make his deep voice sound cheery. “I’ll attack, and all you have to do is eat if you want to. If you don’t feel the urge to join in then you don’t have too.”  
Leon nodded in his in agreement.  
“If they try to attack you then you need to avoid them at all cost, otherwise you risk turning them into Phantoms. If you don’t want blood on your hands, do not touch the humans. If you touch them, you must kill them. Understood?”  
Leon put some bravado in his tone. “Yes, I understand.”  
“Follow me.”  
Santino led him down to the courts in broad daylight, feeling sure of himself now. He didn’t want to kill, but he couldn’t repeatedly ignore his body’s needs. He planned to take down the weakest-looking guy he saw. As in the animal kingdom, Santino would spot the easiest prey and feast.  
He came around from the south bleachers and walked onto the courts. He made quick strides over to the guys and didn’t hear the game skip one beat. They were so busy in their competition that they didn’t notice a six-foot-three guy approaching them. Leon was right next to him. Santino could easily catch him if he tried to run off, but he didn’t.  
Santino felt bad for the guy with the Bulldog sweatshirt on. He singled him out because the guy had skinny legs and knock knees; he wouldn’t be able to outrun Santino. He took a deep breath and steadied his hands as he walked directly into the guy’s path, reached for his neck, twisted, and turned. Santino heard the neck pop and the muscles snap. The ball bounced a beat and rolled away. Santino let the man drop under his own weight and then looked at the three remaining guys. They looked shocked and perplexed about what to do.  
Santino felt Leon move a bit, and he grabbed his arm to steady him.  
Two guys lunged at Santino, and the last one tried to pull his friend’s body away as he screamed for help. Santino swerved around the two men and reached the third one, who was trying to steal his food. Santino went for the kill. He had no choice. He shoved his fist into the third guy’s chest and broke through the skin, muscle, and bone to clamp his hand around the guy’s beating heart. He felt the blood squish between his fingers before he pulled the red-hot organ from its owner. Santino heard screams and shouts and saw the other two men running away.  
VIN shot out from the bleachers. At the sight of the blood, his mind went crazy, and he had to have some. But he didn’t want Santino’s kill—he wanted his own. He didn’t want to share his food and wait around for the best parts to be taken.  
He chased after one guy in sweats and caught up to him quickly. He could hear the guy’s lungs heaving in and out as he tried to escape his doom. VIN reached out and snatched the back of the man’s shirt, and pulled him into a bear hug as he bit into the soft neck. The man screamed. VIN saw the fourth guy running, he then looked behind him, stumbled, and got up and ran off at neck-breaking speed.  
“Your buddy left you to die,” VIN said as he chewed a mouthful. “Now you’re all mine.”  
“Drag him behind the bleachers,” Santino yelled to VIN, then picked one of the men off the ground as Kosner pulled the other up from the asphalt. Inside the bleachers everything was cool and dim. The grass had a yellowish color because it didn’t get much sun, and grew red with blood as VIN tore into his kill, oblivious to Kosner, Santino, and Leon.  
“You made it through the blood sport. How do you feel?” Santino asked Leon.  
Leon looked deathly white and damp. The dark veins on his face made him even more grotesque. Out of all of the Phantoms, he looked the worst. He felt so empty and drained. He didn’t know if it was because of the stress or the lack of food, but he felt like hell.  
Santino opened his huge hand and there was the heart, deep red and dripping blood. Leon looked away, but finally realized where that intriguing aroma was coming from. He wanted to cry, to throw something, to tear his clothes off and run away. How could he go on living a regular life if he secretly loved eating people? Just thinking it disgusted him. Still, his head turned back to the heart as if an imaginary string was pulling it. He whimpered in defiance. He was stronger than this, stronger than them. He knew it.  
Kosner patiently waited for Leon to crack like the nut that he was. It was insane of Leon to think he was better than them, that he somehow was special and wouldn’t have to do the same things all the other guys had to do. Kosner came up with a name for Leon while he waited: Looney Leon. He smiled to himself at the thought of it.  
Santino bit into the heart. His hunger took over, and he was done being an instructor for the day. If Leon wanted to resist then he could do so, and leave while he was at it. But Leon didn’t leave, so that meant that he was hungry and was just trying to stall.  
As soon as Santino started chowing down, Leon’s willpower toppled like dominoes. He dragged himself over to the dead body.  
Santino smiled proudly, showing his bloody teeth. “That’s my boy!”  
He told Leon what the best parts were on the body and how to use his nails and teeth to break through the bones. Leon was a natural and quickly took to biting at the ribs.  
“So it’s settled. Leon is a part of the squad, and that’s final.” Kosner clapped his hands and dug into the third guy.  
“Cheers,” screamed VIN with food dangling from his mouth.  




11.
The Blue-Winged Thing  


The first thing Kurma saw when she woke up was the goose bumps that covered her olive skin. The sky was clear, and the air was cold. Her hair had air dried, and her hands and feet were dirty.  
Kurma was naked—had been since she’d transformed back into her original body. She uncurled herself from her little corner by the stone hole in the wall that served as a window. She looked out over the sill and saw the green trees and open space. This place was peaceful, an orb inside of a concrete sphere. She watched as the sun came up over the horizon. The trees lit up and glowed, and the air was crisp and clean in the park. Kurma couldn’t stay there forever, though. She needed clothes, she needed food, and she needed her home.  
“No, get up. Go find some clothes,” she said out loud to herself. She stretched her body and watched as the muscles tightened and loosened. She arched her back and examined her arms. Where had the metal rods gone? Kurma took the steps back down to the stone museum’s main entrance. In the daylight the rocks looked ashy and dry, brittle and crumbly.  
Kurma poked her head out of the entrance. Birds chirped, and she saw squirrels chasing after one another, but no people to speak of. She remembered she had seen some homeless people’s carts last night. She didn’t want to walk around smelling like a bum, but at this point she had no choice.  
She snuck from the stone museum and ran quickly through the bushes, toward the group of makeshifts shacks hidden by pine trees. On the edge of the dirt path stood shelters made of cardboard boxes, pieces of clothes, and discarded baskets and carts. Kurma could see through the bushes that the little community of homeless people were asleep in their crude dwellings. She looked to the first row of shopping carts, where she saw feet sticking out from under covers. She snuck past the feet and looked into the cart, which was brimming with old junk. Kurma, naked and exposed, tried quickly to find anything that could cover her lady parts. She found dirty shirts and an old pair of jeans, three oversized shoes that wouldn’t fit her, and a hat that looked as if someone had thrown up in it. Kurma took the pants and put them on, and covered her chest as she moved to the next shanty. There she found an old bucket beside a couple who were sound asleep, sharing a torn cover. Inside the bucket Kurma found two old sneakers and a plaid shirt that smelled like mildew. She kept going down the row of carts until she had a whole outfit.  
The last shack on the row was the biggest Kurma had seen. It was next to a tree and used its leaves and branches as decorations. Kurma tried to walk around the pine cones without making a sound. She saw two carts full of junk and wished she had come here first. These bums were loaded. Kurma opened the flap around the shopping cart and saw chairs, bags, old utensils, and jackpot—a big, puffy coat, perfect for the nights when she was sleeping outside. She went to dig the jacket out when she heard branches breaking behind her. She froze in place and prayed she wouldn’t turn into a Raptor.  
“Get the hell away from my cart!” screamed a voice.  
A dog barked at Kurma as she turned to face an old woman, fully clothed and holding an old, leather collar that could barely keep the canine in check. The dog was so close to Kurma’s face, she could smell it had eaten human food that morning. She bared her teeth at the beast and felt her hands itching. The dog kept barking, and the women didn’t try to make it stop. Kurma inched away from the cart, but then thought about it. She needed the jacket more than the woman did; clearly she was a bag lady hoarding stuff around with her.  
Kurma snatched the puffy jacket from the cart, and the lady gasped loudly. The leather leash slipped from her hands, and she let her beast of a dog attack Kurma, who turned to run, her feet flying out from under her and her hair flapping in the wind. The dog was close on her heels. Kurma ran here and there as she tried to navigate her way through the park’s dirt roads and cobblestone lanes. The dog kept on chasing her; she was his sport. She was being preyed on and didn’t like the feeling at all.  
When she realized that a dog was the least of her worries, she stopped abruptly, turned, and roared at the pit bull. The dog screeched to a halt, his toenails scratching the pavement. He bared his teeth at her, his hair rising and his tail sticking straight out. Kurma inched nearer and growled deeply. They looked each other dead in the eye. Kurma didn’t back down.  
She heard a whistle far off. The dog heard it too and all of a sudden whimpered and turned around, leaving Kurma and the jacket alone.  
“You’d better run,” Kurma screamed at its tail.  
She walked a few yards and saw the gamekeeper’s lodge. She wanted to watch the news, take a shower, eat some hot food, and put on new clean clothes. But that wasn’t going to happen. Kurma walked out onto the empty streets. Behind her the park was a sea of green, her getaway from all that was wrong. She might even try and camp out a few more times. When night returned so would she, regardless of that crazy bag lady and her dog. Hopefully her spot would remain unoccupied.  
Kurma walked up Vespers Lane and noticed the quiet little bakery and coffee shops. Inside, people were sitting, talking, drinking, oblivious to what she was or what was going on with her. She felt like an outsider all over again, and this time it wasn’t by choice. She had no money, and her debit card was back at her house, so she couldn’t get food. Her ID was at home as well. Kurma thought about waiting for her family to go to school and work so she could sneak into her room and take some possessions without risking questions and harassment, but thought more and realized it was the weekend—there was no school or work.  
As she continued her walk, she tried to keep her head down and keep as close to the buildings as possible. She didn’t want anyone noticing her or mistaking her for a homeless teenager, even though that was what she was. She entered a small, quiet, mom-and-pop café off Griselda Street. She sat down, and a plump waitress came over and immediately filled a cup of coffee for her.  
“What are you having, dear?” the waitress asked.  
Kurma had no money but didn’t think the waitress could know that. “Let me get some eggs and toast.”  
The waitress paused her writing and looked Kurma over, taking in her shabby clothes and disheveled hair. “You paying cash or credit?”  
Kurma looked at her and thought, Free ninety-nine. But instead she said, “I’m paying credit.”  
“Our machine is down, so it’s only cash. There’s an ATM over there, sweetheart,” the waitress said. Kurma gave her a deadly stare, huffed in annoyance, and got up to leave. In her hurry she accidently pushed a young girl who was coming in.  
“Watch it, señorita,” the teenage girl said with an attitude. “There is a thing called excuse me.”  
Before the young redhead could finish, her words became tied up in her throat. Her heart skipped a beat, and she tripped over her own feet.  
Kurma held on to the door as she heard the girl’s voice catch on something. She paused and looked back, her stomach dropping as if she were on a roller coaster. The girl stood in the middle of the café with one of her arms out to brace herself. She stumbled over into a red-leather booth and began hyperventilating.  
“You’re going to have to keep that door closed now. Don’t want the flies coming in,” the waitress said as she moseyed over behind the counter.  
Kurma closed the door and rushed over to the redhead. She looked into the girl’s face and saw the same signs she had experienced when she was turning into a Raptor some hours back. She looked down at her hands and knew she had passed on this curse to the girl. She felt sorry for her, she really did. How was she supposed to know she was contagious?  
“You have to come with me,” Kurma whispered into the girl’s ear. She tried to pull on her arm and was met with a little resistance.  
“We can do this loudly or low key,” said Kurma. The girl started shivering and whimpering. Kurma tried again to move her arm, and the redhead slid across the seats. Kurma wrapped her arm around the girl’s waist and carried her weight.  
“I’m so cold… And my stomach, oh my God.” The girl sounded like she was in agony.  
“Don’t worry, I got you.” Kurma opened the door, and the two girls were out in the crisp day, the redheaded girl dragging her feet, barely able to walk upright.  
“Is she okay?” a stranger asked Kurma.  
“Yeah,” she responded, trying to brush off the concerned woman, who turned to watch as Kurma carried the redhead off around the corner. Kurma hoped the woman wasn’t the nosey type and wouldn’t want to investigate further. She hated such people; they always got in the way instead of being any kind of help.  
Kurma and the girl stumbled into a back alley and hid behind two huge dumpsters. Kurma dropped the redhead in a pile of ripped plastic and dirty palettes. She looked up in between the buildings and didn’t see any windows that would allow someone up high to see her below.  
Kurma looked back down at the new girl. She was really pretty, with pasty, white skin, huge cheekbones, and a widow’s peak that made her resemble an owl. However, her face was turning red, as was her hair. She trembled and screwed her eyes tight. She thrashed about in the junk, and Kurma tried to restrain her as best she could.  
“Make it stop, make it stop,” the girl begged.  
Kurma was helpless. She looked back at the street to see if there was anyone around who might see them. She ducked down next to the girl to shield her from sight.  
“I’m hot. I’m on fire. Please, I’m going to die.”  
“No, I promise you, you are not going to die,” Kurma said, trying to console her. She understood exactly how the new girl felt. Kurma felt as if she were going to die when she changed into a Raptor.  
Kurma watched as the redhead’s body grew in size, as if swollen. It was working so hard to turn from human form into the Raptor form, it doubled in temperature, and Kurma had no cold water to cool off the process. The redhead’s limbs grew grotesquely; some parts thinned out, others grew muscular.  
A noise came from deep in the alley. Kurma looked and saw trash flying in the air. She heard a commotion, as if someone were digging in the garbage, but she couldn’t hear any voices; there must have been only one person. Kurma looked back to see if the redhead had finished the transmutation, but she hadn’t. Her wings had not popped out.  
“Damn,” said Kurma. She rolled the redhead’s body over, then picked her up and tossed her in the dumpster. Kurma hopped in right after. Her body sank deep inside the vile, cold container filled with smells and wet stuff. Bags and bags kept the redhead covered.  
Kurma listened for the lone stranger as he hopped from his dumpster. She heard his footsteps as he hoisted himself up onto another dumpster, the second to last one in the alley. Kurma and the girl were in the last. Hopefully the stranger would hit the jackpot where he was and leave Kurma to her own business.  
The girl gasped as metal rods came from her arm and sliced through the trash. Kurma quickly covered her mouth and strained her ears to listen to the man’s movements. He hadn’t stopped jumping about in the other dumpster. As Kurma waited for the girl to finish changing, she thought about how she was going to get out of this situation. She had touched the girl and somehow passed along whatever she was. Her hands were contagious. The girl would be too. She would have to understand and accept a lot of new information whenever she came out of her change, including that they could have no contact with anyone, ever…no matter how lonely they became…they. Kurma had a companion on this journey. She peered under the trash bags and saw wings poking out, covered in brown-colored skin. The girl’s head rocked back and forth, and she opened her eyes. She tried to sit up, but her body only sank farther.  
“You have to be quiet. Someone is out there,” Kurma whispered to the redhead, signaling up out of the dumpster.  
The girl looked frightened. All her clothes were gone, her shoes halfway hanging off, and her arms felt heavy. She knew she was in a dumpster—the smell and trash bags were a major giveaway. She touched herself and realized she had short, fine hair all over body, and a scaly face.  She was scared and didn’t know who this girl was in front of her. She heard rustling outside, and her body froze, her eyebrows raised like hills. The girl tried to move her body toward the girls but was held in place.  
Usually she was good in these predicaments. She lived on the streets, so she was tough. She was eighteen and had been through more stuff than she liked to admit. Her name was Rimselda, and she was originally from the super-city of Dublin Estates. She had run away when she was twelve from an abusive mother and a drunken father. She’d left her brothers and sisters behind; she was better alone. She could look after and defend herself. It would have been hard to do that if she had to be responsible for three younger siblings. Rimselda knew how to take care of herself, but at the moment, she felt sick—like emergency needs-a-hospital sick.  
Kurma heard the man come closer to the last dumpster. Her hands itched, and she didn’t know what to do. Could she scare him enough to make him run away? Would he tell someone about her? What if he wanted to hurt her and the new girl? He could have been harmless, though, and Kurma didn’t want to hurt anyone if she could avoid it, and she certainly wanted to avoid all human contact if possible.  
The lid of the dumpster opened, and Kurma could have sworn her heartbeat doubled. She heard the man place his feet on the dumpster and waited for him to look inside. Kurma popped up from the trash and yelled. He had a mushed face, with whiskers and furry eyebrows. He sported an ugly beanie on his head and had a prodder in his hand that he swiped at Kurma’s head in shock.  
With her new reflexes, Kurma’s hand went out, and her metal rod struck the bum across his face. He fell back and stumbled across the alley, then ran off screaming, “Help, help, help!”  
Kurma could see blood spots trailing behind him. She panicked. Behind her, the girl struggled to pull herself up. Kurma knew she didn’t have enough time to make a run for it. For all she knew, the bum would run and tell a cop that he’d been attacked in the alley.  
Kurma looked at her own arm and saw her wing had come back. Great, she thought.  
“A little help, please,” said Rimselda.  
“Oh, yeah,” said Kurma, then pulled the girl’s hand, and out she popped—wings, metal rod, and all.  
“Oh my God!” Rimselda nervously laughed and looked at Kurma.  
“We have to get out of here,” Kurma told her.  
“Not the way I’m looking.” Rimselda thought she must have been dreaming. She looked hideous. Why did she have wings? There must have been some kind of mistake. “I legit have wings. I’m not going anywhere with you or anyone else.”  
She poked her head out of the dumpster. No one was around, but still, there must have been cameras or two-way mirrors out there. This wasn’t real. “Do you hear me? I’m not coming out to be someone’s guinea pig!”  
Kurma quickly covered the girl’s mouth. “You’re coming with me whether you like it or not.”  
“Like hell I am.” Rimselda crossed her arms in front of her and felt the metal rods in her arms. “Eeeww, what the hell man?”  
The girl gave Kurma no choice. She head butted the redhead and watched as she fell back in a daze.  
Kurma commanded her own body to transform. She concentrated on her arms and back, as she had done the previous night. She thought about her legs and hands, and made her body break and bend where necessary. Her wings took up the whole dumpster. “I’m going to smell after this.”  
Kurma’s second-hand clothes were stretched to the max and fell away from her body. She felt hot and squished in the little dumpster. She quickly grabbed the new girl and threw her over her shoulder. She braced her hands on the dumpster’s edge and flapped her wings over and over until she felt the air currents surrounding her, lifting her into the air.  
Kurma flapped harder. The redhead was big and tall, and weighed her down. Kurma came out of the dumpster and kicked off with her feet, and gradually achieved elevation. She watched the building windows, praying no one would peek out or pull up their blinds and spot her and the unconscious girl with brown wings. She looked to the ground and saw two figures rounding the alley’s corner—the bum had returned with back up. The two men searched in the garbage, looking for Kurma. They never thought to look up, where she was steadily rising. If they had they would have seen two bodies, four wings, and long, red and brown hair intertwined and swirling in the morning air.  

12.
Rimselda the Rogue  

Rimselda dreamed of Nathanial, her old crush. He was Italian, beautiful, and taken. In her dream she walked around her old block back in Dublin Estates. All the kids were out playing in the narrow streets. She noticed he was on his porch, looking at her as she walked by. She always liked when he did this; it seemed as if he only had eyes for her.  
Rimselda approached his walkway. He came down the steps, smiling his perfect smile. She was so happy; she loved hanging out with him. If she could only tell him that. He came closer, dragging his feet, toying with Rimselda. He was almost there, so close Rimselda could smell the cologne he always wore. She loved his smell. All he had to do was open the fence and then he would be hers.  
As he drew near, his smile faltered. Behind him the front door of the house opened, and a tall grasshopper of a girl stepped out. She was thin and bony, with long hair like a horse. Rimselda watched as Nathanial turned to her. The girl yelled his name out loud.  
No, Rimselda thought, don’t go. But he walked away. Rimselda’s heart ached as she watched him go. The grasshopper girl smiled and laughed, showing big, straight teeth. Nathanial turned to her one last time with a somber face. She reached over the gate for him. He turned away and slammed the door. She fiddled the lock on the gate, and it turned to dust in her hand. She looked back at the house and saw it too was crumbling. She backed away and looked around. All the kids and the old neighborhood were gone. She was on an empty street, a dead end, and there was only silence.  


13.
Redheads Are No Fun  

All she could hear was the wind flapping loudly in her ears. Then she woke out of her sleep. She felt the wind rush her face and her breath catch in her throat. Rimselda looked around and realized she was in the air. She panicked; the sky was too blue up here, the clouds too white. She was too heavy, and she was going to drop to her death. She held on for dear life, and then it dawned on her that she was on something… Something… Someone was holding her in place. She saw legs and claw-like feet. She was upside down, flying along with someone who had wings. Rimselda could hear them beating noisily. What was going on? She tried to right her body, but the creature pushed her back down.  
“What’s going on? How are you flying?” Rimselda asked. “How are you doing this?”  
She felt a drop in altitude and heard a voice yell out, “When I land I’ll tell you everything. Just hold on and don’t move around so much.”  
Rimselda prayed and prayed she wouldn’t slip off. Her red hair flapped in the wind. She could see clouds, and through them what looked like Alexandria. She saw the roofs of the skyscrapers and traffic that moved in a line like a river of silver, flowing around curves and bends.  
About five minutes later, it felt as if all the blood had run away from her face. She felt ice cold since she didn’t have any clothes on. Rimselda wasn’t worried about that; for one she had a great body, and for two her main concern was finding out how and why she was flying around with a person with a pair of powder blue and white wings. Was she in danger? The voice sounded feminine, so maybe she didn’t have to worry about becoming a sex slave, shipped off to some foreign country.  
Her heart palpitated at all the crazy thoughts that flew through her head as she held on, waiting to land.  
The rooftop zoomed in, and Rimselda tried to raise her body back upward so her face wouldn’t be smashed on impact. Before she could brace herself, the stranger with the wings tossed her backward as if she weighed less than nothing. She felt herself being lowered to the ground.  Rimselda’s legs felt wobbly, but there was solid earth beneath her feet. She covered her bare breasts and looked around. She was alone on the roof, and she saw a door leading into the building. She made a dash for it but skidded to a halt.  
A huge shadow moved lazily across the rooftop. Big and dark, it had legs and a head, and two huge wings. Rimselda stood locked in place, and she looked up to see if she was imagining things.  
Low and coasting, nearer and nearer, was what looked to be a girl. Rimselda strained her eyes against the sun. The girl had tan skin and thick, long, brown hair. Her body seemed huge, and her legs were bone thin. She was shaped in the weirdest way. Rimselda had never seen anything like it before. The girl had wings—huge wings that were blue and speckled with white spots. The girl flew closer and closer to Rimselda until her feet skimmed the top of the building.  
Rimselda’s heart stopped. This thing was triple her size and had crazed-looking steel colored eyes. Whatever it was, Rimselda wasn’t going to stick around for it. This was a terrible dream; she just wished she could wake up. She took off toward the door and reached out for the door knob, but was snatched back.  
“Nooooo! Oh my God, help me!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. Rough hands turned her body around forcibly. This was it; she was going to die. Facing her assailant, she caught one glimpse of a shockingly beautiful face before she fainted.  

14.
Two Choices, One Life  

Kurma dragged the naked redhead behind the building’s pipes on the roof. She had nothing to cover her with, and prayed to God that no one would come up there to mess around. It wasn’t safe for the new girl—not until Kurma knew what she was and how to deal with it.  
This was the rooftop of Kurma’s building. After turning the redhead into a Raptor, she knew she needed help. It didn’t matter what people would think of her or how they would treat her when they found out. She couldn’t continue harming other people and ruining lives. If someone had done this to her, she could never forgive them. The unconscious girl who lay naked and hidden didn’t deserve this curse. No one deserved the pain, or the wings, or the fear of exposure.  
Kurma made her way down the stairs and walked to her apartment’s floor. She listened in the stairway for any neighbors and heard plenty of commotion. Mrs. Finnigway was cooking for her husband and five kids—Kurma could smell the oxtails and spinach. She heard the Martinez couple arguing across the hall over who had come in later the day before. She could even hear the people on the floor beneath her.  
Kurma’s apartment was at the other end of the hallway. She would have to get closer if she wanted to eavesdrop, but she was still in her Raptor form. She could walk around either with wings or completely in the nude. She didn’t know which would be worse. Kurma inched her head out of the stairway and saw that the coast was clear, and then stalked silently down the hallway, watching her step as she remembered which parts of the floor would creak under her weight. She neared her apartment, number 153, home sweet home. Kurma stroked the door and pressed her ear to it.  
She wanted to hear her brother’s voice and see her mom smiling. But she couldn’t risk their finding out about her. If they did, they would certainly find out about Santino, and that was whole other can of worms. She feared if she tried to blend in with the family, then out of nowhere she would sprout her wings and talons. She just couldn’t trust herself this early in the game. What if her mother disowned her? What if her brothers were embarrassed by her? But a sister who could fly would be cool. If only they were younger, Kurma thought.  
She picked up voice vibrations in her home and listened intently.  
“Mom’s going to the police to talk to that detective,” said her younger brother, Allie.  
“I don’t trust Carrboro, and neither should she,” replied Inis, her other brother.  
“Did you hear he put out a warrant for Santino?” Allie asked.  
“Supposedly Santino attacked and killed a bunch of police officers. The guy had no choice. I still don’t trust Kurma with him, though.”  
“I say we go look for her and Santino. You know they’re somewhere together.”  
“They need to put the city on lockdown. Kurma is probably in trouble. Who knows what she could be getting into?” said Inis with a worried tone in his voice.  
“If they didn’t put the city on lockdown for those cops then you know they’re not doing it for one little girl.”  
Kurma’s heart was breaking and tearing in two at the sound of her brothers’ voices.  
“Let’s just give her a few more days, until the weekend is over. If she doesn’t show up here or back at school on Monday, then we go to plan B.”  
“What’s plan B?” asked Inis.  
“We get the news involved, make flyers, go to all our old spots and look for her. Whatever we need to do. I’m giving her until Monday, and then it’s an all-out manhunt for Kurma.”  
“What about Santino?”  
“He isn’t our sister. He’s not even related to us. He has his own family and we have ours. Plus, you heard what Carrboro said—he attacked Kurma. Even tried to kill her.”  
“He didn’t say Santino tried to kill Kurma,” said Inis.  
“He might as well have. Did you see our spot when we got in here? Right now I’m just like, Whatever, Santino until our sister shows up.”  
Kurma strained her ears more. The boys had stopped talking. Then she heard it: her mother’s voice.  
“Boys, I’m going down to the police station,” said Fae. “If Kurma shows up, call me immediately.”  
Kurma backed away from the door. The first thing her mom would do when she saw her was give her a big hug and kisses. Kurma could not let that happen. She didn’t want to risk touching her mother and turning her into what she was.  
The stairway door was too far down the hall to make a clean getaway. Kurma heard the chain rattling inside her apartment door. She looked to a nearby window and figured it was her only way out without being seen. She could hear the doorknob twisting as she lifted the window and threw her leg out the window and over the sill. The last thing she heard was her mother saying that she loved the boys.  
Kurma dropped out of the window and felt her stomach drop as well. This time though, she was prepared for the fall. Her wings sprang out painlessly and she halted in midair; she flapped until she reached the rooftop.  
Kurma was confused. She didn’t know what to do, or who to turn to. She knew she could depend on her brothers but didn’t want to put them at risk. Maybe she could let them know she was okay but couldn’t be around anyone for a while. No, they would think she was crazy and demand she come back home. The twins wouldn’t understand that she was now a walking experiment, able to change other people into flying Raptors. If she did tell her brothers, they would have to promise not to tell their mother, which would be hard since Fae was heading out to report Kurma missing.  
If only someone could show Kurma how things worked. All she needed was a manual on how to be a Raptor. She was something, this creature, which she knew nothing about. Why had this happened to her?  
As Kurma walked back across the roof to where she had left the redhead, so many thoughts bounced around in her brain. There were bad things to being a Raptor, and definitely perks to being a Raptor. It seemed as if she was the only one who knew what she was, and knew she could do things other people could not—well, besides Santino. That made her special in a way. Kurma liked that. Anyway, Santino was about to be a wanted man, and he wouldn’t have a say in anything she did. She didn’t need him to be popular anymore. She could be so much more without him. Yes, she would miss him and her family, but what Kurma really wanted was an identity she could shape and form. She didn’t have to be the uptight sister or the overshadowed daughter. She could do whatever she wanted, be whomever she wanted. Popular, special, cool, important, anything she wanted now that she was a Raptor. And Kurma wanted so badly to be something better than her old self.  
Kurma found the redhead and smiled to herself. The girl would be her first guinea pig. She would have to believe everything Kurma said; she would have no choice once she realized she too was a Raptor. Kurma would take out little bits and pieces of the bad parts and add more favorable details.  
Kurma bent down and shook the girl gently. “Wake up,” she whispered. She felt the girl move around a bit and heard her groan. The redhead rolled over and squinted up.  
Kurma stood and smoothed her hair back. She wanted to make a good first impression.  


15.
Lineage  

Both girls crouched naked in front of one another, trying to block out the wind with their bodies.  
Kurma squinted at the redhead with her human eyes. The girl was rather pretty, with freckles, dirt smudges on her narrow nose, and thin, pink lips.  
“What’s your name?” asked Kurma. “I’ve been calling you redhead for about an hour.”  
“Rimselda, but everyone calls me Rimy.”  
“Who is everyone? Do you have a family?”  
“No, not a family. More like distant cousins.” Rimselda laughed uncomfortably. She didn’t have a family anymore since she’d run away from Dublin Estates. The family she had left back in the Estates was worse than her enemies. She had friends, though—friends who had looked out for her and who were probably wondering where she was at the moment.  
“What’s your name?” she asked Kurma.  
“Karmenia, but everyone calls me Kurma for short,” she said softly. “My brothers couldn’t pronounce my name when we were young, and it kind of stuck.” Kurma didn’t want to think about her baby brothers at the moment. “You’re probably wondering why you’re on a high-rise, naked and cold.”  
Rimselda nodded her head and looked lost. She scanned the rooftop and remembered trying to make a run for the door, but then a monster had stopped her. It had talons for hands and a scaly face with a severe nose; its lips were bright orange as if painted on, and there were huge wings. She tried to shake the image off.  
“Well, I don’t know how to tell you this,” Kurma started.  
“Wait.” Rimselda repositioned herself. She felt she would need to be sitting for this.  
Kurma continued. “I think I’m a rare species. In fact I’m the only one of my kind. I’m half human, half Raptor. I can hear things at great distances, I can smell things, I can see faraway objects clearly, and I can fly—probably the most important part of being a Raptor.”  
Rimselda took in everything Kurma said, and it went in one ear and out the other.  
“I’ve done an extraordinary thing for you, though at the moment it may come as a shock. In retrospect I’ve found it can be very lonesome at the top, and by some rare chance I have passed my lineage on to you,” Kurma lied. It hadn’t been by chance that she’d touched Rimselda but by accident; however, she didn’t think Rimselda needed to know that part. “I don’t know you, true, but I will get to know you, and you will get to know me. We can become like a team.” The last part was true: she did want a team, a friend who wouldn’t try to stab her in the back or have her own agenda, like Kurma’s friend Eliza had. The only person who had an agenda here was Kurma, and that was how she liked it.  


16.
Daggers, Scales, Claws, and All  

Rimselda looked at Kurma. She didn’t seem crazy, and didn’t look crazy either. For the most part, Kurma looked sane, healthy, and normal. So why was she was saying such ludicrous things?  
Rimselda had forgotten she was in her birthday suit. She stood up, placed her hands on her tiny hips, and said, “That’s a whole lot of story you got there.”  
“It’s the truth,” Kurma lied again.  
“What was it you’re calling yourself?”  
“A Raptor,” answered Kurma.  
“So you’re telling me you’re human and can change into a Raptor, and that I am now a Raptor too?”  
“Correct,” Kurma said. “You can change into a Raptor on command, or whenever your body feels as if it’s in danger.”  
Rimselda nodded her head in disbelief. “You’re nuts, girl. Straight up walnuts, peanuts—hell, even coconuts.” She danced around in a circle singing.  
Kurma breathed in deeply through her nostrils. “You don’t believe me?”  
Rimselda stopped dancing and said with a straight face, “No.”  
Kurma stood up. “Alright… But you will see that I am telling the truth.”  
She knew this moment had to be perfect. If she wanted her followers to be believers then she had to show and prove. The best way to do that was to turn. “Watch and learn,” she said with a smirk on her face. In an instant she had transformed into her Raptor state—colored fur, claws, shocking gray eyes, and all.  
Rimselda lurched forward and then back away. She felt sick. She couldn’t take her eyes off of Kurma, or the Raptor, or both for that matter.  
Kurma had tripled her normal body size. She looked down at Rimselda, who looked scared yet in awe. Kurma felt as if she had her first admirer. She could only imagine how she looked from Rimselda’s point of view. Probably beautiful and beastly, she thought.  
“Do you believe what I say now?” Kurma asked.  
Rimselda was too afraid even to nod her head in reply. “And you say I’m one of these things too?”  
Rimselda approached Kurma and patted the soft hair on her belly. She tapped her feet against Kurma’s leg and felt rock-hard muscles. She gulped deep. She had never seen anything like this before. Her life was in the dumps—she was homeless, always hungry, and young. It was hard being her, and it had always been that way. Now someone was telling her that maybe she was different. Maybe she didn’t have to be Rimselda anymore, the Rimy who was beaten and abused. The old Rimy with the insecure and malicious mom. The Rimy who had been burned and tortured because she happened to be pretty. Rimy didn’t want that baggage over her head anymore. She had run across the country to get away from it. She wanted this to be real.  
“Show me how,” she declared.  
Kurma smiled. “You need to think about it really hard at first. Think about how your body really isn’t yours, but this other thing.” She looked at Rimselda, who stood there looking helpless. “You already changed, back at the café. Don’t you remember?”  
Rimselda was shocked. The café seemed so long ago. She had gone in to order breakfast with the money she had made panhandling around the corner. The café was her and her friends’ usual hangout in the evenings. Rimselda liked the night shift waitresses, and had only gone into the café early that morning because she was going to meet up with her friend Millie. Then she had totally forgotten about Millie, the breakfast, everything. It seemed to Rimselda that she was in another time zone parallel to that one.  
She racked her brain, thinking back to the morning. She remembered the little café, walking in the door, being pushed by some rude chick, and then her memory went blank.  
Then it hit her. “Oh, you’re that girl! The one who knocked into me and didn’t say excuse me.” Now she remembered. She gave a sweet smile of victory, tapped her head, and beamed.  
“Try to remember the dumpster,” said Kurma.  
“I know I wasn’t in a dumpster.” Rimselda smelled her body. There wasn’t a scent. “I was in a dumpster? What for?”  
Kurma nodded. “I had to put you somewhere when you were going through the changes. Try to think back to when I had us in the air. You still had your wings, I believe.”  
Rimselda stood there, naked with her eyes closed, and tried to conjure up an image of what she would look like if she were a Raptor as Kurma was. Her body temperature rose without her knowing it. Rimselda thought about how she would look if she had wings, scales on her face, long, thin, muscular legs, claws for hands, and a beak of a nose. She imagined herself attractive, no less.  
Kurma watched as Rimselda unknowingly transformed into a Raptor. Coal-colored hair covered her entire body except her face, which was hidden beneath thin scales the color of lilacs. Her lips were ginger, and her nose had become hooked. The hair on Rimselda’s head was as bright as ever, though, red and on fire. Kurma noticed she wasn’t as tall as she had been, but her legs and arms looked thicker. Rimselda’s wings were tucked behind her arms. Kurma couldn’t make out if there was a specific pattern on them, as she had, but she approved of Rimselda’s transformation. The girl looked provocative and exotic.  
“Is anything happening?” Rimselda asked with her eyes shut tightly.  
“If only I had a mirror, Rimy,” Kurma replied, trying to coat her jealousy with excitement. “You look gorge!”  
Rimselda popped her eyes open and looked down at herself. “Get the hell out of here. Look at my feet!”  
She moved about on her thin legs, watching her claw-like toes. “I don’t have any boobs!” Rimselda went to grab her chest, and out sprang her wings, which were attached to her arms. “I think I’m going to be sick. I have skin that’s attached to my arms,” she moaned. “Look at all this hair on my body. When people see me they’re for sure going to die on the spot.”  
“No, they won’t see you,” Kurma said, hoping it would cheer Rimselda up. She wished there had been someone to cheer her up when she’d first turned.  
“How am I supposed to go about my day-to-day activities?” asked Rimselda. “Am I going to become a nighttime creature, like an owl?”  
Kurma laughed at her outlandish questions. “You look beautiful, babes, seriously. And I look just like you. We’re now in this together.”  
“You look better than I do. You don’t look as birdish as I do. Your hair is long and blowy, and your lips look like someone painted them on.” Rimselda couldn’t believe her luck. “Your wings have this pattern thing going on. I’m the one stuck with wings the color of mud.”  
“But that’s not the best part.” Kurma had almost forgotten about her secret weapons.  
“There’s more?” Rimselda hoped it was something better than mud-colored wings. Not that her wings weren’t cool; it was just that compared to Kurma she was definitely lacking.  
“I have these,” Kurma said. Her long, metal daggers lashed out, and she held them out for Rimselda to see. “We both have these.”  
Rimselda’s mouth hung open. She looked at her own arm and couldn’t see any openings for daggers. “Are they in my arms?”  
Kurma thought. “They’re a part of your arm bones, and whenever you want, the bone can split off and become metal daggers.”  
“So how do they come out?”  
Kurma thought for another second. Her daggers had first shown up when Santino had tried to attack her. Every time she felt in trouble, she could also feel her hands itching, as if the daggers were triggered by her anxiety and fear levels. But then again, if she thought hard enough about them coming out then they appeared from her skin without too much difficulty.  
“When you’re in danger they’ll come out for sure. Otherwise you have to think about them coming from your arm. Try to imagine your arm growing another limb.”  
Rimselda concentrated on her arm where her wrist started. She could feel something there. She thought fiercely about the daggers for what it seemed like eternity, but they never sprang.  
“I guess I’m not as good at this as you,” she said.  
That made Kurma smile. She had never really been good at anything either—except this. Now she felt as if she had a head start in a race…and she was destined to win. “Don’t worry. It will get easier.”  
Rimselda looked up at the sky. She wanted to fly, but didn’t want to fail at that too. “You think I could try flying?”  
Kurma wasn’t so sure about the new girl trying to fly so soon. If she couldn’t get her daggers out then who knew if she was even strong enough to fly? Kurma thought about pushing her off the building. Her own wings had naturally taken over when she had fallen from the window, so maybe the same would happen for Rimselda.  
“Maybe we should just walk for a bit.” Kurma couldn’t risk losing a protégé so soon. “We should test out your hearing, smelling… All these things have been intensified since you became a Raptor.”  
“Is that what we’re called?” Rimselda asked. She thought that was a funny-sounding name, but kind of cool in a quirky way.  
“Yes, that’s what I’m calling us.”  
“What kind of things do we eat? Are we nocturnal creatures? Who changed us into these things?” Rimselda shot off questions all at once.  
“I created us!” Kurma yelled, feeling a twinge of annoyance. “There are no scientists, no formula to change us back. We are this, and we will never be regular human beings again. Do you understand that?”  
Rimselda was taken aback. “I was only asking a question.”  
“No, you asked several all at once. Get it right.”  
Whatever, Rimselda thought. “So what do we do now, Captain Kurma?”  
“We need clothes. Can we go to your house?”  
Rimselda hadn’t had a home since her thirteenth birthday. “I’m homeless.”  
Kurma wasn’t surprised. Rimselda seemed to have a displaced vibe. At the café Kurma had wondered why she was even up at that hour and by herself.  
“I live at the old train station, the one down by Snowhill. The big one.”  
“Yeah, I know where that is,” Kurma said.  
"A couple friends and I stay in one of the rooms on the top floor. I think it used to be the head honcho’s office.”  
“I heard there are hundreds of people who stay in that train station.”  
“Yeah, when the rent prices went up, people had to move out. Either it was the places like the train station and old bus terminals or out on the street,” Rimselda said.  
Kurma thought about living in the train station with other people, but worried about contaminating the population. She didn’t know if she wanted that so soon.  
“There’s running water—not the freshest, but it runs. We have this guy who turns it on and off for us whenever the city comes out and shuts us down. It’s a whole community down there. People like us have lived there, undisturbed for the most part, ever since they put up the AirTrains tracks.”  
Rimselda looked at Kurma and wondered what her story was. “You don’t have a family?”  
“I do actually, it’s just… This thing that I am. I don’t want them knowing. I don’t want them looking at me differently or trying to put me in a lab where they do all sorts of experiments on me,” Kurma said softly.  
“They’re your family. I’m sure they would take care of you and accept you for what you are.” Rimselda immediately wished she hadn’t said that. She didn’t know what a family should do or how they should behave. Her family hadn’t been that way, so she didn’t even know where that fantastical statement had come from. She was the last person to speak to when it came to family structure.  
“We can go to the train station. I’ll introduce you to everyone. They can get a feel for you,” Rimselda offered. “But we have to find some clothes first. The station is across the city, you know. And I have to change back to regular. I’m not sure if Alexandria is ready for all of this.” She twirled in a circle and let her wings flap in the wind.  
“Do you think your friends will be freaked out by you?” asked Kurma.  
“We all have our secrets, ya' know. I’m not sure if I want to tell them about me yet. I’m not sure if they’d even believe me. Down at the station, it’s a different world. What you have, someone wants. Bringing you with me is a risk. They might just beat you up, steal the clothes off your back, and send you packing. I mean, I don’t know, it’s a dog-eat-dog world down there.”  
Kurma wasn’t afraid. She may have been a lot of things, but she was not scared of people. She wasn’t worried about being bullied. If anything she would turn Rimselda’s friends into Raptors, and they would be her official lackeys. Her friends would welcome Kurma into their little misfit clique if they knew what was best for them.  
“I might be able to find some clothes in the laundry room in my building,” said Kurma.  
“This is where you live? You actually have a home and a room and a bed. Why are you giving this all up to stay down at that old, raggedy train station?”  
“You know, you ask about a hundred questions,” Kurma joked. “Does your mind always move that fast?”  
“Pretty much.” Rimselda laughed. She had a light voice and a childish giggle. Kurma wondered why she was homeless; she wanted to ask Rimselda about her story but thought better of it. At the moment she didn’t need to hear another sob story. She needed to make moves. Rome wasn’t built in a day, so Kurma didn’t want to rush too much, but she did want to see some major developments.  
If this girl really was a runaway and knew of other runaway teens then Kurma could come into the picture and persuade, coax, lure, entice, or whatever she had to do to get them to think of her as a leader—their leader. Most runaways ran away for a reason. Kurma could only assume they had no guidance or leadership, and no one telling them what to do. At least she hoped they didn’t. She would have problems then.  
Kurma wasn’t schooled in the art of making friends, but she did know how to be an authoritative figure. She had basically raised her twin brothers, since her mother was always running behind her father. She knew how to get someone to do what she wanted and was good at giving out demands and orders. She recognized people’s talents and gifts and knew how to use them to her advantage.  
Being the older sister had always had its perks. She was full of little tricks that could pit one sibling against another. She made up rules that her brothers had to live by; she didn’t see why she shouldn’t make up rules for Rimselda’s friends. If she decided to turn all of the girl’s friends into Raptors then their old lives were over; Kurma would be in control of their new lives, or at least try to be, and guide them as best she could, as she had guided her brothers.   
Kurma made her way toward the door that led into the building from the roof. “Well, come on,” she urged.  
Rimselda quickly followed.  
And so it had begun.  


17.
Snowhill  

Kurma’s OCD was in high gear. Garbage and litter covered the ground as Rimselda led her over the train tracks crossing the old station lot. Month-old newspapers flew in the air, gusted up by the wind; weeds grew in the cracks in the pavement. The parking lot lights had been smashed, and glass was scattered here and there, making walking more difficult.  
“At night, what is this place like?” Kurma asked Rimselda.  
“It’s a war zone. You have to be smart and cunning, and above all lucky. The more people you have, the better your chances are of surviving. In the daytime all is quiet. People are asleep. But in the nighttime…that’s when the Jeers come out.”  
Kurma had never heard of Jeers. “I’m guessing they’re an after-dark posse that preys on the weak, steals, beats up people, and extorts the good folk of the train station.”  
“Don’t be sarcastic. They’re not a joke. The Jeers are the biggest gang at this station. They’re a bunch of punks with weapons. They take your food, make you do things for them, and whatever they want they can get because they have the numbers. If you’re a girl, you try to avoid them. I wouldn’t be caught dead out at night around here,” Rimselda told Kurma. Hopefully she would be smart enough to listen. If Kurma wanted to live this kind of life then she would have to get with the program.  
The girls entered the station. Kurma saw an old sign, half torn down and covered with colorful graffiti. The sign read, “Snowhill Station: our tracks lead to your own path.”  
“So where does this gang live?” asked Kurma.  
Rimselda answered, “They stay right underneath our floor, actually. They have the second level all to themselves. The leader’s younger sister is one of my friends. He lets us stay up there. It’s a smaller room for sure, but it’s better than everywhere else.”  
“The sister, does she run things around here?”  
“No. Whatever her older brother says goes. Our group is made up entirely of girls. His sister, her name is April, is like the jokester out of all of us. He looks out for us a bit, but nothing major.” Rimselda led Kurma down some stairs and under an overhead pass while she explained everything.  
“This here is the quad. On Sundays it’s full of people buying and trading stuff. It’s the main entrance into the station. Once you pass the quad, you come up on the main entrance gates. After ten o’clock, the gates are locked so there isn’t overcrowding in the station. I wish you had a pen and some paper so you could take notes.” She looked back at Kurma, who was taking everything in.  
“Don’t worry. I have everything stored up here.” She tapped her forehead. She didn’t want to freak out, but this place was not her cup of tea. It smelled dirty; it looked dirty, especially in the daytime; and her senses were magnifying everything. She wanted to put on some gloves and give this place a good cleaning. She could only imagine the insects that lived here with these bottom feeders.  
“If you know someone who lives here already and it’s after hours, you’ll need to meet them in the back so they can let you in. But I wouldn’t suggest that, because that’s where the Jeers do most of their work—in the back, in the dark, all night every night. Remember that,” Rimselda continued. “I know you might think you’re a badass with those daggers, but you haven’t met the Jeers. They have daggers, knives, guns, pipes, chains, and rusty razorblades. In the dark everyone looks the same to them, so don’t think just because you’re with our crew they’ll avoid you.”  
“Copy Roger,” Kurma teased. She felt like she was headed to a boot camp for teens. How fun.  
The girls came to a stop abruptly. Inside the train station was dark. Kurma heard murmurs and voices and water dripping, and rats scurrying underground. She smelled piss and feces. She almost gagged from the stench.  
“This is Snowhill.” Rimselda gestured with her arms in a grand motion. “Behind the toll gates are the rest of the population, living in and on the tracks. The bathrooms are regulated down here, and the toll booths have guards on duty 24/7. You have to pay each and every time you leave out of the gates. You cannot leave through the tunnels because they’re occupied by families and housing. There are guards at the end of each tunnel to block the way in and the way out. The back entrance does not have toll booths, but it’s too risky because all the younger boys are back there too, and they’re almost as bad as the Jeers.”  
Kurma tried to cover her nose and take in everything Rimselda was saying. She looked behind her and saw the sun shining outside. Inside, the sun never touched the main gates. Here it was cold and gloomy; she could only imagine living in the dark tunnels with the rest of the people. The stone museum in the park was twenty times better than this place.  
Rimselda waved at the toll booth guard, who wore plain clothes but had a huge gun rested on his shoulder. He had no badge, no uniform, and no hat to identify his role; the gun said it all: “Don’t mess with me.”  
“Is he trained to use that thing?” asked Kurma.  
“No.” Rimselda sneered. “Anyway, up here is where things get better.”  
She directed Kurma up some stairs to the right. “Do not enter” was painted on the stairway wall in bold red. The girls’ footsteps echoed as they climbed to the first level.  
“Here are the Jeers’ security quarters. There’s a back way up to this level and they come that way sometimes, so be careful. There’s only one shower on this floor and two toilets. For some reason the guys like to come on our level and use ours. Do not let them. They’re hound dogs and not to be trusted even if they want you to believe they’re the good guys.”  
Kurma looked down the corridor and nodded her head in agreement. The hallway had big windows on one side and several doors on the other. Everything seemed peaceful up here. The wind had cleared out the stench from downstairs.  
“Follow me,” said Rimselda heading up to the next level. “The Jeers take up the entire building’s span on this level. There are several rooms here, full bathrooms stalls, a kitchen, a sitting area, and the works. No one but the Jeers is allowed on this floor. Even their security has to have permission.”  
Rimselda looked at Kurma to see if she understood this rule. “This is not a game. If a Jeer comes on our level and bothers us, we’re supposed to let them in, but nothing good can come from a Jeer. So we don’t answer and act as if no one is in the room, and they leave us alone for a while.”  
The stairs became narrower as the girls reached the third level.  
“It’s not as grand and as big as the Jeers’, but it’s definitely a place we can call our own,” said Rimselda. “Just for us girls.” She giggled once more.  
Kurma was afraid to see what was behind the metal door. Kurma tried to control her compulsiveness for order. She imagined clothes and shoes and junk covering the floor. She felt her skin crawling at the thought.  
Rimselda rapped twice on the door, skipped a beat, and gave a third knock. Minutes later she heard the familiar bar being pulled back from the door. She had never been happier to see her friends. It had been a crazy morning, and she just wanted to be around some familiar faces. Jackie, who had let her in, stood by the door. Chelsea and Nina, the two younger girls, sat on bean bags in the corner, playing cards. April, who was lying on her stomach on the one bed in the room, looked up in confusion at the new girl. And last there was O’bellaDonna, who was the oldest girl in the group and the most mischievous girl Rimselda knew. She could talk her way out of anything and everything under the sun. She had been sent to boarding school when she was young and was expelled because she had slept with the headmaster. Her parents had disowned her, and in return she had stolen their life savings. She was on the run from the police and liked to hide out in the train station with the girls from time to time.  
Jackie slammed the door shut hard and loud. “Who’s this vagabond you’ve dragged in from the cold?” She had always been one for theatrics.  
“Her name is Kurma,” Rimselda replied.  
“Kurma?” asked Jackie. “What kind of name is that? What are you, some kind of plant?”  
Kurma plastered a fake smile onto her face. She would let Rimselda do the talking for now. She didn’t want to ruffle any feathers…just yet. She silently watched the thick girl in the back of the room from the corner of her eye. She looked like a cat with a mouse in its mouth—up to no good.  
“Kurma is short for Karmenia. But no one ever gets that name right, so it’s Kurma for short.”  
“Well, shouldn’t it be Karma, since it’s spelled with an A?” asked a girl seated on a black bag that resembled a couch.  
“It’s just Kurma.” She didn’t want to get snippy, but what her name was shouldn’t have been an issue. She could be called LavenderRose for all she cared. She just wanted to see who had the most potential to become a Raptor. She crossed out the dingbat on the couch.  
“She’s cool, guys, trust me.” Rimselda tried to cover up Kurma’s curt response with a cheerful tone.  
“Where have you been all morning? Millie came by looking for you,” O’bellaDonna said as she swung her big legs off the ledge of the windowsill. “We were getting worried, Rimy.”  
She sashayed toward the front of the room, taking in Kurma’s clothes and hair. “You clearly aren’t homeless,” she said to everybody in the room. “Your clothes smell clean.” O’bellaDonna sniffed Kurma. “Your hair doesn’t look greasy, your nails aren’t grungy looking, and you aren’t sickly thin.”  
“She’s an intruder!” screamed Nina.  
“Wait guys. Don’t act like this. I said she’s cool,” said Rimselda.  
“Whatever you say doesn’t mean whatever goes,” Jackie said as she crossed her arms in front of her chest. She stood blocking Kurma’s way.  
Kurma had the feeling that the big-hipped girl was the pack’s leader. She wasn’t as tall as Kurma and not as pretty as Rimselda; but she did have an independent feel to her, as if she did what she wanted, the rebel type.    
Rimselda stood in between Jackie and Kurma. Jackie was all talk, and Kurma was the one who had actual weapons; Rimselda hoped it wouldn’t come to blows. She wanted the girls to accept Kurma. If they did then they would accept Rimselda as well even though she wasn’t the old Rimselda they knew and loved.  
“You didn’t answer my question. Where have you been all morning?” asked O’bellaDonna.  
Rimselda rolled her eyes. This was not how she wanted things to go. If she started explaining her story then they would surely jump to conclusions.  
“I was down by the café. I ran into Kurma and totally forgot about meeting Millie. That early in the morning, the mind isn’t all the way there. When I see Millie, I will simply tell her the same thing. By the way, Donna, I’m surprised you’re delivering her messages. When did you two become butt buddies?”  
Nina and Chelsea smirked in unison at O’bellaDonna.  
“Shut up you two!” she screamed, then shrugged her shoulders. “I was just trying to be the bigger person, you know. My main concern was seeing where you were.”  
O’bellaDonna and Millie hated each other. Millie had stayed with the girls for a year. Back then the two girls were going after the same guy at the same time. O’bellaDonna had her bag of tricks and knew ways to make the boy crush happy. Millie, on the other hand, was a professional streetwalker. She bagged the crush and bragged about it every chance she got. After that O’bellaDonna schemed and plotted to set Millie up. Things had never been the same since.  
O’bellaDonna wasn’t the leader of the group; she was simply the oldest and had the most clout and seniority. She used those facts every chance she got. However, the girls always voted whenever they made decisions or argued about something important. April, Jackie, Nina, and Chelsea stuck together like glue because they were the youngest, so that always left O’bellaDonna by herself.  
O’bellaDonna saw Kurma as a way to even the odds. She hated coming in last in anything. She had to be first, the winner, the clear victor. Living with the girls made her feel like an outsider because they always ended up in little duo cliques. She would give the new girl a chance to prove herself; if she didn’t, one of the other two groups would surely pick her up, and the beam would be even more off balance.  
O’bellaDonna stepped in between Rimselda and Kurma. The space was tight; she could almost touch her nose to the new girl’s nose. She smiled her biggest, most charming smile in the girl’s face. “You can call me Donna. Everyone else does. Don’t touch my stuff, don’t eat my food, and don’t call me Bella. Got it?”  
Kurma stepped aside and brushed her hair back. She wasn’t fazed at all. “Perfectly clear, Donna.” She would play nice for a few more minutes. “Can I take a seat, rest my legs for a bit?”  
“Sure, you can sit over here near us,” Chelsea said from the back of the room.  
“Chelsea!” Nina screeched. She knew never to be nice to new girls until they earned their way into the group. Chelsea was clearly clueless. “This seat is actually taken. Jackie, come sit next to me.” She smiled an even phonier smile than Donna had. She had rosy cheeks paired with pearly, white teeth. Nina was the mean girl in the group, but you wouldn’t know unless she wanted you to know, and she wanted Kurma to know she wasn’t welcomed. Kurma would be another mouth to feed, more clothes to steal, less hot water for her, and another girl to look after.  
Jackie followed the sound of Nina’s voice and obediently sat on the other side of the two girls.  
Kurma saw that the girl on the bed hadn’t moved or even once opened her mouth to speak. “Anyone sitting here?” She made her way toward the queen-sized bed.  
The girl swiftly moved to the side, then rolled off the bed and sat next to Jackie. There were four girls sitting on two bean bags, which made for an odd sight.  
Kurma laughed in her head. The girls had no idea she was used to this kind of treatment. She had always been a loner. If the girls had actually been nice to her, she may not have known what to do.  
“Look, let’s cut out all this unnecessary tension.” Rimselda went and sat next to Kurma on the bed. “You don’t know her. I get that. But you don’t have to alienate the girl. I say we vote for her to stay or go.”  
“I vote stay.” O’bellaDonna was the first to speak.  
Kurma was silently surprised. Maybe she had a friend after all in the big-hipped girl called Donna.  
Rimselda raised her hand. “I vote for her to stay as well.”  
“Well I vote for her to get the hell out,” Nina said without raising her hand.  
Chelsea followed right after her.  
“I vote for me to stay,” Kurma said.  
“Newcomers do not get a say in the voting…moron,” Nina said.  
Kurma cut her eyes to the girl. She had a big mouth. Before, Kurma had thought she was a dingbat; now she realized she was just a smart-aleck who had never been slapped for what came out of that mouth. If Kurma couldn’t stay here then she would definitely lay one on this girl before she left.  
The vote came down to one girl.  
April looked at the new girl. She saw a brunette with long, pretty hair and olive, milky skin, pale-orange lips and noticeably thick eyebrows. April had thought O’bellaDonna would not have liked her. The choice would have been clearer if O’bellaDonna had voted against the girl. April didn’t like confrontation one bit, and could see that everyone was waiting on her vote. She thought long and hard. Rimselda had taken a liking to Kurma, Nina disliked everyone but herself, and Chelsea followed behind Nina like a sick puppy. April couldn’t find anything physically wrong with Kurma, so she couldn’t use that as an excuse. She decided to test the girl’s mental capacity. That way it would technically be her wrong answer that made the vote, not April’s.  
“You have to answer one question only,” she said. “If you get the question right then I will vote for you. If you get the question wrong then you’re out on your ass immediately.”  
Nina looked at April and couldn’t believe the balls on the girl. If it had come down to her, the answer still would have been no—instantly. Playing around with trick questions was beneath Nina. She was upfront, blunt, and to the point. Life was too short to waste time.  
“Okay, here goes,” April cleared her throat. She remembered all the dumb jokes her dad used to tell her before the accident happened. She found a suitable one—a silly riddle that could be simple if you knew how to think around the question.  
Kurma mentally prepared herself for the worst. Rimselda had told her that April was supposed to be the funny girl in the group. Kurma hoped the question wouldn’t be some joke that everybody knew except her. That would have been embarrassing.  
April said, “What starts with a T, ends with a T, and is full of T?”  
The room went silent. Nina was stumped; she didn’t even try to figure it out. O’bellaDonna gave it a go but only came up with teat and tight, and neither made any bit of sense. Rimselda had never been any good at riddles. Chelsea raised her hand to have a go at it, but Nina nudged her hard in the ribs.  
“Well, we’re all waiting.” April smiled. The riddle was easy—you just had to go through the entire alphabet to figure it out. It made April miss her dad and his quirky sense of humor.  
Kurma sat on the bed, feeling all eyes on her. She ran through the letters in her head. The end of the alphabet was a no go. The beginning was too obvious.  
“I am a teapot, full of tea!” Kurma was sure of it. She looked at April, who wasn’t smiling anymore.  
“Well, is she right?” asked Nina.  
April looked around the room. “I vote for Kurma to stay.”  
“Awww, come on, man. You can’t be serious. She couldn’t have gotten that right,” screamed Nina, getting up from the beanbag. “You two must be in cahoots. I want a rematch.”  
O’bellaDonna walked away, unmoved by Nina’s antics. Jackie frowned at April and at Kurma. Chelsea set the playing cards on the ground and followed Nina as she stomped her feet and yelled loud enough for everyone to hear. Rimselda looked at Kurma and gave her an approving smile.  
Kurma sat there and beamed. She was victorious. That was too easy, she thought. She had won her away into a group of girls who could be turned into Raptors—her Raptors. One leap for Kurma and a hundred leaps for her plan.  


18.
C.O.N.J.A.R  

O’bellaDonna would leave every night and go off to see her lover, and then return in the morning. April left during the day and night to patrol the outer banks of the station. She was paid with food and security that she offered to the group. Jackie was there in the mornings and afternoons, but once the night fell she would disappear, telling no one when she would be back. She was a car thief who worked for a shady, black-market dealer.  
Rimselda was a panhandler who made signs in three languages to ask for money. She would bring home breakfast or trinkets she picked up off the streets. She stayed gone for most of the afternoon and night, leaving Kurma with only Nina and Chelsea. The two girls would strike up a conversation between themselves every time Kurma had tried to start one with them, excluding her every chance they could. Kurma was beginning to go stir crazy.  
As the days wore on, she became hungrier and hungrier. Rimselda felt it as well. The two girls would sit together and whisper their fears to one another. Kurma told Rimselda she had no idea what to eat, and she had been hungry since the beginning of being Raptored. The girls ate the food that was given to them but then went off to the restroom and threw it all up. It seemed that human food would not stay down. Rimselda told Kurma they would have to reveal their secret. She felt nervous every time one of the girls offered them food. Sometimes Rimselda would throw up in her mouth as she tried to swallow the food down. She couldn’t bear to eat it. The girls started noticing that their skin looked saggy and yellow; their hair was becoming stringy and dull, and they were losing weight rapidly.  
Rimselda confided in Kurma about what she thought they needed to eat one night as the two girls snuck off to the stone museum in Dover Park Square. The moon lit the girls’ paths as they walked through the park. Kurma had grown to like Rimselda. She was nice and simple, and didn’t ignore her as the other flat mates did.  
Rimselda was nervous about talking to Kurma. She didn’t know how Kurma would take her revelation. “Kurma, I think I know why we can’t keep our food down,” she whispered. The night was filled with sounds of the park. Still Rimselda whispered so even the trees wouldn’t hear.  
Kurma’s ears perked up. “What do you think it is?” she asked.  
“The other day I was sitting on the ground with my bucket in front of me, and I was so hungry. This guy came by and dropped a sandwich in instead of money. I could have stabbed his eye out for it. I tossed the sandwich away, but then I noticed a bug was crawling on it—eating it, I guess. My hands, without thinking, mind you, reached out and snatched the bug. I put it in my mouth before I knew what I was doing!”  
“No!” mouthed Kurma.  
“Yes, and you know what? It wasn’t half as bad as I’d thought it would be.”  
“Isn’t that what birds do? Eat bugs?” asked Kurma.  
Rimselda shrugged her shoulders. She thought Kurma would know more than she did. “So, if I were to dig in the ground and pull out a worm, I could eat it without barfing?”  
“I believe so.”  
Kurma stopped walking and let Rimselda’s words sink in. She bent down and felt the earth beneath her hands. She clawed at the ground, looking for a worm. She felt the cold dirt, but no worms. She stood up and looked at Rimselda.  
“There might be some insects in the stone museum,” said Kurma. “I hope you aren’t right about this.”  
Rimselda hoped too.  

*  
The girls came upon the stone museum’s entrance and stripped off their clothes. This place had become their lair where they could transform whenever they wanted to. It was cold inside until they Raptored and fully transformed. It wasn’t the open sky, but at least the girls could spread their wings and fly up and down the corridors out of sight.  
Kurma and Rimselda took turns changing one piece at a time, training their brains to change their bodies on command. Rimselda had caught up to Kurma and could keep one arm human and the other arm winged if she wanted to, but Kurma was still ahead when it came to her metal daggers. They were twice as long as Rimselda’s and thicker.  
With her night vision, Kurma spotted a big, reflective bug crawling along the wall and it freaked her out at first, until her stomach growled. She picked it up, then looked at Rimselda, who was fully transformed, her red hair lighting the room. Rimselda nodded and watched as Kurma closed her eyes and popped the bug in her mouth. Kurma grimaced and chewed. Surprisingly the bug tasted salty and crunchy, like she was eating a whole sunflower seed, shell and all.  
Kurma smacked her lips together and laughed at her fear. “I thought it would taste worse than that. But seriously, that little bug isn’t going to sustain me for long.”  
“I can’t imagine looking for insects all day to survive,” Rimselda said. When she had learned she was a Raptor, she had naïvely assumed her life would be better. In reality nothing had changed. She was still out begging every day, still sharing beds with her flat mates. Now she would have to eat bugs to survive. She was beginning to regret ever bumping into Kurma.  
“There’s got to be another kind of nourishment that will sustain our bodies,” Kurma thought out loud.    
“I think we need to tell the roommates,” Rimselda said.  
Kurma didn’t like that idea because they would all probably want to be like her, and she didn’t like them enough to make them into Raptors. There was one or two she might consider, but that was it.  
Regardless, Rimselda had made her mind up about spilling the beans. She was tired of avoiding everyone and sitting far away so she wouldn’t touch any of them. She was tired of keeping the secret, and her starvation was distorting her mind. Even if Kurma said no, she would still tell the girls.  
Kurma could tell Rimselda had made her mind up without her. There was no point trying to argue about it. At the moment she had nowhere to go, and it would be to her advantage to keep Rimselda happy. If she wanted to tell the girls then so be it. As long as she didn’t change them into Raptors, Kurma couldn’t be too upset. She would determine when and if that would happen—not Rimselda.  





19.
The Simplest Touch  


Rimselda and Kurma made their way back to the train station as quickly as possible. Rimselda wanted to catch the girls before everyone went off on their nighttime escapades. The two ascended the stairs and did the customary knock.  
The room was lit dimly by candles, and all the girls moved about, preparing themselves to go out into the world. Rimselda tried to decide who she wanted to confide in first. O’bellaDonna would want to be a Raptor herself, and Rimselda didn’t feel like competing with her and Kurma at the same time. Jackie would immediately tell Nina, who would demand that Rimselda prove it, so that plan was out. Chelsea was too far up Nina’s butt even to care what was going on with Rimselda, so she wasn’t trustworthy either.  
The only person she could remotely trust was April. However, April was extremely loyal to her brother, the leader of the Jeers, and Rimselda didn’t know if April would go and tell him. She couldn’t see why April would tell anyone, but she just didn’t want to risk too much information leaking out, besides; there wasn’t anyone else that Rimselda felt would understand the situation.  
She signaled to April, who was seconds from heading out to her nighttime guard post. “April babes, can I talk to you real quick?”  
April slung her rifle off of her shoulder and smiled at Rimselda. “Sure, hon,” she said as she approached. “Where have you two been?”  
Kurma looked at the two as she sat down on the sofa. “Just out catching some breeze.”  
Rimselda caught the joke and smiled. She was kind of nervous, but glad that Kurma didn’t seem too mad at her.  
Rimselda and April walked into the small kitchen, and Rimselda pulled the thin blinds that hung in the doorway closed. The two girls stood facing one another… one calm, the other not so much.  
“I know it’s probably awkward that I want to talk to you,” Rimselda started.  
“No, Rimy, it’s all cool,” said April. “You know you can always come to me about anything.”  
Rimselda let out a gush of air. “Thanks, April. That means so much to me.” She smiled and relaxed a bit. “You’ve probably been wondering how I met Kurma and why me and her have been on some best-friends stuff lately.”  
“If you’re gay, I totally understand!” April said.  
“Nooooo, I’m not into girls,” Rimselda whined. “You’ll never believe this, but…” She caught her breath and almost choked on her words. “Kurma is not a human, as you guys are. She’s a Raptor, and so am I.”  
April’s head tilted, thinking she hadn’t heard Rimselda right.  
“Raptors can change into these birdlike creatures, you know, and we can fly and all sorts of stuff,” Rimselda went on, rushing her words. “I can literally morph into it right now and fly away. It’s so awesome.”  
April had heard her right—something about a Raptor and having wings and flying. But at the moment, Rimselda looked just like Rimselda, so it was hard for April to believe. “What I’m hearing is that you and Kurma, a stranger you dragged in here, are both mysterious creatures called Raptors, who apparently can fly.” April’s facial expression was priceless. Her eyebrows were extremely high, her mouth was open, and the bridge of her nose was wrinkled up. “Prove it, then. Let me see your little wings.”  
Rimselda was surprised by April’s hostility. She had always seemed so nonchalant and cool about everything. Rimselda wondered if April was jealous of her and Kurma’s relationship. She hated being called a liar, or people insinuating that she wasn’t being honest. Her mother had a bad habit of that, and Rimselda always had to prove herself.  
She put on her poker face and thrust out her arm. She concentrated on changing it into her wing. Slowly the skin formed and the wing emerged, brown and big, hanging limply as Rimselda bent her arm into her body. The kitchen wasn’t big enough for the wing to expand fully.  
April’s mouth hung open again, and she had a look of sheer stupidity on her tanned face. “Are you for real?”  
Before Rimselda had the chance to change her arm back, April lunged out and grabbed her hand to get a better view of the wing.  
“No, don’t!” screamed Rimselda. She snatched her hand back with sudden force. She had touched April; now she too would turn into a Raptor. Rimselda was scared, and worried about what Kurma would do. Kurma had told her not to touch anyone, and here she had. She never listened—that was why her mom didn’t like her. She was always messing things up.  
Rimselda screamed for Kurma and fell to the floor. April looked frightened and backed away, and ran from the kitchen.  
Kurma showed up seconds later. “What happened?”  
Rimselda cried out, “I touched her, Kurma! Even though you told me not to, I did it anyway by accident. What are we going to do?”  
Kurma had never been so disappointed in her entire life. All her plans were about to be ruined. She was so angry at Rimselda she almost reached out to slap her in the face. But she saw how devastated Rimselda was; she looked so tiny crouched there on the floor, and childlike with her red, fiery hair and pasty skin.  
Kurma reached down and roughly picked Rimselda up. She had no words for her. She simply propped her up like a rag doll and tried to think of a plan. Kurma heard noises out in the living room area. They got louder and louder until there was a full shout.  
“Rimselda!”  
Kurma would have to stand her ground and defend the two of them. She looked around for some oven mitts to protect Rimselda’s hands.  
“Quickly, put these on,” she instructed.  
“Rimselda, April told us what you two freaks are!” Nina screamed.  
“April can suck it, I swear,” Rimselda said to Kurma.  
Kurma chuckled. At least Rimselda knew April wasn’t the friend she pretended to be. Friends don’t run and tell. Kurma would deal with April later.  
O’bellaDonna pulled the blinds back from the kitchen entrance way. She stood there looking massive, and almost head to head with Kurma, who blocked Rimselda from Donna’s sight. “Your beef is with me, not her.”  
O’bellaDonna inspected Kurma up and down. The girl was taller than she was. She could either jump Kurma with her friends and throw her out, or hear her out and get to the bottom of this. It was four against two, but seeing that April had told her Rimselda wasn’t human, O’bellaDonna had to think smart.  
“What are you exactly?” she asked.  
Kurma felt her body tingling. She tried to remain calm just in case she didn’t have to hurt any of the girls. “I am a Raptor.” She played her cards and put them out for show. “You can be like me if you want. How is April holding up out there? Is she changing yet?  
O’bellaDonna paused and looked back into the living area, where April was crouching behind Nina. She looked fine. “She’s good. What does it have to do with you?”  
Kurma was confused. As soon as she’d touched Rimselda, the girl had immediately felt the effects of changing. So why, even though Rimselda had touched April, was nothing happening? Maybe…  
“Of course,” Kurma yelled out. Only she had the ability to change another person into a Raptor. She giggled to herself at the odds of that. She really would be in control.  
“What’s so funny? I asked you a question!” screamed O’bellaDonna. She’d had enough of the new girl. She reached out to pull Kurma by her hair, but was caught by a right hook. She stumbled back and tried to defend herself with nails and teeth. Rimselda tried to intervene, but Kurma pushed her away. She knew there was no better time than now to change O’bellaDonna, before all the other girls tried to jump in.  
“Help,” O’bellaDonna pleaded. But it was too late. She felt Kurma’s hands all over her face, smashing her head backward against the wall. She had her hands in Kurma’s hair, tugging as hard as she could, but then her oxygen was cut off. She couldn’t breathe. She tried to call for help, but her voice was stuck in her throat. The last thing she thought was that she had never lost a fight in her life. Who was this Kurma girl?  
Nina and the others saw O’bellaDonna fighting and went running in. Nina saw her friend go down hard as she entered the kitchen. Rimselda looked guilty, and Kurma looked smug. She was so tired of this bitch, and she couldn’t stand it any longer. Nina let out a shrill, angry scream as she tried to get to Kurma. She would kick the new girl out if it was the last thing she did. She lunged with both arms out  
Kurma could see this one coming. She didn’t want Nina as a Raptor. If anything, after she turned all the other girls, she would leave Nina out just to spite her even more. Kurma picked one of her long legs up and kangaroo kicked Nina in the gut as she came barreling at Kurma like a banshee. Nina flew back and knocked April aside as she fell into the coffee table; she hit it so hard her head bounced, and she lay still. Kurma picked April up off the floor and pulled her long sleeve back, and placed a bare hand on her freckled arm.  
“There you go,” Kurma said, then dropped April on the floor as the convulsions began. “Your turn, my little Chelsea.”  
Chelsea screamed her head off. She was shorter and more petite than Kurma; there was no way she could take her down by herself. “Nina!” she screamed, watching Kurma as she stalked toward her. Chelsea found the nearest object she could hold—a massive high heel with spikes on the front. If she had to, she would beat the crap out of Kurma. “Don’t get any closer.”  
“I’ll need you to be more assertive and independent when I turn you,” Kurma teased. “None of this whiny stuff you do.”  
“I swear, I will knock your head clean off!”  
“Yeah, babes, kind of like that!” yelled Kurma. She chased after Chelsea, who tripped over all the clutter in the room. Thank God the girls never cleaned.  
Kurma caught up to her and grabbed her by the hair. “Ssssshhh. It won’t hurt a bit.” She wrapped her hands around Chelsea’s neck; the blood rushed in Chelsea’s skin, and her heart raced.  
Chelsea cried out and then blacked out.  
Rimselda poked her head out of the kitchen and was afraid of what she saw. All her friends were on the floor. She didn’t know if they were dead or transmuting. What had she done?  


20.
The Spawns of BlueK  

O’bellaDonna was the first to wake. She felt like she had been hit with a ton of bricks. Her arms, her legs, and most of all her head throbbed. She sat up in a daze and looked around.  
She lay in a line with her flat mates—all except Nina, who was by the table. What was the meaning of this? All she remembered was confronting Kurma and nothing else after. Her clothes were torn half off her body, and everything seemed to be stretched out as if she had grown several inches.  
April sensed O’bellaDonna moving next to her. She was so scared that she played dead, making her body as still as she could. She remembered everything: Rimselda telling her that horrible story, and Kurma attacking her, and she even remembered how she’d felt when she’d begun to change. She’d tried everything to stop it from happening. What would her brother think? He would abandon her just like their family had abandoned them.  
Jackie groaned and ached. She tried to roll over and get up from the floor, but her arms and hands would not work. “What the hell?” she mumbled. Her legs felt like jelly. Why was she on the floor? What had happened?  
She tried again to press her arms against the ground and almost lost her mind at what she saw: her arms were not working because they were no longer arms but wings! She screamed so loudly she scared even herself. She looked down at her body and saw it was completely deformed and hideous. She had wings the color of pears, big and heavy and real. Her body was covered with smooth, short, deep-purple hair. She had never seen anything like it.  
Chelsea was the last to awake. She heard screaming, and she opened her eyes. Her vision was funny, though; everything seemed to be in black and white. Had she gone color-blind? She instantly became nervous. She blinked once, twice, three times, and still her vision was gray. She grabbed at her eyes and rolled over, clambered onto her knees, dragged herself to the nearest chair, and pulled her body up. Her heart was racing; she could hear its beat in her ears. She took in the whole room from where she was sitting and saw Kurma was still there; Rimselda, who had betrayed them all, stood right next to her. But Chelsea’s vision must have been even worse than she thought, because the two girls were in some animal form. What were those wings and hair and metal daggers?  
Kurma looked at Rimselda, who had calmed down after all of the events of the night. Rimselda had messed up her plan to select the individuals she wanted; however, she had helped Kurma tenfold by revealing that Kurma was the only one who could change another person into a Raptor. Kurma couldn’t be too angry at her since things still had panned out her way. She now had five Raptors, one of whom was already as advanced as she was. She also had access to a living arrangement where she could come and go as she pleased. And she had successfully avoided touching Nina. That girl would never become a Raptor if Kurma had anything to do with it. She hoped Nina would somehow run into Santino and be done away with. That was kind of mean, but Nina deserved it.  
Kurma had placed all her newborns in a row so they would see what she was and what they were about to be. She purposefully changed into her Raptor state so the girls would not doubt her as Rimselda had. Rimselda stood next to her, glowing with her red hair. She was to be Kurma’s second in command. If the girls didn’t believe Kurma then they would have to believe Rimselda.  
Kurma wasn’t worried about any one leaving or going against her. She had a feeling that even though at the moment she seemed like the bad guy, the girls would come around and treat her with the respect she deserved. Rimselda had done alright by her; Kurma believed the other girls would fall in line as she had…or else.  
Kurma clapped her hands loudly. The sound echoed off the walls and vibrated her ear drums. She looked at her massive hands and was pleased with herself. She really had become content with being a Raptor.  
“Ladies, if I can have your attention,” said Kurma. She waited for the others to situate themselves. Chelsea was already seated. Jackie was trying to cover her Raptor body with her wings. April eyes were rimmed with red, and she simply lay on the floor. O’bellaDonna shuffled to the bed, holding her back like an old granny.  
“What have you done?” she screamed.  
Kurma held her hand up to stop the talking. “If you give me a chance to explain, I’m sure an understanding will be reached.”  
“Hear her out,” Rimselda said. She looked at Kurma and gave her tiny smile.  
“Thank you, Rimy. I want to get straight to business. You have all been turned into Raptors, as I am. Everyone except Nina.” Kurma waved over to her. She still lay still.  
O’bellaDonna looked at Jackie, who was clearly birdlike, with wings and hair and even freakier eyes that seemed to glow bright. “I’m like you?” she asked Kurma, bewildered.  
“Yes. We’re all Raptors. Nothing has to change if you don’t want it to. We can still stay here and go about our normal lives.”  
“How so? I’m a freaking bird, you bitch! Don’t play with me right now!” screamed Jackie. “I want to turn back to normal!”  
“You can,” Kurma said. “We have the ability to turn back into our normal sizes, with our regular faces and hair. Our bodies can morph back and forth. I can teach you how if you let me.”  
Chelsea didn’t trust Kurma, but she looked like Rimselda, who looked like Jackie. If what she was saying was true, then they needed her. “So what can a Raptor do? What makes you two—well, the three of you so special?” She looked at Jackie and mouthed “sorry” to her.  
Kurma spread her powder-blue spotted wings full for the room to see. “Clearly we can fly,” she said. “But that’s not all. We have magnified vision, better hearing, and better smelling abilities. We can command our bodies to morph only single parts if necessary. For example you can be in your human shape and still see out of your Raptor eyes. There are numerous advantages to being a Raptor.”  
O’bellaDonna said, “That’s all good and fine, but you didn’t have our permission to turn us!”  
“No one had my permission to turn me, but here I am, and here we are.” Kurma felt the need to defend herself, but then thought better of it. They wouldn’t all follow her if she didn’t seem sorry for what she’d done. She wasn’t sorry, but she could at least pretend to be. There was, after all, a time to be stubborn and severe and a time to be sympathetic. She chose the latter.  
“Look, I’m sorry I attacked you, Donna. Chelsea, I hope you can forgive me as well for scaring you.” Kurma directed her apologies to the girls who were talking the most. April seemed to be in shock, so she’d get to her later. But Jackie was already hers—Kurma could feel it.  
“Jackie, how does it feel to be a Raptor?”  
Jackie wasn’t quick to respond. She looked down at her body and nervously laughed. She was bigger than she remembered. She didn’t know if being a Raptor caused her to grow or not, but she had never been this tall. Her pelt color was beautiful, with swirls of deep forest greens and lime-yellows in its pattern. She stroked the hair on her stomach and felt how soft it was. She giggled at her hands, too, which were thin and freakishly long. She brought them to her face and noticed the claws that used to be her nails.  
“I look so sick,” she squealed. She bet she looked cool, like a woman in a comic book. “In a good way, though.”  
Rimselda and Kurma looked at each other and nodded. Rimselda then looked at April and worried for her friend. “April, how are you, hon?”  
April cringed. She didn’t want to talk back. She just wanted her brother to find her and rescue her from this nightmare. She saw her gun across the room where she had set it down before she’d gone into the kitchen with Rimselda. If only she could reach it, then she might be able to get out of there alive. She would run and tell her brother, who would handle Kurma and the rest of these traitors who were so quick to accept Kurma’s little gift.  
“Don’t talk to me,” she spat at Rimselda. She dragged her body to the nearest corner and pulled her knees up to her face, and hid away as best she could.  
“April, don’t be that way,” O’bellaDonna said. “Everything will be alright, I promise.”  
“How can you promise me anything?” April shot back.  
O’bellaDonna was silent. The room was too, and the tension thickened.  
Nina came to and rubbed the back of her head. That witch Kurma had kicked her into the coffee table. Nina would deal with that; she felt around on the floor, searching for the nearest weapon. She noticed a strange, clawed foot by her face and followed it up a thin, creepy-looking leg, which turned into a body with wings and arms. The body belonged to her old friend Jackie, but with a scaled face.  
Nina jerked backward and yelled, “What have they done to you?”  
“Nina!” screamed April. Her friend had finally woken up, and she needed some backup. “Help me, Nina. They’ve turned me into them.” She ran over to Nina, who looked as if she had seen a ghost.  
“Do I look that bad, guys?” asked Jackie.  
“You look splendid, babes,” Kurma said. She wasn’t lying, either.  
“Stay away from me,” Nina screamed, putting up her hands as April ran her way. “Whatever she gave you guys, I don’t want it.” She saw what Kurma had done to Jackie; she could only imagine the other girls.  
“Nina, I’m your friend. I met you before all of these girls. I brought you in,” April pleaded. “I’m not like them. Trust me. I’m scared, Nina.” She began to cry.  
Nina had no tears for any of these girls. If they wanted Kurma so badly, they could have her. “I said stay back, you brute!” She picked up April’s gun from the floor and aimed for the girls. “Anybody comes near me; I put a bullet through their head. Let’s see if you like that!”  
Kurma took this opportunity to sway April to her side—the good side. “You see, April? She isn’t one of us.”  
“Neither am I,” April yelled through snot and tears.  
“But you are, hon, you are. So is O’bellaDonna, Jackie, Chelsea, Rimselda, and I am,” said Kurma in a soft voice. She opened her arms to April. “We’re a set now, and we have to stick together. There will be a lot of people who see us as Nina does and who will want to hurt us. I don’t want anyone to hurt you. If they hurt you then they hurt me.”  
April was lost, but Kurma’s arms did look inviting. She just wanted to close her eyes and sleep. She walked over to Kurma and let her hug her worries away. Chelsea came over and rubbed April’s back, and she instantly felt better.  
“Do you think I care? I don’t!” Nina held her ground.  
O’bellaDonna hopped off the bed and went to sit next to Rimselda. She would watch out for Kurma, but she still had Rimselda, Jackie, and April to look after.  
“You know, I was thinking,” Kurma said. “We should get new wardrobes for our new endeavor together. No more of this shabby stuff.”  
Rimselda had been wearing the same clothes for almost three months now. “You’re absolutely right, Kurma. We need new clothes, new hair, new everything. We deserve it.” She showed her dazzling smile. Rimselda was ready for some action.  
“Where do you think we’ll get the money for all this new stuff?” asked O’bellaDonna. She seemed to be the only rational person at the moment.  
“Let’s not worry about that right now. We all have our little talents, don’t we? So I’m sure we can manage something.”  
O’bellaDonna didn’t want to smile, but she knew what Kurma was talking about and didn’t mind the thought of hoodwinking her way to a new wardrobe at all.  
“Plus,” Kurma said, “We need to give Nina some time to think.”  
“I don’t need time to pull this trigger.” Nina cocked the gun. She was dead serious.  
Kurma morphed back into her human body and found her clothes. The girls looked amazed and dumbstruck.  
“Let’s give her space, girls.” Kurma laughed. The clique followed her toward the door. Rimselda was second, as she should have been.  
“Don’t come back, or else you die!” Nina shouted at the girls’ backs.  
Kurma sneered at the thought of Nina with the gun. She dressed quickly before she headed out. She would come back alright, just for that gun, and it would be best if Nina wasn't there when she did.  


21.
Skid Row  

The girls got past the evening guards easily enough. There seemed to be an uneasy truce since Kurma had shown Jackie how to transmute back into her old body. They headed up to Skid Row, where the retail was high-end, and the restaurants were all four and five-star.  
Kurma didn’t have a penny to her name. She couldn’t pop into a bank and take out cash either, because then she would be in the system. She knew her family was still looking for her, and she wanted to keep it that way. Kurma didn’t need money for Skid Row, though. Chelsea, who just so happened to be a kleptomaniac, was happy to boost anything for the girls just as long as the items could fit in bags; then O’bellaDonna would distract whichever sales clerk came their way. She had been trained in the con in prep school, by her mentor—an elderly custodian lady who liked other’s people’s identities. Jackie, a masterful car thief, stole a beat-up, black SUV, and the girls were off shopping.  
“Turn on the radio, Jackie,” April said from the back seat. Her nerves were still shot, and she worried about who was going to fill in at her guard post. She hadn’t reported in like she was supposed to, and she knew her brother would find out. “I haven’t heard the radio in so long.”  
Music filled the car, and the girls all seemed to be in their own worlds for the moment. The groups were clearly set: Jackie and O’bellaDonna were in the front, since they were the oldest. Kurma and Rimselda sat in the middle seat, and Chelsea and April—the two most hesitant ones in the group—were in the back.  
The SUV pulled onto Skiddish Boulevard, better known as Skid Row, and the girls looked out onto the busy street lined with restaurants, boutiques, shoe stores, a movie theater, two malls, motor dealerships, condos, and endless stores. Jackie parked the SUV and the girls jetted from the vehicle.  
“Where should we go first? Food or shoes?” asked Rimselda.  
“Shoes!” all the girls said in unison. They laughed together and crossed the street. Men and boys alike cat-called the girls as they made their way to Rueben’s, one of the biggest shoe warehouses on the east coast. Kurma kept her head down and ignored the men.  
The store was brightly lit and filled with women, mannequins, and boxes of shoes. The girls scattered out in a dash.  
“Let’s meet back outside in thirty,” Kurma screamed to the backs of the girls’ heads, then directed her attention to a pair of black boots displayed in the front of the store. They were shiny and sequined, with platform heels, and laced up to the calf. Kurma quickly undid her old sneakers and tried them on. She didn’t know if she should stick to something comfortable or go for fashionable.  
She was prancing in front of the mirror with the boots on when a flash of color caught her eye. Kurma turned around and saw a pair of blue-leather gloves with white and black diamonds on them. They sparkled on the mannequin’s hands. The sensor that was laced through them stopped Kurma—she would need assistance from one of the clerks if she wanted to try them on. She glanced around and saw that the coast was clear. Her right-arm dagger cut through her skin, and she quickly sliced through the device, grabbed the gloves, and walked out of Rueben’s, platform boots and all. It was exhilarating.  
Kurma looked behind her and saw the security guards still standing on either side of the door, oblivious. She put her nose to the gloves. They smelled new and earthy. She checked the price tag and couldn’t believe they cost five hundred dollars. She slipped them on and smiled. Gloves were the best accessory to have since she couldn’t touch people, not to mention that they were in season and to die for.  
Chelsea and Jackie came next, practically skipping across the lawn where Kurma was waiting. They had scarves wrapped around their necks and new shoes on their feet. Rimselda and April both had huge purses they said were for the next stores they went shopping in. Kurma knew what that meant.  
O’bellaDonna glided out of Rueben’s last. She carried shopping bags as if she had actually purchased something. She wore shades and a new hat as well. She smiled as she approached the girls.  
“So, the security guard. Not the fat one but the skinny one. He used to be an associate of mine. He tells me there’s a massive party tonight over in east Alexandria. I think we should go.”  
“Where did you get all that stuff?” asked Kurma. All she had was a pair of boots and some gloves. This girl had hats and shoes and bags of stuff.  
“Never you mind that. If you were with me, you would have the same thing,” O’bellaDonna said. “Ask Jackie. She knows. Now I suggest we head to Flamingoes and pick up a couple of dresses. I know the Loss Prevention guys have gone for the day.” O’bellaDonna turned, and the girls followed.  
“How does she know this stuff?” Kurma asked Rimselda.  
Rimselda said, “You know how the Raptor is your thing? Well, being in the know is her thing. She goes around conning and charming her way into everybody’s business. It’s her business to know their business since it’s her livelihood.”  
Kurma was impressed.  
The girls ditched the food idea and instead went to find outfits for the party. Kurma and Rimselda didn’t think the others would want to know they had to eat insects in order to live anyway.  
Chelsea picked a fuchsia chiffon dress that went perfect with her sparkly stilettos. April left with a two-toned jacket and a black mini skirt that showed off her killer legs. Rimselda stuck with a basic, low-cut red dress that clashed horribly with her red hair. Kurma tried to tell her that sometimes red and red was overkill, but Rimselda stuck to her guns. Still, she had a beautiful face, so Kurma was sure it wouldn’t be too bad for her at the party.  
Jackie chose ripped, low-rise jeans that showed off her back tattoo, and a gold halter top that matched her hazel eyes. Without a doubt, she had the best body to Kurma, who had never worked out a day in her life. O’bellaDonna squeezed her big hips into a light-pink, backless dress and paired it with black-ribbon, six-inch heels and a leather jacket.  
Kurma chose to do a piece outfit. Chelsea had stolen a gray, long-sleeve belly shirt for her, along with white-and-black patterned high-waist shorts and a sleek, black blazer that went perfectly with her new shoes.  
The girls were on a high from the day, and chattered excitedly about who they would see later that night. They didn’t know what was waiting for them back at their room in the train station.  






22.
The Jeers  


Nina had tipped off Aaron, April’s brother and the leader of the Jeers. She was scared of him for sure, but was even more scared of Kurma and her new goonies. She couldn’t believe they had all taken Kurma’s side without even considering how Nina felt. She had been in the flat, contemplating what she should do, when a knock had come at the door. It had been Aaron wanting to know where his sister was and why she had not reported to her post. Nina had blurted out everything so fast she couldn’t stop. She had clamped her hands over her mouth in an attempt, but the cat was out of the bag. Aaron had flipped out.  
Nina now sat in a corner while Aaron and the Jeers ransacked the flat, waiting for Kurma and the girls. She wanted Kurma to get hurt, to feel the same pain Nina felt. But then on the other hand, she didn’t want the other girls to get involved, especially Chelsea. Chelsea had been attacked by the Jeers her first year at Snowhill, and Nina knew what they were capable of. She sniffled and cried as she nursed her bloody nose. Aaron had struck her when he’d found out April had somehow been turned into another species. It wasn’t Nina’s fault; she’d tried to tell him. Kurma would have to deal with him now.  
*  
The girls walked through the main gates and up to their floor.  
“Do you think Nina will still be in there?” Chelsea asked. She hoped so, because she didn’t want Nina to be left out. Nina was like a sister to her. She would have to find a way to persuade Kurma to change Nina into a Raptor.  
O’bellaDonna replied, “Most likely. She has nowhere else to go.”  
Kurma just wanted the gun back. She didn’t know how to use it, but April did, and April was on her side. If Nina was still in there, that meant she was barred in. How would they get back inside?  
The girls stood in the stairwell. Jackie knocked on the metal door and waited. They could hear feet—several as a matter of fact. Before the girls knew what was going on, the Jeers had their hands on them, pulling them into the flat.  
There was chaos and screams as the Jeers taunted them and roughed them up a bit. Kurma went right along with it. She needed to find out who their leader was and figure out where Nina was hiding. She had to be behind this. Kurma knew she should have kicked her out when she had the chance.  
“Nina how could you!” screamed Jackie. She hated the Jeers and hated Aaron even more. He had done some really mean things to her, and she still hadn’t gotten over it.  
Nina was off in a corner, trying to disappear.  
April found her brother sitting on the bed, protected by his usual bodyguards. “Aaron,” she pleaded. “Stop this!”  
He held his hands up, and the Jeers threw the girls against the wall and backed away. He slowly stood up and faced the girls. “Are you ladies going anywhere? I like your outfits. Don’t they look good, guys?”  
The Jeers yelled out arrogantly, obnoxiously.  
Rimselda shivered. She wished she could take the dress off; it showed too much skin and way too much cleavage.  
Aaron pulled a huge knife out of the back of his pants. “Tell me who Kurma is.” He knew who she wasn’t. He’d had the privilege of sleeping with all of the girls except April, his sister. So Kurma must have been the tall, Latin girl with the thick, long hair. She was exotic looking, with wide lips and a beauty mark above them. Aaron could definitely see himself getting this girl. If he hadn’t heard such bad things about her, he would have taken a liking to her.  
Kurma stood still and waited for one of the girls to give her up. She would take whoever even moved their eyes her way down with her.  
April pleaded, “Brother, whatever stories Nina told you aren’t true.”  
“Really? So this Kurma girl can’t fly?” asked Aaron. “She didn’t turn Rimselda and Jackie into winged monsters? She didn’t turn you either, sister?”  
April grew quiet.  
Aaron spoke again. “I’m going to give you one chance to make this right, April. Come to me and I’ll open my arms to you. Disown these girls and join me once again.” He laced every word with menace. “Otherwise, sister, you will die with them.”  
“April, don’t do this,” pleaded O’bellaDonna. She knew how Aaron worked. He was a manipulative bastard and sick in the head.  
Kurma’s eye twitched. She didn’t want to give up one of her protégés—especially April, who knew weaponry. She prepared for the worst, though. Blood was thicker than water, and at the moment April wasn’t bonded with her Raptor sisters as she was with her own brother.  
April stepped forward, and Kurma wanted to knock her head off. “April, he is going to kill all of us!” she screamed.  
“Not you, doll,” Aaron said to Kurma. “I’ll let the Jeers have you until you beg me to kill you.”  
Rimselda had had enough. She was ready to fight her way out just as she had fought her mother to get away. She wouldn’t let anyone hurt her ever again. Her arms itched, and she prepared her daggers, ready for anything.  
April took another step forward as the Jeers advanced on the girls. Aaron approached April and put his arm around her. “Kill them all except Kurma. Leave her to me.”  
Chelsea screamed, and O’bellaDonna pulled a short knife from inside her bra. Rimselda let her daggers show and hissed between her teeth. Kurma was over it. These boys were nothing to her. Guns, knives, none of it made any difference. She was stronger and faster than they all were. She turned into a full Raptor in seconds, clothes torn away and hot-tempered. Her skin smoked as her temperature exceeded normal. She slashed her daggers out and plunged one through April’s back into Aaron’s stomach. She heard the Jeers come for her and stop. Kurma twisted her daggers up and sideways. She wanted these siblings to feel it. The pain of betrayal was costly when it came to Kurma. She had taught her brothers, and she would show the girls that disloyalty was paid in full. She peered at the girls, who stared back at her in shock—and admiration.  
Kurma pushed April off the dagger and stood over her dead body. She kicked the corpse aside. Aaron rolled in pain on the floor, blood from his wound spreading on his shirt.  
“Rimselda, come here, please,” said Kurma.  
The Jeers parted for Rimselda. They stood in shock as their leader squirmed on the floor. Rimselda came forward with only her arms in the Raptor state.  
“Do the honors, babe,” Kurma said.  
Rimselda was nervous. She had never killed anyone before except her father, and that had been an accident.  
“It’s either you or him. He’ll get better and come after all of us. Do you want to constantly be on the run?” Kurma asked.  
Rimselda looked at her then looked down at Aaron. He had forced himself onto Rimselda years ago, and she had fought him off. She didn’t want to keep fighting him off at every turn. All of these girls had been tormented by Aaron or the Jeers at some time in the past. She was doing it for them, really. April had chosen him over them. She wasn’t on the Raptors’ side. So there would be no one to object.  
Kurma thought Rimselda was taking too long and contemplated finishing off the leader of the Jeers herself. She raised her daggers, but Rimselda beat her to the punch. She came down on Aaron’s chest wild and furious.  
“Aaron, nooooo!” one of the Jeers screamed, and the rest erupted as their leader lay dead in his own blood.  
The girls sprinted from the flat, down the stairs in a stampede, and the Jeers chased right after them, chains and bats beating against the station’s walls, creating even more of a ruckus. They chased the girls out of Snowhill and down the street but didn’t catch up to them. The best they could do was to throw rocks and rubble at the backs of the girls’ heads.  
Kurma and the others ran for dear life.  


23.
Flee or Fight  


Chelsea was devastated. The other girls had to drag her into the SUV before they fled away.  
Chelsea caught Kurma by the neck and squeezed her windpipe tight. She was so distraught that Kurma had killed her friend April.  
Kurma let Chelsea take out her frustrations on her. She held her breath and jerked her head back and forth as Chelsea choked her. All the girls tried to pry Chelsea’s hands from her neck, even O’bellaDonna, who was driving and swerving.  
“You gotta calm down, Chelsea,” screamed O’bellaDonna. “It was either us or her. April made her decision and she chose her brother, just like Nina chose the Jeers when she ratted us out!”  
O’bellaDonna sped past the bike lanes and dodged in and out of the traffic. “Don’t turn on us too, Chelsea. I mean that. I don’t want to lose you.” She peered into her rearview mirror and saw Chelsea was calming down.  
Kurma massaged her neck and tried to moisten her throat. Chelsea had a mean grip.  
“Where are we going now?” Rimselda asked.  
“I’m going to that party,” answered O’bellaDonna.  
“There’s no way I’m going clubbing after one of my best friends was stabbed in the back!” Chelsea screamed.  
“I’m the one who’s driving! Not you.” O’bellaDonna veered onto the expressway. “And I say I need a drink and an excuse to forget what happened tonight.”  
Rimselda didn’t think it was right just to leave April like they had, but then again they couldn’t take on all of the Jeers by themselves. The Jeers had come out of their shock and looked to kill after Aaron died. At least Aaron and April were both together in heaven. Well, April was in heaven. Rimselda couldn’t say where Aaron was.  
“Who’s with me?” asked O’bellaDonna.  
“I am,” replied Jackie. She wanted to forget tonight, Aaron, and all the blood that had run from April as she died. Jackie didn’t blame Kurma. She just wished she could have killed Aaron without killing April too. “I wanna get drunk, period.”  
“That’s exactly what I plan to do.”  
The girls sped off into the night as the city of Alexandria crawled with something that was worse than Jeers.  
24.
L for Leon the Lame  


Leon stood outside of the Trinidad Gym, reluctant to hop the fence. Men went in and out of the front doors, and Leon had to wait for the coast to clear. He had messed up big time, really bad, and there was no reversing it. He didn’t want to face Santino and the guys, but he had no place to go but back to them.  
A couple of hours prior, he had snuck out of the shed in the back. At the time he’d had good reasons for leaving. He couldn’t go back to his parents’ house because then they might be exposed. But he did have two older brothers who might understand. He had gone to the second family home, where his brothers and sister lived. He wanted to talk to Derrick, the oldest, alone and explain what had happened to him, then have Derrick tell their parents and friends not to worry too much about Leon’s whereabouts. That was it—Leon’s plan had been simply to confide in his brother to get his message to the right people.  
But it had gone terribly wrong. Derrick hadn’t been home, and Stewart, the middle brother, had opened the door. Stewart was a prankster who played around too much. The kind of guy who still gave other guys knuckle sandwiches and farted when someone pulled his finger. Stewart had gone to pull Leon into a bear hug when he’d seen him. Leon had seen it happening before it actually happened. He hadn’t meant to shove his brother off, but he couldn’t touch him…and yet he had. Leon had run from the house in a panic, and then turned to go back and try to fix whatever he had messed up. It was too late, though. Stewart had screamed for help, and his buddies who had been over to watch a game came to the rescue, only to be contaminated by the toxins in Stewart’s hands.  
It was too much for Leon, seeing all those bodies gasping for air, heaving in and out and changing different colors. He had really run then, as fast as he could. He’d felt a burning sensation in his eyes and thought it was the wind.  
Now, back at the gym, he tried to figure out his story so he could tell Santino. The first thing he thought about was why he hadn’t written a note and left it on the stoop for his family to see. He hadn’t been thinking clearly ever since accepting that he was a Phantom. His mind kept going back and forth: human or Phantom. Which brain should he listen to?  
Leon crossed the street and scaled a fence. He went around a corner and saw the bunker some yards away. His heart skipped a beat. He approached it and turned the doorknob, then walked into the tiny space.  
Santino looked up. “Where have you been since yesterday?” He had woken up to only two other people, Leon not included.  
Kosner, VIN, and Santino had all been uptight since they’d found Leon missing. They didn’t know if he had changed his mind and gone to tell the cops or if he had gone rogue and left the city for good.  
“Santino, can I talk to you real quick?” asked Leon.  
“Sure, go ahead and explain.”  
“No, I mean outside.”  
“No outside until it’s fully dark. You shouldn’t be going out when there are so many people around and it’s light out,” Santino said.  
“I know, but this is important.”  
“Just tell us where you’ve been and what you did,” yelled VIN, then tried to calm his voice a bit. “No one is going to be mad.”  
Leon didn’t believe him one bit. They were all mad, and would be even more so when they found out about what he had done. For all Leon knew, Stewart and his friends could be running around eating people and creating more Phantoms. The glass was looking pretty empty at this point.  
“Did you do what I think you did?” asked Santino. He hoped and prayed Leon had just been out taking a walk, but he wasn’t that naïve.  
Leon gulped big and shook his head. “I didn’t mean to. For God’s sake, I turned my brother into this monster that I am!” Leon shook and whimpered. His eyes stung, and his head started to hurt.  
“What happened?” asked Kosner.  
Leon tried to explain the best that he could. “I went to tell one of my brothers so he could deliver the message to my family that I’m not dead and not in prison.”  
Santino was livid. He didn’t even want to hear Leon’s weak excuse. He had specifically said no Phantom was to touch a human being unless he planned on eating or killing them. What had Leon not understood about this one simple rule?  
“The wrong brother was at the house. I wanted to tell my older brother, the more serious one, but I got Stewart,” Leon went on. “Stewart grabbed me, and I reacted. It wasn’t my fault.” Leon saw how the others looked at him with contempt.  
“Then what happened, Leon?” asked VIN.  
“Stewart had his friends over, and he turned them into Phantoms when they came to help him out. Before I knew it, they had all touched Stewart as he lay on the ground gasping for air.”  
“So all we have to do is go back to your brother’s house and bring them here,” Kosner said. “All hope isn’t lost, Leon. Perk up.”  
“You don’t understand. I saw my brother get up.”  
“You left them there didn’t you, Leon?” asked Santino in anger. How irresponsible could Leon be? He had left newborn Phantoms to fend for themselves. Santino hadn’t done that to Leon, so why would Leon do it to them?  
“I didn’t have a choice. There were too many of them, and I didn’t know what to do!” Leon shouted.  
“Keep your voice down,” Kosner said.  
“I’m sorry, alright?”    
“Sorry?” asked VIN. “Sorry isn’t the word. You just orphaned how many newborn Phantoms? And now Alexandria will be their playground.”  
“Not if we get to them first,” Santino interrupted. “We round them all up and find a bigger place to lay low for a while.”  
“How many of them do you think were at your brother’s house?” Kosner asked Leon.  
“There were four other guys watching football in the living room when Stewart opened the door,” Leon responded. “But I’m not sure if there were others in other rooms.”  
“You mean the Quarries and the Buckhorns?” asked VIN. “Man, I had money riding on that game!”  
Santino said, “VIN, try to stay focused.” He needed to find all of his underlings quickly, before they touched anyone else—and before the police got a hold of them. “How far away is your brother’s house?”  
“It’s on the south side of Alexandria,” said Leon.  
“We have to wait until nighttime to go looking for them,” Santino said.  
“But they could be out eating people or attacking the city,” Kosner pointed out.  
Santino knew that too, but still his hands were tied. He could only look out for his own, and at the moment, the Phantoms that were on the south side of Alexandria would have to fend for themselves. He hoped that his family was inside with the doors closed and locked. Until he knew the damage, he couldn’t jump the gun and react without thinking.  
“What are we going to do with this guy?” asked VIN. “I personally don’t trust him, and I blame him one hundred percent for whatever is going to happen while we sit around!”  
Kosner agreed.  
Santino was angry at Leon but couldn’t be too mad because he had done the same thing when he’d turned Kosner and VIN by mistake. On the other hand, if Leon had just done as Santino had said then there wouldn’t be a mess to clean up.  
Santino didn’t have an answer for the guys. They wanted results; they wanted to see Leon punished. But who was going to discipline him? Santino? He didn’t have a belt to beat Leon with, a set of rules to go by, or anything else that could be used for punishment. The Phantoms were created out of chaos; that was their punishment, to live in pandemonium. They were no longer humans, so the rules didn’t apply to them.  
Santino hunched his shoulders. “Do whatever you want with him. We make our own justice now.” He sat back and kept his hands clean.  
VIN cracked his knuckles and approached Leon. No rules were his kind of party.  


25.
Night at the Flora Plume Club  


“I’m not going in,” Chelsea said. She folded her arms across her chest and wouldn’t budge from the SUV.  
“It’ll be fun—a chance for us all to be together, away from everything for a while,” Kurma sweet-talked.  
“I don’t want all of us to be together unless it’s everybody!” Chelsea screamed. “I want Nina, and I want April back.” She kicked the back of the front seat with her foot.  
Kurma closed the door so the people on the street wouldn’t hear Chelsea’s fit. “Who started this tantrum crybaby stuff?”  
“Nina did,” said Jackie. She rested on a nearby fire hydrant and was ready to go. “Just let Chelsea stay in the truck for a minute and cool off. We can come get her later.”  
Kurma didn’t like the idea of leaving Chelsea by herself. What if she ran off? Then Kurma would be another Raptor short. She began to protest, but O’bellaDonna stopped her.  
“If she doesn’t want to come then we can’t make her,” she said. “Plus Chelsea isn’t going anywhere without someone holding her hand. I say we all go in and have a good time while she stays bitter and cries herself to sleep.”  
O’bellaDonna led the girls past the yellow line that roped off the Flora Plume Club. There was a massive line filled with girls and guys all dressed to impress. Kurma had never been to a club and didn’t know how she would get in without her ID. And even if she did have it, she wasn’t even eighteen yet.  
O’bellaDonna had everything covered. She was working her pink dress, and her heels gave her extra inches over the door host. She flashed a smile and placed her plump chest in front of the guy’s face. He didn’t even hear what she was saying; he couldn’t stop staring at her body.  
O’bellaDonna pointed her finger at a random name on his clipboard and waited for him to catch the hint. He smiled and moved aside as he opened the rope for the girls to pass through. The crowd erupted into boos and complaints. O’bellaDonna just sashayed on through, switching her hips to the tunes inside the club.  
Inside the Flora Plume Club a mix of salsa, club, dub step, hip-hop, and techno beats played. Kurma had never seen anything like it. The entrance was wide and jam-packed as the girls made their way into the first-floor grand room. There were stairs on both sides leading up to different themed quarters.  
Thousands of people moved to the music as the girls stepped onto the dance floor. Kurma saw several screens projecting all the actions of the upstairs rooms. A machine up high blasted bubbles that fell lightly onto the girls. Kurma looked up and smiled. Bats hung from the ceiling—real, live bats that flew up high and out the windows that ventilated the massive club. There were three wet bars on the main level with fluorescent lights hitting the dark floor around them. Two DJs stood on opposite sides of the club, battling each other with crazy beats. The crowd loved them. Laser lights beamed everywhere, and Kurma was scared to death when a gust of cold wind blew pass her face.  
“It’s only mist, girl,” O’bellaDonna screamed over the music. She smiled at Kurma’s reaction and bumped her head to the beat as she looked for the bar. “Let’s go get that drink,” she yelled. She didn’t think Kurma had heard her, so she pulled her arm. Kurma grabbed Rimselda, who grabbed Jackie, and the girls marched single file up to the bar.  
The girls people-watched as the night began. Jackie was sipping her Mai tai when someone groped her from the back. She turned around and came face to face with her boss, Mr. McGrady, a spiffy old guy who had his hands in everything that was illegal. If he was here, Jackie knew she was going to have a good night.  
“Jacquiline, you doll baby you!” McGrady screamed over the music. He tried to grope the front of her jacket, but she playfully pushed him off.  
Jackie smiled at her boss and tried to introduce the girls but was distracted by his bodyguards.  
“They’re with me. Never mind them,” said McGrady when he saw Jackie’s facial expression. He excused the two guards and moved closer to her. He had always liked her. She was young and pretty, had a nice shape, was slicker than chicken grease when it came to cars, and never snitched him out. She’d worked for him for the past four years, since she was fifteen.  
“I have a table upstairs in the Gold Room,” he said. “Tell your friends to come join me up there.”  
Jackie nodded. “Do you have wristbands for us?”  
“Wristbands? What the hell would I look like walking around with one of those on my arm?” he asked. “Trust me, you hang with me, you can go anywhere in this club!”  
Jackie knew how Mr. McGrady rolled: he was all about the high life, the fast life, the money and all the things that came with it. Mr. McGrady had a wife and two model girlfriends, and Jackie had just so happened to show up a year after he had settled down, otherwise she would have been one of his girls—a kept girl. She didn’t want to get to close because her work might have been affected, so she tried to keep the flirting to a minimum.  
“Who’s your friend?” asked O’bellaDonna. She could smell money a mile away. She smiled at the old man, and Mr. McGrady smiled back.  
Jackie could see where this was going, so she did the introductions. “O’bellaDonna, this is my boss, Mr. McGrady.”  
O’bellaDonna placed her hand in his, and he kissed it softly. She was smitten by this old guy.  
“Ladies, this way.” He directed the girls up to the third floor, where the crowd thinned out and the lights grew brighter. The Gold Room was sectioned off by opaque floors; Kurma could see two levels down. The seats in McGrady’s section were connected in a half square with a large table in the middle, with bottles and bottles of champagne and other alcohols chilling in tubs of ice. Half naked women, all tan and gorgeous, brought sparkling water and fresh juice. Kurma had never seen anything like it. Photographers came by and took pictures, and she shied away.  
Mr. McGrady wasn’t having it, though. He pushed Kurma into an embrace and sat her in the middle of the couch, where all eyes were on the couple. O’bellaDonna cut her eyes at Kurma, and Kurma’s face heated up. She tried to excuse herself but Mr. McGrady wouldn’t let her go.  
“I have all the prettiest girls of Alexandria here with me tonight!” he yelled over the house music. The roof of his mouth showed as he talked loud enough for everyone to hear. He pulled Jackie on the other side of him and gave her a sloppy kiss. She spilled her drink all over him and Kurma.  
“Don’t worry, babes, by the end of the night we’ll all be smelling like the bottom of a bottle,” Mr. McGrady joked.  
Kurma signaled O’bellaDonna to come and take her place. O’bellaDonna happily hurried over and sat down, and Kurma got up. She’d had enough of McGrady. He was fun, no doubt, but he was too much at the same time. Where did this old man get that kind of energy?  
Kurma sat next to Rimselda, who was quietly sipping from a flute of Dom Perignon. The girls laughed with one another. They didn’t need a big scene to have fun; they enjoyed each other’s company without all of the hoopla. Kurma made herself a strong drink—a lot of clear liquor with a little orange juice. She wasn’t a drinker, but tonight seemed different. She was doing stuff she had never done before. Girls her age didn’t get to go to clubs like this and party with men like McGrady. She wanted to enjoy it and unwind for a bit. She drank her drink, joked with Rimselda, and lay back on the couch. There was no need to change into a Raptor or hurt anyone. She sort of wished she had this life minus all the bad things that had happened to her. But, she figured, she had to take the good with the bad.  
Off to the side, Jackie put a white pill in her champagne, swirled the drink around, and downed it in one gulp. “Wooooo!” she screamed. She was ready to tear the night up. “Why are you girls sitting down?” she shouted over to Kurma and Rimselda. She stood up and started dancing to the music.  
“Let’s show them how it’s done!” O’bellaDonna said as she stood up to join Jackie. The two girls went to the bigger VIP dance section and moved seductively under the lava-red lights. McGrady watched O’bellaDonna, intrigued by her full hips and long legs.  
Kurma smiled; at least they were having a good time and not outside crying in the car like Chelsea. She scanned the crowd with her Raptor eyes for fun, since she couldn’t dance. She hadn’t been born with rhythm like Jackie and O’bellaDonna. She was more of a two-step kind of girl, and that was after a drink or two.  
As she took in the nightclub scene, she glanced over to an altercation that was happening by the stairs roping off McGrady’s section. The bouncer and a taller guy were exchanging words back and forth, and it seemed pretty heated. As the security guard tried to block the other guy’s entry, Kurma realized it was her younger brother, Inis.  
Oh my God. Kurma heard her voice magnified in her head. She stood up so fast she knocked over her drink.  
Rimselda felt liquid running down her leg at the same time Kurma rushed from the couch. She saw Kurma hurry over to the bouncers and a random guy who was trying to get in. Didn’t she know this was McGrady’s table and he could handle it? She looked at Jackie, who was still dancing with O’bellaDonna, both of them unaware. Mr. McGrady slid next to her, and she could smell his spiced cologne.  
“You’re looking so sweet in that red dress, darling,” the old man crooned. “I could buy you two more just like it.”  
Rimselda wasn’t paying attention. She had a bad history with older guys, mainly her father, and had no interest in getting involved with another.  
Mr. McGrady put his arm around her shoulders and came close to her, rubbing his nose against her hair. “That red hair of yours reminds me of licorice in the summertime, how it gets sticky when you hold it for a while.” He giggled in her ear. He was coming on strong. The stronger the better, he thought. That way they could never forget him.  
Rimselda cut her eyes at him and was about to throw her glass of champagne in his face, but someone had beaten her to the punch. A tall, thin girl dressed in sheer fabric stood in front of her with an empty glass. Rimselda felt the liquid splash all over her arm. McGrady, on the other hand, got the drink full in the face. Jackie pulled Rimselda up and guided her away from McGrady and his girlfriend. Rimselda turned to see the old guy dabbing his face with napkins as the skinny girl looked after her with heated eyes.  
“Where did Kurma go?” Jackie asked.  
“I don’t know. I saw her walk up to this guy, but then I was distracted by McGrady.”  
Jackie laughed it off. “He’s an old-time player who can’t see the error in his ways and give up the chase. Let’s go to the bathroom and wash you off.” She felt how sticky Rimselda was and felt bad that she would smell like the bottom of a bottle by the end of the night.  
The girls turned right and walked off to find the bathroom. They were so distracted they walked right by a disturbed Chelsea, who had made her way into the club. She had to tell them that something was going horribly wrong outside. She’d seen that what was coming for her looked like a riot and a charge of angry bodies.  


26.
The South Side of Alexandria  

It was too late. Santino saw the destruction for himself. Phantasm had transferred from person to victim, from victim to person in a matter of hours in the city of Alexandria, and there was nothing he could do to reverse the deaths or stop its movements.  
Leon had found his brother when they went back to the house in south Alexandria to look for him. Stewart was face down, covered in blood, on his porch’s front step, a knife sticking out of the middle of his back. He’d been stabbed repeatedly in his sides and back, and Leon didn’t know by whom. All he knew was that his older brother was dead at the hands of someone who didn’t understand what a Phantom was. He could imagine his brother trying to fight the carnivorous urge as he was stabbed from behind.  
All around them the streets were filled with people running in fear. Cars crashed, cyclists were pulled from their bikes and attacked, mopeds were trashed, and Phantoms continued to wreak havoc on the city. People barricaded themselves in their homes. The streets were trashed; fires were started, and put out by busted fire hydrants. Smut and ash coated the pavement, and smoke blotted out the sky. People who weren’t Phantoms took the city’s crisis as a time to gain and looted whatever they could.  
Leon held his dead brother through the whole thing. Even when the police and RAID team came and tear-gassed the street, Leon held on to Stewart. Even when Stewart’s body grew cold and lifeless, Leon didn’t let go. Santino and Kosner had to pry his hands from Stewart’s torso and drag him away. Leon didn’t scream, and he didn’t cry. He only wanted to avenge his brother and tell him how sorry he was that he’d gotten him caught up in the crossfire between Phantoms and humans. He was so sorry.  

*  
Santino heard the RAID director using an enormous bullhorn to command the citizens of Alexandria to go back inside their homes and stay there until everything was under control. Santino didn’t think there would ever be control in the city again. As soon as Phantoms overran south Alexandria, they would move to the west and east of the city. These newborn Phantoms had no clue who their creator was or how to go about living without some kind of guidance. Santino believed they were driven by hunger, and unless someone had a strategic plan of giving them food without physical contact then the human population would cease to exist. A Phantom either touched you or ate you; either way the Phantom population went up or the human population went down.  
“I say we get out of the city before they round us all up and kill us on sight,” said VIN as he walked briskly with the guys. “That or the government will bomb Alexandria to stop Phantasm from spreading across sector lines.”  
Sometimes VIN was smart, and this time was no exception, except Santino didn’t want to run. He needed to stay and make people understand that Phantasm could spread even more with physical, skin-to-skin contact. If no one knew how Phantoms were created then all humans were likely to be exposed.  
Santino didn’t know who to tell first. This was beyond saving himself; he had to think about all the people of Alexandria and his family as well. If he had to turn himself in then that was what he would have to do. He didn’t want this thing getting out of control and even more innocent people dying. Yes, he ate people; when he was in his right mind he felt horrible about it, but he couldn’t change himself. What he could do was stop all the normal people from coming in contact with Phantoms like him, especially the newborns who were running rampant on the south side of Alexandria. Leon would have to be just as responsible for the mess he had made as Santino was. He was, after all, the reason why Phantoms were running amuck now. If only he had waited around for them to change fully and brought them to Santino, then maybe all of this wouldn’t be taking place. But Santino couldn’t think about the past, only the future, and right now his wasn’t looking to great.  
The four men barely made it out of south Alexandria before the police barricaded the streets.  
“I’m going to turn myself in and try to explain to the police what’s going on,” Santino said. He had made his mind up. “Someone needs to tell them how to hold off the Phantoms so they won’t be able to spread throughout the entire city.”  
“No way, Santino!” yelled Kosner. He stopped walking and turned to face Santino. “I’m not letting you turn yourself in. They’re going to blame you for all of these deaths.”  
“I am responsible!” screamed Santino. He felt so guilty.  
“No, you aren’t! It’s this guy’s fault, not yours,” VIN yelled back. “If anybody is turning themselves in, it’s going to be Leon.” VIN shoved his finger in Leon’s face.  
“Leon, man, we have to do this together. We have to make this right,” said Santino. He heard sirens blaring to his left. He hoped for everyone’s sake that the cops were holding off the Phantoms and taking back the city. “We are the reason this is happening. Don’t you want to make this right for your brother?”  
“Don’t you dare bring him into this!” Leon yelled.  
“But be reasonable,” Santino went on. “If you hadn’t touched him, he wouldn’t have turned into a Phantom, and his friends wouldn’t have become Phantoms either.”  
“This isn’t my fault!” Leon screamed. His eyes burned like hell. “You turned me, remember?”  
“No, Kosner did, and he was there when you came to. I helped you adjust. We all did. We didn’t leave you by yourself,” Santino explained. “We all need to take responsibility. Just come with me and we can go in and make a report so no one else has to get hurt.”  
Leon backed away from the group. He knew what they were trying to do: make him take the fall for everything. He wasn’t stupid. He knew how this worked. He was the weakest, and they were going to make him take the short end of the stick. He hadn’t killed all those people back there. The new Phantoms did, not him. Why should he go and turn himself in? He only turned his brother, who was now dead, so that let him off the hook. Santino and the guys couldn’t make him do anything anymore. If he wanted to skip town, he could. If he wanted to turn someone into a Phantom and start his own gang, he could do that too. He didn’t need Kosner, Santino, or any of them really. He had made up his mind.  
Leon reached out and punched VIN in the face. VIN flew into Santino. Leon made a dash for it and cut in between people running, shoving everyone out of his way. They would never get him to confess anything or take the rap for everything. Not him.  
Kosner was the first to react. He ran after Leon and hoped Santino and VIN would catch up. Looney Leon was on the run.  


27.
Run and Seek  

Leon didn’t care who he touched or how he touched them. All he knew was that he had to get away from Santino and the guys as quickly as possible. Night was falling, and the chill sank deep into Leon’s bones. He had to get out of the city, far away from everything and everyone. He knew he could make a new life somewhere else, someplace warm, or even out at sea on a yacht. All he had to do was hop on the first thing smoking and he was home free.  
The problem was he was running north and not south, where the heat, the border, and freedom were. If he turned around to go back, Santino would be there with his two goonies. But up north things got colder, space got even tighter, and the people were not so nice. Then again, money was up north, and Leon didn’t have any at the moment.  
He needed to lay low, get the boys off his trail for a bit. He wouldn’t need days but hours to think of a way south and out of the city. He was thinking he would have to go east to get around the barricades and the mayhem. Leon could take the bullet train that ran along the coast down to the border and cross over. By tomorrow afternoon he would be far from questions, the police, and Santino.  
But where could he hide until the train departed without being noticed? The gym was out of the question—he could never go back there. He couldn’t go back to his brother’s house in south Alexandria either even though it was empty; the police had the place barricaded. Downtown Alexandria was too crowded and hectic around this time, and Leon would have a hard time trying to blend in with people who were dressed to party in the club scene. West Alexandria was residential, and he was sure the police and the news had tipped the section off to the night’s incidents in the other part of the city.  
Leon had only one place he could hide out until the next day. He didn’t know where he would go when he got there. But as long as it was far enough away to keep Santino off his trail, that was all he needed.  


28.
The Rosales Siblings  

Kurma shoved the bouncer to the side. He was manhandling her brother, Inis, who was five inches taller than the bouncer was. Kurma was saving the guy’s life, really. Inis wasn’t like the calm before the storm. He was hot-headed and rash; he was the eye of the storm!  
The security guard looked at Kurma like she was crazy. She stared him down and knocked the VIP rope over onto his foot. “Do something!” she barked.  
Inis pulled Kurma away and hugged her tight. So she had run away to hang out with a group of scantily dressed girls. It was time to take her home; their mother was going crazy, and he and his brother needed Kurma back. Nobody knew how to handle their mother like Kurma.  
“Do you know what I’ve been going through?” he asked.  
Kurma pulled her little brother into a corner with dim lighting. She needed him to understand her reasoning behind everything. She had only one chance to get him the message, because she wasn’t leaving with him. “I’m sorry I left and didn’t tell anybody.”  
“We need to call mom right away! She’s going to be so happy I’ve found you!”  
“No!” Kurma said loudly. She shook her younger brother, who loomed over her. “You can’t tell anyone you’ve seen me tonight. Do you understand?”  
Inis wanted to shake some sense back into his older sister. “I’m not leaving here without you. Do you even care that we’ve been putting up flyers and looking for you all over the city? Mom’s reported you missing, and this whole time you’ve been running around with some random girls!” Inis yelled in Kurma’s face. “Have you forgotten about your family? Were we so bad you had to run away and get some fake replacements?”  
Inis didn’t have to ask any more questions he already knew the answers to. This was all Santino’s fault; he had created a monster who wanted to be so perfect and popular, just like Santino was. Kurma shouldn’t have been hanging out in a club dressed like this. Neither should he, though—they were both underage. At least he had an excuse. He was looking for his brother, who had started selling pills to a group of college boys earlier in the semester. Inis and Allie had kept it a secret from Kurma, who would have flipped. But none of that mattered now, since Allie had gone MIA like Kurma had.  
They must be going through some teenage phase, thought Inis. He needed them both back home and in one piece.  
“Look, Inis, I love you, I really do. But there’s something seriously wrong with me, and I can’t be around anyone right now,” Kurma explained.  
“Really?” Inis yelled. “You look fine to me, sis. Stop all of these lies. Where’s Santino? Is he putting you up to this?”  
“Santino? Of course not. Listen to me, Inis. I’m a Raptor, and I will never be the same sister you used to have. Do you understand? I might touch you or Mom or Allie, and I can’t have that on my conscience right now.” Kurma began to get choked up.    
Inis wasn’t giving her his full attention because he was looking at his brother. “Allie!” he screamed over Kurma’s head. He tried to wave his brother over, but was caught off guard by the crowd. Something didn’t seem right. People weren’t dancing anymore. They were running here and there, knocking over chairs and falling on the ground, getting trampled as other patrons attempted to flee.  
“Brother, are you even listening to what I’m trying to tell you?” Kurma asked. She looked into his face and noticed his panic. She tried to think of something that would get him to understand her new Raptor state. “Tell Mom I love her, and tell Allie I miss him so much and I’ll be home soon, just not now.”  
Kurma went to hug her brother but was knocked aside. Inis ran back out into the thick of the crowd. Kurma turned, bewildered, and saw he was running to help out Allie. Kurma hadn’t seen her brother in a week almost; he looked so tall and handsome. What the hell were these two doing in the club anyway?  
She began to go after her brothers, but stopped dead in her tracks. Standing behind Allie was a bear of a man with huge teeth. He had chalk-white skin and dark veins all over his face.  
Kurma’s heart stopped, and she had no pulse to speak of. Everything seemed to be going in slow motion. Her feet didn’t move fast enough, her hands couldn’t reach her brothers quickly enough, and Inis didn’t reach Allie soon enough. The man bit down on Allie’s shoulder and tore into the skin.  
Inis rushed to his brother’s aid and tried to pull him from the attacker, but someone came from behind and put Inis in a headlock. He fought the guy off and saw it was the bouncer from earlier. He head-butted the guy and split his face down the middle. Inis turned to see Allie being dragged off by another guy who looked just like Santino.  
Turmoil was everywhere as Inis tried to get through the crowd to his brother. He prayed that Kurma stayed tucked away from the drama. He didn’t need her getting involved in this. How would he tell his mother he had found her and then lost her again?  


29.
Raptored  

Santino had done this. These creatures were just like him: deadly fiends from hell with an appetite for humans. Kurma had seen Santino with some other guys dragging her brother off. Allie was hurt, Kurma had seen that too. He had yelled out in pain as that thing had bitten into him. She’d wanted to cry; she’d wanted to protect her brother but hadn’t. She’d wanted Allie and Inis away from her so she wouldn’t turn them into what she was, but all she had done was let something far worse get a hold of Allie. She’d done everything wrong.  
Kurma’s body floated with the crowd as people ran out of the club and onto the streets. She was dazed. People were being attacked; everyone was screaming; the streets were alive. She needed to find Inis. She had to warn him about Santino, tell Inis what he had become, but she had lost him in the crowd. Kurma had lost everyone; her mind was all over the place. She never should have come out, never left her family’s side. Tears finally broke through, and Kurma fell on the curb, blinded by her grief. How could Santino do this to her? First he tried to kill her, now he was going after her little brother. Kurma wiped her eyes. If he was going to go after her family, he would have to go through her.  
Kurma got her balance and stood up, sniffed, and wiped the tears from her face. She had to find Santino and put an end to this. She wanted her brother back in one piece. She would do whatever she had to.  
“Kurma!” Rimselda screamed. She ran out of the crowd’s current and pulled Kurma to her. “We’ve been looking everywhere for you. It’s time to go. Something’s happened.”  
Kurma shook Rimselda’s arm off of her. “I have to do something first,” she said with a dull voice. “I have to get my brother back.”  
“Chelsea said she saw a swarm of guys attacking people outside the club. We have to go now!” Rimselda pleaded. “We can find your brother later, alright?”  
“No,” Kurma yelled. She walked off without Rimselda. All she had to do was follow the noise and that would take her where she needed to be. Follow the stench that was Santino. Kurma remembered the smell of his blood when she had stabbed him in the bathroom. She didn’t care about the screams, the people crying, the police who attempted to stop the turmoil, the car accidents, the assaults, none of it. She walked on with a mission, a duty; she had to see this through. She couldn’t be with her family at the moment, but that didn’t mean that she wouldn’t try to protect them. Allie wasn’t dead, but he was hurt somewhere out there with Santino, and she would find the both of them if it was the last thing she did.  
Rimselda watched Kurma walk away by herself. She didn’t want her to go out into the night like that. She nervously stomped her feet.  
“You guys!” she yelled out to the girls, who were hiding behind a flower cart. They all inched around the front to hear Rimselda.  
She stood in the street, unaware of the mayhem around her. “We can’t just let her leave by herself.”  
“We don’t even know what’s going on with her,” Jackie said. “I say we get out of this mess before we become somebody’s dinner.”  
A Phantom ran by and took a swipe at Chelsea’s head. She ducked away just in time. The Phantom kept on running.  
“Did you see that?” squealed Chelsea. “Almost took my head clean off.”  
“We saw it, Chelsea.” O’bellaDonna chuckled.  
Rimselda wasn’t leaving Kurma and that was final. She started running after her friend and yelled back, “I’m going with or without you guys.”  
O’bellaDonna ran after her. “Raptors rule!” she screamed.  
Jackie felt her arms itch. She wasn’t scared at all; she liked the adrenaline, kind of like stealing a car. “Babes, you coming?” she asked Chelsea, then ran from the cart and jumped over a couple being mauled by a Phantom.  
Chelsea didn’t have a choice. Everybody was gone, and she wasn’t trying to stay behind like last time. She bounced around for a bit to psych herself out, and then ran off after her friends screaming, “Here I come!”  


30.
Phantom versus Raptor  

Kurma now had a band of girls who were coming to help. She didn’t have to do everything alone. She would have smiled at the thought. However, she was face to face with Phantoms that had her brother face down on the ground.  
The old wharf in the east of Alexandria was known for its many piers where ships docked and unloaded their goods. During the day it was a sight to behold with its clear waters, sea animals, and bountiful fleet of ships jazzing the old wooden place up. At night though, as Kurma walked the deck, she saw only morbid black shadows, and smelled only the sickening scents of seaweed and blood. There were six Phantoms and only one of her. Kurma’s brother lay at the feet of Santino, who stood in the middle of his gang.  
“I knew you would come for him,” Santino said.  
“Shut your face!” Kurma yelled.  
The Phantoms didn’t like that. They all growled at her and showed their hideous teeth. Kurma hissed back, defiant even though she was out numbered.  
“You don’t understand. I never wanted any of this to happen,” Santino said.  
Kurma didn’t want to hear any lies. She just wanted to get her brother back to her mom and away from things like her and Santino. He didn’t belong in this kind of world, where creatures ate one another and where rules didn’t apply. Allie needed to be where order was, where safety meant something.  
“Give me my brother back.”  
Two of the Phantoms moved. Santino looked restless and put his hands in his pockets. “I don’t think that would be wise.”  
“I don’t give a damn what you think,” Kurma screamed. She inched down the deck toward them.  
Santino almost jumped at her scent. She smelled so good—good enough to eat. He gulped deep and said, “Don’t come any closer. Your brother has to stay with me. Do you understand?”  
“Over my dead body, you sadistic freak!”  
“Kurma, listen to me. It’s not what you think.” Santino couldn’t tell her the truth. She would hate him forever. He couldn’t tell her that Leon had gotten away and gone on a Phantom-spreading spree. He couldn’t tell her they had tracked him down hiding out in the Flora Plume Club, where her brothers happened to be. He absolutely couldn’t tell her that because of Leon, her brother was now a Phantom halfway through his transmutation. Santino would have to clean up Leon’s mess. He was an older brother; he had done things like this before, and he would do it again.  
“I’m going to give you five seconds to let me take my brother,” threatened Kurma. If she had to slice through every one of these souped-up freaks then she would. She would take the blond one first, the one she had seen in the club attacking her brother, then Santino because he had done nothing to stop it. She and Santino had some unfinished business to settle too, but that would come later. “Otherwise all of you will be at the bottom of this waterfront. Even the seagulls won’t touch you.”  
“How are you going to do that?” VIN yelled out from the pack. “There’s only one of you, doll, and about five more than you can handle.”  
“Five.” Kurma ignored the bulky one’s comment. “Four, three—”  
“Kurma, don’t make this any worse,” pleaded Santino. He felt his stomach growling at the thought of her. He did not want to eat her like this.  
“Two, one.” Kurma prepared to morph. She zeroed in on her brother’s lifeless body and knew she would have to fly him up out of the brawl. He would weigh so much more than Rimselda.  
Oh well, Kurma thought. “Zero!” She ran at the men screaming, and they yelled back.  


31.
The guardian  


Rimselda watched Kurma from afar and ran down the dock, her feet pounding on the old wood. Jackie and O’bellaDonna were right behind her as she caught up to Kurma, who was full Raptor, fighting what looked like goonies on steroids. Rimselda changed on command and flew the rest of the way down the dock; it was so much faster than running.  
All the Phantoms had were their nails and teeth. Kurma had daggers—very long daggers that punched holes in skin and sliced through bones. Two of the Phantoms had already run off, afraid of dying by Kurma’s hands. Only three men and Santino remained. Kurma was too quick for the bulky one; he was big but slow, and he swung hard but couldn’t connect. The patchy-blond one was hiding behind the one with the quick legs, who could duck and dodge her blades but couldn’t block. Kurma got a few slices in.  
Santino had barely lifted a finger but hung by her brother as if he were his guardian. Kurma was Allie’s guardian, not Santino! She stopped chasing after the quick one, let the slow one come to her, and waited for the sneaky one to get comfortable. She wanted him most of all; everyone else was trying to kill her, but not him. He was only trying to save his own neck. Kurma wanted to ring it for him like the chicken he was.  
The big one stepped out in front and aimed for Kurma’s midsection. Big mistake.  
“Watch out for her feet!” Santino saw it happening before it did.  
Kurma levitated in the air with her wings, and with both clawed feet kicked VIN in the temple as he tried to maneuver around. He hit the ground with a thud. This left Leon open, and he almost peed his pants. He didn’t like this bird-bat woman. She was too quick like a cat, cunning like a rat, and slivered like a snack. She was an abomination, and Leon was angry at Santino for never revealing to him and the guys that his little girlfriend had been changed as well, only she had wings and they didn’t!  
Santino stepped in. He hated Leon, was angry at him for all the right reasons, but he wouldn’t let Kurma kill him or any of his Phantoms for that matter. Santino raised a huge hand that would have come crashing down on her head had it not been for a metal dagger that pierced his thick wrist. Santino froze in place as the pain shot up his arm. How could this be? Even the cops’ bullets hadn’t pierced his skin. Only Kurma’s daggers had any effect on him.  
She stood a few feet away, slicing Leon’s head off.  
“Nooooo!” screamed Santino. Another dagger pierced his other wrist, and both arms were pulled up high over his head so his body lifted and his feet left the ground. Something wasn’t right…he was losing! Santino had never lost a thing in his life.  
32.
I Declare War  


Kurma grabbed Leon’s throat while he thrashed about. He tried to bite at her a couple of times, but she didn’t care. He squeezed her flesh, his nails puncturing her hair and skin. All the more reason not to care. She steadied her arm and raised her dagger. It was Allie’s life for Leon’s. She sawed his head off; she felt the bone and gristle as she moved her arm back and forth. His cries of pain were cut off as she severed his windpipe.  
Kosner would have tried to help if it hadn’t been for two girls bending his arms behind him to the point that they popped out of their sockets. Blood rushed to his face, and he groaned in pain. The girls bore their weight down on him, and he tried not to buckle. VIN was knocked out cold—all of that muscle for no reason. Leon was beheaded. Santino was being held hostage by a redhead that flew. Kosner wasn’t dreaming. She was a redhead with fiery lipstick, one of the prettiest things he had ever seen. It was too bad she was on the wrong team. He couldn’t imagine cross-species dating—that would be odd. Well, he would if she would…  
“Stay down, you creep,” Jackie yelled at him. She had changed into her Raptor state after Rimselda did. She didn’t know how to fly or how to bring her daggers out, but she was bigger and stronger this way. She needed to get on Kurma’s and Rimselda’s level fast.  
Kurma peeled Leon’s head back away from its body and held on to the stringy hair that hadn’t fallen out.  
“Kurma, what have you done?” Santino yelled. His mouth was full of spit. He couldn’t breathe or swallow; he felt his air being sucked from him. The pain in his arms was almost unbearable. Whatever was in those daggers was crippling him, and he wanted to rip them from his captor’s body. “I will kill you for that, I swear to God!”  
Kurma wasn’t moved by his weak threat. “Chelsea, can you be a dear and pop this sucker’s body into the bay?”  
Chelsea jumped at her name. She ran over to the lump of meat formerly known as Leon and began to roll it over and over to the edge of the pier.  
“Just like that, right over the edge,” Kurma instructed. She giggled a little bit to herself.  
“Kurma, you are dead. I promise you. All of you!”  
“Keep a tight hold on him for me, please, Rimy,” said Kurma.  
“No problem,” Rimselda said as she tightened her grip.  
Kurma walked over to Allie and rubbed his back. His body was trembling and moist with sweat. Kurma heard Leon’s body hit the water and heard her brother’s heart beating. She was so happy she could have cried. He was alive. She tried to lift his body up.  
“Don’t touch him. He’s like me—a Phantom!”  
Now Kurma had heard it all. “What?”  
Santino grumbled and dangled his feet; he just needed to catch his footing so he could better his aim at whatever was holding him.  
“Answer me,” commanded Kurma. “What have you done to my brother?”  
“Kurma, we should go,” O’bellaDonna shouted. “I can hear sirens coming our way.”  
Kurma walked closer to Santino and looked him in the eyes. “You call yourselves Phantoms. Are you telling me my brother will be like you?”  
Santino tried to stop his breathing so he didn’t inhale her scent. “All I’m saying is that when he wakes up he won’t be the same. He won’t have the same appetite. He won’t look the same or even act the same.” He shook his arms, which only made the pain worse. He hated this feeling of being trapped with no way out. VIN was down, Kosner was being pinned down, Leon was down for the count, and Leon’s two friends had been no help at all. Santino wished VIN would wake up. “You have to believe me.”  
Kurma held her tears back so that the girls wouldn’t think she was weak. She held them back because if they fell she would fall with them. Santino and his spawns of hell were her mortal enemies. And now her brother would be too. Santino would need to stay alive to protect Allie; Kurma couldn’t be there for him. She had no idea how to help him. She understood why Santino had dragged him out of the club and stood watching over him, but that didn’t make the situation any easier to accept.  
Kurma backed away. She ran over to her brother and hugged him close, sure to have no skin-to-skin contact. “I love you, baby brother. I hope you can remember this somehow when you wake up,” she whispered in his ear.  
She walked over to the guy being held down by Jackie and O’bellaDonna. “What’s your name?”  
Kosner spoke up, not afraid for the first time in his life. “Call me Daddy.” He laughed in her face.  
“Daddy, huh?” Kurma booted him in the chest so hard she heard a crack as he crumbled underneath the pressure. Jackie and O’bellaDonna let Kosner go and went to stand by Chelsea, wrapping their arms around her. Kurma turned to face Santino one more time. She looked up into his black eyes and saw her own reflection.  
“I want you to know that I hate you. I hate you for what you’ve done and the things you’re going to do,” she said. “I’m only sparing your life because my brother will want answers when he wakes up and realizes he can’t go home. But just remember that we have some unfinished business to take care of.”  
“Don’t go getting your panties in a bunch, Kurma,” said Santino as he hung limply. “You think I give a damn about some vendetta you have against me?”  
“Not you, Santino. All of you. I will make it my mission to kill all of you Phantoms.”  
Santino tried once more to get free. He wanted to rip Kurma’s head off. He was beginning to hate this new person. She was too cocky and too arrogant—too much like him.  
Kurma picked up Leon’s head as she turned to leave. She caught a scent of the blood, and sniffed again and again. Her stomach growled. She was hungry all the time now. Kurma put her nose to the open wound of Leon’s neck. She felt her throat tense as she opened her mouth. What was happening to her? She didn’t eat people like Santino…or did she? She stuck her tongue out and tasted the dripping silver, and savored the flavor.  
“No!” Santino struggled again. “Don’t you dare do it.”  
Kurma did. She almost ripped the corners of her mouth wide as she bit into the meat. She had never tasted anything like it; it was ten times better than bugs. She ate Phantoms—that was to be her food source. Now she had an even better reason to kill them.  
“Rimselda,” she screamed, waving the head high. “I’m going to save you some!”  
Rimselda wasn’t so sure about eating people’s body parts. She would stick to bugs.  
“Jackie, girls, let’s go,” Kurma went on. “We have some Phantoms to hunt for dinner.”  
If she wanted to play this game then so could Santino. He would take her down; as quickly as she rose she could fall again, and Santino wanted to be in the thick of it. If Kurma thought she could go around killing his Phantoms, he would just have to make some more. Kurma was a nobody; he had to keep telling himself that. These girls who followed her around, they were nobodies too. Santino was better than this and would do better next time. Kurma had won this round but she hadn’t won the game.  
“Night night, lover boy,” sang Rimselda. She elbowed Santino in the back of his head as she retracted her daggers from his wrist.  
Santino saw bright lights as his body hit the ground. The last thing he heard was the sound of heels click-clacking away and the last thing he smelled was Kurma, a thick scent of her that he couldn’t shake.  
The night became more obscure, and Santino lost consciousness.  


33.
Seven News Studio Report  


“Is my mic on?” Gill tapped the little black device on his windbreaker twice and looked into the camera. “Testing, testing. Amanda’s apple pie and Binky’s blueberry bottle but Candace’s constant cough couldn’t dare Dean down.”  
The second tech assistant, Baron, cleared him for the sound check and ducked back into the Seven News Studio media van. Terry, the cameraman, signaled the countdown, and Gill cleared his throat and smoothed his hair back.  
“Connie, are you clear in the Seven News Studio?” he asked.  
“Connie here,” she said. “Gill, how are things out there? Can you explain to our worried viewers what the situation is exactly?”  
“I can barely hear you, Connie. The noise level out here is extreme. I can barely hear myself talk as my background continues to spiral out of control.” Gill put a finger in one of his ears. Terry’s script flew away, and Gill cursed loudly.  
“Watch out, Terry!” he yelled.  
Terry had almost been sideswiped by an irate Phantom, and the camera’s line of vision shifted. He kept on rolling, and Gill crouched low to the ground, trying to stay out of harm’s way.  
“To the citizens of Alexandria: stay inside. I repeat, stay inside,” he yelled. “There are men and women who are roaming the city’s streets, and they can hurt you!”  
“ Gill, there’s been an extraordinary increase in 911 calls, so much that the phone lines are now being held up and service has yet to be restored ,” said Connie. “What can you see outside that we here in the studio can’t?”  
“There are riots, and acts of violence against whomever. No one is safe outside at this time.” Gill was beginning to lose his breath. He was trying to half duck walk and crawl undercover while filming. “I’ve personally seen two men attacked and a woman and her child knocked over as gangs raided stores and other businesses.”  
A loud scream came from behind Gill, and he immediately dropped to the ground. “Connie,” he said as he tried to regain his composure, “all the police are out in the city tonight, trying to keep the peace, and for those who don’t want peace, there’s the RAID team.”  
“So you think that by tomorrow this whole thing will blow over?” Connie asked.  
Gill tapped his earpiece and heard static. “Connie, I didn’t catch that. But what I will say is that by tomorrow the streets will be clear. The Alexandria police department and RAID team will work relentlessly until this problem is under control. Until then the city of Alexandria will be under security level red.”    
The news van door opened, and Baron poked his head out. “We lost the station’s signal.”  
Gill was confused. He had never heard of a lost signal before, even in the hurricane seasons. He signaled to Terry for the wrap-up.  
“Now let’s have an update Connie. Back to you in the Seven News Studio,” Gill said. “I pray we all have a safe and sound night.”  
Running back to the van, he almost knocked over Terry, who was trying to scramble in from the chaos outside.  
“They don’t pay me enough to cover a story like this!” Terry screamed.  
“What’s going on with the station?” asked Gill.  
Baron looked too scared to talk. He was turning dials on his equipment, trying to pick up any signal from the station. “The line went dead about two minutes ago. I haven’t been able to get contact with the executives or the producers ever since.” He suspected the worst.  
Gill laughed nervously. “They’re probably getting a high volume of demands right now. You know how it gets when juicy news comes in. Let’s just go back to the station. I’m sure everything will be just how we left it.”  
Baron had left out one important part. “There was one radio signal I heard before the line went down.”  
“See?” Gill cheered up. “Terry, take the Holland Tunnel back to the station.”  
“Gill,” Baron said. “I heard people screaming. I could hear them being ambushed. I don’t think there’s a studio to go back to.”  
The van rocked suddenly as people on the street rushed by, running amuck. Gill could have been knocked over by a feather. What was going to happen to all of them?  




34.
Pandemonium  


Inis barged through his apartment’s front door, scaring Fae half to death. He had been crying the whole time he’d run home. His eyes were bloodshot and his legs burned; he had to have run at least seven miles to get back to south Alexandria. All around him people had been coming out of their homes to see what all the commotion was about. Inis had run past them. He’d dodged the hungry-looking men with their sharp teeth and horrid skin. He’d run in the street, out of the street, in the bike lane; he’d hopped over parked cars and jumped meters but avoided the sidewalks where people were being attacked. He remembered what had happened to his brother in the club—he’d been attacked and dragged off to God knew where. Inis had had to be smarter than the people outside. He’d wanted to be with his mom, protecting her as he hadn’t protected Allie.  
Now he dropped on the couch, breathless and sweaty. His tears had dried on his face like old riverbeds. He was distraught and didn’t know how to break the news to his already sensitive mother.  
Fae walked over to the door and quickly shut it. She turned to her son and knew something terrible had happened. “Where is Allie?”  
Inis ignored her as if he were deaf.  
“Where have you just come from?”  
That Inis could answer. “From the Flora Plume Club over in east Alexandria.”  
Fae wasn’t even surprised. What was wrong with all her kids? Somehow they were getting away from her, and she didn’t know how to get them back. She lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply. “When is Allie coming home then?”  
Inis couldn’t bear the sound of his brother’s name. He had let someone take him right from his hands. He had lost Kurma in the crowd too. He was useless; he felt empty and hollow. He couldn’t control the dry sobs that came from him. “He’s gone, Mami. I don’t know if I’m ever going to see him again.”  
Fae stubbed out her cigarette and lit another one. She came closer to her son and looked into his face. “Tell me what happened, and you’d better get your story straight or so help me…” Her mouth trembled, and sweat began to coat her upper lip.  
“You haven’t been watching the news?” Inis cried. “It’s all outside. Just open these blinds and get your damn head out of the sand!”  
Fae slapped Inis full in the mouth and raised her hand again, prepared to backslap him but couldn’t. She was so tired—of her life, of losing her kids, of being all alone and holding everything together.  
Inis brushed his mother aside and turned the TV on. He flipped through a few channels until he reached the news. He returned to the couch and made his mother sit and watch. She felt light in his hands, her body so fragile and weak from her misery. Inis turned the volume up and waited for the report.  
Fae’s eyes glossed over as she stared at the yellow and blue screen. An emergency announcement was on, but the newsroom appeared empty except for an Asian female announcer. If it weren’t for the burgundy scarf around her neck that warmed her facial features, she would have had a very serious face. The camera zoomed in from the left and panned across, showing the dimly lit newsroom.  
When the announcer finally spoke, her voice came out clear and distinct. “This is Connie Yu from the Seven News Studio, and I have an emergency news report for the citizens of Alexandria. It has been reported that a dangerous outbreak of maiming and deadly assaults has occurred in the east, downtown, and particularly on the south side of Alexandria.”  
Connie paused dramatically and pulled Fae in even more.  
“We go now to Gill, who is on the scene and who will be able to give us a firsthand account of exactly what is going on in our beloved city. Gill?”  
“Connie, are you there in the Seven News Studio?” asked Gill.  
“Connie here,” she said. “Gill, how are things out there? Can you explain to our worried viewers what the situation is exactly?”  
“I can barely hear you, Connie. The noise level out here is extreme. I can barely hear myself talk as my background continues to spiral out of control. Watch out, Terry!” Gill turned back to the camera. “To the citizens of Alexandria: stay inside. I repeat, stay inside. There are men and women who are roaming the city’s streets, and they can hurt you!”  
“ Gill, there’s been an extraordinary increase in 911 calls, so much that the phone lines are now being held up and service has yet to be restored ,” said Connie. “What can you see outside that we here in the studio can’t?”  
“There are riots, and acts of violence against whomever. No one is safe outside at this time.” Gill was beginning to lose his breath. “I personally saw two men attacked and a woman and her child knocked over as a gang raided a store. Connie, all the police are out in the city tonight trying to keep the peace, and for those who don’t want peace then there’s the RAID team.”  
“So you think that by tomorrow this whole thing will blow over?” Connie asked.  
The newsroom lights flickered, and Connie frowned. “Gill, are you there?”  
Fae watched as Connie placed her finger to her earpiece. She signaled her producers and gave a shout that made Fae jump on the couch. Connie looked petrified.  
Inis moved forward on the couch as he saw the anchorwoman’s facial expression. His heart stopped and his blood froze. He watched Connie jump out of her seat and hightail it from the camera’s view.  
Fae screamed in Inis’s ear, “What’s happening?”  
Inis tried to hold his mother down. There was a ruckus going on in the Seven News Studio. The cameras hadn’t stopped rolling, and their microphones were picking up noises. Inis heard screaming and running and men shouting. There were cries of pain and terror as men big as beasts ran across the camera’s field of view. Fae’s eyes bugged out, and she grabbed on to her son.  
Inis watched as the producers in the studio were bitten into as his brother had been, and he thought he would be sick. His body tensed up as everything registered in his mind. Men and women alike were being attacked and eaten on national television, and the single camera caught everything.  
The studio went completely dark. Electrical wires sparked repeatedly, which only intensified Inis’s dread. Fae’s cigarette had almost burned out; the ash was long as her nails. But she couldn’t take her eyes away from the screen. She didn’t know what was going to pop out of the dark at her.  
There was movement in front of the camera, and a voice called out from the dark. “Get the lights. I want the people to see this.”  
A light came on in the distance, and a warped figure appeared where Connie had been sitting. He was bloody and dressed in black. Inis could tell he was big; he took up half of the screen. His eyes were black like onyx and glassy. He was completely bald, and his ears were pinned back, giving him an intense facelift. His nose seemed too straight, as if someone had pinched it off, and his mouth was a deep color, his lip big and full. It was his teeth that stood out the most, though. There were rows of them, all gleaming white and pointed, and resembling piranha teeth.  
“Oh my God,” Fae and Inis said in unison. “Santino!” they screamed.  


35.
Kill to Eat  


Santino directed Kosner to move the camera closer to the podium.  
“Right there,” he said. He looked squarely into the camera and gave a big, toothy grin.  
Santino, Kosner, and VIN had all left the pier bruised and battered, with Allie in tow. They were now in the Seven News Studio in downtown Alexandria. Santino had opened the door and let his newborns in. He needed them to clear everybody else out of the building while he got his message out to the city of Alexandria and, more importantly, to Kurma. He didn’t care where she was hiding out or where her pack of cronies laid low; all he wanted was for her to know that he was coming for her—he and the whole army of Phantoms that he would create. If Kurma wanted a war, she would have it.  
Santino wasn’t going to turn himself in. Why should he? Kurma was going around killing his Phantoms. Who was going to stop her? He was! And, he knew just how to do it.  
“Settle down, settle down out there,” Santino said. “To all my viewers: yes, what you see is real. I am really on the news. The time is now eleven o’clock on Friday the eighteenth.” He leaned back in his chair. “People, I am what you call a Phantom. I’m very much as hideous as I look. Outside there are more things like me running around, tearing the place up.” He paused and leaned toward the camera. “You can stay inside all you want, but we’ll find a way in. Understand this, Alexandria: I am a Phantom, and when I touch someone else”—he held up his right hand—“they turn into a Phantom like me.”  
He laughed. “You see, I’m contagious. I can spread and I will spread, all over the city until I have completely taken control.”  
He rose out of his chair, and Kosner had to adjust the camera’s angle. Santino said, “People of Alexandria, unless you become one of me and join my side, you will forever be on the bottom of the food chain. That’s right.” Santino’s voice became deeper. “I will eat you. All the Phantoms will gorge on the bodies of this city until it is bled dry and the bones have disintegrated into dust. Then I will move on to the next city and then the next. Think I’m lying?”  
Santino walked around the newsroom desk and marched right up to the camera that Kosner was steadying. “Look outside, people of Alexandria. This is not a game. I am not the only one you have to fear. There are more things out there that are worse than I am—or at least almost worse than I am.”  
His faced hardened as he thought of Kurma and how she had killed Leon. “To Karmenia Rosales, also known as Kurma.” He smiled into the camera. “Because of you and your little birdies, Alexandria now has to suffer—and it will.”  
Santino backed away from the camera and yelled to VIN, who was standing in the studio’s green room. “You can bring him now!”  
Santino looked back into the camera and made room for VIN, who was dragging a man on his back. VIN left the man by Santino’s feet. Santino roughly picked the guy up and brought his face to the camera. They stood shoulder to shoulder, Santino smiling and the man crying.  
“I want to show you what I can do to all of you who think I’m lying. Join me as my new friend has. You won’t be disappointed.”  
Kosner caught the man’s transmutation on camera for everyone to see, just as Santino wanted him to. Santino wanted people either to join him or fear him. He wanted them to see exactly what he was—what regular people weren’t. Whatever Kurma was, he wasn’t, and that was obvious. Whatever he was, she wasn’t. That was all that mattered.  
There were clear sides to be on: winning and losing. Kurma could walk around being smug all she wanted. Santino would gain more Phantoms that would destroy her and all like her. Either you became a Phantom and helped kill off Kurma and her friends or became Santino’s food. Santino would let the citizens of the city decide. He didn’t care. Humans were not his concern any more than a cat or dog would be.  
Santino dropped the man on the ground when the mutation was complete. “There’s room for plenty more like him.” He opened his arms wide and welcoming. “Kurma, I’m coming for you.” He pointed at the camera with a long, purple-tipped finger. “We’re all coming for you!”  
Santino grabbed the camera out of Kosner’s hands and smashed it on the ground, shattering glass everywhere. Then he walked off, and Kosner followed…and so did Santino’s newborn Phantom.  


36.
The After Hours  


“What do you think will happen to us?” asked Jackie. She and the girls had relocated to the stone museum in the park, avoiding the train station all together. “Think we can ever go back to Snowhill?”  
O’bellaDonna hung by the hole in the wall that resembled a window. “Never. The Jeers have probably elected a new leader by now.” She tossed a rock up in the air, feeling bored and hungry. “I hope Kurma has a plan.”  
“She does,” Rimselda said. “She told me that the first thing she’s going to do is take over the mayor’s office.”  
“Get the hell out of here,” Jackie said. That was too high up there. But she was definitely down for the thrill. Last night had been crazy to say the least. She was still reeling from learning how to change back and forth between her Raptor form and her human body. “There’s so much we can do, the five of us. For sure we’ll be unstoppable.”  
O’bellaDonna agreed. Her mind shot off a hundred ideas of where she could go and what she could do. She smiled to herself. “Rimselda, teach me how to change into a Raptor.”  
Chelsea and Jackie had turned into Raptors when they’d reached the park. O’bellaDonna had been too exhausted from running through half the city and had instantly fallen asleep. She was up now and ready to start her new life. “I bet I’ll look so hot when I’m Raptored.”  
“I’m the cutest Raptor, hands down,” Chelsea yelled up from the bottom of the crumbling stairs. She had refused to sleep on the second level, afraid that it would collapse under all their weight.  
Jackie yelled down at her. “Just because you have pink wings doesn’t make you the cutest!”  
O’bellaDonna and Rimselda laughed.  
“Let Kurma show you,” said Rimselda. “She’s the best teacher for all that.”  
“Well, where is she?” asked O’bellaDonna. “I haven’t seen her at all since we’ve been up. I’m ready to get this party started!” O’bellaDonna stood up and ran around the circular room, pretending to spar with an imaginary person.  
Rimselda rested on the floor and looked up at O’bellaDonna. She could have showed her, but had thought better of it. “She went on the roof. I think she doesn’t want to be bothered right now.”  
O’bellaDonna stopped sparring and gave an exasperated groan. “So what do we do now? We just have to sit around until she feels better?”  
Rimselda knew O’bellaDonna could get very competitive, and enjoyed every minute of her not being able to command her Raptor state. She put her arms behind her head and got comfortable. This would be a long and hectic ride with all these girls.  
“Rimy!” screamed O’bellaDonna.  
But Rimselda only tuned her out and waited for Kurma to return.  


37.
BlueK Dynasty  


The high pine trees blocked out the sun long enough in Dover Park Square. Kurma had to fly atop the stone museum’s slated roof to catch a glimpse of the first sun rays. She sat by herself, knees to her chest, naked in her human form. Her hair hung limply down her back, adding warmth to her skin. From the roof she could see the skyscrapers of downtown Alexandria. She heard the screams from the inner city and knew things hadn’t died down. The park was her little haven for the time being, but even that wouldn’t last.  
Kurma looked at the tallest building, the Olivares Tower. It housed the most important individuals in the city: government officials, millionaires, and business tycoons. If they were smart they would have left the city last night. The Olivares Tower would be ripe for picking, and more importantly for living.  
If Kurma planned on building anything then she needed a headquarter—one as splendid and exclusive as the Olivares Tower. Here in Dover Square, she was too exposed, too open. Santino could easily scour the city looking for her, planning an attack for his revenge. She had to be smarter than him. She would need a fortress, more Raptors, and power to keep the Phantoms at bay so she could build her Raptor legacy.  
Kurma had high hopes for her new life. It had only been seven days since she had been transformed into a Raptor. She was still here. Nothing had defeated her so far. She had battled Phantoms and Jeers, and had formed a solid assemblage of Raptors. Whatever had caused her and Santino’s changes had opened up Pandora’s Box, and out had popped Phantoms and Raptors. Kurma had stumbled onto an entire area that had yet to be seized. She was the first of her kind, and Santino was the first of his kind. She had every intention to win, to create a world where she made the decisions and rules, and where Raptors came first. This was only the beginning. Kurma was a young leader in the making. She would create a dynasty, the BlueK Dynasty and be the first Raptor ruler there ever was.  
Kurma transformed. She stood up with her head high and spread her blue wings, then flew up off the roof, aiming straight for the heavens with the sun against her back.

