Owl Flight
Season One
E. L. Scott

Owl Flight: Season One

E. L. Scott

Book 1 in the OWL FLIGHT fantasy series

Text-Copyright 2014 E. L. Scott

http://www.elscottwrites.com

Smashwords Edition

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return at your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Episode One: Secrets
The carriage finally came to a halt. Vianez Atil felt her stomach lunged forward at the unannounced stop. 
“Me first! I want to see it first!” Annon, one of Vianez’s younger brothers, pushed his older brother, Tam, aside, trying desperately to see out of the carriage window and grab for the door handle.
“Just wait a minute son,” Reynold Atil said in a deep voice. He put his hand over Annon’s closed fist. “Should we let Mother see first?”
“Well…” Annon said.
“Oh come on, Annon. Let’s let Mother see.” Tam puffed up his chest and straightened his back.
Reynold smiled at his oldest son. 
“If you all insist.” Blana raised from her seat as her oldest two boys shouted, “Yes, yes.” She reached for the carriage door and Reynold put his hand on her back as she stepped out.
Vianez heard her mother say, “Oh my,” and strained herself not to turn to look. It was her father’s fault they had to leave Pelmon. Now more than 1000 miles away, Vianez wondered when or if she would ever again see the place she had lived in for the past sixteen years. It had taken her family more than two weeks to travel to their new home and that had been with her father’s magic. She could hardly manage the same feat.
Reynold leaned back as Tam and Annon shot through the carriage door and let out whoops of excitement. He smiled at Vianez and carefully picked up Crimson as to not wake him.
“You want to come take a look?”
“Right behind you.” She tried to smile but was sure it came out more of a grimace. If her father noticed, he gave no sign and maneuvered his large frame out of the carriage, watching Crimson’s head as he did so.
Vianez signed and pushed herself away from the plush seat that had been her temporary home for sixteen days. She ducked and moved towards the door frame of the metal contraption.
Since her mother had drawn the carriage windows in hopes her two youngest would nap, the sunlight stung Vianez’s eyes as she stepped outside. She blinked rapidly, and her vision came into focus in time for her to watch Tam and Annon run into a cottage that must have been white at some point, but was now stained with a mustard covering and surrounded by empty flower beds. 
“Well, this looks like an adventure,” Reynold said, smiling at his wife and daughter. 
“It will definitely be the start of something new,” Blana replied. She took Crimson from Reynold’s arms and walked into the cottage behind her other sons. Reynold put his left hand on Vianez’s shoulder, patted her back, and then followed the rest of his family. 
Vianez looked around at her surroundings. She could just barely make out the edge of the dark town. She counted almost seven buildings and recognized the road the carriage sat upon would lead straight through the middle of town. 
Where there wasn’t sign of life, a large forest sprung up. The trees were thickly knitted together. Even though it was only the end of August, almost all the trees had lost their leaves and there seemed to be a lack of the sound animal life Vianez had come to expect from the forests in Pelmon. The trees appeared to quiver in the wind, but then Vianez realized there wasn’t any wind. She shuddered and turned back towards the cottage.
“Welcome to Owl Flight,” Vianez mumbled under her breath as she stepped over the threshold of her new home.
***
“I spoke to your teacher today. His name is Bryant Kazmin.” The family was gathered around the dinner table eating leftover stew from the night before. Crimson was trying his best to get the stew from the spoon to his mouth.
“Whose teacher?” Vianez asked swallowing the chunky liquid. 
“All of you. Well, not Crimson of course.” Reynold smiled at Crimson, who smiled back, letting the stew he had finally captured slip out. He let out a cry and Blana hurried over to him.
“What do you mean all of us? Tam and Annon can’t be in the same class as me.”
“Owl Flight doesn’t have the luxury of having a teacher for every age group. I’m told Mr. Kazmin is very capable of teaching children of all ages and magical abilities. Don’t worry Vianez. I informed Elders Eleni and Ibis you’ve become proficient in your spelling abilities.”
“Is Mr. Kazmin a witch like you, Father?” Tam said. 
“Yes. So he’ll be able to guide you as you develop your witchcraft.”
“Not everyone in town is a witch though, are they?” Annon said.
“Was everyone in Pelmon a witch?” Tam shot back.
“No.” Annon said.
“Owl Flight is no different,” Reynold said, looking at Annon.
“Besides Annon, we’re not really witches either.” Tam was reaching across the table for more stew which was just out of his reach.
“Are too.”
“Mother’s an elf dummy. That means we’re half witch, half elf.”
“I know that. I’m not a dummy.” 
“That’s enough,” Blana said. “When do the children start school?”
“Monday. Early morning,” Reynold said. 
“That gives you a few more days to help me finish the unpacking.” She smiled at her children and pulled Crimson out of the chair Reynold had made so he could sit at the table and eat with his family. 
Vianez pushed the leftovers of her stew aside and left the table as well. She ran up the stairs passed her mother, threw open her bedroom door, and slammed it shut again. She sat down on her bed and pulled out the nova her father had given her as a baby. She held the small orb in her hand, enjoying the cool surface against her skin. She place it on her bedside table and whispered, “sidus.” The orb glowed to a soft blue and the shadows of stars filled the room. Vianez lay in bed watching the stars slowly revolve around the room. She figured she would have to continue to go to school. She never expected her father would let her stay home from her studies. “You have the makings to be so much more than a witch,” he had always said to her. Right. And when is that supposed to happen? With that last thought, she rolled over onto her side and fell asleep.
***
“Vianez, come on! I don’t want to be late.” Tam was at the bottom of the stairs doing a remarkable impression of their mother who would tap her foot when she was impatient.
“You realize it’s a five minute walk right?” Vianez yelled from the washroom as she fiddled with her hair in the silver mirror. 
“Father says it’ll take us ten to twelve minutes!”
“Wow,” Vianez mumbled, “a whole ten minutes.”
Blana was in the washroom doorway. “Hurry up, Vianez. Don’t tease him. You know how he likes to make a good impression.”
“Then let him go with Annon.”
“I want you all to go together on the first day. Please.”
“Fine.” With one last flick at her hair, she brushed past her mother and headed down the stairs where Tam and Annon were waiting. Annon had Vianez’s pack in his hand and she rubbed his head when he handed it to her. “You’re both ready, right?”
Tam’s eyes looked like they were about to bulge out of his head.
Vianez laughed. “Then let’s go.”
The town didn’t feel any less threatening in the bright morning sun than it had on the evening the Atil family arrived in Owl Flight. Vianez could hardly tell the difference between the shops that had opened up already and the ones that were still closed. 
The schoolhouse was located near the other end of town along the main road that ran straight through. It was a rather large building for the small number of children and teenagers who were there. Vianez and her brothers walked to a corner of the room where there were still some bright yellow and purple cushions available. 
“Don’t they have to sit at desks?” Annon asked, looking around at the faces that were following the Atil trio.
“Guess not,” Vianez whispered. “Let’s just sit.”
There only seemed to be three other students that Vianez thought were close to her age. The majority of the other dozen all appeared to be young children, closer to Annon’s age, and a few may have been about eleven or twelve years old like Tam. 
Vianez was in the middle of taking in everyone’s appearances and postures when the door to the schoolhouse opened and closed with a snap. 
“Good morning!” The tall man who had entered the room called out.
“Good morning, Mr. Kazmin!” everyone but Vianez, Tam, and Annon said.
“Looks like we have the Atil clan joining us today! Excellent. Your father has spoken highly of your witching abilities.” He walked over to the three, and Vianez grabbed her brothers’ elbows and lifted them with her to stand before their new teacher. 
“You must be Vianez,” Mr. Kazmin said bowing to her. She returned the bow. “And let’s see, this is Tam, yes? Excellent. And Annon. An honor to meet you.” He bowed again and walked back towards the front of the room.
Mr. Kazmin turned to look at his students. “Who here has ever been angry?”
The students looked around the room as though it was a trick questions, then slowly, everyone raised their hand except Annon who only raised his when Tam elbowed him in the ribs.
“As anyone ever been sad?” Again, all hands raised. “Happy? Excited? Scared?” With each emotion Mr. Kazmin called out, everyone in the room raised their hand. “Okay, now think hard about this one. When feeling any of these emotions, or maybe even a combination of these emotions, have you ever experienced a magical phenomenon you didn’t initiate?”
A thick, dark skinned boy was the first to raise his hand. Slowly, Vianez and the other older students, including Tam, raised theirs. The younger children seemed confused though, looking around at each other.
“Let me explain,” Mr. Kazmin said. “Has anyone ever done any kind of magic without meaning to?”
“Oh,” Annon whispered to himself and raised his hand. The rest of the young children raised their hands as well after working out what Mr. Kazmin had meant.
“You can put your hands down. How did this make you feel? Anyone?”
A girl who looked even younger than Annon stood up.
“Yes, Nara?”
“I don’t like it when magic jumps out of me. Or when I don’t know it’s there, and then it sneaks up and it scares me. I don’t like changing.”
“Thank you, Nara. I can understand that completely. When I was your age, magic used to sneak up on me too, and since I didn’t know how to direct it, it would fly out of me and bounce all over the room.”
Some of the children giggled at Mr. Kazmin’s animated expressions and gestures. 
“What did she mean by changing?” Tam whispered to Vianez.
“I don’t know. Be quiet. I’m trying to listen.”
Mr. Kazmin started pacing the room, looking at all his students. “I hope you all realized that everyone in here gets scared or angry or even sometimes so excited, they don’t have control over their magical abilities. And that’s okay. That’s why when we’re young, we’re taught how to direct magic and only use it when we need it.” His voice lowered. “That’s what we are going to work on this week: control.” Mr. Kazmin clapped his hands and said loudly once more, “Break up into age groups! And be sure you introduce yourselves to our new friends.”
Vianez wandered over to the other teenage girl in the room who had stood up, but hadn’t made any effort to join the two teenage boys. “Um, hi. I’m Vianez.”
The girl smiled. She brushed a lock of turquoise hair from her face. “Penora. I’m sixteen. How old are you?”
“Sixteen too. It’s nice to meet you. Should we pair up with them?” She nodded her head in the direction of the two boys who were talking to each other but hadn’t paid the slightest attention to Vianez or Penora.
“I suppose. I don’t particularly enjoy working with them. Cyprian, the shorter of the two, is a real bully. He just turned eighteen, but Mr. Kazmin says he can stay in class. I wished he’d leave though.” 
“And the other boy?”
“Tenoch. He’s about seventeen. He’s not so bad. I sometimes refer to him as ‘willow’ because he’s so tall and skinny; he looks like he’ll blow over if he ever gets caught in a windstorm.”
They walked over to the boys.
“Hi, I’m—”
“The new girl.” The dark skinned boy Penora had pointed out as Cyprian looked up and down at Vianez like she was a bug he wanted nothing more than to smash.
“Vianez, actually,” Vianez shot back at him then looked at Tenoch. “You’re Tenoch?”
Tenoch turned red and bowed. Vianez and Penora both returned the greeting.
Cyprian’s eyes seemed to glow, but before Vianez had any time to register more than this, Mr. Kazmin’s hand was on her shoulder. “I want you all to introduce yourselves to Vianez and get to know each other. I know this group will have had more practice and experience controlling your abilities; share with each other.” He patted Cyprian’s back and moved on to another group.
“Cyprian. I control magic when it suits me, but I don’t see any problem with letting out a little steam now and then.”
“Are you a witch?” Vianez asked.
“No.”
When he didn’t elaborate any further, Vianez said, “Okay. Whatever. Well, I am half a witch and half an elf, but my witch abilities are more dominant. I can’t see the future like some elves can, but I can sense...things...sometimes. It’s something I’m trying to develop more. It’s hard to explain.”
“We noticed.” Cyprian sneered at her.
“Okay, what is your problem?”
Penora put a hand on her arm. “Just ignore him. He’s like that with everyone. I think Tenoch and Cyprian already know this, but I’m a mixed breed too. My father’s a shape shifter, and I have his gift, and my mother is a fae, so she’s half fairy, half non-magical human.”
“I can’t believe they still let not magical humans live on our lands,” Cyprian said more to Tenoch than Vianez or Penora. 
Tenoch looked at Vianez. “Cyprian and I are witches.” Cyprian looked as though he wanted to interject and insist on not being a witch as he had earlier, but Tenoch looked at him and said, “Just drop it. Stop acting like you’re better than everyone here.”
“So Vianez, you lose control of your magic still?” Tenoch asked her.
“Yes, but I’m getting better. Father says I have the makings of being a great witch if I focus more.”
“What do you do when you can’t control it?”
“Nothing, actually. Father says it’s best to ride out those moments and learn from them, so if you are in that situation again, you’ll be prepared.”
“I wish my father felt the same,” Penora said. “He’s so focused on me controlling every aspect of my magic that I can only change to a certain degree. I mean, name anything, and he can changed into it. But the best I can do is color my hair and blend in with my surroundings.”
“Camouflage isn’t anything to be disappointed about,” Tenoch said.
“Maybe your father is making you too anxious to embrace being out of control,” Cyprian said.
“I thought we were talking about how to control our powers, not let them run rampant.” Mr. Kazmin was standing next to Vianez’s group. 
“We’ve decided that letting loose isn’t a negative contribution to our abilities,” Tenoch said.
“And if someone gets hurt?” Vianez noticed he was looking more at Cyprian, but Tenoch answered.
“Then you learn and make sure it doesn’t happen again.”
Mr. Kazmin drew his gaze from Cyprian who hadn’t yet blinked and looked at Tenoch. “Then I would hope you can live with the consequences. Not all injuries can be reversed.” He moved to the middle of the room. “All right. I think this takes us to our lunch break. We’ll be working outside after lunch. You have one hour. Do with it what you will. Everyone twelve years of age and under needs to stay in here please.”
“Dang it,” Vianez heard Tam say across the room.
“Basically that means only the four of us can leave for lunch,” Penora said, smiling. “Did you bring something to eat?”
“Yes.”
“Me too. Want to go outside and have lunch?”
“Sure.”
“I guess that means we’re not invited?” Cyprian was smiling. “I brought my lunch too.”
“No you didn’t,” Penora said. “You’re going to talk Eshe and Anochi into letting you in their saloon. Come on, Vianez.”
As they walked outside, Vianez asked, “Where are all the leaves? In Pelmon, the trees don’t lose their leaves until October or November.”
“I’ve noticed the weather is strange here. But I can’t give you anything more than that. We’ve only been here six months.”
“You and your family?”
“Yes. I don’t have any siblings. It’s just Father, Mother, and me. We moved here because of my father’s work. Do you just have the two brothers?”
“No, I have one more brother, Crimson. He’s only three though. But he’s learning how to get food that is on the counter to fall onto the floor already. Mother says none of us figured that out until we were four or five years old.”
Penora tossed her head and laughed. “I definitely never learned how to do anything like that, but I started being able to mimic my surroundings when I was still an infant. Mother says sometimes she would go to get me, and my crib would appear empty. Then I’d move and she’d catch me.”
“I wish I could look like I’ve disappeared.”
“It’s not all it cracks up to be. Especially when you don’t want it to happen.”
“What does your father do?” Vianez asked.
“He works on strengthening the borders between our world and the giants. I’ve never lived anywhere longer than two years.”
“Wow. Really? I lived in Pelmon my whole life, but that’s funny your father works on the borders because that’s what my father does too.”
“That’s what he did for sixteen years in Pelmon? How bad were the boarders there?”
“Pelmon doesn’t actually boarder giant territory. He traveled a lot, but usually never anywhere further than a week’s trip. Now that I think about it, I’ve never asked him much about his work.”
“I know what you mean. As long as the giants stay where they are, I’m not going to fuss about it. I guess I’m used to moving and having to make friends often.”
The two had now come to a clearing in the trees where the ground was littered with red, orange, and yellow leaves. Vianez waved her hand across the ground in a circle and the leaves blew away, leaving a small patch of green grass for them to sit on. 
“Nice one,” Penora said.
“Why is Mr. Kazmin taking us outside today?” Vianez said.
“Oh, he’s into learning how to live off of the land.”
“What do you mean?” Vianez took a big bite out of the steak sandwich her mother had prepared.
Penora unwrapped her lunch as well. “You know, learning how to make fire without magic, how to prepare and eat the food that naturally grows in our forests, or being able to bandage wounds without magic. That sort of thing.”
“Why?”
“First of all, not everyone can do magic. I mean, take me for example. Sure, I can, well sort of, shape shift, but I can’t light a fire out of thin air like I’m sure you can.”
Vianez lowered her sandwich. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it. Pelmon had a lot more witches in it. Actually, it had a lot more of everything.”
“Yeah, this is a pretty small place, huh?”
“I guess when you put it that way about not everyone being able to do magic, it’s not such a bad thing to learn those skills.” Vianez swallowed the last bite of her lunch and stood up. Holding out her hand to Penora, she lifted Penora onto her feet.
“You know, Vianez,” Penora said as they walked back towards the school, “it might not be a bad thing to learn how to do without magic, even if you are a witch.”
***
The next two weeks continued just as that Monday had for Vianez and her family. Every morning, she walked with Tam and Annon to school where Mr. Kazmin insisted on his students learn how to control their emotions and magical skills. 
Each morning, the students broke into groups to practice drills Mr. Kazmin had, it appeared, invented himself. He spent the majority of his time with the young children, but found ways to include his oldest four students. Tenoch and Cyprian had agreed (although Vianez suspected unwillingly on Cyprian’s part) to work with Mr. Kazmin and be teachers themselves to the young ones. Vianez and Penora worked mostly on their own, but occasionally joined Tam’s group of eleven and twelve year olds. 
After morning exercises, Mr. Kazmin broke for lunch. Vianez and Penora enjoyed the clearing in the forest they had found less than half a mile from the schoolhouse and met there each day for lunch. Vianez found herself growing closer to Penora than she had expected. She had had some amazing friends in Pelmon and had been sure no one in Owl Flight would ever replace them. However, while she didn’t stop missing those friends, Penora helped Vianez miss Pelmon less. 
After lunch, Mr. Kazmin took the children into the forest close to the schoolhouse. In the past two weeks, Vianez had learned how to build a fire (although Tam learned faster and was happy to report this to their mother and father on many occasions), stew oak bark, and harvest a sap from the large glory trees that littered the forests surrounding Owl Flight like starts scattered in the night sky.
On the Thursday night of the second week of school, Vianez informed her parents she would be staying after school the following day.
“So I don’t know if you want Tam and Annon to walk home on their own. It’s not like it’s far. Or you can come to school and walk home with them,” she said, looking at Blana.
“Why are you staying after school?” Reynold asked. 
“Mr. Kazmin needs some help setting up a project for next week, so Penora and I volunteered.”
“You volunteered?” Her father raised his eyebrows.
“Reynold. I think that’s wonderful. I’m glad you are becoming good friends with Penora. Of course you can stay. And since Penora is spending the night, that means you won’t have to walk home alone,” Blana said, shooting her husband a warning look.
“I don’t want you out after dark though,” Reynold said looking grave for the first time that night.
“It’s not a big deal,” Vianez started.
“No, I mean it Vianez. You be home before dark.”
“All right. Thank you.” She stood up and gave her parents each an attempt of a kiss on their cheeks. 
“Goodnight,” her mother called after her. Vianez waved her hand as she walked up the stairs, but didn’t turn around.
***
“Right over there is perfect girls. Thank you. I appreciate your help.”
“You’re welcome, Mr. Kazmin,” Penora said. 
Vianez looked out the window. The sun had already disappeared behind the trees. Only a few rays of light managed to sneak their way into the classroom. “We should go. I promised my father I wouldn’t be out after dark.”
“So you shouldn’t. Either one of you. Well, I thank you again. You enjoy your weekend. I will see you on Monday.” Mr. Kazmin walked Vianez and Penora outside then locked the classroom door. “Goodnight!”
“Goodnight, Mr. Kazmin,” they both called out.
“Hey let’s stop in Necalli’s shop and pick up some candy. It’ll only a take a few extra minutes and it’s on the way.” Penora was pulling out her change purse.
“Oh, ok. I can get the boys something. They’ll like that. Let’s hurry though.”
Necalli looked up in surprise at his shop’s guests. “Out a bit late aren’t we ladies?”
“We just wanted to pick up some candy before we head home for the weekend.”
Necalli looked outside. “Better hurry then. What can I get you?”
Vianez and Penora chose ribbons of blue, white, gold, and green candies. “Do you have any dulcis?” Vianez asked. “Those are Annon’s favorite.”
“Might still have some in the back. Let me check.”
Vianez and Penora set the other candy they had chosen on the counter and looked around Necalli’s shop. In addition to candy, his store had an array of hunting, fishing, and cooking supplies.
A movement outside caught Vianez’s eye. “Penora, look,” she whispered. 
The edged closer to the window. “Oh my!” Penora gasped and put a hand over her mouth. “Is that…?”
Vianez squinted, trying to make her eyes see something different, but she couldn’t. A body was being dragged into the trees near the woods across from Necalli’s shop.
Necalli walked into the room. “Found one last box of them.” 
Vianez jumped; Penora let out a shriek.
“What are you doing near the window? Come back over here. Bloody woods playing tricks, huh? Knew you shouldn’t be out so late.”
Vianez and Penora hastily paid for the candy and turned to head out the door.
“You better hurry home. And stay on the main road!” Necalli shouted after them.
They nodded their heads and let the door to the shop slam behind them.
“Oh my. Oh my. Let’s get out of here.” Penora’s entire body was shaking.
“Don’t you think we should check it out?”
“Check it out? Are you serious? We think we just saw someone get dragged into the forest and you want to check it out? No. Let’s go home.”
“What if they need help?” Vianez had stopped walking.
Penora turned to face her. “What if we end up needing help?”
Vianez looked up at the sky. The moon was already rising and only the slightest trace of daylight lingered. 
“I’m going to go look. I won’t go in far. If we don’t find anything, we’ll head home and tell my father.”
Penora looked around. “Fine. I’ll give us one minute in there, but then we’re leaving.”
“Us?”
“I’m not staying out here to be attacked next.”
“All right.”
They left the main road and followed the direction they had seen the body be dragged. Vianez saw the drag marks first. “Look.”
“Shh! I hear something.” 
Vianez could hear it too. It sounded like leaves crunching. They edged closer to the sound. “Keep an eye out,” Vianez said. She turned to look at Penora. “Oomph.” Vianez’s foot caught something and she fell forward. “Ugh.” She had landed on something wet and soft. 
She pushed herself up with her hands and looked down at what she had fallen on. Her scream was swallowed in the wind; Mr. Kazmin’s glazed eyes stared back at her.
Vianez pushed against the ground with all her might and stumbled backwards into a sitting position. “Oh Penora. Penora?” She jumped up and looked around. She couldn’t see Penora. “Penora!”
“I’m here,” Vianez could hear the quiver in Penora’s voice but still couldn’t see her.
Vianez stood up. “I can’t see you.” She reached out arms. 
“Oh no. I must have changed.”
Vianez realized one of the trees was moving its arms. She moved forward and grabbed Penora. “Are you okay?”
“No.”
“Can you change back?”
“Not right now.”
“Then hold my hand so I don’t lose you.” Vianez pulled Penora over to Mr. Kazmin’s body. What little light the last of the sun and start of the moon gave together highlighted the blood splattered all over the floor. With a sickening twist in her stomach, Vianez realized one of her teacher’s arms had been ripped off and was laying five feet away from the body. 
“Is there—is there any chance he’s—he’s alive?” Penora said, gripping Vianez’s hand so tight she was starting to lose feeling in her fingers. 
Vianez bent over. “I don’t think so. He’s dead.”
“We need—to go—home.”
“We’ve got to tell someone.”
“Yes. From home. Come—on.” Penora pulled at Vianez’s arm, but she didn’t move.
“Who do you think did this?” Vianez said.
“Come on!”
Vianez stood up straight, her back went ridged. “Did you hear that?” The sound of crunching leaves they had followed to Mr. Kazmin’s body was moving closer to them. But then, Vianez realized the sound was coming from at least two different sides. “Run!” she said in into what she assumed was Penora’s face, and they took off.
They ran the entire way to the Atil cottage. Vianez slammed the door open and closed, and both she and Penora sank to the floor. Blana let out a scream and ran to them. “Oh Vianez! Reynold, they’ve been attacked!” Blana was pulling at Vianez’s shirt, and when Vianez looked down, she realized the wetness she had felt was Mr. Kazmin’s blood; her shirt was covered in it. She couldn’t stop herself; she vomited all over the entryway.
***
“I want to hear everything. Don’t leave any details out.” Reynold was standing over Vianez and Penora who were sitting on the couch in clean clothes, wrapped in blankets. Blana had ushered the boys to bed, but Vianez caught Tam out of the corner of her eye. Reynold followed her gaze and bellowed at Tam to get back into his bedroom. 
Blana stood up. “I guess I’ll have to sit with them.”
Vianez took a large gulp of the warm milk her mother had given her and Penora. She looked up at her father. She described helping Mr. Kazmin prepare for the activity he had planned next week. 
Reynold interrupted her. “And he didn’t say what the activity was?”
“Looked like a maze,” Penora whispered, not looking at Reynold.
“Okay. Then what?”
Vianez described them leaving the classroom and wanting to make it home before dark, but then they had thought some candy for the sleepover and for the boys might be nice. “Necalli’s shop was on the way. We weren’t in there long at all.” But then she described how they had seen a body being dragged into the forest and how she had been the one to insist on going to check it out.
“You should have come straight home to tell me. Or even told Necalli. He was right there.”
“I’m sorry. I—”
“Just go on.”
When Vianez finished describing how she and Penora had found Mr. Kazmin’s body and heard something in the forest, Reynold let out a long breath.
“And you didn’t see who or what could have been dragging his body?”
“No.” Vianez wrapped the blanket more tightly around her. “Why would someone do this?”
“I don’t know, dear. Penora, I want to let your parents know about this, but since they know you are here staying the night, I rather not risk going to your house tonight. I will go first thing in the morning however, and the three of you can decide whether you want to stay here tomorrow night as well or go home. You are of course welcomed here.” He looked at Vianez. “Under no circumstances are you to leave this house this weekend without me or my explicit permission. Is that understood?”
“Yes.”
“We will all need to go tomorrow and inform the Elders, of course.”
“Us too?” Penora asked.
“You are the witnesses. The Elders will want an account of what happened in your own words. It is still early, but I think it’s for the best if you go to bed. I’ll tell your mother what you’ve told me, Vianez.”
“Thank you.” Vianez didn’t feel like retelling the story so soon to her mother, who she knew would ask as soon as she had the boys settled.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Vianez finally asked Penora after they had settled down in their beds.
Vianez was lying on her bed, and Blana had brought an extra mattress from the basement of the cottage up and made a bed for Penora on the floor.
“Not really,” Penora said.
“Okay.” It was many hours later before Vianez heard Penora fall asleep however, and even later than that before she allowed herself to be carried off by sleep.
***
“What do you think the Elders will say?” Vianez and Penora were walking with Reynold down the main road of Owl Flight.
“I’m not sure, Vianez.”
“You’ve had dealings with Elders before haven’t you? In Pelmon you did, didn’t you?”
“Yes.”
“Then—”
“Vianez. Don’t worry. The Elders aren’t going to punish you. You saw what you saw, and now you are going to report it. You’re not in trouble, and believe me, there is no way you are suspects. You both just need to tell the truth. ALL of it.”
Reynold raised his eyebrows at Vianez and she ducked her head and mumbled a “yes.”
“Wait for me here.” Reynold walked into an old building that looked like the worship buildings some of the non-magical humans used in Pelmon. Penora sat on the brick ledge that held up the flowerbeds running alongside the front of the building. Vianez faced her.
“Are you going to tell them I was scared and lost control of my shifting?” Penora asked her.
Vianez was taken aback by her comment. “Do you think that matters?”
“I don’t want anyone to know. It doesn’t change what happened.”
Vianez thought about what her father had said about telling the truth. But Penora had a point. Her looking like a tree because she was scared didn’t change what happened to Mr. Kazmin. “I won’t say anything if you don’t want me to.”
“Thanks.”
A low voice growled from within the walls of the building. “Vianez Atil and Penora Albany. You may come inside now.”
They walked to the doors of the building and reached out their hands, but as they did so, the doors swung open. Looking at each other, Vianez took a deep breath and walked in first. They were inside a large chamber room with red lights. Three chandeliers hung from the vaulted ceiling. The crystals in them caught the red light and bounced it around the room. A panel of Elders sat before them. Reynold sat to the side, his back to the girls.
“Come forward, children.” An Elder in a soft green gown with violet robes called to Vianez and Penora.
They moved closer, all too aware of the echo of each footstep.
“I am Elder Eleni. To my left are Elders Xochtil and Ibis. On my right is Elder Etl.”
Remembering their manners, Vianez and Penora bowed low, and each of the Elders tilted their heads downward in recognition. 
“Please tell us what happened. Vianez first,” Elder Eleni said, and she picked up a quail and dipped it in one of the bottles of ink sitting on the table she and the other Elders sat at, poised, and ready to take note of what each young girl had to say.
***
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Reynold asked the girls as they walked back to the Atil cottage. 
“I suppose not,” Penora said when Vianez didn’t respond to him. 
Reynold looked over at his daughter. “What are you thinking about, half cup?”
“What do you think they meant by telling us not to interfere or investigate?”
“I thought it was quite clear. Don’t try to solve this murder. It’s natural for young ones to be curious, but it’s the Elders’ jobs to find out who killed Mr. Kazmin and bring him or her to justice. It isn’t a job for the two of you.”
“Do you want us to forget about it?” Vianez felt a rush of anger surged through her.
“Of course not. What you saw was something no sixteen year old should have to see, but it doesn’t mean you should go sticking your noses into something this brutal or dangerous.”
“Of course we won’t sir,” Penora said. 
“Fine. I wasn’t interested in investigating anyway.” Vianez said and kicked a rock to the side of the road.
***
“You want to investigate don’t you?”
Vianez and Penora were outside in the backyard of the Atil cottage. Vianez was laying on the ground staring at the sky, but Penora was watching her. 
Vianez lifted her head. “Maybe.”
“Is that the same as yes?”
Vianez sat completely up. “Oh all right. Yes. Okay? Yes. I want to know what happened. I’ve never seen or heard of anything like that. Mr. Kazmin was so boring. Why would anyone bother attacking him?”
“I guess it could have been an animal. We haven’t thought of that yet.”
“I haven’t heard anyone talk about animals large enough to do something like this since I’ve been here. In fact, I haven’t seen many animals either. Even small ones. We’re surrounded by forests, shouldn’t animals live here?”
Penora’s mouth opened slightly
“What?” Vianez said.
“I just realized I haven’t seen many animals either in the past six months. I’ve seen horses occasionally with their owners. A stray mouse. But you’re right; a place like this should be crawling with creatures.”
“You see. There is something weird going on, and I want to know what it is. Do you want to help me?”
Penora picked up a few dead leaves from the ground and held them up in her open palm for the wind to take. She looked Vianez in the eye. “Okay.”
***
“Try knocking again.” Penora was standing on the dirt pathway to the Kazmin house. Vianez had drawn the short stick and was on the front porch. She turned around to Penora.
“I’ve knocked three times already.”
“Try once more.”
As Vianez raised her fist a fourth time, the door swung open. A pale woman with dark black curls looked down at Vianez. “Oh. Um. Mrs. Kazmin?”
“Yes.”
“I’m Vianez. This is Penora. We were Mr. Kazmin’s students. We wanted to, um, well…”
Mrs. Kazmin’s eyes softened slightly. “Come on in.”
“Thank you.” Vianez stepped over the threshold with Penora following closely.
The inside of the house mimicked Mr. Kazmin’s classroom. Journals were spread throughout the room along with empty inkwells, broken quills, and a large chalk board with different numbers and symbols written across it. Vianez walked over the board.
“That was my husband’s,” Mrs. Kazmin said as Vianez reached out to touch the board.
Vianez drew her hand into her chest and looked at Mrs. Kazmin. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be rude.”
“He was always trying to solve the ‘problems of this world,’ as he called it. That was just his most recent project. Please, have a seat.”
Vianez and Penora did so. Mrs. Kazmin offered them each a glass of water then sat down as well. 
Penora spoke first. “I’m very sorry about Mr. Kazmin, ma’am. He was always kind to me and a great teacher. I learned a lot from him.”
“Thank you.”
“I did too,” Vianez said, shifting in her seat. “I realize my family has only been here for a few weeks, but I did feel welcomed in Mr. Kazmin’s classroom. Uhh. Ma’am, we were wondering if you’d be willing to share with us if anything about Mr. Kazmin had changed in the last week or so.”
“Changed?”
“What we mean is if he upset anyone or if…” Penora was cut off by a surprising snarl from Mrs. Kazmin.
“You mean if anyone had a reason to kill my husband? I take it you’re the two teenagers the Elders say found his body. Then that would also make you the two teenagers who have been told to mind their own business by the Elders.”
Penora tried to speak up again. “We didn’t mean—”
“Oh yes you did.” Mrs. Kazmin stood up.
Penora and Vianez looked at each other for a second then stood up as well.
“I’m grateful you feel my husband was a fair teacher to you, but I won’t be discussing this any further. My husband should have never tried to change things here. I suggest you don’t either. I’ll see you out now.”
Mrs. Kazmin marched them to the door and once they had cleared the doorway, the door slammed shut and the heard a large bolt inside being turned.
“What was that about?” Vianez asked Penora as they walked back towards the main road. 
“We should have figured she’d be upset. Her husband died only four days ago. We haven’t even held a burial service for him yet. Did you catch what she said though? About him trying to change things?”
“Oh yeah. And his experiments. Trying to solve problems in the town. I told you something isn’t right about this place. Mr. Kazmin knew what it was and tried to change it, and someone killed him because of it.”
“And what’s going to happen to us if we keep poking our noses in it?”
“Oh come on, Penora. We’ll just play the curious teenagers who are distraught over the loss of their teacher. No one is going to pay attention to us. Hold it.”
They were standing outside one of the shabbier saloons in town. Rather than facing the main road, it faced the road that led to the Kazmin home.
“You think Mr. Kazmin ever stopped for a drink on his way home from school?” Vianez asked Penora. 
“Probably. But I rather not go in there and ask. That’s the saloon Cyprian always goes in.”
“We’ll be quick. Come on.” Vianez grabbed Penora’s arm and pulled her off the road and into the building.
“We don’t sell to minors,” a cool voice called from behind the bar. It was too dark to make out who it was, but the person was tall and slender and sounded female.
“We’re looking for some answers,” Vianez said, walking closer to where the woman stood and continuing to pull Penora with her.
“At the bottom of a glass?” The woman laughed.
“No. About one of your customers.” Vianez had lowered her voice now that she was close enough to see the woman’s face. 
The woman’s mouth thinned. “And who would that be?”
Vianez elbowed Penora who squeaked, “Mr. Kazmin.”
The woman looked between the two girls then yelled over her shoulder. “Anochi!”
A man stepped out of the back. He looked so similar to the woman, Vianez would have mistaken them for each other in the dark. “Yes, Eshe?”
“These young ladies are looking for answers about their poor teacher, Mr. Kazmin.”
Anochi scratched his head. “Mr. Kazmin? Oh yeah. The school teacher.”
“That’s what I just said.”
“Well, he used to come in here. But I guess he won’t no more, will he.” Anochi let out a laugh that caused the hair on Vianez and Penora’s arms to stand on end. 
“Yes. Well. Did he ever get into arguments with anyone?” Vianez said. She was trying to sound brave even though her knees were starting to give out on her.
“Kept to himself,” Eshe said.
“Did he ever talk about trying to...change things?” Vianez said.
Anochi and Eshe both turned to her like dogs on a wounded rabbit. “What did you just say?” Anochi said harshly, his drawl of stupidity forgotten. 
“Um, nothing. I’m sorry.” Both girls started to back away.
Anochi changed his demeanor once more. “Don’t be shy. I didn’t mean to upset you. Rough environment, you know? You worried about your teacher? Come talk to us.” 
Vianez was surprised to see Penora’s weight shift to her left foot as she leaned forward to take a step towards him. Recognizing Anochi’s magic for what it was, she shouted. “I’m sorry we bothered you. We have to head home anyway.” At the word “home” Penora seemed to regain control of herself. She shook her head as if she was trying to dislodge water from her ears. 
Eshe walked from behind the bar. “There’s no hurry.” But her eyes turned orange as she closed the gap between herself and the girls.
Vianez yelled, “Yes there is! Sorry, but we’re late!” She grabbed Penora and they both ran out of the saloon. 
“Don’t stop running!” Vianez said to Penora. They pelted towards the main road and headed towards the Atil cottage. They didn’t stop until the cottage was in sight. Vianez slowed down first and fell onto the grass in the front yard. Penora stopped next to her and came down on her knees gasping for air.
“What the hell was that?” Penora gasped once she found her breath.
Vianez shook her head. “Don’t know. So stupid.” She rolled onto her back.
Penora looked around. “Should we go inside first?”
“Okay. Help me up.”
They stumbled into the house. “Lunch is on the table,” they heard Blana call from the kitchen. “You’re just in time.” 
“Can we eat upstairs?”
“We?” Blana came into the living room holding a pot in one hand and a yellow hand towel in the other. “Oh, hi Penora. I didn’t know you were coming over.”
“I’m sorry Mrs. Atil.”
“It’s all right.” Blana gave Vianez a quick glance. “I have plenty of food. So upstairs huh? You’ve been spending a lot of time by yourself, Vianez.”
“I’m—we’re—still upset Mother. It’s something you can’t make me forget in a day.”
Blana lowered the pan. “All right. I’m doing dishes though, you’ll have to make yourselves plates and take it up. And don’t you let me find a single crumb up there.”
“I never do.”
***
“I think your mom is just worried about you.” Vianez and Penora were lying on their backs on the floor in Vianez’s room. The sandwiches were gone and Vianez had zapped the floor twice for good measure to ensure no crumbs were left behind.
“She just wants to know everything. Why do elves want to know everything?”
“I don’t know. We lived near a colony of elves once while we lived in Forum, but we were only there three months, and the elves seemed to want to keep to themselves.”
Vianez nodded her head. “My mother grew up in Quod, and that’s where she met my father. They moved to Pelmon after they got married, and the rest is boring, or something like that.”
“I think the phrase is, ‘The rest is history.’”
“I know, I was being...never mind.”
“Those saloon guys. Eshe and Anochi? They know something. Did you feel funny when Anochi started talking softly to us? I felt as though I was having an out of body experience. I wanted to move closer to him, but I knew it was a bad idea at the same time. Did you feel it?”
“Why do you think I yelled? It was a charm. Mother can cast charms when she wants to. A lot of magical creatures have that ability. It didn’t feel like an elf charm though. And it didn’t feel like a witch’s charm either. Father’s trained me to recognize them though.”
“Lucky you.”
“Well, Anochi was being subtle. If he had tried to be more powerful, I don’t know if I would have been able to run away so easily.”
“So if someone is charming you, you should yell?” Penora asked.
“It’s one way of handling it. There are spells you can use, but I always seem to forget them when I’m under pressure.” Vianez sat up and crossed her legs.
Penora sat up too. “Yelling works for me.” 
“So what’s our next move?”
“I don’t suppose actually following the Elder’s counsel is an option?”
“It’s too late for that. We blew it. Did you see the look in their eyes when we said we knew Mr. Kazmin was trying to change something? I don’t know if they’re the ones who attacked him—”
“Wouldn’t put it passed them,” Penora mumbled.
“—But we better figure out what’s going on and fast.”
“Maybe there’s a clue at the schoolhouse? No one has been in since last Friday, so no one has touched anything.”
“Okay. Let’s look there.”
“When?”
“Let’s go this evening.”
“This evening?” Penora shifted to find a more comfortable spot to sit.
“The sooner the better in my opinion.”
Penora picked at Vianez’s rug. “You know, my life was much quieter before you moved here.”
“Thanks.” Vianez stood up. “If you don’t want to go, I’ll go alone.”
“Don’t be so dramatic. I’ll come. We better ask our parents if I can stay the night here.”
***
“You don’t think we should be worried?” Vianez listened from the top of the stairs as her mother greeted her father when he arrived home from work.
“Blana, she was covered in his blood for goodness sakes. Don’t you think that would be traumatizing?”
“Oh, of course I do. But this attitude? Wandering around town with Penora every day after what happened? Shouldn’t we say something?”
“It hasn’t even been a week. I think we should give her more time. Besides, both she and Penora have been good about not being out after dark.”
“I just thought...never mind. Is it wrong for me to worry?”
“I’m not saying that at all. All I’m saying is to let Vianez work this out.”
“Okay. Penora is spending the night again. I guess I’ll go see what I can make for dinner.”
Once her mother rose from the couch, Vianez thought it was safe to walk down the stairs. “Is Penora here yet?” she asked. “Hi Father!”
Reynold raised his eyebrows, but greeted her just the same. “Good evening. Penora is spending the night?”
“Yes. She should be here by now. We wanted to run over to Necalli’s shop before it got dark.”
Her father looked out the window. “You still have plenty of time. So Necalli’s shop twice in one week huh? You’ll ruin your teeth with that sugar.”
“Well we sort of...lost...the candy we bought last week...If you remember.” Vianez glanced at the ground.
Reynold wrinkled his nose. “I’m sorry dear. I didn’t mean to bring it up.”
“It’s okay. Oh Penora!” Vianez glimpsed a bright purple ponytail just before it jumped up onto the porch. “I’ll get it Father.”
Reynold put both his hands on his daughter’s shoulders and squeezed them. “I’m proud of you. I want you to know that.”
Vianez tried to look him in the face, but her eyes only reached his neck. Thoughts of what she and Penora were about to do raced through her mind. “Okay.”
Reynold let go and headed towards the kitchen while Vianez opened the front door.
“Hi. Long time no see,” Vianez said. Penora smiled. 
Just then Blana walked into the living room. “Hello again, Penora. Purple hair this time?”
“Hi, Mrs. Atil.”
“I’m starting dinner. Your father says the two of you are going to run to Necalli’s shop? Don’t be long.”
“We won’t. Here, I’ll run your bags up, Penora.”
“I can take care of that,” Blana said.
“Oh, thank you, Mother.” Vianez reached past her to grab her coat. 
“I love you Vianez.”
“I love you too. We’ll be back soon.”
Vianez and Penora hurried to the schoolhouse. “Let’s take the back road from here,” Penora said as they approached Necalli’s shop. “No one will see where we’re headed.”
The slowed their pace once the schoolhouse was in sight. Looking around to be sure no one had noticed them, they crept up towards the building.
“It’s still locked,” Penora said.
“I’ll take care of it.” Vianez bent low over the lock and focused on it opening. Then she blew on the lock and it fell off.”
“I really wish I could handle magic the way you do.”
“I think we can focus on that later. You ready?” Together they pushed open the solid grey door.
“Can you light these candles?” Penora asked, holding her hands out as she entered the dark room. “Why did they cover the windows?”
“Um...let me see, fire. Okay. There!”
A dozen candles in the chandelier that hung over the middle of the classroom lit.
“Wow, that’s weird. What are the windows covered with?” Vianez ran her hand over the rough black material that seemed to have fused with the glass. “Weird.”
“So what are we looking for?” Penora started looking through the books on the bookshelves in the back of the classroom.”
“Don’t know. Anything that might point to what Mr. Kazmin was trying to change.” Vianez walked over to his desk. “Oh, Penora. I don’t know if I can go through his desk.”
Penora walked over to Vianez. “We’re trying to help him right? I don’t think he would have minded. I’ll go through it with you.” Vianez unlocked the cabinets and the two started searching through Mr. Kazmin’s papers. 
“I’m not finding anything,” Vianez said, frustrated. “Dang it. We’ve got to go. Mother is probably already starting to wonder why we aren’t back. I guess we can try coming back.”
“And earlier in the day to give us more time.” Penora returned a stack of papers she had been looking at into their rightful place. She stiffened. “Did you hear that?”
“Hear what?” But no sooner were the words out of Vianez’s mouth that she heard growling. A gust of wind blew through the room and the lights went out.
“Vianez?”
Vianez’s hand found the large rock Mr. Kazmin kept on his desk. He had told his students it was from a volcano in Xilton. “Here. Use this. I saw a letter opener somewhere. Ah. There it is. Quick, move to the backdoor.”
Penora put her hand on Vianez’s arm and followed her. They could still hear the low growling, but now it was coming from at least two other creatures. And then they heard a sound that caused Penora to drop the rock on Vianez’s foot: howling.
It dawned on Vianez what was happening. “Oh my. Oh my. Werewolves. Penora, you didn’t tell me there were werewolves in this town!”
“I—I—I didn’t—know. Oh, I’m going to be sick. That’s who killed Mr. Kazmin.”
“Come out, come out and play girls.”
Vianez gasped. She recognized Anochi’s voice.
“The bartenders. Damn it. We knew they had to be involved.”
Anochi continued, “You should have minded your own business. Shouldn’t go asking questions you don’t have the right to ask. Now it’s our turn to talk to you.”
“They’re at the front door,” Vianez whispered to Penora. “What do you want?” She yelled towards the front door as she and Penora continued to move towards the back.
“The backdoor is covered too, you foolish witch.”
Penora’s fingernails dug into Vianez’s skin and she let out a gasp.
“That’s right. We can hear you. And we can smell you. Come out or I’ll come in there and fetch you myself.”
“We can’t go out there. They’ll kill us,” Vianez said to Penora. She could make out the shape of Penora’s body and saw her nod her head. There was a window right next to where they were standing. Vianez put her mouth up against Penora’s ear. “Throw the rock at the window and we’ll have to run for it.”
Penora raised the heavy rock and threw it with all her might. Yells emitted from the werewolves as they were showered with glass. Still hanging onto each other, Vianez and Penora ran at the window and leaped out. Stunned, the two werewolves closest to them lunged but missed. Vianez saw Eshe who lowered her body and transformed into a wolf. She ran at Vianez and leaped onto her. Vianez raised the letter opener just in time. Eshe let out a piercing howl and rolled off of Vianez. She changed back into a human. The letter opener was sticking out of her stomach and blood was pooling in the folds of her shirt. 
“Eshe!” Anochi’s hands wrapped around Vianez’s throat. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see the other werewolves changing and turning towards Penora. Concentrating all her might on the defensive magic her father had taught her, Vianez elbowed Anochi in the gut and sent him flying into a nearby tree. The disturbance was enough to catch the attention of the other werewolves, and as soon as they took their eyes off of Penora, she ran. Vianez was right behind her, not looking back at Eshe or Anochi or the others. 
“Not into the woods! Penora! We have to get to someone’s house. Or Necalli’s shop. Penora! Where are you going?” Vianez noticed Penora’s body was fading. Sometimes she was solid, and other times she became transparent. Vianez could only assume the fear gripping at Penora was causing her to shift without her consent. “Penora!” She screamed again, gaining on her friend, but it wasn’t enough. 
“Dang it, Penora,” Vianez huffed under her breath, but continued to keep up with Penora. The sound of paws hitting the hard forest floor snapped Vianez’s attention from Penora. Four werewolves were behind them. Penora looked back too and screamed. “Don’t look back,” Vianez yelled at her. “Just keep running.” They were moving deeper and deeper into the woods and, Vianez couldn’t shake the feeling that these beats knew the forest better than she or Penora did and would eventually catch up to them. If they kept running like this, what chance did they have of making it out alive?
“Aaaah!” Vianez had just caught up to Penora when the ground beneath them moved and they fell into a hole. Vianez sputtered and looked wildly around. The hole was deep; above, the sun had completely disappeared to make way for the moon’s glimmer. “Penora? Are you okay?”
“No. Vi—Vianez—there’s—there’s—I think there are bodies in here.”
Nostrils flared and eyes half closed, Vianez bent over and reached out her hand in the dark. “Ugh!” She drew back her hand and stood up. There was no mistake. They were standing on a pile of bodies. Vianez couldn’t stop it; she heaved until there wasn’t anything left in her stomach. 
“Oh my. That sounds pleasant. I see you found our stash. You little fools ran right into our hunting grounds.” Still hunched over, Vianez looked up and could see figures circling the top of the pit. Anochi had changed back into his human form, but the other three still looked like wolves. “You’re going to regret killing my sister.”
Vianez wiped the sick from her lips and stood up. “I didn’t do it on purpose. She attacked me. Please, we haven’t done anything to you. Why are you trying to kill us?”
“You came asking questions about Mr. Kazmin.”
“You killed him, didn’t you?” Vianez asked. Anger was coursing through her in the midst of the fear that clung to her heart.
“We did. All of us together. We won’t be denied who we are, and we won’t have our children brought up to be ashamed of themselves. We are the—” Anochi stopped and looked over his shoulder. “We’ll head them off on the south end of the grove,” Vianez heard him say to the others before he turned back into a wolf ran off.
“Great.” Vianez tried not to look down. Even though she couldn't see the bodies, she knew they were there, and she was aware she was standing on their rotting corpses. “Penora?” She held out her hands, searching for her friend. “There you are. Stop shaking. We’ve got to get out of here before they come back.”
“Can—can you use—magic to get us—out?”
“I’m going to try.” Vianez made the mistake of looking down and thinking about the bodies. “I feel so weak and sick. Okay. Um. It’s got to be at least a ten-foot drop. Damn it, think!” She struck her forehead with the palm of her hand three times. Concentrating on her breathing, she started to visualize herself at the top of the pit. She felt herself rise slightly.
“You’re doing it!” Penora said.
Vianez closed her eyes and focused as hard as she could until she too was shaking just as violently as Penora had been, but her moment of victory was short lived. She had risen not quite three feet in the air when she fell back down on to the grave of Anochi’s victims. “Ugh!” She tried to upright herself, but every time she put her hands down, she felt the cold dead skin of another person. 
“Here, let me help you.” Penora had recovered some of her spirit, at least enough to pull Vianez up. “Come over here, there aren’t any…it’s safe.”
Vianez leaned against the dirt wall and dropped her head into her hands. She hated this town. She hated the people in it. She hated that her father, after working on the giants’ boundaries for sixteen years while stationed in Pelmon, had suddenly felt it was okay to move his family to this forsaken place. His work had never caused him to move before. Why did it have to now? And not just any place. A town crawling with werewolves. And then she thought of how insistent her father had been she and her brothers didn’t go out at night. He knew, she thought to herself. He knew there were werewolves and never said anything. How many other people in this town were werewolves? Her classmates? Necalli? The Elders? Why had all these monsters gathered to this place and why did her family have to get in the middle of it?
“I can’t do it,” she said to Penora. “I can’t get out. And we can’t push each other out. We’re going to die and be left in this pit.” She banged her head back against the dirt wall. 
“I can’t believe I never knew there were werewolves here. I thought there was something funny about this town, but I figured it was because it is so close to the giants’ borders and the boundaries in this area have been weakening over the past two decades,” Penora said.
“How do you know that?”
“My father told me.”
“Well that’s just great. It’s probably why the werewolves were drawn to this place. Monsters are attracted to evil magic.”
“I know now isn’t the time, but not every werewolf is a monster.”
“Not from where I’m standing. In a pit full of dead bodies the werewolves have been killing and feasting on. And we get to be a part of it.”
“Did you hear that?” Penora sobbed. “They’re coming back. I don’t want to be killed.”
“No. No. I hear it too. It’s not them though. I...I can’t explain it, but I feel like I know the sound.” And then they both heard it.
“Vianez! Penora!”
“It’s my father! Father! Here! We’re down here!” The outline of Reynold’s body appeared at the top of the pit a moment later. 
He knelt down. “Oh my! Hang on girls! Hold still!” Reynold stood up and raised his arms out in front of him. He moved them to each side of his body, and then began to raise them. Vianez felt a pull in her chest and she and Penora were lifted out of the pit.
As soon as the top was within reach, Vianez put out her hands and grabbed the edge and pulled herself out while Reynold pulled Penora the rest of the way up. 
“Father, I—”
“Later. We have to go. The Elders and Anochi and his crew are hunting each other. We need to get out of these woods.” He grabbed each one by the hand and started running back towards Owl Flight. They heard growling, snarling, and yelling as they approached the edge of the forest. “Keep down,” Reynold whispered. He had slowed to a jog and hunched over, encouraging Vianez and Penora to do the same. Vianez recognized the Elder who crossed their path moments later as Elder Eleni. Two werewolves had followed her and she was backing up, keeping them off of with a bright red fire, but the fire kept dimming; Elder Eleni was weakening and losing control.
“Watch out!” Reynold stopped in this tracks. Because he was still holding onto the girls, this resulted in them lunging forward and then back again. 
Vianez fell onto her back as her father released her.
“Get up, quick. Keep out of sight.” He conjured the same red flames Elder Eleni was using and forced it onto the wolves. They howled in pain and tried to bare down on Reynold, but he whipped the flame around and engulfed them in a ring of fire.
Vianez watched from the bushes she and Penora were hiding in as he ran to Elder Eleni’s side. Vianez motioned to Penora to head that way. Penora moved first, and Vianez stood up to follow her when a pair of hands grabbed her around her throat cutting off her scream.
“I’m going to kill you,” Anochi’s mouth was flush against her ear. Vianez couldn’t breathe. She tried to throw him off the way she had earlier and raised her arm, but he blocked her and gripped her neck more tightly. “I don’t think so; not this time.
He twisted his hands and Vianez opened in mouth in pain. She couldn’t breathe, she couldn’t perform any spells, and her vision was starting to go.
“That’s it, just let go little one. I think I’ll—oomph.”
Vianez let out a gasp and fell onto the ground flat on her face. She heard Anochi scream, but couldn’t muster the energy to raise her head to see who had saved her.
Penora was at her side. “Vianez, get up. Come on, it’s okay now.” 
And then someone with more strength than Penora lifted her into their arms. She looked up at her father. He had a deep gash underneath his right eye. Reynold carried his daughter out of the forest with Penora trailing at his side. Vianez watched the top of the trees thin until the clear night was above her. 
“Reynold,” Vianez heard a deep voice say, “you’re to meet back with the Elders. The girls are to come too.”
“Very well.” Reynold stopped and set Vianez down. “I’m going to heal you so you have strength to walk with us and speak to the Elders. Then we’ll go home.”
Vianez could only nod her head. Reynold put a hand on her forehead and a hand on her shoulder and whispered words Vianez couldn’t make out, but as he spoke, his face became clearer and the pounding in Vianez’s head disappeared.
“How do you feel?”
“Better. Where’s Penora? Is she okay?”
“I’m here. I’m okay, well, at least I will be.”
Vianez stood up. “Did I hear we are supposed to talk to the Elders?”
“Yes,” Reynold said.
“Now?”
“Yes. Come on. The sooner we get this over with, the sooner we can put it behind us.”
Vianez thought about the pit full of bodies and wasn’t sure she would ever be able to put it behind her. She glanced over at Penora who seemed to be thinking the same thing. They caught each other’s eyes, but looked away. Penora was right. It was going to take time before they were alright.”
“I’m very disappointed in you,” Reynold said as they crossed the main road.
“Father, not now—”
“Yes. Now. I mean it Vianez. I stood up for you. I told your mother you were being safe, that she had nothing to worry about, and it was simply a matter of giving you time to cope with Mr. Kazmin’s murder. I convinced her it was okay for you and Penora to spend so much time away from home the past few days. Never did I think you would be so foolish as to directly disobey the Elders and me.”
It dawned on Vianez what her father was getting at. “You think we’re going to be punished, don’t you?”
“It wouldn’t surprise me. And I’m not sure at this point if I would disagree with that decision.”
Vianez opened her mouth to speak back to him, but Reynold held up his hand. They were standing outside the doors to the Elder’s council. She dropped her head and waited to be allowed inside. They stood there for a few moments in silence, and then Reynold knocked twice on the doors, which automatically opened, and the three walked inside. The room looked as it did the last time Vianez and Penora were in there. The Elders sat in a row at the same panel they had before, although they all looked disheveled and some still had bruises that were healing.
If Elder Eleni was in any pain, she gave no sign of it. She spoke has she had before, introducing all the Elders to Reynold, Vianez, and Penora, who bowed to the panel. “You may come forward,” Elder Eleni said.
Vianez and Penora waited for Reynold to make the first move, and then they followed suit.
“Please explain in your own words what happened tonight.”
Vianez looked at her father who nodded. She explained how she and Penora had gone to the schoolhouse to look for clues pertaining to Mr. Kazmin’s death and how they had been ambushed by Anochi and Eshe and the other werewolves. She explained how Penora had thrown a rock through one of the windows and how Eshe had jumped on her when she had a letter opener in her hand. “I didn’t mean to kill her. I would never want to kill anyone.”
“Please continue,” Elder Eleni said.
By the time Vianez finished speaking, she was close to tears.
The Elders questioned Penora next, and she told the same story Vianez had.
Reynold finally spoke of his concern for his daughter and her friend when they did not return from Necalli’s shop, where they had said they were going, and went to find them. “When Necalli told me the girls hadn’t been there, I went for the schoolhouse. I found the broken window and dead woman. From there, I followed the tracks into the forest and found the girls at the bottom of the pit they have described to you.”
“Very well. Does anyone have any questions?” Elder Eleni looked at her right and left. A grey haired Elder stood. “We recognize Elder Ibis.”
“Please tell us why Anochi, his sister Eshe, and as we have determined, Wanbli, Fayola, and Yaro attacked you.”
Reynold nudged Vianez who spoke to the ground. “Oh. Um. Because Penora and I went into Anochi and Eshe’s saloon and asked questions about Mr. Kazmin. Mrs. Kazmin said he was trying to change something, and when that was brought up at the saloon, Anochi and Eshe…well, I think they wanted to attack us there, but we ran away.”
“You went into a saloon!” Reynold said, forgetting himself.
“Mr. Atil, this is not the place for parenting,” Elder Eleni said.
“I apologize, Elders.” He bowed low to them. As he stood up, he shot Vianez a look that told her no matter what punishment the Elders gave her, she was going to be punished at home too.
Elder Ibis continued, “So you went investigating after this panel specifically told you not to.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Very well,” he said and sat back down.
“All the werewolves who took place in tonight’s events are dead. There will be an investigation into the pit of bodies you have described to us; an investigation that you young ladies most certainly will not be a part of. While we acknowledge that tonight’s events did lead us to the discovery of Bryant Kazmin’s murderers, we do not condone your disobedience or foolishness. We will have a hearing in two days’ time to determine the correct punishment.” Elder Eleni’s eyes and voice softened somewhat. “But we have also decided it will not be severe this time. You have been through an ordeal that has hopefully taught you a lesson.”
Vianez and Penora both nodded vigorously, not believing their luck. Vianez looked up at her father who was staring straight ahead at the Elders and did not look at her. Then she raised her hand.
“Yes?”
“May I ask a question?”
“You may.”
“Do you know what Mr. Kazmin was trying to change that upset these...men and women so much?”
Elder Eleni nodded her head. “Mr. Kazmin had been teaching the young werewolves how to control their magic in a way to stop them from turning. Not all werewolves in our town oppose this, and many never change by choice, but young werewolves have trouble controlling themselves. It is our understanding that a student went to Anochi and Eshe and told them what was happening in this school. This upset them, and the other werewolves who have lost their lives tonight, enough to condone murder.”
Vianez nodded her head once. “It was Cyprian, wasn’t it?”
“The student has been arrested. The matter will not be any of your concern.”
“I understand. Thank you.”
“You may all go now.”
Reynold put his arm around Vianez who grabbed Penora’s elbow. They turned around and walked out into the cold night.
“Your parents are at our home, Penora. Blana is with them right now. I do not mean to be rude, but I must tell you that Vianez will be grounded for the next few week and cannot have any visitors.”
“I understand sir. I’m very sorry for the part I played.”
“You were both in the wrong. And I agree with the Elders, I too hope you have learned a valuable lesson.”
“Yes,” both Vianez and Penora mumbled. 
“Good. Come on. Let’s go home.”
Episode Two: Missing
“Help! Help us! Please!” Vianez could hear their screaming, but couldn’t see anyone. “Please, they’re going to kill us!”
“I’m coming!” She moved deeper into the woods. The black tree branches snatched at her skin as she ran. She could hear the screams of victims being mutilated, but every time she drew closer to their cries, the sounds started coming from another direction. Huffing, she continued to run. Blood seeped out of the wounds the trees had gashed into her arms and face; the screams pierced her eardrums. “Help! Help!”
Vianez couldn’t help. She couldn’t see where she was going; the light from the moon and stars had disappeared.
“You’re a witch,” someone in the back of her mind whispered. “Use magic.”
“I can’t do it. I don’t know how.”
The voice laughed. “Don’t know how? You silly little girl.” The voice was Anochi’s, the werewolf.
Vianez spun around and screamed. She stumbled backwards and fell through the forest floor. Hands from bodies lying in a pit grabbed her. “Help us!” they yelled.
“I can’t. I can’t!”
“Vianez! Vianez wake up!” Reynold stood over his daughter shaking her. 
Vianez sat up and pushed at her father. 
“It’s me. Calm down.” Reynold held her face in his hands. “Open your eyes.” 
She did so and stopped struggling. 
“It’s okay. You were dreaming again.”
Vianez drew her knees into her chest and rubbed her eyes. Reynold handed her a cup of water. “Thanks,” she mumbled.
“Was it about the pit again?”
“Yeah. That’s the third time this week. I can’t take it anymore.”
“It’s only been a month, half cup. You’ve got to give your mind and body time to recover.”
“Well it’s hard to do that while you’re being punished and reminded of it every day.”
Reynold took the empty glass from her and set it down on her nightstand. “That’s not fair. Having nightmares aren’t going to change the fact that you were in the wrong.”
“I know. Can we not have this conversation again?” Vianez stretched out her legs.
“Then stop bringing it up. You only have what, three or four days left of cleanup duty?”
“Yes.”
“So deal with it.”
Vianez’s jaw dropped.
“Sweetie, I love you, but you only get to play the sympathy card for so long. Your mother and I have been patient, but that patience is thinning. Four more days. Then you’re free.”
“Fine. Sorry.”
“I don’t want you to be sorry. I want you to take responsibility. You’re sixteen; you’re almost a grown witch.”
“Father. Okay. Please. I’m sorry I brought it up.” She played with a crease in the blanket on her lap. “Thank you, by the way, for waking me up. I just want the dreams to stop. They are stressing me out. I can’t focus; I mean, I’m having difficulty with some of the simplest spells.”
Reynold sighed. “I’ve been able to do what little I can about these dreams Vianez, but you know who you really should be talking to?”
“No.”
“Your mother.” 
Vianez tried to not roll her eyes. 
“Elves have incredible mind control, and you’re half elf. I know your witch powers have been dominant, but you could be capable of using the magic your mother has passed down to you if you weren’t so stubborn and talked to her about it.”
Vianez huffed. “I’ll talk to her.”
“I’m serious. Don’t say it because you want to pacify me. If the dreams are causing you this much distress, your mother is the one who can make the most difference. I know the two of you don’t get along much right now, but I think it’s because you’re so damn similar.” He smiled. “But that’s just the opinion of an old man.”
Vianez leaned forward and kissed Reynold on the cheek. “I’ll talk to her. I promise.”
Reynold stood up. He brushed his fingers through Vianez’s hair. “Try to get some sleep. There’s still a few hours before daylight. You’ll be working in Necalli’s shop?”
“Yup. For the next four days. He’s the last one on our list.”
“Okay. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight, Father.” Vianez rolled over onto her side and faced the wall. She closed her eyes and tried to forget the cries for help and the lifeless eyes that followed her.
***
“You look like hell,” Tam said to Vianez when she came downstairs for breakfast.
“Tam! Don’t you speak like that in my house. Go on, you can get started on cleaning out Crimson’s nursery.” Blana looked at Vianez as she walked into the kitchen. “I’m going to finally get around to doing Crimson’s room today.”
“He’s big enough to not need a nursery anymore, huh?” Vianez sat next to her youngest brother who smiled up at her and handed her the piece of biscuit he had had in his mouth only seconds earlier. “That’s okay Crimson. I think I’ll just have bacon. You finish your biscuit.”
Without saying anything, Crimson turned his gaze to the food in his hand and shoved it completely into his mouth.
“This one may end up being bigger than Tam or Annon. The way he eats…” Blana shook her head and buttered another biscuit for Crimson. “Just bacon?” She said looking at Vianez.
“Maybe some eggs and juice, please. Mother?”
“Hmm?”
“Do you think when I get home today you can help me find a way to stop the nightmares I’ve been having.”
Blana turned to face her daughter. Her eyes were big. 
Oh please don’t cry, Vianez thought. 
“I’d like that.” Blana turned back to the stove. “I’ve worried about these nightmares, but I wasn’t sure how to approach you.”
“Well, they’re getting bad, and I need them to stop. I feel like I’m going mad.”
Blana brought over a plate with eggs and bacon on it and a glass of apple juice. “You’re not going mad. It’s stressful, but we can handle this.” She smiled.
“Vinny have bad dreams?” Crimson said.
“I’m okay.”
“Scary monsters?”
“Sometimes.”
“Vinny can sleep with piggy.”
Vianez laughed at Crimson’s offer to let her sleep with his stuffed pig. He may mean it now, but if she took him up on the offer, that night he’d be in full panic having to go to bed without “piggy.”
“That’s okay, Crimson. Piggy better sleep with you. I’ll be okay.” She stood up and looked at her mother. “I should go. Um. I love you guys. Bye.”
Vianez ran along the main road towards Necalli’s shop. She hoped she would get there early and would be able to talk to Penora before they had to work. That was part of the punishment the Elders had given them. They had to help the different members of the community with any “labor” that needed to be done, but they weren’t allowed to speak to each other. Vianez didn’t see how that was necessary, but she and Penora had been lucky to only have gotten stuck with town chores. And has for not being able to speak, they had still found time to meet before starting work and catch up with one another. As Vianez closed in on Necalli’s shop, she was disappointed to not see Penora. However, Tenoch stepped out from around the shop. Vianez slowed down to a walk. Tenoch waved his hand and started walking towards her.
Vianez hadn’t had to face any of the other students in Owl Flight since Mr. Kazmin’s death because the Elders had yet to find a new schoolmaster. Vianez wasn’t sure she wanted to see Tenoch, but as she had to be in Necalli’s shop in ten minutes, she couldn’t see a way to avoid him.
“Hey, Vianez,” Tenoch said as he approached her.
“Hi. I’m on my way to Necalli’s.”
“Yeah, I know. I wanted to talk to you.”
“Oh.” Vianez already didn’t like where this conversation was going. She was out of sight of Necalli unless he walked outside his shop, and Penora still hadn’t shown up. “I don’t want to be late. I only have a few more days of...well, of my punishment.” She took a step back and tried to walk around Tenoch who held out an arm to stop her.
“I won’t take up much of your time. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am about everything that’s happened. I had no idea Cyprian was behind Mr. Kazmin’s death. You probably think I’m terrible, hanging out with someone who would do that.”
The honest answer was yes, but Vianez felt it wasn’t best to tell Tenoch that. “You didn’t do anything, and you didn’t know. I don’t blame you if that’s what you’re getting at.”
Okay. And um, I did want to tell you sorry about the way you had to find out most of the townsfolk are werewolves.”
Vianez folded her arms across her chest. “Yes. That was something I would have liked to have known, but my father knew and he didn’t tell me either. It’s not like I expected you to tell me. I was, actually still am, I think, a stranger to you. I wouldn’t go spilling all my secrets to a stranger either.”
“So we’re okay? Because I’d like to...um...hang out with you...and Penora.” Then he added quickly, “As you’ve probably noticed, there aren’t many people our age here.”
“Oh. Okay. That would be okay. I’ll tell Penora. Maybe we can hang out this weekend.” She thought again to move away, but something in Tenoch’s eyes stopped her. “Are you okay?”
“Just upset about Cyprian, I guess. They’re talking about moving him to Canta.”
“Where’s Canta?”
“About 100 miles from here. He got his sentence last week: fifty years in prison. I don’t think the Elders want to keep him in our little jail for that long. Owl Flight isn’t built to hold...criminals...for long periods of time.”
“I am sorry. I can see he was a friend to you, and it’s always hard to lose a friend, regardless of the circumstances. Oh. That looks like Penora. I should go so I’m not late. I wouldn’t put it passed Necalli to report me.”
Tenoch glanced over his shoulder where Vianez was looking. “No. I wouldn’t either. Hey, Vianez.” He grabbed her arm as she made yet another attempt to get to Necalli’s shop.
She looked down at her arm and he let go.
“Yes?”
“I wanted to tell you that I’m half witch, half werewolf.”
Vianez stared at him, not quite sure what to say to this information.
“I know it’s random to blurt it out, but I was thinking about the first day we met, and, well, I just don’t want to keep it in the dark. I wanted you to know who I am.”
“I’m...Thank you. I...appreciate knowing.”
She started walking towards Necalli’s. Tenoch followed her. “If you don’t want to hang out—”
She looked at him but didn’t stop walking. “No. That’s not it at all. It was, like you said, sort of random to jump out at me like that, but no. I’ll talk to Penora, okay? I really do have to go though.”
“All right, bye.” He stood outside Necalli’s, watching her red hair bounce behind the counter and enter the back of the shop.
***
“I’ve spoken to the Elders and told them the two have you have been working so hard, you finished all the work here a day early. They wanted me to tell you that you’re off the hook. You are free ladies to find more mischief to get into.” Necalli took the last box from Penora’s arms and placed it on the shelf above his front counter.
“Really?” Vianez asked. She held a feather duster in her right hand a damp cloth in her left.
“Really. Now go on before I change my mind.”
“Thanks, Necalli,” Penora said.
“No. Thank you. This shop hasn’t been this clean in the last decade.”
Penora and Vianez laughed and called out “Thank you,” one more time as they bundled up and left the shop.
“Can you believe it?” Penora asked as she took a huge breath of air. “It’s free air!”
“Right? I think I’m most excited to sit and do nothing for a change.” Vianez leaped on top of a pile of bright red leaves.
“How’s the studying going with your mother?”
“Oh, not bad. She thinks I need to change my attitude about the situation so I’ll be able to focus more, so I guess I’m working on that.”
“Well maybe you can feel more positive now that we don’t have to work every day, all day long.”
“That’s a good point. So changing topics, what should we invite Tenoch to do this weekend?”
“I have no idea. I’ve had few conversations with him since moving here. We could always try fishing.” Penora started picking up flowers by the side of the road.
“Fishing? Maybe. Do you want help?”
“No. It’s Mother’s birthday today, so I’m just going to give her these. She loves, loves flowers.”
“Oh. Well it’s not like there is a whole lot to do around here. Yeah, let’s try fishing. Maybe the two of us can go to his dad’s shop tomorrow and invite him.”
Penora stood up with a bundle of flowers in her arms. “Okay. I’ll come by your place after lunch.”
“Sound good. I’ll see you then. Have a good evening.”
“You too.”
Vianez took her time walking the rest of the way home, enjoying the light breeze and the start of the orange and purple sunset. As she approached her home, she could hear peals of laughter coming from Crimson and saw him on her father’s shoulders, swinging a wooden sword at Tam and Annon who were trying to attack their father.
“Hey look who it is!” Reynold lifted Crimson up and set him on the ground. Crimson ran as fast as his thick legs allowed him and flung himself around Vianez.
“Hey kid,” she said, picking him up.
“Me winning, Vinny.”
“You are? Are you defeating the monsters?”
“Giants.”
“Oh my. Tam and Annon are giants?”
“I killed them.”
Everyone laughed at Crimson who simply looked around, trying to figure out what was so funny, as he was being perfectly serious. “Good for you Crimson. I’ll take him inside,” she added to her Father.
“Come on, Father!” Vianez heard Annon shout as she walked into the house with Crimson in her arms. “To the death.”
“Mother, it’s me.”
“And me!” Crimson wiggled his way out of Vianez’s arms and ran into the kitchen.
“In here. You’re just in time to help with the wild turkey your father caught.”
Vianez entered the kitchen. “Where did he find a turkey?”
“It was wandering near the borders apparently. The witches were about twenty miles from here today. I guess there is a rift that has been giving them some trouble. Here, wash your hands and I’ll show you how to make turkey soup from scratch.”
***
“Absolutely perfect. Can’t remember a time when I had better turkey soup.” Reynold tossed down his napkin and leaned back in his chair causing it to come up on two legs. “Thank you, Blana. Thank you, Vianez.”
Father?”
“Hmm?”
“When are we going to get to go back to school?”
Reynold lowered his chair and looked at his oldest son. “I don’t know, Tam. From what I can tell, there still isn’t any word about finding a new schoolmaster. But that does bring me to the idea I had today.”
“What’s that?” Tam and Annon both asked, and even Vianez sat up a little straighter.
Reynold looked at his wife then back to his children. “I was thinking of taking you to work with me. There is plenty of space to practice (and make mistakes) without bothering anyone, and this could give you a chance to see what we’ve been working on as far as the rift is concerned.”
“Cool!” Tam said.
“Is it safe?” Vianez asked.
“Oh, yes. I’m not going to let you go walk along the rift or anything like that. Until there is a new schoolmaster, your mother and I have a responsibility to teach you.”
“Are we going tomorrow?” Annon asked.
“How about we start next Monday?”
“Okay! I’m going to go practice.” Annon took his dishes to the washing bin and placed them in it before heading for the stairs.
“You’re going to practice so you’re ready to practice?” Tam shook his head and followed his younger brother.
“And how about you?” Reynold was looking at Vianez.
“I would like to see where you work.”
“And studying magic?”
“I know I’ve been having trouble with it, but it’s just in my head, right?”
“Yes. Which may be frustrating, but it is something you can change. How are the two of you doing with your work on stopping those dreams?” Reynold now looked at Blana.
“Vianez’s a fast learner,” Blana said. Then, speaking to Vianez, she added, “You haven’t had any dreams since we started, have you?”
“No.”
“I think if you apply what we’ve been doing when you go with your father on Monday to work on your spell casting, you’ll be just fine.”
“Okay. Since I’m no longer a prisoner of labor,” Vianez caught her father’s eye but looked back at her mother, “Penora and I wanted to know if it was okay to invite our friend Tenoch to go fishing on Saturday.”
Blana’s brows knitted together. “I haven’t heard you speak of a Tenoch before.”
“He’s our age. I’ve really only met him at school, but I think the three of us are the only teenagers in Owl Flight, and he seemed pretty lonely when we talked on Monday. We just want to hang out.”
“And when would you have had time to talk to this boy? You should have been working in Necalli’s.” Reynold decided on having thirds and added another scoop of soup to his bowl, but didn’t take his eyes off of Vianez.
“I was walking to Necalli’s when he stopped and asked me if he could hang out with Penora and me. Cyprian was his only friend, and you know how that turned out.”
“I think your mother and I need to talk about it first.”
“Fine. Well, if we can’t go fishing with him, can Penora and I at least hang out together this weekend? I think she wants to invite me to stay at her house.”
Reynold opened his mouth, but Blana jumped in. “That would be fine. And we’ll let you know what we think of this Tenoch fellow tomorrow.”
Vianez risked looking between her parents for another second then hopped from the table and tossed her wooden bowl into the wash bin. “Thanks for dinner!”
“Thank you for helping,” Blana called after her.
“So what just happened?” Vianez heard her father ask her mother as she rounded the corner towards the living room.
“What do you mean?”
“Since when am I the bad guy and you’re the good guy?”
“I’m guessing since a teenage boy came into the picture.”
Vianez heard her mother move towards the living room and hurried up the stairs.
***
“I’m surprised your father is actually taking you up towards that rift. I heard it’s pretty big.” Tenoch was balancing on a boulder in the middle of the river.
“We’re not going up to the rift though. He says it’s safe.”
“Caught, ya!” Tenoch held up the fish he had been after. “It sounds like fun, anyway. My father would rather I learned the family trade than develop my spell casting abilities.” He started balancing on the rocky pathway back to the shoreline.
“Yes, but what your father can do with wood is amazing. He creates the most beautiful things. Don’t let it get out to Mother, but Father says he’s asked your father to make a headboard to surprise Mother,” Penora said.
“I saw him working on the plans for that. Still though. I get that it’s great what he does, but I want to be able to have more control over my magic.”
“You can do magic though, right?” Vianez stood up with a net to take the fish Tenoch was holding out.
“Thanks.” Tenoch hopped off the rocks and landed in front of Vianez. “I have trouble focusing my attention to perform spells. I mean, if you wanted to start a fire right now and cook this fish, you could, right?”
Vianez nodded her head. “Sure.”
“I can’t.”
Tenoch sat down and started cleaning his gear. Vianez looked over at Penora, shrugged her shoulders, and sat down next to Tenoch. Penora sat on his other side, and both girls started to clean up their gear as well.
“I enjoyed this,” Tenoch said, not looking up.
Sensing his interest in changing the subject, Vianez said, “I haven’t been fishing in a while. It was fun. And Penora, your mother should be thrilled with all the fish we caught for dinner.”
“Especially since she told us we were in charge of getting dinner, didn’t she? We should head home.” Penora stood up and gathered the net of fish and the box with the bait in it.
Vianez collected the fishing poles, and Tenoch held his gear in one hand. “Thank you again for the afternoon,” he said. He tilted his head forward to both Vianez and Penora who bowed in return. “We should do this again.”
“Yeah, uh...” Vianez couldn’t think of what to say.
“We’d like that,” Penora said.
“Great. Well, I’ll see you later. Have fun at the borders next week, Vianez.”
“Thanks. You too.” She turned and started following Penora. “Did I just say ‘you too’?” she asked Penora.
“I don’t think he noticed.”
Vianez sighed. “I don’t know why I got tongue tied. I was fine while we were fishing. Goodbye is so awkward for me.”
“Well, lover girl, let’s get these fish to my mother and eat. I’m starving.”
Vianez swung the fishing poles at Penora who ducked and started running towards her home with Vianez laughing and following along.
***
“Annon, I said be careful. Come over here, I want to you to learn how to make objects disappear.”
“Ah, Father, I just want to look around. I can’t get it anyway. Even Tam can’t do it.” Annon jumped off the pile of rocks he had been climbing and landed in a heap. “Ow!”
“Serves you right,” Tam said. “And I made those breadcrumbs disappear.”
“I’m still pretty sure the wind was behind that one,” Vianez mumbled under her breath, but Tam heard her. “Ow! Tam! You brat!” A series of small red bumps appeared on her arm as if she had been bitten by a dozen ants.
“Vianez, don’t.” Reynold grabbed the arm his daughter had just raised towards Tam. “Heal it.”
Vianez glared at her Father, but placed her right hand on her left arm and within seconds, the bumps and burning sensation were gone.
“Well done. You’re doing great today. Those practices with your mother seem to be making an improvement.”
“I feel much better today. Stronger. Not that I’m in the mood for an ‘I told you so,’ but you win. I’m glad I talked to mother about it, and I’m glad the dreams are gone.”
“As long as you remember your father is always right, I won’t have to say, ‘I told you so.’”
“Father, look, I’m doing it!” Tam was standing over a cluster of rose petals Reynold had laid out for him to practice on. “There were five and now there are only three!”
Reynold put a hand on his son’s back. “Nice one. You’ve been working hard. Go ahead and run two laps from here to the red glory tree that’s standing on its own. Then you can try again. Actually, it might be a good idea for you to run too, Vianez. Give your mind a break.”
“Don’t you think I’m old enough to not have to run in between performing magic?”
“Not yet. Go on.”
Physical activity was, as Reynold had told Vianez since she was a small child, needed to give the mind a rest from the strain of performing magic. When she was younger, this sometimes meant playing games with her father, but as she got older, Reynold preferred his children run.
The mountains that bordered her world and the giants’ world were magnificent. They stretched high into the clouds. Snow was scattered along the top of what she could see, and the red, orange, and green trees littered the bottom half of each peak. Near the base of the mountains, the terrain was covered in jagged rocks and magic-made pathways.
Working with magic all morning had lifted Vianez’s spirits. Anochi’s face and the pit full of bodies loomed close to her every now and then, but it had been a week since she had had a full on nightmare, and her ability to concentrate on focusing her powers to do exactly what she wanted had strengthened.
Vianez could hear Annon getting frustrated as she lapped back towards him and her father. Reynold was using breadcrumbs with Annon which were small enough to start with when learning how to make objects vanish. Vianez was fan of this particular move as it helped her keep her room clean; something Blana was picky about. Both Tam and Annon still had to clean their room the hard way.
“I can’t do it. I want to try something else.”
“Telling yourself you can’t do this is going to make it that much harder in the long run. Picture the crumbs disappearing. Make them become dust and blow them away into the air.”
“It’s too hard. Can’t I just play and you can make Tam learn this?”
Reynold sighed. He looked up as Vianez approached him and Annon. “First, how about you work on making different objects come to you. Vianez, go lay out a few rocks, chose at least one that is big and heavy.”
Vianez did as she was told. “Okay, Annon,” she called out, “go for it!”
Annon was successful in bring two of the smaller rocks to his feet and even managed to move the largest rock, if only slightly. “Now?” he asked Reynold half an hour later.
“All right, I give up. You can play, but stay within my sight!” Annon let out hoot and ran off towards the jagged rocks. “I take it you’re done for the day too?” Reynold said to Tam.
“No. I’d like to keep going.”
“Me too,” Vianez said.
An hour later, Reynold had Vianez and Tam packing up their gear and the leftovers from the lunch Blana had prepared for them. “Annon, let’s head out!” Reynold called for his son, looking around. He couldn’t see him. “Annon? Annon!” He ran towards the rocks where he had last seen Annon. “Annon!”
Vianez looked at Tam, dropped the gear she was holding, and ran after Reynold.
“Annon! Annon where are you? Annon come on. This isn’t funny.”
Reynold, Vianez, and Tam called and searched for Annon for nearly an hour. They covered over a mile in a three different directions. 
Vianez looked into every crevice she caught eye of, hoping Annon had simply slipped into one. She had climbed down into a large one when she heard her father calling for her. She took a couple of minutes to look around, but didn’t find any pathways Annon could have followed. “Vianez!” She was surprised to hear the fear in her father’s voice and popped her head up. “I’m here!”
Reynold was at her side pulling her out of the chasm. “Don’t do that! Any sign of him?”
“No.” Vianez finished climbing out and stood up. She looked around at the mountains and forests. “You haven’t found him?”
Reynold dropped his head. “No. Tam hasn’t either. He’s with the gear now. We need to get back to Owl Flight and alert your mother and the Elders. A search party larger than the three of us needs to be assembled.”
They headed towards where Tam was. Vianez was jogging to keep up with her father. “You don’t think someone took him, do you?”
“It’s unlikely. There aren’t many animals here and no one is working in this area.”
“You found that wild turkey out here, didn’t you? The one we had for dinner last week?”
“I said not many animals, and yes, I did find the turkey, but a turkey didn’t run off with Annon. No. I feel he must have fallen within the rocks somewhere. That’s why we need more people searching. Hurry.”
The family was almost twenty miles from Owl Flight, but Reynold was able to use his magic to get them home in an hour. They stopped at their home first. “You tell your mother what’s happened,” Reynold said to Vianez and Tam. “I’m going to the Elders.” With one last look at his children, he turned and hurried towards the town.
Vianez ran into the cottage and yelled for their Mother.
“What’s wrong?” Blana was at the top of the stairs with Crimson in her arms who looked to have just woken from a nap.
“Annon’s missing,” Tam blurted out.
Blana nearly dropped Crimson. “What?” She was barely audible. She ran down the stairs and handed Crimson to Vianez. Grabbing Tam’s face in her hands, she bent down and looked into his eyes. “What did you just say?”
“We lost Annon.”
“How could you lose him?”
“Please, Mother,” Vianez said, “Tam, Father, and I were going through drills, but Annon wanted to play, so Father told him to stay close, and he was just playing on the rocks.”
“And I take it you took your eyes off of him and became distracted.” It was obvious Blana was finding it difficult to keep her voice steady.
“He knew to stay close, Mother,” Tam said.
“He’s eight! He doesn’t know what stay close means! You know he’s an explorer. Take him out somewhere new and tell him not to wonder off?” She let out a harsh laugh. “Where is your father?”
Crimson had started whimpering in Vianez’s arms.
“He went to the Elders. We searched as best we could, but there are just too many places he could have gotten stuck in or fallen in. We need more help,” Vianez said.
Blana ran her hands through her hair and sat on the arm of sofa. “You are going to have to stay here and take care of Crimson. Ask Penora if you need to.”
“No way. I want to help. Tam is old enough to watch Crimson.”
“I’m not staying here,” Tam said.
Blana banged her hands on the sofa. “Enough. You’re both staying here. I need to go pack for overnight in case we don’t find him before the sun sets. There’s not much daylight left.”
“You’re going to stay out there?” Vianez asked. Crimson had finally settled, so she put him down and he wondered over to his mother and clung to her legs.
“I’m not coming home without my son.” Vianez’s mother bent down towards Crimson. “Mother’s going to go spend the night away tonight. Will you be good for Vianez and Tam?”
“Mama leave?”
“Just for a while. Will you be brave for me?”
“I is brave.” He looked behind him at Vianez and Tam who both nodded their heads eagerly. “Oh yes, very brave,” they said. Crimson seemed satisfied with their response and turned to his mother as if to say, “You see?”
Blana ruffled his hair. “I guess I’ll get ready.”
“I can run to Penora’s?”
“You have ten minutes to be back here. Tam, you watch Crimson.”
Vianez ran as hard as she could. She felt as if she had been running all day. First to look for Annon and then the twenty miles home. Her knees occasionally locked and she nearly fell forward more than once. When she reached Penora’s she banged on the door.
“Vianez!” Mrs. Albany had answered the door.
“Mrs. Albany,” Vianez tried her best to get air into her lungs. “My brother Annon has gone missing along the border where the rift the witches have been working on is located. My parents are going back to look for him and are leaving me to watch after Tam and Crimson.” She took another deep breath. “I was hoping Penora could come stay with me and help.”
“Oh my!” Mrs. Albany turned her head and called for Penora and her husband. “Come in Vianez.”
“I can’t. My mother said I needed to be back in ten minutes.”
“You don’t have to sit down, but let me get you some water at least. You look as if you are about to pass out.” 
Vianez allowed Mrs. Albany to lead her to the kitchen and hand her a large glass of water. Penora and her father appeared in the kitchen doorway seconds later.
“Vianez, what are doing here...are you okay?” Penora asked as she walked up to her friend. 
Vianez shook her head and continued to gulp down the water she had been given. However, Mrs. Albany rehearsed what Vianez had told her.
“Can I go with her?” Penora asked.
“Of course you can,” Mr. and Mrs. Albany said at the same time. “Hurry and pack some things,” her mother added.
“I’m going to go find your father,” Mr. Albany said, “and see what I can do to help.”
“Tell him we both will come look,” Mrs. Albany told him. She kissed him on the cheek and he left the house.
Penora was in the kitchen only a few moments later. “Let’s go. I love you Mother.”
“I love you too. Stay out of trouble,” she called out as the girls slipped through the front door.
***
“Vianez, Tenoch is coming up your walkway.” Penora was standing at the window in the kitchen where the wash bin laid beneath.
“What?” Vianez was clearing the table from breakfast. Her parents hadn’t returned last night, so Vianez could only assume they hadn’t found Annon yet. She moved from the table to look out the window. “I’ll go talk to him.”
“Don’t be so nervous. He’s probably heard what happened to Annon.”
“Right.” Vianez reached for the doorknob to the front door right as Tenoch knocked.
“Wow. That was fast.”
“I saw you from the kitchen window.”
“I know this isn’t a good time, but can I come in?”
Vianez was surprised. Tenoch didn’t come across as being so bold. “Sure.” Only when she stood back to let Tenoch pass, did she notice he was wearing down a slip of paper in his hand. “What’s that?” she asked trying to sound casual.
Tenoch looked down at his hands. He held out the piece of paper. “It’s for you.”
“Okay…” Vianez reached out and took the note from him. Her hand brushed his as she grabbed the slip of paper and she felt goose bumps spring up on her neck. Tenoch stood there as she opened it.
It didn’t take fifteen seconds for Vianez to drop the note and stumble backwards. “What the hell is this?” She said trying to stop her voice from shaking.
“I don’t know, I didn’t read it.”
“How the hell does he even know?”
Penora came out of the kitchen. “What’s going on?”
Vianez looked at her. “Is Tam still outside with Crimson?”
“Yes. Why?”
Vianez pointed at the slip of paper, and Tenoch bent down and picked it up. He held it out for both him and Penora to both read.
“That bastard.” Penora looked away from the note.
“I thought it might be something like this,” Tenoch said, lowering his arms in defeat. “I didn’t mean for this to upset you on top of everything else, Vianez.”
“Too late for that. Why is Cyprian under the impression he can help me find Annon? He’s locked up.”
“I know he’s explored nearly every inch of Owl Flight and our surroundings. He probably really does have a good knowledge of where Annon disappeared.”
Vianez held out her hands to extend her the distance between herself and Tenoch. “I’m not talking to him. And even if I did agree to meet, how am I supposed to get in the jail?”
“You just say you are visiting.” Tenoch said as if the answer was so obvious he couldn’t believe Vianez asked.
“And it won’t look weird that the person who helped put him in jail is visiting him?”
“Maybe we can say we want to face him,” Penora said.
“Do you want to go?” Vianez asked Penora.
“No, but if there’s chance he can help, don’t you think we should check it out?”
Vianez now turned towards Tenoch. “Why doesn’t he tell the Elders? Or he can talk to my father.”
“I don’t know. I have been under the impression that he has wanted to meet with you, but I never pressed the issue with him because I figured there was no chance you would ever talk to him.”
“You’re right. I don’t want to talk to him.” Vianez rubbed her forehead with the heel of her left hand. “There are guards in there right?”
“There are two guards, but they stand outside. They’re right there; it’s not dangerous. There’s too much magic holding him in. He can’t get out, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
Vianez bit her lip. She looked around the living room. The sunlight played around the cream and yellow walls and landed on the latest family portrait that had been taken before the Atils moved to Owl Flight. Vianez’s eyes focused on Annon’s wide grin and squinted eyes. “Okay. We should go now before I change my mind. Penora, do you think you can stay here and keep Tam at bay?”
“I—sure.”
Vianez looked at Tenoch. “We’re not going to be gone long.”
The entire walk there, Vianez murmured things under her breath like “This is so wrong,” and “I can’t believe I’m doing this.”
Tenoch chose to ignore her.
“It’s just up here,” he said. They approached the jail and two guards moved forwards and blocked the door. “Hi, we’re here to see Cyprian.”
The guard on the right raised his eyebrows. “Vianez wants to confront him,” Tenoch added. The guard looked into Vianez’s face then nodded his head, and he and the other guard stood back. Tenoch opened the door and leaned back to let Vianez step in, but she shook her head and gestured at him go first. Vianez wrapped her arms around her body as they stepped inside.
“Cold in here, isn’t it?” Cyprian was leaning against the bars of one of the three cells in the small jail room.
Vianez chose not to respond.
“I take it you got my note?”
Again, silence.
“I have the next fifty years to sit around waiting for you to speak, but I doubt little Annon has that long.”
Vianez’s nostrils flared. “What do you want?” she spat at him.
“To help.”
Vianez moved closer. “You’re a liar.”
Cyprian opened his mouth and placed a hand over his chest. “I most certainly want to help you find Annon, Vianez.”
“Just because you’re a nice guy?”
“Oh, I’m not a nice guy. I want something in return.”
“Of course you do,” Tenoch muttered.
“What was that Tenoch? Speak up if you have something to say.”
Tenoch’s eyes flashed, but he said nothing further.
“That’s what I thought.” Cyprian shifted his weight so his face pressed against the bars.
Vianez leaned away from him. “And how can you help find Annon? There’s already a large search party looking for him. I doubt one more person will make a difference at this point.” She glanced behind her at the door.
“It makes a difference because I know where he is.”
Vianez lowered her arms. “You know where he is from inside a jail cell?”
“When I was a young wolf, I lived out there where that rift is. One day, I left my pack and was exploring the area when I fell into a large cavern.” He licked his lips as if savoring the memory. “There was this wall that wasn’t made out of rocks. It was almost as though it was a wall of water, but when I reached out to touch it, my paw didn’t become wet. I walked through and found myself in a land I had never seen before. I didn’t know it at the time, but I had entered another realm.”
“Another realm?” Vianez found herself closer to Cyprian as if his story had drawn her in.
Tenoch too was transfixed on his dark friend. “You’ve never told me this,” Tenoch said.
Cyprian ignored him and looked at Vianez. “That’s right. And I was stuck. The water wall I had walked through disappeared.”
“How did you get home?”
“You’ll never believe it, but a bloody elf saved me.”
“There were elves in this realm?
“There were. It was this elf who was able to find where I belonged, and helped me locate the water wall that led me back to the cavern, and from there, I was able to climb back out and join my pack.”
It seemed so unbelievable, yet Vianez couldn’t shake the feeling that Cyprian was telling the truth. “So you think this is where Annon has gone to?”
“I’d bet my life on it.”
“And you can find this cavern? You know where it is?”
“I remember it well.”
“Are you going to tell us where it is?” Tenoch asked.
Cyprian leaned back. “No.”
Tenoch threw his arms up in the air. “Of course not.”
“But I’ll show you where it is.”
“And how are you going to do that while you’re in here?” But even as she asked, Vianez saw where the conversation was going. “No way.” She lowered her voice to a whisper. “You want us to break you out?”
Cyprian smiled. Tenoch walked up to him. “Are you crazy? We’re not capable of that. You’re seriously going to hold the life of her brother over her head?”
“I want out. Vianez wants her brother back. I don’t see the problem.”
“The problem is you’re a murderer,” Vianez snapped.
“I didn’t kill anyone.”
“Just set it up so he would be killed.” She looked at Tenoch. “I can’t do this. I’m leaving.”
She dashed out of the jail without Tenoch and hurried back towards the main road. Her mind was spinning. As much as she wanted to believe Cyprian was lying, she couldn’t. She felt there was something he wasn’t sharing, but she believed him about the other realm and believed the rift could have torn a hole between their world and this other world. Her father still hadn’t sent word of finding Annon. If there really wasn’t a possibility that he had been taken by someone, then he should have been found by this point, even if he had fallen somewhere and bumped his head. But the thought of breaking Cyprian out of prison made her stomach flip in circles. Even if she could manage it without being caught, which she very much doubted, she wasn’t sure she could let the person who was behind Mr. Kazmin’s murder go free.
“Vianez, wait up!” She heard Tenoch running to catch up to her, but didn’t look behind and kept walking home. “Vianez, wait.” Tenoch was at her side and reached out for her arm, but she pulled away.
“I have to get home, Tenoch. The last thing I need is for Tam to tell my parents I disappeared for almost an hour.”
“All right. Can I walk you home?”
“I guess,” she said, staring determinedly at the dirt road.
Tenoch stuffed his hands in the pockets of his trousers and slowed his step to mimic Vianez’s. “I understand you are upset. I had no idea that was where Cyprian was getting the conversation to go. I can’t believe he would have the guts to ask you to break him out.”
“Why doesn’t he ask someone else? Someone more powerful, for one thing. What can I do?”
“I would help you,” Tenoch said, suddenly very somber.
Vianez turned her head to look at him, but didn’t stop walking. “What? No. We shouldn’t even be talking about this.” She looked back at her feet.
“Well, I would. Just so you know.”
Vianez grabbed her hair. “This is insane. We should tell the Elders what Cyprian said and let them make him show us where the passage to the other realm is.”
“We could try. I don’t know if they could make him tell us, though.”
“Then they can deal with him. Lessen his sentence. I don’t know.” They were outside the Atil cottage. “Let’s drop. I don’t want Tam to overhear.”
***
An hour later, after convincing Tam to lie down with Crimson for a while because he “looked tired from the stress of yesterday,” Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch sat around the kitchen table.
“I just thought of something,” Penora said.
“What’s that?” Vianez looked at her friend.
“What if we try to find the cavern ourselves? Wait, hear me out. You’ve been working with your mother strengthening your elf powers. Don’t you think you have a chance to ‘sense’ out the cavern and reach Annon?”
Vianez rubbed a hand across her lips and bit down on her nails. “That’s an idea. I mean, why not? Now that we know there is a cavern and it’s in the area Annon disappeared, let’s get him without Cyprian.”
“Right. Although, if that’s the case, why not just tell your Mother about it too,” Penora said.
“Can I point something out?” Tenoch said. “If we tell anyone about what Cyprian’s told us, there isn’t any way to go back if we fail.”
Vianez shook her head. “What do you mean?”
“If we can’t find the cavern, if you or your mother aren’t able to figure out how to reach Annon, we can’t use Cyprian to help because by that point, everyone will know it was us who broke him out.”
“You keep talking like we’re actually going to help him,” Penora said.
“I’m saying I don’t think we should give up this option. What if Cyprian really is the only one who can help? If we tell your parents he’ll only help if he’s free from jail, and we can’t find Annon on our own and need Cyprian’s help, we can’t very well break him out because everyone will know who did it.”
“I get that,” Penora said, “but really, with the information he gave up, we can take care of it without him.”
“I don’t know,” Vianez said. “I keep getting this feeling that he’s left something out so we’ll need him.” She leaned on her elbows on the table’s surface. Okay. Let’s do this. My Father should be contacting us by tonight. If they haven’t found him, we go to the mountains tomorrow and search ourselves for the day. Then, depending on what happens, we’ll go from there.”
“Okay,” Tenoch and Penora both said.
“Okay then.” Vianez slumped back into her chair and stared at the wall across from her for a long time.
***
“Vianez, it’s Father!” Tam yelled from downstairs.
Vianez and Penora raced downstairs. Vianez had just cleared the landing at the bottom of the stairs when her father opened the door.
“Father! Did you find him?” Vianez said at the same time Tam said, “Where’s Annon?” and Crimson shouted for Blana.
“Hold on! Let a man sit. That’s better. We haven’t found Annon yet. We’ve been searching nonstop. The Elders now are considering he may have been kidnapped after all.” Reynold put his head in his hands. “But your mother is sure he’s there somewhere, she just can’t see it is what she keeps saying.” Penora and Vianez glanced at one another. “And she says she won’t come home until Annon is with her. I had to come check on you, though.”
“We’ve only been alone for twenty-four hours.” Vianez sat next him. “Father, Penora and I feel that we should come look. At least for a while. Please.”
“If Vianez gets to go, I do too.”
Reynold help up his hand to Tam. He looked at Vianez. “I’m staying the night here. Tomorrow, you and Penora can come with me, but I’m sending you home with someone in the afternoon. Agreed?
“Thank you,” Vianez kissed her father on the cheek and went into the kitchen to make him tea, ignoring the protests coming from Tam.
Penora followed her. “Should we tell Tenoch?”
“Maybe. You’ll have to do it though. You have a better chance of slipping out.”
“All right. Do you want to heat up some leftover dinner for your father as well?”
“Yes, but why don’t I take care of all that, and you go head off Tenoch. How he’s going to get there though, I don’t know.”
“I’ll tell him if he wants to come, he’ll have to figure something out.”
***
The next morning, much to Tam’s dismay, Reynold took Vianez and Penora to help search for Annon. “He’ll get over it,” Vianez assured her father when Tam refused to look at any of them as they left.
Vianez was surprised to see Tenoch waiting at the corner of the Atil property. She glanced at Penora who shrugged her shoulders but didn’t seem surprised. “Um, Father, this is Tenoch.” Vianez wasn’t sure how to explain to Reynold why Tenoch was here.
“Mr. Atil,” Tenoch held out his hand. “I would very much like to go with the three of you sir to search for Annon. I know you don’t know me, but I can help.”
Reynold sighed and looked at Vianez who, luckily, looked so bewildered to see Tenoch there, she wasn’t suspected of a set up. “Son. Does your father know you are here?”
“He does, sir.”
“Then you are responsible for yourself. You may travel with us, but you’ll have to ask the witch who is taking Vianez and Penora home if you may join their party. Otherwise, I’m afraid it is a very long walk back home.
“I understand.”
“Very well. Everyone hold on to someone’s hand.”
Vianez tried to ignore the stinging in her fingers when Tenoch grabbed her hand. She chanced a glance at him, but when she caught him looking at her, she turned her attention towards her father and willed her cheeks to stop changing color.
Vianez didn’t know if she would ever get used to traveling this way. While she and her companions moved their legs as though they were running, their feet didn’t touch the ground. The landscaped blurred slightly as they rushed by. Reynold had been working with Vianez for more than a year teaching her how to travel this way. She couldn’t move as quickly as her father could, but she had worked her way up to being able to travel twelve miles in one hour. As long as her father or her brothers had hung on to her, they were able to travel just as fast.
Traveling this way always made Vianez feel a little dizzy, especially when her father was in control because he could travel such great distances in a short amount of time, and sure enough, they reached the search party an hour later.
Blana looked torn between wanting to hug and scold Vianez. She settled for both and after hugging her, held her at arms’ length and chastised her for leaving Tam and Crimson.
“I feel like I need to be here, Mother. Just give us a chance too. Maybe we’ll catch something that’s been overlooked.”
Blana looked behind her daughter at the other two teenagers, then back at Vianez. “Okay. But you stay close.”
Vianez nodded her head as fast as she could and headed towards the mountainside with Penora and Tenoch. Looking in the direction she had last seen him go, she said, “I’m sure he went this way.”
She felt optimistic as she focused her mind on the cavern Cyprian had described and her brother’s face. However, three hours later that optimism was wearing down. “I expected this to be easier,” she grumbled as she passed Tenoch who had made the mistake of bring up Cyprian again. They had traveled over three miles, looking for anything that could lead to a cavern big enough for Annon to fit in. They had even explored the large crevice Vianez had discovered the first day Annon had gone missing, but they couldn’t detect any magic that would suggest the entrance to another realm lay close by.
“Vianez!” Vianez turned to the sound of her father. “Let’s go!” Reynold added once he saw Vianez looking at him.
“I don’t know what to say,” Penora said. “I’m with you. I thought we’d find him today.”
“I know you don’t want me to say it—” but Vianez cut across Tenoch.
“Then don’t. My father’s right there.”
***
Iaro, who worked with Vianez and Penora’s fathers, helped Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch get home after a late lunch. Tam was waiting outside with Crimson when they returned to the Atil home. Vianez was tempted to not let Tenoch in, but he had helped look for Annon, and he wasn’t to be blamed for Cyprian’s cryptic messages.
“A letter is waiting for you on the table, Vianez.” Tam handed her Crimson then interrogated Penora and Tenoch about the search party while Vianez went into the kitchen with Crimson and opened the letter. She recognized the smudged scrawl; it was from Cyprian.
“Penora!” Penora, Tenoch, and Tam all walked into the kitchen. Vianez looked at Tam. “I want to talk to Penora alone.”
“Fine. I suppose Penora also means Tenoch? I’ll just take Crimson upstairs. You’re in charge of dinner.”
“I hungry,” Crimson piped up.
“I’ll have dinner ready soon.” As soon as she heard Tam and Crimson finish walking upstairs, Vianez turned to Penora and Tenoch. She held out Cyprian’s letter. “He says he wants to see us again because I left before he could tell me something ‘vital’ about this other realm that will put Annon’s life at risk.” She tried to keep herself from shaking and focused on Tenoch. “Do you think he’s messing with us or can he really help?”
“I think he can help, but he won’t without us doing what he wants. It’s worth it to talk to him again to find out what else he knows.”
“Let’s just go right now. I don’t want to keep putting this off. Annon’s already been missing for almost three days now.” She grabbed her jacket.
“What about Tam?” Penora asked.
Vianez glanced up at her.
Penora huffed. “Oh all right, I’ll make dinner and keep them occupied. But you better hurry. It’ll be dark in an hour.”
“We’ll be back before then.”
The walk to the jail felt as unfamiliar as it had the day before. “Don’t let him rile you,” Tenoch said to Vianez as the guards parted and allowed them entrance.
Cyprian was sitting on the cot in his cell when they walked in. “Well, look who it is. I was beginning to wonder whether you had gotten my message or if you had decided your poor little brother is a lost cause.”
Vianez’s mouth twitched, but Tenoch put a hand on her arm. She steadied her voice then said, “You wanted to tell me something else about this realm?”
“Yes.” Cyprian stood up and walked over the bars of his cell and clung to them. “I was going to warn you that before you go ahead and try to find Annon yourself and waste time, you should know that once he’s lived in this new realm for three days, he can’t come back.”
Vianez gulped at the air, unable to breathe. Tenoch glared at Cyprian. “Three days? That gives us until noon tomorrow.”
“Well we could have gotten started today. Oh wait, don’t tell me. You thought you could do this without me.” Cyprian laughed. “Time is running out. What are you going to do?”
Vianez pictured drowning Cyprian in the town well and looked up at him; he took a step back. “We’re going home. Come on, Tenoch.” With one last glance at Cyprian, Vianez grabbed Tenoch’s arm and pulled him behind her out of the door.
They bowed to the guards then hurried back to the main road.
“What was that about?” Tenoch asked.
Vianez didn’t look at him. “We have to do it once it gets dark.”
“You’re serious? I thought…”
“If Annon has just over twelve hours before he’s lost, then yes, I’ll do it. If we have a chance of saving him, I’ll do it.”
“Okay.”
Vianez turned on him. “What? You’ve been talking about Cyprian all day and now you don’t want to?”
“Well you’ve been against it all day and now you’re not.”
Vianez started walking towards her home again. “I’m sorry. I’m thinking about how we’re going to pull this off. I’m going to have to get my father’s spell book. Um,” she looked around and lowered her voice, “I’m thinking of putting the guards to sleep, but I have no idea how we are going to hide the fact that we’re the ones who have done this. And I need to think of a way to keep Cyprian from taking back his word once we do free him.”
“How about this? We get Annon, let the search party ‘find’ him, and make it back here before anyone knows we’re gone.”
“And Cyprian?”
“He managed to break out.”
As they approached Vianez’s home, she said, “I think I’m going to be sick. Here. Let’s go in the back door to avoid Tam.”
“Where were you?” Tam was standing right inside the backdoor with his hands on his hips.
“You look like Mother when you do that. We went for a walk. Sorry I didn’t feel I needed to ask for your permission since you’re eleven.” Vianez brushed by him and sat down at the dinner table.
Tam joined her. “What’s your problem?”
Vianez looked into her brothers eyes. They were as dark as their father’s. “Nothing. I mean. Annon. Obviously.” Vianez put her forehead on the table. “I’m just worried, Tam. I’m sorry.” She lifted her head and looked up at him again. “You’ve been really cool taking care of Crimson. I appreciate it.”
“Oh. Well.” Tam’s chest puffed out ever so slightly. Vianez pretended not to notice. She instead looked at Penora who nodded and said, “Why don’t you and Tam give Crimson his bath, and Tenoch and I will clean up.”
“Alright. That sounds like fun, huh, Tam?”
Tam’s brows furrowed, but he agreed and followed Vianez upstairs.
***
“So I take it Tenoch has filled you in?” Vianez said to Penora an hour and a half later. She was carrying a large volume in her arms and laid the book down on the kitchen table.
“Yes, and I guess I’m with you on this. I can’t see any way out of it. If what Cyprian says is true, then we’re out of options.”
“Okay. There’s spell in here that will put the guards to sleep for a while, and I’ve done this one before. Also, I did find something in here that should bind Cyprian to us until he fulfils his word to us. The spell I can handle. The catch is to get Cyprian to give his word and shake my hand before he realizes what I’m doing.”
“So basically, don’t give anything away?” Tenoch said, smiling.
“I think to not look too eager at him giving his word is the idea,” Penora said.
“I just said that.”
Vianez held her hands up. “Crimson’s in bed and will sleep through the night. Tam’s gone to bed and should fall asleep within the hour.”
Tenoch picked up Reynold’s book and flipped through the pages. “Why don’t you just put them under a sleeping spell?”
“It feels worse doing it to them. I already feel guilty; I don’t want to do that.”
“Fair enough. I take it you can get us there the same way your father did?”
“Kind of. Not as fast. It’ll probably take two hours.”
“So that’s four hours total to travel? No pressure.”
“Tenoch, Vianez is doing her best. Can you get us there any faster? Then don’t complain about it.” Penora took the book from Tenoch’s hands and placed it back on the table. “So where are your packs? We’ll need some supplies,” she said to Vianez.
***
“Ouch!”
“Shh.”
“Well, you stepped on my foot.”
Vianez waved her hand behind her. “Will you two be quiet? I get one shot at this.” Crouching low, she moved close enough to see the guards. She glanced down at the notes she had scribbled from her father’s spellbook, and muttered the words, “ad somnum.” They floated out of her mouth and hung in the air. She blew them in the direction of the guards who fell to the ground as soon as the spell hit them.
Then it was Tenoch’s turn. He ran up the guards and bound their hands together. Penora and Vianez emerged from the bushes as Tenoch unlocked the door to the jail. Cyprian was standing in the middle of his cell, waiting as though he knew they had been there the whole time.
Vianez focused on the spell she was about to use on him. “Before we let you out, you need to give me your word that you will help us find Annon.”
Cyprian approached Vianez. “You’ve changed your tune.” He looked her up and down. “All right. I give you my word. I will help you find Annon.”
Vianez held out her hand and Cyprian paused only for a moment before he reached through the bars and shook it. A red spark ignited between their closed palms.
“What the—?” Cyprian tried to pull away, but Vianez held firm until she felt the spark cool.
Cyprian looked livid. “What did you just do to me?”
“A spell to make sure you keep your word. You’re not free until we find Annon.” 
Cyprian kicked the bars and spat at her. 
“That’s not going to change anything.” Vianez laughed at his discomfort.
“And if I decide to just kill you?”
“You can’t. You’re bound to us.”
“Why not just you?”
“Because I included Penora and Tenoch when I asked for your word to help us find Annon.”
“Bitch.” He hit the bars again. “Fine. Let me out.”
Tenoch turned the key in the cell lock as Vianez concentrated on Cyprian’s release. It only took a few minutes and the cell bars lowered into the ground.
Tenoch replaced the key in the guard’s holster as they left the jail. Vianez looked around one more time before dodging into the nearby bushes. “Everyone grab someone’s hand, and don’t let go. I’m not proficient at this, so again, whatever you do, do not let go.”
They found themselves moving sideways every few minutes, but Vianez had been on target with her guess of two hours even if the experience had left everyone, even Cyprian, dizzy.
“You really suck at that,” Cyprian said, once he was able to stand.
“At least I got us here faster than we could have managed otherwise. So where are we looking?”
Cyprian squinted in the dark. “You brought us almost right to it. I take it this is where you last saw him?”
“Yes. So we were right; he did despair here. He didn’t wander off for miles.”
“Nope. He’s here. It’s just a ways up.” He glanced around at their surroundings. “By the way, where is this search party?”
“Camped about a mile from here. We better be quiet though. Just in case.”
They climbed almost a quarter of a mile up the rocky mountain when Cyprian held out his hand. “It’s here.” He crouched so low, Vianez couldn’t see him, and then his voice rang out, “Come on!”
Tenoch motioned for himself to go next. Vianez stood up straighter and craned her neck this time to see where they were headed. Barely visible in the moon’s light, was an opening no bigger than a frying pan. Vianez’s jaw dropped as Tenoch squeezed himself through it. No wonder they hadn’t found it. Vianez had probably even looked at this crack when searching for Annon on the first day, but wouldn’t have given it a second thought because of its size. Penora went next, and Vianez brought up the rear.
The cavern wasn’t like anything Vianez had ever seen before. Light bounced off the walls, floor, and ceiling, and one wall truly looked to be made of water. “Amazing.” She moved closer to the water wall and reached out her hand.
From behind her, Cyprian said, “Focus on your brother. Try to see him through the water.”
As Vianez did so, images started to appear in the water. Thick lush forests unlike the ones in Owl Flight appeared. Vines hung from trees pulling them into one another like a spider’s web. She saw creatures she didn’t recognize such as one that looked like a cross between a bird and a human, but she also saw the familiar faces of elves. And then, stranded on a patch of rocky earth in the middle of a lake without a single tree or shrub on it, was Annon.
He was staring into the sky when his eyes locked onto Vianez’s. He gasped and Vianez was shocked to see him mouth her name.
“Annon! Can you see him?” She didn’t dare turn to the others and break her eye contact with her brother.
“I can’t see anything,” Penora said.
Tenoch and Cyprian murmured in agreement.
“He’s stuck on piece of earth in the middle of a lake. Can I reach for him?”
She felt someone move closer to her, but didn’t want to risk taking her eyes off of Annon. She leaned forward and reached her hand out.
“Here, let me help.” She felt Cyprian’s hand on her back push her forward at the same time she heard Tenoch yell, “What are you doing?” and Penora scream her name.
With a gasp, Vianez fell through the water. Her stomach leaped into her chest as she fell towards the land Annon was standing on, but before she reached him, a small hand grabbed a hold of one of hers. Breaking her eye contact with Annon for the first time, she glanced up and saw Penora’s face, neck, and the one arm that was reaching for her. She looked back at Annon who was staring at her with his mouth opened.
“Hang on!” Penora’s voice echoed in Vianez’s ears. “Tenoch, help! I can’t hang on to her!” Penora’s other arm reached through and she held Vianez’s hand in both of hers.
Far away, as if at the back of a cave, Vianez heard Tenoch’s voice echo. “You can’t do this. You made a deal.”
“Yeah. I promised to help you find Annon. You’ve found him. I never said I would help you bring him back.” Cyprian’s voice was faint but the cruelness of his tone seeped into Vianez’s skin.
“You bastard!”
“Tenoch, no! Leave him! She’s slipping!”
Vianez fell a few more feet. Penora shrieked as her torso now made its way into the unexplored world.
Vianez reached her hand towards Annon. He was too far away. “Can you lower me?” She called up to Penora. She heard Penora repeat her request to Tenoch, and then she felt herself inch closer to Annon. “Reach up Annon!”
As she moved closer, she was taken aback at the gray tinge that covered her brother’s skin. His eyes were slightly pink and his hair almost so blonde, it looked white. “Come on Annon! You can do it. Reach for me! Jump!”
She glanced up again; Penora’s entire body was now in the realm with her and she could see Tenoch’s hands hanging onto Penora’s ankles.
“Vianez. If you can hear me, get Annon! I can’t hold on much longer.” Tenoch’s forearms were starting to shake.
“He’s still just too far away, and I’m slipping.” She twisted herself and grabbed Penora’s hands with both of hers. “Annon, grab my ankles. Come on, Annon, please!”
Annon finally reached his arms up.
“That’s it. Can you grab my ankles? Or even my shoes?” Vianez could feel Penora’s body start to tremble.
“Argh!” Tenoch’s head, shoulders, and chest fell through the water wall. “Vianez, you’ve got to grab him!”
Vianez focused as hard as she could on Annon. “Annon, you’ve got to jump. Come on, I’ll help you, but you’ve got to jump first.” He did. With all the strength she had left, Vianez used magic to push him the rest of the way up so he was able to grab her legs. “Don’t let go! I’ve got him! Pull us up!”
“I’m trying. I can’t. No!” Tenoch lost his footing and fell forward into the realm. Penora screamed and Vianez yelled, bracing herself to hit the stony earth Annon had been trapped on. But the impact never came. Frozen in midair, Vianez felt herself being pulled up. Storm clouds began to gather around her and Annon, but still, they moved upwards. Vianez could just slightly move her head and craned it as much as she could to look above her. Tenoch’s body was gone and Penora’s head was just disappearing back into the water wall. Her eyes were wide, and she appeared unable to move as well. 
The clouds darkened and wrapped themselves around Vianez and Annon. No. You’re not keeping us here. You can’t take him back. He belongs with us, in our world. She felt Annon being pulled from her.
Her head now broke through the water and she was able to speak. “They’re trying to take him, hurry! Pull us up!” The storm clouds yanked her down again. She couldn’t move her arms, which were still stretched above her, to hold Annon; all she could do was watch in terror as the clouds attempted to pry his arms off of her legs.
The upper half of Tenoch’s body reached through and grabbed her forearms while Penora still clung to her hands. “Hang on!” He tugged her so hard, Vianez wanted to yell out in pain, but it was enough. She and Annon were pulled back into their own world before the clouds could get Annon loose.
As soon as they were through, Vianez found she could move again. She crawled to Annon who was lying on the floor on his back. His eyes were wide opened. She cupped his face in her hands. “Annon?” His body jerked, and he started coughing. “Oh, Annon!” she threw her arms around him and scooped him up into a hug. Penora knelt down beside them and rubbed Annon’s back. Satisfied he was alright, Vianez looked around the cavern. “Tam!” She scrambled to her feet. “What are you—? How did you—? Did you pull us up?”
Tam nodded. He appeared torn between being pleased with himself and being afraid of what had just happened.
“How? That was...how did you manage that?”
Tam ran his fingers through his hair. “I don’t know.”
“And how did you even get here?” Vianez approached him and bent down, looking into his eyes.
“I listened in on what you were up to tonight, and I followed you. And, well, when I got here—”
“Wait. You can make yourself speed travel?”
“Yeah. I’ve been practicing. I’m not as fast as you yet, so when I got here, I saw Cyprian climbing out of the mountainside, but I didn’t see any of you, so I ran over to where he appeared and found this crack. I wouldn’t have seen it if I hadn’t been looking at the ground. I could hear yelling, you see.” He took a deep breath and pulled on his ear.  “I climbed in here just as Tenoch’s legs disappeared into this wall. And I don’t know. I ran over to it, put my head and arms through, and you all froze in midair. And I guess I just pulled you up. I don’t know how to explain it.”
Vianez’s face softened. She reached out and pulled Tam’s hand away from his ear. “You’re going to rub your ear off if you keep doing that.”
“So what now?” Tenoch had picked Annon up in his arms.
Vianez took a deep breath. “Tam, you know what we did?”
“You helped Cyprian escape.”
“Tam, please, you can’t tell anyone. We’ll end up in jail. You know we only did it to save Annon?”
Tam nodded his head. “I know. I won’t tell. I promise.”
“We’re going to let the search party find Annon and pretend we were never here.”
“Why?”
“If they know we were out the same night Cyprian escaped, it is going to look suspicious.”
“What I don’t know,” Penora said, “is how we are going to keep Annon quiet. He’s sort of out of it right now. Who knows what he’ll remember in the morning or what he’ll say.”
“Here, give him this. It’ll make him kind of funny for a day or two, but he shouldn’t be able to remember much of tonight,” Tam was holding out a bag of fine powder.
“Is that allucinari powder? Where did you get it?”
“Well. Um. Okay, I was going to play a prank on you. I’ve had it in my pockets for a few days, but then this happened with Annon, and I forgot about it till now.”
“You’ve been wearing those same pants for days?”
“I think we have other things to worry about, Vianez.” Tenoch set Annon on the ground and reached out for the powder.
Penora stepped back from them. “Be careful not to inhale any yourself,” she said.
“I won’t.” Tenoch bent over Annon, and sprinkled the powder over his nose and mouth. Annon coughed a few times as he breathed in the powder, but then he closed his eyes and fell asleep.” Tenoch lifted him in his arms again. “If we’re careful, we can set him down close enough to the search party that they will find him tomorrow morning.”
Once they climbed out of the cavern, they found a grouping of boulders that would protect Annon for the night, but still make it possible for him to be found the next day.
Moving through the dark, so not to be seen, they headed for the tree line. As they walked towards the edge of the forests to travel back home, Vianez went rigid. “Tam?”
“Yes?”
“Where’s Crimson?” She turned around.
“Asleep in his bed.”
“Alone?”
Tam backed away. “He always sleeps through the night. He’s fine.”
Vianez stalked towards him. “You left him alone? He’s three!”
Tam held his hands up. “What happened to me being the greatest and you know, saving your life?”
Vianez held her fist out. “Don’t get me started.”
Tenoch reached out and held onto Vianez’s arm. “Let’s get back. You said yourself Crimson never wakes up in the middle of the night. I’m sure he’s fine.”
Vianez lowered her arm. “Fine. Everyone hold on to each other. Tam, if you help me, we might be able to get home sooner.”
***
Everything in the cottage was still dark and quiet when they returned. Vianez hustled inside and checked on Crimson first, before coming back downstairs and sending Tam up to his room. Once he left the living room, she looked at her two friends. “I can’t tell you how much it means to me that you were both willing to risk so much to help Annon.”
Penora hugged her. “That’s what friends do. Besides, I’m coming to accept being friends with you means getting into trouble.”
Vianez laughed. “I’ll be honest with you. I did not live this way in Pelmon.” Sobering, she looked at Tenoch. “Thank you, for, for everything.”
“I’m sorry about Cyprian.”
“Me too. But when I think about it, we never would have found Annon without him showing us. We didn’t have much of a choice, and Annon’s life is worth it. Is anyone going to notice you’ve been out tonight?”
“No. But I better get back home. Tomorrow is going to be a nightmare when it’s discovered Cyprian escaped.”
“Yes. Probably best if you don’t come around for a few days.”
“Goodnight.” Tenoch reached out as if to hug Vianez, but ended up bowing with his hands held up.
“Goodnight,” Vianez and Penora replied. 
Vianez watched out of the glass window until she couldn’t see him anymore.
Penora followed her gaze then looked at her. “We better get to bed too.”
***
“Vianez! Tam!” Vianez heard the sound of her father’s voice enter the house with a boom. She glanced over at Penora who was also sitting up in her bed; neither of them had fallen asleep.
“At least he sounds happy,” Vianez said and stood up and grabbed her robe. “Wish me luck.” She bumped into Tam on her way to the stairs. They glanced at each other for a moment then turned their attention to their parents who had walked into the house carrying Annon.
“You found him!” Tam let out a whoop and jumped the last four stairs. Vianez was taken aback by her brother’s skill at acting surprised. She rushed downstairs too.
“Hey kid.” She ruffled Annon’s hair then hugged both her mother and father.
“Is Penora still here?” Blana asked, collapsing on the couch.
“She’s upstairs. Is he okay?” she pointed to Annon.
“He will be,” Reynold said, sitting on the couch next to his wife, still holding Annon. “The Elders took a look at him, and it seems like he got himself caught up in some kind of magic, but he’s healthy.”
Vianez sat on the coffee table so she could face her parents. “Where was he?”
“Right on the mountainside where we were camped. Necalli found him this morning, just sleeping there. I don’t know if he wandered back to us or what, but it’s him. He’s okay.”
“Has he woken up?” Tam asked.
“No. Still sleeping. Like I said. Some kind of magic has been involved here, but I think he’ll sleep it off.”
“The point is he’s home,” Blana said.
“You look exhausted, Mother.”
“I am.”
A cry from upstairs let them known Crimson had just woken up. “I’ll get him.” Vianez started to rise.
“No, let me.” Blana stood up and headed for the stairs.
“Your mother has hardly slept or eaten anything since she’s been gone. I want you both to do the cooking and cleaning for her for a few days.”
“We will, Father,” Vianez and Tam said together.
“Good. I’m going to go clean Annon up and put him to bed.”
News reached the Atil cottage an hour later about the escape of Cyprian. Everyone, except Annon, was sitting in the living room when the knock on the door came. Neither Vianez, Penora, nor Tam dared make eye contact with one another as Reynold spoke to the messenger.
“I don’t see how something like this could have happened. Thank you for letting us know. I’ll put up some protection spells around the house.” Reynold closed the door and looked at everyone. “No one is to go outside by themselves for a few days. Penora, I’m going to take you home as soon as I put some protection around the house. It’s not likely, but there is a chance Cyprian may feel revengeful towards you and Vianez. If your parents don’t have word yet, they will when we get there. I don’t want you all to be scared, but we’ll take some precautions until the matter is resolved.”
He walked into his study. Blana turned to her children. “How could he have escaped? I was under the impression he couldn’t do magic.”
“He’s a werewolf though. So he did have magic in him. He must have figured something out,” Vianez said, not looking Blana directly in the eye.
“Vianez? Come in here.”
Vianez turned towards her father’s study. She looked at her mother who shrugged her shoulders.
“Coming.” She walked into the study.
“Shut the door.” Reynold was standing at the bookcase. Vianez did as she asked then looked at her father. He watched her for a moment then reached out his hand towards the large volume of spells Vianez had used to free Cyprian. With a lurch in her gut, she realized in her haste, she had put it back in the wrong spot.
Reynold grabbed the volume and dropped it on the desk with a thud. He looked at his daughter. There weren’t any signs of the usual smile in his face or sparkle in his eyes. “I think you have some explaining to do.”
Episode Three: You Teach This Class
“Shut the door.” Reynold was standing at the bookcase. Vianez did as he asked then looked at her father. He watched her for a moment then reached out his hand towards the large volume of spells Vianez had used to free Cyprian. With a lurch in her gut, she realized in her haste, she had put it back in the wrong spot.
Reynold grabbed the volume and dropped it on the desk with a thud. He looked at his daughter. There weren’t any signs of the usual smile in his face or sparkle in his eyes. “I think you have some explaining to do.”
“Father, I can—”
“What? Explain? Explain why during the same night Cyprian escaped and Annon ended up near our campsite, my spellbook was moved? Explain why anyone was in my study without my permission? What exactly would you like to explain Vianez?”
Vianez held up her hands. “Hear me out. Please.” Reynold nodded his head and Vianez lowered her arms. “The day after Annon went missing, Cyprian sent me a message saying he knew where Annon was. My first thought was to ignore him, but I was so worried, I figured I would find out what he had to say.” Vianez continued to describe the cavern Cyprian said existed and explained how he said he would help only if Vianez helped him escaped. “We left right then and there.”
“We? You and Penora?”
“No. Tenoch and me.”
“Tenoch. Of course. Fine. And this is why you wanted to look for Annon that next day?”
“Yes.”
“Why didn’t you tell your mother and me what was going on?”
“I knew Cyprian was holding something back, and I thought if we didn’t find Annon and told you about it, all would be lost. I’m sorry.”
Reynold sat down and put his head in his hands. “So what happened after you got home last night?”
Vianez started pacing the room. “Cyprian had sent another message. Tenoch and I went to speak with him again, and this time he told us that Annon would only have three days before he was trapped forever.” Vianez wanted her father to understand how crucial this decision had been for her. “That meant we only had until noon today to find him. So I decided to go through with what Cyprian had asked. It was my choice. I took your spellbook and put the guards under asleep and released Cyprian.”
Reynold looked up. “That’s wonderful, Vianez. You helped a murderer go free. One, if you remember, you helped put in prison.”
Vianez hung her head but said nothing.
“Please tell me how you found Annon,” his voice wasn’t any softer, but Reynold’s jaw had loosened and his eyes had lost their fury.
Vianez finished telling her story to him, explaining how they had found the cavern, how Cyprian had pushed her in and escaped while Penora and Tenoch tried to save her, and how Tam had shown up and saved them all. “Then we put Annon near your campsite and came home.”
Reynold stood up so abruptly, Vianez backed up until her back hit the door. Reynold placed his hands on his desk and leaned towards Vianez. “I don’t know what to say. I am livid you would even go speak to Cyprian, let alone break him out of jail. You’ve put your life and the lives of your brother and your friends all in danger of becoming prisoners.”
“But if we hadn’t done this, we would have lost Annon.”
“I love all my children, Vianez. I believe what you have told me, but I can’t pretend that I don’t feel that there was a chance of saving Annon without breaking the law if you had just told your mother and me about your first conversation with Cyprian. I see your intentions were to save Annon’s life, but you went terribly off course to achieve the results you did.”
Vianez didn’t want to ask it, but she couldn’t stand not knowing. “What happens now?”
Reynold let out a laugh, but it was harsh and mocking. “Honestly? I don’t know. The guards know you and Tenoch visited Cyprian twice right before his escaped. You don’t think that will look suspicious?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“They can’t think I’m capable of something like that?”
“I don’t know what they’ll think, Vianez. Apparently, you are capable.” He held up a hand as Vianez opened her mouth to speak again. “I have to take Penora home. And then the Elders are coming over later today to check on Annon, and now, I’m sure, to discuss Cyprian. I’ll have to also tell your mother everything you told me.” He grabbed the spellbook and placed it back in its proper place.
“Are you going to tell the Elders?”
Reynold looked like he wanted to cry. “Of course not. I won’t send you to jail. But I’m not helping you cover your tracks either. Go on now.”
Vianez walked out of the room with Reynold right behind her. She took Penora upstairs to help her pack while her father walked around the perimeter of their house putting protection spells on it.
“He knows,” she said. It was cold; it was blunt. Vianez only felt numb about the whole experience they had gone through in the past twelve hours.
“What’s going to happen?” Penora asked.
“He says we’re on our own. If the Elders to end up questioning us, we have to deal with it. But he won’t tell them. I don’t think he’ll tell your parents either, although he is going to tell Mother.”
“I feel sick.”
“Same here.”
“I guess I won’t see you for a bit then? You’re probably grounded, huh?”
“I think I’ve finally gone beyond grounded, but yes, you’re right.”
They heard Reynold calling for Penora. “I’m so sorry I dragged you into this,” Vianez said.
“You didn’t drag me into anything. I make my own choices. Good luck, huh?”
“You too.” Vianez stayed in her bedroom while Penora walked downstairs. A few seconds later, Vianez heard the front door shut. She fell backwards onto her bed and stared at the ceiling. Stupid. That stupid book. She rolled over onto her side and knew no more.
***
“We’re pleased to see him looking so well.” The Atil family, including Annon, sat in their living room with Elders Eleni, Xochtil, and Ibis for the second time in two days. Annon was still having trouble remembering everything, but his complexion, hair, and eyes were all back to their natural coloring, and he was talking and laughing with everyone.
“No news about Cyprian.” Elder Eleni leaned forward and set her tea cup on the coffee table.
Vianez felt her stomach twist.
“It’s been two days and we haven’t heard any word about him. But, we do believe that he’s clear of Owl Flight. It would be foolish for him to stick around, but naturally, your family should take precautions.
“We will,” Reynold said.
Blana leaned forward as well. “Have you any clues to how he escaped?” Vianez felt her father look at her, but she focused on Crimson instead, who was currently sitting in Annon’s lap.
“No. The guards can’t remember anything that happened to them three days leading up his escape, so we can’t be sure what happened. What we believed occurred is that while the town’s focus was turned towards Annon, someone in Cyprian’s circle took the advantage to help him escape. We are positive there isn’t any way he could have managed this alone.”
“I see.” Blana leaned back, apparently lost in her own thoughts.
“On the other hand, we have news for Vianez, Tam, and Annon,” Elder Xochtil said.
Vianez forced her eyes to leave Crimson’s head and looked at the Elder.
“We have found a new schoolmaster, or perhaps I should say, schoolmistress as the case may be. A Ms. Bellatrix Rohn is passing through our little town and plans to be here for at least a month. She’s up the job, and at least that will give us another month to find a more permanent replacement. School will start Monday morning.”
Vianez tried to mimic Tam and Annon’s excitement, but only managed an uncomfortable grin.
Elder Eleni stood up. “We should be off. We still need to set up the schoolhouse. We’re happy to see Annon is looking so well. You take care, young man,” she bowed to Annon, who scrambled to his feet and provided her with an awkward bow in return.
Reynold stood too and the rest of the family followed suit. They all bowed to the Elders and Reynold showed them out. “Well that will be nice to be back in school, won’t it,” he said when he returned to the living room.
“I can’t wait to show the new teacher what I can do!” Annon said.
“Yes, and I can show her that I’m starting to make objects vanish,” Tam added.
“I’m going to start dinner,” Vianez said and walked into the kitchen.
Her father still hadn’t told her mother what had happened. All she could think was that perhaps he didn’t want to add the strain to her health until after the Elders were satisfied with Annon’s recovery. Vianez had been forced to sit through more than two hours total with the Elders, on edge, sure that at any moment she would be revealed as the culprit who freed the escaped murderer and be thrown in jail.
“Are you feel okay, dear?” Blana walked over to the pantry and put on an apron.
“I’m fine. Just tired still. I’ll take care of dinner, Mother. You should be relaxing.”
“I’ve relaxed plenty for the past two days. Say, why don’t’ we make a pie? We haven’t had one in a while.”
“Okay.”
“Do you remember how to make the crust?”
“No, of course not.” Vianez smiled for the first time in days and ducked as her mother threw a towel at her.
“You start on that, and I’ll put together the filling.”
***
On Monday morning, Vianez found herself walking with Tam and Annon to school. She felt just as nervous as she had on their first day of school in Owl Flight. Annon’s health had improved even more over the weekend, and he was skipping ahead then lapping back to walk beside his brother and sister before skipping off again.
“I think he’s happy to be going back to school,” Tam said laughing.
“What gives you that impression?” Vianez winked at Tam and grabbed his hand and pulled him with her after Annon.
They reached the school house nearly out of breath, and Vianez stopped breathing all together when she ran into Tenoch who was waiting inside the door for her. He took her pack for her and hung it up with the others. She let him lead her to a plush purple cushion underneath one of the windows where Penora was already sitting. They only had a moment to exchange greetings when the backdoor of the classroom opened and in stepped a dark, tall woman wearing a slim pair of trousers and loose tunic. She carried two sacks in her hands and let them drop onto the desk when she reached it. Vianez felt a small twinge of irritation; that was Mr. Kazmin’s desk. But she pushed it aside. It wasn’t his desk anymore, she reminded herself.
“Good morning. My name is Ms. Rohn. I’ll be teaching you for the next month. You have a very charming town from what I’ve already seen, and I look forward to getting to know you.”
Charming? There wasn’t anything charming about Owl Flight. Again, Vianez felt annoyed with this woman, but pushed it aside once more.
“Why don’t we go ahead and introduce ourselves?”
***
By lunch that day, Vianez decided she didn’t just feel uncomfortable around Ms. Rohn; she hated her. After introductions, Ms. Rohn had decided to make every student hop through a series of complicated hoops and demanded precision with magical spell casting, even though most of the students weren’t witches. 
Little Nara, a werewolf girl around the age of six, broke into tears when it was her turn and had to sit in a corner the rest of the morning. 
Vianez felt a surge of anger when Annon managed to complete his task yet Ms. Rohn did not even glance at him. Both Penora and Tenoch had held onto the back of Vianez’s shirt to stop her from marching to the front of the room.
Penora and Tenoch were humiliated as well, although they took it better than the young children. Neither of them were much for spell casting, and under pressure, Penora had difficulty changing her appearance and ended up with hair that was half blue, half purple. 
Vianez managed to perform everything that was asked of her, but just as she had ignored Annon, Ms. Rohn didn’t acknowledge Vianez’s abilities.
“You’d think she’d be happy that some of us could do what she asked; instead, she seemed upset with me.” Vianez was sitting with Penora and Tenoch in a grove of trees near the schoolhouse for lunch.
“What I don’t understand,” Penora said, “is why she would even ask those of us who can’t perform spells to cast them. I have no chance of ever being able to cast a spell. And then of course she had me so nervous, I couldn’t even get my hair right.” She shook her head which was now full of blond curls.
“Yes, but it’s fixed.” Tenoch said. He picked up the rest of his lunch.
“What do you think of Ms. Rohn?” Vianez asked him.
Tenoch lowered his sandwich. “I can’t imagine that the Elders wouldn’t have explained to her most of the students are werewolves or halfwere. Knowing that, she had no reason to ask everyone to perform spells. I think it would have been wiser to break us up into groups and let us demonstrate our capabilities in a less threatening capacity.” He raised his sandwich to his mouth again and tore a large chunk out of it.
Vianez picked up a pebble from the ground and threw it into the woods. “It feels like she wanted to embarrass us, and when she couldn’t embarrasses me, she was angry about it.”
“I don’t know,” Penora said, “maybe she’s frustrated to end up having to teach us. She said she’s just passing through. Imagine going to visit a town and having the Elders there give you work.”
Tenoch, who had finally finished his lunch, gulped down a large container of water and looked at Penora. “Yes, but no one made her teach, and she is getting paid to do it. I’ll have to take Vianez’s side on this one. I can’t picture another motive for her behavior this morning.”
“Thanks, Tenoch,” Vianez said. She looked up at the sky. “We better head back. I have a feeling Ms. Rohn wouldn’t flinch at the thought of punishing us for being late.”
The remainder of the day continued as the morning had. Ms. Rohn asked obscure questions the students couldn’t possibly know then chastised them for being unprepared.
“Very well,” she said after hours of grueling the children. “We’ll end the day here. For homework, I want everyone to write out the steps you would follow should you find yourself lost in the wilderness. You previous teacher apparently spent time teaching you how to live off of the land, so this should be easy enough. We will demonstrate everyone’s procedure in the morning. Dismissed.”
“Wow,” Annon breathed out as he, Tam, Vianez, and Penora all walked towards the Atil home.
“I feel so drained,” Tam said. His usual straight back slumped forward; his face parallel to the earth.
Penora put a hand on his back. “I know what you mean.”
“I think you both did really well,” Vianez said to Annon and Tam. “Father would be proud of you.”
“You did good too, Vinny,” Annon said, brightening up somewhat. 
“Thanks.”
They came to one of the few cross roads in Owl Flight and Vianez said goodbye to Penora as she took a right.
***
“I don’t know if I like the sound of this Ms. Rohn.” Blana finished setting out the bread she had made earlier that day.
“She’s strict,” Reynold said in attempt to reassure his wife. “She definitely doesn’t sound anything like Mr. Kazmin, which is why she comes off so harsh.”
Blana pursed her lips. “Maybe.”
Reynold picked up a knife and began to cut the hot bread. “I must say how proud I am of all of you for doing so well.”
“Yeah, but she didn’t even say anything about it.” Annon sighed and took the bread his father offered him. “It was like she only cared if you messed up.”
“It’s good to not let children’s heads get too big.”
Vianez opened her mouth to say something to Reynold, but Blana stopped her. “Enough. If I had known it was going to be such a touchy subject, I wouldn’t have asked how school was. Now hurry up and eat your dinner since you all have homework to do.”
Vianez used this time to steal a glance at her father who shook his head. So he hadn’t told her mother the truth about Annon’s rescue yet. She had a feeling that was the case. Blana was in too good of a mood when they had gotten home from school. Vianez’s relief, however, was short lived.
“Actually, after dinner, I thought you, Vianez, and I could all have a chat in my study about her progress. The boys can clean up before they start on their homework.”
Vianez felt her stomach dropped to the floor.
“Me too?” Crimson asked. “Me clean too?”
“Yup, you too. I think you’re old enough to help out, don’t you?”
“Yes, I’m a big boy.”
Reynold smiled. “I never doubted it.”
Once dinner was over, Vianez looked at Tam knowingly, then allowed herself to be led to her father’s study. Blana continued throwing her looks but made no attempt to ask Vianez right out what was going on. Thirty minutes later though, Vianez wished she could have been the one to explain to her mother what had happened. Vianez wanted nothing more than to be a shapeshifter like Penora and blend into the walls of her father’s study. She cringed at her father’s version of what she, Penora, and Tenoch had done.
Finally, Blana turned towards her daughter. “Is this true?” She asked it as though she was desperate her husband had made the whole thing up.
Vianez could only nod her head.
“I see. So, while you were left in charge, you lied to your parents, broke a murderer out of jail, traveled twenty miles to enter an unknown and unstable realm, and you managed to do all this as you dragged two friends and your brother into the mix?” She turned to Reynold. “Have I got the gist of it?”
Reynold ran over his teeth with his tongue.
Blana turned back towards Vianez. “Do you want to add anything else?” Vianez could feel her mother’s stare searing her skin.
Vianez licked her lips and swallowed hard. “I only did it for Annon. Father didn’t mention this, but Cyprian was the only way to find him, and if we waited too long, Annon would have been lost forever. You should have seen him in that place, Mother. He was gray, and his hair was nearly white; he looked like he was going to die.”
It was obvious to Vianez that her mother was trying not to cry. Blana steadied her voice. “Be as that may, under no circumstances were you in the right here. You have put yourself, your brother, your friends, and even our whole family at risk because of your actions.”
“I didn’t—”
“That’s the problem. You didn’t think. By not reporting you, your father and I are now in danger if what you’ve done is ever discovered. We could end up in prison too. And tell me who takes care of Crimson and Annon when the rest of us are locked up?”
Vianez shook as silent sobs started to course through her body.
Reynold walked from around his desk and faced his wife. “Just hang on there. No one is going to prison. Crimson and Annon aren’t being abandoned.”
“No. But our daughter has put this family at risk for that to happen.”
“You make it sound like I was being selfish,” Vianez blurted out through her tears. “All I was thinking about—all any of us were thinking about—was Annon. You think seeing what I saw and going through what I did when Mr. Kazmin was murdered didn’t have any effect on me? I would never have risked letting Cyprian free on a whim. I knew he could help and he did. Isn’t Annon’s life worth it?”
“Don’t say it like that,” Blana said.
Reynold tugged at his beard. “Vianez. We cannot ignore you were wrong. This isn’t about Annon. This is about the choices you made.”
Vianez was on the verge of choking on her tears at this point. “But...this is about...Annon. He’s the...reason...I even made...the decisions...I did.”
Both Blana and Reynold made an attempt to move closer to their daughter at the same time, but Vianez pulled back. Reynold instead placed his hand over Blana’s. He said to Vianez, “Why don’t you go upstairs and do that homework?”
Vianez didn’t need telling twice; she bolted out of his office and ran upstairs. It wasn’t fair. Everything she had done had been to save Annon’s life. Her parents acted as though they would have rather she did nothing and allowed Annon to be trapped in the other realm forever or die. She picked up the stack of books on her bedside table and threw them across the room. Then she fell backwards onto her bed and stared at the ceiling until her eyelids grew heavy and the stars shone through her bedroom window.
***
“What do you mean you didn’t do the assignment?” Penora had joined Vianez, Tam, and Annon on their way to school that next morning.
“I just didn’t get to it. I…” she looked over at her brothers who were engaged in their own conversation. “...I spent the evening being lectured again; my father finally told my mother.”
“Oh.”
“Yes. Just be grateful they’ve decided not to tell yours. They feel I’ve put their freedom in jeopardy since they don’t plan on telling the Elders and they don’t want the same fate for your parents.”
“That’s a relief. You don’t think though, that were the Elders to ever find out, that they would actually lock up you parents for knowing and not reporting it?”
Vianez shrugged her shoulders. “Hard to say. I can’t say I know our Elders well enough to determine that, but I’ve heard there are places where the Elders let no allowances.”
“So what are you going to tell Ms. Rohn?”
“Well, I think I know what I would do if I was lost. Just because I don’t have it written down doesn’t mean I can’t act out my scenario.”
“Yeah, and I lied about mine because you know I’d end up frozen with fear and changing into a tree or bush.”
Vianez laughed. “Let’s get this horror show over with.” 
She let out a gasp when she entered the classroom. Jagged rocks were protruding through the walls; the wooden floor was covered in dirt and debris; and rocks, weapons, wood, and survival supplies were piled near the teacher’s desk. 
Ms. Rohn was already waiting in the classroom with about half a dozen other students. “Good morning,” she called out with a smile that didn’t reach her eyes. 
Vianez spun around the room. “Wow. This is different.”
“Did you say something, Vianez?” Ms. Rohn asked. 
Vianez raised an eyebrow. “I’m just surprised with how the room looks.”
“I take it you’ve been outside before?”
“Yes…”
“Then nothing in here should be surprising.”
Vianez’s jaw dropped as both Tam and Annon tried to be less impressed than they had been a second before. “Whatever,” Vianez mumbled to Penora and they went to stand over by their usual window.
“Great way to start the morning, huh?” Penora asked. She was trying to tease Vianez, but it wasn’t working. Vianez was too busy trying to stop her blood from boiling and seeping out of her body. A few minutes later, Tenoch arrived.
“You’re nearly late,” Ms. Rohn called to him as he dashed in. 
“Sorry, Ms. Rohn, I—” He froze in midair taken aback as Vianez had been by the drastic change in their classroom. “Um. It won’t happen again.” He walked over to Vianez and Penora, but continued twisting and craning his neck to take in every aspect of the new decor. “This should be fun,” he said once he was close enough to his friends to whisper.
Ms. Rohn clapped her hands. “All right. That’s everyone. Eyes up here. Nara, you’re going to start us off.”
The small child tried to crouch low to the ground as not to be seen.
“Come now. Let me see your homework.”
Nara tiptoed up to Ms. Rohn. She held out a shabby piece of paper with large scrawls across it.
Ms. Rohn took the assignment and scanned over it. “All right dear. You’re lost. These are your surroundings. What do you do first?”
“I need to...um...I need to eat something.” Her entire body shook.
“Eat something? I see. Are you hungry?”
“No.”
“Then why would you eat something first?”
“Um. Okay. I would build a fire?”
Ms. Rohn put a hand on one of her hips. “With what?”
By this point Nara looked as though she was on the verge of tears. “Wood.”
“Why don’t you go ahead and show us.”
Nara went over the pile of supplies near Ms. Rohn’s desk and found a few twigs. She carried them to the center of the room. “Ms. Rohn, I can’t find any flint.”
“That’s because there isn’t any. If you were out walking around, would you have flint on your person? Did you know perhaps you were going to be lost?”
A few tears escaped Nara’s eyes.
Vianez couldn’t stand it any longer. “Ms. Rohn, please. She’s six; she doesn’t know how.”
Ms. Rohn turned on Vianez. “I wasn’t aware of asking for anyone’s opinion on the matter. But very well. Nara, sit down. Vianez, bring me your assignment.”
Vianez walked over to where Ms. Rohn was standing with her arm stretched out.
“Your assignment?” she asked when Vianez hadn’t produced anything.
“I didn’t get a chance to write it down.”
“I see. Who here wrote the assignment down and brought it to class?” Everyone in the room raised their hands. “So you were the only one incapable of completing this task?”
Vianez bit her cheek—hard. “Like I said. I didn’t have time to write it down, but I thought about the assignment and can answer questions about my survival strategy.”
Ms. Rohn stretched her arms out to her sides. “Vianez, you’re lost. These are your surroundings. What do you do first?”
Vianez didn’t flinch. “Find water.”
Ms. Rohn lowered her arms. “And why is that?”
“Because water is life. You can survive a few days without food, but not without water. Since I don’t know how long I will be out here, I need to locate water.” Suddenly, a small stream cut through the classroom floor. A few girls squealed and jumped out of its way.
Ms. Rohn looked murderous. “Then what?”
“Find shelter.”
“Before you build a fire?”
“A fire in the middle of an exposed area won’t do me much good, and shelter can provide protection and warmth.”
Ms. Rohn nodded her head. “You seem to know what you are doing, even if you lack the ability to follow directions.” Vianez’s face flushed, but Ms. Rohn ignored her. “Who wrote down ‘find water’ followed by ‘find shelter’ on their homework?” A few hands raised. “How disappointing. Annon!” Annon jumped. “Come up here and build us a fire.” She looked back at Vianez. “I take it this is our third step?”
“It’s what I would do, yes.”
“You’re dismissed.” 
Clenching and unclenching her jaw, Vianez made her way back towards Penora and Tenoch. Penora opened her mouth to say something, but Vianez held up a hand and shook her head. She turned to watch Annon. 
Like Nara, Annon rummaged through the pile of supplies Ms. Rohn had laid out. He brought a handful of twigs and branches to the center of the room, and then, without warning, for it was not expected of Annon, he lit the branches on fire with magic. 
Half the room let out a cheer that was smoldered with the damping effect of Ms. Rohn pouring a bucket of water on top of the fire. “Have you lost your mind?” she said to Annon. “You didn’t set up a safe area before lighting that. You could cause a forest fire that way. And I don’t remember saying you could use magic.”
Vianez had had enough. “He’s a witch. Of course he’s going to use magic. It’s part of who he is.” Vianez was seething at the look of defeat on her brother’s face.
Ms. Rohn turned on Vianez and Annon shrunk back into the crowd of classmates. “Excuse me?”
“You never said we couldn’t use magic. If we’re witches, it’s second nature to use a spell if we can. There wasn’t any flint, so Annon used a spell. Just because he outsmarted your trap doesn’t give you the right to bully him.” Vianez knew she had gone too far.
Ms. Rohn’s face swelled and turned purple. Her eyes darkened to the point where Vianez couldn’t differentiate the pupils from the irises. Vianez gulped but held her ground. 
“Fine,” Ms. Rohn said. “You teach this class.”
It seemed to take ages for the words Vianez heard to process in her mind. “What?” she finally managed, all too aware of the look on Penora’s face.
“If you don’t care for the way I teach this class, than you can teach it. I expect a lesson on wilderness survival ready for tomorrow.” She turned to the rest of the students. “Grab a pack in the supplies pile; we’re going to make our own lunch today.”
Vianez’s head was spinning. She turned to Penora and Tenoch. “What just happened?”
Tenoch scratched his head. “You just became the teacher, I think.”
Penora was shaking her head. “You’ve done it this time.”
“Dang it,” Vianez slumped against the wall. “Owl Flight is cursed.”
Penora leaned against the wall next to her. “It’s not cursed. Come on, I’ll help you plan your lesson. What should we get these kids to do?”
“Oh, I know,” Tenoch said. “Fishing.”
Vianez brightened up. “We could do that. How do we get enough supplies? And can we take the whole class to the river?”
“I can scrounge up enough fishing poles for every two to three students. And I think we can take them to the river. Between the three of us and Ms. Rohn, there will be plenty of supervision.”
“That’s a good point. Okay. Let’s do that.” Vianez looked at Penora. “You game?”
“Sure. What’s the worst that can happen?”
***
Penora’s question was answered the next day when not one, but eight students fell into the river and had to be dragged out. Some seemed genuine and terrified like when poor little Nara slipped on a rock. Other falls however, like Tam’s, appeared to be done on purpose, but Vianez still couldn’t let them drown, and as they made no attempts to pull themselves out of the river, she, Penora, and Tenoch were forced again and again to rescue the students. 
Ms. Rohn stood back, not doing anything to help. She smirked occasionally as Vianez ran around trying take control of her classmates. When Vianez has shown up with Tenoch and nearly a dozen fishing poles and fishing gear, Ms. Rohn had nearly laughed out loud. She agreed however, that fishing could be beneficial to learn how to do. And since Owl Flight had an ample sized river with plenty of fish, learning how to produce a good source of food could prove to be a vital trait. Vianez had let out a low sigh of relief that this lesson idea had worked out. Now however, she was wishing she had thought more about the execution of the lesson.
“Calm down. It’s okay. Let me dry you off.” She held her hands out towards an eight-year-old boy and soon he was warm and dry again. The little boy ran off as Penora approached Vianez. Vianez turned towards her. “This is not what I expected.”
Penora looked around at the chaos. “No. I suppose we should have thought this out better.”
“They don’t want to listen to you because you’re just a student like us.” Tam appeared at Vianez’s side.
“What?”
“You’re just a kid too.”
“I’m sixteen.”
“Whatever. They still don’t like it. You’re not the teacher.”
Vianez opened her mouth, trying to think of a retort, when Ms. Rohn approached her. “I think it is best if we pack up and head back to school, don’t you?”
Vianez briefly looked at Penora and then Tam. “Yes.”
“Well, teacher, go ahead.” Ms. Rohn spun on her heel and marched back towards the tree she had spent the majority of the excursion leaning against.
“Right,” Vianez muttered under her breath.
Luckily, Tam took pity on his older sister and convinced the other students to get out of the water and pack up their things. 
“Thanks for all your help, Tam, although it would have been nice if you hadn’t fallen in the river too,” Vianez said as they hiked back towards the schoolhouse. 
“You’re welcome. You’re stuck in this mess because you stood up for Annon.”
“Yeah. Every mess I’m stuck in right now if because I try to help Annon.”
“What?”
“Never mind.” Vianez looked behind her. “We still have everyone?” Tenoch and Penora both waved their hands. “Good,” she added softly to herself. 
Once back at school, Vianez attempted to have the students describe why they thought it was important to learn how to fish. Besides the giggles, she received, “it was fun,” and “I don’t like fish.”
“I think that wraps it up for the day then. If you are waiting for a parent, please stay inside, otherwise, we’ll see each other tomorrow.” Vianez turned and started gathering her things. “I’m beat.”
“You’re day isn’t over yet,” Ms. Rohn was standing with a pile of paper in her hands. 
Vianez dropped her bag. “What’s that?”
“You need to document today’s lesson and plan out tomorrow’s.”
Vianez ran a hand through her hair. “Ms. Rohn, would it help if I said I was sorry, again? I get it. Teaching is hard. I’m not making any impact on our class.”
“I think a few more days should get the message through. I want you to plan out a camping trip as well for the whole class; one night will do. Perhaps next Saturday night.”
“We’ll help.” Penora and Tenoch were still in the classroom seeing the last of the young ones off.
Ms. Rohn pursed her lips, but then smiled, “I think that would be a nice idea.” She dropped the stack of papers on the desk. “You better get started.”
Two hours later, Vianez sighed and leaned back onto the floor. She had written out everything that had occurred that day, including the many near drownings, and with Penora and Tenoch’s help, she also had a camping trip lesson plan created.
“Don’t give up yet,” Penora said. “We still need something planned for tomorrow.”
“Damn. Okay, how about we break into race groups and work on developing each student’s individual talents.”
“Okay,” Tenoch said. “You take those with witching abilities, I’ll help out the werewolves or half werewolves, and Penora can work with the students who haven’t shown any magical abilities so far.”
“I guess,” Penora said.
Vianez looked out the window. “Oh, let’s just do that. I’m so tired.”
“Sure.”
“Great!” Vianez stood up and held out a hand to pull Penora up.
Tenoch looked at Vianez. “I’ve got to get to my father’s shop. He’s going to be in a state that I missed work again.” Tenoch gave a slight bow to both Vianez and Penora, and bowed low when he passed Ms. Rohn who nodded her head.
Ms. Rohn had sat behind the teacher’s desk the entire time the three students worked. Now she stood up and looked over to where Vianez and Penora were gathering their things. 
“You two have a nice evening.”
Vianez and Penora looked at each other. Something in Ms. Rohn’s eyes wasn’t right as far as Vianez was concerned. “Goodnight,” she called out and left the school with Penora right behind her.
“I wish she’d leave town,” Vianez said once they were on the main road. 
“Something about her isn’t all there, is it?”
“It’s more than that. She seems...evil...I don’t know. She is so mean and tries her best to be sure everything she says to us has been rolled around and covered in malice first.”
“I don’t like her either. I’ll be happy to see her go. And I don’t see why you, well, us really, have to teach the class. She was wrong to treat Annon the way she did; she needs to get over it.”
Vianez gave her friend a crooked smile. “Hear, hear.” She held out her hand. “Wait. Did you hear that?” Vianez was looking towards the woods on their right. They had almost reached the crossroad that Penora would take to get home.
“Hear what? Oh!” Penora was now staring into the trees. “Vianez, I think someone is crying.”
“That’s what it sounds like.”
“Oh no. You don’t think one of the young children wandered off do you?”
“It’s possible. Let’s go see.” Changing directions, Vianez hiked her pack up higher on her back and waded through the thick layer of dead leaves that littered the forest floor. “Hello?” she called out.
The crying grew louder.
“Hello?”
Penora cupped her hands over her mouth. “It’s okay. You’re safe. Can you come out?”
The hair on Vianez’s arms felt like thorns. The dreams she had had only a few weeks ago were creeping into the back of her mind, pushing through her skull. “Penora stop.”
Penora lowered her hands. “What?”
“Something isn’t right. I think we should leave.”
The cry turned into a loud shrill and both girls covered their ears.
“What was that?” Penora asked once the sound stopped. 
“That was something bad.” Vianez grabbed Penora’s arm. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
Penora turned to look at her and screamed, “Duck!” She pulled Vianez down to the forest floor with her. A large tree branch covered in flames flew overhead.
Vianez looked around. “What in the world?” And then she saw it. “Penora! It’s a forest fire! Up, up! Come on!” They dodged another tree branch that fell only a few feet in front of them. Sparks flew into Vianez’s face and she staggered into a tree. She blinked rapidly, trying to see. The entire area they were in was engulfed in bright orange and red hot flames. 
She turned on the spot, trying to find Penora. “Penora! Now is not the time to vanish on me!” She heard coughing and found Penora who had fallen to her knees under an unsteady oak; her body was making her blend in with her surroundings. Vianez ducked low, trying to avoid the thick dark smoke that was now gathering around them. She bent down and shook Penora. “Are you okay?”
Penora coughed again. “I think so.”
“You’ve got to stand up. We need to find a way out of here.”
Penora came onto her feet. She too kept her head ducked and looked around in horror. “Can you use magic?”
“Not enough to get rid of all this, but maybe I can cut us a pathway out. Hurry.”
The flames continued to gather around them from all sides and the dark smoke followed their every turn. Finally, Vianez saw it: an opening the flames hadn’t touched yet. She pointed it to Penora, who only nodded her head. They ran for the opening. 
As if the fire could sense their intentions, flames started traveling to the unblemished brush. Just as they approached, a series of tree branches fell to the earth and Vianez and Penora were thrown back. No! Vianez pulled Penora up. Concentrating with everything she had, Vianez forced the flames in front of them to die down enough for them to jump over the fallen branches. 
Few flames and smoke continued to chase them, but soon they heard voices yelling and shouting. It’s got to be the town, Vianez thought. She felt herself grow weaker. It was becoming more difficult to breathe in air, and by the sound of Penora’s gasping, her friend was having the same problem. 
“It’s Vianez Atil and Penora Albany! Quick, someone go get their parents.” The voice was familiar, but Vianez couldn’t place it. Penora dropped to the ground, and after a few more steps, Vianez felt herself succumb to the darkness as well.
***
“I don’t know what we’re going to do with her.”
“She’s a sixteen year old girl, Blana. What do you want us to do? Lock her up in her room forever?”
“You weren’t there, Reynold. I’ve never seen a forest fire so big. It took the Elders almost two hours to completely smother it. And then of course some of the town had the gall to suggest the fire was because of the girls. Right in front of Jal Albany and me!”
“Just ignore them. You and I both know that these girls didn’t do this.”
“Yes, but to say it in front of their mothers as if we weren’t even there?”
Vianez tried to open her mouth; she wanted to tell her mother she hadn’t started the fire. Every part of her body felt heavy; she couldn’t move. I’m here. I’m awake. She felt her Father’s hand grab her face. He rubbed a finger across her forehead and her eyelids started to lift. 
“I thought you were awake. I had you under a spell to keep you from moving too much when you first woke.”
Vianez swallowed a few times. She opened her mouth to ask “why,” but no sound came out.
Reynold shook his head. “I’m sorry. I’m afraid the smoke did some damage to your vocal chords. The Elders and I have done what we can, but it will probably take a few days for your voice to come back.” He turned around and Blana handed him some parchment and ink and a quill. “It’s important we know what happened. Are you up for writing?”
Vianez nodded her head and lifted her hands. They still felt heavy, but she was able to steady the quill in her right hand and proceeded to write out the events that led up the fire. Reynold shook his head when he read what Vianez wrote and then handed the document to Blana who gasped and sat down on the edge of her daughter’s bed.
“I don’t understand,” she said. “Did someone lure them into the forest?”
Reynold took back the piece of parchment. “That’s what it sounds like to me. Is that how you feel dear?”
Vianez nodded her head a couple of times. She then reached out for more paper and made a motion with the quill to indicate she wanted to write. Reynold obliged her.
“Penora?” he asked when she had handed him the scrap of paper. “She’s fine. About the same condition as you though. She’ll take a few days to heal, but by early next week, she should be fine.”
Vianez took the parchment again and started writing. Reynold looked at his wife who smiled and said, “This is going to be a long process.”
Vianez handed her father what she had written. He scanned it. “I’ll talk to Ms. Rohn about the camping trip, but we’ll have to see how you do over the next week before we can say whether you’ll be able to go.”
Blana stood up and leaned over Vianez. “Now you get some more rest. I’ll be up with some soup in about an hour.” She kissed Vianez on the forehead and lead Reynold out of their daughter’s bedroom. 
***
Tenoch came to visit Vianez a week later. Her breathing was back to normal and her voice had improved, although she still could only talk at the level of a whisper and not for every long. She was content to listen to Tenoch fill her in about school. Ms. Rohn was apparently livid about what had happened to Vianez and Penora. 
“Because we almost died? Because we didn’t? Or because I haven’t been able to teach?” Vianez croaked out.
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask her. Probably a good mix of all three.”
Vianez started to laugh and clutched her throat. “Ow. Don’t make me laugh.”
“Sorry. Penora is doing really well too. Her voice is almost completely back to normal, but there are still some serious scars on her face and arms left from the burns she endured. Mr. Albany said that those should go away too though with time.”
“That’s good.”
Tenoch tilted his head and smiled. “I think I’ve tired you out.”
“No. I’m okay, really. You can stay. Do you know if we are still on for the camping trip this Saturday?”
“I think so. Your parents don’t seem too happy with it from what I gathered downstairs when I told them, but Ms. Rohn is determined we go. She’s been working with all of us to prepare for it. Although today she made the cut off age nine, so Annon is having a fit. I don’t know if you heard him when he got home.”
Vianez shook her head. “I was asleep when they got home. Just as well though,” she whispered. “I don’t think my mother was ready to let him spend a night away from her yet.”
“No. I can’t see how she would. Well, I don’t want to wear you out. You need your strength if you’re going camping on Saturday.”
“Thank you for the flowers. They’re beautiful.”
The tops of Tenoch’s cheeks turned pink. “They made me think of you.” And then, as if he realized he had said the words out loud, his eyes grew big, he mumbled a goodbye, and hurried out of Vianez’s bedroom. She listened to him run down the stairs, and once the front door closed, she laid her head back on her pillow.
Moments later, Blana opened the door and walked in carrying a tray with more soup on it. Vianez hadn’t eaten anything solid for an entire week. As though sensing what her daughter was thinking, Blana said, “After the soup, I have some roasted pork you can try, but you’ll have the soup first.” Blana set the tray on Vianez’s lap.
“Thanks.”
“Those are very pretty flowers.”
“Uh huh.”
Blana smiled at her. “I’ll be back in a bit with your pork.”
“Mother?”
“Yes?”
“What have the Elders said about the fire?”
“They know you and Penora didn’t start it. However, they can’t be sure if someone else did or if it was an accident. Owl Flight had a dry summer and it still hasn’t rained since we’ve been here. I suppose it’s possible.”
“And the camping trip?”
“The Elders claim they believe you to be in no danger.”
“All right. Thanks again for dinner.”
***
“I can’t believe we are still doing this.” Vianez was over at Penora’s house helping her pack her bag for the camping trip. 
“I know. You would think a near death experience would buy us at least two weeks. You’re sounding good though.” Penora said.
“Thanks. I just can’t talk for too long or my throat starts hurting. You sound good too, and you’re face is healing really well.”
“I wish I could hide these scars. Father was trying to help me yesterday, but I’m too tired. Do you feel tired after doing the simplest things?”
“Oh, yes,” Vianez said. 
Penora hung her head in defeat. “I don’t know how we are going to be able to take care of all these kids.”
“At least it’s just nine and up, and Tam and Tenoch will be helping.”
“Right, because we can be sure Ms. Rohn won’t be. Why does she even want to come then if she isn’t going to help?”
“I couldn’t say.” Vianez gave Penora’s pack one last thump. “That should do it. Ready?”
“I don’t have a choice.”
Getting out of the Albany home was easier said than done. Mr. and Mrs. Albany said goodbye to Penora five different times and reminded both her and Vianez to take care of themselves and be careful. As they made their way towards school, other students filed onto the main road with large packs strapped to their backs. 
“Hi, Vianez! Hi, Penora!”
“Hey, Vianez! Look what I get to bring! Isn’t it cool?”
Vianez and Penora contented themselves with acknowledging bows. Most of the young children skipped or ran ahead to the classroom so Vianez and Penora were the last to arrive.
“You’re late.” Ms. Rohn said when she saw them walk in.
“You said five o’clock. It’s just now five.”
“Teachers should always be fifteen minutes early,” she said matter-of-factly.
Vianez bit her tongue to stop herself from throwing another retort. “Sorry.”
She found herself drawn in by the group of nine and ten year olds. “Hey guys. What’s going on?” She saw one, Hendrix, shove a piece of something large and brown into his pack. “What do you have there?”
“Supplies for the campout,” Hendrix said. 
“Right. Is it dangerous?”
“No.”
“Are you going to use it to hurt anyone?”
“No.”
Vianez wasn’t sure she believed his last “no”; his eyes had flickered momentarily towards Ms. Rohn. “Okay. Don’t get caught.” Vianez smiled at the look on Hendrix’s face and walked away. 
“It looks like everyone is here, Ms. Rohn. I think we should split up into two groups to walk to the campsite. Tam and Tenoch will walk with the nine and ten year olds, and Penora and I will keep an eye on the older students. You are free to walk with any of us or on your own if you would prefer.” Vianez said this last part with as much forced politeness as she could muster.
Ms. Rohn raised an eyebrow. “I’ll walk ahead of everyone since I’m the one who has picked out the campsite and knows where it is.”
Vianez’s grin dug into her eardrums. “Great. After you.”
They hiked three miles before Ms. Rohn slowed her pace. Vianez was glad she had let the Tenoch and Tam lead the younger students. More than once when she had glanced behind, she saw Tenoch carrying an extra pack and sometimes even one of the students. Vianez was also impressed with how mature Tam had been behaving towards her. Since Ms. Rohn had shown up, he had stood up for her at school, had helped out with her chores, and had even brought her dinner a few times when she was recovering from the fire.
Or maybe it wasn’t Ms. Rohn. Maybe working together to save Annon’s life and keep it a secret had brought them closer.
Vianez shook her head, trying to clear her mind and focus on the road instead. The sun was a rich orange and hung low in the sky, but there was still plenty of daylight to find water, build shelter, and get a fire and dinner ready.
“This is it,” Ms. Rohn finally said.
Vianez looked down at a small grove below them. On two sides, tall boulders shot up, providing protection; the class stood on these boulders now. No trees grew in the clearing, although there were several bushes with dead twigs and leaves protruding out of the earth.
Ms. Rohn started to climb down the side of the boulders and Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch helped the students follow. “Watch yourselves. Be careful. It’s not a race.”
“You next,” Tenoch said, holding out his hand. Vianez tried not to smile and took it and allowed him to lower her. Penora followed, and finally, Tenoch climbed down. 
Vianez approached Ms. Rohn who was pulling out parchment from her pack. “Is there water nearby?”
“There is. I have a map here. We’ll need one group of students to focus on this while the others set up camp.”
“We’d like to go collect water, Ms. Rohn.” Hendrix and his group of friends stood by, eagerly waiting. 
Ms. Rohn nodded her head. “I don’t see why not.”
“I think an older student should go with them,” Vianez said.
“Oh that’s okay. We can handle it. We’re old enough.”
“I don’t know—” Vianez started but Ms. Rohn interrupted her.
“They’ll be fine. Here. I have a map for you,” she said to Hendrix. “Water is no more than half a mile from here.”
Vianez didn’t like the smile Hendrix had on his face, but she sensed they were up to something that involved Ms. Rohn. “Fine. I help a group start a fire.”
More than thirty minutes later, Tenoch and Penora had managed to get all the tents set up, but there still wasn’t a fire.
“Vianez, can’t you just do it?” the students asked.
“You guys really should learn how to do this without magic. What if you were out here without a witch?”
“But we’re not.”
Vianez sighed. She looked behind her and saw Ms. Rohn was busy skinning some small animals she had brought with her. “Oh, all right. But you really do need to learn how to do it on your own.” Vianez bent over the kindling and breathed on it, and a moment later, sparks flew out of her mouth and the kindling lit. Vianez felt a chill go up her spine as she looked at the fire.
Tenoch’s hand was on her shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Uh?” She tore her eyes from the flames and looked up. “Oh. Yeah, I am.” She stood up. “Sorry. It was the fire.”
“You don’t have to apologize.” Tenoch looked at the students still gathered around the fire. “Well? Are you going to sit there or are you going to collect more wood? Otherwise this fire is going to die out.”
The students scrambled to their feet and scurried off.
“Don’t go too far!” Tenoch yelled after them. He made to reach out for Vianez again, but thought better of it. “Come on, they can take of this now.”
Vianez glanced at the fire one more time, then she looked around. “You guys did a good job with the shelters.”
“Thanks. We decided to split the boys from the girls, and then the four of us, you, Penora, Tam, and I will all sleep in the middle.” He waved his hand. “I don’t think we’ll have trouble with this group, but I’m worried the boys may want to play a prank on the girls. They’ve been up to something.”
“I noticed. I think though that they are planning to play a prank on Ms. Rohn. Hendrix was looking at her anyway when I questioned him.”
“Well, I can’t pretend I’m against that one.” Tenoch looked up and saw Ms. Rohn walking towards them; he cleared his throat. “Um, do you want those, um rodents cooked, Ms. Rohn?” 
Ms. Rohn wore one of her forced smiles. “They’re squirrels, and yes, we’ll be cooking them along with the beans and rice we brought with us.”
“I can start those,” Penora called out. She was collecting twigs for the fire. She walked over to the fire and froze.
“Excellent,” Ms. Rohn raised her left hand and brushed a piece of hair from her face. A ring on her middle finger caught Vianez’s attention. It was a heart with something sharp sticking through it. Where have I seen that before? But Penora’s frozen body drew her attention from Ms. Rohn.
“Penora?” Tenoch had seen it too. “Penora!” He and Vianez ran over to her. “I’ll take care of the cooking, you take Penora.”
Vianez put her hands on Penora’s back and steered her away from the fire. “It’s okay,” she kept saying to her.
“Is everything okay?” Ms. Rohn asked.
“It’s fine. Should we go check on the boys looking for water?”
Ms. Rohn opened her mouth to say something, probably something nasty, but just then Hendrix and the other boys came stomping through the forest. 
“Found the water!” Hendrix called out.
Ms. Rohn turned to them. She raised her hand. “Well done boys.” 
And then it hit Vianez where she had seen that symbol before, not on a ring, but on a chain around someone’s neck. Vianez stifled a gasp and ended up choking. Ms. Rohn gave her a sharp look. 
“Penora and I will take care of the water. Thank you Hendrix.” Vianez and Penora both grabbed the pails of water the boys had brought back and carried them over to the fire. “I need to talk to Penora,” Vianez said to Tenoch. 
Both Tenoch and Penora frowned, but Vianez shook her head, willing herself not to look in Ms. Rohn’s direction for fear of tipping her off. “We’ll be right back.”
“What’s this all about?”
“Shush. Wait until we’re in a bit further.” They walked nearly ten minutes before Vianez stopped and turned to Penora. “Have you ever noticed the ring that Ms. Rohn is wearing tonight?”
“No.”
“Do you remember ever seeing a symbol of a heart with a fang through it?” Once realization had dawned on Vianez, she knew what the sharp object was.
Penora started to shake her head and then stopped. Her mouth opened wide. “Oh my. On Cyprian.”
“That’s right.” Ms. Rohn was standing only ten feet away from them holding two swords in her hands.
***
Tenoch felt the hairs on his neck stand up. He sniffed their air unconsciously. Something was familiar. He looked down at his feet. Ms. Rohn’s pack laid there. It wasn’t drenched in the perfume she usually wore; he knew the scent: it was Cyprian’s.
“Tam, stay here and keep everyone busy.”
“Why? What’s going on? Where are Vianez and Penora? And where’s Ms. Rohn?”
“Just stay here.” Tenoch put his hands on Tam’s shoulders. “And this time, really stay here. If you leave these children out here by themselves, something terrible could happen.”
Tam squared his shoulders. “I will. I promise.”
Tenoch didn’t waste another minute. He rushed into the forest allowing his wolf senses to take over willingly for the first time in his life.
***
“I must say I’m surprised it took you this long to figure it out. I was sure my appearance would give it away.”
Vianez and Penora glanced at each other.
“No? Don’t you think I look like my brother?”
Vianez’s jaw dropped and Penora made a sound like a hiccup.
“That’s right. Cyprian is my younger brother. We were both taken in by the same clan when we were young. Our clan broke up a few years ago. I stayed in Liam, that’s a town about sixty miles from here, but Cyprian stayed with a part of the clan that traveled out here to Owl Flight.”
“Cyprian is free. What are you doing here in Owl Flight?”
Ms. Rohn laughed. “I thought that was obvious. I came here to kill you.”
“What? Why? What did we ever do to you?” Penora asked.
“You had Cyprian thrown in prison. You helped take down a group of werewolves; you are responsible for their deaths.”
Vianez was trying to look around for the best way to escape. She could hear they were near the water Hendrix and his group had headed off to when they first arrived at camp. “We’re also the ones who helped Cyprian escape. Shouldn’t you be glad for that?”
“Helped him? You mean after you trapped him into showing you where your brother was?”
Vianez couldn’t believe what this woman was saying. Cyprian was the double crosser; he was the murderer.
Ms. Rohn raised her swords. “I think that concludes our lesson today girls.” She lunged at the same time Vianez pushed Penora to the right and started for the sound of running water.
***
Tenoch fought every impulse he had to not let the wolf take over; he had suppressed it for so long, he didn’t recognize what his body was doing, but he knew he had to get to Vianez and Penora before Ms. Rohn did.
***
“Under here, quick,” Vianez grabbed Penora’s hand and pulled her under the mouth of a rock made cave.
Ms. Rohn’s voice traveled to them. “Where are you? Oh, I wish that fire had killed you!”
Penora hiccupped. “She set the fire!”
“Shh!”
“Come on now. I’ll be quick. If you make me wait until the moon shines, you’ll be sorry.”
Vianez squeezed her eyes tight. They had no chance of getting back to camp and getting everyone to town before Ms. Rohn was able to change into a wolf. Vianez tried focusing her breathing. “We’ve got to try to make it back to camp.”
“You think we should lead her back to the kids?”
“It’s not like she doesn’t know where they are. We have a better chance of fighting her there, don’t you think?”
“A full grown werewolf? We have no chance.”
“Well we can’t just sit here and wait.”
Vianez heard Ms. Rohn’s footsteps grow closer. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and jumped out from her hiding place. Ms. Rohn’s stunned figure gave Vianez the time she needed; she blew out her breath with all her might and pushed her hands forward, palms facing Ms. Rohn. The unqualified teacher flew backwards into the river; the swords lost in its depths.
Vianez froze, watching her disappear, but Penora was tugging on her tunic. “Vianez come on. We’ve got to make it to camp.”
They tried to gather their surroundings. The sun had nearly set, and the moon peeked through the tree line.
“I think it’s this way,” Vianez said pointing towards her right. 
They took off into the forest once more. The moon began to glow brighter and a familiar sound nearly stopped Vianez’s heart: howling.
The familiar dream of being chased by Anochi started to creep up Vianez’s legs, making them heavy. Penora continued to yell in her ear to run, but she couldn’t run. Her legs weren’t working properly. A scream from Penora flew into Vianez’s left eardrum, causing her to fall to the forest floor. Dirt and blood flooded her mouth. She raised her head and saw the full grown wolf that was Bellatrix Rohn standing only a few feet away from her. Penora lay at the beast’s feet; blood pooling around her head. 
Shaking, Vianez stood, willing her legs to hold her up. Anochi’s voice saying, “You can’t do magic,” tried to pull her back to the ground.
The werewolf growled and lowered its body, ready to pounce. Vianez made herself think of Tam and Annon, and when Ms. Rohn sprung, Vianez held out her hands and repelled the werewolf, causing her to fly ten feet into the air and hit a tree.
And then Vianez found out what Hendrix had been up do. A thick rope net stretched from the tree Ms. Rohn had hit to a tree where Vianez stood. In less than a second, she and Ms. Rohn were tangled in it. The thick threads cut Vianez’s skin, who was horrified to find Ms. Rohn biting through them in an attempt to reach her.
Vianez tore her eyes from Ms. Rohn and tried to light the rope on fire. Nothing. She tried again. Nothing. Vianez closed her eyes. “I’m not afraid of fire,” she said aloud and the piece of rope she held in her hand became a red hot flame. Vianez yelled and dropped the rope. She twisted her body away from the fire as it ate away at the rope.
Ms. Rohn let out a yelp as the fire moved towards her. 
Vianez looked down at Penora who still lay unconscious. The flaming pieces of rope fell around her, but as they hit the earth, the fire extinguished. Vianez hung in midair, transfixed by the scene. Another cry and growl from the werewolf brought her back to her present situation.
Ms. Rohn was almost free, and Vianez was still too tangled to get free. Ms. Rohn changed back into her human figure. She dropped instantly to the ground. Vianez fought hard at the ropes that still held her as Ms. Rohn approached Penora.
“I guess I’ll finish your friend first.” She changed back into the wolf and lowered her head towards Penora.
Vianez kicked hard at the fiery ropes and fell to the ground. Ms. Rohn looked up, but it was too late. Forgetting about using any more magic, Vianez leaped on top of the grey wolf. 
The wolf howled and threw itself to the ground, crushing Vianez between its body and the cold earth. Vianez let go and Ms. Rohn rolled back onto her feet. Teeth bared, she held Vianez down with her front paws. She opened her jaw; Vianez closed her eyes and turned her head to the side.
***
Tenoch’s body grew longer and closer to the ground. Thick black hair covered his body. Now on four paws, his pace quickened. And then he saw something that made the wolf inside of him want to kill; a large grey werewolf was holding down Vianez, ready to strike.
Tenoch charged.
***
Vianez heard a series of cries and felt a release of pressure from her chest. Her eyes sprung open and she looked over to where two wolves were fighting each other. She knew the grey one to be Ms. Rohn, but the black wolf was a stranger.
Not daring to get up all the way, Vianez crawled over to Penora. She was still breathing, but only just. The blood seeping from a wound at the base of her skull was thick and dark. Vianez pulled off her outer tunic and wrapped it around Penora’s neck. She glanced over at the wolves and wondered if she should try to carry Penora away. Before she could make up her mind, however, the grey wolf had changed back into Ms. Rohn. Her body was bloody and mangled. She moaned something Vianez couldn’t make out as the other wolf approached her.
As Vianez watched the black wolf raise its head to strike, something pulled at her chest. “Wait! Stop!” Vianez pushed herself off of the ground and hobbled towards the wolf. “You can’t kill her. It wouldn’t be right.” The wolf sat down and looked at Vianez. She recognized the bright green eyes. “Tenoch?”
Ms. Rohn tried to say something again and lifted her hand, but it fell to the ground and her head rolled to one side. Satisfied, Tenoch changed back into his human form. He too was covered in deep gashes, bite marks, and blood. He was breathing heavily, but steadied himself enough to stand. 
Vianez wanted to reach out her hand towards him, but was still too shocked by what had just happened. Finally, she managed to say, “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine. It’s been...well, it’s been a very long time since I’ve done that. Thanks by the way for stopping me from...you know. It’s why I don’t like changing.” He pointed down at Ms. Rohn.
Vianez didn’t meet his eyes. “We need to carry her back.”
“I’ll do that. We need to tie her up first though.” He grabbed some of the rope from the boys’ trap and pulled Ms. Rohns hands behind her back and tied them together. He then tied them down to her ankles. “That should hold her.”
“Penora’s been hurt. I think we need to get the Elders down here.”
Tenoch looked over at Penora than back at Ms. Rohn. “Do you have the strength to travel fast?”
Vianez shook her head.
“Then why don’t I do it? I’m fast if I change.”
“Okay, but hurry.”
Tenoch held out his hand and grabbed Vianez’s arm. “Vianez, whatever you do, don’t let her wake up and talk to you. If she stirs, hit her over the head. I mean it.”
“Okay. Okay. I will.”
Tenoch didn’t have the grace that more experienced werewolves did when changing. He looked grotesque and contorted as if his body and bones didn’t belong together. Once he was the wolf again, he charged into the forest.
Vianez was all too aware of how exposed she was in the woods. Every stir of the wind sounded as though it was being magnified ten times. Torn between wanting to sit with Penora, but not wanting to take her eyes off of Ms. Rohn, Vianez decided on leaning against a tree that gave her a clear view of both females and watched them until her eyes started to burn from not blinking.
After what felt like thirty minutes, Vianez heard people moving towards her. She stood and braced herself for what would be yet another criminal incident she had managed to get herself stuck in since moving to Owl Flight.
Tenoch came pelting towards her first, still in wolf form. Once he was at her feet, his body convulsed back into the seventeen-year-old boy she knew. Reynold and Mrohn Albany, Penora’s father, were right behind, and Elders Xochtil, Ibis, and Etl brought up the rear.
Vianez opened her mouth to say something, anything to explain, but she caught her father’s eye, and Reynold gave a quick shake of his head. He approached his daughter and held her at arm’s length, as though trying to decide if she really was his daughter, before hugging her. “What have you done this time?” he whispered in her ear. He released Vianez who watched Elder Etl and Mr. Albany lift Penora up while Elders Xochtil and Ibis bound Ms. Rohn even tighter and dragged her out of the forest.
“Let’s go home,” Reynold said. “Elder Eleni is already packing up camp and taking the young children home.”
“What about Tam?”
“He’s waiting for us at the campsite. Tenoch, you better come with us too. We’ll walk you home.”
***
Vianez was grateful her father didn’t try to make it home quickly. As neither she nor Tam were seriously injured, there was no need, and Vianez wasn’t ready to talk about what had happened. This place is cursed she kept saying to herself over and over again.
Blana was waiting by the front door for them when they came in. She began to question her children, and Vianez felt herself go numb when her mother said, “What have they done this time?”
Reynold held up a hand to his wife. “Let’s let them sleep it off. They can tell us their story in the morning.”
Blana’s brows knitted together, but she gave in and kissed the top of Tam’s and Vianez’s heads and ushered them upstairs. 
Vianez never slept. She sat on her bed and stared out the window until the light started coming through. Then she pulled her gaze back to her bedroom and put on a clean change of clothes and shuffled downstairs. Her parents were sitting at the breakfast table; neither looked as though they had slept either.
“I take it you didn’t sleep?” Reynold asked. He pulled out a chair for Vianez to sit in.
“No.” She plumped down into the seat. 
“The Elders have already contacted us. They want to see you and Tam as soon as possible…”
Vianez made to stand up, but Reynold held his hand out and stopped her.
“...but we want to hear what you have to say first.”
Vianez never took her eyes off of the table as she spoke, not even when her mother gasped or her father subconsciously gripped her shoulder. When she was finished, she rested her forehead on the table. “I don’t want to hear a lecture.” She could practically feel Blana’s lips pursing together in an effort to stop herself from yelling at her teenage daughter.
A knock at the door distracted everyone. Vianez willed herself to look up.
Reynold frowned and stood. “I thought the Elders said we were to meet them at the council’s hall.” He left the kitchen and Vianez heard him answer the door. 
A moment later, all four Elders walked into the room. “Vianez Atil,” Elder Eleni said, “you are under arrest.”
The mug of hot tea Blana had been holding crashed to the kitchen floor.
Episode Four: Guilty
A knock at the door distracted everyone. Vianez willed herself to look up.
Reynold frowned and stood. “I thought the Elders said we were to meet them at the council’s hall.” He left the kitchen and Vianez heard him answer the door. 
A moment, later all four Elders walked into the room. “Vianez Atil,” Elder Eleni said, “you are under arrest.”
The mug of hot tea Blana had been holding crashed to the kitchen floor.
“What?” It felt as if someone was sitting on Vianez’s chest. 
“Please stand,” Elder Eleni said.
Vianez sat motionless. 
Reynold stood between his daughter and the Elders. “What is this about?”
“Your daughter is under arrest, Mr. Atil. Please step aside unless you would like to join her.”
Blana let out a dry sob and grabbed both of Vianez’s hands with her own. Vianez forced herself to look at her mother, then up at the Elders. Her legs didn’t want to move; she couldn’t make herself stand. 
“I said stand up,” Elder Eleni said again.
Reynold turned towards Vianez and helped her out of her chair. “She still needs to recover from—”
“Any injuries will be looked after in the jail.”
“You’re putting her in jail? She’s sixteen. What has she done?” Blana walked around the table and stood next to her husband and daughter.
Vianez could tell the Elders’ tempers weren’t going to tolerate her delay much longer. “There will be a hearing tomorrow. Vianez, you will come with us willing or we will bind you until we reach the cell.”
Vianez swallowed multiple times before she spoke. “I can walk on my own.” She laid a hand each on both her parents’ arms then pushed herself forwards towards the Elders. Elder Etl reached out and grabbed her forearm and pulled her out of the kitchen. She only managed to glance behind her to see her mother’s face buried in her father’s chest as her entire body shook with tears, before the Elders had her out of the house.
Daring to speak up to the Elders, Vianez asked the question both parents had already attempted: “Why am I under arrest? What have I done?”
“The matter will be presented to you tomorrow,” Elder Etl said, not looking at her.
“You’re taking me to jail without telling me why?”
“Miss Atil, you will not speak again unless spoken to, is that understood?” The lines in Elder Etl’s face were deep like hardened wounds. He glanced at Vianez when she didn’t answer.
“Yes,” she managed to say.
“Good,” he pulled on her arm more firmly and quickened his pace.
The two guards who had guarded the jail when Vianez and Tenoch had visited Cyprian were outside the brown and gray building. They gave no sign of recognition has the Elders marched Vianez into the building.
Vianez gasped when she saw someone was already in the cell that had been Cyprian’s: Tenoch. He sat on the bed with his back resting against the wall. His body gave an involuntary jerk when he saw Vianez come in, but he restrained himself from getting up and went back to looking at the wall opposite his bed.
Vianez furrowed her brows at his reaction. Why was he acting like he didn’t know her or didn’t care about her?
“In here!” Elder Eleni’s voice pulled Vianez from her thoughts. The door of one of the other cells in the room opened, and Elder Etl threw Vianez in. She fell to the floor of the cell and heard the door slam behind her. She stood up and turned around in time to watch the Elders cast a number of spells on her cell before walking out of the jail without another word to either her or Tenoch. 
As soon as the jail door closed, Vianez ran to the bars of her cell that were closest to Tenoch. “Are you okay?” she asked.
Tenoch looked at her but didn’t get up. His eyes had a film over them, making them appear more of a sea green than the bright green they normally were. Vianez moved away from the bars she had been gripping. “Tenoch?”
Without warning, Tenoch let out a howl and shook his head so violently he smacked it against the stone wall. 
“Tenoch!”
He looked around bewildered, taking in his surroundings. His eyes found Vianez’s; they were back to their normal color. “Vianez? What are we doing here?”
“What?” Vianez moved closer. “What’s wrong with you?”
Tenoch was still trying to clear his head from the fog it had been trapped in. “Why are we in jail? What happened?”
“What are you talking about...wait...what’s the last thing you remember?”
Tenoch stood up. “You walked me home. And I went into my house, but then someone knocked on the door, and then...I don’t remember. I’m suddenly in here with you.”
Vianez sighed. “I think the Elders put you under a spell.”
“What? Whatever for?”
“My guess? Because you’re a werewolf and they didn’t want to confront you head on after you had just turned.”
Tenoch turned his back to Vianez and rubbed his hands through his hair. “And almost killed someone. Right. So they what? Arrested me and put me under a spell to get me here?” He faced Vianez once more and walked over to the part of his cell that was closest to hers. “Did they put you under a spell too?”
“No. They came to my house not twenty minutes ago and arrested me.”
“What for?”
“They didn’t say, but what do you think? It’s not like we break the law every other day and lose track.”
“No one knows about that.”
“Then why are we here? What else have we done?”
Tenoch started pacing his cell. “It must have something to do with Ms. Rohn and the events from last night.”
“But we didn’t do anything wrong. Ms. Rohn tried to kill Penora and me, and you saved us.” Vianez reached her hand and arm through two of the bars. “Thank you, by the way.”
Tenoch moved closer to her and reached his arm out as well. They could barely clasp hands. He held her briefly before letting go and pulling his arm back into his cell. “I was worried I had scared you.”
“You did.”
Tenoch’s mouth hung open. “Um. Well, thanks. No beating around the bush there.”
Vianez wanted to laugh, but her urge to cry stopped her. She shook her head, letting her red hair whip around her face. “I mean, it did frighten me to see you like that. I mean, you almost killed her. I know you didn't intend to, it was just...um...unexpected in an already stressful situation. If that makes any sense?”
“Yes, it does. It’s been a long time since I’ve turned. I learned how to control turning into a wolf years and years ago, and I haven’t changed since then.” Tenoch started pacing again. “Well damn, Vianez. What is going on? And Penora? What happened?”
“I don’t know. I hadn’t heard anything. I have to admit I’m worried she isn’t in here.”
“Why?”
“Because if we’ve been arrested for…you know what…and Penora isn’t with us, it’s because she’s either hurt that badly, or…”
“Or she’s dead.” The foul words tumbled out of Tenoch’s mouth.
Vianez turned around and walked towards the bed in her cell. “Right,” she whispered.
***
“That’s not even an option and you know it, Blana.”
“If it was good enough for Vianez—”
Reynold held onto his wife more tightly. “It wasn’t good for Vianez. That’s the point.”
Blana pushed herself away from him. “She’s sixteen.”
“She broke the law.”
“And that’s it then? The law is everything?”
“That is not what I’m saying. But breaking her out of jail is not an option; it’s why she’s in there in the first place.”
Reynold and Blana had been fighting with each other for hours; each one sure they had a plan until the other pointed out its flaws. 
Blana threw her hands up in the air and turned away from Reynold. “Then I don’t know what to do. We’ve been going at this all morning. We technically don’t know why she’s been arrested.”
Reynold raised his left eyebrow. “Come on. What else could it be?”
“Mom? Dad?” They could hear Annon’s voice coming through the study door.
Reynold sighed and headed towards the door. As he reached out for the handle he looked at Blana. “Let’s wait until tomorrow when we find out what’s going on.”
Tears sprung into Blana’s eyes again. She pressed her lips tightly together, wiped her eyes, and followed Reynold out of the study.
***
“Dinner. Move back if you want fed.”
Vianez did as she was told. The round guard pushed a plate of food under a small door at the bottom of the cell door. Vianez was surprised to see a large salad and ample slice of bread and honey. “Thank you,” she called to the guard as he left. Vianez looked at Tenoch who was sitting on the floor starting on his bread. “This doesn’t look so bad, does it?”
Tenoch shook his head and kept piling food into his mouth. Vianez, however, took her time eating. She hadn't had much of an appetite all day. Thoughts of too many different scenarios continued to run through her head. Where was Penora? Was she okay? What had happened to Ms. Rohn? Had she told the Elders who she was and why she was in Owl Flight? Is that why they had been arrested? And where was she? Why wasn’t she in jail? And then of course there was the constant fear if the Elders knew she, Tenoch, and Penora had broken Cyprian out of jail, how did they know. Did the guards remember them? Did someone see something that night?
There was a small rectangular window in the jail on the north wall where none of the cells were. It was at the top of the wall, maybe an inch below the ceiling and it couldn’t have been any longer than Vianez’s arm, nor wider than six inches. Vianez watched the window as the last of the light coming through it vanished and she and Tenoch were left in darkness. Vianez heard Tenoch stretch out and push his plate of food near the door of his cell.
“What now?” Vianez found herself saying.
“I guess we sleep and wait to find out what the Elders know in the morning.”
“I’d feel better if I knew where Penora was and in what condition.”
“I know,” Tenoch said so softly, Vianez could barely make out what he was saying.
When Vianez didn’t reply, she heard Tenoch climb onto his bed. “Good night,” he said.
Vianez looked back up at the pathetic window. “Night.”
***
“You know why you have been brought here today?”
“No, we don’t. That’s what we’ve been trying to tell someone,” Tenoch said. Vianez wanted to reach out and smack him. He had to be careful how he spoke to the Elders; they didn’t need any more trouble.
“Miss Atil?”
“I’m sorry, no. I assume because of what happened with Ms. Rohn attacking Penora and me?”
Vianez and Tenoch had been brought to the Elders’ hall as soon as the sun was up. They had been given a piece of bread each to eat on their way there. Reynold and Blana were outside the council house when Vianez showed up. All three tried to reach out for each other, but the guards positioned themselves between Vianez and her parents and pushed her inside. Now it was just her and Tenoch standing before the panel of Elders.
“You’re surprised to be here?” Elder Eleni asked.
“I am, Elder Eleni,” Vianez said, trying to sound braver than she felt. 
Elder Etl was frowning at her; she thought of her mother telling her when she was younger that if she furrowed her brows for too long, they’d end up looking like that forever. Vianez fought the urge to repeat this to Elder Etl. 
Vianez glanced up at Tenoch whose face was set and was staring at the wall behind the Elders. She tried to mimic his expression but failed; she felt so miserable, she couldn't hide her dismay so she focused on looking confused instead.
“This does have something to do with Bellatrix Rohn; she’s dead,” Elder Eleni said.
Vianez gasped and Tenoch blinked.
“Yes. Something you weren’t expecting, I take it?”
Vianez glanced at Tenoch again then looked at the Elders. “She was trying to kill us: Penora and me. She attacked us with swords, and then after losing them in the river, she turned into a wolf and tried to kill us in that form. Penora, please, is she okay? Ms. Rohn did something to her head and neck.”
Elder Eleni held up a hand to stop Vianez. “We are aware that Bellatrix tried to kill you. We know she is a relation of Cyprian Juro’s.”
“And Penora?”
“Miss Albany will live.”
Tears started to pool in Vianez’s eyes. What did that mean?
“Then I don’t see why you arrested us. Vianez is a victim.”
“And what are you, Mr. Jadon?”
“I only attacked Ms. Rohn to save Vianez and Penora. If I hadn’t stepped in, they would both be dead right now.”
“That’s another matter to discuss and not why we are here, Eleni,” Elder Etl was now standing. He looked at Vianez. “We are here because Bellatrix Rohn said something to the Elders before she died.”
Vianez didn’t have to pretend to be confused; she was completely bewildered. What could Ms. Rohn have said? When no one else spoke, Vianez finally said, “I don’t understand.”
Elder Eleni stood up and gave a quick glance at Elder Etl, who slowly lowered to his seat. She then looked at Vianez and Tenoch. “Ms. Rohn claimed that the two of you and Penora Albany are the ones who broke Cyprian out of prison.”
That horrible woman, Vianez thought. It felt as if the room was spinning. So that was the end was it? The Elders knew and now she, Tenoch, and Penora would be thrown into prison for years. 
“We most certainly did not,” Tenoch’s voice was sharp in Vianez’s ears. 
“I’m sorry?” Elder Eleni said.
“Elders, we did not do this. We weren’t anywhere near the jail when Cyprian is said to have escaped. If you recall, Vianez’s brother, Annon, was missing at the time and we, meaning myself and Penora, were at the Atil home, consolidating our friend and helping her care for her two other brothers while her parents were out looking for Annon.
“Do you stand by this as well, Miss Atil?”
Come on, focus. The room was still spinning, but Vianez brought her gaze to Elder Eleni’s face. “I do. I—I can’t imagine why after everything Cyprian did—that I would want to do something like this. I—I could never. I don’t even have the ability to do this.”
Elder Etl spoke again. “Really? It looks like a guilty conscious is quivering through her body.”
“I think it’s the abhorrence of this accusation, actually,” Tenoch said too harshly.
“You’ll watch how you speak to us, young man. In addition to breaking a murderer out of prison, you are under the suspicion of murder yourself.”
Vianez’s head snapped back to attention. “Who?”
“Bellatrix Rohn.”
“That’s absurd. It was self-defense.”
“You will wait to be spoken to, Miss Atil,” Elder Etl spat.
“Elder Etl. I think that is quite enough. This hearing is getting out of hand.” Elder Eleni was on her feet once more. “Vianez Atil, did you, in any way, help free Cyprian from jail?”
Vianez felt as if her organs were rearranging themselves, but she focused on her family, on her determination to save Annon. “No. I did not.”
Elder Eleni nodded her head. “Tenoch Jadon, did you, in any way, help free Cyprian from jail?”
“No.”
“Very well. Let the records show that two of the three accused have denied their part in this offense.” Elder Eleni turned towards the guards. “You can take them back.”
A guard stepped forward and grabbed Vianez’s arms. “What? But we haven’t done anything.”
“Until the trial is over, you will remain in prison.”
“Trial?” Tenoch said. “Because a crazy woman who came to Owl Flight with the intent to kill two of your people said we committed a crime? Where is there any proof?”
The Elders had already turned around. “The trial will start tomorrow,” Elder Eleni said, not turning back to either one of them.
Blana let out a shrill cry when the guards pushed through the doors and dragged Vianez and Tenoch back towards the jail. Vianez could only watch in horror at her mother’s defeat and Father’s weary face. 
***
“But Elders, we don’t understand. There isn’t any way Vianez and her friends could be capable of performing this kind of magic.” Reynold was holding Blana’s hand as they stood before the Elders. Watching Vianez being dragged away from the building had ripped into his heart. As angry as he had been, and still was, with his daughter’s decisions, it didn’t mean he wanted her in prison. He felt a stab of guilt at the memory of telling Vianez that he wouldn’t drag her down, but he wasn’t going to stand by her actions either. Now however, that couldn't be further from the truth. Of course he and Blana we going to do everything in their power to keep Vianez out of prison. 
Elder Xochtil was looking at Reynold, her face somewhat sympathetic. “An accusation has been made—”
“I can go around making any accusation I want. Does that mean everyone I accuse of a crime is going to be hulled off to jail?”
“Reynold, I understand your frustration, but watch your tongue.”
“Please, they’re just children. Do they need to be in jail for all of this? Surely this is something that can be settled in our home?” Blana’s cheeks were stained with tears and the tightness of the dried salty water on her face remained as a reminder of what her family was going through.
“I’m afraid not, Mrs. Atil,” Elder Eleni said. 
Blana turned her face away from the Elders and stared at her husband’s shoes.
Trying to control his temper, Reynold repeated, “It is my understanding that neither Tenoch nor Penora are capable of spell casting, and Vianez doesn’t have the knowledge nor the ability and strength to perform the magic you are accusing her of. She’s only sixteen years old.”
“There has been great magic performed by those her age and even younger,” Elder Etl said. “We can’t discount the situation based on the suspects’ ages.”
“Please. Isn’t there any way Vianez can come home until this is all resolved? She has nowhere to go. It’s not like she’s at risk of leaving Owl Flight.”
“I’m sorry but no,” Elder Etl said.
“All right. We need to move on,” Elder Eleni said. “Reynold, please describe the situation as you understand it.”
“As I understand it? Well I guess we have to go back to Annon disappearing, don’t we? And you are aware of course of that situation. Vianez and Tam were left to watch Crimson while Blana and I were with the search party. Penora stayed over at our home during this time as well.”
“And why would she be staying there?”
“I suggested it,” Blana said. “I thought Vianez could use the support while keeping an eye on the boys. And she could use a friend.”
“I see.” Elder Eleni made a note on the parchment before her. “Continue.”
Reynold glanced at his wife. “I came home the morning after the first day looking for Annon. Everyone, meaning Vianez, Tam, Crimson, and Penora were in the house, and all was well. Both Vianez and Tam surprised me of their maturity with taking care of our home while we were gone. And then of course, we found Annon the next day and came home. And while this was going on, Cyprian broke out the night before we found Annon, which we were notified of after Annon was home.”
“Yes. And during the night, someone broke Cyprian out of prison. We have always been sure of this. There isn’t any way he could have accomplished this on his own,” Elder Eleni said.
“Yes, but Vianez and Penora were home all night with Tam and Crimson,” Blana said.
“Can your sons vouch for this?” Elder Xochtil asked.
“I—I would assume so for Tam’s sake, although Crimson, probably not,” Blana said, thinking of how she would break it to Tam that he needed to lie to save his sister’s life.
“We will see about that. It is possible the young ladies snuck out after your boys were asleep,” Elder Etl said.
Reynold was finding it difficult to hold in his frustration. “But we didn’t raise Vianez like that. She’s never snuck out in the middle of the night. And I beg your pardon, but I think you are forgetting two of the biggest problems with the suspicion of Vianez’s guilt.”
“And what exactly would that be?” Elder Etl sneered.
“For one, as I have already said, Vianez isn’t capable of this type of magic. Yes, Elder Etl, I am sure there have been sixteen year olds who could do what it must have taken to break Cyprian out of jail, but I know my daughter, I know what she is capable of, and this isn’t it.”
Elder Etl’s face was steadily growing redder. “And the second thing we clearly can’t see?”
“He doesn’t mean any disrespect,” Blana blurted out.
Reynold placed a hand on her arm. “It’s okay.” He looked back towards the judges. “I think it should be taken into account that it was because of Cyprian that Mr. Kazmin was murdered. Vianez didn’t know Mr. Kazmin for very long, but she was extremely upset by his death, especially since she and Penora were the ones who discovered the body.”
“And they went ahead and tried to solve his murder on their own after we told them not to and nearly got themselves killed.” Elder Etl was on his feet again, his hands pressing into the wood of the table in front of the Elders.
“They just care too much. You can’t blame them for that, can you?” Blana was fighting against more tears and her fingernails dug into her palms.
“Elder Etl, it’s okay. Miss Atil and Miss Albany were punished for that; we can’t hold it against them.”
“Can’t we?”
“No. I don’t think that’s fair.” Elder Eleni straightened the pieces of parchment she had been writing on. “I think that is all for now. You may go.”
“And the trial?” Reynold asked.
“Starts tomorrow morning. We will be asking your son, Tam, to testify at some point.”
***
“Suspects? Can you believe how they are treating them? They are children.”
“Shh. Not here,” Reynold said, guiding Blana back home.
“What are we going to do? My poor girl is stuck in that place for another night. Can we visit her?”
“Not yet.” Seeing the look of surprise on his wife’s face, Reynold added, “I asked earlier. I don’t know if they are trying to break them, make them feel isolated maybe, but the Elders said for the duration of the trial, there wouldn’t be any visits. What I wish,” Reynold looked over his shoulder to be sure they were alone, “is that we had a chance to give Penora a heads up.”
“Yes, but how can we without being obvious? I’m sure the Elders are watching her house.”
“Oh, I’m sure they are as well. I would be surprised if there wasn’t a guard at the Albanys’ house. You know who we do need to talk to though, don’t you?”
Blana hung her head. “Tam. Poor sweet Tam. How do you explain to an eleven year old that he needs to lie to the Elders?”
“Tam’s a smart lad. I have confidence in him.”
“I’m a terrible mother. I’m a liar, and I’m encouraging my children to be liars as well.” She covered her face with her hands. 
“You’re not a terrible mother. You are protecting your family; we are protecting our family. That’s all that matters. Tam will understand.”
***
Vianez paced the cell for the sixth time that hour. 
Tenoch, who was sitting on his cot resting his head against the wall, watched her. “Why do you keep doing that?”
“I hate just sitting.”
“I can tell.”
Vianez bit her tongue. They were both tired; there wasn’t any need to fight with each other. “I hate not knowing, you know? I think I’m going to go mad.”
Tenoch now stood and walked over to the bars of his cell. “I know what you mean. I can’t imagine what this must do to people who are prison for years.”
“Or fifty years, like Cyprian was sentenced?”
“I guess you can’t blame him for not wanting to be in there.”
Vianez stopped and turned to face Tenoch. “Yes, but he’s the reason Mr. Kazmin was murdered. All we did was save Annon’s life.”
Tenoch reached for the bars above his head and let his arms carry is weight as he sagged towards the floor. “Somehow I don’t think the Elders are going to see it that way.”
“And how do you think the Elders are going to see what happened to Ms. Rohn?”
Tenoch pulled himself up; a shadow Vianez didn’t recognize passed across his face. “That was self-defense; wolf against wolf. The Elders can’t possibly claim that was murder. I in no way wanted to kill her; my only intention was to stop her from hurting you.
“Oh, Tenoch. I know that. I’m sorry. It’s just the same thing. We haven’t done anything wrong and the Elders are ready to sacrifice us.”
“I think you’re starting to believe your own lies.”
Vianez felt the zing at the base of her neck. Her nostrils flared. “You’re not serious?” All thoughts of keeping a level head were seeping through the cell bars. “I’ll remember to obey every single law if your life is ever in danger, and if saving you means breaking any, I’ll be sure to not do so.” She marched to the corner of the cell furthest from Tenoch. Deep down she knew he was only acting this way because he was as frustrated and tired as she was about the entire ordeal, but that didn’t mean he had to act like a jerk. 
“I’ll do likewise.” Tenoch slammed his hands against the bars hard enough to cause them to rattle and send vibrations through the rest of the jail.
“What’s going on in here?” The gray haired guard burst into the room.
“Nothing. Just a friendly spat.” Tenoch said.
“How much longer are we supposed to be in here?” Vianez said through clenched teeth. 
“I wouldn’t know, miss.” The guard suddenly looked at her as though trying to see the wall behind her, through her. “Something about you is familiar.”
“Yes. I’ve been in here since last night. You took me to the council house this morning. You’ve been bringing me food.” Vianez’s ears felt as though they were going to burn off. She was using every ounce of control to stop herself from doing magic. To do so would cause any hope she had left to disappear.
“No. I feel like I’ve seen you before.”
Vianez blinked. From when I came to visit Cyprian.
The guard shook his head. “I’ll figure it out. Looks like some of my memory is coming back.” He smiled and walked out of the jail.
As soon as the door was closed, Vianez whipped her head to face Tenoch. His eyes were larger than usual and his body slightly rigid. Vianez glanced at the door again. “That’s great.”
Tenoch held up his hands. “It’s okay. There isn’t anything illegal about visiting him.”
“Except for it happening twice only twenty-four hours before he disappeared.”
Tenoch pinched the skin between his eyes. “Let’s not worry about it right now, okay? And I’m sorry for snapping at you earlier. I don’t even know if my father and mother are trying to speak with the Elders. Your parents are in the thicket of things trying to clear your name, and I guess I’m jealous. I’m sorry. I don’t have any right to be.”
Vianez approached her cell bars. “It’s all right. I hadn’t thought about your parents. I’m sure they are doing what they can.”
“Maybe.”
Before Vianez could think of something to say to cheer up Tenoch, the jail door opened once more and the same guard stepped in. Vianez swallowed her breath, nearly choking.
“You’re friend, Penora Albany, she’s awake.”
***
“I don’t understand.” Tam was looking back and forth between his parents. “What do you want me to say again?”
Reynold signed and leaned against his desk. “Tam, it’s necessary that the Elders believe Vianez and Penora were here the entire night Annon was returned to us.”
“Or else they’ll be locked in prison?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know if I can lie like that Father.”
Blana knelt down by her son’s side. “Tam, it’s not about the lying. I understand how you feel, I truly do. But we need to protect our family. I know, you know Vianez did what she did to save Annon’s life. That’s why you went after them right? You wanted to help as well?”
Tam nodded his head.
“Vianez needs our help.” Blana looked up at Reynold then back to Tam’s wide eyes. “I still don’t think what your sister did was the right thing to do, but I do know that I can’t bear to have her spend twenty or more years in prison.”
“I don’t want her to either, Mother.”
Reynold was now crouching down to look at Tam. “Do you think you can manage to be able to tell the Elders that Vianez and Penora were here the entire night?”
Tam took in a deep breath and squared his shoulders. “Yes, I can. But what about Tenoch?”
“What about him?” Blana asked.
“Well, he was over here a few times when you were gone.”
“Of course he was,” Reynold muttered.
Blana shot her husband a warning look. “I don’t think Tenoch being over here could have done any harm. He’s friends with the girls; there isn’t anything strange about that. And the Elders can’t possibly think Tenoch could have done this on his own. If they ask about Tenoch, Tam, then you tell them he was over here visiting.”
“Okay.”
Blana and Reynold stood up. “The Elders are asking for you after lunch tomorrow. We’ll go with you, but I don’t know if they will let us in or not,” Reynold said.
“Why don’t you go outside and play with Annon and Crimson for a bit?” Blana said. She smiled at Tam when he turned around one last time to look at his parents before leaving Reynold’s study, but as soon as the door shut, her face fell and she allowed her body to fall with it and crumbled to the floor. “What are we doing?”
“The same thing we’ve been doing all day: protecting our family.”
“Is this right though? Is it right for us to get the rest of our family mixed up in this mess?”
“You can’t mean Vianez should be thrown out on her own,” Reynold said, feeling both guilty that he had suggested that very thing to Vianez and irritated that Blana would dare to be thinking along the same lines.
“Oh, no. I mean, I don’t know. No, no, of course not. Why did she have to do this? That foolish girl. If she had only told us…”
“We can’t play out ‘if’ scenarios like this. She didn’t tell us; she went ahead and made a choice, and we can’t change that.”
“They’re just kids and they’ve ruined their lives with their foolishness.”
Reynold grabbed Blana’s hands. “Their lives aren’t ruined. They still have a chance. I think we can win this battle.”
Blana finally looked into her husband’s eyes. “But at what cost? Our entire family is in jeopardy now if the truth ever gets out. You know better than anyone how lies work; once you start telling them, they never go away. This is going to live with us for the rest of our lives.”
Reynold cupped a hand under Blana’s chin. “It would live with us the rest of our lives if our daughter was locked away in a prison some sixty or more miles from here. Don’t give up hope. We can do this.” A banging on the front door jarred both of their attentions. “I’ll get it.” Reynold moved out of his study and headed towards the living room door.
“Mrohn! What a surprise! Do come in.”
Mrohn Albany was shaking his head. “It’s Penora. She’s awake.”
***
Penora was first aware of the sharp pain at the base of her skull. An orange light was pressing through her closed lids and she fought to open her eyes. The room looked familiar, but why? The pain caused her to squeeze her eyes again. Why did her head hurt so much? And then there was a wolf in front of her and she screamed.
“Penora! Mrohn, she’s awake!” The door in the room burst opened. “Penora, my darling. It’s okay. It’s okay.”
Smooth hands put themselves on Penora’s face but the wolf was still in front of her. 
“Penora.” It was a gruffer voice. “Penora opened your eyes, child. It’s us. You’re home.” A more calloused hand was placed over her eyes, and pulled at her eyebrows ever so slightly. She opened her eyes and blinked rapidly. The image of the wolf was gone and instead she was looking at the faces of her parents.
“Mother?”
“I’m here, Penora. Just rest. You’ve been asleep for a couple of days.”
“Do you remember what happened to you,” Mrohn asked leaning over his wife’s shoulder to look at his daughters face.
Penora started to shake her head, but then she thought of the wolf and remembered: Ms. Rohn had changed into a werewolf and tried to kill her and Vianez. “Vianez,” she managed to say. 
“She’s all right,” Jal glanced up at her husband then looked back down at her daughter. “She’s not hurt. Your friend Tenoch showed up. Do you remember that?”
“No. I remember Ms. Rohn attacking us.”
“She did dear. She bit you on the back of your neck. We’ve patched you up as best as we could. How do you feel?” Mrohn asked.
“It hurts. My head and neck hurt.”
“I’ll get you some more medication,” Jal said. She rose and started to leave the room, but turned back to Mrohn. “Mrohn?”
He shook his head. “I’m going to get Reynold Atil. We need to sort this out.”
***
“Reynold, I just can’t understand how the Elders can believe any of this is true. A stranger shows up, one who is the sister of a criminal and one who tried to kill our children, and the Elders jump at her accusation that our daughters had something to do with Cyprian getting out of prison.”
Reynold fought the urge to feel guilty for lying to his friend. “I know, Mrohn. I can’t wrap my head around it.”
“It’s unreal. They’re kids. I mean, nothing of course against Vianez, but do you really think she and Penora and this Tenoch fellow could have performed this kind of magic?”
“No, I don’t. The Elders claim that young ones can perform powerful magic, so age can’t disqualify them for their supposed guilt.”
“Ridiculous. I can’t believe it; I won’t believe it.”
“So Penora hasn’t said anything?”
“Well, she’s a little fuzzy about what’s happened. I haven’t broken it to her yet that she’s under arrest. Do you know that they actually came to our home and arrested her while she was still unconscious? Then they placed that guard outside. Is my unconscious, wounded daughter going to make a run for it?”
“Hey, I’m on your side,” Reynold said. “Blana and I spent this morning trying to reason with the Elders. They won’t hear it. They’re adamant that a trial gets held for all three.” He leaned against one of the trees by the edge of the Albany property. The guard the Elders had placed here, was standing closer to the house, occasionally looking over at where the two men were standing.
Mrohn rubbed his face with his hands. “How am I going to tell Penora? I’m surprised the Elders haven’t shown up and hulled her off to jail now that she is awake.”
“Don’t joke about that,” Reynold said. “You don’t want that to happen.”
“Mrohn?” Jal was standing on the front porch. “Penora’s asking for you.”
Reynold and Mrohn turned towards the house, but as soon as Reynold took a step, the guard held up his weapon.
“I suppose I’m not allowed to come see her.” Reynold said. He grabbed Mrohn’s hand. “Just tell Penora the truth. And tell her it will be okay and that Blana and I are taking care of everything.”
Mrohn clapped Reynold’s shoulder. “Thank you, my friend.”
***
“How is she?” Blana asked her husband as he came in the front door. She had been pretending to clean for nearly an hour but finally gave up and had stood in front of that door for the last twenty minutes.
“I actually wasn’t able to see her myself; there’s a guard stationed at the house. No one is allowed to see her other than her parents.”
***
Blana buttoned up Tam’s jacket and brushed his hair into place, not that she needed to. Tam had always been one for looking proper and pristine, and today was no different. He had spent probably twenty minutes combing his blond hair into place, getting his part just right. Blana smiled. He looked just like his father. His hair even had the cute curl at the base of his neck that she loved, though neither Reynold nor Tam was as fond of it; both insisted on keeping their hair short enough to avoid this travesty.
“You look very handsome.”
“You’re coming too, right?”
“I can’t today. I can’t leave Annon and Crimson alone for that long.”
Tam nodded his head, but his eyes rested on his mother’s chin rather than her eyes.
“It’s all right,” Blana raised his head just enough so they were looking at one another. “I love you. You’ll be just fine. You just remember what we talked about, okay?”
“I can do this, Mother.”
“I know you can.” She kissed the top of his head and straightened up to look at Reynold who had just walked down the stairs.
‘Ready to go, Tam? My, you look sharp.”
“I’m ready.”
Blana’s heart ached at the sight of them walking out of the house. Tam already looked defeated at what lay ahead of him. The thought of him having to testify and try to convince the Elders that Vianez and Penora never left the house that night made Blana’s heart sore. She stood staring at the door another five minutes before she finally shook herself from her trance. It was now or never.
Crimson and Annon were playing upstairs with a new set of dolls and animals she had made for them the night before. That would easily keep them occupied another hour. Blana reached into the coat closet by the kitchen entryway and pulled out a silk black cloak. She draped it around her and pulled it over her head. Glancing to look up the stairs one last time for any sounds that might indicate distress, she ran out of the house and into the forest.
She traveled quickly, barely giving her feet time to touch the earth before they sprung up again. She moved through the trees in a manner that left no trace and made hardly any sound despite the forest floor being littered with dead leaves. When she approached the Albany home, she saw the guard stationed outside the front door. Carefully, she circled the forest until she was in line with the back of the house. Reynold had said there was only one guard at the Albanys’ and it appeared he was correct.
Blana took her time approaching the house. She constantly looked behind her and to either side. It was risky to do this in sunlight, but she knew at this moment the Elders were distracted with Tam. Surely Penora would be next on their list to question, and Blana had to get to her before then. Trying to remember what Vianez had told her once about the Albany home, Blana scoped out what was supposed to be Penora’s bedroom window and began to climb up the side of the house. The Albany house was much thinner than the Atils’ cottage, but it was also three stories tall rather than two. Penora’s room was supposed to be at the very top.
Blana dug her fingertips into the bricks, at times, allowing her fingers to hold all her weight as she shifted her boots for better support. Finally, the ledge of Penora’s window was within reach, and Blana pulled herself up the rest of the way. Glancing in, she saw Penora sitting up in her bed eating; there didn’t appear to be anyone else in the room. Carefully, so as not to scare Penora, Blana tapped the window. 
Penora turned and nearly dropped the plate of food she was holding. She glanced at her bedroom door, then set her tray down, got out of bed, and approached the window. Blana put a finger up to her mouth and Penora nodded in understanding. She unlocked the window seal and both she and Blana pulled the window up one inch at a time until there was an opening large enough for Blana to squeeze through.
“Mrs. Atil? What are you doing here?” Penora whispered, walking backwards to sit on her bed once more. 
Blana walked up to her and grabbed the chair Penora’s mother and father had been using when they came to check on Penora.
“There is a guard outside,” Penora said.
“I know. I’ll be quick. I take it your parents have filled you in about what’s happened?”
“Yes. I can’t believe they’ve thrown Vianez and Tenoch in jail without any real evidence.”
“That’s why I’m here. I know you haven’t been able to get filled in on what’s been happening and the story we’ve been...spinning…”
“And you don’t want me to mess it up.”
Blana cocked her head to one side. “No. I suppose I don’t. I wasn’t going to put it so bluntly…”
“It’s fine. And you’re right. I’m completely out of the loop. I think I have to go speak to the Elders tomorrow morning.”
“Yes. They are talking to Tam at this moment. That’s why I’m here now.
***
Tam’s gripped his leg right above the knee to keep it from shaking. He was sitting outside the council house with his father who glanced down at his son from time to time. “You’re going to be okay,” Reynold said. 
“Yes, Father.” Tam grabbed his throat; even his voice was shaking.
“Don’t worry. You just tell the truth,” he raised his eyebrows at the word ‘truth,’ and Tam struggled to keep his face passive as if he hadn’t noticed, “and then we’ll go home.”
“Do you think we’ll get a chance to visit Vianez?”
“No I don’t, Tam. I’ve tried to get in to see her, but for now the Elders would prefer she and Tenoch remain...isolated.”
“Isolated? Now Reynold, that doesn’t sound like a comforting word.”
“Locking up a sixteen year old for something she hasn’t done isn’t comforting.”
Elder Etl narrowed his lips in warning.
Reynold knew better. It was foolish to tempt the power of an Elder, but his own temper had been close to the surface since Vianez had been arrested, and he was finding it more and more difficult to keep himself in check.
Elder Etl turned his attention towards Tam. “Ready, son?”
“Yes, sir.” Tam stood up and bowed to the Elder who gave the smallest tilt of his head.
“In you go.”
Reynold made to follow but Elder Etl held out an arm. “I don’t think so, Reynold. You can wait out here.”
“Elder Eleni made it sound as though I would be able to be in there with him. He’s only eleven.”
“And I’m telling you to wait out here. Tam isn’t in any danger,” he smiled down at Tam, but the Elder’s eyes scared Tam, so he looked away and glanced up at his father.
Reynold looked at Tam. “Very well. I’ll wait for you. Just tell the Elders what you know, son.”
“Yes Father.” Tam walked through the doors and stared. He had never been in a council house before. A dim red light bounced back and forth between the walls and floor, and a long slim black table with four chairs sat in the middle of the room. Three of the four Elders were already seated here, and once Elder Etl pushed Tam forward until he was standing before the panel, he took his own seat.
“I don’t want to take long with this,” Elder Eleni said.
Elder Etl nodded his head. “Of course. Tam Atil?”
“Yes?”
“Where were you the night your brother was found?”
Tam didn’t miss a beat. “I was told the search party found Annon in the morning.”
Three deep wrinkles appeared between Elder Etl’s eyebrows, but he kept his voice steady. “Of course. My mistake. The night before the search party woke up to find Annon nearby, where were you?”
“At home. I had been at home since my parents left Vianez and me in charge of Crimson.”
“Your youngest brother?”
“Yes. He’s three.”
“I see. And you never left the house?”
Tam took a minute to choose his words. “I played in the backyard and the front yard with Crimson a few times.”
Elder Etl tightened his grip on the parchment he held out in front of him. Elder Eleni however smiled. “I think we can still count that as being home, Tam. Did you go anywhere else?”
“No ma’am.”
“May I continue, Elder Eleni?” Elder Etl asked, clearly trying to keep his temper under control.
Elder Eleni raised an eyebrow, but said, “Of course.”
“And where was your sister, Vianez, during this time?” Elder Etl asked.
“While my parents were gone? She was home with me. We were both in charge of taking care of Crimson.”
“Yes, you said. So Vianez never left the house?”
Tam hoped the sweat that was building up on his neck wasn’t showing. “She did leave.”
“Oh?” Elder Etl leaned forward eagerly.
“She and Penora went with my father to look for Annon two days after he disappeared.”
“I see.” Elder Etl sat back. “So your father came home?”
“Yes. He was checking on us and told us Annon hadn’t been found yet, and Vianez asked to go look, and so she did.”
“And Penora Albany was with her?”
“Yes.” Tam shifted his weight from foot to foot, trying to wake his legs up.
Elder Etl sighed. “And did Vianez leave at any other time?”
“Not that I’m aware of.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Elder Xochtil spoke up.
“Um…” Tam tried to remember to breathe. “Well, I never saw her leave, but I spent a lot of time with Crimson; he was upset about our Mother being gone.”
“I see,” Elder Xochtil scribbled something down.
“There’s no way Vianez or Penora were gone long enough to do what you think they’ve done.”
“So they were gone?” Elder Etl was now standing. He pushed out his chair and walked towards Tam. 
“No. I said I don’t know. I just know that Vianez and Penora were home with me the night Cyprian escaped. We had trouble sleeping that night, well every night Annon was missing. They never left and neither did I.” Tam held his ground until Elder Etl was close enough to touch him, and then he started to back away. “Please.”
“Elder Etl, you forget yourself!” Elder Eleni was on her feet and walking around the table as well.
Elder Etl stopped and looked at her, his arm reached out towards Tam.
Elder Eleni marched up to him and put her face in his. “Sit down, now.”
Elder Eleni turned towards Tam. “I just have one more question for you, Tam.”
Unable to stop himself from shaking at this point, Tam only nodded his head. 
“At any time did Tenoch come to your house?”
“Ye...yes. He...he...he came over a...couple of times. He...went with...Father...to look for...to look for Annon.”
“And did Vianez leave with him at any other time?”
Tam shook his head. “Not...not that I...not that I saw.”
Elder Eleni glanced over her shoulder. She then looked back at Tam and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Thank you. You may go.”
Tam practically ran out of the council house, not caring how it might make him look. A guard at the door opened it for him and he charged outside and allowed himself to fall into Reynold’s arms and cried.
***
“They made Tam testify?” Vianez looked at the guard who had just brought her dinner. 
“That’s what I heard.”
“Poor Tam. He’s only eleven. Do you know when Tenoch will be back?” Nearly two hours ago, the guards had taken Tenoch, saying the Elders wanted to speak to him about the murder of Ms. Rohn. Vianez couldn’t understand how the Elders could qualify her death as a murder. Tenoch never set out to kill her; his only intention was to get her off of Vianez and stop her from killing his friends. How did that translate into murder?
“I haven’t heard, miss.”
“Okay. Thank you.” 
The guard stared at Vianez for a few more seconds before turning and leaving. Vianez hated it when he came into the jail. Every time she was sure he was going to suddenly recognize her as having visited Cyprian twice right before his escape. That’ll seal our coffins, Vianez though bitterly. If the guards remember, we don’t have a chance. 
As she ate her dinner, she allowed her thoughts to travel to Tam. Sweet Tam who always wanted to do the right thing. The boy who got sick at the thought of lying, let alone actually having to lie. If he lied, Vianez thought. No, he must have. Otherwise the Elders would have had us in sentencing already. What had she done to her family? Her father had been right. Her entire family was having to suffer because of her actions. But it was to save Annon. Surely that counts for something? I never acted for myself; it was all for Annon. But as she stared into the remnants of the chunky liquid at the bottom of her bowl, she couldn’t help but wonder how her parents felt about her now, now that they had to lie to the Elders and put their futures at risk. She wasn’t hungry anymore and threw the bowl at one of her cell walls.
“Whoa. What’s that about?” Tenoch walked into the jail with two escorts. Vianez stood up and clung to her cell bars. 
One of guards looked at the bowl she had just thrown. “If you aren’t interested in dinner, just say so and we’ll stop bringing you food.”
Vianez was still looking at Tenoch. “It wasn’t the food.”
“Don’t do it again. Hand me that.” 
Still avoiding the guard’s gaze, Vianez picked up the bowl and shoved it under the trap of the cell door.
“I’ll be telling your guards about this.”
“Good.”
The guards shoved Tenoch into his cell then left, slamming the jail door.
“What was that about?” Tenoch asked.
“Tam. The Elders questioned him today.”
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
“We should have known they would. What happened to you?”
Tenoch threw up his arms and started pacing his cell. “They are still undecided. Honestly? I think they are waiting to see if we are guilty of helping Cyprian escape, and then if we are, they are going to decide I must be a murderer as well and tack that charge on me.”
A small jump of hope leaped in Vianez’s chest. “So if we’re found innocent, they’ll agree Ms. Rohn’s death was self-defense?”
Tenoch shrugged his shoulders. “That’s what it seems like to me. But they haven’t actually said so.”
“It’s something. Something finally good.”
“What about Penora?” Tenoch asked. “Any word about her?”
“When they first took you, the guards said the Elders are waiting to question her tomorrow morning, but that’s all they would give me.”
“It worries me she’s not in here. If she isn’t, it’s because she’s injured badly enough that they don’t feel they can put in her in a cell.”
Vianez swayed backwards. “I’ve thought about the same thing. But if they’re going to question her tomorrow, that has to mean she’s doing better.”
“I’m sure she’s fine. I didn’t mean to make it seem as though she wasn’t.”
Vianez dropped to her knees and Tenoch followed suit. He reached his arm out through the bars of the cell and Vianez allowed him to hold her hand.
“It’s going to be okay, you know,” Tenoch said after nearly ten minutes.
“Is it?” Vianez whispered, holding back the tears that had threatened to fall on her cheeks since she found out about Tam.
“We’re in the final stretch. They’ve questioned Tam. They’ll talk to Penora tomorrow. They’re going to run out of people to question. They can’t make this go on and on. They have to come to a decision, and as far as we know, no one has given them any reason to believe that we’re guilty.”
Vianez squeezed his hand. “I do hope so,” she pulled her hand back in her cell and looked out the window to watch the moon rise.
***
“Penora Albany.”
“Yes?” Penora was sitting in a chair in the council house. Her parents were both waiting outside and she couldn’t help but lean towards the door as if when she did, she could feel their presence. Had Vianez and Tenoch been stuck in here alone as well? The only other time Penora had been in the council house was with Vianez after they had found Mr. Kazmin’s body and after they had been punished for involving themselves in solving his murder. On both accounts though, they had been together and one or more of their parents were allowed to be in the room with them. Now however, it was as if the Elders were leading her down the stairs of a basement; Penora was alone, in the dark, and unsure of what could happen to her.
“After the disappearance of Annon Atil, you were invited to stay at the Atil home for two days?”
“Yes.”
“You knew you would be there for two days?”
“I mean no. Wait. What?” Blana had warned Penora the Elders would try to trick her and make her slip up to find her and Vianez and Tenoch guilty. Since their rendezvous yesterday afternoon, Penora had ran different scenarios through her head, thinking about what the Elders might ask her and planning on what her answers would be.
Elder Ibis slid his glasses further up his nose. “How long were you at the Atil home?”
Penora shook slightly, gathering her composure. “I was there for two days. I didn’t know how long I would be there though. We, as in me, my parents, the Atils, and probably the entire town, couldn’t have known how long it would take to find Annon. But overall, it turned out that I stayed with Vianez and Tam, and Crimson of course, for two days.” Penora let out the breath she had been holding in.
“I see.” Elder Ibis said. “And you were in the Atil home the entire time?”
This was a question Blana had warned her about. “No. I was in the backyard and front yard at different times, and I also joined Vianez and Mr. Atil and Tenoch to go look for Tam on the second day.”
Elder Ibis frowned. Penora smiled inside. Passed that one at least, she thought.
“At any time were you and Vianez Atil separated?”
“I don’t know what you mean by separated. If you mean were we ever in different rooms while I was at her house, of course we were. And when we were with Mr. Atil and looking for Annon, we went off in different directions. But if you asking me if Vianez left her house and broke Cyprian out of jail, then no.” Penora was finding it more difficult to breathe. She was still tired for her injuries sustained by Ms. Rohn’s attack. 
“Did you in anyway help the criminal Cyprian escape from prison?”
Penora didn’t think about her answer. “I did not.”
“Very well. Elder Eleni, you had some questions to ask?”
“If you are done.”
“I am.”
“Penora, I would like to change the subject to the injuries you have sustained in the past few days.”
Penora nodded her head.
“Would you please describe the situation in which they occurred?”
Penora did her best, making sure to emphasize Ms. Rohn’s brutality, mistreatment of herself and Vianez, and premeditated plan to kill her and Vianez. “And then I blacked out. I’ve been told Tenoch came to our rescue, but I don’t remember him being there. I believe what my parents have told me though. If Tenoch hadn’t shown up, Ms. Rohn would have killed us.”
Elder Eleni gathered her things. “Thank you, Penora. You may go. You will be staying in your home for now because you are still healing, but please understand you are still under arrest and there will be a guard outside your home.”
“I understand, thank you.” Careful not to fall over as she stood up, Penora walked out of the council house.
“How did it go?” Her father asked her, sweeping her up into his arms. 
“I’m okay.”
“All of this is so unreasonable,” Jal said. “How can they even think our children would be capable of something like this?”
Penora avoided her mother’s eyes and glanced at the guard who was standing behind her father. “I’m still under arrest, but I can go home.” 
Mrohn looked behind him at the guard. “Very well. Let’s go.”
***
Reynold burst through the door causing Blana to drop the food she had been carrying to the table for her sons’ lunch. 
“What? What is it? Has something happened?”
Reynold ran into the kitchen and picked Blana up. “Charges are dropped!”
“No! Are they really?”
“Yes. They can come home. Penora testified this morning, and the Elders made their decision only, what, ten, fifteen minutes ago. Everyone is to go to the council house, but then we can take her home.”
“Vinny come home?” Crimson asked, catching on to what his parents were talking about.
Reynold put Blana down and ruffled Crimson’s red hair. “Yes. She gets to come home.”
“Vinny coming! Vinny coming!”
Annon joined Crimson in celebrating.
“I’ll take care of lunch, Mother,” Tam said. “You go.”
Blana opened her mouth to say something but thought better of it and instead smiled before she allowed Reynold to drag her out of the cottage towards the council house.
“You’re sure everything is in order?” Blana kept repeating to Reynold. 
Reynold laughed. “I’m sure. Now come on!” He was like a school boy excited to show his teacher something he’d found in the woods. The guilt, the hopelessness he had been feeling the past few days had been tearing him apart. He hadn’t been to work since Vianez was arrested. And now it was over; she was coming home. The Elders had decided she and her friends were innocent.
***
“Vianez Atil, Penora Albany, and Tenoch Jadon. Charges were brought to our attention after Ms. Bellatrix Rohn informed us that all three of you had taken part in helping Cyprian escape from jail. However….” 
Vianez was hanging on Elder Eleni’s every word. It didn’t seem it could be true. She had kept telling herself they didn’t have any evidence she and Penora and Tenoch were involved, yet in her heart, she knew she was guilty, and so it seemed likely she would end up spending the next twenty or more years in prison. 
“…However, after close examination of the testimonies that have been presented to us over the past few days, all of us,” Elder Eleni glared at Elder Etl who looked as though he had swallowed a lemon, “feel that there is not enough evidence to find you guilty of these charges. Therefore, Penora and Vianez, you are free to go.”
Wait! What about Tenoch? Vianez’s head screamed. 
“Tenoch. As for the charge of the murder of Bellatrix, we feel you were acting in self-defense to save your friends, and therefore this death will not be ruled as a murder. You are free to go as well.”
Vianez let out a sigh of relief. The blood underneath her skin was bubbling. She wanted to jump for joy and hug Penora and Tenoch, but she also felt like running into her parents’ arms and crying. Before Vianez could decide what to do, the Elders had stood up, and Penora who was already bowing, elbowed Vianez in the side. She hastily bowed as well. 
Reynold and Blana pushed their way towards Vianez, and Reynold swooped her up in his arms. Penora’s parents were there as well as Tenoch’s parents, both who looked very relieved. His mother’s lips appeared to be permanently stuck in a thin line, and she kept trying to flatten Tenoch’s hair as she hugged him. 
“Let’s go home,” Reynold said. 
Vianez could only nod. The bubbling under her skin wouldn’t stop and she was sure if she didn't get out of the council house, she was going to fall apart.
Once everyone had filed outside, Penora and Tenoch approached Vianez and hugged her.
“I told you everything would work out,” Tenoch said.
“Oh, did you?” Vianez laughed. It felt good to laugh. Penora and Tenoch joined in and they laughed until their laughter turned to tears. 
“I’m just so glad it’s over.” Tenoch said.
“So am I, although I can’t believe what the two of you must have gone through having to be in those jail cells,” Penora said.
“Well, I don’t want to experience that ever again,” Vianez said.
“Vianez, come on sweetheart.” Blana called to her.
“I’ll probably see you guys in a couple of days.” Vianez hugged them both one last time then hurried after her parents. 
“How are you feeling?” Blana asked as they walked home. Vianez walked between her parents holding both of their hands. 
“Relieved. I don’t know how you—”
“Once we’re home,” Reynold said. While they were alone, he didn't like the idea of discussing the trial in the open.
“I am grateful it’s done with.”
“Yes,” Blana said. “We all are. You are going to have to really watch yourself, Vianez.”
“Mother, I—”
“No. Listen to me. I mean it. You’ve already been in trouble for disobeying the Elders, you now have been accused of helping a murderer escaped, and yes, while you have been found innocent, that doesn’t mean the Elders will forget you were a suspect. You and your friends need to do everything you can to stay out of trouble.”
“At least for a while,” Reynold added, smiling.
Vianez grinned at her father, ignoring her mother’s glare.
“I’m serious,” Blana said. “I can’t go through this again.”
“I’m sorry,” Vianez said. “I really am.”
Blana opened her mouth to say something else, but they had come in sight of their home and the three boys were outside waiting for them. “Vinny!” Crimson’s cry flooded over Vianez like a cool wind on a hot summer day. She dropped her parents’ hands and ran towards her brothers. Crimson pumped his legs as fast as he could and Vianez picked him up under his arms and swung him around.
“Me next!” Annon yelled. Vianez set Crimson down and lifted Annon and spun him around as well.
“Do you need a turn too?” Vianez asked Tam.
Tam didn’t say anything; he ran up to Vianez and hugged her.
“Thanks for everything, Tam,” Vianez whispered.
“Alright, everyone in the house. I think I can whip up something sweet with help,” Blana said.
***
Vianez nearly fell out of bed after being roughly awaken by a pounding on the front door. What in the world? Vianez grabbed her robe and threw it on. She opened her bedroom door in time to see her father head down the stairs.
Blana walked up to her daughter.
“Who’s here?” Vianez asked. 
“I don’t know. Go back in your room. I need to check on the boys.”
Vianez stepped back in her room, but as soon as her mother entered Crimson’s room, she slipped out again and walked to the top of the stairs just as her father opened the front door.
“Mrohn! What on earth are you doing?”
“The Elders. They’re at our house. I left Jal to handle things, but I had to come warn you. They’re arresting our children again.”
Vianez felt her heart freeze.
“What?” Reynold said. “Come in, man.”
“I don’t dare. If the Elders catch me here…”
“But why?” Reynold asked. “They freed them this afternoon.”
“Apparently the guards remember something. The ones who were attacked when Cyprian escaped. I didn’t catch everything, I bolted from the house as soon as I could and ran here to warn you. They’re taking Penora to jail. She hasn’t healed all the way; how can they do this?”
“Thank you for telling me. We’ll figure this out. I don’t know what the guards think they know, but we’ll get our girls back home.”
“I better go before they get here.”
“Be careful!” Reynold yelled out as Mrohn bolted into the night.
Reynold turned around to find Vianez on the stairs, staring madly at where Mrohn had been standing.
“Get dressed,” Reynold said sharply.
“Father…”
“Where are those notes Cyprian sent you?”
“What? Upstairs.”
“Bring them to me now. Now, Vianez! Move!”
Vianez ran back to her room, nearly colliding with her mother who had come out of Crimson’s room at the sound of Reynold’s yell.
“Vianez, what’s going on?”
Vianez’s chest hurt. She tore through her bedside table and pulled out the two notes Cyprian had sent her when Annon disappeared. 
“Just toss them to me,” Reynold said when Vianez came out of her room.
She leaned over the rail and dropped the letters.
“Now get dressed.”
Vianez spun around once again and tore into her room and threw on a loose tunic, pants, and a warm over shirt. She had no sooner reached for her shoes when she heard more banging on the front door. Moments later, her bedroom door slammed opened and Elder Etl stood in its frame.
“Vianez Atil, you are under arrest.” 
Vianez forced her shoes on just before Elder Etl grabbed her by both arms and yanked her off her bed. He dragged her out of her room and down the stairs. 
“Now wait just a moment!” Reynold said. “There’s no need to treat her like this!”
“Step aside unless you wish to be placed under arrest as well.”
Reynold made to step forward, but Blana who had joined her husband downstairs, held onto his arm and shook her head.
“Wise choice,” Elder Etl sneered, and pulled Vianez out into the night.
***
As soon as Elder Etl and Vianez were out of the house, Reynold hurried into his study.
“What are you doing?” Blana said.
“Settling this once and for all. Get me a better light.”
Blana was back in less than a minute. She placed the lamp on his desk.
Reynold spread out the letters from Cyprian and pulled out a clean piece of paper. He then pulled out the spell book Vianez had used to free Cyprian and tore through its pages until he found what he was looking for. He laid the book down and bent over all the materials on the desk and began muttering a spell.
Blana watched in amazement as letters and words started coming off of the notes with writing on them and fell onto the blank piece of parchment. More than once she had to stop herself from asking her husband what he was doing. 
After nearly twenty minutes, Reynold finally stood up. Blana moved closer to the desk and was amazed to find a new letter had been created that matched the handwriting of the two notes perfectly. She looked up at Reynold. “What exactly did you just do?”
“I created a letter from Cyprian to Bellatrix.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Just wait for the ink to dry, then you can read it.”
Blana’s fingers were itching to reach out for the parchment. She had never seen magic the way Reynold had just manipulated it. Finally, Reynold stood up again and handed her the letter.
Bellatrix,
I must write to you asking for your help. As you know, I am in the jail at Owl Flight for a ridiculous charge thanks to two stupid little girls. A Vianez and Penora. I believe you can handle them. I have no doubt you are already making plans to come here and aid me in my escape plan. The jail is only manned by two guards; nothing you can’t handle. Once I am free, I want Vianez and Penora dead. My dear old friend Tenoch too, if you can wing that. Claim you have teaching experience and are in town for a while. Those fool Elders are desperate enough for a new schoolmaster, they’ll take you up on the offer. If you can’t find a way to kill them off, then I’d settle for them having to rot in prison like they’ve tried to get me to do. Make up whatever you want; they must pay though for what they have done to me. And you owe me, dear sister. 
Looking forward to seeing you again,
Cyprian
“Unbelievable,” Blana whispered. “It’s in his handwriting.”
“Now the hard part,” Reynold said.
Blana held up the letter. “This wasn’t the hard part?”
“We need the Elders to find this letter in Bellatrix’s things.”
Blana lowered her arm. “Right. It’s not as though we can give this to them.”
Reynold smiled despite how he was feeling. “No. No we can’t. However, I believe the Elders have been so occupied, Bellatrix’s things have been left alone in the schoolhouse. We need to find a way to get the letter in there.”
“Is that why the schoolhouse is being guarded?”
“Yes.”
“Then the other problem we will run into is getting the Elders to go through her things once the letter is there.”
Reynold took the letter from her and started to fold it. “I think I can manage that.”
“Then I’ll take care of the letter.”
“No, Blana. I’ll do it.”
“I’m faster and I can conceal myself better.” She reached for Reynold and took the letter back. “Don’t worry. I’ll be back soon.”
“Blana—”
Blana turned from the door.
“I love you.”
“I love you too. Go bring our daughter home.”
***
Vianez glanced at Tenoch and Penora out of the corner of her eye. Elder Etl had been determined to skip all formalities and took Vianez straight to the council house where Penora and Tenoch were both already standing before the panel with their arms tied behind their backs. Vianez had given the thought of trying to run away a moment to linger in her mind when she saw this. Elder Etl had shoved her towards her friends however and bound her hands behind her back as well. Penora was crying, but Tenoch simply stared ahead, looking over the other Elders’ heads. 
“I didn't expect us to be here again, but the guards, Loum and Timan seemed to have remembered something that implicates you as being guilty in helping Cyprian escape from prison.”
“I thought we were found innocent,” Tenoch said, finally taking his eyes off the wall to look at Elder Eleni.
“New evidence has been brought forward.”
“Meaning you’ve changed your minds.”
“Tenoch!” Vianez whispered, reaching out with her leg to kick him. The last they needed was to make the Elders angry enough to decide to charge Tenoch with Ms. Rohn’s murder after all.
“Excuse me Mr. Jadon?
“Tenoch shut up.”
“No, Vianez.” He looked back at Elder Eleni. “We didn’t do this. We should have never been arrested in the first place. A woman who came to Owl Flight with the intention to kill us claims we’re guilty of this crime and you believe her enough to throw Vianez and me in jail for days. Penora would have been in there too if she hadn’t been, you know, almost killed. We have cooperated, our families have cooperated, and yet, after finally realizing we were telling the truth, you drag us out of our beds in the middle of the night, claiming you think we’re guilty again?”
“Enough. You will watch yourself, Tenoch Jadon. It is this council’s responsibility to keep order in Owl Flight. Every member of the council has a right to bring forth—”
“So Elder Etl right? What did we ever do to you?” Tenoch looked at Elder Etl.
Vianez groaned. He was making it so much worse. 
Elder Etl however looked right past Tenoch and said to the guard at the back of the room, “Bring them in!”
The two guards that usually stood over the jail walked in. This was it. Vianez didn’t see how they were going to talk themselves out of this one. Penora hadn’t taken her eyes off the floor and continued to sob. 
“Tell the rest of the Elders what you told me,” Elder Etl said.
“The guards walked past Vianez, Tenoch, and Penora and stood in front of them. They both bowed, then the large one, who Vianez was sure was called Timan spoke. Vianez’s stomach did flip flops as the guard told the Elders that she and Tenoch visited Cyprian the day he disappeared and the day previous to that as well.
Finally, Elder Eleni said, “And this is everything? You do not however, have evidence that these three were at the jail when you were knocked unconscious.”
“No my lady, we do not.”
“Thank you, you may go.”
“Now wait just a minute, Elder Eleni, these are my witnesses.”
“And what else can they offer us, Elder Etl?”
Elder Etl clenched and unclenched his fists several times. “Very well. Well, as you can see, all three of these criminals lied to us and I move to find them guilty.”
Vianez couldn’t let them do this. She decided to risk speaking up. “Wait. We never lied.”
“You never told us you visited Cyprian in prison.”
“No one asked.”
“That is true,” Elder Ibis said from the end of the table.
“A lie of omission then?” Elder Etl sneered.
“No. We did go see Cyprian. I was having nightmares, you can ask my mother, she helped me control them.”
“Yes.” Tenoch stepped in. “And I suggested to Vianez that facing Cyprian may help her face her fears.”
“The guards said they weren’t in there very long,” Elder Ibis said.
“Although, when they were questioned about leaving their homes, they should have mentioned this,” Elder Xochtil said.
“Exactly,” Elder Etl said.
“We’re not guilty, and we’re not liars,” Vianez said as her stomach made one last knot.
Elder Etl turned on her, but before he could say anything, Reynold, Mrohn, and Tenoch’s father, Frey, burst through the doors.
“Reynold! This is incredibly inappropriate. I expect better of you, “Elder Eleni said.
“You took our children from their beds in the middle of the night. Surely we deserve to know why,” Frey said.
“There is a witness who hasn’t been questioned yet,” Mrohn said.
“And who is that?” Elder Eleni asked.
“Bellatrix Rohn.” Reynold ignored the look of shock on his daughter’s face.
Elder Etl laughed right out loud at that. “She’s dead.”
“And her character, her actions, her belongings, have none of these been taken into question?”
“We have heard testimony of her actions,” Elder Eleni said.
“But they are right to suggest we have not looked at her belongings.” Elder Ibis piped up.
“And why should we?” Elder Etl’s eye were twice as big as usual and looked like they were going to pop out of his head.
“I think it’s only fair that she be searched as well,” Mrohn said. “Given that all of this has occurred because of her accusations.”
“Enough!” Elder Eleni was on her feet. Silence fell over everyone at once. “I agree. I haven’t felt easy about this trial. Something isn’t right. We have in our possessions everything Bellatrix had on her when she came to Owl Flight. We should at least explore every door before closing the door on these children’s futures.”
Vianez’s heart was pounding in her chest. What was her father playing at?
“However, Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch will spend the night in jail, and unless you would like to join them,” she looked at the three fathers, “I suggest you go home to your families. We will meet back here at noon.”
“And we will decide once and for all?” Elder Etl asked.
Elder Eleni nodded her head.
A guard was upon each Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch. Vianez barely had time to look at her father, who gave nothing away, before being pulled out of the council house and back into the night air.
***
Vianez didn’t sleep, nor did Tenoch. Penora finally fell asleep only after exhausting herself from crying for so long.
“What do you think is going to happen?” Vianez finally asked Tenoch. They were back in their old cells and sitting as close to the other’s cage as possible.
“I don’t know. What are the odds the guards remember right after we’re released?”
“I don’t know. They’re not false memories.”
“No, they’re not. But it doesn’t feel right.”
“Elder Etl isn’t right.” Vianez said, thinking about the look of hatred on the Elder’s face.
“No, he isn’t.”
“You really shouldn’t have yell at them, Tenoch.”
“Well, I’m sick of this. It’s ridiculous.”
A tear fell on Vianez’s cheek. “I think you were right; we’re starting to believe our own lies.”
“Don’t say that.” Tenoch reached out for her hand, but Vianez shook her head. Tenoch’s hand fell against the bars.
***
At noon, Vianez expected to be taken back to the council house, but instead, the Elders came into the jail. Vianez nudged Penora, and they and Tenoch stood up. 
“Open the doors,” Elder Eleni said.
The three teens looked at each other.
“It seems, Bellatrix was lying after all. We found a letter among her possessions from Cyprian outlining his wish to have you killed and if not, then perhaps to be accused of a crime that would get you thrown in prison.” Elder Etl huffed behind Elder Eleni, but she simply held up at hand to silence him. “We have been misled, we will not pretend otherwise. Some of us now feel that it is possible Bellatrix arrived in Owl Flight before she claims to have, and is the one who helped Cyprian escaped. That at least, is a possibility based on this letter.”
“So we’re free?” Tenoch asked the question that was banging against Vianez’s rib cage.
Elder Eleni looked him up and down. “Yes. The matter is, as far as we are concerned, closed.” Elder Eleni glanced at Elder Etl as she said this.
“You’re parents are waiting for you outside.”
“Vianez squeezed Penora’s hand to stop them both from crying and followed Tenoch outside. Just before leaving the jail, Vianez chanced to look at the Elders and knew from the look in Elder Etl’s eyes, this wasn’t over as far as he was concerned.
Episode Five: Picking Up the Pieces
“Dang it!” Tenoch stuck his finger in his mouth and sucked. He pulled it away. Too late: the blood was pooling out.
“What happened now?” Frey called out from behind the counter.
Tenoch glared in his father’s direction. He had been working in Frey’s shop for two weeks now. The Elders had officially closed the school for the season with the intent to open it again in the spring, and according to Frey, with nothing else to occupy Tenoch’s time, Tenoch might as well start learning the family trade.
“I’m fine,” Tenoch called out. “Just another splinter.”
Frey poked his head up above the counter. “That’s why you have to take your time sanding the wood. It can’t be rushed or you’ll miss splinters.” He stood up and carried over the oil he had been searching for.
“I haven’t been rushing.” Tenoch’s teeth were clenched. He stepped around the headboard and looked around for a clean rag.
“Here,” his father said, holding one out to him.
Tenoch didn’t meet his gaze. “Thanks.” He pulled off a strip of cloth from the rag and wrapped it around his finger. 
“Let me help you,” Frey said, reaching out to tie the cloth. “There. We’re going to have to sand it again then. What would Mrohn say if his wife gets caught by a splinter?”
“All right. I thought it would go by quicker. When did Mr. Albany want the headboard?”
“We’re actually late, but with, well, you know, the trial and all, I told Mrohn it would be a couple of weeks late. I promised to bring it to him by next Tuesday though so that only gives us five more days to finish up.”
Tenoch sighed and looked around the shop he had grown up in. Clocks, chests, tables, chairs, and even a few animal statues littered the front of the store, ready for purchase. Here, in the workplace, Tenoch looked at the headboard his father had decided he needed to work on almost two weeks ago. Tenoch had originally thought he would be seeing Vianez a few days after everything from the trial blew over, but he hadn’t caught a glimpse of her this entire time. He hadn’t heard anything from Penora either; although, when Mr. Albany came in to check on the progress of the headboard last week, he told Tenoch Penora was healing quickly, and physically, she seemed much better. He wouldn’t elaborate any further however, and Tenoch couldn’t help but wonder if Penora was taking what had happened to her over the past month much harder than he had thought.
“Where is your head, son?” Frey asked, waving a hand in front of Tenoch’s face.
“Sorry. Just thinking about how much work is left.”
Frey walked around the headboard looking at Tenoch’s work. “There isn’t as much to do as you think. The detailing is nice, although there are a few places I need to clean up.” He ran a hand over the wood. “Yes, it needs sanded at least one more time, then oiled and layered in a nice coating of my polish, and I think she’ll be good to go.”
Tenoch reached out to grab more sandpaper.
“Take your time on this. Your work is your word. It’s what makes your business.”
Tenoch walked around his father and crouched down to begin. “Yes sir.”
***
Vianez paced around the perimeter of her home for the tenth time. Her father hadn’t come out and said she wasn’t allowed to leave the house, but it was clear from the way her parents had been acting and speaking to her over the past two weeks that she didn’t have permission to leave her family’s property. 
Twice now she had tried to contact Penora. She had asked her father to talk to Mr. Albany at work, and she had sent a letter to Penora four days ago, but still no word. The most she had been able to get out of her father was that Penora was healing and she wanted to keep to herself for the time being.
For the time being? Does that mean she’s too tired for company or is it just me she wants to avoid? And who can blame her? Vianez kicked up dirt as she let her feet drag. It’s my fault this happened; I’m the one who dragged her into this mess.
“How long do you plan on keeping this up?” Blana was standing at the back door, towel in one hand and a pot in the other.
“Until I sink into the earth.” Vianez strolled towards her mother.
Blana leaned inside and set the towel and pot down. She reached out and brushed back a piece of Vianez’s red hair that mimicked her own. “Is it really that bad?”
Vianez shrugged her shoulders. All her fury, her anger, and her hate had seeped out of her during the trial. Now, it felt like there was nothing left. She didn’t have any fight in her, so she wandered her house or the backyard in attempts to make something out of the nothing that was consuming her.
Blana licked her lips, trying to think of something to say to Vianez to cheer her up. She grabbed the back of her neck and cocked her head. “Oh, my Vianez. I wish I knew what I could do or say to make things better.”
“I know. No one wants to look at me anymore.”
“Now that’s not true.”
“Isn’t it? Tam leaves the room when I enter, and Father can hardly stand to glance at me. You pay attention out of pity…”
Blana put her hands on Vianez’s upper arms. “I do not. I love you.”
“You’re still upset though. I can tell.”
Blana rubbed her eyes. There wasn’t any pretending that wasn’t true. Everyone was still upset and on edge. Everyone except Annon and Crimson, of course.
“Never mind,” Vianez said. “I’m going to go up to my room.”
Blana made to reach out for her daughter again, but Vianez dodged inside and ran up the stairs, leaving Blana to stare at the spot she had been standing only moments ago.
Vianez closed her door and slid down, sitting on the floor and resting her back on her door.
She closed her eyes and allowed her thoughts to travel back over everything that had occurred since her father had announced the family would be moving to Owl Flight.
“It’s really going to give our family a chance for something new,” Reynold had tried to explain, clearly perplexed as to why no one else in the family looked as excited as he did.
“But our friends are here. And the children have never lived anywhere else,” Blana said. Vianez had felt her mother was trying to put on her best face for the boys, but she could tell by the occasional crack in her mother’s voice that everything wasn’t okay.
“It’s an adventure.”
And that was the problem, Vianez thought, banging her head against the door. Adventures. Father has always wanted something more and exciting. But Pelmon had been exciting enough, hadn’t it? There was always something to do. Vianez was one of the top students at her school, and she, along with a few of the other high achieving witches were constantly taken on field trips around the city and its borders by their teacher. She was seeing plenty of the world there. What did Owl Flight have to offer that Pelmon didn’t?
Murder, werewolves, a chance to be arrested, and multiple chances to be killed. Vianez banged her head back on the door again. She had never acted this way in Pelmon. She would never have gone chasing after a killer, breaking someone out of prison, or putting her life and the lives of her family and friends in jeopardy over and over again, yet here she was. 
“Is everything okay in there?” Blana’s voice floated through Vianez’s bedroom door.
“It’s fine.”
“What’s the banging?”
Vianez opened her mouth to say, “My head,” but thought better of it. “I’m cleaning. Sorry.”
Silence.
Finally, Blana said, “Okay,” and Vianez heard her walk back down the stairs.
Vianez pushed herself up and walked to her window. She knelt on the bench beneath it and leaned her arms on the window sill. She would see her father coming home from this direction. See if he was going to notice her today.
***
“Do you want to try to go for a walk before it gets dark?” Jal was sitting at the foot of her daughter’s bed, watching her. Even though she was making remarkable progress and healing quickly, Penora still insisted it was difficult to be out of bed. Jal didn’t know how much of that was because Penora was still physically weak or because she was emotionally drained.
Penora looked up from the book she had been reading. She hadn’t turned the page for the past twenty minutes, but instead had read the same paragraph over and over again until the words blurred together in a mass of black ink. “No, I don’t think so. Not today.”
Jal looked at the note on Penora’s bedside table. “Are you going to reply?”
Penora followed her mother’s gaze, but said nothing.
Jal pursed her lips in an effort to not tell Penora what to do. Truthfully, Jal thought Penora was being too hard on Vianez. It wasn’t that poor girl’s fault for what had happened. On the other hand, she couldn’t force Penora to be friends with Vianez, and if Penora wanted space from Vianez, Jal would have to sit back and let the teenagers take care of the issue themselves. “I’m going to start dinner then. You need to come downstairs and eat with us. I’m not bringing dinner up to you tonight.”
“What? Why?”
“You’re not going to get strong by sitting in bed all day.” Jal stood up, glanced at the shock on Penora’s face one last time, and left the room.
Penora stared at the spot her mother had disappeared. She didn’t understand. How could she? Penora couldn’t tell her mother the truth. That she and Vianez and Tenoch had broken Cyprian out of prison. That they were guilty. She knew her mother thought she was being unfair, but Penora had been doing okay in Owl Flight until she started getting into trouble with Vianez. Now she had been almost killed four different times and had nearly ended up locked away in a prison cell. I don’t remember you complaining about having Vianez as a friend before, a voice inside of her whispered. 
“Shut up,” Penora said aloud. She pulled her knees into her chest and ducked her head, hiding the tears from the blind walls in her room.
***
Tenoch clutched his jacket close to his chin as he walked into the wind. Owl Flight must have decided that morning when it woke up that winter should be on its way because the remainder of the leaves on the trees were completely gone and the bright oranges and reds that had filled the forest floors were now brown and gray. November still felt too early to be winter and Tenoch shook himself to keep the cold from latching on to his exposed skin.
He was on his way to Necalli’s shop for more nails. His father had been the one to run out; he never told Tenoch orders were now part of his new job. But upon seeing they were out of nails and Tenoch hadn’t ordered for more, Frey told his son to get himself to Necalli’s if he was going to be able to start on the new desk order that had been put in that morning.
He saw Mr. Atil come out of the shop and yelled out to him, but the wind threw Tenoch’s voice back in his face. He quickened his pace and once closer, called to Mr. Atil again.
Reynold turned around. “Oh, Tenoch. Good morning.”
“Good morning, sir. What brings you here?”
Reynold stopped himself from raising an eyebrow at the boy’s boldness. Perhaps he was simply trying to be friendly. “Picking up a few things from Necalli’s we’ll need today at the site. You?”
“Nails. We’re out.”
Reynold couldn’t stop himself from letting out a chuckle. “Yes, I can see where that would be a problem for your father. It was good to see you, Tenoch.”
“Wait, sir?”
Reynold turned back towards Tenoch.
“Can I come by to see Vianez this weekend?”
Reynold chewed on this tongue. He wanted to say no, but it had been a couple of weeks since everything with the trial had ended. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could say Vianez was grounded. “You can come by Saturday after lunch. I’ll let Vianez know. Have a good day.”
Tenoch waited until Mr. Atil was out of earshot then let out a loud sigh. He turned towards Necalli’s shop and stepped inside with a new spring in his step, regardless of the frozen air.
“Good morning, Tenoch,” Necalli called out. He was a large man with grey hair and beard streaked with what remained of its original black color. 
“Morning Necalli. I’m looking for as many nails as you can get me.”
Necalli reached up on a shelf behind his counter. “It’s not like your father to forget to order these.”
“He didn’t. Well, actually he did. He says I was supposed to order them, but since I didn’t know that…”
“You’re the one who gets blamed anyway, right?” Necalli laughed, his cobalt blue eyes sparkling, and placed a large box of nails on the glass counter top.
Tenoch dug through his pockets for the money. “Yeah, that’s right.” He placed the money in Necalli’s stretched out hand.
“It’s ‘cause you’re young, son. Us old folks have got to have someone to blame when the mind starts to wander as to not give away our forgetfulness.”
Tenoch picked up the box and nails. “Right. Don’t let Father hear you call him an old folk.”
“Well, it’s what the man gets for getting married and having a child so late in life. Man’s nearly as old as I am.”
“At least there isn’t much gray in his hair yet.”
“Now just wait a minute. Don’t be getting cheeky with me so early in the morning. I may be old, but I can still out run you, pup.”
Tenoch put up his hands in a mock defense pose. “All right, all right. I surrender.”
Necalli swiped at his head, and Tenoch ducked just in time. “Get out of here before I find a good use for you.”
“Have a good day, Necalli,” Tenoch said, laughing as he left the store.
“You too, Tenoch.”
***
Vianez paced her bedroom floor. She had just finished helping her mother clean up lunch, and now Tenoch was coming over. A couple of days ago, when her father had come into her room to talk to her, Vianez had felt hope. She thought he was ready to move past everything that had happened, but instead, he quickly told her Tenoch wanted to see her on Saturday after lunch and left the room without ever looking her directly in the eye. Vianez hadn’t eaten dinner that night, but allowed herself to fall asleep to the sound of her own tears.
Now, however, she would wait. She kept glancing out of her window, which she knew wouldn’t do any good since it didn’t face the way Tenoch would be coming, but she felt as if she had to do something. She couldn’t very well wait for him outside and let him know she had been waiting, and to wait in the living room or kitchen would mean being in the same room with her family—something she had been avoiding as much as possible.
She wondered if he had heard any more news than she had about Penora. Maybe he had been to see her. But then the thought of that dropped her heart. If Penora was willing to see him and not her...Vianez shook her head. There wasn’t any need to think like that. She didn’t know yet if Tenoch had seen Penora or not.
She walked back to the window again. There wasn’t anything to look at anymore. Not now that the forest had gone into hibernation and the clouds had settled so low, one wouldn’t believe there were mountains in the distance unless that had had a chance to see them for themselves.
Finally a knock from downstairs brought Vianez’s attention back. She glanced in the mirror hanging next to her bedroom door and fixed her hair. She pulled it forward, then back, then pushed it to one side. As she heard footsteps walking up the stairs, she scurried for a hair tie and pulled her hair back in a low ponytail and threw on her wrap just as the door opened.
Blana poked her head through the crack she had made between the frame and door. “Tenoch’s here. He’s waiting downstairs.”
“Do we have to sit in the house or can we…”
“You can go walking, but no longer than two hours.”
Vianez let a small smile creep into the lines in her face. “Thank you.” She focused on trying not to look to eager as she descended the stairs. Tenoch was talking to Tam about what sounded like a desk.
“A desk?” Vianez asked as she stepped off of the last stair.
Tenoch straightened. “That’s what I’m building right now in my father’s shop. I was telling Tam about it.”
“It’s so cool what you can make a tree into,” Tam said.
“Right,” Vianez said. She looked at Tenoch. “Do you want to go for a walk?”
“That sounds nice. You might want something warmer than that though.” He nodded his head at Vianez’s wrap.
She picked up the heavy coat that she had placed on the back of the couch earlier that day. “All ready.”
They walked along the road leading away from Owl Flight towards the river they had fished in before.
“How have you been?” Tenoch asked, hoping it wasn’t too leading of a question.
“I wouldn’t even know where to begin.” Vianez dug her hands deeper into her coat pockets. “Why don’t you tell me what you’ve been up to? Sounds like you’re working with your father?”
“Yup and hating every minute of it.”
“It can’t be that bad. Isn’t it, as Tam said, cool making things out of wood?”
“Maybe. But I’m not interested in it. My father is convinced I’m going to take over his shop and run it one day. That or open a woodcarving shop of my own, but I’m not sure that’s what I want to do with my life.”
“What do you want to do?”
“Oh, I don’t know to be honest.” Tenoch held out his hand and helped Vianez climb over the boulders that were meant to block the path to the river in case any children wondered that way. “I do want to develop my witch abilities more. I want to learn how to cast spells.”
“Your mother is a witch, right?”
“Yes, but she sort of just does what Father wants. She’ll use magic, but when I was young, I had difficulty with the spells she tried to teach me, so father decided there wasn’t enough magic in me to waste her time. He focused on me learning woodcarving instead.”
They walked the rest of the pathway to the river and Vianez sat down on a large boulder that overlooked the water. “Why woodcarving, if you don’t mind me asking.”
“Everyone needs a skill right? At some point I have to grow up and make a living. Working with wood is something my father’s family has been doing for, well, probably over a hundred years now, so it just seems like the logical step for me.” Tenoch didn’t sit with Vianez but instead found some stones to chuck into the river below.
“But you want to do something else, don’t you?”
Tenoch turned and smiled at her. “Yes, but I don’t know what that is, besides I know I want to be able to do magic. Who knows, maybe I can find a way to mix both worlds.”
“How do you mean?”
“Like use magic to wield wood in a way it wouldn’t be able to move otherwise.”
Vianez tilted her head back and let the sun shine on her face. She thought about that. At least Tenoch had an idea of what he wanted to do with his life. Vianez had never really thought about it herself. What was it that interested her enough to want to find a career in?
“I think that could be a neat idea. It would set you apart from other woodshops.”
Tenoch sat down next to her. “Exactly. What would you do?”
“What? For me? Or if I was you?”
“Either.” He crossed his legs and faced her.
“I don’t know, Tenoch. I don’t even know what I want to do with the rest of my life, but if I were you, I would do whatever made me happy. If working with wood is or isn’t going to do that, then it matters. The same holds true with magic.”
Vianez tried to pretend she didn’t notice Tenoch’s hand inch closer and closer to hers. When they were in prison, she hadn’t thought much about holding on to each other; there was too much going on, too much at stake, and too much to fear for than to worry about how she felt about Tenoch. Now though, the still air and hum of the river heightened all her senses at once.
She wouldn’t pretend she hadn’t found Tenoch handsome as soon as she had met him. He was tall and towered over her when standing. His bright green eyes were clear and nearly see-through out in the bright sun or when he was happy, but cloudy and almost a forest green when he was either angry or feeling down. She cocked her head as she studied his face. His eyes always gave away his emotions; she liked that about him.
Tenoch could feel himself reddening and pulled his hand back by pretending he had to scratch his nose. “What are you thinking about so?”
Vianez blushed at being caught. “Sorry. Just thinking in general.”
Tenoch raised an eyebrow.
“I mean about what you want to do with your life. I was thinking if your mother isn’t interested in teaching you spell casting, maybe you can ask my father.”
“I don’t know.” Tenoch’s nose wrinkled. “You could teach me.”
“I—I could try. I’m not a very good teacher if you—remember.” Vianez turned her head from Tenoch, wishing she hadn’t brought it up. Although, now that she had, perhaps it would be a good time to segue way into talking about Penora.
Tenoch grabbed Vianez’s hand.
She turned to look at him again.
“Do you want to talk about it?” he asked her.
“We probably should, don’t you think?”
Tenoch put his other hand forward so he now held Vianez’s right hand in both of his. “I haven’t heard much. And I haven’t seen too many people either.”
“So you haven’t heard from Penora at all?” Vianez was trying to keep her voice steady, but now that they had finally approached the topic she had been waiting to discuss, it was difficult.
“I haven’t heard from her, no, but I have seen her father a few times.”
“Really?” Vianez was surprised to hear this. Why hadn’t Tenoch mentioned this news earlier?
“Yes. Father and I are finishing up the headboard he wants for Mrs. Albany. He’ll be picking it up on Tuesday.”
“Oh.” Vianez tried to pretend this made sense to her. “What do you know?”
“All I’ve been able to get of him is that Penora is healing. She’s up and walking, although she gets tired easily, and most of the wounds she endured have closed up, so she’s only left with a few scars.”
“So, why hasn’t she reached out to me? Why isn’t she responding to any of my messages?”
“What messages?”
“I sent her a letter and I tried to have my father talk to Mr. Albany, but the most I got was my father telling me the same thing you just did. Penora never responded to my note. For all I know, she didn’t receive it.”
“I doubt that.” Tenoch turned his body so he could stretch out his legs. “Mr. Albany is a good man. And your father wouldn’t forget to pass along the letter either.”
Vianez moved herself to mimic Tenoch’s position. “I’m not sure that is encouraging. At least if I could think she didn't get my message, there’s hope. But the certainty that she did receive it and read it and won’t talk to me still, is...well, it’s crushing. What have I done?”
“I don’t think it’s necessarily something you’ve done. You guys have been through a lot in the past couple of months. First, Mr. Kazmin’s murder and being chased by Anochi. And I know about the pit—”
“I can’t talk about that.”
“Sorry. Then Annon went missing, and we, well you know what we did. We almost got stuck in another realm that would have killed us. Then everything that happened with Ms. Rohn: the fire, her attack. And of course what happened just two weeks ago with the trial and prospect of being a prisoner for who knows how long.” Tenoch sucked in a deep breath.
Vianez hung her head, fighting back the tears that wanted to shine through her eyes.
“That’s a lot to take in. It is a lot to happen to anyone. I don’t think it is fair of us to be upset about Penora closing herself off right now.”
Vianez shook the tears back. “I know. Okay? But I went through it all too. I’m overwhelmed too. Shouldn’t we be talking about it and working through this together instead of...I don’t know.” Vianez threw her hands in the air. “I don’t know anymore.”
“I’m not saying I agree with Penora, but I think we can’t judge her on how she is dealing with everything that has been going on. We’re all going to deal with this differently. I don’t think it’s a matter of a right way or a wrong way.”
Vianez stood up, surprising Tenoch who leaned back and slid on the boulder. This wasn’t the way she had expected the conversation to turn. She thought Tenoch would be on her side and agree with her about Penora. She thought they would come up with a plan to go to Penora’s house and get her to talk to them. But Tenoch was happy to have Penora shut herself off and ignore Vianez as if Vianez hadn’t been through everything Penora had. As if she was the only one hurting. 
“I should probably go home,” Vianez said, turning to climb down the boulder.
“What? What did I say?”
“Nothing. I don’t want to be gone too long. This is the first time I’ve left my house in two weeks; I don’t need to give my parents a reason to lock me up again.”
Tenoch stood up and followed Vianez. “No. It’s something else. You’re angry about what I said about Penora.”
Vianez spun around. “I thought at least you would be on my side.”
Tenoch stepped back. “What side? There aren’t any sides. That was the point I was trying to make. I never said I agreed with Penora. I think she should talk to us…”
“That’s not the way you were putting it a few moments ago.”
“...but we can’t force her.” Tenoch was breathing heavily. This wasn’t how the afternoon was supposed to go. It had taken two weeks to see Vianez and now he felt everything was tumbling forward like a mudslide.
“I just want to go home. I don’t want to get in trouble.”
“Fine, I’ll take you home.” He reached out for her hand, but Vianez moved forward and pretended she hadn’t notice.
It was a quiet walk back to the Atil cottage. Both Vianez and Tenoch thinking they were in the right and it was the other one who didn’t understand. When they reached Vianez’s front porch, Tenoch placed a hand on her arm as she put her hand on the doorknob. “I’m sorry I upset you, Vianez. I’m glad we were able to spend time together today.”
It was always so frustrating to stay mad at Tenoch when he acted like that. Vianez reached out and squeezed Tenoch’s hand. “I’m sorry too, Tenoch. I’ll talk to you later.” She turned the door handle and walked inside, leaving Tenoch to stand by himself on the front porch.
***
“Get up. I don’t care, Penora. I’ve about had this moping around. We are going to walk.” Jal threw open the curtains covering Penora’s bedroom window. “If you get tired, we can come home, but I’m not having you lay in bed all day again.”
Penora stared ahead, hearing her mother’s voice, but not really taking in what was being said to her.
“Penora, are you listening to me? Do you need help getting dressed?”
That caught Penora’s attention. “No. I’ll get up.” She pushed the covers off of her body and swung her legs around to hang off of the bed. Deliberately, she pushed herself off of her bed. She rummaged through her drawers until she found a long, white skirt and pleated top.
“And shoes?” Jal asked.
Penora didn’t look at her mother, but instead reached under her dresser and pulled out the last pair of shoes she had been wearing more than two weeks ago.
Jal smiled at Penora, desperate to find her daughter hidden underneath the shell that had invaded her body. “Shall we go?”
They walked through the end of Owl Flight their house was located in. Penora had only jerked her head when Jal had suggested they go through the main part of town. The air bit at Penora’s nose and lips; she regretted not grabbing a wrap for her face when her mother had suggested it. She was, however, wearing the coat her mother had handed her before leaving the house, so she pulled the collar up higher and ducked her head.
“Chilly out isn’t it?” Jal called to Penora.
“It wouldn’t be so bad if there wasn’t any wind.”
“I don’t think we can consider this wind, my dear. It’s more of a breeze, but why don’t we head to the right so it’s hitting our backs instead of our faces.”
Penora didn’t need any more encouragement. She spun on her heel and headed towards the direction that would lead her and her mother towards the woods.
Penora watched the tall black sticks cast shadows on each other and the ground, making the forest seem thicker than it really was without the leaves to bulk up the trees. Shapes in the shadows caught her attention and she stopped in the middle of the road. Cyprian and Ms. Rohn’s faces sneered at her from the tops of the trees. They were then replaced by Tenoch’s face—his eyes wide as if he was dead—and finally a shadow warped into Vianez’s face. Penora covered her own face and dropped to her knees.
“Penora!” Jal knelt down and wrapped her arms around her daughter. “What happened? What is it?”
Penora’s body could only shake.
“Let’s get you home. Come on, you have to help me; I can’t carry you on my own.”
Penora leaned heavily on her mother’s arm as they walked home. She kept her eyes focused on the ground and refused to look at any of the trees. Jal attempted a few more times to get Penora to talk to her, but each time Penora shook her head from side to side and remained silent.
Once home, Jal helped Penora upstairs. As soon as she entered her room, Penora fell onto her bed, not bothering to remove her shoes. She rolled on her side so she was facing the wall and ignored her mother’s “I love you.”
As soon as Jal shut Penora’s bedroom door, she hurried downstairs and put her coat back on. Penora would most likely sleep for a few hours, and Mrohn wouldn’t be home for at least that long.
Jal darted out into the cold. The breeze from earlier she had insisted wasn’t so bad had turned into a strong wind by the time she reached the Atil cottage.
Tam Atil opened the door. “Hi, Mrs. Albany. Are you here to see Mother?”
“I am, Tam. May I come inside?”
“Jal! Of course. Tam, move aside.” Blana walked down the rest of the stairs. “I’ve just put Crimson down,” she said to Tam. “You and Annon need to find somewhere else to play for a bit.”
“Can we go outside?”
“It’s a bit cold out there,” Jal said.
Blana looked down at Tam. “If you wear your coats and gloves and stay near the house.”
“Yippee!” Tam threw his fist in the air and ran upstairs.
“If Annon gets too cold, you bring him inside.”
“Yes, Mother.”
Blana watched Tam for another second then turned to Jal. “Come in, Jal. Here, let me take your coat.” Blana hung Jal’s emerald coat in the closet near the front door. “Can I make you some coffee?”
“I could use a good cup of coffee.”
Blana smiled and took Jal’s arm. “Then you’ve come to the right place. I’m famous for my coffee.”
Blana took her time at the stove, lightly chatting with Jal about the weather and what each one of them thought about the school being closed until spring.
“In Pelmon, we had schools opened all year long,” Blana said, sitting the cups of coffee on the table and sitting down across the table from Jal.
Jal picked up her coffee and took a sip. “Excellent. Thank you. We too have lived in places where the schools were opened for every season, but we’ve also lived in a few of these remote towns which do tend to close their schools during the winter. I suppose with the weather and the lack of a teacher, the Elders believe it is best to close it until spring.” Jal took another sip.
Blana held her cup up in her hands, letting it warm them. “Perhaps by then they will have a worthy candidate for the schoolmaster position.”
“I don’t think it’s too much to ask parents to teach their children though. It’s never bothered Mrohn or me.”
“No. Nor Reynold or me. Over the years, Reynold has taken on more than I have, but all the children have shown they have his capability to be powerful witches. Vianez and I have dabbed a little in elf magic, but…” Blana shrugged her shoulders.
“No. I know what you mean. But they are young. They have a lifetime to learn.” Jal placed her cup on the table.
“So, Jal, why don’t you tell me why you’re really here? I know you didn’t come over for a cup of coffee and to talk about the weather and school.”
“Oh no. It was the coffee. You’re famous remember?” Jal attempted a smile. “No. It’s Penora. And Vianez too.”
Blana drank out of her own cup, trying to give herself time to think of what to say next. “I’ve been worried about the two of them as well,” she finally settled on.
“I can’t get her to talk to me,” Jal said. “Nothing I do is right. She rarely looks at either one of us when we talk to her. It’s like she’s trapped inside her own body. I know my Penora is in there somewhere; I don’t know how to get her out.”
Blana nodded her head as Jal spoke. “Vianez’s been the same way. She roams the halls and outdoors like a ghost. I believe everything that has happened over the past couple of months has finally caught up with them.”
Jal leaned back. “Maybe. But to this extent? Don’t you find their behavior to be a bit...extreme?”
“I can’t say I entirely understand it, no.”
“But?”
Blana smiled despite herself. “But a part of me feels like we should let them work through this on their own.”
“No, no. I understand that completely, but I think they have taken it too far. How is Vianez doing about not talking to Penora? Mrohn came home one day with a note from her and gave it to Penora, but she’s never told me what was in the note and never replied.”
Blana bit her lip. “I know Vianez is upset she hasn’t seen Penora. She harasses Reynold when he gets home from work for news from Mrohn.”
Jal reached out and placed a hand on Blana’s arm. “I am sorry for Vianez. I’m sorry for my daughter’s behavior.” She pulled back and reached for the cup of coffee again.
“Oh Jal, please don’t feel that way. Our girls are young. I hope you know that neither Reynold nor I blame Penora. She’s been through a lot. I don’t think we can put a time limit on when she needs to bounce back.”
Jal set her cup down. “I suppose.”
“Besides,” Blana said. “Vianez isn’t the innocent party here. She went alongside with Penora getting into all that trouble. She instigated their little investigation into Mr. Kazmin’s murder. She also played her own role in getting on the wrong side of Ms. Rohn. It has definitely been overwhelming for both of them.”
Jal nodded her head then stood up. “I should probably head home before Penora wakes up. I am still determined to get her and Vianez through this.”
“As am I.” Blana walked Jal to the living room and pulled her coat out. “Here, let me help.”
Jal stretched back her arms and allowed Blana to help her into her coat. “Thank you. And thank you for the coffee.”
“Of course. You’re always more than welcomed in our home. Your entire family is.” Blana hugged Jal.
“I know. And I’m grateful for our families’ friendship.”
“You enjoy your day tomorrow.”
Jal cocked her head. “What’s tomorrow?”
“Oh, you’ll see. Take care.”
Blana closed the door and leaned her back against it. She sighed and stared up at the ceiling in the direction where Vianez’s bedroom was. She shook her head. What was going to happen to her family?
***
Frey looked up as the front door to his shop slammed open and shut. “Watch it! Oh, Tenoch. It took you long enough to get here. Not a good day to sleep in, son.”
“Sorry. I was up late last night.”
“That’s your own fault. Every night you should be thinking about what your next day will be, and if your father has told you needed to be at the shop before six in the morning, you shouldn’t stay up so late you end up crawling into the shop at seven.”
“It’s just past six-thirty, Father.”
Frey glared at Tenoch from his workbench.
“I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.”
“No it won’t. Especially if you stop thinking about that redhead.”
Tenoch gritted his teeth but chose not to respond. Ever since he had taken the afternoon off on Saturday to be with Vianez, his father had been very vocal about his disapproval of her. Tenoch walked over to where his father sat. “Are you finishing up the polish and seal?”
“Sure am. Go ahead and brush the headboard. We don’t want any remaining dust to be on it when we put on the polish and seal.”
“How long will it take to dry?” Tenoch asked as he walked over to Mrs. Albany’s headboard.
Frey stood up and bent over the mixture he was working on and used his upper body strength to beat out the last lumps so he would be left with a smooth polish that would shine for years without the Albanys having to do anything. “We should be ready to wrap her up and take her over to the Albany’s about two in the afternoon. We could take it over earlier, but Mrohn says he wants to be there when we bring it.”
“Will Mr. Albany be home by then?”
“Says he will. All right, let’s start with the first coat. With the extra time, I want two thin coats and then a good solid thick one.”
“Yes sir.” Tenoch reached up and grabbed two brushes from the top shelf on the bookcase closest to him.
Frey reached for one of the brushes Tenoch held out to him. “Thank you.” He walked around the headboard so he was standing on the left side. “Remember, slow steady strokes. Don’t rush it. This is our main project for the day.” Frey set the bucket of polish in front of the headboard in between himself and his son.
Tenoch dipped his brush in and made sure to remove any excess polish so drips wouldn't become an issue. “While we’re waiting for this to dry, what do you want me to do?”
Frey frowned but kept his focus on his brush and the wood. “I take it you want to see the redhead?”
“Her name is Vianez.”
“Humph. Well, we’re going to be pretty busy today, so I don’t see that being a possibility.”
Tenoch bit his tongue. “A moment ago you said this was our main project, and we didn’t have much else to do.”
“This is our main project. But a man doesn’t sit on his hands while he waits for polish and seal to dry. Any spare moment in the workday should be spent working.”
Tenoch resisted the urge to sigh and shake his head. All work, all day. Why couldn’t his father understand that he was seventeen years old and not a grown man who needed to work all day long in the shop?
“What do you think about school in the spring?” Frey asked.
Shocked by the turn of events, Tenoch looked up and missed where he was putting the polish.
“Watch it!”
Tenoch set his brush down and quickly cleaned up the mess. “Sorry.” He picked his brush up again. “Why are you asking about school?”
“Just asking.”
“I guess I hope we have a new schoolmaster by then.”
“You’ll be near eighteen.”
“I won’t be eighteen until June.”
Frey leaned back to observe his handiwork. He stood up and moved his stool to be seated in the front of the headboard. “Don’t you think it’s time to give up on this school thing? Your mother and I have been talking, and I think if you work hard enough, I would like to make you a full time partner by the time you turn eighteen.”
Tenoch nearly dropped his brush again, but stared firmly at the wood in front of his face and kept working. He had grown up knowing his father wanted him to work with wood and either take over the shop or own his own one day. It was obvious to Tenoch when his father had first suggested Tenoch start going to work with him every day, that Frey was working his way to have Tenoch become a permanent part of the shop. It wasn’t fair though for his father to throw his plans at Tenoch at this moment. Not when they were already arguing about Vianez.
Tenoch moved around so he could finish the back of the headboard.
“Well?” Frey finally asked after almost ten minutes of silence.
“I don’t know, Father. I would really like to go back to school. I was hoping that I could keep going to school even when I turn eighteen. Some schoolmasters allow this, and if the new one does, then I want to take that opportunity.”
Frey set his brush down on the edge of the bucket and stood up. He put his hands on his hips and pushed his hips forward to stretch out his back. He took Tenoch’s brush from him and walked over to the large barrel of water they kept in the shop for cleaning. 
Tenoch found the lid for the bucket filled with the polish and seal combination and covered it. “So another coat in an hour? Two?”
“Two,” Frey called from the water barrel. “Let’s use the time we have.”
Tenoch walked over to the barrel and washed his hands. Frey had set down the brushes and turned towards his son. “I don’t see the point, Tenoch.”
Tenoch’s back stiffened. Carefully, he turned towards his father. “The point in what?”
“School. You can’t do magic. And what, survival skills are the best they’ve given you? I can teach you how to live off of the land.”
“There was the teacher who taught me how to control the wolf.”
Frey threw his hands in the air. “Not that again. You don’t mean control. I control myself. You suppress who you really are. I’ve never agreed with that. It’s not healthy. But your mother has stood up for you and since nothing too horrifying has come from it, I let it be.”
“Except for Ms. Rohn,” Tenoch whispered, looking at the ground.
Frey waved a hand at him. “That was self-defense. Besides, I shouldn’t say it, but I’m proud of you for letting the wolf guide you, finally.”
Proud of me for killing? Tenoch kept the thought locked up.
“My point being,” Frey said, “is that I don’t see how school has helped you any. You’re going to be a woodcarver. What have you learned in school that is going to help you in this career?”
Tenoch began to walk away from his father. “Can we not talk about this right now?”
“No. We are going to talk about this.”
Tenoch spun around to face his father. “What about constantly working during the workday?”
“Don’t start with me—”
“No. You don’t start. Why do we have to do this right now? Just let it be.”
Frey reached out and grabbed Tenoch’s arm and pinched it. “What’s gotten into you?”
Tenoch wrenched his arm out of his father’s grip. He pulled his hair. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Tenoch…”
“I don’t want to be a woodcarver!” Tenoch felt as though his voice was vibrating off of the walls.
Frey stepped back. “I see. You want to be a witch?”
“I’m half a witch and I don’t feel you or Mother gave me the chance to develop those skills.”
“You never had those skills.” Frey sneered at his son. “You always have to be different. Some days I wish I hadn’t married your mother. Then I wouldn’t have to deal with a half breed pup.”
Tenoch knew he was going to regret it the moment his fist pulled back, but he felt as though he was out of his body; he couldn’t stop. His fist swung and it hit his father’s jaw. 
Frey’s head snapped back and he stumbled. Tenoch stepped back; horrified at what he had just done. His father rose to his full height; his eyes started turning yellow.
Tenoch couldn’t decide whether to try to apologize or prepare to defend himself, so instead he bolted out of the shop, not bothering to grab a coat or close the shop door as he ran into the wind.
***
Vianez chucked another rock as far as she could and watched it soar over the trees. I need something bigger, she thought. She scanned the backyard and walked over to a rock about the size of her head. Concentrating, she let her magic pull the rock up from the ground, grimacing at the worms and bugs it unearthed, and once it was more than seven feet in the air, she allowed it to be thrown into the forest. She smiled as she watched how far it traveled; it had to be more than thirty feet; she was getting better and better at this.
“I suppose that’s one way to take out your anger.”
Vianez turned around to see Tam standing outside the backdoor with a glass of water in one hand and a sandwich in the other.
“I brought you lunch.”
“Thanks, but I rather eat it inside.”
“I think you’ll want to eat it outside today.” Tam walked over to the picnic table Reynold had asked Mr. Jadon to make when they first arrived in Owl Flight.
Vianez frowned, but followed Tam over to where he had laid down her lunch. “Aren’t you going to eat?” she asked.
“I already did.”
Vianez stared suspiciously at the sandwich.
“It’s not poisonous. I didn’t even make it. Mother did.”
Vianez slowly lowered herself onto the bench. “Okay. Thank you.” She picked up the sandwich and took a small bite. She chewed it, watching Tam for any signs of foul play, but he gave none, so Vianez forced herself to swallow the bread and meat. There was no fainting or vomiting on Vianez’s part and Tam didn’t smile, so Vianez took another bite and then another.
Tam finally sat down across from her as she finished off the sandwich.
“So what put you in such a generous mood?” Vianez asked him.
“I’m worried about you.” His eyes were soft and gray, much like their father’s got when he was serious.
His response wasn’t what Vianez had been expecting. “What?”
“I’m worried about you. All you do is walk around outside in circles. Over and over again like you’re trying to wear out the earth.”
Vianez felt the uncomfortable twist of guilt in her gut. So Tam had noticed. “I’m sorry if it is making you worry. I’m bored, that’s all.”
Tam shook his head, messing up his almost always perfect hair style. “No you’re not. You are still upset about the trial.”
Vianez hunched her back and leaned forward. “Wouldn’t you be?” she whispered.
Tam mimicked his sister’s posture. “I am.”
Vianez sat up again. “You are?”
“Of course I am. I helped. Mother and Father helped. We could all be locked up and never see Annon or Crimson again.” His eyes were blurry.
Vianez reached out her right hand and held Tam’s. “That’s never going to happen.”
“It’s never going to be right, you know?”
“What’s never going to be right?”
“Our family.” A sob escaped Tam’s lips.
Vianez studied Tam’s face. “I’m not sure I know what you mean, Tam.”
“Our family is never going to be right.” Tears started trickling down his cheeks at this point.
“What do you mean by right?”
“Like how we used to be. I can see how upset you, Mother, and Father still are. Father and you have barely spoken to each other in weeks, you never talk if you don’t have to and rarely look at any of us, and Mother just roams the house, trying to put on a happy face, but I can always tell when she’s faking it.”
Vianez looked down at the glass of water, trying to fight her own tears from peeking through. “I never meant for any of this to happen. Some days I wish I had just stayed home and never agreed to see Cyprian.”
Tam shifted so he could reach out his other hand towards his sister. “But then we wouldn’t have Annon.”
“No one else feels that way.”
“Sure they do, Vinny.”
Vianez smiled despite herself. It wasn’t often that Tam fell back into the habit of calling her by her family nickname. “It doesn’t feel like that. It feels like everyone is against me. Like I’m the one who screwed everything up. I don’t know why everyone forgets that if I hadn’t done...it...Annon would not be here.”
“Then you have to make Mother and Father go back to normal. I doubt Annon or Crimson notice, but the house is different. It’s not what it was.”
“Nothing in Owl Flight is right. It’s this town.” Vianez pulled back from Tam and crossed her arms.
“Don’t say that. I like Owl Flight.”
“Tam? Vianez? It’s freezing out here. Why don’t you two come inside?” Blana was standing at the backdoor.
Vianez glanced at Tam one more time then stood up. “Thanks for lunch, Tam. I appreciate it.” She held out her hand and pulled Tam to his feet.
Blana stood back as her two oldest walked into the kitchen. “What were the two of you up to?”
“Chatting,” Tam said.
“Oh?”
“Yes,” Vianez said to her mother, then she looked at Tam. “I’ll see you later, Tam.”
***
“You’re a little later than I expected, Frey.” Mrohn propped his front door opened and helped Frey bring the headboard inside. “I’ve put Jal in the kitchen. We’ll take this upstairs then bring her up.”
“Right.” Frey picked up the end of the headboard closest to the stairs and started walking backwards.
“I thought your boy was going to be helping?”
“He ain’t. ‘Tis why I’m late.”
“All right. Steady now.”
One step at a time, the two men carried the headboard to the second story and placed it in Mrohn and Jal’s bedroom. “I’ve already made room for it,” Mrohn said happily. 
“I’ll get it into place and you go get that wife of yours.” 
Mrohn dashed out of the room as excited as Frey had ever seen him since knowing him. A few minutes later, Mrohn walked in with Jal who had her hands over her eyes.
“Can I look yet?”
“Hang on.” Mrohn positioned Jal in front of the bed so she would be looking straight at the headboard.
Frey finished his last few touches and stepped back. “It’s ready.”
“All right,” Mrohn whispered in Jal’s ear, “open your eyes.”
Jal let out a shriek. “Mrohn! It’s beautiful.” She walked around the bed. “How did you get it to look like this?” She glanced at Frey.
Frey puffed out his chest slightly. “My special polish and seal mixture.”
Jal ran her hands over the wood. “It’s incredible. Penora needs to see this. Oh, Penora! Penora you’ve got to come see this!”
Penora looked down at her floor as if she could see through it into her parents’ bedroom. 
“Penora!”
Sighing, Penora tossed aside the book she really hadn’t been reading and walked to the top of the stairs outside her bedroom door.
“Penora. Can you hear me?”
“I’m here.” A few moments later, Penora walked into her parents’ bedroom. She was impressed even though she tried to hide it. The headboard Tenoch and his father had worked on made the bedroom look like an entirely different room. The dark cherry wood shone against the cream walls and light gray bedding. “That looks nice.”
“Nice?” Jal spread out her arms and spun in a circle. “It’s more than nice. It’s incredible. Oh thank you again Frey. You are so gifted.” She grabbed both of his hands in hers. “Tell Tenoch thank you as well, please.”
Frey gave Jal a stiff nod. “Will do.” He looked over at Mrohn. “I better be off. I still some work before I close the shop tonight. Happy late anniversary, Jal.”
Penora moved towards the doorway and watched Frey slump down the stairs and let himself out.
“Well, Penora, what do you think?” Mrohn asked.
“I said it looked nice. I’m impressed. It doesn’t look like wood from here. It’s almost like it’s fluid.”
“I know. I love that about it, Mrohn. Thank you, my darling.”
“I know it’s late, but happy anniversary again.” Mrohn wrapped his arms around Jal and Penora saw this as her moment to slip away. She was tempted to go back upstairs to her room, but the kitchen was calling.
Penora took in the scent of fresh bread when she entered the kitchen. Smiling, she ripped off a large chuck and dunked it in her watering mouth. She allowed herself to lean back against the counter. It was silly, really, that this bread should make her feel happier than she had since the trial. It wasn’t just the trial though, was it, the all too familiar voice said in the back of her mind. Penora finished eating the bread and took another piece.
No. This was more than the trial. It was waking up after been nearly killed by a werewolf to find out she was under arrest. It was having Blana Atil slip into her room and lay out the plan for lying to the Elders. It was not having a moment to breathe since Vianez’s family came to town.
Is it fair to blame Vianez? the voice asked.
Penora hung her head and looked at the remaining piece of bread in her hand. It wasn’t Vianez’s fault. She didn’t kill Mr. Kazmin. She didn’t force Penora to investigate his murder. Vianez wasn’t the one who was supportive in breaking Cyprian out of prison. Or the one who said she would stand by her friend and help teach when Ms. Rohn threw her curveball. She had supported Vianez through all of it and Vianez had supported her.
Penora looked out one of the kitchen windows. The urge to run outside tightened around her chest. All she wanted to do was apologize to Vianez.
“Penora?” Jal and Mrohn stepped into the kitchen. “Are you okay?”
Penora shook her head and started crying. She threw herself into her mother’s arms. “I’m so sorry, Mother,” she sobbed.
Jal stood there and stroked her hair, knowing she couldn’t make anything Penora was feeling go away.
***
Vianez was hunched over the kitchen table scrubbing off the last of dinner’s mess. She was thinking about her father again. He had come home looking more gloomy than usual. Vianez snorted at that thought. More gloomy than usual. Yes, because I haven’t caught him smiling since the trial.
There were more rifts along the border between their land and the giants. Giants hadn’t been seen in almost five hundred years, and they had spent that entire time trying to weaken the border to enter the realm that had been taken away from their evil.
Rifts like this had popped up before. The witches and other magical creatures who worked on them were always able to patch up the rifts before they became serious. Vianez figured these rifts felt more of a threat since they were being talked about more often in her home.
“But the giants can’t get in can they, Father?” Tam had asked at dinner.
Reynold had rubbed his hands across his eyes. “No, Tam, they can’t get in. It’s a lot of work keeping them out right now though. We could use more help. I’ve told Iaro he needs to see if the Elders can commission any other people to get out here and help us.”
Annon, who never wanted to be left out of a conversation had raised his hand. “Have you ever seen a giant, Father?”
“No. I haven’t. And I hope I never do. They’re fearsome and bloodthirsty creatures.”
“What do they—?”
“That’s quite enough giant talk for now.” Blana had given her husband a stern look that told him to drop the subject.
Vianez smiled at the memory. She wished she could mimic that look.
Vianez looked up from the table. She thought she had seen a shadow dart across the backyard. She glanced behind her. No one else was in the kitchen or dining room. Still holding the rag in her hand, Vianez approached the back door. She leaned against the large glass panels and looked out. She jumped back. There was someone outside.
She opened her mouth to yell for her father when the shape stepped out into the light, and she recognized Tenoch’s frame. She watched Tenoch look from side to side then walk up to the door. He made a signal with his hands to indicate he wanted Vianez to let him come in.
She shook her head and mouthed the word “Father” and pointed towards the living room. She held up a finger to Tenoch. He nodded his head and backed away towards one of the large trees in the backyard.
Vianez dropped the rag in the small basket her mother kept in the kitchen for dirty towels and cloths and walked into the living room. Tam and Annon were playing a game near the fireplace. Her parents were leaning in close to each other and talking; Blana held Crimson, who had fallen asleep, in her arms.
“The dining area and kitchen are clean. I’m going to go to bed.”
Blana and Reynold turned to look at her. “Thank you, Vianez.” Blana said. “You sure you want to go to bed this early? You can play with the boys…”
“It’s all right. I’d rather sleep.” She gave her Mother half a smile and looked at her father.
“Goodnight,” was all Reynold had to offer her.
Vianez nodded her head at him. She took the stairs one at a time, wondering if her father was ever going to look at her the way he used to.
Once upstairs, Vianez grabbed a coat from her closet and opened her window, pausing occasionally to listen if anyone was coming up the stairs. Once the window was completely open, she leaned her head out. Tenoch could be seen near the same tree looking up at her direction. He gave her a small wave. Careful as to not slip, Vianez put her left leg out of the window and braced it on the brick flowerbed two feet below. Her right foot followed. Hands holding onto the windowsill, Vianez lowered her body until she was hanging from the sill. She was lucky her bedroom was above the dining room so no one would see her, but she had one problem: on the ground below her were more brick flowerbeds.
Tenoch came out from his hiding place and stood under where Vianez hung. He put one foot up on the brick. “Just drop. I’ll catch you,” he whispered as loud as he dared.
Vianez glanced down at him. “You better catch me,” she whispered back, right before she let go and dropped.
Tenoch did catch her...sort of. Vianez landed in Tenoch’s arms, but he fell backwards, and Vianez’s left ankle hit the edge of the flowerbed. She bit her tongue to stop herself from screaming and felt her mouth fill with blood.
“I’m sorry!” Tenoch said as he tried to pull Vianez to her feet.
Her eyes stung with tears when she put weight on her left foot.
“Are you hurt?”
“My ankle.”
“Here, let’s get out away from the windows.” Tenoch put an arm around Vianez, who leaned against him, and helped her behind the tree he had previously been hiding. “Sit down,” he said to Vianez.
She lowered her body and shivered as her hands pressed into the cold ground. “It’s freezing out here.”
“I won’t take up much of your time. I don’t want you to get in trouble. Why didn’t you use magic to lower yourself?”
The question was such an obvious one that Vianez felt herself turn red. “Didn’t think of it,” she mumbled. She truly hadn’t. Between her disappointment in her father’s behavior and curiosity in Tenoch being in her backyard, Vianez hadn’t considered to use magic.
“How do you not think about it?” Tenoch laughed and pulled off Vianez’s boot.
“Surprisingly, even though I’m a witch, I don’t use magic for everything, and I can’t do everything with magic even if I tried.”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it. I don’t think your ankle is broken.”
“Okay. I’d like to put my boot back on. It’s cold out here.” Vianez slipped her boot back on, but opted not to lace it up incase her ankle started to swell. “What are you doing here?”
Tenoch blew out a breath. “I left home.”
“What?”
“After I punched my father in the face, I decided it was time to move out.”
Vianez held up her hands. “Wait. What? You hit your father?”
Tenoch ran his hands through his hair. “I lost my temper. We both did. I told you I have more plans for my life than what he wants, and I’ve been waiting until I’m eighteen, but he just kept pushing this morning; I lost it.”
“I’m sorry. What are you going to do now?”
“I went home and packed everything I could carry in one bag, and I’ve been out here ever since.”
“You’ve been out here all day?”
“Not exactly here in your backyard, but out in the woods. I’ve been working on a shelter not too far from here.”
Vianez reached out for Tenoch’s hand. “Winter is coming. It’ll be snowing soon. You can’t live outside.”
“It’s just for a couple of days while I think of something. I have some money saved up and was thinking of seeing if Necalli would be interested in renting me a space. Trouble is, he’s a close friend of Father’s, so I’m not sure if he’d be willing to do that for me.”
“Necalli has always struck me as being fair minded.”
Vianez could make out Tenoch nodding his head in the dark. “I hope so,” he said. “Otherwise, I suppose I could always work at one of the saloons until I’ve saved enough.”
“Oh, I hope you don’t have to do that,” Vianez said, thinking about the last time she was in a saloon.
Tenoch squeezed her hand. “Let’s not think about that right now. I wanted to come tell you what had happened in case word gets around town. I didn’t want you to be worried about me.”
Vianez was grateful it was dark enough Tenoch couldn’t tell she was blushing. He had been thinking about her. He was concerned about her. “Thanks, Tenoch.”
“Can I help you get back upstairs? You’re shivering.”
“You can help me get under my window. I’ll do the rest.”
Tenoch pulled Vianez to her feet. She had a sudden urge he was going to kiss her, but she stepped back on her left foot and let out a gasp.
“Are you okay?” Tenoch asked.
“Yes. I need to get back to my room.”
“Okay.” Tenoch sounded disappointed, but Vianez chose to ignore this and allowed him to help her hobble to her house.
Using the magic she had used to lift and throw the boulders earlier that day, Vianez allowed herself to be lifted up to her window. As soon as she could reach the sill, she grabbed on and pulled herself through. She leaned against the frame of her window and looked down at Tenoch one last time before closing the glass and locking it.
***
“Vianez, Penora is here. Are you still in bed?”
Vianez rolled over onto her back. Forcing her eyes to open she found her mother standing above her. “What?”
“Penora is here, darling. It’s almost ten in the morning. What are you doing in bed?”
But all Vianez heard was Penora’s name. “Penora.” Forgetting about the ankle she had injured and wrapped the previous night, Vianez leaped out of bed. Pain shot up to her hip and she yelled.
“What is it?” Blana grabbed Vianez before she fell to the ground. “What’s happened to your ankle?”
Vianez didn’t say anything but fought another scream down.
“Vianez. What. Happened. To. Your. Ankle?” Blana’s face was turning as red as the hair on her head.
“I hurt it last night when...I kicked the wall,” Vianez invented.
“Why would you kick the wall?”
“I was upset about Father.” That at least was the truth.
Blana studied Vianez’s face, but nodded her head. “That was pretty foolish, wasn’t it?”
“Yes. Penora is really here?”
Blana smiled. “Yes she is, but you need to get dressed and we should probably look at that ankle.”
“After. I’ll get dressed right now.” Penora was here. That was all that mattered. Penora wasn’t ignoring her anymore.
“I’ll wait outside the door to help you downstairs.”
Vianez could hardly contain her excitement has she tried to put on her pants without causing her ankle anymore distress. She fell multiple times which resulted in Blana calling out to her through the door, but each time Vianez insisted she was all right. The ankle was nothing if Penora was willing to talk to her.
“Okay, I’m ready.”
Blana practically had to carry Vianez downstairs to stop her daughter from hopping down each step on her one good foot.
Penora was standing in the middle of the living room with her mother. “Hi,” she said in a small voice when she saw Vianez.
“Hi, Penora,” Vianez said.
“Are you okay?”
“Oh, I’m fine.”
Penora looked at her mother then back to Vianez. “I was going to suggest a walk, but…”
“We could sit outside.”
“Okay.”
Once the two were seated at the picnic table and sure both mothers had retreated into the house far enough to not eavesdrop, Penora started to cry.
“Penora. What are you crying about?”
“Oh, Vianez. I’m so sorry for being a bad friend”
“I don’t think you’re a bad friend.”
Penora wiped her eyes. “No? I pretended you didn’t exist for over two weeks.”
Vianez thought about what Tenoch had said when he took her to the river on Saturday. “You were just coping as best as you could about everything that had happened.”
“Well, my coping skills need work.” They both laughed. “But really, Vianez, I am so sorry. Can you forgive me?”
“You know I can. You’re my best friend, Penora. I’m sorry so much mischief has happened to you since we’ve become friends.”
Penora waved her off. “Don’t say it like that. I don’t blame our friendship for what’s happened.”
“So friends?” Vianez held out her hand.
Penora shook it. “Friends.”
“I have so much to fill you in on.”
“Same here.”
They hugged each other from across the table; neither one sure where to start.
***
“If you want me to rent you a place, I expect you to work.”
“I will, Necalli.”
“And what’s the difference between working for me and working for your father?”
“You don’t expect me to take over and run your shop for you for the rest of my life,” Tenoch said. He hitched up his bag higher on his shoulder and trudged up the stairs to the loft above Necalli’s shop.
***
“Are you ever going to talk to your daughter again?”
Reynold looked up from his desk. “I do talk to her.”
Blana folded her arms.
Reynold dropped his gaze. “I’m not ready yet, Blana.”
“Be careful, Reynold. Or you’re going to lose her.”
Episode Six: The Full Moon, Part One
Cold air filled Necalli’s shop each time the door opened, regardless of how quickly the customers tried to close it. “I’ll be with you in a minute,” Tenoch called out. 
It would be one week today he had been working at Necalli’s, and already, Necalli was finding it easier and easier to leave the shop to Tenoch and enjoy “some well-deserved play time,” as he put it. “If I had known hiring someone would give me this much free time, I would have done it years ago,” Necalli had said that morning as he headed off, reminding Tenoch to check the logs on the perishable goods before he closed up for the night. “I’ll be back tomorrow morning. I haven’t been camping in years.”
“Feel free to look around, it will be just another minute,” Tenoch said again as he tried to stack the last of the barrels of flour that had been delivered earlier.
Vianez put a finger up to her mouth to indicate to Penora not to let Tenoch know it was them in the shop.
Penora smiled, nodded her head, and began to look around. It felt good to be back to being friends with Vianez. Both were ready for a laugh at any given moment, and Penora looked forward to seeing the look on Tenoch’s face when he saw it was Vianez. He’s probably covered in sweat and dirt, Penora thought. He’ll be so embarrassed. Penora had decided some time ago to support any romantic interests Vianez and Tenoch had for each other. So far, having Tenoch as a friend was nice, and Penora never felt as if there were any awkward moments where she wasn’t wanted when the three of them were hanging out together.
Penora turned her head to watch Tenoch walk into the room. “Sorry about the wait,” he said, brushing what looked like flour off of his shirt and pants. “I was in the back finishing up… Oh.”
Penora smiled.
“Hi, Tenoch,” Vianez said. She put down the glass doll that always caught her eye when she was in Necalli’s shop.
“Hi, Vianez. Hi, Penora.” He rubbed more vigorously at the flour still stuck on his shirt.
“Hello, Tenoch. Looks like flour,” Penora said, trying to stop herself from poking fun at him.
Tenoch frowned. “It is. We got a dozen large barrels full of it delivered today. It’s one of the last deliveries of the season. There should be another in about two weeks, but that flour will have to last us until spring. Nice to see you in better spirits, Penora.”
One side of Penora’s smile fell. “I am feeling much better, thank you.”
“How are you doing?” Vianez asked Tenoch.
He turned his gaze to focus on her. “Really well. I’m getting a hang of everything, and Necalli is on a camping trip. Can you believe that? A week of me here and he’s ready to take off and leave me to it.”
Vianez smiled. “How’s the loft working out?”
“It gets rather cold at night. I’m trying to seal up all the cracks the wind keeps creeping in through. It wasn’t as bad last night, so I almost have the hang of it.”
“You don’t have a fireplace?” Penora asked.
“Not upstairs. In here we do, so in the morning, I run downstairs and get dressed by the fire and cook up something before the shop opens.”
“We have some extra blankets at home,” Vianez said. “I’ll ask Mother if I can bring you them.”
“I’ll do the same,” Penora said. “You won’t be much help to Necalli if you freeze to death in the middle of the night.”
“Thanks,” Tenoch said, the tops of his cheeks turning pink.
“You seem to be doing okay here,” Vianez said to Tenoch. “Any word from your father?”
Tenoch’s jaw stiffened. “No. I haven’t seen or heard from him or Mother.”
“Oh, I’m sorry about that.”
Tenoch waved his hand dismissively. “It’s okay. Don’t worry about.”
“It was good to see you, Tenoch,” Penora said. She picked up a few sticks of licorice and placed them on the counter then pulled out her purse. “Two coins?”
“Yes, please.” Tenoch took Penora’s money and placed it in the cash jar kept under the counter. “What are the two of you going to be up to for the rest of the day?”
Vianez brushed a lock of hair out of her eyes. “We’re heading back to my place. It’s been a while since we had a proper sleepover.”
Tenoch smiled at her. He knew how much it meant to Vianez that she and Penora were friends again.
“Maybe I’ll see you guys this weekend when Necalli gets back.”
“I hope so,” Vianez said.
“Me too. We better be off though; see you later Tenoch,” Penora said, pulling Vianez out of Necalli’s store.
“Tenoch looks nice, doesn’t he?” Penora said, watching Vianez out of the corner of her eye.
“He does, right?”
“Right.”
“Oh, don’t look at me like that, Penora.”
“Like what?”
“There’s nothing wrong with it.”
“I never said there was anything wrong. Oh, never mind. I’m just teasing you, but you don’t seem to be in a teasing mood. Your head is still in Necalli’s shop.”
Vianez pushed Penora. “All right. I’ll stop talking about Tenoch.”
“Okay. Let’s hurry up.” Penora started running. “Your mother said if we helped her bake pies today, we could get one to ourselves tonight.”
***
Tenoch sighed as the clock struck six o’clock. He grabbed the broom from behind the counter and walked over to the far side of the room to start sweeping. Necalli preferred the side work to take place the last thirty minutes before the shop closed. Since it was winter, the shop closed at six-thirty. Tenoch was surprised to hear the bell over the door ding after he stepped into the backroom to sweep in there. “I’ll be right with you,” he called over his shoulder. The customer probably dragged in mud with him; now Tenoch would have to sweep again.
Tenoch turned around when he heard someone behind him. “Sir, I’ll be right there. You aren’t allowed to be in the back—what?”
A large masked figure stepped out from the shadows and swung a piece of wood at him. The wood hit Tenoch across the face and he fell to the floor. Blood pooled out of his nose.
Tenoch kicked out his right leg and caught the man in his knee. The man grunted and stumbled backwards, giving Tenoch enough time to upright himself. Tenoch wiped his face with the back of his hand to stop the blood falling from his nose from entering his mouth. “Who are you?”
The man said nothing but raised the wood again and swung. Tenoch ducked and tackled him. He caught him around the middle and pulled the man to the ground. Without warning, the man started to change and large claws scratched Tenoch’s eyes. Tenoch howled and dropped to the ground, holding his face in his hands. He never saw the man stand over him, but felt a heavy blow to the back of his neck before he crashed to the floor and passed out.
***
“So we have enough pies for everyone to have their own?” Reynold asked, his eyes big at the dozen pies littering the kitchen table.
Blana raised one of her eyebrows and put a hand on her hip. “I don’t think so. One pie is Vianez and Penora’s. One is for the rest of us.”
“And the others?”
“They’re for some of the families in town. I know there are many who aren’t going to have much to eat this winter, let alone have the supplies to make a pie.”
Reynold walked over to her and wrapped his arms around her. “Well, when you put it that way, I suppose it sounds selfish of me to want to keep them all.”
“Yes, I suppose it does.” She reached up and kissed him.
“Ugh, not in the kitchen.”
“No, no kitchen.”
Annon and Crimson had just walked in the room, undoubtedly brought in by the smell of hot pies.
“Oh no?” Reynold scooped up both boys in his arms who started to giggle madly and carried them into the living room. He plopped them on the couch and began to tickle them. Crimson squealed, but every time Reynold stopped, he yelled, “Me too! Me too!”
Vianez, Penora, and Tam hurried downstairs at the sound of the boys being attacked. When Tam saw what was going on, he shouted and ran up to Reynold and threw his arms around his neck, trying to pull him down, but Reynold wrapped his arms around his own back, grabbed Tam, and held him upside down for a split second before dropping him on top of the other two boys.
Vianez smiled, watching her father and brothers play. It was the first time he had acted like this since Vianez had been arrested. A sharp pain hit her chest when she thought he was never going to act like this with her ever again.
Crimson began to yell out, “Save me, Vinny!” 
Vianez wanted to go to him. She wanted to play with her brothers and father, but the empty looks and cold exterior her father had presented to her for almost a month stopped her.
Penora nudged Vianez in the ribs, but she shook her head and ducked towards the kitchen.
Reynold glimpsed his daughter as she headed for the kitchen and his momentary lapse earned him and elbow in the nose from Crimson. “All right,” he said. “That’s enough. We better help your mother with supper.”
“Sure?” Crimson asked, holding Reynold’s face in his hands.
Reynold couldn’t help but laugh. “I’m sure. Up you get.” Reynold followed his children into the kitchen. “What can we help you with, Mother?”
“Vianez, Penora, and Tam can put the pies in these boxes over here, and Annon and Crimson can set the table. Supper is already finished.”
Throughout supper, Vianez glanced at her father from time to time, both happy and sad that he was in such a good mood. She was glad to see him happy, but it hurt to know that it wasn’t for her. It was never going to be for her. She had done too much damage; how was she ever going to fix it?
“So are the rifts getting under control yet?” Blana asked.
“Well, we’re keeping them at bay. Iaro has spoken to the Elders and we should be getting some more help in the next week or so. I personally am hoping the giants don’t realize how much damage they’ve caused on our side; if they did, they would be putting all their efforts into making one of those rifts an entry point, but for now, it is simply the number of rifts that is overwhelming.”
“The sooner you get this sorted out, the better. I don’t like you all having to be out there in this weather.”
“No. Nor do I like the idea of the giants getting through in the middle of winter when our town is isolated and low on supplies.”
A clang on the table brought everyone’s attention to Annon. “The giants are going to get in?”
“No, no, no. Annon, that’s not what I mean. We are doing just fine protecting the borders. There isn’t a chance they can get through.”
“It’s my fault,” Blana said, mostly to Reynold. “This isn’t a topic for the supper table.”
Vianez watched her parents closely; she could tell there was something else going on. She wanted to push the subject further, but thought about Annon and Crimson. It wasn’t fair to scare them simply because she wanted answers. A knock from the door pulled Vianez from her thoughts.
“Who could that be?” Blana said, starting to rise.
Reynold put a hand on her arm to stop her. “I’ll get it.”
Vianez and her mother exchanged glances. As of late, nothing good happened when someone came knocking on the door after supper time. A few moments later, Reynold walked in with Elder Ibis. Vianez heard Penora take in a sharp breath, and she herself tightened her fist around the side of the chair she was sitting in.
“Tenoch has been attacked,” Reynold said.
The statement was so far from what Vianez had been expecting that she didn’t process what her father had said.
“Vianez? Did you hear me?”
She could hear him, but it was as if he was trying to shout to her from across a raging river. The sound of rushing water was pounding against her ears. Penora finally nudged Vianez in the side. Vianez shook her head and looked at her father. “What?”
“Tenoch has been attacked.”
“What? How? Why?”
Reynold looked at Elder Ibis who said, “We don’t know yet. Tenoch has asked us to alert your family though rather than his own. As he is no longer living under his parents’ roof, he has a right to do this. He is asking for you, and Miss Albany.”
“Go grab your coats,” Reynold said to Vianez and Penora. Vianez staggered to the front room and reached for the large turquoise coat her father had brought home for her more than two years ago. She didn’t remember buttoning up the coat, but once she, Penora, Reynold, and Elder Ibis were walking towards town, Vianez looked down and saw her coat had indeed been buttoned.
“Are you okay?” Penora asked. Vianez looked like she was stuck in another world. It didn’t seem real that only a few hours ago they had seen Tenoch in the shop. “Vianez?”
Vianez did her best to nod her head from underneath her hood. “I think so.” She pushed her words through the thick fabric.
“Keep up girls!” Reynold watched Vianez. He may not care for Tenoch, but he knew how important he was to his daughter.
***
Vianez stifled a gasp when they walked into the room where Tenoch was. He was sitting up in bed. The bruises on his face were still evident and whoever had patched him up hadn’t wiped off all the dried blood that was now caked around his nose and hairline.
Tenoch seemed happy when he saw who his company was and offered the group an attempt at a smile.
“His jawbone is fractured. We’ve closed his jaw shut for now, so we’ve been having to communicate with him through writing,” Elder Ibis explained. “Elder Etl was willing to let him stay at his home, but I thought Tenoch would be best here in mine.
Reynold nodded. He didn’t care for Elder Etl, but he knew enough not to say anything against him in front of another Elder. “What happened?” He inclined his head towards Tenoch.
“Tenoch says around six tonight, he was preparing to close the shop, and while in the back room, someone came in and attacked him. We found the wood beam that was used to beat Tenoch in the shop.
Vianez put a hand over her mouth.
“And then whoever this person was, they ransacked Necalli’s shop and broke or shattered at least half of the objects on display. But that’s not the worse part.”
“What could be worse?” Penora asked, surprising everyone in the room. “Um. I mean…”
Elder Ibis held up his hand. “It’s all right, Penora.” He looked back at Reynold. “They’ve stolen the Volk.”
Reynold took a step back. “They haven’t. Why? How?”
Elder Ibis shook his head slowly. “I don’t know. I was under the impression no one but the Elders and Necalli knew where it was.”
“It was in Necalli’s shop?” Reynold stared at Elder Ibis as though he had never seen him before. To keep a sacred artifact in a shop like Necalli’s?
“It was locked away in a safe behind a false back wall inside a closet. I don’t know how anyone knew about it being there.”
“Unless they figured it out. I knew the Volk was in our town for protection. Even if I didn’t know where it was exactly, I suppose if I wanted to, I could have figured out. Artifacts like these leave magical traces.”
Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch were frozen in their places. They looked back and forth at each other and Reynold and Elder Ibis as they tried to make out what it was the two adults were talking about.
Elder Ibis began to pace the room. Both men at this point seemed to have forgotten there were three teenagers in the room with them. “So do you believe it had to have been a witch who did this?”
Reynold frowned. “No. Anyone can pick up on magical traces. Even nonmagical humans can find them if they know what they are looking for. I would think if it was a witch, they would have used magic on Tenoch rather than attacking him so brutally.”
“Then it was a wolf.”
“We don’t know that.”
“No. Not for certain, but when we found him, Tenoch’s eyes were scratched rather badly as if by claws.”
Reynold glanced over at Tenoch. “Any bite marks?”
“None,” Elder Ibis said.
“I still don’t understand why it would be in Necalli’s.”
Elder Ibis opened his mouth to answer when he realized Vianez, Penora, and Tenoch were in the room staring at him. “We’ll speak about it later. Tenoch says he wasn’t aware of the Volk.” Elder Ibis looked at the two girls. “Do either of you know what the Volk is?”
Vianez and Penora’s eyes were wide and they shook their heads. Vianez had never heard the word Volk. She certainly didn’t know what it was. But her heart was racing. It was something bad. It was something to make her father afraid. 
“What is a Volk?” Vianez asked, looking between her father and Elder Ibis.
“We’ll talk about it later,” Reynold said to her. He turned back towards Elder Ibis. “Is there anything I can do right now?”
“Other than keeping your ear out, no. Tenoch says Necalli will be back tomorrow, so Tenoch can be back in his loft. There isn’t much we can do at the shop right now; I suppose Necalli will continue to keep it open for business…”
As Elder Ibis and Reynold spoke with one another, Tenoch gestured for Vianez and Penora to come over. He took the quill and parchment he had placed in his lap and started writing. Once finished, he handed Vianez the note. It said, “I think it was a male werewolf. He didn’t have claws when he first attacked, but then he suddenly did.”
“You’re sure?” Penora asked once she had read the note.
Tenoch nodded his head.
Vianez looked at Penora. “How many male werewolves are there in Owl Flight? How are we ever going to figure out which one did it?”
“I don’t know. You don’t know what this Volk is that Elder Ibis keeps talking about?”
Tenoch shook his head.
“Are you okay at least?” Vianez asked, and Tenoch nodded his head again. “Good. We’ll see if we can come to visit you, not tomorrow, but the day after. Your jaw should be healed by then.”
Tenoch wrote another note. “Unless Necalli breaks it for letting someone break into the shop.”
“He may be upset, but it’s not your fault, Tenoch. The shop was still opened. Anyone could have walked in.” Penora patted Tenoch on the shoulder. “It will work out.”
“Vianez. Penora. We’re going.”
Vianez squeezed Tenoch’s hand. “Feel better.” She gave him one last smile then followed Penora and her father out of Elder Ibis’s home.
“Father, what is the Volk?”
“Not here Vianez.”
“But—”
“No. How about this: tomorrow morning, I will tell you two what the Volk is. But I want to talk to your mother first. Now please don’t use that word out in public again. You’ll understand why.”
***
Vianez struggled to sleep that night. She heard Penora tossing her body around as well and knew she wasn’t asleep either. When morning came, Penora had finally fallen asleep, but Vianez’s eyes were still wide open. Quiet as to not wake Penora, Vianez slipped out of bed and dressed. She hurried down stairs, even though she knew her father would wait for Penora before speaking to them.
Vianez was surprised to find her mother sitting at the kitchen table drinking her coffee. “It’s early for you, isn’t it?” Vianez asked, filling a glass with water and sitting down next to Blana.
“Early for you as well.”
“I couldn’t sleep.”
Blana lowered her cup. “No. I suppose not. I was very sorry to hear about Tenoch. I know he is a special friend to you.”
“He looked pretty bad last night. But I’m more concerned about this object Father and Elder Ibis were talking about.”
“I know you are. I am too, my dear.”
“Is it that bad? Is it why you’re up?”
Blana looked at her daughter; she was sixteen. At what point did she deserve to be told everything that was going on, and at one point was Blana supposed to still hang onto Vianez being her child? “It is bad, Vianez. It’s really bad. Your Father says he is going to talk to you about it, and since he said he would also tell Penora, it would be polite if the two of you wait until she wakes up as well.”
Vianez took a large gulp out of her glass. “I know. I’ll wait.”
Blana reached out to hold Vianez’s hand, but Reynold walked into the kitchen at that moment. “What are the two of you doing up?”
“You have to ask?” Blana stood up and grabbed Reynold a cup of coffee.
“Thank you.” He sat down at the table. 
Vianez’s toes started to curl. It was the first time she had been alone with her parents in weeks. 
“Penora is still sleeping?” Reynold asked.
Vianez tried to meet his gaze. “Yes.”
“Why don’t you go see if you can wake her? I want to be at the shop when Necalli gets back.”
Vianez took the stairs two at a time. When she entered her bedroom, she was surprised to see Penora was already awake and dressing. “I thought you were sleeping.”
“I didn’t sleep much last night. And Crimson is awake. I can hear him banging.”
“I’ll go get him. Father wants us both downstairs to talk to us.”
***
“Why don’t you both go ahead and sit down.”
Vianez and Penora took a seat in front of Reynold’s desk.
Reynold continued to stand. He put his hands on his desk, then ran them through his hair, and finally stuffed them in the pockets of his pants. “I’m not sure where to start. I know last night was disturbing for you. First of course because your friend Tenoch was attacked. Obviously, there is reason for concern here, but since he if not seriously injured, I’ll admit the Elders’ focus is not on him.”
Reynold took his hands out of his pockets and sat down. Vianez and Penora glanced at each other, waiting for the blow that was sure to follow.
“What is troublesome however, is that the person who did break into Necalli’s shop and hurt Tenoch stole something of incredible value. I do not speak lightly when I say the loss of the Volk is life threatening to the entire town.”
Penora’s jaw dropped open.
“The Volk is a small black prism, no bigger than my hand. It is an ancient artifact that was used more often in the past, but as the werewolf species has been dying out over the past several hundred years, the Volk was relocated here with the majority of the remaining werewolf population.”
“But there are other werewolves besides in Owl Flight,” Vianez blurted out.
Reynold lowered his head once. “There are, but not many. The two of you wouldn’t be aware of this, but Elders from all over our realm keep track of these rogue clans.”
“What does this have to do with the Volk?” Penora asked.
“The Volk helps werewolves retain control over their bodies when they change. It allows them to choose not to change, or if they do change, they can stay themselves; they may look a wolf, but on the inside they are the same. Does that make sense?”
Vianez nodded her head slowly, trying to take in everything her father was saying. “So when Tenoch says he hadn’t changed into his wolf form for years, it was because of the Volk?”
Reynold rubbed a hand across his brow. “Yes and no. Without knowing it, the Volk allowed Tenoch the ability to control the wolf. Tenoch is the one controlling it, but it is because of the Volk.”
Penora sat forward in her chair. “So without the Volk, does this mean when the full moon comes, the werewolves in this town aren’t going to be able to control themselves?”
“Most of them, no. There may be a few older ones, like Necalli, who learned to control themselves without the aid of a Volk, and so without it in place, will probably still be able to retain control. But those who have lived here most of their lives will find it difficult and perhaps even impossible to stay in control once the wolf takes over.”
“What is going to happen?” Vianez asked at the same time Penora said, “And the Volk was in Necalli’s shop?”
“Hold on. One at a time. Penora, yes, the Volk was in Necalli’s shop. Why, I don’t know. I’m hoping to find that out myself later today.” Reynold looked at Vianez. She was her mother sixteen years ago. “Vianez, I don’t know what is going to happen. The full moon is in three days. The Elders will undoubtedly be coming up with a plan.”
“I don’t understand why anyone would want to steal the Volk though,” Vianez said.
“Someone must want the werewolves to go rampage this full moon,” Penora said. She was glad she hadn’t eaten breakfast yet. Her stomach was twisting in as many knots as it could manage without turning her inside out. 
Reynold stood up. “That would be my assumption. I can’t see any other reason for someone wanting to steal the Volk. Now, I must tell you one more thing, but I do not want you to do anything stupid about it.” Reynold focused his attention on Vianez who shrunk back into her chair. “Elder Ibis told me last night that Elder Etl is pushing the idea that Tenoch staged the break in and he is the one responsible for taking the Volk.”
Vianez and Penora both had stood up from their chairs.
“What!”
“No way! He wouldn’t!”
“Father, there isn’t any way Tenoch did this. Why would Elder Etl think that?”
Reynold’s eyes had the slightest glimpse of tears in them. He held out his hands towards Vianez. “Oh, my dear, he’s bitter about the trial. He wanted all of you locked away for good. I’m sure he’s on the lookout for any mistake that can get any of you in trouble. This is why you must not give him any reason to suspect either one of you of anything. I know you’ll tell Tenoch what I’ve just told you, and I don’t feel he should be kept in the dark, but you must be careful. Vianez. You. Must. Be. Careful.”
Vianez looked at her father’s hands. “We will.”
“Vianez, I mean it. I don’t know what we are going to do if the Volk isn’t found in time.”
Penora took a step forward. “Do you think if the Volk is in town, it will be enough?”
“I don’t know Penora, but as I said, I will learn more once I meet with Necalli and the Elders. I need go. Please do not go see Tenoch today. Let him rest. You can see him tomorrow morning. And if the two of you are out of the house today, do not talk to anyone and do not speak of the Volk.”
“We won’t, Father.”
Reynold leaned forward and kissed Vianez on the top of her head. “We’ll make this work out.”
***
“I don’t believe it. Never. Never in all my years of living here and running this shop, has anyone broken into my place.” Necalli was sweeping over his shop, looking at every crack, every broken item, and every smudge left by the struggle between the masked man and Tenoch. “And Tenoch?”
“He’s at Elder Ibis’s home. He should be back here by tonight.” Reynold remained by the front door of the shop while he watched Necalli look at the previous night’s damage.
“That’s just as well. Hopefully, I’ll calm down by the time he gets here.”
“You can’t blame the boy, Necalli. The shop was still open. It’s not like you’ve never been in the back when a customer has walked into the shop.”
Necalli waved him off. “All right. All right. You’re here. Where are the Elders?”
“I expected them to be here. Tenoch said you would be arriving this morning.”
Necalli picked up a broken wooden box that was full of small dolls. “The one night I was out. Why?”
Reynold stepped over a broken chair and approached Necalli. “I believe you just answered your own question. You were out of town. The thief had to have known you weren’t here. There isn’t any way this was a coincidence.”
“And so it was someone in town? It couldn’t have been a stranger.”
“No, it most certainly was someone in town,” Reynold said. “Can I help you clean up?”
“Not just yet, Reynold.” Elder Etl stepped into Necalli’s shop along with Elders Ibis and Xochtil. “We need to still conduct our investigation before you put the shop back together, Necalli.”
“Go ahead. I haven’t done anything to clean this place up yet.” He stepped back towards Reynold. 
Elder Etl approached the closet the Volk was kept in. “This is it?”
“It was.” Necalli said.
“Still is,” Elder Etl said. “The center of Owl Flight.”
Reynold snapped his head up to look at Necalli who only nodded his head.
“I remember when we decided to build your shop around it, Necalli,” Elder Ibis said.
“Yes. As do I. We agreed that no one would suspect a humble merchants shop for the home of the Volk.”
“And we thought we were correct in that assumption.” Elder Xochtil said.
“We were,” Elder Ibis said. “Until last night.”
The Elders continued to walk around Necalli’s shop casting spells and muttering under their breaths. 
“Where is Elder Eleni, if I may ask,” Reynold said after fifteen minutes of watching the Elders poke and prod the shop.
“She is inspecting our jail and seeing if we can transform the council hall into more cells,” Elder Xochtil said.
Reynold frowned, but Necalli jumped up from where he had been sitting. “Excuse me? Cells for what exactly?”
Elder Etl backed out of the closet that had held the Volk. “For the werewolves of course.”
Reynold took a step back as he watched the tick grow larger in Necalli’s jaw.
“Werewolves? All of us?” Necalli asked.
“Well, not every werewolf will have to be locked up. You won’t. But what are we going to do if we don’t find the Volk in the next three days? Most of the werewolves in this town only remain in their human form, or as tamed animals, when they transform because of the Volk. Remove that, and what is going to stop them from slaughtering this town?”
“I don’t think…”
“No. It’s not your place to think about this.” Elder Etl said.
“Elder Etl,” Elder Ibis stepped between him and Necalli. He turned towards Necalli. “What are we supposed to do about the nonweres in our town? Tell them to lock their doors? You know well enough that won’t stop a wolf from getting in.”
“The werewolves are never going to stand for that. They’ll never consent to being locked up. When they find out what you are planning to do to them, you won’t have to wait until the full moon for chaos.”
“And who is going to tell the werewolf community?” Elder Etl marched up to Necalli.
“Owl Flight is the werewolf community. Remember? That’s why we’re all here. That’s why this forsaken place is called Owl Flight. We brought evil to the edge of this realm and the owls left; they all left.”
“You watch your tone of voice Necalli. You may be one of our oldest members, but that doesn’t mean you can speak to Elders like that.”
Necalli’s ears were steadily turning an ugly shade of red.
Reynold bumped Necalli’s shoulder and shook his head when Necalli glanced over at him. “Drop it,” Reynold mumbled. He was dumbfounded the Elders were talking about locking away all the werewolves in Owl Flight. Although, what were they going to do without the Volk? Lock up the nonweres and hope for the best? But to lock away a group of people like that? Reynold didn’t care for the idea. It could go too horribly wrong too quick.
Elder Etl looked back and forth between Necalli and Reynold. “Well?”
“Whatever the Elders think is best should be done,” Necalli said, meeting the Elder’s eyes.
Elder Etl stared at the two men for a moment longer, then spun around and continued his inspection.
Reynold let out a low breath and pulled Necalli’s sleeve, hinting at him to step outside.
***
The Atil family was sitting around the dinner table waiting for Reynold when he returned home that afternoon. Vianez and Tam had walked Penora home after breakfast. The girls had agreed they would meet up to see Tenoch the following day at ten o’clock.
Vianez’s mind was still spinning from what her father had told her about the Volk. Someone wanted the werewolves in Owl Flight to lose control, but why? For revenge? Against the town, Necalli, or Tenoch?
“Well this is a surprise. You aren’t waiting for me are you?” Reynold asked when he walked into the kitchen.
“We are actually.” Blana kissed him on the cheek and pulled out his chair for him to sit.
“This is a bit of late lunch, isn’t it?”
Blana shrugged her shoulders. “We’ve been busy.” She glanced at Vianez and her sons who all smiled.
“Busy?”
Blana picked up the cake they had baked when Reynold was out of the house. She snuck up behind Reynold and sat down the cake in front of him. “Yes, busy.”
“Happy Birthday, Father!” Vianez, Tam, and Annon yelled.
“Hooray!” Crimson shouted.
“My birthday? It is my birthday!”
“Did you forget?” Annon asked, shocked at the very thought.
“I suppose I did, Annon. This looks amazing!”
“And Mother said we don’t even have to eat lunch first if we don’t want!” Tam said.
“Really?” Reynold turned around and looked at Blana who shrugged her shoulders.
“Guess it’s cake for lunch today,” she said.
Reynold took the knife Blana was holding out for him and cut into the cake. A rich dark raspberry syrup trickled out of the center. “Where did you find the ingredients to make this?” he asked as he started passing slices of cake around the room.
“Vianez and I have been saving a bit here and there for the past couple of months.”
“First pie, now cake. You have been very busy. Thank you. It’s amazing.” Reynold glanced at Vianez who smiled then ducked her head and focused on her piece of cake. Reynold thought about the moment when he found out Blana was pregnant for the first time. He was ready. He never felt scared of the future or worried about what it might be like to be a father; he knew he could do it. Reynold almost laughed out loud at the thought of how young he had been. He wished now he felt the way he had more than sixteen years ago; when he had been so sure he would be the best father. Now, he could hardly stand it as he watched the threads of his and Vianez’s relationship unravel. His heart twitched at the knowledge that this was mostly his fault. He had been so angry with his daughter, he didn’t stop to think about what his actions would lead to. Much like Vianez, right? a nasty voice said in the back of his mind. Reynold snorted.
“Are you okay?” Blana asked, patting him on the back.
Reynold cleared his throat. “I’m fine. This cake is so good, I ended up inhaling it.”
“What inhaling, Father?” Crimson asked, placing his fork down and looking at the piece of cake in front of him suspiciously.
Everyone around the table laughed at Crimson’s actions. “I mean I breathed in the cake,” Reynold said.
Crimson frowned at his father. “Eating.” He picked up his fork and pointed at the cake with it.
“Yes. I meant to eat it. It was a mistake.”
That seemed to satisfy Crimson, and without another word, he dug back into his cake.
When everyone had finished lunch, Blana suggested Tam and Annon take Crimson outside to play. “The sun is out today,” she said. “Be sure you wear your coats and gloves though.”
“Is it going to snow here?” Annon asked.
“Yes,” Reynold said. “I’ve been told Owl Flight gets quite a bit of snow. Now go along and play for a bit.”
Tam glanced at his parents and Vianez before leaving the room. Vianez could tell from the look on his face that he knew they were going to talk about something important and it frustrated him that he wasn’t privy to these conversations yet. Vianez was surprised herself that she was after the way her father had been acting for the past few weeks. She had to admit though that he did seem to be making an effort to get along with her more. But it was still hard; it felt forced and that just reminded Vianez that her family was never going to be put back together the way it had been before Owl Flight had happened to them.
Vianez and Blana cleared the table and cleaned up the kitchen while they waited for the boys to go outside. However, as soon as the backdoor closed, Blana spun around to face Reynold. “So? What happened?”
Reynold covered his face with his hands. “Where do I start?”
“Is it that bad?” Vianez asked. She and Blana walked back to the kitchen table and sat down.
Reynold lowered his hands. “The Elders are talking about locking up all the werewolves for the full moon.”
“What?” Vianez said.
“They can’t.” Blana nearly stood back up. “Lock them away like they are criminals?”
“We have to see it from their point of view,” Reynold said. “Not everyone in Owl Flight is a witch. Most likely, we can keep them out of our home that night, but what about the homes without witches? What stops the weres from getting in and hurting those families?”
“Why don’t we all gather together somewhere and use our magic there?” Vianez asked.
“That would be a good idea, except our homes would be abandoned and it’s a possibility the werewolves will break in and destroy our homes. Even the Elders don’t have enough power to protect every nonwere house in Owl Flight.”
“So what do we do?” Blana asked.
“Ideally, get the Volk back in place. But otherwise, I thought we would stay here and invite anyone who wants to come to our home, with their understanding that their home may be gone in the morning.
Blana sniffed. “If you feel that’s what’s best.”
“I’m asking you too, Blana. Do you have any ideas?”
“No, I can’t say I do. I do not agree with locking up the werewolves, but you’re right; I don’t want my house left at their disposal. So I guess we will have to stay.”
“It will work out,” Reynold said.
“But it’s not going to work out for every family,” Vianez said.
“No, it won’t. Perhaps the Elders will be willing to split up and stay in some homes to help out.”
“You don’t think anyone is going to get attacked do you?” Vianez asked.
Reynold lowered his head slightly and leaned forward. “No, Vianez. I don’t. The people are going to be safe, regardless of what the Elders decide to do. Our properties may get beaten up, but no one will get hurt.”
Vianez leaned back. “Did they say anything about Tenoch?”
“No. I told you, you and Penora could go see him tomorrow, and you can.”
“Don’t be out after dark whatsoever,” Blana said. “Not for any reason, Vianez.”
“The full moon isn’t until Sunday.”
“I don’t care. You haven’t known grounded yet if you have one toe out of this house when it gets dark.”
“Yes, Mother.”
“Why don’t you go outside and play with the boys, Vianez,” Reynold said.
Vianez glanced at her mother, who nodded her head. “Yes, sir.”
As Vianez slipped out the backdoor she heard her mother say, “Do you actually think it’s going to work out?”
“I don’t know, Blana. I really don’t know.”
Vianez hung her head and ran out into the cold, not bothering to look for the area the boys had claimed as their stakeout.
***
“Hi, Necalli. Is Tenoch in?”
“He’s upstairs. Watch your step girls, I still have a lot to clean up.”
Vianez allowed her eyes to scan Necalli’s shop as she and Penora stepped over the piles of debris Necalli had been sweeping up all morning. She held in a gasp when she saw dried blood on the floor by the backroom, and Penora pushed against her spine to encourage her to walk up the stairs faster.
Vianez raised her fist and knocked on the door.
“Come in,” Tenoch called out.
Vianez pushed open the door and peeked in. When she saw Tenoch sitting up in his bed, she opened the door wider and stepped in with Penora following right behind.
“Oh, I’m glad it’s you two. I thought it was Necalli again.”
“Why?” Penora asked.
“He’s torn between feeling angry and guilty, so he either yells at me or tries to get me to eat more food.”
Penora laughed. “Poor Necalli.”
“Poor Necalli? Poor me. I have to live here.”
“Oh, Tenoch, lighten up. You look much better today.”
“Thanks, Penora. How are you two doing?” He said “two” but it was obvious from where he was looking that he wanted to know about.
“I’m fine,” Vianez said. She found it difficult to meet his gaze; she was too busy thinking about how she was going to break it to him what the Volk was or that the Elders suspected him in the disappearance of it.
Tenoch frowned. “Are you sure?”
Penora stepped forward and sat on the end of Tenoch’s bed. She patted the bed next to her, encouraging Vianez to sit down.
“Well this can’t be good for me,” Tenoch said.
“We know what the Volk is,” Penora said after Vianez sat down.
“You do?” Tenoch leaned forward, his emerald eyes wide. “What is it?”
Vianez took a deep breath. She let the words fall out of her mouth like an avalanche. Everything her father had explained to Penora and her about the Volk and the fact that it allowed werewolves in Owl Flight retain control spilled out of her. When she finished, she watched Tenoch closely, waiting for him to say something...anything.
Tenoch looked as if someone had slapped him. A few times, Vianez opened her mouth to say something else, but each time, she told herself to hold back; she needed to let Tenoch process the information she had flung at him.
Finally, Tenoch rubbed his eyes and looked up at his two friends. “So all this time my father was right?”
That wasn’t a question Vianez had been expecting. “What do you mean, ‘right’?”
“I’ve always been so sure...so sure...that I could choose. Witch or wolf. It was my choice. I remember being proud of myself that day I finally could stop myself from turning. I was excited. But it wasn’t me, was it? It was the Volk?”
“Oh, no, Tenoch. It’s not like that.” Vianez’s eyes were wide.
“Tenoch, Mr. Atil says that werewolves can control the wolf without the Volk. It’s just that the Volk makes it easier, and since it’s always been here in Owl Flight, you’ve never needed to try to control yourself without it. It just means—”
“It just means I can’t do it. It was an illusion. I’m not in control after all. I can’t run away from who I am.”
Vianez stood up. “Tenoch, you can choose who you are—who you want to be. We didn’t want to tell you to make you feel down on yourself. I thought if anything you would be upset with the Elders for them using this...this thing to affect weres.”
“Upset? That they want to stop us from turning into wolves? I’m glad for that. I just always thought I was strong enough to make my own decisions, but now I’m feeling as though I have no control.”
Penora watched the thick air that was surrounding Tenoch. She glanced at Vianez who looked just as hopeless as Penora felt. “Well, you’re not going to like what else we have to say.”
Vianez shook her head at Penora, but Penora ignored her. “I’m sorry finding out about the Volk is so upsetting, I really am, but we have a bigger problem you need to know about.”
“Something worse? What’s worse?”
“The Elders think you may be behind the robbery.” Penora clinched her eyes tight at the look on Tenoch’s face.
“What! What!” Tenoch made to throw the covers off of himself, but Vianez moved forward and stopped him.
“It’s not all the Elders,” she said. “It’s mainly Elder Etl.”
“That blown-up beanbag?”
“Shh!” Penora looked behind her at the door. “You can’t go around saying things like that.”
“I’ll say what I like,” Tenoch snapped back.
“Not if you want to keep your freedom you won’t.” Necalli backed into the room holding a tray of sweets. “I was hoping the two of you would break it to him so I wouldn’t have to.”
“You think this is funny, do you?” Tenoch’s face was a shade of purple Vianez didn’t recognize. She regretted coming to see him. This conversation wasn’t going the way she had planned it out in her head. 
“No, I don’t think this is funny. But if you want to give Elder Etl any more of a reason to harass you, by all means, call him names. Believe me when I say the last thing you want is an Elder to pay too much attention to you. It’s trouble.” Necalli sat the tray down. “You girls let me know if he gives you a hard time. I’m just downstairs.”
Vianez waited until Necalli had left the room. “Tenoch, we didn’t mean to upset you. We thought it was best if you knew what the Volk was and that Elder Etl is trying to make you seem guilty. He’s just looking for any excuse to get us arrested. But we know you didn’t do this, so we just have to figure out who did.”
“That simple, huh? What about staying out of trouble?”
“No one said we weren’t allowed to try to find the Volk ourselves,” Penora said.
Vianez looked at her. “Are you sure? We don’t have to do this.”
Penora felt that familiar stab of guilt in her gut. She knew Vianez didn’t want to drag her into another adventure that could risk their friendship, but Penora didn’t feel that way anymore. She knew she had been wrong to blame Vianez. Truth was, she hadn’t had a close friend like Vianez or even Tenoch in years; she wasn’t going to let that come in jeopardy—not again. “I’m sure,” she said.
“Okay.” Vianez turned towards Tenoch. “We’ll find out who did this.”
“The full moon is on Sunday. You have two days.”
“I guess we should get started then. You said it was a man and a werewolf. Was he tall? Heavy?”
Tenoch scratched his head. “Tall, yeah, but not ridiculously so. I don’t think he was heavy. He was more muscular. But he could have been anyone. There wasn’t anything about him that stood out to me.”
“Other than him being a werewolf of course,” Penora pitched in.
Tenoch rolled his eyes at her. “Yes, but as we pointed out the other night, do you know how many male werewolves are in Owl Flight?”
Penora shrugged her shoulders.
“Enough to keep the two of you busier than a couple of days.”
Penora waved her hand at him. “We’ll figure it out.”
“We should probably go then and let you rest, Tenoch,” Vianez said.
“Thank you for coming to see me and telling me about the Volk.”
Vianez approached him and bent over to hug him. Tenoch grabbed both of her arms and held her firmly. “Don’t do anything stupid, please.”
Vianez’s eyes were wide. “We won’t.”
“Because I’m not worth it.”
“What are you…? We’ll be careful. Promise.” She tried smiling, but Tenoch’s face was too serious. “Really.”
“All right.” Tenoch let go of her.
“Feel better, Tenoch,” Penora called over her shoulder as she and Vianez walked out of the loft.
“You just take care of each other. I’ll be fine,” he smiled, but as soon as the door shut, he allowed his face to fall. How could he be fine if he couldn’t control the wolf?
***
“Do you think walking through town is going to inspire you of where we should start?” Vianez allowed herself to laugh at Penora who looked very stern at this question.
“Perhaps. I don’t know where to start. Necalli says he’s not going to let us look around his shop.”
“The Elders just combed every inch of it. We can’t blame him for being protective right now.”
Penora snapped her fingers. “Why don’t we go talk to Old Jess?”
“Who?”
“You haven’t heard of Old Jess? She was one of Owl Flight’s first residents like Necalli and the Elders. She keeps to herself mostly, but she’s nice to me.”
“Where does she live?”
“At the edge of town. This way.”
Vianez and Penora hurried along the main road until they reached a small path past the shops and homes. Vianez imagined this path would be beautiful in the spring and summer when all the trees and shrubs that lined it were in bloom. Now though, the overwhelming mass of dead wood left Vianez wanting to turn back.
They walked twenty minutes along the pathway. Although she was wearing gloves, the cold air was finding its way to Vianez’s fingertips. “It’s so cold out here.”
“It’s not much further. Old Jess doesn’t come to town very often; she likes to keep to herself. That’s probably why you haven’t seen or heard of her before. Oh, there it is!” Penora pointed at what appeared to be more trees and shrubs, but as Vianez looked closer, the woods parted and a small cottage was visible.
Once on the front porch, Vianez looked at Penora. “This was your idea. Go ahead.” She stepped back and Penora knocked on the front door.
“Go away!” The voice seemed to be coming from the door itself. 
Penora looked at Vianez and shrugged her shoulders. “Old Jess! It’s Penora Albany. I have Vianez Atil with me.”
The door swung open, and a large woman filled its frame. “Penora? So it is! Come in girl. And I know you, Vianez. Come in.”
“You do?” Vianez asked as she stepped inside.
“Oh yes. The two of you got yourselves in quite the hotspot a month ago.”
“That’s over now,” Vianez said, trying to convince herself as much as Old Jess it was true.
Old Jess only nodded her head. “I see. Why don’t you two sit down?” She bustled into the kitchen and brought out tea and what looked like cookies although they were barely bigger than one of Vianez’s fingertips. “So what can I do for the two of you?”
“We here about the Volk,” Penora stated bluntly. She hadn’t reached for the tea or treats but looked steadily into Old Jess’s eyes.
Old Jess leaned back. She wrapped the purple scarf she was wearing tighter against her shoulders. “How much do you know about the Volk?”
Vianez sat forward and placed down the tea she had been drinking. “Enough. We know it’s an ancient artifact that was placed here because it helps werewolves control the wolf inside of them, and most of our town is made up of werewolves.”
“I’m surprised two young girls would know about it.”
“My father told us. After it was stolen. Our friend, Tenoch, was hurt in the process of it being taken.”
“So you, what...want to find the Volk and save Owl Flight? The full moon is in two days.”
“We have until Sunday night when the moon rises,” Penora said.
“Well, then you just have all the time in the world.” Old Jess let out a sharp laugh. “I don’t know what you think I can do, Penora.”
“You always have your ear to the ground, Jess. You want the Volk found before the full moon rises, don’t you?”
“Aye. That I do. But the Volk being stolen was as much of a surprise to me as anyone I’m sure. There wasn’t even a hint of a whisper that someone might do this. It feels to me it was more of a spontaneous decision. Someone knew Necalli was out of his shop for the night and realized they could use that chance to steal the Volk. I don’t get the feeling this was a planned action.”
“So you think this just had to do with Necalli being out of town?” Vianez said.
“I’m sure whoever did it, wouldn’t have dared attempted if Necalli had been in his shop.”
“How did they know the Volk was there? The Elders seem under the impression only they and Necalli knew,” Penora said.
Old Jess snorted into her tea. “Those Elders. Always thinking us small folk don’t know anything. There are plenty of people who knew where the Volk was kept. Especially the older families who came here to Owl Flight before the last of the owls had left.”
“The last of the owls?” Vianez asked.
Old Jess held up one of her hands. “Another story, my dear. The Volk should be our focus.”
“Our focus?” Penora asked.
Old Jess turned to her. “Why yes. That’s why you’re here, right? You need my help. And I intend to give it. I’m not looking forward to Owl Flight turning into a blood bath tomorrow night.” She pushed herself up and Penora and Vianez stood as well. “Shall we?”
***
Tenoch laid in bed another thirty minutes after Penora and Vianez left before he couldn’t stand it any longer. He threw off the blankets that Necalli had given him and sat up. He reached under his bed where he had kicked off his boots the night before and slipped them on. Once at the door of his loft, he grabbed his heaviest coat and headed downstairs to the shop.
“What are you doing up?” Necalli asked. He was putting all the broken dolls into a large box. “Don’t know what I’m going to do with these. I’ll see if Reynold or another witch can help patch them up.”
“I can’t lie in bed any longer.”
Necalli set the box down. “What’s troubling you?”
“Vianez and Penora told me what the Volk is. Why didn’t you tell me it was in the shop? We could have protected it better.”
“You didn’t need to know. And if you guard something, it gives folks the impression there’s something worth stealing. No one was supposed to know the Volk was here.”
“Why was it in your shop of all places?”
“Come sit down with me.” Necalli led Tenoch to the back of his shop. “I’m sure you know the history of Owl Flight.” Necalli pulled out a chair for himself and Tenoch at the table that had been squeezed into the corner of the room.
Tenoch sat down. “A bit.”
Necalli sat as well. “Werewolves are difficult folks to live with. I don’t need to tell you that.”
Tenoch frowned. “What?”
“Difficult. We’re an...well, we’re an odd race. We have two people living inside of us at all times: man and wolf. The man is who we are, but come the full moon once a month, the wolf takes over. You’ve lived through this; it’s an out of body experience.”
“Yes. It’s like you know what is happening, but you can’t do anything to stop it.”
“Exactly. Now, as we get older, and if we are dedicated, we can start to control the wolf. Some of us can stop the change completely, even when there is a full moon while others can change without the moon’s help. But this is difficult. I grew up in a place in this realm without a Volk. It is a painful and exhausting process to learn how to control the wolf. You’re father went through the same pains. He had to learn control the hard way.”
“He likes to think it’s more about knowing when to access the wolf than to cut it off completely.”
“Yes. Many weres feel this way. Anyway, there are also the werewolves who choose not to control the wolf. They’re happy to let the full moon to play its role and allow whatever is to come, happen.”
“I do know most of this Necalli.”
“I know you do. I know you do. You’ve got to let a man get to his point. It would be faster if you stopped interrupting me.”
“All right. I’ll stop.” Tenoch grinned; Necalli frowned.
“As I was saying, control is not as easy as most people think. And that’s where the Volk came into play. There used to be more of them at one time in history, but as far as I know, this is the last one in our world. Many powerful witches and sorcerers came together and worked on a plan to help werewolves control the wolf more easily. You see, when you have a were in your village who can’t control himself, the entire town is in danger every full moon. He’s treated as a monster, an outcast, and even a criminal.”
“So the Volk was created to stop this?”
“Yes. Hundreds of years ago, werewolves were dying out quickly for a few reasons: One, we were being hunted and killed. I’m sure you can imagine folks not wanting their children to be in danger of being killed every single full moon. Two: many werewolves stopped breeding and having children, even with nonweres, because they didn't want their offspring to suffer the way they had. So the Volks were meant to not only protect others, but to protect weres as well.”
“I see.” Tenoch’s head was pounding. “So how did the Volk end up here?”
Necalli leaned back enough so the front legs of the chair he was sitting in lifted off the ground. “To start with, the few Volks that were created, and I’m not quite sure just how many there were to begin with, were spread out throughout the land. They couldn’t reach every corner of our realm, but the effect was, I have been told, almost immediate. Even if a Volk wasn’t directly in one’s town, werewolves were finding it easier to control themselves when they changed into wolves and those who were closest to a Volk could even choose not to change into a wolf completely or to change into one as they pleased.”
“But neither you nor my father grew up near a Volk?”
“No. As I said, there weren’t enough Volks to cover all of our world.”
Tenoch leaned forward and rubbed this palms over his temples. It was almost too much to take in. Why hadn’t anyone bothered to tell him about the Volk? Finally, Tenoch looked up at Necalli. “What happened? Why is there only one Volk left?”
“There were many groups of werewolves who felt that a were shouldn’t separate himself into two categories: man and wolf. They believed that the man was the wolf and the wolf was the man.”
“I’m not sure I understand.”
“Don’t you?” Necalli smiled. “You don’t know any werewolves who feel one shouldn’t separate the man and wolf.”
A picture of Tenoch’s father popped into his head. “My father doesn’t think there should be a separation.”
“No, he doesn’t. And neither do (or did) many other werewolves. Cyprian was part of one of those rogue clans that are still at large.”
“Do you think any them could have taken the Volk? And what happened to the other Volks?”
“All right. Hang on. Do you want a drink?” Necalli stood up and rummaging for a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. He filled up the glasses and slid one across the table to Tenoch before sitting back down. He took a moment to look at the honey liquid then dumped in down his throat. “That’s better. I’ll tell you the story how I know it, although I and no one in my town ever took part in it. These groups of werewolves who opposed the Volks started getting together—started talking, you know? And they decided they were going to put an end to the ‘oppression,’ as they called it, of the Volks.”
“So they destroyed them?”
“Aye, they did. How they panned it, I don’t know. They must have had a witch or sorcerer on their side though, because I don’t believe a were would have the power to destroy a Volk. So however they decided to divide up, within a few of years, they had stolen and destroyed all but one Volk, which the Elders we have today kept safe.”
“What happened next?” Tenoch hadn’t touched the drink Necalli had given him, but was leaning so far across the table to catch every word that the edge of the table was cutting into his stomach.
Necalli poured himself another drink and chucked it down his throat. “It was horrible.” A shadow crossed over his face. “There was war everywhere. Werewolves who had been able to control the wolf were suddenly out of control when the first full moon hit; they didn’t know what to do and many, many nonweres were killed. Meanwhile, nonweres were killing weres at every chance, whether the weres were in their wolf or human form. Werewolves were kicked out of many villages and driven away because of all this. Then the Elders we have here in Owl Flight, who had saved the last of the Volks, took all the werewolf refugees and brought them here.” Necalli leaned back and watched Tenoch.
Tenoch couldn’t believe he had never been told any of this. His father had mentioned that there had been heavy prejudice years ago against werewolves, so most of them had decided to move to the outskirts of their realm to live in peace. But there had never been a word of killings or war. “So whoever has taken the Volk this time…”
“...obviously doesn’t want the werewolves in this town to be under control. Whether selfless or selfish reasons though, I couldn’t say.”
“And Cyprian's group?”
“I don’t know Tenoch. I suppose it’s a possibility, but that means that clan has been watching our town closely. How else would they have known I was out of the shop and the Volk was unprotected?”
Tenoch nodded his head. No, that didn’t seem likely. So it must have been someone in town. A thought jumped into Tenoch’s head. “But wait, Necalli. You said the Volks worked even if they weren’t directly in one’s town. So maybe the Volk’s power will still work?”
Necalli slowly shook his head and poured himself yet another glass of whiskey. “I don’t think so, Tenoch. If someone stole the Volk, then they knew what it was for, and if they know what it is, then I’m sure the culprit has seen to it the Volk is far enough away that its power isn’t going to save us.”
“What are you saying?”
“We’re not going to find the Volk in Owl Flight, Tenoch. We have no chance. War is coming again.”
Episode Seven: The Full Moon, Part Two
“Have you seen Vianez today?”
Reynold looked up from the book he was reading. Blana was standing in his study doorway. “No, I haven’t.”
“I don’t know why she thinks she can run around town like this.” Blana allowed her body to fall into the overstuffed chair in the corner of Reynold’s study. “Especially with the danger of the missing Volk.”
“There isn’t any danger just yet, Blana. The full moon is what we have to be afraid of.”
“Any luck on locating the Volk?”
“None that I’ve been made aware of. The Elders aren’t my biggest supporters, you know. Not since Vianez was arrested.”
Blana clasped her hands together and leaned forward. “Surely you don’t blame her?”
“I can’t think about it anymore, Blana. What’s done is done. We can’t change any of it, and I’ve already allowed my relationship with our daughter to be tainted by my anger.”
“I suppose that in itself is a relief.”
“We are going to be safe, you know. Our home will be protected.”
“Do you think we are going to have to do this every full moon?”
Reynold put the book that was still in his hands down on his desk. “I hope not.”
Blana leaned back in her seat. “I think we should move back to Pelmon if this isn’t resolved. We can’t live in fear of werewolves killing our children every month.”
Reynold rubbed his eyes. He was afraid they would have this conversation. “It is almost winter. The snow will be here soon. Even if we wanted to leave, we can’t travel back to Pelmon until Spring.
Blana sighed.
“Blana, I don’t know if you ever grew up near werewolves…”
Blana peered at her husband for a moment. “No, I didn’t.”
“I did. When I was young, there were many werewolves in my community. My family never had any problem with them, but then again, we didn’t treat them like they were monsters or animals; we treated them the same as we would treat anyone else.”
“Did a Volk reach your town?”
“By the time I came along, no. But the werewolves had learned to control themselves when they transformed. Their bodies might have turned wolf, but their minds were still that of a man. Obviously, we didn’t go gallivanting around town during the full moon and tempt fate, but no attacks ever occurred when we lived there. We lived in peace with them.”
“But the Volk has been here all this time, these people can’t control themselves.”
“Yet. They can’t control themselves yet. It will take time and practice, but we aren’t going to be in the danger we are in now for the next twenty years, my dear. And for all we know, the Volk will be discovered and that will close this door.”
“Yes, but I think about Sunday night and what is going to happen.” Blana stood up and wrapped her arms around herself and focused on the books in Reynold’s bookcases.
Reynold stood up as well and approached his wife. “If I may be bold enough to be completely honest with you, I imagine it will be terrifying. And it will probably be that way for a few moons to come, but even if the Volk is never found, eventually, all this will pass.” He wrapped his arms around Blana.
“How can you be so calm?”
“Oh, my love. I’m anything but calm,” he said and buried his face into his wife’s neck.
***
“If we are going to do this right, we are going to need to talk to a few of Owl Flight’s oldest comrades.”
“Oldest what?” Vianez asked. She was finding it oddly difficult to keep up with Old Jess even though the woman had to be in her seventies.
“Citizens, my dear. The first who came to Owl Flight. Necalli and I were part of the pact. The Elders of course. And there was Frey, your friend Tenoch’s father, and let me think...who else? Oh, yes. We should talk to Glora first. She lives rather close to Necalli’s. Might have some information the Elders don’t.”
“Wouldn’t she have told the Elders if she knew anything?” Penora asked.
Old Jess let out one of her barking laughs. “Don’t be silly, my dear. Glora loathes Elders. Always has. She didn’t want to come out here, you know. The village she lived in before though...there were many nonmagical humans and they killed her husband and sons one full moon. All she had was her little girl, but when they were driven from their home, Leah died in her mother’s arms in the middle of a winter’s nights.” Old Jess slowed her step, her eyes glazed over as she remembered her story. “Poor dear. She ended up on my doorstep with the child still clutched in her arms.” Old Jess sighed. “Well, I wrapped the child up and placed in her in an old box I used to keep wood for the fireplace in. Then I cleaned up Glora and managed to get some food in her belly. After that, she stayed with me for a month before we found out the Elders we have here in Owl Flight now had saved the last of the Volks and were taking as many werewolves as they could to the edge of our realm.”
“And Glora didn’t want to come?” Vianez was entrapped by Old Jess’s story. Her heart ached at the thought of the woman losing her family and being shunned out of her own home in the middle of winter. And now she’s stuck in Owl Flight with the rest of us.
“No, she didn’t. She was quite offended at the suggestion that the weres were being cast out and locked away where none would ever find them. But I had told her I was going, and since we had grown close, she agreed to come with me.”
“I’m sorry,” Penora said. “I never knew any of this.”
“No. You children wouldn’t. Times were different. But I fear without the Volk, those times may come to be true once more.”
“There are more werewolves than nonweres in Owl Flight though, aren’t there?” Vianez asked.
Old Jess nodded her head. “Yes. But that, my dears, is not reassuring. Oh, look. Here we are.”
They were standing outside a yellow and orange brick building that looked like it had been rebuilt several times. Vianez was surprised to see there were still roses blooming in Glora’s flowerbeds, regardless of the weather.
“She calls them Leah Roses,” Old Jess said, glancing down at where Vianez was looking. “They’ll bloom most of winter, even in the snow.”
“They’re beautiful,” Vianez said.
“Thank you.” A woman with blond hair past her waist opened Glora’s front door. “Jess. How are you?”
“I’ve been better. Do you know Penora or Vianez?”
“Know of them.”
Vianez and Penora looked from Old Jess to Glora, wondering if they were going to get any answers from her. 
“I suppose you want to come in,” Glora said.
“It would make what we have to say less dangerous if we were inside, yes.” Old Jess inclined her head towards Glora’s opened door.
“Very well.” Glora turned around and hunched back into the house.
Old Jess gave her young friends a quick look and said, “Come on, now,” before following Glora inside.
Vianez was last to walk in the house and made sure to shut the door behind her. Glora waited until Vianez had taken a seat next to Penora before speaking. “You are here about the Volk.” It wasn’t a question.
Vianez saw no reason for denying it, so she said “Yes. You’re near Necalli’s shop, so we thought you might have heard or seen something that would lead us to finding the Volk.”
Glora turned to Vianez whose ears went pink under the woman’s heavy gaze. “I want her to ask me.” She pointed a finger at Old Jess.
Old Jess growled under her breath. “Oh, is that it then? Very well. I’m asking. Where were you the night the Volk was stolen?”
Satisfied, Glora sat down across from her three guests. “I was here. Where else would I be?”
“Did you see anything suspicious near Necalli’s?”
Glora chewed on her tongue for a minute. “Don’t know if I’d call it suspicious. I see customers from his shop often since I live so close.”
“What did you see?” Penora asked, excited.
“I was told the break in happened Thursday night around six o’clock?”
“Yes,” Vianez said.
“Well, I do remember seeing a large dark shadow cross my window about that time. I got up and glanced out, but the figure was covered in a coat; it looked male, being so large, but I couldn't tell you much else about him.”
“Any sounds? Did you hear anything?” Old Jess pressed.
“No. Don’t recall that I did. And the man never crossed my window again, so he must have ran off another way.”
Old Jess clapped her hands. “Now that gives us something to work with. So he came from the South, but did not return that way.”
“That still leaves three other options though,” Vianez said. “North, East, or West. He could have gone any way.”
“Not exactly,” Penora piped up. “If he had ran West or North, he would have hit the town and other homes.”
“So he had to have headed east,” Old Jess said.
“And if he had lived in the east part of town, he would have never passed my window, so that means he didn’t travel back to his home. He carried the Volk into the woods,” Glora said.
Old Jess was shaking her head. “Which is not a comforting thought.”
“No,” Glora said. “Whoever he is, he wants to make sure the werewolves in our small town won’t be able to control themselves come the full moon.”
“I can’t believe the Elders are even considering locking them up.” Vianez’s eyes opened wide, stunned at her stupidity for speaking her though aloud.
“What?” Both Glora and Old Jess were standing on their feet.
Vianez wanted nothing more than to sink into the couch she was sitting on. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“No. You explain to us what you just said, missy.” Glora’s teeth were bared.
Vianez looked at Penora who was as helpless as she was. She turned back to Glora. “My father said the Elders were considering locking up the weres come the full moon if they can’t control themselves.”
Glora took a step back. Her snarl was gone and water was streaming from her eyes. “It’s happening all over again.” She turned to Old Jess, who had crossed her arms.
“We’re not getting locked away,” she said. “This is why we are trying to find the Volk. Whoever took it wants there to be a war, but we’re not going to let that happen. I won’t let that happen ever again.”
“Won’t it?” Glora sank back down to her chair. “We are never to have peace. Not truly.”
“Glora, we are going to get the Volk back. We will find out who took it; you’ve already given us a huge hint. He must live to the South. There are only so many werewolf males who live south of you who would have an inkling about the Volk.”
“But if the Volk has been taken east, which way to do we go? East or south?” Vianez asked.
“I don’t think Vianez and I have a chance on our own, Old Jess. I’m not sure we could find the Volk and I don’t think it would be wise for us to confront the werewolf who stole it.” Penora was looking at Old Jess.
It was Glora who spoke, however. “No. That would be foolish; you would be killed. I would go after the Volk. Confronting the culprit could wait until after the Volk is back in Owl Flight.”
Vianez stood up. “How can we find the Volk when all we have is a direction? Wouldn’t it be better to find the person who stole it and force him to tell us where the Volk is? Or even get the Elders to help?”
The hair on Glora’s head raised up towards her chest. “We will not be getting the Elders involved.”
“We?” Old Jess asked.
“You swung me into this, so consider me your new partner. I’ll get my coat.”
Vianez looked at Penora. “Now what?”
Penora glanced at Old Jess who was examining one of Glora’s bookshelves. “We find the Volk.”
***
“You want to spend the night at Penora’s home? I’m not sure that’s a good idea, Vianez.”
“Mother, please. The full moon isn’t tonight. What more can we do but sit at home and worry? I would rather spend the time with Penora.”
“No. But it is tomorrow night. Couldn’t she spend the night here?”
“She always spends the night here. And I’ll be home tomorrow before the sun sets.” Vianez was trying to stop herself from coming up on the balls of her feet and bouncing. She looked back and forth between her mother and father, trying to see through them to decide her next choice of words. Anything to convince them to let her spend the night at Penora’s.
She and Penora had already been through this charade with Mr. and Mrs. Albany. Penora had packed her bag and left her home, leaving her parents to believe she was spending the night at Vianez’s. The pack had been dropped off with Old Jess and Glora while Vianez went to her home in attempt to convince her parents to let her stay over at Penora’s.
If all went well, the plan was for both Vianez and Penora to stay with Glora and hunt for the Volk that night
“It will be safe, Blana. No one will be turning tonight. You need to be home by tomorrow afternoon though. As soon as that moon starts to rise, it will be dangerous. Vianez, let me be clear when I say you will not be out after dark.”
“I won’t. I promise.”
“All right.” Reynold turned towards Blana. “I need to eat something then head back to work. A few of the rifts have started to quiver.”
“Quiver?” Vianez asked.
“For lack of a better word, yes. There is a slight shake along two of them. You can feel it when you are nearby. It’s the last thing we need on top of the Volk being gone, but we can’t ignore the rifts.”
“You’re not going to be out there when the full moon hits, are you?” Blana asked.
“Oh no. Don’t worry. I will be here with you.”
“The Elders still haven’t come up with a plan?” Vianez asked.
Reynold studied his daughter’s face. “If they have, I have not been privy to it. Best go pack your things.”
Vianez was up and back downstairs in less than five minutes. She gave her mother a hug and kiss on the cheek and waved at her father, who had taken his place in the kitchen.
Penora, Old Jess, and Glora were waiting for Vianez down the road and out of sight of the Atil cottage. “So I see it went well,” Glora said. “You two are pretty good liars, huh.”
Vianez raised an eyebrow at her. Was she talking about the trial? “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Glora’s lips thinned. “I think you know. Shall we drop off your things?”
***
Tenoch lay in his bed; his head was swimming with everything Necalli had told him. Occasionally, he felt as if the wolf was going to burst out of him; his control was trapped in that Volk. Tenoch signed and rolled over to his side and pushed himself into a sitting position. He hadn’t thought about anything but the Volk since Necalli had explained everything to him. If the Volk wasn’t back in Owl Flight by tomorrow night, he would be a full-fledged werewolf. What if he hurt someone? What if he hurt Vianez?
“Tenoch?” He could hear Necalli’s voice from downstairs. “Tenoch!”
Using the heels of his hands, Tenoch pushed himself off of his bed and threw on his boots and a coat. “I’m here,” he said when he was close enough for Necalli to hear. 
Necalli turned around. “Come on down. Your friends are here. Again.”
“Tenoch!” Vianez and Penora were standing near the door of Necalli’s shop.
“Hello.”
“Do you want to go for a walk?” Vianez asked.
Necalli frowned. “If the three of you think you are going to go looking for the Volk on your own, think again.”
“We’re not, Necalli. We were hoping to cheer up Tenoch. Is that okay?”
Necalli threw his hands up. “Why not? The shop isn’t open for business anyway.”
Once outside, Vianez and Penora linked their arms with Tenoch and pulled him out of sight of Necalli’s shop.
“Where are we going?” Tenoch said.
Vianez squeezed his arm. “You’ll see.”
They rounded the corner where two elderly women were standing. Tenoch almost knew them at first glance. Their names escaped him, but he felt he had seen them around Owl Flight for years. “What’s going on?”
“Tenoch. Good to meet you, officially. I’m Jess. This is Glora.” Old Jess and Glora bowed to Tenoch who returned the greeting.
“Frey was never friends with us, so you wouldn’t have seen much of us,” Glora explained.
“That and they’re both hermits,” Vianez whispered to Tenoch.
“We may be old, but we can still hear,” Old Jess said.
Tenoch looked around at all the women. “I’m sorry, but I still don’t understand what is going on.”
“We’re going after the Volk, boy” Glora said.
“And we want to enlist your help,” Old Jess said.
Of course it’s about the Volk, Tenoch thought. His heart sank. “I don’t think I’m feeling up to it. There’s just a little over twenty-four hours left.” He looked at Vianez. “When I didn’t hear from you after this morning, I had hoped you and Penora had dropped this. Necalli told me the Volk has been taken from the town; there’s no chance of finding it.”
“Aren’t you a cheerful boy.” Glora peered at him from under her heavy bangs. “Have some faith.”
Vianez turned to Tenoch. “We were hoping you could poke around Necalli’s and find any clues for us. He’s never going to let us in there to do that.”
“Vianez, I would rather not get involved. I want to be alone.”
Vianez’s back straightened. She leaned away from Tenoch. “Oh. If that is what you want. We thought you wanted to help us.”
“I can’t. I’m so sorry to have wasted your time.” Tenoch turned away from the group and walked back to Necalli’s.
“Well, I’ll be,” Glora said.
“I don’t understand,” Vianez said.
“He’s upset about not having control.” Penora pulled at Vianez’s arm to turn her away from where Tenoch had disappeared. “He took the news harder than we thought. We should let him alone.”
“Penora’s right. If he isn’t interested in helping right now, we still need to move on with the plan.” Old Jess looked at Glora. “I think you should take one of the gals and I’ll take the other. We’ll cover more ground that way and not leave them to get lost in the forest in the process.”
“Works for me. How would you two like to split up?”
“It doesn’t matter to me,” Vianez said.
“Nor me. Either way is fine.”
“I’ll go with Penora. I’ve known her longer.” Old Jess moved over to Penora.
“All right. That leaves you and me to it,” Glora said to Vianez.
***
Glora and Vianez marched into the forest. Vianez still had difficulty believing they would be able to find the Volk. There were miles and miles of forests and no way to tell which direction the man who stole the Volk went.
When she pointed this out to Glora again, Glora said, “There are always signs. One just has to be able to recognize them. Concentrate now. You’re a witch and elf breed, aren’t you?”
“I am.”
“Let your senses guide you. Feel out for the Volk; don’t try to find it with your eyes.”
The sun sank lower the further they walked into the depths of the black woods. The image of Vianez’s parents floated in and out of her mind. What would they say or do to her if they found out what she had done? Crossing the line to save Annon was one thing, but she had difficulty believing they would be understanding of this.
They had walked for an hour when something pulled at Vianez. “Glora.”
“Yes?”
“I can feel something. I think we should go left.”
Glora came to stand next to Vianez. She raised her head and sniffed the air. “You may be on to something. We’ll go this way then.”
Vianez tried to read Glora’s face in the dark, but at most, all she could see was her outline and orange eyes glowing. “Glora?”
“It’s all right dear. I have complete control; I have since I was a young girl. I’m not fully turning, but I do want to heighten my senses.”
Vianez nodded her head, then realized Glora probably couldn’t see her doing that, so she said, “Okay. I was just…”
“On edge. I can tell. Your entire body is vibrating.”
Vianez’s brows knitted together. “It’s also very cold.”
“Yes. So we should keep moving.”
Another two hours passed without Vianez being able to sense anything else. Maybe she had been wrong. An early frost had reached these woods and the air bit at every piece of Vianez’s exposed skin. Even her hands and body, which were covered with thick layers of clothing, hurt from the continuous frozen air.
Glora held out an arm that caught Vianez in the chest. “Shush. I can hear something.”
Vianez gulped.
“Quietly now. We’ll sneak up on them from behind.”
“What if it is a werewolf?” Vianez asked. Her heart was trying to pound against her frozen chest.
“Then take extra caution, or he’ll hear us coming.”
***
Old Jess and Penora turned in a direction their friends hadn’t gone in and headed off for the thick trees. Penora wondered how cold it was going to get before the night was over and whether she had enough shirts and pairs of gloves on. 
“What happened between you and Glora?” Penora asked Old Jess after almost an hour of walking in silence.
“I told you to be quiet. We need to focus on locating the Volk.”
Penora ignored her. She had been focusing on trying to “sense out,” as Old Jess had put it, the Volk and couldn’t feel anything except the icy air attacking her body. “When you were telling Vianez and me about how you met Glora, it sounded like the two of you were very close friends. But then when we all met in Glora’s home, it seemed as though there was something broken between the two of you.”
“Oh, Penora. Such is the thing that can happen to friendships if they are not looked after. One day you may face the same thing; don’t let your friends slip away because of your carelessness.”
“Oh.” Penora thought about how only a short time ago she was ready to call it quits with Vianez and Tenoch and never see them again. She had let her depression overcome her and it nearly lost her two friends. “I can understand that, Old Jess. But surely it’s not too late to be friends again?”
“It’s been over ten years, my dear. It’s going to take more than a Volk hunt to band us to one another again. Now be quiet.”
After another long couple of hours, Old Jess stopped dead in her tracks.
“What is it?” Penora looked around as though that would help. She would have no better luck trying to see through a blindfold.
“Someone is ahead of us. I think it’s a werewolf. Be careful and stay close to me.”
They moved more slowly; Old Jess was taking caution to avoid being spotted or smelled before they were in range to confront the culprit. Finally, they came to a clearing in the trees where a tall black figure was kneeling on the ground and, it appeared to Penora, digging.
Old Jess put a hand on Penora’s arm and gripped it. Penora could see her raise a finger to her face and nodded her head in understanding. Old Jess directed Penora to a large tree, to which Penora grabbed a hold of. Old Jess then crept away, looking for the best place to come upon the stranger.
***
“Just over there. Can you see? Wait now, there is someone else there.”
“There are two of them?” Vianez asked, horrified.
“Yes, but…”
“But what?”
“Oh, I don’t believe it. It’s Jess sneaking up on him. Stay here. I don’t see Penora, so she must be staying behind as well.”
Vianez watched Glora inch her way forward. She crouched low and used her hands and feet to move in between the stick-like trees. Vianez took her eyes off Glora to see if she could find Penora anywhere, but anything further from where the figure was, was too black.
Tempted to go in for a slightly closer look, Vianez crouched as Glora had, and moved five feet to another tree. She stood up in time to see both Old Jess and Glora were closing in on the figure who was still hunched over. It appeared he hadn’t heard them. Vianez sighed. The old women were close enough to get him. Now they would find out who he was and get the Volk back. At least lying to her parents paid off.
Vianez glanced up once more to scan the tree line for Penora when a large snarl brought her attention back to the adults. A large wolf, Vianez assumed had been the shadowy figure, had turned on the women who were backing away and slowly changing into wolves themselves. Vianez whipped her head around the tree and pressed her eyes shut.
Howls and yelping convinced Vianez to peak from around the tree again. She couldn’t tell who was who at this distance. All the wolves seemed to have dark coats and there wasn’t enough of a size difference to make out which one could be the male. All three wolves circled one another, and then one leaped and grabbed another by the neck and dragged it down. The third wolf joined the pile, and cries rang through the night. For a moment, Vianez had a wild idea to try to move closer and use magic, but then she realized she wouldn’t know which wolf to use the magic on. Maybe I could hit all three of them to slow them down and see if the Volk is nearby. At least we would have the Volk.
She edged around the side of the tree, trying not to be seen. All three wolves were still piled on one another. Vianez moved forward as quickly as she dared and finally grabbed onto another tree. She steadied herself, then concentrating, moved from away the tree, held up both her hands, and whispered “Tardus.” She was too late. One wolf had been thrown back from the other two right before the spell hit. It became apparent almost instantly to Vianez that the two wolves who were close together, and now partially immobilized, were Glora and Old Jess because the lone wolf spotted Vianez and lowered itself to attack.
Vianez tried the spell again, but the wolf dodged and charged. Vianez turned and ran. She circled around the trees and headed back for Old Jess and Glora. If the man had changed into the wolf then he couldn’t have the Volk on him and there was a chance it was where he had been digging. If Vianez could just get the Volk.
She heard the wolf’s breathing before she felt his two front paws hit her right in the middle of her back. She fell forward, catching herself with her hands and knees, and the wolf rolled off of her. Vianez kicked out and hit the wolf in his nose. She used all her strength to push herself up from the ground and continued to run towards where she hoped the Volk was. Once more, however, the male wolf was upon her and Vianez found her face being pressed into the frost on the ground. She kicked her legs up and hit the wolf, but he didn’t release his grip. When she felt the tip of his teeth at her neck, she screamed into the ground and yelled, “Tardus,” one more time out of desperation. 
It worked...somewhat. The wolf rolled off of her and left, but to Vianez’s horror, when she had pushed herself off of the ground, the wolf had changed back into a man and had a small black prism in his hand: the Volk!
Vianez leaped up and put out her hands, but the man disappeared into the trees. Vianez ran forward, but she couldn’t see where the figure had gone. Whimpering brought her attention back to Old Jess and Glora. She turned towards the wolves, and whispered, “Agito.”
Suddenly Old Jess and Glora were standing in front of her. Though back in their human form, their teeth were bared and Vianez felt herself shrinking into the ground.
“What in the world were you thinking?” Old Jess raised a hand and Vianez turned her face away.
“I am so sorry. I was trying to help. I thought if I could slow him down, I would be able to grab the Volk.”
“We were handling it just fine,” Glora sneered. “You nearly got us and yourself killed, and you let him get away with the Volk.”
“I just wanted to help.”
“I told you to stay put.” Glora picked up Vianez’s right arm. “You’re bleeding. Did he bite you?”
Vianez hadn’t noticed her arm had been injured. She looked down at it. “No. I must have hurt it when I was knocked down.”
“Well, that’s that then, is it?” Old Jess said, lowering her arm.
“Not quite.” Glora rounded on Vianez one more time. “Do not ever use magic on me again. I do not like magic. And I do not like witches who use magic as though they are superior to the natural ways of conduct.”
Vianez gulped. “I won’t. I truly do apologize. I messed up.”
Old Jess sniffed the air. “Where’s Penora?”
Vianez and Glora looked around. Vianez hadn’t thought about Penora; she had been too focused on getting the Volk. 
“I’m here!” Penora was sprinting towards the group from the direction the man had ran off in.
“I thought I left you back that way,” Old Jess said jerking her thumb over her shoulder.
Penora climbed down from where she stood to join the other three. “I followed the man after he snatched the Volk.”
“You what! That was very dangerous,” Old Jess said.
“I felt like I had to do something.” Penora looked at Vianez. “I should have come to help you when he attacked.”
Vianez shook her head. “No. He would have just tried to hurt you as well.”
“I felt so helpless, so when he took off, I thought maybe I could follow him at least far enough to get a sense of where he would be headed.”
“And did you?” Glora asked.
Penora gripped the collar of her jacket. “He’s headed back towards town.”
“Really?” Vianez asked. “Then he must be planning on hiding the Volk somewhere else. If he takes it back to town, the werewolves shouldn’t be affected.”
“So the question is, will he burry it on his way to the town’s limits, or will he take the Volk in another direction and dispose of it there?” Old Jess asked.
The four partners looked at each other, helpless to know what could happen next.
***
“That could have gone better.” Old Jess set a cup of hot tea in front of Vianez, Penora, and Glora. She then poured herself a cup and sat down between Penora and Glora.
“It could have gone a lot better. What besides frostbite did we accomplish from our little expedition?” Glora looked around at the other three, daring them to contradict her.
“I agree with you to an extent, but I feel like there was something familiar about that were. I’ve been out of the loop for so long though, I can’t place the scent.” Old Jess took a gulp of her tea. “I feel like I know him.”
“And what good is that? We had already decided that the man had to have been one of the oldest citizens of Owl Flight. There weren’t many of us to begin with, so him being familiar to you isn’t surprising,” Glora still refused to touch her tea.
Vianez and Penora however sipped theirs in silence. Nothing about the wolf or man had been familiar to Vianez and she agreed with Glora: this night had been a waste of time. There was no sign of the Volk now, and the werewolf, whoever he was, would most likely be covering his tracks more diligently now that he knew he was being followed.
“What do we do next?” Penora asked.
“Lock your doors,” Glora said.
“Glora.” Old Jess turned to Penora. “We stick with our original plan. Tomorrow, we’ll head towards the south end of town and talk to the older residents who live in that area. Maybe if we talk to every male, I’ll recognize the scent from tonight, and then we’ll know who stole the Volk.”
“But the Volk won’t be in town. How will we get him to tell us where it is?” Vianez asked.
“You just leave that to us.” Old Jess stood up. “I think bed sounds like a good idea.”
Vianez and Penora were happy for a chance to leave the table. Glora was seething and it was more than obvious she and Old Jess were close to fighting; neither teen wanted to get caught in the middle of that.
As they lied down in Glora’s back room, Vianez turned towards Penora. “Penora?”
“What?”
“What if we don’t get the Volk in time?”
“I don’t know. But can I be honest about what’s really worrying me?”
“What is it?”
Penora turned and faced Vianez. “What happens if we are still out looking for the Volk when the moon rises?”
***
Tenoch woke up Sunday morning in his worse mood yet. Tonight the full moon was going to rise. Tonight he would become a monster. The thought of hurting someone made him nauseous. He had gone straight to bed after talking with Vianez the day before. He didn't see the point in trying to find the Volk; they might as well look for a specific tree branch in the forest. However, this morning, he was going to try. He could at least do as Vianez had asked and take a look around the shop. Necalli had made a lot of progress in cleaning it yesterday. Perhaps there wouldn’t be anything left to find.
Tenoch could hear Necalli downstairs clanging pots on the stove in the backroom. He didn’t want to be brought breakfast again, and he had a feeling Necalli had had enough of babying Tenoch. So Tenoch dressed as quickly as he could managed and jumped down the stairs.
“Up already?” Necalli asked. He was stirring a thick gray porridge in one of his oldest pots and Tenoch hoped he wouldn’t be expected to eat it. “Have a seat. Do you want breakfast?”
Tenoch remained standing. “Not right now, thank you. I thought I could help fix up the shop today.”
“I’m managing it.” Necalli poured some of the thick goo into a bowl for himself and sat down at the table. “You’re sure you don’t want breakfast?”
“I’m not hungry yet. But Necalli, I am your employee. I should be helping you clean and fix the shop so it is ready for business again. Winter is here, and your customers need supplies.”
Necalli took his time eating his meal. Finally he said, “All right. I don’t want you to work yourself too hard. There’s no shame in taking a couple of days off after what you’ve been through.”
Tenoch folded his arms. “I much rather work.”
“Very well. I don’t have anywhere in particular for you to start. As you already pointed out, we need to clean and fix nearly every aspect of this place, so start where you’d like.”
Tenoch moved into the front of the shop. Necalli had made a great deal of progress, but there was still clear evidence of the attack. Tenoch started collecting large pieces of debris, looking closely for any clues. He couldn’t understand why the man would bother ruining Necalli’s shop when all he wanted was the Volk. It wasn’t as if he had hidden the fact that he took the Volk; he left the doors to the safe and closet wide open. 
After three hours of cleaning, Necalli told Tenoch to take a break. “You still haven’t eaten anything today.”
“I’m fine, Necalli.”
“As your employer, I’m telling you to take a break and go eat something.”
Tenoch signed and threw a chunk of wood from the counter into the bucket of materials that could be saved or fixed. He put his right hand on the ground to push himself up, but he touched something slick and slipped.
“Are you okay?” Necalli asked. He glanced over the counter at Tenoch.
Tenoch forced himself to look up. “I’m fine. You’re right. I need to eat something.”
Satisfied, Necalli turned back to cleaning the glass counter, which Reynold had repaired for him on Friday.
Tenoch, however, looked back down at the material he had gotten on his hand. It had a brilliant shine. He frowned. He knew what this was. How many times had he seen this furniture polish and seal be made? How often had he helped make it himself? Tenoch up righted himself and walked into the backroom. He pulled out a couple of pans and a plate. Then looking behind to ensure Necalli hadn’t followed him, he slipped out the backdoor. 
Tenoch lapped around a few other shops so he wouldn’t have to pass Necalli’s front door. He ran as fast as he could. His father hadn’t been in Necalli’s since Tenoch had started working there. There wasn’t any other way the polish could have gotten there. His father had broken into the shop. His father had attacked him. His father had stolen the Volk. 
What was it that Necalli had said? “There were many groups of werewolves who felt that a were shouldn’t separate himself into two categories: man and wolf. They believed that the man was the wolf and the wolf was the man.”
Of course. Frey hated that Tenoch had refused to change into a wolf for years. Hated that his son was more interested in being a witch and learning spell casting than embracing the werewolf side of his genetics. Why hadn’t Tenoch thought of him earlier? He looked up at the sky. It was already early afternoon. Necalli didn’t think the Volk would be in range of Owl Flight. Tenoch wondered if he was going to have time to get his father to tell him where the Volk was and get it back to Owl Flight before the moon rose.
When Tenoch came upon his parents’ house, he toyed between sneaking in or going straight through the front door. He finally settled on the front door. There wasn’t sense pretending he was here for anything else. Tenoch clamored up the front porch steps and banged on the door three times. He then opened it and let himself in. 
“Tenoch!” Tenoch’s mother, Thamina, ran up to him and hugged her son. She leaned back and held his face in her hands, as if trying to be sure he looked just the way he had the last time she had seen him. “Your hair is getting a little long, isn’t it?” She brushed his hair back.
“It’s been a week, Mother. I don’t think it’s grown any.” He put his hands over hers and lowered them. His father was standing in the doorway between the living area and Tenoch’s old bedroom. Tenoch turned towards him. “I think you know why I’m here.”
Frey nodded his head. “Come to apologize, huh?”
“No. I didn’t.” Tenoch held up the hand that still had residue of Frey’s polish on it.
“What are you holding your hand up for?”
“You don’t see it?” Tenoch tilted his hand so the polish caught the light and Frey stiffened. “I thought so,” Tenoch said. “You were in Necalli’s shop. You attacked me. You stole the Volk.”
“Now see here. Don’t you dare go making accusations…”
“Accusations? I know it was you!”
Frey stepped forward. “And your proof is what? Some stupid polish residue? It’s not enough, boy.”
Tenoch lowered his hand. “It is enough. It’s enough to know that you are the one who stole the Volk. Why did you do it? People are going to get hurt tonight. Some may even die.”
“Frey?” Thamina stepped away from the wall she had been trying to blend into. “Is this true? You wouldn’t remove the Volk, would you?”
Frey didn’t look at her. “Shut up.”
“Don’t talk to her like that.” The hairs on the back of Tenoch’s neck were standing on end.
Frey moved between Tenoch and Thamina. “Or you’ll do what? What are you even doing here Tenoch? To inform me you think I’m the one who stole the Volk? Well you’ve done that. You can see yourself out.”
Tenoch didn’t move. “I want to know where you put the Volk.”
“I haven’t touch that ridiculous thing.”
“Liar! You stole it! You nearly killed me to do it!”
Thamina gasped behind Frey. “You didn’t.”
Frey turned towards her. “I said shut up!” He rounded on Tenoch. “You good for nothing little half breed. I want you out of my house.”
“I want to know where the Volk is, or I will go tell the Elders what I know!” Tenoch felt the wolf inside of him trying to get lose. He took a deep breath and pushed it back down. He wasn’t going to let his father get away with this. “Where is it!” he shouted when Frey remained silent.
“Probably by the old barn where the town used to keep the corn stalked in the winter. He was always fond of that place.” Thamina moved away from her husband to the other side of the room, but never took her eyes off of her son.
Frey spun around and made to move for her, but Tenoch leaped forward and wrapped his arms around his father. Frey snarled and started changing into his wolf form. Tenoch felt an urge to do the same and pushed it away once more. His father could give in, but he wouldn’t. Not again. Not unless the moon forced him to. He held on until his father’s form grew so big, Tenoch’s arms were forced away. Frey threw his son off his back and turned on him.
Tenoch rolled away and dodged the wolf’s jaws. He used the wall to pull himself up. “Father, stop! I’ll go. Just stop.” He ducked again and Frey flew over him. Tenoch smashed into one of his mother’s side tables, which broke under his weight.
“Tenoch, just get out of here!” Thamina called. “Go!”
Tenoch turned towards his mother. “Watch out!”
Thamina looked up, but it was too late. Frey had landed on her. Tenoch ran to his mother, but before he reached her, his father went flying across the room. Tenoch had never seen his mother like this. She stood; her hair flowed behind her. Her eyes were bright and shone out of her face. She looked at Tenoch. “You need to get out of here. Go get the Volk. Get it back into town before the moon rises.”
Tenoch took a step towards her. “Mother…”
Thamina raised a hand. “Just go.”
Tenoch felt as if his mother’s eyes were looking straight through him. He watched her for only a moment longer then turned and headed for the front door.
“Tenoch?” 
He turned.
“Remember I love you, my son.” She turned her back on him and walked over to Frey who was still unconscious.
Tenoch forced himself to flee. He ran harder than he ever had. Every inch the sun sank lower, was a pull the wolf made, trying to break lose. Tenoch couldn’t give in right now. He had to reach the Volk. He knew the barn his mother had spoken of; he had been there many times with his father. Tenoch glanced up at the sun. He was running out of time.
***
“That’s the sixth person we’ve spoken to,” Vianez said. She, Penora, Old Jess, and Glora had set out to talk to some of Owl Flight’s oldest residents that morning, but now it was late afternoon, and the group hadn’t come any closer to figuring out who had stolen the Volk. A two-hour detour in the forest, because Glora sensed something, had been a waste as well. Both she and Old Jess assured the girls they were close; they simply couldn’t put their finger on what they were sensing.
Old Jess looked up at the sun. “Let us check in on Frey. I’ve never been a fan of the man, but his wife is very gentle. If we don’t get answers there though, we are going to have to send you two girls home. If your parents haven’t caught on to what you’ve done yet, they will soon.”
“My parents are never going to forgive me for this one,” Vianez mumbled under her breath to Penora.
“Come on girls, hurry up!” Glora called over her shoulder.
Penora raised an eyebrow at Vianez, but didn’t respond to her. She knew she too was going to be in trouble when her parents found out what she and Vianez had done.
The four females rounded a clearing of trees and there stood a gray house that looked like one more windstorm would finish it off. “Is this it?” Vianez asked.
“Sure is. Home of Frey and Thamina Jadon. No sense standing out here.” Old Jess squared her shoulders and marched up to the front door. 
Glora was right behind her, and Vianez and Penora began to follow when Old Jess stopped in her tracks and held up both hands. Glora turned around towards the girls and put a finger up to her lips. Vianez and Penora looked at each other then took a step back at the same time. 
Old Jess took her time walking backwards away from the house. She whispered something in Glora’s ear. Glora nodded her head then walked to where Vianez and Penora were waiting.
“What’s going on?” Penora asked.
“Old Jess recognizes the scent on this house. It was Frey who attacked us in the woods last night.”
“Tenoch’s father!” Vianez gasped.
“Shush! Do you want him to hear us? We need to be cautious. You let Old Jess and I go in first and be ready to run if we say so.”
Vianez and Penora eagerly nodded their heads.
“Keep your eyes sharp.” Glora turned and crouched low as she approached the house behind Old Jess.
“Can you believe that?” Penora asked.
“Part of me wants to say no for Tenoch, but then I think about what Tenoch has said about his father not liking him controlling his wolf and choosing to be more of a witch than a werewolf.”
“We’re running out of time. Should we tell Tenoch?”
“I don’t know...I...what was that?” Vianez turned towards the house. She heard another cry and dashed for the front door with Penora right behind. 
Vianez screamed when she entered the house. Penora looked down at the floor than stumbled back onto the front porch. Mrs. Jadon’s body was in the middle of the room. Her neck had been shredded.
“Get back, Vianez!” Glora was at Vianez’s side, trying to pull her outside, but Vianez shook her off and forced herself to look around the rest of the room. Frey was sitting in a large stuffed chair facing his wife’s corpse. His eyes were dark and there were many empty bottles on his lap and on the floor around the chair.
Old Jess was standing in front of him. “Frey. What happened? Frey!”
It seemed to Vianez as if it was taking all of Mr. Jadon’s strength to look up at Old Jess. “Got in the way. She got in the way. She should have just let it go.”
“Who? Thamina? Did she find out about the Volk?”
Frey slowly nodded his head. “Tenoch was here. We fought. Thamina got in between us, and I...I snapped. She knew better than to do it.”
“Did she use magic on you?”
Again, Frey nodded his head.
“Where is Tenoch?”
“Gone to get the Volk. She told him where.”
“Where is it Frey? Tell me. Tell us.”
Frey finally broke eye contact with Old Jess and raised the half empty bottle in his hand up to his mouth. He lowered the bottle and let his head fall back. “By the barn.”
Old Jess turned away. She looked at Glora who was still standing next to Vianez. Glora nodded her head in understanding. Old Jess turned one more time to Frey as if she wanted to do something for him but thought better of it and hurried out of the house with Vianez and Glora.
Once outside, Vianez looked at Penora. “Are you okay?”
“Sure. I’m fine.”
Vianez glanced at Old Jess and Glora. “What now?”
“Now? Now, Jess and I go after the Volk. We’ll hopefully meet Tenoch in the middle. Sounds like he’s already had a head start. The two of you have to get home.”
“No way,” Penora said. “Tenoch is our friend. We’re seeing this to the end.”
“And if the moon rises before we get back?”
“We have to try,” Vianez said. “We promised we would.”
“There’s no sense arguing,” Old Jess said before Glora could get in another word. “Let’s go.”
***
“Reynold! Reynold!”
Reynold jumped out of his study’s chair at the sound of Blana’s cry. “What is it?” He opened the door and nearly ran into Blana.
She grabbed the front of his shirt. “She’s not there. They’re not there. Vianez never went to the Albanys’ home last night.”
Reynold held both of his wife’s wrists. “What?”
“Penora asked if she could spend the night here. Vianez asked to spend the night there.” She shook her head. Tears were streaming down her cheeks. “We don’t know where they’ve gone.”
“Where are Mrohn and Jal now?”
“They were planning on coming over here. They assumed Penora was here waiting. Remember, you offered to let them stay over tonight?”
“Of course I did. I invited a few others as well. Iaro says he’s going to keep working on the rifts though, the fool. He doesn’t think the werewolves will end up that far out, but I’m not certain of that.”
Blana ignored him. “What are we going to do about the girls? Where could they be?”
“I think we both know what they’ve gotten themselves into.”
“Surely you don’t believe they’ve gone after the Volk. Where would they even start?”
“I most certainly do think that is exactly what they’ve done. I’m going to go to Necalli’s.”
Blana grabbed his arm. “You can’t. The sun will be setting soon.”
“We can’t leave them out there.”
“Reynold, if you’re not here, the house won’t be protected.”
Reynold looked deep into his wife’s eyes. “Give me thirty minutes.”
***
It didn’t make sense. It couldn’t make sense. The light of the moon was just barely peeking through the trees and Tenoch could feel his body start to contort. But I have the Volk, he kept screaming to himself. I have it right here. I’m not supposed to change. Yet with each step, Tenoch felt the pull of the wolf as it broke through his barriers.
Tenoch’s father must have been in a hurry when he buried the Volk because it didn’t take Tenoch long to recognize the freshly dug dirt and discover the cool, black prism. An outline of a wolf howling was etched into one of the sides, and in a few places, the Volk appeared chipped.
Tenoch had been sure as soon as he had the Volk, he would remain in his human form and be able to carry it back into town. Now though, it appeared holding the Volk wasn’t enough. Did he have to get it into Owl Flight? He tried to remember his conversation with Necalli about the Volk’s power while he avoided running into any trees.
Tenoch felt a sharp pain in his hands and looked down. Claws were replacing the neatly kept fingernail beds. He was changing.
***
“I can smell him! We’re close!” Old Jess ran ahead of her three companions. Glora did well to keep up with her, but Vianez and Penora were falling behind.
“How do these women run like this?” Vianez puffed out.
“I don’t know. I thought running would warm me up, but I can’t feel any part of my body.”
Vianez grabbed Penora’s left hand. “Come on,” she said and dragged Penora after her. In front of them, Vianez watched as both women’s bodies quivered in the specks of moonlight that littered the forest floor. “Do you think they’ll be able to hold on?” Vianez tried to say only loud enough for Penora, but Glora heard her.
“We are just fine, thank you. Keep an eye out for yourselves and stop worrying about us,” Glora snapped. “I see him! Oh no, he’s changing.” Glora left Vianez and Penora clear behind her and charged towards what Vianez recognized was half of Tenoch’s body and half of the black wolf.
Vianez watched a large object fall out of Tenoch’s hands. “That must be the Volk!”
“Why isn’t it working?” Penora asked.
Vianez let go of Penora’s hand and ran towards Tenoch. An outstretched arm caught her in the chest and she felt all of the air in her lungs spill out of her mouth. “Ouch!” she gasped and looked around for her assailant.
“Get back,” Old Jess said. “You don’t know who he is right now.”
“The Volk.” Vianez pointed to where Tenoch had dropped the artifact.
“We’ll get it.”
“Be careful Jess. The boy’s never changed without the Volk’s power.”
A deep snarl emerged from Tenoch’s form. He fell to all fours and finished changing. Vianez took a step back. She looked behind her and saw Penora hadn’t moved from where Vianez had left her. Tenoch opened his wide jaws and closed them again with a snap that vibrated through the trees.
“That’s no boy,” Old Jess said. “That’s a full grown wolf.” She lowered her body and changed into her wolf form. Tenoch’s eyes found the new wolf and he charged at her.
Vianez stood still as she watched Glora change as well and attack Tenoch. She wanted to yell at them to stop, but a bounce of light from the ground caught her attention. The Volk. She glanced at the three wolves then dived for the Volk. She scooped it up and held it close to her chest. She and Penora would have to get it back into Necalli’s.
Tenoch spotted Vianez and threw Old Jess and Glora onto the ground. He charged after Vianez. Penora had already started running back towards Owl Flight and Vianez forced herself to focus on Penora’s back as she fled from Tenoch.
The girls dodged around trees and leaped over shrubs in attempt to slow down Tenoch. More than once, Vianez wanted to turn around to find out why Tenoch hadn’t caught up with them yet. Even though they were trying, Vianez didn’t see how she and Penora could possibly outrun a full grown werewolf.
Vianez’s heart leaped when the trees started to thin. Town was less than a mile away. She pushed her aching legs to run further. Almost there, she told them. We can make it.
Out of nowhere, Tenoch lunged in front of Vianez’s path. She screamed as she stumbled into his form. Tenoch swiped a paw at her face and Vianez felt a sharp sting along her right cheek.
Tenoch pushed Vianez onto her back and stood over her, he raised another paw, and Vianez put her hands over her face. “Tenoch!” Her voice muffled through her hands, “It’s me. It’s Vianez.” The paw came closer and Vianez screamed again. “Tenoch! Don’t!” Vianez shut her eyes tight, but when she didn’t feel his claws come in contact with her face, she opened one eye and peaked between her fingers. “Tenoch?”
Tenoch lowered the paw that was only an inch away from Vianez’s face and moved away from her. He sat on all fours and watched her. 
Vianez turned her head enough to see what Tenoch was doing, then rolled onto her hands and knees and pushed herself off of the ground.
The wolf blinked and lowered his head.
“Vianez!” Old Jess, and Glora emerged from the trees. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
Upon seeing Tenoch, Old Jess and Glora crouched slightly as if getting ready to transform, but Vianez put a hand on each of their shoulders. “He’s okay. I think he knows who he is.”
Neither one of them took their eyes off of Tenoch, who remained where he was, looking slightly bored. “Can you turn back to your human form, Tenoch?” Old Jess asked.
For a moment, Tenoch didn’t move. Then the wolf closed its eyes and shook its body. After nearly thirty seconds of this, Tenoch fell forward, still a wolf. He stood up and looked at the females before him. He hung his head in response to Old Jess’s question.
“We still need to get the Volk into Necalli’s shop then,” she said.
“The town is crawling with werewolves,” Penora said, suddenly at Glora’s side. “I thought Vianez was still behind me and I continued heading for Necalli’s, but there isn’t any way to break through without being attacked.”
“Then we’ll need a distraction. Jess, you go with the girls and put the Volk in its rightful place. Tenoch and I will see that your way is clear.”
“Maybe I should come too.”
Glora folded her arms across her chest. “Someone who knows exactly where the Volk belongs should go. That’s you.”
Old Jess looked between Glora and Tenoch. “Fine.”
Glora nodded her head then transformed into her wolf form. With one last glance at the remaining party, she and Tenoch turned and started to run towards the town, howling as they did so.
“Come on,” Old Jess said. “And keep low to the ground.”
When Vianez, Penora, and Old Jess reached the tree line near Necalli’s shop, they watched as Glora and Tenoch rounded on the werewolves who were blocking the other three’s path. As soon as the weres followed Glora and Tenoch, Old Jess grabbed both Vianez and Penora’s hands and pulled them towards the shop. Vianez held the Volk close to her body with her free hand and looked around them from every angle she could bend her head. No wolf was in sight.
“Quickly,” Old Jess said.
They found the door to Necalli’s was locked. “Necalli?” Old Jess called out. “Are you in there? It’s Jess.” There was no response. “Go ahead witch, give it your best shot.” Old Jess backed away from the door and looked at Vianez.
Vianez tried not to grimace at Old Jess’s use of the word “witch.” She handed Penora the Volk and bent over the door lock. Necalli had had someone put a strong solid spell on his lock; it took Vianez more than two minutes to finally break it open. “There,” she said standing up and tilting her head to the left to crack her neck.
“About time. Hurry, inside.”
Vianez frowned at Old Jess, but followed her and Penora into Necalli’s shop. Much of the damage that had been down three days ago by Frey was fixed. There were many empty holes among Necalli’s shelf inventory that Vianez assumed were items Frey had broken beyond repair. “Where is the safe the Volk belongs in?” Vianez asked.
“Over here.” Old Jess was standing next to a closet Vianez had never noticed before.
“Here, Vianez.” Penora handed the Volk to her.
Vianez walked over to where Old Jess was standing. Inside the closet was a black safe with a silver satin pillow in the middle of it. A dent in the pillow indicated this was where the Volk had spent the last few decades living. 
Old Jess leaned back to let Vianez place the Volk in the safe. “The two of you were the ones who were so sure the Volk could be returned. Seems only fair.”
Vianez reached forwards when a scream from Penora nearly caused her to drop the Volk. Vianez clutched it in both hands and poked her head out of the closet. Her mouth dropped opened. Frey Jadon was holding Penora with one hand and had a large claw up against her throat with the other.
“Give me the Volk,” he said.
“Thought you had given up,” Old Jess said.
“I didn’t lose everything so you could go ahead and put that disgusting object back into place.”
“Let her go,” Old Jess said.
“Don’t take another step. And don’t you dare think about changing either, Jess.” Frey looked at Vianez. “Bring me the Volk.”
“Don’t Vianez. Put it back,” Penora said.
Frey squeezed her neck. “Shut up!”
Vianez looked at Old Jess who said, “Come out slowly, girl. Keep hold of that Volk though.”
“It’s in your friend’s interest if you don’t,” Frey said.
“Don’t listen to him Vianez. Just come stand by me. Now Frey, do you really want to…”
A movement outside caught Vianez’s attention and she stopped listening to Old Jess. A pair of large green eyes appeared at the door. Tenoch! Vianez’s mind yelled.
“After everything? After Thamina? After Tenoch? Yes. This is how I want it to end. Werewolves shouldn’t be treated the way we have been. We don’t need a stupid rock to stop us from being who we were meant to be. Now give it to me or your friend dies!” Frey raised the hand that was not holding Penora’s neck at the same time Tenoch attacked.
Tenoch’s jaws clamped around Frey’s hand. Vianez watched with a sick twist of her stomach as Frey’s hand fell to the floor.
“Vianez!” Old Jess grabbed her shoulders. “The Volk! Quick!”
Vianez forced her eyes away from Tenoch and leaped into the closet. She shoved the Volk back into the dented pillow and slammed the safe shut. A bright blue and silver glow enveloped the safe and it shook slightly. It was over.
Vianez walked out of the closet and found Tenoch on his hands and knees, coughing up blood. Penora was being looked over by Glora, but Old Jess was standing above Frey with a dagger in her hand.
“Old Jess, don’t!” Vianez said. “The Elders, they’ll arrest you for murder.”
“After what this scum did. I don’t care.”
“Stop!” Necalli stood in the doorway of his shop. “No one is getting killed in my shop.”
Old Jess looked away from Frey, but didn’t lower her weapon. “After what he’s done? The danger he’s put us all in? Has anyone been hurt tonight? Do we know yet?”
“That’s all very well, but it is not up to us to take in our own hands.”
“Right. And since when have you followed along with what the Elders say?”
“I will not have in my shop, Jess! Drop the dagger!”
Many things happened at once: Jess lowered her hand holding the knife. Vianez yelled, “Watch out!” as Frey kicked upwards and caught Old Jess in the stomach; she fell and Frey grabbed the dagger and lunged for Old Jess. Penora and Vianez screamed, and Frey yelled out and fell to the ground. A knife was protruding out of his back.
Everyone looked around the room to see who had attacked Frey; Necalli stood as straight as Vianez had ever seen him, his arm still outstretched from when he had thrown the knife. “Now,” he said, “get that filth out of my shop.”
***
Reynold held Tam and Annon in his arms; Blana sat beside him on the couch rocking Crimson and occasionally looking across the room at the Albanys.
The room was still as they listened to the wolves howl outside. Twice, snarling and growling were heard right outside the walls of their home, but Reynold’s magic was doing its part. No wolf was getting in tonight.
Tears continued to fall down Blana’s face even after she forced herself to make the sobbing cease. Reynold had returned from Necalli’s with no news of Vianez or Penora and information that led him to believe the girls were with Tenoch who had left Necalli’s shop hours ago and not been seen since.
Reynold thought the howling was subsiding. Perhaps they had had their fill for the night.
A pounding at the door caused Blana and Jal to yell out and Crimson to cry.
Reynold leaped from where he was sitting. He placed Annon in Jal’s arms. Mrohn grabbed one of the swords that had been sitting on the Atils’ mantle over their fireplace. He and Reynold edged their way towards the front door.
More pounding at the door echoed through the living room and suddenly Blana and Jal raised their heads and looked towards the door. Their girls were outside.
“Mother! Father!” Vianez and Penora both called out. “It’s over!”
As if enchanted, Blana and Jal raised from their seats, the small boys forgotten, and walked towards the front door. Reynold raised a hand up. He looked at Mrohn who nodded.
“Vianez?” Reynold called out.
“Yes! It’s us. The Volk is back in its spot. The weres have turned back into their human form.”
“What if it’s a trap?” Mrohn whispered.
Reynold licked his lips. He turned towards the door again. “Vianez? If all is well, you will be able to get in.”
From the other side of the door, Vianez frowned. She looked at Penora who shrugged her shoulders. Vianez looked at the door handle. “I don’t understand.”
“It has to be protected in a way that won’t open unless it truly is safe,” Penora said.
Vianez closed her eyes and let all of the air escape from her lungs. It is safe. It is over. You can come out now.
“Vianez, look!”
Vianez’s eyes shot open and she looked at the door. It appeared to be melting.
From inside the house, Reynold looked at his family and guests. “The false door is disappearing. She’s done it. It’s over.”
Blana and Jal hugged each other. “Oh, open the door, Reynold!” Blana exclaimed.
“We have to wait for Vianez.” But as soon as the words were out of his mouth, the front door swung open.
“Oh, Vianez!” Blana pushed herself forward and grabbed her daughter. Vianez tried to focus on her breathing while her mother attempted to squeeze the life out of her.
“Mother, I’m fine.”
Blana held Vianez at arm’s length. “Well that should be a relief since you are in more trouble than you could have ever imagined.”
“Same here,” Jal muttered. She was holding Penora, but fire danced in her eyes.
“What happened?” Reynold asked.
Vianez and Penora pulled themselves from their mothers’ grips. “It’s a long story.”
“Someone better start talking.” Everyone turned around and faced the door. Elders Eleni, Etl, and Xochtil were standing in the doorway.
***
“What I don’t understand, is why the Volk didn’t work for Tenoch when he first found it. He was holding it, for goodness sake. He shouldn’t have turned into a wolf.” Reynold looked across the living room at the Elders. They had been in his house for almost an hour, prying every detail from Penora and Vianez. 
Elder Eleni turned towards him. “It was part of our agreement when we brought the last of the Volks here with the majority of the last of the werewolf community: the Volk would only have its power while located in the center of Owl Flight.”
“Ah. Because they used to have a broader range did they not?” Mrohn asked from the other side of the room.
“The did. This Volk though would have only been of use while in that safe.”
“Why wouldn’t Mr. Jadon have just put the Volk in his house then? If it wasn’t going to work there anymore than in the forest?” Vianez asked.
“I couldn’t tell you, Vianez,” Elder Eleni said. “I do not believe anyone but ourselves knew of this agreement. Surely he believed the Volk would continue to work while within the borders of Owl Flight.”
Vianez nodded her head.
The Elders stood. “No one was hurt tonight, surprisingly,” Elder Eleni said. “And as soon as the Volk was put back in its place, the weres who lost control tonight came back to their senses. Our...attempt...to use the prison was unsuccessful. Word got out less than an hour before the moon rose and the weres fled their homes. But as I said, no one was hurt, so that does not matter now.”
“We should leave you to your families,” Elder Xochtil said.
A sharp knock at the door caught the room’s attention. “Reynold! Reynold! Open up man!”
“Iaro?” Reynold hurried towards the front door and pulled it open. “Iaro! What are you doing?”
“Who’s here? Ah. Elders.” Iaro stepped inside Reynold’s home without being asked and bowed to the Elders. He turned towards Reynold. “I’m sorry for the intrusion. I was near the borders where we have been working with the rifts.”
“When there were werewolves lose tonight? I thought I told you that was a stupid idea.” Reynold asked.
Iaro shrugged his shoulders. “Someone needed to be out there to keep an eye out, and I didn’t think any of the weres would travel that far. I don’t know how to explain how it happened. The moon had barely risen when a burst of energy knocked me backwards. It was surreal.” Iaro’s eyes lit up. Vianez and everyone else in the room sat on the edge of their seats, waiting to find out what point he was trying to get at. “All I could think was it must have been the power from all the weres in Owl Flight being forced to change.” Iaro hung his head. “But the impact didn’t just knock me down. I did what I could, but it was too late. When I saw how far the rifts had split, there wasn’t anything else I could have done.” 
Reynold jerked out his arms and shook Iaro. “What are you saying?”
Iaro’s eyes were blank. “The giants are coming.”
About the Author
E. L. Scott writes suspenseful paranormal and fantasy dramas. The author of the Owl Flight series and the novel Call to Eithneland: The Dragon’s Eye lives in Southern California with her husband and terrier mix, Abbey Normal. When she’s not writing, E. L. Scott teaches English and Writing at a local college. In her spare time, she enjoys music, cooking, reading and experimenting with language.

Read more works by this author for free: http://wattpad.com/elscottwrites

Find out what happens to Vianez and her friends and family when the giants break through the rifts in Owl Flight, Season Two, NOW AVAILABLE: http://www.elscottwrites.com/books/ 

For updates, character interviews, and exclusive access to new Owl Flight episodes, sign up for E. L. Scott’s newsletter at http://elscottwrites.com/newsletter/ 

More places you can connect with E. L. Scott:

Twitter: http://twitter.com/elscottwrites 

Website: http://elscottwrites.com 


A special thanks to the support and encouragement of dear friends and family.

Thank you for reading Owl Flight, Season One. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave a review at your favorite ebook retailer.
Thanks!

E. L. Scott
