The Resurgence of Violet Blake
Book I (Violet Blake series)
Copyright 2014 Bre Faucheux
www.brefaucheux.com

Chapter 1
Mom and dad told me from a young age that our family had secrets which must be kept, but I never felt in danger until I experienced the consequences of those secrets being revealed. My name is Shawn Cassidy, and I come from a family of healers. For as long as my family has been around, which from what my mom tells me is an extremely long time, we have been known as holy people, caretakers, those with the touch of god. Our hands cure the sick and wounded the moment skin meets skin. My dad calls it rapid cellular regeneration.
My parents became doctors for this reason. If we can get close to people who lay sick or dying, then we can easily help them. 
My older brother Gavin set a new standard when he became a paramedic. He was the first in our family to let go of the idea of becoming a doctor. One day while watching the news on TV, he heard a reporter talking about the number of people who die in route to the hospital. That was when he decided that getting to people first and attending to them at the scene would be better than waiting around for patients to come to him in an Emergency Room.
My mom thought it was too much of a risk at first. If people were in critical condition when he first arrived at an emergency and then miraculously healed, it could raise some red flags. That’s why he only heals them slightly, and only those who would otherwise die or be paralyzed. Then once they reach the ER where my mom and dad work, he alerts them by texting to let them know which ones he has treated himself and who needs to most care the fastest. They have to do it on the sly because of the rules regarding cell phones in hospitals, but so far, their system has worked out really well.
Mom used to tell me stories when I was little about our people. Healers were once regarded as the hands of the pagan gods here on Earth, the blessed few, the takers of suffering. That was until the Church came along and the belief in a single god. Once the Church started gaining tremendous influence, we were classified as witches, sorcerers, heretics, and demons. The clergy used any frightening words that encompassed the age and fed on man’s inner most fears to describe our kind.
That’s why we came here, to the New World as it was called then. We were among some of the first to settle in the Americas, long before the Puritans ever came. Once they arrived, it became clear that their Puritanical judgments and way of life was very extreme and mirrored a darker mentality than the one we left behind in Europe. 
So we moved west. The conditions were brutal in the effort to get away. Not from the dread of tyranny, terror, exile, or persecution. It was a clear desperation to find a land of peace, where we could live as we once did. In the service of life and not the coming of death.
We found new homes among the native tribes. They saw our gifts as holy, spiritual, and precious. The Native Americans often welcomed us, and begged our company when the white men started over running all the lands within sight and beyond. But life amongst them couldn’t last in the way our ancestors wished, because Native American life and the traditions they held didn’t survive the test of time.
I remember the day when I realized that all mom’s stories were true. I was playing with my friend Allison on a swing set outside my house. My dad built it for me and my brother with his bare hands. We were being typical kids and trying stuff we shouldn’t. Allison leapt off her swing in the air. She went a little higher than she intended and lunged forward as soon as she hit the ground, face first in the dirt. When I first saw it, I was certain she knocked her teeth out. I stopped my swing with my feet and ran over to her, fully expecting there to be blood gushing out of her nose and mouth. But she stopped her fall with arm. It was likely broken.
She cried out in agony, begging for her mother, telling me to run to the house and get my mom to call her mom. But I knew that she was in the best place possible. My mom was a doctor after all. I scooped her up by her other side and we walked slowly into the living room. I allowed her to put her full weight into my shoulder and I called for my mom at the top of my lungs when we got to the door. I didn’t notice until Allison was on the couch and my mom came running in that she had stopped crying. Her arm had completely healed. The crooked angle of the bone was gone.
“Looks like she is fine now, Shawn,” my mom said calmly. “I’ll go call her mom to come pick her up. She is obviously frazzled from the fall. I told your dad when he built the swing set that something like this would happen.”
My mom came into my room after Allison had gone home to tell me that it was my touch that healed her, and my gift was only just starting to develop. It would get stronger in years to come. One day I wouldn’t just be healing broken bones, but also taking away illness and disease.
Years later, I was already on the right track to getting in the family business. Every course I enrolled in was for advanced students, especially the science ones. I knew I would need them in future years if I wanted to get into a good university and go on to med school. But I was only sixteen. Stressing over SAT scores and my next science exam were among my biggest worries. 
I was getting to the point where I hated school. Every day was like getting handed down a sentence for future years of enforced servitude. I begged my mom to home school me, but I knew she would never give up work to do so. My dad either. They were completely consumed by their work schedules and their patients. And even though I knew their work was noble and they were just trying to help out other people, I sometimes worried that they cared more about their patients than they did me. I tried telling them that I didn’t fit in at school, a mild way of letting them know that I was being bullied, but to no avail. Allison ditched me once we got to junior high for a cooler crowd and Lucas was my only friend in the world. He was the main reason I went to school. Surviving high school was bad enough, but I knew that both of us depended on the other to get through it.
I fit the bill of a science nerd really well. The frizzed curly hair and glasses were enough to entice torment in junior high. My mom wasn’t exactly around to teach me a few fashion tips either. She wore her scrubs everywhere, including going to the grocery store. It was a running joke in the family that neither my mom nor dad even owned a pair of jeans. I got the hang of a few things when I got to high school, having learned from the constant comments from other kids that I needed to dedicate a few minutes in the morning to how I looked.
I saved up some allowance money to get a flat iron to tame my unruly hair and some makeup. But the taunting continued. I swear, once a geek, always a geek in a teenager’s eyes. I was satisfied with having just Lucas for a friend though. I worked hard to make sure that our friendship lasted regardless of what happened or our differences.
I woke up on a typical Monday morning dreading the coming week ahead. Sundays were usually poisoned because I always feared the coming of Monday morning. I rolled out of bed and headed for the bathroom to take a shower and tame the beast that was my long red corkscrew curly hair. Or the mop as I sometimes liked to call it.
“Finally doing your own laundry?” I said to Gavin as he threw his clothes into the dryer.
“Oh, stop it. That’s not fair,” he said. I kicked him gently in the shins to let him know I was teasing. He came into the bathroom when I was done showering and dressed, spewing toothpaste all over the bathroom counter. 
“Having another bad hair day?” he said sarcastically.
“More like a bad hair life.”
He finished with his teeth and spit into the drain, naturally not bothering to clean it once he was done or even rinse it out.
“I swear the hospital’s food stays stuck in my teeth for weeks after eating the mystery meat they serve.”
“There are left overs in the kitchen if you want some for lunch today.” I usually cooked big meals in the evening so everyone could take what they wanted for lunch the next day. It was always me doing the cooking since I spent most evenings by myself. And when I say that I cook, I really mean that I throw things in a pot and go from there. That is the extent of my culinary skills. If mom and dad got home by the time I went to bed, it was an easy day for them at the hospital. 
“Thanks. I could use a break from hospital food.”
My neck was sweating from the heat of the hair dryer, causing my once dry hair to get wet all over again. I knew once I stepped outside into the cool Colorado air that I would get chilled from the drastic change in temperature, which would probably keep me in a constant state of frozen for the rest of the day. Just something else to look forward to I suppose. 
The school kept classrooms at freezing cold temperature, claiming it cuts down on the spread of bacteria during flu season. I still maintain that I shouldn’t have to bring a winter coat just to survive my lab classes, but the teachers were rather unsympathetic.
“Shawn, we’re leaving,” my mom yelled from upstairs. “Hurry or you’ll miss the school bus.”
I hadn’t actually seen mom or dad for two days. They were working around the clock. Yelling at me from the top of the stairs was the most contact we had in a while.
I grabbed my backpack and jacket and headed to the kitchen. I gave her a kiss on the cheek and went to make myself a quick breakfast before heading out. My dad was already in the car with my brother and ready to leave. 
Must be nice for the guys, with those quick five minute showers and a change into fresh clothes in the morning. They are ready to leave in a matter of seconds. Whereas we girls take forever by no design of our own. It takes ages to get my curly red hair to dry without it looking like I stuck my finger in an electrical socket along the way. And if I didn’t make this little effort, name calling undoubtedly would follow. Normally it was a comparison to a lion’s mane or something along those lines, but not anymore if I could help it. I always carried a small straightener in my bag in case I needed a touch up in the girl’s bathroom at school, along with some lip gloss, blush, eye liner and mascara. Then you always get the kids who call you vain or conceited because you wear makeup and take time to look nice. I swear, there is no way of winning. I get teased if I wear nothing and go with my naturally wild hair, and I get teased of I try to look nice. Damned if you do, damned if you don’t. Such is the life of women. 
I wrapped up in my jacket as I stepped outside to walk to the school bus. If I missed it, I was on my own getting to class. Mom and dad left before I did, so I was screwed if the bus got to my stop before I did. Then you get one of those lovely messages left on your parent’s voicemail about how you didn’t attend school that day and you were not called in sick. So you have an unexcused absence. Three equal a suspension.
I can’t say that I was thrilled when I caught the bus and got to school. The building wasn’t much warmer than it was outside. And it was only October. This was one of the only things I hated about Colorado. The winters were too long and the summers too short. My favorite part about the fall season was over, when the Aspen trees turned yellow and lose their leaves, making every road look like it radiated a golden iridescence.
It was always depressing as a kid when it got cold so quickly, because Halloween in Evergreen was never fun. It was too brisk to wear any cool costumes and mom had me wrapped in winter coats while I went trick or treating. Kind of takes the fun out of it when no one can see your costume through a jacket.
When I got my books out of my locker and shut it closed, a familiar face was there to greet me. 
“Girl, you need a trim?” said Lucas from behind me, reaching for a strand of my long hair to give it a closer examination
“Put it under a microscope why don’t you? And if I could get to a stylist, I would. Mom said she can’t take me until the end of the month.”
Lucas noticed how chilled I was even though I was sweating. “You didn’t go running for the bus again, did you? You should really take advantage of your parents leaving early and just stay in bed one morning. Lord knows you don’t need school, you remember everything.”
I kind of hated it when he talked about my grades, even indirectly. He was insanely jealous of my memory. I could look at something for a few seconds and have it memorized, even though it wasn’t exactly a photographic memory from what my dad told me. I already read most of the science textbooks and could recall everything. Which is not as cool as it sounds when other students start to notice your perfect scores. It resulted in torment. It was a sore spot for Lucas since his grades were less than stellar.
We started walking to first period together.
“If only I could. But I don’t want one of those phone calls from the front office telling my mom and dad that I skipped class.”
“You see, that’s your whole problem,” he said, taking his seat next to mine in the biology lab. “You need to let go of your fear of getting caught. You’re always so scared of getting out of your comfort zone.”
“I wouldn’t mind getting out more if I had a license and a car,” I said, reminding him that he was a senior, and I was a lowly sophomore without a license and no means of independent transportation. “Besides, why would I need to get out of my comfort zone when I’ve got you around?” I said sarcastically, imitating his high pitched voice.
“Speaking of getting out, Carter is having a party this weekend. And missy, you are going with me,” he said, snapping his fingers as if it were a fact and not a request.
“Only if you drive.”
The teacher walked in and we hushed our voices. Mr. Bryant wasn’t one of those teachers who tolerated any distractions once he waltzed in the room. I pulled out my science book and homework from the previous night, knowing that would be the first thing he requested.
Lucas continued talking in a quiet voice. “Soon you won’t even need me to take you around. You’ll have some hot boyfriend driving you everywhere.”
Lucas was determined to get me together with Carter. Not that I was against it. He knew that I had a crush on him for ages. Heck, practically since I saw him on the first day my freshman year. He was a senior, like Lucas, and completely gorgeous. That was enough of a reason for me to place him in the back of my mind. Guys like him, beautiful football players with reputation to uphold, didn’t normally bother with girls like me. They had a myriad of cheerleaders stalking them as well as a fan base lurking the corners of the hallway. And I didn’t want to be a groupie.
“I don’t know about that,” I whispered as I passed up my homework to the front.
“You are so full of it. Carter has been eye sexing you for the last month.”
I raised my head from my desk and glared at him beside me. I didn’t need him saying that kind of thing too loud.
“Why would I need a boyfriend when I’ve got you?” I said, trying to change the topic.
He moved his hand to his chest as if to say that he was touched, but then Mr. Bryant started class with his usual, “Okay, let’s begin,” the second the clock struck 8:15 a.m.
Other students teased Lucas all the time. I worried for him, fearing that the teasing might turn to something more serious. I didn’t care where Lucas’s affections lay, whether it be on a girl or a guy. But others obviously did. I was the first person he ever told that he more than just liked Christian Bale for his Batman movies. And I knew that unless Christian Bale personally asked Lucas to run away with him in the middle of the night that nothing could tear him from my side.
By the time the school day was over, I was more than ready to go home. Today was an easy day considering that I got through it without a major catastrophe or a snide comment from someone.
I walked down to the school buses and looked for mine, getting in line with all the others from my area of town and waiting for the driver to let us in from the cold. Not that the bus was any warmer.
A shadow appeared from behind me and said my name. I turned around and Carter was standing there, in his glorious tall frame and perfect physique. This was the first time he had spoken to me, and until that point I wasn’t quite sure if he even knew my name. 
I think half the girls around me were as shocked as I was that he was even near me. He seemed to hesitate for a second, not sure of himself and a bit nervous.
“Would you like a ride home?” he asked. I couldn’t summon my voice. So I nodded and followed him as he led the way to his car, a big Toyota truck. I turned back and glanced at the students behind me still waiting in line for the bus. News of this major development was going to spread around the school like rapid fire.
He opened the door for me, like a real gentleman, and got in beside me. Only when we were out of the school parking lot did he start talking. 
“So… do you have plans for this weekend?” he asked.
“Not really. I heard you were having a party.”
Something resting next to the center dashboard fell against my leg. He reached for it and placed it carefully in the backseat with one hand. I could see through the cloth case that it was a canvas.
“Are you in art class?” I asked.
“Yeah, that’s one of my paintings. Should have moved it before you got in. Sorry about that.”
“No, it’s fine. What kind of paints do you use?”
He looked a bit unnerved to share it, but the question was out there now. “I like acrylic the best.”
No way. My gorgeous crush had a sensitive and creative side he was hiding. This had to be investigated carefully.
“Really? How long have you been painting?”
“My dad showed me how when I was five or six and it just developed from there. He’s a glass artist.”
“Oh, wow. I didn’t know that,” I said, trying to sound genuinely impressed. And actually, I really was. There was more to him than just football, I knew that much. But to see evidence of it was special. I doubted that anyone else on his football team knew that. And from his expression, I knew he wanted it to stay that way.
“Actually, I have an art show on Sunday. You’re welcome to come. But that wasn’t what I was going to ask you.”
“Oh. Okay. I’d love to come. What were you going to ask me?”
He hesitated and turned onto the dirt road leading to my house. I had no idea that he knew exactly where I lived. I didn’t know whether that was creepy or extremely cool. I went with cool and just let him keep talking.
“If you’re not already coming with someone, do you want to hang out of me at the party?”
I think time slows down when girls get asked this kind of question by someone they really like. The throat thing was happening again. I couldn’t swallow, couldn’t move, and couldn’t speak for at least five seconds, which lingered on for what felt like forever. It probably only made him more anxious, poor guy. But the fact that he was nervous to ask me was so endearing that I started blushing.
“Sure,” I said softly. He grinned and looked at me for a few seconds before turning his attention back to the road. Then he did the unthinkable. He reached for my hand and held it between us. I didn’t care that this might be a bit too fast. Carter was holding my hand. And he had been genuinely nervous about asking me to the party. And to top that off, he wanted me to come to his art show. Then it hit me. I had no way of getting to the art show. Lucas could drive me to the party since he already suggested it.
“I might need a ride to get your art show though. I can’t drive yet,” I said weakly. I immediately regretted saying the last bit when it was halfway out of my mouth. I didn’t need to remind him that I was younger; assuming that he already knew he was asking out a sophomore. 
“That’s fine. I’ll pick you up Sunday around noon. Is that alright?”
“Yeah, that’s fine. Is it a county art show?”
He nodded. “Yeah, they are bringing in art from high schools all over the area. There are prizes and everything.”
“Well, I hope you win.”
When he made it to my house, and I was right, he knew the way there, he let go of my hand and didn’t drive away until I was safely inside my house. I felt my heart lurch out of my chest from beating so hard. I hoped he couldn’t feel my pulse through my hand when he held it.
Carter Peterson personally asked me to his party, and offered me a ride home in front of all the other kids waiting for the bus. I couldn’t even process how I felt about it. I knew that excitement would eventually wash over me, but I wasn’t even sure I would be ready for it when it finally came. Although I knew exactly who to tell. Lucas.
I reached for my cell phone in my bag and pulled it out to see I had a voicemail message on it from mom. She called to tell me that Gavin was on his way up the mountain to get me and to call her as soon as I got in.
“Mom?” I said into the phone when she picked up.
“Gavin should be there soon. You need to get down here.”
“Why?” I asked. “What happened?” 
“There was a six car pileup on I-70. Get ready right now.” That was code for she needed an extra healer on site to help with the countless people being admitted to the hospital. She and dad couldn’t handle them all when they got pulled into surgery from accidents. This was no new thing. It happened about once every few months.
“Is it that bad?”
“Yeah, it’s that bad. We already lost two people. Gavin didn’t have the afternoon shift, so he wasn’t there to help them when the accident happened. And if he had left later than he did, who knows, he could have been in the accident himself.”
The key to the front door shifted behind me. Gavin came barreling in and grabbed my coat. 
“Get in the car. I’m parked outside. Let’s go.” 
I wasn’t quick enough for Gavin. I could hear him getting irritated with my slow pace even when he was silent.
“Don’t slip on the steps outside. They’re covered in ice.” He grabbed me from under my shoulder to steady me so I wouldn’t fall and we raced to the car. 
When I got in I instantly started fearing for my own life. Gavin’s driving was enough to terrify anyone. I knew that came from driving the ambulance occasionally. He was used to having to get to places in a hurry. I only hoped that my being in the car with him counted for something as far as safety precautions were concerned.
“We’ve got to take 285 to get there. I-70 is still a parking lot from the accident,” he said. That wasn’t any comfort either, as 285 was not a highway you wanted to speed on. Even though plenty of people did. The entire road led down the mountain and into Denver. It was two lanes each way at high speeds and with nothing but hundred foot cliffs on the side and only but a two foot high railing to save you if your car went skidding off. Needless to say, I never liked taking it. And there was always the possibility of wild animals getting on the road.
It sometimes took an hour and a half to get to the downtown hospital on a bad day of traffic. On a good day, a little less than an hour. Gavin got us there in thirty five minutes. I was gripping to side door as if it would save me if we went spiraling off the highway. My knuckles were white as porcelain.
He stopped in front of the Emergency Room and I got out, running for the doors sliding open in front of me. As I predicted, mom was already performing surgery in the operating room. She hated when she had to do that. It was a waste of her time as she saw it because she could do so much more for a person if she just had them alone long enough to lay her hands on them. In surgery, with people all around watching and observing the operations, there was no such opportunity. She could only attempt to help the patient a little at a time.
There were five people in the back of the ER with my dad, who was treating the smaller wounds, and then the not so small wounds. A young kid had a piece of steel lodged in his leg. My dad managed to get it out even with all the operating rooms being full. There was no opportunity to put the kid under an anesthetic, but my dad worked quickly. The boy’s leg barely even bled as my dad removed the metal from his skin. The nurses were expecting him to bleed profusely as soon as my dad finished, but I knew better. My dad had his hand on the boy’s shoulder for comfort before he even tried removing the steel rod, helping the inside tissue to heal.
I turned around to find that Gavin was already gone, helping out an elderly woman on a gurney waiting for surgery. He held her hand and stroked her hair gently, watching her wounds mend as she regained consciousness.
“Hey, what’s the kid doing here?” yelled a male nurse entering the room.
I got out of there as fast as I could and disappeared into one of the back rooms, waiting for him to get called away or start working on a patient.
Someone grabbed my shoulder. I turned around and saw an elderly man lying on a gurney. I figured he and the woman were together. He was scratched up and bruised in many spots. His clothes were bloodstained and ripped in places from the car grinding against the pavement.
“My wife is going into surgery. Can you find out how she’s doing?” he asked.
There was a warm compress on his forehead. He reached his arm up to feel for whoever was there and I took it. 
 “I’ll ask the surgeon as soon as your wife is in recovery,” I said softly. “I’m nurse Cassidy.” A small lie, but he couldn’t move his head enough to see me. So who cares?
“She’s worse off than me. I told them to help her first. Her side of the car took most of the accident.”
I lifted up part of his shirt and saw the massive bruises cascading down his rib cage. I wasn’t a doctor yet, but I suspicioned that he had some kind of internal bleeding. It wasn’t serious or life threatening, but I knew I could do a little to help him.
I held his hand tight and traced the side of his face with my other hand, acting as though I was repositioning the warm compress on his forehead. I let him ease into my palm and he slowly started to relax. There was hardly any light in his corner of the room, but I could see the bruises gradually starting to fade. 
Taking the pain from him, I felt a slight tingle flow from my hand and deep inside my gut. It travelled up to my head before finally releasing. He was free of the pain. I took it from him.
He must have calmed down considerably as the pain subsided, because he was asleep when I let go of his hand and withdrew my other from his forehead.
I stepped away and peered back toward the scene around me. The male nurse was finally preoccupied and unbothered by my presence there. Two more people were awaiting surgery and another was being taken in. A few entire families were in those cars. The doctors were tending to the children as fast as they could.
I tended to the ones with minor injuries, offering them blankets and drinks so I might have the opportunity to touch them or gently give them a rub on the back or shoulder, taking what pain I could in the few seconds I was allowed.
A loud crash came from behind me and I skidded to the side of the large ER room. Another woman was rolled in on a gurney. My brother was guiding the paramedics to the nearest operating room, his hand on the young woman’s shoulder all the way there before he had to let her go to the available doctors and nurses.
“That’s the third one that wasn’t as bad as we thought she was,” one said. 
“Yeah, the rescuers had a hell of a time getting her out of the car. It was completely mangled,” said the paramedic. “She should have been much worse.”
“You were really lucky,” my brother said. She was barely conscious, but enough to know relief at the sound of Gavin’s voice, completely unaware that she wasn’t in danger anymore. She was safe and virtually unharmed. Or at least she was now thanks to Gavin.
My dad came out of the operating room and tossed his gloves into the sterile trash can. 
“You know, these kinds of occasions make me wish we still lived in the city,” I said. “Then Gavin wouldn’t have to come get me in case of an emergency.”
His face was a little guilt ridden. He knew what Gavin’s driving was like. “Sorry. Tonight was the exception, not the norm. We don’t get things like this all the time.”
“Is everyone alright now?” I asked.
“The paramedics lost a couple at the scene, but everyone else will be okay,” he said solemnly. 
“Then you did well,” I said, trying to reassure him.
“I’ll get Gavin to take you home soon. Have you had dinner yet?”
I shook my head.
“Okay, go downstairs and get yourself something.” He took some money out of his pocket and said he would have Gavin meet me downstairs. Looked like I would be settling for mystery hospital food.
I wondered down the steps in the back to the hall leading to the hospital cafeteria. It wasn’t often now that mom and dad let me help people in the regular hospital rooms. They did that themselves, thanks to my lack of understanding of my own ability. I wasn’t careful when I was younger, which caused my parents a lot of grief. Call it self-serving, but once I learned what I could do, it became a habit I couldn’t break. 
There was an incident when I was twelve that I couldn’t explain to anyone, nor could the patient. She was a beautiful Japanese girl, only a few years older than me. She came all the way from Tokyo with her family to ski in the Rocky Mountains. Everyone comes for our amazing snow. We are famous for having soft snow and wonderful mountains for sport.
On the way back to the airport with her family, they were hit head on by a drunk driver who swerved into their lane. She was the only survivor in her family. She was trapped in the car for hours as the rescue workers attempted to pry her out. There was a fire and she was horrifically burned. I remember my mom talking about her. Everyone could hear her screams from her bath treatments she had to have almost daily. People with these kinds of burns or physical ailments go by my mom and dad without being able to heal them entirely. If everyone sees them in the state they are in on the way to the hospital, it would be difficult to explain how they healed overnight. So mom and dad couldn’t do much for her. They had to try helping her in small and realistic increments.
Enter the idiot kid who thought she was doing a good thing. I found her in one of the patient rooms, asleep and on an intense morphine drip. A higher dose than I had ever seen. I touched her hand, and held her for nearly an hour, watching as the burns faded and her disfigured face gradually healed.
It was the longest healing process I had ever endured. But it was worth it. At least in my mind it was. My mom however was furious. She didn’t want to see that girl in pain any more than I did, but it was a risk when it came to exposing us. The girl’s disfigurement was well reported in the news. 
Mom filled out a death report and claimed that she was cremated. She was actually flown home to Japan in secret. Dad paid for it out of his own pocket and accompanied her. I don’t know how he did it, but he managed to swear her grandparents to secrecy.
For this reason, I can’t go see the regular in and out patients. I am restricted to the emergency room. It made me feel useless sometimes, like I wasn’t able to take full advantage of my gift when I could use it for something good. But nights like tonight helped me keep things in perspective. I may have been the odd girl at school (at least most days) but in the hospital I could be so much more. I still wasn’t seen, invisible like always. But I had a purpose.

Chapter 2
I tried drinking three cups of coffee the following morning to wake up, but I was still groggy. Gavin took me home around midnight and I was off to bed. I was still a bit shook up from what I had seen. I was no stranger to blood and I knew I needed to get used to that kind of chaos if I was going to become a doctor someday, but I was glad that day wouldn’t come for a while yet. I wasn’t fully prepared to see those kinds of things on a regular basis and then come home for dinner at night. Without the dinner part. Mom and dad were making it home less and less for anything other than sleep.
Lucas was mildly upset that I didn’t call him right away after Carter asked me to come to his party, and saw that this was proof that he was right about the whole “eye sexing” thing, which he knew made me even more uncomfortable. But this was quickly forgotten when I told him that I would need him to give me a ride there. He wanted me to go with him to begin with, so it was promising to be a good weekend. Or so I thought.
I walked into second period, which was unfortunately dance class. I had to take some kind of physical activity for my elective classes and dance was a better option than regular gym class. 
Afterward, I went into the locker room and heard everyone go silent the second I walked in, a clear sign that they were talking about me. I went over to my locker, refusing to make eye contact with anyone. Most of the girls in dance class were on the cheerleading squad or drill team and were much better dancers than I was. I was surviving if I managed to remember all the steps to each routine.
I opened my locker, and to my horror, there was nothing in it. Not my bag, my clothes, nothing. Yeah, they definitely heard about Carter taking me home. I was the nerd taking one of their men.
“Bet you think you’re hot stuff now, don’t you?” said Bailey, just inches from my face. She and Carter broke up the previous semester and I knew from the rumor mill that it wasn’t a smooth break up. She was still very possessive of him and I thought this might be coming. I didn’t answer her, but just looked around the floor of the locker room. I figured the trash can was the first place I should look.
A fist hit my shoulder blade from behind. I lurched forward into a group of lockers. The noise of my impact echoed from the walls. Now everyone was really staring.
“You do realize he’ll never keep you around,” she spat. “Why would he? Look at you. You’re still that pitiful girl you were in junior high.” She reached for my hair, but I blocked her. I went to the trash can and there was nothing but remnants of old paper in it. Lifting the trash bag out, I saw my stuff at the bottom of the can.
“Really original hiding place, Bailey.” Thank goodness my things weren’t in there long enough to start smelling. I brought my bag and clothes back to the bench and started changing as fast as I could.  She took my shirt from the pile and ripped it right in front of me, from top to bottom. She surprised me with her strength. The fabric wasn’t thin. I still had on my dance shirt, thank goodness. She would have to try harder to get it from my chest. I reached for my jeans before she could do anything else and got them on as fast as I could.
I took my bag in silence and ran for the door.
“Hey!” she yelled, grabbing my arm to slow me down. I don’t know what bothered her more, the fact that I was getting attention from her ex or that I was completely unphased by her antics. 
I honestly don’t know how she even had a spot on the cheerleading team. If I pulled half the temper tantrums she did, I would suspended all the time.
Her expensively manicured cat claws dug into my arm. I shoved her away and tried reaching for the door for second time. Two of her cronies blocked my way and thrust me back into her clutches.
“This can be damaging for you, you know. This is just the beginning if you don’t stop now,” she said up close and in my personal space. My nose ruffled up from the god awful stench of cigarettes on her breath.
“Nothing’s happened,” I said weakly.
“I know he drove you home yesterday. Everyone knows.”
“I don’t think the cheerleading squad qualifies as everyone,” I said, trying to avoid her as much as possible. Three girls from her squad circled around like vultures while everyone else just watched from feet away, frozen in place. “Although they might know now. You just announced it to everyone.”
“No one even knew who you were before yesterday. And I swear, I’m going to make you even more invisible than you were once I’m done with you.”
“Is that a promise?” I said. She obviously didn’t understand irony.
I did something that probably made her even angrier when she didn’t get it. I smiled. She was right after all. I had always been invisible in school unless someone was making fun of me for entertainment value. Until Lucas and I became friends, it did bother me. Now days, I figured I was richer than a lot of other people with having one amazing friend. And in that moment, I wanted exactly what she wanted. To be invisible. Bailey grabbed me by my hair causing a cry to come out of me and echo through the locker room.
“You think this is funny?” she screamed in my ear, and thrust me against another locker. My bag went flying onto the floor, getting my remaining clothes inside wet from the tracks of feet leaving the showers. Now I had to wear a wet jacket for the rest of the day.
A teacher must have heard Bailey hollering, because she stopped and went back to her locker like nothing happened in the blink of an eye. I bent over to grab my wet clothes and made my way for the automatic hand dryers to dry them off as best as I could before the bell rang warning everyone to make way for their next class. 
Our dance teacher came in and yelled about what was going on, and naturally no one said anything. It went quiet faster than it took for Bailey to get angry. 
I didn’t expect anyone to stand up for me. Just last year a few other cheerleaders were ganging up on me in the morning near the parking lot after the bus dropped me off. Something about how I wasn’t supposed to be standing so close to them and their posse while they were gossiping. I don’t even know what started it. But somehow I got pushed onto the ground as they started kicking me. Not enough to really hurt me, but enough to stop me from getting up. Hands shoved me back down the second that I attempted standing. 
One of my teachers walked right by us and saw the whole thing go down. Then simply walked into the building. That was when I realized no one was there to help me and I was on my own as soon as I entered the school. Sometimes even before.
I put on my soggy clothes and figured they would dry as the day went on. But I didn’t make it out into the hall before Bailey’s shoulder shoved me into the wall on her way out, muttering something about staying away from Carter. 
I told Lucas about it at lunch when he asked why I was carrying my jacket instead of wearing it to negate the cafeteria’s freezing temperatures. His fashion radar was on me as soon as I walked up to him in the lunch line.
“Word travels fast around here apparently,” I said softly.
“Bailey and her crew?” he asked, already knowing the answer. 
I nodded gently and grabbed a lunch tray.
“I wish I could help you in that area. But those girls aren’t just mean, they’re scary.”
“It’s okay. If anything really does get going with me and Carter, I might mention it to him on the sly. Maybe he can put a muzzle on her.”
Lucas laughed and followed me as I grabbed a sandwich and side salad. The food at school didn’t look quite as revolting as last night’s hospital menu, so I was excited by the prospect of a warm toasted sandwich over some gruel where the vegetables had been wilted down into some unrecognizable concoction.
Lucas and I went for our normal spot to eat lunch when I saw Carter enter and go sit with his football friends. I wanted to go over and sit with him, but I knew that Lucas would get hounded by Carter’s friends. Driving me home was one thing. Crossing cafeteria territory was another entirely. And then, as soon as the thought entered my head, Carter got up from his chair and headed straight for our table. Lucas’s jaw was on the floor and his fork froze in his hand mid-distance away from his mouth as he watched him come over. I glanced at Lucas and wasn’t sure if he was admiring Carter in his own way or if he was stunned by the fact that he was about to acknowledge our existence where the whole student body in the cafeteria could witness it.
“You guys want to come sit with us?” he asked. He didn’t just look at me, he looked at Lucas too. He was inviting both of us and not just me. This guy was winning me over with each passing second. If he was cool with Lucas, he was gaining significant points.
“Only if your friends are okay with it,” I said, motioning my head to the few cheerleaders and jocks sitting at his table. It was like getting asked to the royalty table of the cafeteria.
“Believe me, if I say you’re welcome, they won’t argue,” he said, his eyes taking mine in his.
I looked at Lucas who was starting to stand up to head over there. I reached for my tray when Carter took it for me, his other hand on the small of my back. 
Lucas followed behind us. I could feel his eyes burning through the back of my skull. He would be talking about Carter’s invitation for weeks.
We sat down and Carter introduced us to everyone.
“We know who she is,” said one of the girls. I knew she was friends with Bailey and word would get back to her very quickly. I wanted to believe that if Carter had my back, Bailey couldn’t touch me. But this was unchartered territory. I wasn’t about the turn down Carter’s invitation, even at the wrath of the cheerleading squad. 
‘He will be worth it,’ I thought.
Carter and his friends spent most of the time talking about practice and their upcoming football game. The team was apparently in need of some help. No one was in top shape yet and Carter was feeling a bit sore from all the drills the coach was making them endure.
One of Bailey’s friends, Lindsey, was starring daggers at me the entire time. I think Carter caught it at a couple points, which only prompted him to put his arm around my shoulder, drawing me in closer. 
For a split second I worried that he was using me to get revenge on Bailey, and maybe he was showing me attention on purpose so it would get back to her by the end of the day. But he cleared all those concerns when he offered to take me home again that evening, which I gladly accepted. There was something sincere in his voice when he asked me.
The entire way home, he held my hand on the center console again. I felt the warmth of his hand penetrate down into the folds of mine. I knew that my touch would heal him of any soreness the previous football practice gave him. He had to head back to practice after taking me home, and I wanted him to be prepared. If he knew what was good for him, he would keep me around. I could help him be ready for the games more than he would ever know, healing him from any injury he got as the weeks passed by.
I thanked him for the ride after school and reached for the car door handle. Before I could get away he pulled me closer. My hand was still locked in his. He leaned over slowly and kissed me on the cheek. Still a gentleman, but making it clear that he was as interested today was he was yesterday. If not more.
I got out and looked back at him watching me as I walked up the treacherous icy steps of the front porch. Once again, he didn’t put the car in reverse to drive off until I was safely inside my house. It was a good few minutes before I made it a few feet into the house. Once I shut the door behind me I was too stunned from the inside out to even move my feet forward.
Then, like clockwork, the image of Bailey’s enraged face came barreling into my vision, warning me of trouble ahead if Carter and I were ever to get serious. Heck, it didn’t have to. She didn’t like the mere idea of me being near him, or anyone else for that matter. I wondered if that was why he broke up with her to begin with. Maybe she was too possessive. 
I made a mental note to myself to never be that kind of girl. The one who watches every move her boyfriend makes. Men don’t like feeling controlled by their women. I may have been a beginner with guys, but that much I knew clearly.
I spent the rest of the week until Saturday steering clear of Bailey and her throng of minions, which meant wearing dance class appropriate clothes to my other classes and avoiding the locker room completely. Bailey shot me looks during dance class that could kill someone on sight. But Carter drove me home every day that week, and told me he was looking forward to seeing me at the party. 
Even Lucas was ordering me not to leave Carter’s side when he came over to get ready with me. He had my outfit planned for me before I did and was directing me around my own closet, telling me exactly what to wear and how to match it. I was hoping to get down to the mall and buy something new, but naturally I never got the chance. No one was around the house all week to take me anywhere.
Lucas pulled out a blue dress I had stashed in the back of my closet. The suede like material clung really tight to my figure and the v-neckline was really low, given why I never really reached for it. 
“This is perfect,” he said, admiring it on the hanger.
“I’ll freeze in that,” I said, obviously disapproving of his expert opinion.
“All the more reason for you to get close and cozy with Carter.”
I must have blushed a little because he was giggling at me as he started rampaging my jewelry box to find matching accessories. I knew him well enough to realize that this was exactly what I would be wearing that night. He would go ballistic if I changed a single detail. Until he chose the high heels I bought two years ago to go to a wedding of one of my mom’s hospital colleagues.
“Those will kill my feet. No way. I can’t wear them.”
“These are the only heels you have, and they’re black. Black goes with everything,” he said, insisting by tossing them in my general direction.
“I don’t even have inserts to put in them.”
He took the heels back in his hands and placed my hand on them to make sure I took them and him seriously. “These are what you are wearing tonight and I don’t want to see them leave your feet until I get you home. Swear it,” he said stubbornly.
“No.”
“Wear them!” he yelled.
I took them out of his hands just to get him off my back. I could put them in the car until the very last second before I got to the party, saving my feet as much grief as possible.
Lucas claimed that we must be fashionably late. Not that I would know that kind of thing. So I went along with what he wanted. I guess it made sense not to appear too eager.
We headed over to Carter’s sometime after 11:00. Mom and dad were working the late shift, thank god. Not that they would notice that I wasn’t home. They would be pouring what was left of their stamina into bed long after I got home.
As I predicted, I was freezing in the car even with my coat on. I didn’t strap on the heels until I got in, giving my feet a reprieve knowing that they would be in torment soon enough.
“Make sure you let him do most of the talking,” he said.
“Why’s that?”
“Jocks like to bang their own drum. You know that.”
“Actually there is a lot more to Carter than just his jock position in school. He’s a good painter. He has an art show tomorrow that he’s taking me to.”
Lucas turned his attention away from the wheel and looked at me like a new scandal had been brought to his attention. “When was this decided?”
“He told me earlier this week.”
“Did I, or did I not tell you that he’s into you?”
I had no choice but to cave. “Yes, you did. You called it and I was wrong.”
My phone cell started ringing in my clutch and I reached in to answer it. It was Carter.  How was his number in my phone? I didn’t remember him ever asking for my number either, but I officially didn’t care how he got it. Even though I suspected that Lucas might have slipped my number to him at some point without my knowing it. It seemed like something he would do.
I picked up expecting him to be a little upset that I wasn’t there yet.
“Hey Carter. Me and Lucas are on our way now,” I said.
“No, don’t come. Turn around now,” he said loudly. 
I could hear something going on in the background. “What’s wrong?”
“Someone called the cops. One of my neighbors busted us because the music got too loud. I gotta go.”
He hung up the phone before I could even respond. Bright red and blue lights blinded my vision in the reflection of the car window. Two cop cars went racing ahead of us as Lucas pulled the car to the side of the road, just a couple blocks away from Carter’s house. There was enough light from everyone trying to get away and their cars tearing out of his driveway for me to see what was going on from a distance.
“Oh shit, we have to get out of here,” said Lucas. He stopped the car and started turning around. 
My head suddenly thrust into the side window, breaking skin and leaving a gash on the side of my forehead. Someone was so anxious to get away from the cops that they hit us side on and kept on going. Lucas tried restarting the engine, but it wouldn’t come to life. 
“Son of a bitch!” he yelled.
My vision wobbled. The only thing I could make out was the sound of Jefferson County police sirens blaring and the panic of kids running all over the place, not realizing that Carter’s house was surrounded by a bob-wired fence. It blended perfectly into the background of Carter’s yard. The hazards of living in the mountains and near a cow farm. The sirens were followed by screams of students running into the barb wire without realizing it. Mom and dad would be at the hospital longer than they thought tonight with this lot coming in to get stitched up. If not worse.
Another cop car went passed us, trying to catch up with a few cars that took off, completely ignoring the fact that Lucas and I had clearly just been in an accident and that there might be someone like me inside, dazed, confused, and hurt. I opened the car door and got out.
“What are you doing? Don’t go out there,” yelled Lucas, trying to reach for my arm.
I needed to stand up and get my balance back. Being in the car was doing nothing for me.
When I was finally able to discern one tree from another just feet away from me, I realized how heavily wooded the area was. Most places in Evergreen were, but the darkness outside the car lights was definitely at fault for so many kids running into the barbed wire fence.
“Get back in,” I heard him yell.
Another car went racing passed us as a cop car came barreling in the other direction, neither of them regarding their right side of the road for the other to pass. From my view I could see that they were heading straight for a collision. And the car opposite the cop’s belonged to Carter. 
It happened as if it were in slow motion. Carter’s car struck the cop’s vehicle and went flying upside down in the air before crashing on its hood and into the trees lining the road. The cop car was virtually unharmed other than the officer’s air bag going off and the hood getting slightly dented. The sound of Carter’s car impacting against the trees penetrated deep into my ear drums and stayed there like it was happening over and over again.
I ran to his car as fast as I could in the high heels Lucas had conveniently chosen for me. I stumbled and fell to the ground. The trees were circling me like a carousel.
“No!” cried Lucas as he slammed against me from behind, dragging me back to the car.
“You don’t understand. I can help them. I need to get to them,” I shouted.
“You can’t help them. We have to go now!”
I wasn’t in good enough shape to fight him off. Everything was still spinning from my head hitting the car window. I was surprised the Lucas wasn’t hurt worse given that it was his side of the car that took the impact. That was until I felt him limping. I reached for his arm as he leveraged my weight inside the car, doing my best to heal whatever part of him that was hurt.
“Get me to Carter,” I shouted. “I need to know he’s okay.”
“Of course he’s not okay. None of them are.”
“What do you mean?” 
“I saw them when they went by. There were four guys in the car with him.”
I opened the car door and he slammed it shut, locking all the car doors before I could try to crawl out again. Lucas struggled to get the car started and somehow managed to get it going.
Two more cop cars were pulling up to see what had happened, completely forgetting the party or the kids hanging off the barbed wire fences, their cries for help littered the air from what had once been cop sirens radiating the cold dark night. 
I peered into Lucas’s rear view mirror to get a glance of Carter’s car, hoping to see a sign of life. There was none. I could see someone in the driver’s seat, half his body hanging out of the non-existent car door that had been ripped off from hitting the trees. I didn’t need to get up close and personal to see that it was Carter. He was already gone.

Chapter 3
I could feel my body trembling, but it wasn’t from the blow to the head or the cold. Lucas drove me home in silence, neither of us able to speak or take in what just happened.
A light from the sky descended down from the lower end the hill where my house sat. I searched outside the window to see a helicopter, brightly lit with the seal of the local news station on its side. The news crews were already reporting on the scene of Carter’s accident.
“Come on,” I heard Lucas say as he got out of the car and went to my side, yanking me out. I searched my clutch for the house keys knowing exactly what he was thinking. We went inside and turned on the TV, but I already knew what the reporter was going to say. All the occupants of the car were dead as a result of reckless driving and teen drinking. Which wasn’t true. Everyone was in a panic when a neighbor snitched on Carter. Over fifteen students were being rushed to the ER for injuries, which I knew pertained to the barbed wire fence surrounding Carter’s house. 
“That’s not what happened,” said Lucas. “The freaking cop was rushing down the center of the street over a blind hill.”
“But so was Carter,” I whispered softly, unable to summon my full voice.
I felt something move at the pit of my stomach and rushed to the bathroom, hearing Lucas stumble in after me. He grabbed my hair just in time, knowing exactly what was coming. I let everything loose in the toilet, my dinner and maybe some stuff from long before. I could hardly breathe or stand. My knees buckled out from under me and I felt my lungs take air in exasperated heaves, begging for a sign that I was still alive.
Lucas tried to hold me, almost like my insides would fall out if he didn’t wrap his arms around me as hard as he could without cutting off my air supply. 
I didn’t know Carter long enough to truly love him, but I had liked him for years. It was the greatest feeling of loss I had ever experienced. And the entire school would be feeling it with me. Our small mountain community was just rocked to its core, and everyone else wouldn’t know about it until the following morning.
Mom and dad never came home, pulling an all-nighter at hospital for obvious reasons. But they did call me to make sure that I wasn’t at the party. There was a sound of relief in my mom’s voice when I picked up the phone. She didn’t know about Carter. She didn’t know anything. We didn’t do ‘girl talk’ and I never told her about what was going on at school. I always had this feeling that anything that happened while I was at school was not a priority as long as I pulled down the necessary grades to one day get into college.
She wouldn’t know the level of grief I was experiencing, and most likely wouldn’t see it. I would have to go this one alone like everything else.
Classes were cancelled on Monday. Thank goodness. I was saved the agony of having to go to school and see people observing my reaction to Carter’s death like it was on the public radar. 
A memorial service would be held later Tuesday afternoon for the students to come and gather during third and fourth period. I would have no choice but to go. Even though I really didn’t want to. 
Carter’s parents would be there too. I couldn’t look into their faces. At least not yet. And I was still slightly angry at Lucas for pulling me away. I needed to get to Carter. Even though I knew in the back of my mind that it was too late. I never felt so useless. This was one thing my ability couldn’t fix. 
Tuesday morning was bad enough without the memorial service being that afternoon. I walked in to find students hugging and crying. There was a huge banner with Carter’s school picture from last year on it, along with pictures of the other three guys in the car with him, fellow members of the football team. There were a few with stitches on their arms all bandaged up, an obvious sign of who was tackled by the barbed wire fence. Others were still at home healing from their battle wounds of that night. 
The only reason I even went was to see Lucas. He was the only one in the world that could pull me up from the depths of sadness.
Mr. Bryant got up in front of the whole class during our lab, near tears. He told us that we were all special and we mattered, trying to do the adult thing and make us all grieve together and not turn against each other. But not even he could save us from lunch period.
By that time, I was ready to crawl into a bathroom stall and stay there the rest of the day. I sat across from Lucas as he tried his best to get me to eat some of his food, knowing full and well that I hadn’t eaten much since that night. Sometimes I thought he knew me all too well, even down to my eating habits when I was down. Or lack thereof.
“I have a proposal that I think you’ll like,” he said.
“What’s that?” I asked, scooping up a bite full of his corn just to get him off my back about eating. He sometimes nagged me about the little things that I often wished my mother had over the years.
“We escape from the building, drive back to my house and play video games all night. I’ll drive the get-a-way car.” 
I smiled at his attempt to get my spirits up a bit. It was sincere if anything. 
“Besides,” he went on, “the teachers aren’t going to assign us anything critical right now. They are as shocked as everyone else.”
“Yeah,” I mumbled, still stabbing at his food with a fork.
Lucas reached across the table and took my hand. I held it and gave it a tight squeeze, letting him know that I was glad he was there.
A familiar irritating voice interrupted us from behind. “Touching a woman for a change? Huh, fag?” 
It was Dylan. One of Carter’s friends and one I certainly never liked. He always gave Lucas a hard time, to put it mildly. I had it on my to-do list to ask Carter to get Dylan off Lucas’s back the following week, which obviously wouldn’t be happening now. This was the first time he had the nerve to throw some insulting comment at Lucas with me sitting there. Normally he targeted him when he was alone and defenseless.
“Get lost, asshole. No one’s in the mood today,” I said back.
“Gonna let your fag hag speak for you?” he said, shoving his knuckles into Lucas’s back. I knew Dylan was grieving just like everyone else. But he had a terrible way of taking it out on others. I guess this was his way of making himself feel better. Little did he know that Lucas had seen the entire thing happen that night.
Lucas got his remaining food and dumped it out in the trash. I followed him, trying to lose Dylan. No use. He came after us with a couple of his friends backing him up. He shoved Lucas from behind, trying to get a rise out of him.
“Hey, stop it!” I said a bit too loud. I didn’t mean to draw attention, but if it got a teacher involved and made him stop, it was worth it. Then I remembered my incident outside with the cheerleaders. It was times like these that I had to remind myself no one helps you in this school.
Dylan grabbed my bag and threw it across the floor, causing my lab books to go everywhere. Lucas went to pick them up and Dylan used his foot to smack him to the ground. Lucas caught his foot in time and jerked him down to the floor with him, getting back up faster than Dylan could grab him. But he wasn’t fast enough to get away from his other friends.
I swear all bullies must have a backup crew of cronies in the waiting should they need them. The two of them grabbed both of Lucas’s arms, like they were presenting him to Dylan for a sacrifice. I wasn’t about the let that happen.
I ran in front of Lucas before Dylan could deliver the first blow, taking it straight into my ribs and shattering my gut. I knew Dylan was strong from all the weights and the football team practices, but I really had no idea until I had the brunt force of his fist lodged deep into my stomach. 
A teacher finally saw what was going on and launched himself onto Dylan, throwing him backward. His friends took off like lightening, which was ridiculous. This is high school. The teachers know where you live, and where your next class is. Not that they would act on it. I was just surprised a teacher had actually tried to stop a fight for a change.
I was in a ball on the ground trying to recover from Dylan’s steel fist. Sometimes I wished that my healing abilities extended to myself. I could still get sick or injured.
The teachers had Dylan slammed into the cafeteria wall, his cheeks grazing the cheap paint. Lucas came up to me and tried turning me over, but my arms were securely locked around my chest. I tried gasping in whatever air Dylan had knocked out, failing miserably.
I never knew how strong Lucas was until he picked me up and carried me over to the nurse’s office. I saw when I went to his house earlier that month that he bought some weights and exercise videos. I guess he wanted to be physically prepared in case the situation with kids at school ever got more violent than it already was. I truly didn’t blame him for wanting to beef up a little bit.
As much as my insides were hurting from Dylan’s moment of stupidity, I wasn’t really that mad at him. I knew he was upset about Carter. But what a way to honor his memory? By beating up his likely future girlfriend? Or at least I’d like to think so. The thought made my eyes water as Lucas set me down on the nurse’s plastic covered treatment cot. Lucas assumed the tears were from the pain and I let him keep thinking that.
The nurse tried to get me to uncover my chest as my arms were still folded, but she would need a pair of pliers. I wasn’t moving.
“I can’t look at you if you don’t unfold your arms,” she said.
“Just call my mom, please,” I sputtered out. I really didn’t want my mom to come get me. I knew I would get a lecture about pulling her from work when it was critical that she be there. But I really just wanted an excuse to go home and hide under the covers.
“How hard did he hit her?” she asked Lucas.
“Hard enough to crack a rib or two,” he said.
“When is that kid going to learn?” 
Even the teachers were tired of Dylan’s antics.
Lucas stayed with me even though the nurse and the teacher who stopped Dylan came in and told him to get back to class. He basically told them both to screw off and that he wasn’t leaving my side.
“This girl just took a hit for me and you expect me to leave her in here alone? You’re dreaming,” he shouted.
“Raising your voice won’t help, son,” said a domineering voice from behind him. I could see that the vice-principal had gotten involved. Talk about a day of firsts.
“I am not your son. Don’t call me that. I’m not leaving until her mom gets here.”
The nurse allowed him to stay and forced the other teachers to get out. Maybe she was one of the few who understood loyalty between friends. I just admired that Lucas never got back in Dylan’s face. He always tried to get out of a fight unless he absolutely had to defend himself. This time they messed with me. That was why he knocked Dylan to the ground with him. But Lucas was outnumbered this time and he knew it.
As predicted, mom begrudgingly came and got me. Lucas offered to take me home, but in typical school like fashion, they didn’t allow it. Against school policy to just let kids go home or take their sick friend back to get some rest. There are always the few who abuse such privileges, thus we all have to suffer for it.
Once mom heard that a fight broke out and I took the hard end of it, she was actually genuinely concerned and took me home without much argument. She held my hand for a few minutes before taking me to the car, making sure that I was ready to stand and mostly healed before getting up to walk.
I got to miss the memorial service at school that afternoon, thank god. Everyone holding candles and looking at pictures of the deceased was definitely for the living. Not those who passed on. 
But there was one thing going on that evening. I heard through the whispers at school. One of the benefits of not saying much to anyone other than Lucas. I heard nearly everything. Carter’s family was holding a private service later on, just for family and close friends. And for some unexplainable reason, I wanted to go. 
Mom came into my room to check on me after she insisted that I lay down for a nap. To my surprise, she stayed home and didn’t go rushing back to the hospital.
“Will you take me to the service?” I asked her when she put her hand on my shoulder, not realizing that I was actually awake. 
“They don’t generally allow that kind of thing,” she said gently, nearly cooing me. Very unlike her. Was she catching on to my quiet grief? Disappointing for me as I was seeking discretion.
“I’ve known Carter for a long time, mom. I want to go.”
She nodded her head and agreed to take me. Even if I had to sit in the back, it would be worth it. I put on a simple austere black dress, nothing too flashy and headed for the car. She walked me into the church and surprisingly, I went straight in without anyone questioning my presence. I looked back at her waiting in the car and nodded, as though to tell her she didn’t need to come with me. She already agreed to pick me up in an hour.
I walked through the large wooden church doors and took a seat in the back where I would go unnoticed. The light piercing within the slit of the closed doors reflected all the way back to the end of the church, where Carter’s body lay in an open casket. 
I was prepared to cry, to introduce myself to a few relatives of his and explain why I was there. To pay my respects to anyone who needed them. But I wasn’t even remotely ready to look at Carter in the flesh one last time, especially since he wasn’t truly there in spirit.
I sat in the back of the church looking at the few pictures of Carter displayed up front. There were a few of his paintings and a senior photo of him catching a football in a game. I never went to one, but I knew the story of that catch. It was all any of the coaches could talk about in the halls for weeks after.
His parents were in the front row of chairs with their heads hanging low. His father was trying to be strong, the pain carved on his face. But his mother couldn’t hold back her emotion. She wept openly as the pastor started his sermon. 
I wasn’t really paying attention to what he was saying. I actually went into a slight daze from the shock of Carter’s body being right there for everyone to see. I would never understand why people had open casket funerals. I already had a horrible image of Carter’s body hanging upside down in his car. I didn’t need the image of him in a coffin as my final memory of his face.
I didn’t snap out of it until everyone got up and started forming a single file line several minutes later. They were going to say their final goodbyes to Carter in the casket. I stood up and got in the back of the line, figuring it was the right thing to do, even though it was really the last thing I truly wanted to do. 
Each person looked down at him one last time, one by one. Some gave him kisses on the cheek, others held their hand on his chest, and some just simply stared at him. I didn’t know what I was going to do. The idea of feeling his cold body wasn’t appealing, especially since the last time I had held his hand it was full of warmth and comfort.
As I inched up closer, I tried to avoid the gaze of others. I looked at the paintings Carter had done, displayed to the side of his casket next to an intricately flowered funeral wreath. There was a sandy colored painting. Monochromatic and beautiful. The image of a young girl with free flowing hair drifting along with a breeze. It was one of the most powerful paintings I had ever seen. Without realizing it, I wondered away from the line to see Carter and stepped closer to the painting. I looked at the girl in the picture and felt my cheeks go red. It wasn’t an exact resemblance, but I could definitely see it in the slight curves of her face. She resembled me. Not entirely, but close enough. Carter painted a picture of me without my ever knowing it. If I had known he liked me that much, I wouldn’t have waited so long for him to come around. Maybe he truly was as shy as I was. Hiding it day in and day out, forced to be social as a requirement of playing football.
The priest cleared his throat and I saw that I was the last one remaining there up in front of everyone. Carter’s friends and family, including a few members of the football team were there. No sign of Dylan, thank god.
I knew that I was the last one up there for a reason. It was my turn to go up to Carter and look into his eyes one last time.
I don’t know what possessed me to do it, but I wanted to feel his hand one more time. I didn’t need the warmth of his skin like I thought I did just a moment ago. I just needed to know the feeling of his skin against mine one more time. Even if his warmth didn’t come with it. 
I reached for him and placed my hand on his for a last goodbye. Hot tears swelled up behind my eyes and I tried to hold them in. I didn’t want to lose it in front of Carter’s parents, or the few members of the football team for that matter. Some of them knew Carter and I were on the edge of getting close. So maybe it wouldn’t appear too strange or unwarranted.
I looked down at Carter, his long eye lashes, his blonde hair, the tanned tone of his skin (regardless of the implausible feat of obtaining tanned skin with it freezing outside nine months of out the year). Not a pimple on his forehead or a sign that he was just a teenager. He looked more like a man than anyone else on the football team. And not just because of his demeanor, but in the way he carried himself.
All that was gone now.
I took one final squeeze of his hand and released my fingers from him slightly, but not before something shuttered in front of me.
For a split second, I thought the casket shook, and I felt a spark leave my hand and touch Carter. Then the unthinkable happened. I saw something I never expected to see again. Carter’s blue eyes. They opened right before me, and I let out a yelp a bit louder than I intended. 
The priest, his parents… everyone gasped. The sound of their combined shock echoed throughout the church walls and back into my ears, giving a strange vibration to the skin on the back of my neck.
He was alive. Trying with all his might to breathe, to take in a clear and steady gulp of air.
His mother screamed and ran up to the casket, knocking me out of the way and right onto my side. His father did the same, as did the priest. His friends ran up as Carter continued coughing and sat up right in his casket. 
Not many people get the opportunity to know what being in a casket feels like, and Carter now had the pleasure of attending his own funeral service.
He cried out for his mom and dad, who did their best not to kill him all over again by suffocation. They held him tighter than I had ever seen one human being hold another. Certainly much tighter than my mom or dad ever held me. One of the guys on the football team dialed on his cell phone for an ambulance. Probably a wise idea given that Carter was now the living dead. 
I caught a glimpse of Carter as I stood up. The scraps on his face from the accident were fading right before my eyes. They healed the same way other wounds did when I touched people. Only he kept healing after I was no longer touching him.
Had I done this? I couldn’t have. I can’t bring people back from the dead. He must not have been completely dead. But he would have been if he had no water or food and was in a coma for all this time. Or he would have bled to death from his injuries, which the coroner said there were plenty.
How could I have done this?
I did the only thing I could think of. And it wasn’t like anyone noticed. Carter was receiving all the well-deserved attention as of that moment. I ran outside the church and down a hundred yards away, calling my mom on my cell when I was far enough to feel some semblance of comfort.
“Mom?” I heaved into the phone, trying to gain back some air in my own lungs from running away so fast.
“Are you ready? Is the service over?” she asked.
“Not exactly. I need you to come get me at the corner of the street. I need to get out of here.”
“Don’t stress. These kinds of things are hard. I’ll be there in ten minutes. I’m just in downtown Evergreen.”
“No, mom. It’s not that. I think I did something virtually impossible.”

Chapter 4
I was going into a complete flop sweat by the time mom picked me up. And it wasn’t particularly warm outside. She opened the car door for me from the driver’s seat and I jumped in.
“Mom!” I yelled out as soon as I got close enough to her, and held her close.
“You’re trembling. What in the world, Shawn?”
“I think I did something bad. Not bad, I mean, something… I don’t know how I did it. Or even if I did do it. I don’t know what happened.”
She held onto my arms in an attempt to stop me from shaking and reached in the back of the car for a blanket. An emergency reserve we kept in all cars in case we ever got stuck some place because of a rapid snow dump. She wrapped me up tight and held me close to her as she got the car started.
“You have to slow down,” she said, sounding a bit startled herself. “Tell me in slow and complete sentences what happened.”
“I brought him back,” I said, my voice losing all signs of control and steadiness.
“What do you mean?”
“It was an open casket ceremony,” I said.
“Ugh, I hate those.”
“No, that’s not it. I went up to him, and I held his hand for a few seconds.”
“You didn’t have to do that. No one expects that.”
“Mom, just listen to me!” I hollered. She stopped the car on the side of the road, but kept the heat going.
“Okay, what? You have my undivided attention now.” 
I glared at her, not appreciating the sarcasm when I was clearly way beyond the point of panic. I went quiet and let the sound of the car running steady my breathing. She waited for me to summon the right words.
“When I touched him, he came back.”
Her eyes went wide for a second, trying to gain my meaning even though I couldn’t have been clearer.
“I touched Carter, held his hand for a few seconds. Maybe ten. I don’t know for certain. And he opened his eyes, mom. He woke up, like he was just sleeping this whole time. The EMTs announced that he was dead the night of the accident. Reporters on the news said he died instantly and that there were internal injuries so bad that nothing could have saved him. But I brought him back. I think when I touched him, I brought him back from the dead.”
My mom was completely still, like she had stopped breathing all together.
“Mom?”
She didn’t say anything, she just stared at me. It was like she was waiting for me to do something even more shocking or disturbing. There was fear in her eyes, something completely unknown to me. She never got scared. She was the only fearless one in the family. And for a split second, I think my own mother was afraid of me. Or maybe afraid or me.
She swallowed hard and finally spoke. “And everyone saw?”
I nodded my head.
She glanced off into the front window and didn’t look at me for a few seconds.
“You have to leave, Shawn.”
Out of all the things I expected her to say, immediate disownment wasn’t one of them.
“What?” My disgust penetrating through my vocal cords. “What do you mean I have to leave?”
“You have to go away for a while, or they will come looking for you.”
“Who will come looking for me?”
“E.S.C.R.O.”
I looked at her for a second or two, not understanding and waiting for her to explain. Each second she stalled made my heart start and stop erratically.
“It stands for Extreme Surveillance of Cellular Regenerative Occurrences. It’s an unregulated government agency. Why do you think your father and I worry so much about keeping a low profile? It’s why we sent that Japanese patient you healed back home so quickly. We didn’t want them bothering us.”
I allowed that to sink in for a moment. “You mean, there is a whole agency out there dedicated to watching us?”
“People like us, yes. We’re not the only ones.”
“That might have been useful information over the years, mom. I might have been more careful when you brought me to the hospital.”
“You didn’t need to know. At least not yet. It would only scare you. Our kind have been found before, and our abilities,” she stopped talking. Her eyes looked frantic. She put the car in drive and got back on the road.
“They might already be watching,” she said, her tone hushed and cautious.
“You sound paranoid, mom. How do they find others like us?”
“By hunting us down. They look for incidents like this. And they are very efficient. If they came for you, I wouldn’t be able to stop them from taking you away.”
“Away where?” 
She didn’t look at me. She just kept driving, and broke a few traffic laws while she was at it. “Just… away. Away from here.”
“What, so they can run tests on me?”
“No. Worse. They keep others like us in reserve for times of war. But now, with pharmaceutical companies gaining so much influence, it’s more likely that they would keep you locked away. Or any of us really, so the public won’t find out about us. Bad for business if the general public knew there are others who can heal the sick instantly and there was no longer a need for medications.”
She got me home faster than I have ever seen her drive in my life. Rushing to my room, she pulled out one of my old duffel bags from under my bed.
“Start packing,” she said.
“You can’t just throw me out the door, mom!” I screamed, fear turning into hysteria. I started crying and backed up into the corner of my bedroom, my hands tight across my face as I dry heaved and felt my insides starting to churn. The lump in the back of my throat was ready to burst open and my mouth went dry.
“I’m not throwing you out. I’m going to buy you a plane ticket with cash and give you all the money you’ll need for a few days. Then I’ll come join you.” She reached for my arms and tried to calm me down. But the damage was done.
“Oh my god, what did I do?” I cried into my hands.
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” she said. “Nothing could have prepared you for this. Not even me.”
I opened my eyes and looked up at her sternly. “What do you mean ‘prepared me’?” 
She shifted in her shoes, the uncertainty coming across through her body language. “Your ancestors have been able to heal others with their hands for hundreds of years. You know that. But once in a while,” she hesitated, and I could sense what was coming. “Once in a while the gene is magnified. Someone of your abilities is born maybe once or twice a century.”
“Magnified? I don’t understand,” I whispered, feeling my throat getting hoarse from yelling at her and crying too hard all at the same time.
“Every so often, a healer is more than just someone with the ability to help the wounded or the sick. He or she can raise the dead, if the person who died has only been dead for a few days.”
“How do you know this?” I asked.
“Because your great aunt Charlotte had it too. Escro called her a Sanatore.”
If I could step back further away from her, I would have. But the corner of my bedroom kept me paralyzed from getting away. I didn’t want to touch her and I didn’t want her to comfort me. Why break a winning formula of neglect for so many years only to deviate now? I just needed to get away from her. I couldn’t stand the mere idea that she kept all this from me. It was demeaning, demoralizing, and insulting. Whether she thought she was protecting me or that she could shield me from something, even if she thought I was too young to handle it, was no excuse. She could have protected me much better by telling me. I would have been more careful over the years had I known all this. All I knew now was that it was too late.
“Pack enough to last you a few nights in case dad or I get delayed meeting up with you?” she said.
“Where am I going?” I asked weakly.
“I don’t know. The first flight we see on the departure board I imagine. We just need to get you as far away from here as possible.”
“And you and dad will come with me?”
“We’ll need a day to get things in order here, but yes.”
“Get what in order?” I asked, not really wanting an answer. I was too terrified to care about what else she had to take care of. What could be more important than this current fiasco?
“We need to get certain affairs in order, gather enough money, and get Gavin to come with us.”
“So we’re all going?” I asked.
“Yes. We are all moving. We need to disappear. Don’t touch anything other than what you need. A few items of clothing. That’s it. Nothing familiar. We need to look like we disappeared. If police or Escro come through here, we need it to look like we vanished without a trace. Not a single item in your room can be moved. Do you understand?” 
I nodded my headed, allowing the tears coming down my face to fall freely. I couldn’t look directly at her. I was too shocked from the new reality presented before me. I wasn’t going to get a chance to say goodbye to Lucas. I would never see Carter and make sure he was okay. Evergreen, my home all my life, would soon be a distant memory. 
She walked upstairs to get me some water, then continued packing a few things for me. I was clearly unable to do so myself. I was still in the corner of my room. Only now I was huddled into a ball on the floor. This wasn’t me trying to get my mom’s approval for seeing an R rated movie or asking her if I could date a senior. This was me making a trip to god knows where all by myself, not knowing a soul, and completely unaware of where I would be in the next twenty-four hours. Not to mention leaving my family behind in potential danger. If I got away and they didn’t, I would never forgive myself.
I was lost in my own sea of thoughts as mom started going over a few key rules. 
- Don’t talk to anyone. 
- Try to look down at all times so cameras can’t catch a glimpse of your face. 
- No phone calls. 
She stuffed the cash from her emergency reserve in my duffel and handed me a hooded jacket. She got me changed into a pair of jeans and boots, then stepped back to look at her work.
“Put your hair behind you inside the jacket,” she demanded. 
I stuffed it inside the hood and waited for her to give her approval that I looked like I was generally up to no good, as all teens wearing a hood in the state that I was in generally do. It wasn’t my idea of an airport outfit. But apparently this was how people dress when they don’t want to stand out.
“Do I need to change my hair color too?”
She scoffed and led me to the car with the duffle bag in hand.
“Don’t try calling us when you get where you’re going,” she said when we were out of the front door and headed up the driveway. I looked back at the house I had known for the past 16 years, realizing that it was the last time I would ever see it. I expected to start crying again, but by this point I was completely numb. My eyes were completely dried out.
I wanted to ask her why Escro was so interested in us, but it became apparent as we drove down the mountain and toward Denver International Airport. The thing with the pharmaceutical companies that mom was talking about made sense. Being able to cure disease or take away any kind of pain was something everyone in the world would want. They would probably exploit my abilities for any use they could find.
I didn’t recognize myself in the window’s reflection looking back at me. I tried to remember every detail outside as we rushed away. The changing color of the Aspen trees, the fresh and cool mountain air, the way the mountains looked with just a touch of snow frosting the Evergreen and Conifer tree branches. I knew at that moment that I took Colorado’s natural beauty for granted my whole life. And I wouldn’t know to what degree until I reached whatever place I was headed for. Lord only knew what it would look like.
“What happened to Charlotte?” I asked. My voice was foreign and gravelly from crying so hard.
“Your grandmother said that she was taken away when she was about your age. Escro came by and said her services were needed in the war effort, and all young and able ladies were required to report to a facility downtown for the shop work building war machinery. It wasn’t until she got there and realized she was the only one that she had been deceived. She tried getting home a number of times and managed to send letters on occasion through various sources letting her family know she was alive, but they were sporadic at best.”
“How do you know she could raise the dead?”
Mom still couldn’t look at me as she drove. She just stared ahead. I turned my gaze back out my window, angry for her lack of keeping me informed on all of this.
“Because she brought back your grandmother. She was killed in an accident, and her sister, your great aunt, brought her back days later. Just know that being a Sanatore is rare. Extremely rare.”
“How could you think it wasn’t important to tell me? That there is a whole agency out there dedicated to kidnapping people like us? And don’t say you didn’t want to scare me, because that’s no excuse.”
She was white knuckling the steering wheel and definitely speeding. I didn’t think it was a wise thing to do granted we didn’t want to get pulled over by the cops, who speed trapped 285 practically every few miles down the mountain.
“It’s complicated,” she said.
“Then dumb it down for me so the child in the car can understand,” I said, letting my irritation be as blatant as possible.
She hesitated. I wanted to yell at her, but I knew my aching vocal cords wouldn’t allow it. 
“Your dad and I,” she stopped, clearly fumbling with what to say, or possibly trying to decide how much she should reveal to me. “Your dad and I work for Escro.”
Every part of me that was previously numb went ballistic. I could feel my heart rate going faster through the veins in my forehead, giving me a massive headache. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know more now. But I let her keep talking. If anything, it would fill in the dead space of silence between us.
“They found us when were first had you and Gavin. They wanted to take you two away from us then, and lord knows they tried. The week Gavin was born, they had doctors attempting to switch him with another baby, thinking we wouldn’t notice. Your dad got wise of what they were doing and went to them instead of them having to maneuver around us. Then we made a deal.”
“What kind of deal?” I demanded.
“Research and services for immunity. That’s why your father and I have virtually no life outside of work. If we ran tests on others like us and helped to cure anyone they brought to us, officials, agents, anyone of high government caliber, then we would be immune from the testing and the abuses.”
“What abuses?”
She bite her lip. Needles were starting to poke me in the pit of my stomach.
“They experiment on us, Shawn. They kidnap us, isolate us, keep us drugged and run tests on us. And those are the lucky ones. Others are shipped to war zones like Afghanistan and are forced to heal all the wounded soldiers.”
“That doesn’t sound like a bad alternative to me,” I said.
“That’s because you don’t know the implications of your particular ability. You’ve never touched a dead body until today so there is no possible way of you knowing.”
“Knowing what? For god’s sake. Just tell me without speaking in code.”
Now it was her turn to yell. Although she didn’t need to. Her voice was naturally powerful and booming without a modicum of effort. 
“When you bring people back from the dead, they are not their true selves anymore,” she hollered. “They change. We know this from our studies and reports of the few other Sanatores in existence.
“When you bring someone back from the dead, you enhance their natural qualities. If they were good, they become even better people. If they are evil, or natural born killers, they are vicious. That’s why they will want you. They’ll want you to heal their soldiers who are the most efficient in battle so they can create better soldiers. They want to enhance armies so our Homeland Security defenses will be impenetrable.”
I was stunned. I didn’t have words. One thing was clear to me that wasn’t a few minutes ago. This was why mom and dad were never home and I practically raised myself. I read Roald Dahl’s ‘Matilda’ a dozen times as a kid because I felt like I could relate to her so much. Maybe not the telekinesis part so much, but Mathilda’s parents weren’t there for her, emotionally or physically. And she had a special abilities just like me. Only Mathilda was never hunted down by the government. Just a psychotic school principal.
One more thing was clear that I didn’t realize until that moment. My parents, maybe, just maybe, weren’t good people. I always thought they were noble, a bit neglectful, but all around caring souls treating the sick and injured. And doctors are almost never home. But working against their own kind for personal benefit was definitely on my list of wrong things to do. Regardless of what or who they were trying to protect.
 After buying an airline ticket to Chicago, I let her walk me to security, unable to speak or acknowledge anything going on around me. She kept talking about how she would find me in a few days regardless of where I went. She knew how to track the new passport she was giving me. And she apparently had connections that I was unaware of that could help us along the way.
I had been through airport security a number of times, but this was definitely my most intimidating encounter. I looked at the line growing slightly longer as I stood there in front of her, waiting for some last minute advice or instruction. But I don’t think she knew exactly what to say. She handed me the duffle bag and embraced me. Again, very unlike her. That scared me. It was as if she wasn’t truly certain she would see me again. Meaning everything she said about joining me might not even happen. In fact, it could very well be a lie. I didn’t like knowing that my mother could conceivably lie to me as easily as she could keep secrets from me. 
I tried to hug her back, but I was furious, scared and going into a slight state of visible shock. I couldn’t hug her with the same fortitude which she held me. I knew as soon as she pulled away that I would come to regret not pulling her in tight for the rest of my life. It was likely my last opportunity.
She let go abruptly, like it was too painful to look at me any longer, and walked away without looking back. I was halfway through the security line when I saw her watching me from above the staircase.
I stepped forward and handed the security personnel the new ID mom gave me. She asked me routine questions and thank god I memorized everything just by looking at the ID once. Otherwise I may have been screwed before this venture even started. If they had checked my pulse, it would have been a clear give away that my insides were screeching in terror.
My name was Violet Blake. I was 18 years old. And according to my new ID and passport, I was relatively well traveled for my age.
I did the basic routine, took off my shoes and jacket, then made my way through the metal detector that looked more like a radioactive machine conveyer belt for humans and collected my belongings at the other end.
I slowly walked over to the escalator leading down to the trains going to the different gates and peered back up at my mom watching me, watching her. She didn’t smile, and didn’t wave. She just watched me.
When she finally disappeared and I was gone, descending down to the trains, I felt like my body was being lifted away by the crowd of people behind me. There was no need to force my feet forward. People eager to grab their train to the gates pushed me along. I pulled the hood back over my head, and kept my face down exactly as mom instructed. 
The train took off to my gate. With every hundred feet it gained, I felt further and further away from everyone I knew. And once I sat on the plane and got into my seat, I started crying all over again. I got a window seat and stared outside so no one would see me tearing. I didn’t think that I had any water left in my eyes, but apparently I did. 
I wanted to see Carter. I felt as though I was being punished for giving him back his life. I wouldn’t reverse what happened for the world. Because of me, Carter had his life back, his parent’s had their son, and his friends had an even better version of Carter than the one that left them. A genuinely good human being.
And I was left with a lesser life. A changed life. The life of a runner.

Chapter 5
Langley, Virginia 
Liam gazed hard into the wall sized monitor in front him. His eyes throbbed from behind his clear framed glasses. Taking them off, he rubbed his eyes until they ached from the pressure of his fingers.
“What have you found?” asked a domineering voice behind him.
“We know she’s moving,” he said.
“By what? Plane, train, bus?”
Liam took a moment to look back at the screen before turning to his superior. Isaac was a good head taller than him, but Liam wasn’t intimidated in the slightest.
“By plane. We are examining the footage from DIA as we speak.”
“Do it faster.”
“How long have you had surveillance on the Cassidy family?” he asked, knowing that hardly anyone ever asked Isaac a question.
“They have always been on our radar. But today seems particularly interesting, given the footage you received from their house today. We think the daughter’s ability may have intensified, correct?”
Liam didn’t answer. Isaac had been given a briefing already and he didn’t feel like reiterating everything for him.
“The girl is planning to run, her mother packed her things,” Liam finally spoke again after a lengthy silence.
“And we have a team already set up at their house to intercept her mother when she comes back to the house, correct?”
“If she comes back, yes.”
“The GPS devices are on all the vehicles?” asked Isaac, once again knowing the answer but wanting absolute clarity that the installation team had done their job as promised.
“Which is why we know she is traveling by plane. The mother’s car went to DIA and she is on her way home right now. Her husband is closer to the house. We will pick him up first.”
“And the other kid?” he asked.
Liam nodded his head in response. “We already have him. He’s on route to the airport for a separate flight straight to Langley. As per your instructions.”
Isaac appeared satisfied. He turned to walk out of the observation room. Liam followed behind him, intending to pick his brain a little more. He had only been given clearance to observe persons of interest within the last month of his new position in this particular project.
Interrogations had already started and Liam was sending orders to officials in Denver. They questioned the coroner within the last hour and confiscated his records to ensure that his report on the football kid’s death was accurate. Getting innocents involved was the worst part about the job. And he was already prepared to smack Isaac for his increasingly abysmal orders.
“How long before we intercept the girl?” Liam asked, talking to Isaac’s back.
“Depends on if she gets on an international flight and if you tell me where she went in time to grab her.”
With that Isaac disappeared into a meeting room with six inch thick bullet proof glass walls and shades so black that no one could see in or out. Liam was shut out and forbidden from these secret meetings, his clearance didn’t go beyond where he was standing. He turned around to go back to the observation room.
There were over six separate cameras displayed on one screen. Two in Denver International Airport, two inside the Cassidy’s house, and two observing Gavin Cassidy, sitting inside one of their interrogation rooms. Gavin was visibly tapping his foot nervously on the floor, unsure of where he was or how he got there. One of their men in the field picked him up in a dark SUV as he had been walking into work at the local hospital and discreetly injected him with a strong tranquilizer, catching him before he hit the floor and stuffing him into the large vehicle. He was immediately flown to Langley and placed in the room sitting before Liam. And it was his lovely task to get answers out of him.
***
“Mr. Cassidy?”
Gavin turned his head upward, trying to get the foggy haze to dissipate from his vision, and still struggling after six hours.
“Don’t be alarmed,” said Liam, pulling out his chair across the table from Gavin with a loud screech. “This is all standard procedure for your kind.”
“My kind?” he said, clearly still confused by the intensity of his situation.
“Yes. People of your abilities are generally kept in restraints so they don’t panic.”
“That makes total and complete sense. Nothing like a pair of handcuffs to make someone stop freaking out.”
Liam rolled up his sleeves and looked through the file before him, trying to think on what he should start asking Gavin first. Normally people of his abilities were interrogated by someone above his rank, but this was an exception. No one was expecting the girl to blow her family’s entire cover that particular day. But then again, they always thought their cover was relatively safe until it wasn’t.
“Let’s start with a few routine questions, Mr. Cassidy. How many people would you say you’ve healed over the previous year?”
Gavin did his best to look a touch perplexed by the question. “I’m a paramedic. I do the best I can. Healing is the doctor’s job.”
“Yes, I realize that you probably notify your parents at the hospital of those who are worse off. We have records of all your cell phone activity here to prove it.”
Gavin glanced at the file nervously and back at Liam. “Why would you be interested in my cell phone records?”
“I’m not. I just wanted you to know that I have them in case you were considering playing dumb. You could make this easier on yourself and just tell me the extent of your reach to patients and approximately how many you have healed over time.”
“I’ve treated hundreds of people.”
“I don’t mean the people you inject with an IV and resuscitate. I mean those you have saved when they were an inch from death. Those who would otherwise die if you weren’t there to lay your hands on them. They say your kind have the touch of god here on Earth. Maybe you could prove that to me and we could save ourselves a lot of this nonsense.”
Gavin looked around like he couldn’t believe any of this was happening. “Where the hell am I?” he demanded. “This is kidnapping for god’s sake.”
“Kidnapping is when someone who doesn’t know you takes you away from your home. We however, have known you longer than you’ve known us.”
Gavin’s temper was rising. His line of work required a calm and cool sort of reserve. Liam was putting him to the test. 
Liam got up from his chair and opened the door at the corner of the interrogation room. Inside came someone Gavin couldn’t immediately see from the dark hallway outside the room, but when the man came into the harsh light of the small enclosed space, Gavin could see him clearly.
“Dad?”
“Can I have a minute alone with him?” he asked. His eyes were straight forward and directly on his son.
“Just know that we are listening.”
“You won’t hear anything you don’t already know. He on the other hand,” he said, motioning toward his son, “doesn’t know what’s going on.”
As he walked closer to Gavin, he could see his father’s face had a large gash going down his cheek and into his lip. It had been treated and stitched up sloppily. Gavin immediately knew what they would be watching for.
Liam left the room and Gavin starred at his father as he sat down before him.
“You’re better off co-operating. We tried to shield you from this as best we could,” he said solemnly.
“Shield me?” Gavin yelled a bit too loud.
“Keep your voice down,” his father said.
“What’s it matter? That guy already said they were listening to everything.”
“Because how you behave now will affect everything.” 
Gavin managed to keep himself mildly together until this point. His father saw the sudden change in his eyes.
“Dad, what’s going on? Who are these people?”
“They keep an eye on people like us, Gavin. People who can heal others with their touch. They know about us. They always have.”
He took his son’s hand in his. Gavin tried pulling away, knowing that those watching through the blackened window panel opposite the table would be looking for exactly this. When he felt the urge to heal the scratch on his father’s face. He didn’t let Gavin break his hand away. He held it firm and tight. Gavin watched as the bloody streak on his dad’s face rapidly healed before his very eyes, and knew that there was no hiding it now.
“This is very serious, Gavin. You must know that. If you don’t do exactly what they ask, they’ll put you on a gurney for the next decade and prod you with needles, thinking they can synthesize your blood and experiment on you. Or they might think you are not worth the trouble and kill you. If you co-operate, they’ll let you continue helping people. Forget about our life in Colorado. That’s done now. They are going to take you away from here, to some unknown location, and give you a position. I don’t know what or where, but I do know that if you don’t do everything for them, they’ll do much worse to you.”
“Where’s mom? And Shawn? Do you they have them too?”
His father sighed and hung his head almost in shame before looking back into his son’s eyes. “They have mom. They always had us. They found us ages ago, Gavin. It’s by their hands that we were permitted to live in the shadows for as long as we did. But that’s done now.”
“Why? Why is it done? What happened?”
“Shawn became a Sanatore.”
“What’s a Sanatore?”
His father was anxious. Gavin could see it. Something had happened to Shawn. He didn’t know where he was or what was going to happen to him, but he knew in that moment his baby sister was in extreme danger.
“A Sanatore is someone whose natural abilities are magnified. To the extreme. Do you remember those kids from the high school that died in a car crash the other night?”
Gavin nodded his head.
“Your sister attended one of the funerals. From what they tell me, she touched the boy in his casket.” He stopped there, hoping his son would be able to connect the dots on his own, but Gavin merely glared at him with earnest perplexity glazed over his face. “Your sister healed him. She brought him back from the dead. It’s rare, but Sanatores are born a couple times a century. We made a deal with these people that as long as we healed those they asked us to, kept to ourselves, and if our children were not born Sanatores, then we could maintain the life we created for our family.”
“Where’s Shawn, dad? What are they going to do with her?”
“I don’t know, Gavin. I doubt we’ll see or even hear from her ever again.”
***
Shawn
I couldn’t tell you what Chicago looked like from the air. My eyes were so tired that I shut them to give the impression that I was asleep for most of the flight there. I exited from my gate and found the departure board at the entrance, trying to see the next flight I could get on in conceivable time.
The only one I could make, (and I would have to run through security), was to London. I would have to hurry. But it was my only option. I bought the ticket in cash and gave the ticket lady my new passport with Violet Blake as my name. I then bought a return flight that I never intended to use just to make sure that I wouldn’t get in trouble with customs. Once again, directly by mother’s previous instructions. The clerk printed my ticket. Then I was off and away, getting through security faster than I thought possible and getting on board the flight just as it was closing.
This was my first time being out of the country, at 16 (even though my passport said 18), and I was doing it alone. I hoped that my mom was able to track everything as she claimed she could. But the feeling that I would be alone longer than I originally thought chewed away at my insides.
I had a seat in the center of the plane between two other people. My legs were cramped from the previous flight and I doubted that the hours before me would set any better. I watched through a far off window as the building lights lit up the night sky, flickering in the distance as we took off. Exhaustion took over me, and even though my body was beyond tired, my mind wouldn’t let me sleep. I shifted around in my chair uncomfortably. I wanted to walk around through the aisles a bit to give my stiff legs some relief, but they were hurting from the run I just made to catch the flight. Then they started to stiffen from the cramped seats. An inevitable circle of discomfort. Plus I had people on either side of me, making it difficult to get perfectly situated. They were fast asleep and I didn’t want to wake anyone up. The thought of drawing attention in any way still lingered in my subconscious as a bad idea. Even if it did just involve walking around the aisles.
The windows were dark and almost everyone had shut them with the sliding blinds. I felt the plane jerk slightly as we turned. The left side of the plane dipped down low and back up as if we were trying to miss something in the air in front of us. Then it occurred to me, we weren’t trying to miss something. The air pressure changed and a popping engulfed my ears with relentless force. We were turning around, headed back to the U.S. I checked my monitor before me. We weren’t even an hour from the U.S. east coast line and probably still in U.S. territory over the ocean.
“Ladies and gentlemen, I’m afraid I have some bad news,” the pilot said over the intercom. 
Every single horrible and unimaginable thought entered my brain. What if they found me? They knew where I was, they knew exactly where I was going, and Escro would intercept me the second they got the chance.
“There’s a storm up ahead of us and we are going to have to fly above it for the time being to make a weather window. Shouldn’t be more than an extra half hour, but we are being re-routed as we speak.”
I sighed with relief, knowing full well that it was too soon to have any consolation as of yet. That could be a lie and we were really headed back to the U.S. The fastened seat belt sign was still up, but I suddenly felt the urge to spill everything residing in my stomach, which was nothing because I hadn’t eaten since god knows when. There wasn’t time to eat at O’Hare in Chicago and I was starving. Anything I puked would be nothing but bile.
The rules swiftly abandoned my level of concern and I went back toward the seated area for the flight attendants.
“The pilot has the fasten seatbelt sign on, madam,” said a beautiful English woman. She was the first English person I had ever seen or heard that wasn’t in a film. I took a second to admire her soft features and elegant accent before speaking up, much to her displeasure.
“I know, but I am so nauseous. I didn’t have time to eat because I was late for the flight. Do you have some crackers I could eat really quickly? Otherwise I think I might be sick.”
She politely nodded her head and got out of her seat. Reaching inside her treasure trove of nasty airplane food, she grabbed a couple small packages of crackers and a Ginger Ale.
“This should help your stomach, love,” she said. I glanced down at her bare arms. They were covered in a rash. I had seen enough pictures in my dad’s case study books to know that it was some kind of psoriasis. I took the crackers from her and held onto her hand for a few more seconds than necessary to say thank you and went back to my seat, hoping that small effort of contact would help her ailing skin.
By some miracle, I managed to fall asleep for a few hours only to wake up thirty minutes before landing. My stomach finally calm, and my aching body lulled into submission was crying out in agony as I tried moving it again. I had to physically grab my head with my hands and move it further up to a straight position. My neck was so stiff I couldn’t move it without help from my hands.
We landed early in the morning, sometime around 6 a.m. for London. The walk from the plane to customs and immigration was the longest walk in the world. I peered out the windows to get a sneak peek at my new environment. Nothing looked too different from any other landscape I previously came across, but the day wasn’t over yet. I tried thinking over where I would stay, where I would hide, or how I should go about staying under cover. I imagined somewhere in the country, but this was a foreign land to me. I didn’t even know which direction to go in to get to the countryside. And train stations would only have more cameras and more of a chance of getting caught.
I kept my head down throughout security and immigration. The woman asked me questions I didn’t know the immediate answer to, but I winged it as best I could. I was a tourist, and I had the return flight to prove it. I wrote down a bogus address for where I was staying and claimed it was with a friend. I hoped that would suffice, and somehow, it did. If there was something to worry about at any point in the entire escape plan, it was here, in customs and immigration. And they let me through with little hesitation. When she stamped my passport, I tried my best not to smile or show any sign of relief, even though my insides were screaming. The passport worked and I got through the toughest part. I had visions of getting caught by immigration and being shipped back home where Escro would undoubtedly be waiting for me.
I followed the hoard of people, completely uncertain of where I was going and hoping that some of them knew. The arrivals gate had people running to each other and embracing with family and friends. I was irritated to see the number of loved ones getting off the plane to greet familiar faces. I had none to see and not a soul was waiting for me. I left all that behind.
Looking over myself in the reflection of a mirror glazed over with morning mist, I resembled someone who was completely gone. A lost soul. People avoided eye contact with me like I wasn’t meant to be seen. My hair was tightly tucked into my hood, and I was covered from head to toe with thick fabric. I stepped outside into the cool air and felt the wind glide through the material of my coat and hoodie. It was nearly as cold as the mountains. The air didn’t have the same brisk and crispy element that infiltrated my lungs as Gavin drove me up into the mountains toward our house. But it was heavy with humidity and sopping wet from a fresh rain. The kind of cold that eats right through your clothes. 
An Indian cab driver with a turban drove up to me in the long line of people waiting for a ride to their various houses or hotels. I looked at him with confusion, not aware of where I was going or where to tell him to take me. He rolled down his window and nodded in my direction.
“Do you have a destination?” he asked me with a thick accent.
I stared at him blankly. “I don’t know anymore.”
***
Langley, Virginia
“What progress have you made?” asked Isaac. He stared at a clipboard instead of making eye contact with Liam. 
“The older brother looks like he might start co-operating soon. We’ve got his father in there talking to him,” Liam answered.
“And you think that’s wise?” he said sternly. It wasn’t a question. It was judgment on Liam’s decision to let Mr. Cassidy in to see his son.
“What is he gonna do, sir? Hand him a knife under the table? We have them exactly where we want them. And the conversation is being recorded. They both understand now that we want what we want and they won’t be leaving until we get it.”
“You insinuated that they could leave once they gave us information?”
“Of course not. Lord knows they won’t be leaving.”
“But do they?” said Isaac, still staring at his clipboard and not at Liam or their prisoners through thick blackened glass.
“Yes, I believe they do.”
“And the girl?” Isaac already knew all the answers to his questions. He just wanted confirmation that Liam was on board for telling him everything. It was almost like he was testing the depth of Liam’s commitment to the task assigned to him.
“She left the country from O’Hare and will be landing in London any moment now.”
“Who do we have set up there?”
Liam cleared his throat to fill the air with sound as he thought back on the names of people Escro had stationed overseas. “We have associates in place to follow her and pick her up after she leaves Heathrow. We need her clear of any CCTV cameras or the view of officials before we grab her.”
“Yes, I know protocol for pickups very well, thank you,” he said nonchalantly, even though his tone was clearly condescending.
Liam starred through the glass as Mr. Cassidy left the interrogation room, leaving his son burning for more answers and even more confused than he was before.
“Where will you take my son?” he asked once he saw Isaac and Liam standing outside the tainted observation glass. 
“We have an undisclosed location where we send new people of your kind for training,” said Isaac, determined not to look him in the eyes. 
“He has plenty of training,” he fired back.
“Not in military tactics.”
“He’s not fit for battlefield placement.”
Isaac stared back at him with amusement. “Who said anything about battlefield placement? As long as you give us what we want, your son will stay away from the laboratories. That’s all you need to know.”
“That wasn’t a part of the deal.”
“I wasn’t at the proceedings of whatever deal you made. This is how it will be. You and your wife will be given new identities and move to a new location where we can make further use of your skills. We will keep your son for a certain amount of time. How long I’m not sure yet. And when we are satisfied, we will release him to you. Under strict supervision.”
Mr. Cassidy’s rage was beginning to sear through the skin on his face. He forgot over the years that these people were accountable to no one and could not be reasoned with. And negotiating with them only lead to them eventually getting their way. He was fortunate to have evaded them for as long as he did before ever meeting his wife or having kids.
“I want a direct answer before I leave. How long will you keep Gavin?” Mr. Cassidy demanded, sounding intimidating without even having to raise his voice.
“We’ll make a trade. Your daughter for your son. Until then, we can always use someone of his abilities where our troops need proper medics.”
“I don’t know where she is, and neither does my wife. You saw the tape you got from our house. They intentionally didn’t make a plan so we wouldn’t know where she went.”
“It doesn’t matter,” said Isaac, turning to leave. “We’ll have your daughter soon. And when we do we’ll consider the near future of your son.”
When Mr. Cassidy walked away in frustration, Isaac finally raised his head to watch him leave, staring at his back as though he were vermin.
“Do you really have such little concern for your daughter’s life over your son’s?” Isaac said just before he reached the door. Mr. Cassidy didn’t answer, but continued walking onward. Toward what, he remained uncertain. It was clear that he would only be able to save one of his children from Escro. And Shawn had cast her own fate. He could only do so much from where he stood.
***
Shawn
The harsh wind penetrated my eyes and burned my ears as I walked away from the third hotel I could find in a single area. Maybe saying the first English tourist site that came to mind wasn’t the best idea. Trafalgar Square was probably littered with cameras. It was clear after two hours of daylight that I wasn’t going to find a hotel without surrendering my passport. I didn’t feel comfortable with that. And I wasn’t sure how long this new identity mom gave me was supposed to last. I wanted to believe that it was meant for long term, but the fact that I got off the plane at Heathrow without armed guards there to greet me shocked the hell out of me. I didn’t know what kind of resources Escro had, but mom made it sound like it was unlimited.
I saw a youth hostel and walked in. I remembered reading somewhere on the internet that backpackers used them a lot while traveling through Europe. It was reasonably priced and I didn’t think it was a good idea walking around the city during the day. I was exhausted and still trying to process everything that happened. I desperately wanted to curl up in a ball and just start crying. But I wasn’t alone yet. And even if I was alone I would only embarrass myself.
“How long do you intend to stay?” the front desk clerk asked.
I glanced around. The hostel definitely catered to those with a small budget. The furniture in the lobby left much to be desired. But beggars couldn’t be choosers. “One night. Maybe two.”
“I’ll place you in the females only room on the third floor. You should know that this particular hostel is not co-ed. No men allowed in female rooms.”
“Don’t worry. I repel men like the plague.” 
The guy stifled a grin and took the change I made at the airport. 
Walking up to the female room, I opened to the door to find three other women getting dressed and ready for the day. Probably for sightseeing. There was a bunk available at the corner of the room. I put my duffel on the floor and climbed up into it, spreading out the sheets the guy at the front desk gave me. Making my own bed would just have to be the way of things for now. I suddenly envied how hotel maids usually take care of those things. Spreading out sheets halfway decently when you are crouched down with only a few feet between you and the ceiling is not the most comfortable thing in the world. Especially when I just got off a crowded and stale air flight from overseas.
The women left, leaving their small chatter descending down the narrow staircase as they exited. I could hear the boys next door carousing about. They left a few minutes after the girls, making even more noise as they walked downstairs. I wondered if I would ever be that carefree again.
Then I was alone, trying to fall asleep and failing miserably. I wanted to call my mom. I wanted to make sure she was okay. I wanted to know that Carter was alright and that he wasn’t being experimented on or asked continuous questions he couldn’t answer. I wanted to know more about this organization my mom and dad worked for and I spent my entire life knowing nothing about. And suddenly I was angry. I couldn’t rest even if I tried. My body was exhausted, and yet my mind felt like I had taken twenty hits of coffee directly through a needle in my veins.
I climbed out of bed, much to my body’s displeasure and headed down the creaky stairs to the hostel lobby. I couldn’t help but feel like I had accomplished some small feat out of everything. I traveled across the world, got through customs, and found a place to stay temporarily until I was ready to move on. A week ago, I was just getting the hang of talking to Carter, getting invited to a party and being courted by the cutest guy in school. Only to find that he was so much more. An artist. And not just a jock on the football team following the lead of his friends.
I didn’t know why my mind kept going back to Carter. It was like a tape playing my head that I couldn’t turn off. The image of his eyes opening below me as I stared down at him, touching him one last time, and seeing the translucent blue come to life once more. I got up and walked into the lobby to see all the girls and guys I heard from outside my room were congregated in the insanely small space. They must have been traveling together. I reached for the coffee pot someone had generously placed out for people walking through. Not that I needed coffee for any kind of brain stimulant. My limbs however were another story. 
I sat down opposite the TV everyone was circled around, allowing the morning news to turn into white noise. Oddly enough, the couch was more comfortable than my bunk upstairs. Maybe I could just rest there for the time being.
“This is so surreal,” one of the girls said, looking behind her to a guy I assumed was her boyfriend. He took her into his arm and held her close around the neck. It was tender and somewhat creepy. I could see the guy closing in on her, like he wanted to be even closer. Or maybe that was my paranoid mind, thinking that was what Escro was going to do to me when and if they found me.
I closed my eyes for a moment and imagined how nice it would be once they all went on about their business and left the hostel for the day. Only to remember that others would probably be coming in throughout the day to check in. The probability of rest was still low. Coffee. More coffee was the only answer. I took large sip even though it was the weakest coffee I had ever tasted.
“How old was this kid?”
“In high school,” another answered.
“Clearly the coroner made a mistake.”
“No, they said that all the wounds he had closed up while he was still trying to climb out of the coffin.”
I started choking on my coffee. One of the girls came over to me and patted me on the back to help me exhale. Kindness to a total stranger, but it wasn’t doing anything for me. I coughed even more until everyone was staring directly at me. There was enough room between them now that I could see exactly what was going on.
The BBC had images from someone’s cell phone the previous morning. The newscaster spoke over the video taken of Carter at his funeral, with me clearly visible in the front of the church. 
“You can see the young man here crawling out of his own coffin as his father tries to help him out,” said the newscaster. “And his mother growing increasingly hysterical to see her son alive. But the mystery of how this young man survived is still in question. Local police have asked the coroner to release his records.
“This incident is unprecedented and medical experts have been left baffled as the young man was pronounced dead just days earlier, his internal injuries from a car crash deemed catastrophic and beyond repair. The paramedics who worked on Mr. Peterson at the scene claim that his injuries more than likely killed him instantly.
“The Peterson family has been taken to a Denver hospital so their son can be looked after by medical professionals and therefore could not be reached for comment. They hope the doctors can shed some light on this medical miracle in days to come.”
I continued choking and tried to hear more of the story. The more they knew, the more I would know about just how bad this had gotten. Someone was filming everything, and with their cell phone no less. They released it to the press. And it had already gone viral on YouTube.
“Everyone at the funeral services has been questioned in this case. Save the young woman seen at the front of the services, holding Mr. Peterson’s hand just before he awoke. The person pictured has been identified as Shawn Cassidy of Evergreen, Colorado, who has since disappeared.
“Authorities ask that those who may know of her whereabouts,” was the last thing I heard before I bolted upstairs, still trying to catch my breath from scolding hot coffee burning the back of my throat and nearly choking me to death. Which may have been a good thing at that point, because I was already startled. I didn’t need to hear more about myself on international television.
I reached for my duffel and wrapped my jacket on tighter than I previously thought possible, ignoring the fact that I would eventually have to breathe again. I didn’t know where I would go or where I would hide. My face was all over the news. Internationally no less. And I was lucky if someone hadn’t recognized me from downstairs.
I went down the steps again quicker than was wise and looked for any other exit than the front entrance. Fortunately the people just there had forgotten the TV and already left. I went out the door and headed left down the street, ignoring the harsh wind that greeted me. It was warmer now and I didn’t really need a jacket over my hoodie. But I reached into it anyway and pulled the hoodie over my head, doing my level best to hide my face as best as I could. I was probably doing a better job of making myself look suspicious. 
Alas, a teen left to her own devices.
I knew one more thing than I knew before. Carter was alive. Someone had an image of me circulating the internet, and the doctors looking after Carter were under intense surveillance from Escro. I didn’t need my mom filling in the blanks now to suspect what their next move would be.
***
Langley, Virginia
“When was it released?” asked Isaac, rushing through the parade of doors blocking his way to the computer observation room. 
“Two hours ago. The media picked it up before we did.”
“And why is that?” Isaac demanded.
“We only caught it because it went viral. Whoever put it on YouTube didn’t label it as anything suspicious. It was still named under the title number his iPhone gave it.”
“Then how was it discovered so quickly?”
“We don’t know yet.”
“Then find out. I want it taken off the internet and banned from the news stations. I also want a retraction from all the media outlets that have aired it.”
“It’s too late for that, sir,” said Liam. “All the religious blogs and news stations have picked it up. It no longer resides under one platform. It’s been released everywhere. There’s no stopping it. That’s why they call it a ‘viral’ video.”
Isaac walked into a room filled with computers and people awaiting orders. Liam silently followed him in.
“Listen up,” Isaac paced around the room not looking at any of the vagrants working beneath him, but in a moment’s time, he would expect the world of them. “We have Shawn Cassidy’s new location in London. She landed at Heathrow less than three hours ago. Why are we not already on top of this? Why isn’t everyone in here tracking her?”
The sound of fingers hitting keyboards echoed through the room as everyone forced their attention to their computer screens. Looking at Isaac in his black and grey suit, his name tag along with his clearance printed on his lantern was enough to intimidate anyone working there. They only knew that his orders were solid and that a sixteen year old girl had just been dubbed the most wanted woman in the world. If they didn’t find her immediately, their jobs and their heads were on a chopping block.
“Sir, the CCTV cameras in Heathrow picked up a young woman matching her description. She took a cab to the three different hotels in London.”
“What is this?” asked Isaac. “Three hotels? Is that her idea of trying to lose us?”
“We can get the cab driver in for questioning with our team in London.”
“Do it,” he demanded. “I want to know exactly where she is sleeping. I want to know where she eats, who she talks to. Every finite detail.”
“Sir, she’s a teenager. All we have to do is wait for her to make a mistake. She doesn’t have the slightest comprehension under god of what we can do or how quickly we can find her,” said Liam, trying to calm down Isaac’s fervor for yelling at his lackeys. “Not to mention that there are cameras all over London. We know what she is wearing. Put a warning out to the local authorities to look for someone wearing her clothing and her similar build. This should take less than an hour if our team in London knows how to do their damn jobs properly.”
Isaac didn’t say anything, but stared at the frozen image of Shawn Cassidy displayed on computer screens number two and five.
“I want to know the name she used under her passport to get through immigration,” said Isaac. More heads went down to their individual computers as they searched the UK Immigration database.
“Sir,” a man a few feet away answered. “She came into the UK under a new and never before used passport. The name was Violet Blake, and she is registered as 18 years old.”
“And how old is she really?”
“16.”
“Like I said, sir,” Liam leaned toward Isaac, trying his best to get the point across while not overstepping his boundaries. “She’s just a kid. All we need to do is wait for her to make a mistake. Keep our eyes on the CCTV cameras and have a surveillance team ready when we call them to bring her in.”
Isaac considered this thought, his eyes beaming into the screen with Shawn’s face still frozen in place, memorizing each and every feature on her pale complexion. 
Without saying anything, he left the room and walked upstairs to report the latest news of Shawn’s sighting. Liam was left alone in front of a team of hackers awaiting their orders.
“I want control of every CCTV camera in the area,” he hollered. “Shawn Cassidy should be on a plane back to the U.S. in the next hour.”
As everyone went to work and had their eyes completely focused on their computer screens, analyzing every piece of data they could find in the streets of London, Liam took out his cell phone and sent a text. He needed to know what Shawn was going to do before she did. It was more important now than ever.
Stepping out of the room, he went to the men’s restroom and placed a call on a different cell phone. Not the one Escro had given him his first day on the job. This particular phone was untraceable.
 A voice answered on the other line after the first ring. “Desmond Gray.”
“Where are you? Why didn’t you answer my text?” asked Liam.
“I’m about to make contact. And you always follow up yours texts with a phone call, so I figured why bother.”
“Escro has control of all the CCTV cameras in the area. Make sure she doesn’t take a cab or get on the tube. Do you have her in sight?”
“I’ve been following her for the last hour. She left the hostel and is headed in my direction.”
“The next time I hear from you, you better have good news,” Liam scolded, trying his best to sound in control whilst also attempting not to raise his voice too loud.
“Just let me handle it from here. You made certain that she fell into our hands by rearranging flight schedules and insuring the next flight out from Chicago was to London. Now let me do my job and you continue doing yours.”
The line went dead and Liam let out a deep and prolonged breath. If anything happened to Shawn, he would have two organizations to answer to.

Chapter 6
Shawn
I was heaving and grunting. If I didn’t stand out before, I definitely did now. Because I was certain, whether out of paranoia or mere observation, that there was a black SUV following me. Two men got out with long black coats and started walking quickly in my direction. I let them follow me for a block or two before taking off in a run. When they picked up their pace, I knew that my paranoia was well served. They were chasing me. I looked back and saw one talking into a walkie, probably telling another man how to cut me off.
Someone grabbed me, assuming that I was running away from cops or something. I decided that if there ever was a reason to go on without anything, now was it. I cared more about my freedom than I did a duffel bag and a jacket. I ditched the duffel and wrestled away from the guy hanging onto me for the men in dark suits to catch, and suddenly resented how adults always assume that men dressed in official type of clothing are chasing the bad guy. Or that teens are generally up to no good. 
I wriggled away and left the man holding onto my arms with nothing but my jacket in his hands. I still had my hoodie, my passport, and the money mom gave me in my pockets. That would have to do for now.
The men behind were gaining on me since I lost a few seconds trying to escape his grip.
I saw an entrance into the underground, but decided not to take it. I didn’t know how to navigate it and there was too great a risk that I could get cornered. The streets were crowded and I had to shove a few people out of the way. But the men in suits never lost sight of me. 
My red hair was a giveaway when it came to spotting me in a crowd, and I couldn’t keep the hood over my head to save my life while in a full sprint.
Looking behind again, I didn’t see anyone. I couldn’t have lost them. I didn’t take any turns. But there was a lane directly across from me. I ran down it and only hoped that it didn’t lead to a dead end. So many of the streets crisscrossed that it would have been impossible to trace my steps back even if I wanted to. My instincts told me to run and just keep running while my lungs told me to stop nearly every second. They burned like someone had put flames down my throat. My mouth was drying out from no water.
I heard footsteps to the side of me. In all fairness, it could have been anyone, but I took off in the opposite direction only to hear the steps behind me taking off into a run as well. I jutted down alley after alley, down a flight of private stairs and through the back door of a store. The lady behind the counter took time to yell at me. Something about how I wasn’t allowed in the employee area. As I made it to the back door. I heard her shouting to the men behind me. She told them the direction I went in. 
Once again, everyone assumes that the kid is the bad guy and up to no good. Stereotypes existed in this part of the world as well I suppose. Fantastic.
My legs were screaming at me to stop, but I didn’t allow them any peace. I went through an alley and into to an open market. I was knocking through more people to get away. I may have knocked over a cart or two as well.
I was so focused on the next ten feet in front of me that I didn’t see I had run right off of a loading dock. I fell to the ground, grazing the cement with my toes and catching myself with my hands before my knees hit the cement. My wrists took the impact. I quickly looked around. It was some sort of parking garage.
I saw the men coming through the opening I passed and searching everywhere for me.
“We lost her,” one man said into the walkie. 
“Go around and make sure she didn’t double back. I’ll check the other end for the exit of the garage.”
Great. So both of my exits were completely blocked. There were some open windows revealing the ground beneath me. I was only one floor up, but it was enough to break an ankle if I chose to jump. My legs were already jelly from running and I couldn’t justify leaping from a building. 
If one of them thought I was doubling back and the second was at the exit, then the way I came might be a plausible way to go. I climbed back up to the loading dock and ran back to the market. There were several openings leading to the alleys on the side. I went through and saw the devastation my previous escape had caused. Two women were still trying to gain their composure and it looked like I toppled over a vegetable cart or two.
I went through a large iron gate leading to the street, hoping that this was not the way the Escro agents had gone. Searching in both directions, I didn’t see anyone that immediately caught my attention. But I must have been looking too hard, or was too dazed and confused to notice the actually important details around me. Because I was standing in the middle of the street, and knowing my luck along with the lack of realization that cars drive in the opposite direction in England, a car was barreling toward me.
Everything went black as I felt the hood of the car strike my legs. I rolled over the hood and off back onto the street. When I did open my eyes, all I could see was cement. Someone turned me over. Sunlight peeking through the overcast clouds above me. I was lifted up and carried away. Much to my disapproval. The sudden movement was agonizing and I let out a cry. 
“Someone call an ambulance for her,” a woman shouted in the distance. A crowd formed around me as I was being carried away. Whoever it was holding me handled me with care. I could see well enough to make out that it wasn’t either of the Escro agents carrying me. It was someone else. Without speaking, he loaded me into a small black and sleek vehicle, then it skidding away, lacing the trousers of onlookers with rainwater and littering the sidelines of the street with dirt.
The man lifted my legs up onto the seat. Not that I would have noticed if I hadn’t seen him make the movement. I was completely consumed by the pain in my midsection, but not unaware of the fact that I couldn’t feel my legs.
He lifted up his sleeve and grabbed onto my hands, laying them on my chest, cradling them in his. The moment his skin touched mine, I noticed something changing inside me. It was the exact same sensation I got when my mom touched me. Something only healers know to look for. I can only describe it as the same feeling you get when you are in intense pain and then feel that morphine start to kick in. It is a very sudden response that dulls the senses, taking away your ability to focus on the pain and the pain alone.
A tingling sensation went down my hips and through my legs. I could feel them again. The man reached one hand over and took off my shoes. I wondered for a second if he would be put off by the smell of my feet having been in the same shoes for nearly 36 hours of traveling halfway around the world. If he was, he didn’t say anything. Then I realized that my being able to worry about such a thing, was in fact a good sign. The pain was nearly gone.
The sensation continued travelling all the way down to my feet and the throughout my back.
“Can you move your toes?” the man asked. I still hadn’t seen his face as he had my head tucked into his side. I tried moving my feet and found that my toes were in fact going up and down. My blurry vision was coming back to me after having been blinded by the pain of the car hitting me.
The man then placed his large hand and extraordinarily long fingers below my feet, all the while still holding my other hand in my lap. “Now try pushing my hand down,” he said softly. I moved my feet and pushed his hand away as hard as I could with my heels and toes.
I knew in that moment that I hadn’t been wrong in my assumption when I couldn’t feel anything below my waist. The impact of the car paralyzed me from the waist down. He saved me. This man holding me was a healer.
He eventually repositioned and placed his other hand on top of mine again, while bringing me in closer with the other.
“I’m Desmond. You’re safe now.” He was British, that much I could tell. And extremely strong. It took practically nothing for him to lift me up when I was laying helplessly on the ground. Not that lifting me was terribly taxing. I had always been a small thing. 
“You’re not with Escro?” I asked weakly.
“No. Far from it. We’re taking you to our base. You’ll be safe there.”
***
Langley, Virginia
“Who was that?” Isaac yelled into the computer screen before him. “Who took her? I want the plates of that car. Magnify the image,” said Isaac. 
One of the men at a desk complied and looked up the identity behind the owner of the plates. “It’s registered as a stolen vehicle, sir. It belongs to an elderly lady named Mildred Foster. She reported it as missing two days ago.”
“Okay, I want to know exactly where it goes.”
“Our surveillance team is still headed back to their vehicle. We can’t track them.”
“Then follow them with the local street cameras.”
“We can’t sir, they took off down an alley. We lost view of them.”
“Damn it!” Isaac yelled, throwing his glasses onto the desk in front of him, his frustration permeating the room. He headed back upstairs to report what had happened to his superiors, stomping the entire way up. Everyone was silent and waiting for more orders, even though the chase was obviously over. Their assignment was a failure.
***
Liam stared into the large monitor before him completely shocked. First Shawn managed to evade two of their men in the field chasing after her, and then she was visibly hit by a car. He was thousands of miles away and there was nothing he could do. He was prepared for Shawn to panic. He was even prepared should she do something stupid given that she was a scared teenager. He had every possible scenario planned out so Desmond could get to her before Escro. Liam knew Desmond could be trusted, much to his own dismay. 
If Isaac had bothered to wait around and see the look on Liam’s face, he would have seen a smile cross it ever so slyly. It was a day to remember. One of the few when Liam was ten steps ahead of Escro instead of ten steps back.
Shawn was in safe hands. And Liam knew whoever controlled her, would eventually control Escro.
END OF BOOK I

BRE FAUCHEUX
Other titles by Bre Faucheux:
The Elder Origins
Exile (Elder Origins #2)
Encounters (Elder Origins #3)
The Keeper’s Realm
Cellblock Four
The Resurgence of Violet Blake (Violet Blake #1)
The Revival of Violet Blake (Violet Blake #2)
***
Visit me at my blog: www.brefaucheux.com
If you enjoyed my book, I would greatly appreciate it if you left a review, recommend it to others, or lend it to friends and family.
If you do happen to write a review, email me at brefaucheux@gmail.com and I will send you a personal ‘Thank You.’
***
Connect with me online!
Bre Faucheux's NEWSLETTER
Bre Faucheux’s TWITTER
Bre Faucheux’s FACEBOOK
Bre Faucheux’s GOODREADS
Bre Faucheux’s YOUTUBE CHANNEL
