



The Fire and the Fog

__________


David Alloggia

Smashwords Edition






This is a work of fiction.  All the characters and events portrayed in this novel are either fictitious or are used fictitiously.

The Fire and the Fog

Copyright © 2012 by David Alloggia
Cover design by Lucia Alloggia


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.

Second Edition: December 2013


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




For mom.
For all the stories you told.

Map of Dohm



Contents


Map of Dohm
Of Beginnings
	Icthysius
	The Fisherman
The Boy	
The Girl 
Pain
The Man
On Waking
The Student and the Master
Meeting	
Of Endings
	Intermission
Epilogue
About the Author




Of Beginnings

Icthysius

Icthysius was getting old.  He felt it in his bones when he stood, when he walked.  He felt it in his lungs; in the difficulty he had trying to draw each breath, in the dry rattle that filled his chest at night, and kept him awake.  He heard it anytime he had to climb the long, winding stairs of his tower, the cracks and groans in his knees and hips grew worse with every passing day.  He knew it in his mind as well; his thoughts were slowing, his Words and his Music were losing their power, their life.  His Art was suffering as well, his hands were growing stiff and clumsy, would no longer move quite the way he wanted them to.
He had started forgetting things too.  He knew stories were told about him, told across the length and breadth of Alta; he had even collected most of them into a book once.  He just could no longer remember which were real.  Iris could have helped him.  She always remembered.  She had always calmed his mind, steadied his hands, helped him to work at his best.
Iris, he would never forget.  How could he?  No matter what else he lost, no matter what other memories slipped away from him, disappeared into the ether of age, he would never forget her.  She had always stood by him; through all the years he had known her she had helped him.  Now he made the long, arduous climb up the tower stairs to the room where she lay, for what would be the last time.  The cracks in his bones echoed through the long, cold stairwell, the only sound other than silence to accompany him as he reminisced.
He remembered his names as he climbed the tall, empty tower, its heights reaching into the air above the island Kol as if to pierce the clouds.  Icthysius Aedenhide.  Icthysius the Mage, the Magister.  Icthysius the strong, the wise, the powerful, the terrible.  He had been called cruel, a savior, a tyrant.  He had started wars, forged alliances, hunted down rogue mages.  He had raised Kings, broken Empires.  For over eighty years he had been one of the most powerful men in all of Alta.  He was powerful enough, influential enough, to be given leave from the Watchers; the only Artist in over five hundred years to be granted freedom from their scrutiny.  
He almost wished he had a watcher now, one to pull him back from the brink, to keep him from trying something so forbidden; to stop him, or to die trying.  He almost wished he had a watcher now, but he did not.  His preparations were complete, and nothing could stop him now.   
‘Nothing can stop me for long, at least’ Icthysius thought as he reached the top of the tower and stood with his hands on his knees, his head down, panting heavily as he tried to catch his breath.  Looking down at himself saddened him.  Once he had been strong, tanned, a powerful example of a man, with a broad chest and powerful arms.  Now he wore long, flowing robes, to hide his gut, to cover his pale skin and wrinkled, age-spotted arms.  No man could escape the passage of time, no matter how hard he tried.
He took his time before he moved again.  He loved the top of the tower, even though he rarely came up to it anymore.  The tower’s sides were open and a large, see-through dome was held up by columns spaced evenly around the sides.  His eyes skipped over the center of the tower as they looked around.  His golden looking glass still sat where he had left it, gazing out over the waters to the west of Kol.  On a clear day, he used to be able to see most of the Million Islands.  Could he still?  He could hear the waves crashing against the rocks below, could imagine what the Islands looked like, stretched out like a million dots of ink spattered on a page, rising out of the pure blue waters  But no, his eyes were ageing, just as the rest of him was.  
Looking out from the tower was always beautiful.  The ocean stretched out on every side, and the tower was high enough that you could not see the island below unless you strayed close to the edge.  It gave the illusion that you were up, high in the sky, flying over the ocean as the sea birds did.  Icthysius often wished he could fly, but the Watchers had not allowed a Magister to try flying in centuries.  Just as they had not allowed what he was about to try.
That thought brought Icthysius back to the present, back to the center of the tower, back to the bier that lay there.  Back to his wife, his Iris, who lay on the wooden bier in the center of the tower.
She was old, he knew.  Any who had looked on her days ago would have seen an old, wrinkled and stooped woman, smiling despite the pain of the years that lay heavily upon her.  Any who looked on her now would see the same, only without the smile, without life.  But Icthysius; when he looked on her, he still saw her as she had been all those years ago when he first met her.  Golden hair shining in the sun, her slender form so supple and graceful as she danced.  Oh how she had loved to dance, how she had loved to dance to his Music.  How she had loved to dance for him.  She had had the same smile then, a smile she always carried.  Until now.
He saw her die again as he walked towards her.  He saw her as he sat in their rooms lower down in the tower.  He had raised his head from his book and looked towards her as she came to the top step of the tiny staircase that led to their bedroom.  It was only five steps.  Five steps she had climbed up and down thousands of times before.  
He saw her smile change to surprise as she tripped somehow, tripped on nothing.  He heard the snap of her neck as she landed badly on the ground.  He felt his pain again as he watched her die.  He wished he could forget it, as he was forgetting so much else of late.  But he couldn’t.
It didn’t matter though; Icthysius thought as he reached the bier and drew himself up as high, as straight, as he could.  He pulled a large, ornate, armless wooden chair from his robe and sat beside the bier, then pulled out an intricately carved violin and bow.  
He sat there for a time, his head bowed, his eyes closed, as he willed himself to do what no man had done before.  He was Icthysius after all.  Icthysius the mage, the all-powerful, the Magister.  No effects of old age; no failings of memory or stiffness of joints, no shortness of breath could stop him.  He would not bow down to time, or death.  He would force them to stoop to him.  He would bend even the gods to his will.
Everything else was ready. The script covered the bier his wife lay on, covered her skin.  It had taken him days to write out what he needed, made all the more painful by the shaking, the pain in his hands.  But it was finished, all his preparations were finished.  
He would bring his Iris back.
He had to. 
And then he began to play, to sing.  His fingers were swift and sure over the violin strings, his voice clear and powerful, and all of Kol heard him play.  
The Fisherman

He’d been a fisherman as long as he could remember.  As long as anyone could remember, really.  His father had been, and his father’s father, and his father’s fathers father, and his…and so on.  And someday, his son would be a fisherman too.
It was bright.  Early morning.  The best time for fishing.  The sun was just rising over the coast to the West of Rege, and he had been on the waters for a good two or three hours already, working at his nets.  There would be a good catch today, he thought to himself absently.  But at the same time, he really just wanted to be home.  Home with his wife, and his newborn son.  Ragn send his son would stay strong.  He didn’t know if he could deal with losing another child.  
He should stay on the water longer, he knew.  But…he wanted to be with his son, wanted just to watch him sleep, to look into his wife’s eyes and feel her love and warmth.  It was simple, pure, and breathtaking.  The fish could wait.  They would be there tomorrow.  They would always be there.
His mind made up, he hauled in his nets swiftly.  He didn’t even care about the fish he managed to bring in with them.  Again, there were more important things to be about.  
It wasn’t until he hauled in and stowed his nets, and was preparing to make for land that he noticed that an eerie silence had fallen.  Nothing made noise except for the occasional wave lapping against the bottom of his small wooden boat.  No birds, no wind…nothing.
And then he noticed a wall of fog rolling in from the North.  Fog that should have been burnt away by the bright morning sun.  Fog that moved even though there was no wind.  Fog that felt…wrong somehow.
He panicked.  He didn’t know why.  All he knew was that he had to get home before the fog.  He rowed, rowed for his life.  He didn’t care if he was overreacting, or if he looked ridiculous.  He just knew something was wrong.
He didn’t bother to secure his boat as it ground up on the shallow sand to the south of his home; he simply jumped out into the foaming surf and took off running, bits of sand flying as his feet dug into the shore.  His feet slipped in the loose, wet sand; lost purchase.  He went to one knee, one hand planting itself on the beach, curling into a fist around the small grains.  And then he was up, running towards his house on the hill as the fog rolled ever closer. 
He was halfway up the hill when the fog hit the house.  He half expected something to happen, but there was nothing but silence; silence he broke as he started yelling for his wife, for his son.
There was no answer even when he burst in the front door.  He could see the fog billowing out of the back room, their bedroom.  Why hadn’t his wife answered?  Even if she were asleep, she would have woken by now.
In a second he was at the fog, reaching up to brush it away, to go to his wife and son.  But before he even touched it, it…jumped to him.  Thin tendrils grabbed his arm, slowly climbing up it.  He yelled, backed away, waving his arm violently, but the fog stuck, seemed to pull at him.  He tripped and fell, felt more tendrils of the fog grabbing at his legs, his waist, felt it slowly moving its way over him.  He was screaming, he knew, but then the fog closed over his mouth; his eyes; and he knew nothing.


The Boy

I
 
Music is difficult to describe in words; the way it sounds and flows, the way it feels.  But if Gel had to put what he thought or felt about the notes that came flying from his fingers, each note in perfect sequence, each following the last with no loss of tone or feeling, if he had to describe them, he would call them yellow.  Not the pale, sickly, off-yellow of a coward, or the disturbing almost-green yellow of disease, but the light, bright, warm yellow of a lovely spring day.  A spring day filled with sun and without a cloud in the sky.  Where the ocean-blue soul of the heavens above would be reflected side-by-side with the sun in the tiny ripples of a brook whose cool waters bubbled as it wound refreshingly over smooth, time-worn stones, and little tiny minnows darted in and out among the rocks and reeds, engaging in whatever little fish games that little brook-fish play on beautiful days.  
And Gel would, of course, be lying beside the brook in a field of gold and white flowers, with his arms wrapped gently around Mae as he whispered sweet nothings in her ear. 
Or maybe it would be Sheane.  No, Sheane was much too shy…maybe Faela?  Britt?   Whoever it was, she would be pretty.  Long, golden hair just the colour of the sun, and brilliant blue eyes just the colour of the sky.  Really it didn’t matter who it was.  The day would be perfect, she would be beautiful, and it would all be so very yellow.
As Gel sat and continued to play, now focused on trying to decide exactly what such a shade of yellow would be called, a cloud slowly inched its way into his perfect world.  The cloud was dark, as black as pitch, with no silver lining in sight.  As the cloud slowly covered the sky over the pretty little brook with its gorgeous flowers, the perfect spot for two, the cloud moved with a fitful anger, jumping ahead with each rhythmic, impatient tap of the foot.
Gel’s reverie was broken when his teacher’s hands clapped angrily in front of his nose, ringed fingers jingling wildly as she did so, and her stern old face came clearly into focus.  
‘You are rushing, and you are adding notes.  Play what is written, or do not play at all’
The old lady’s eyes narrowed, and her brow furrowed as Gel cocked his head to respond.
‘But, ma’am, the song’s…the song’s off.  It’s missing something.  I’m sure I could fix it if…’
Gel stopped as his teacher old Ms. Vaen stood quickly, clearly angry looking at the scowl clouding her face.  She wasn’t actually old, not really anyway, but Gel was at an age where anyone older than him seemed old, so she was.  
She towered over Gel as she glared down her nose at him.  The disdain she felt was evident everywhere; from the stiff-backed stance she had taken, to the way she imperiously cleared her throat before beginning her lecture.  
‘Listen, young man’ she started, somehow managing to make “young man” sound as condescending and scathing, as demeaning, as if she had called him “boy” or “thing”, ‘Enscepallius don Vole was a genius, one of the most prolific and influential composers of all time.  By your age, he had already written multiple compositions, concertos, and two plays, and was both well-known and well-respected the world over.  By Ragn, he played a concerto for the Eastern Alde when he was only a year older than you!’  
Gel could tell by the way her eyes had pinched, almost to closing, and by her steadily reddening face that, while certainly mad, lady Vaen was only getting warmed up.  She was like a dragon, or a very bad storm.  A dragon for the fire she could spit out in her anger; a storm because if you sat, buckled in and weathered her anger, it too would pass.
And so Gel bent his head in feigned dejection and let lady Vaen’s tirade wash over him.  He nodded in the appropriate places, and made short non-committing noises when she paused for breath. For some time lady Vaen railed about Don Vole’s life, and how important to music he had been, and how Gel would never measure up to his standard if he did not apply himself.  Gel had heard it before, about Don Vole as well as other composers; from old lady Vaen and at least two of his previous instructors.  He knew that these old, dead men were supposed to be much better than he, he just couldn’t believe it; he couldn’t hear it.
He thought their songs had no heart.  They had character, they were well written, but the songs lacked, as far as Gel could tell, feeling.  It was always hard for him to explain what he felt the songs were missing, what he felt he had to add.  It was like a chef, putting a final sprig of parsley on a dish to add colour, or a woodworker adding delicate scrollwork to an already working, finished piece.  It was always some small little change that Gel knew he could, he should, make, to fix the song.  If only he was ever allowed.
Even as he sat, nodding glumly as lady Vaen enthused about the inherent intricacies of Don Vole’s tempo shifts in the third stanza, and the major/minor co-harmony in the chord progression of the final bars of the piece, Gel could see the notes floating through his head.  He could see the notes, could hear the sounds they would make when played, he could feel the places where they were wrong, and had to be fixed.
The problem, Gel had realized, was that this always happened.  In almost every song he heard he found…mistakes.  The songs all had problems, and Gel had to fix them.  Normally he was able to keep control; to fight the urge to fix the songs while playing them in front of other people.  Unfortunately, his daydreaming had distracted him, and now he faced the wrath of the dragon.
But the wrath would not last long.  Lady Vaen would tire, would run out of words, would run out of praise for long-dead composers.  She would lose interest in the subject, in Gel, and would let him go, and then the afternoon would be his.
Lady Vaen’s tirade lost steam quickly, and as her oration began to wind down, Gel started moving anxiously in his seat, his anticipation rising.  
‘Oh what does it matter,’ Vaen said finally, her hand going to her forehead and shading her eyes in exasperated resignation.  ‘Off with you then.  But I expect you back here on time, tomorrow, and no more nonsense.’  
Gel’s lute was in its case, its clasps latched tight, and Gel himself was bowing his way out of the house before she managed to finish the sentence.
 
 ***
 
As soon as Gel’s feet hit the cobblestone street outside his tutor’s elegant, narrow house, he was off at a run, only slowing long enough to push the large wrought-iron gate open and closed behind him.  He ran through the town, too quickly to appreciate its beauty: the detail of the architecture, the angular lines of the roofs and the contrast between the wooden beams and colored panels.  Most people would consider the small stone walkways flanked on either side by lovingly tended gardens as things of grace, would know that the tall, narrow houses lining each side of the cobblestone road were monuments to both architecture and history.  And Gel too knew all these things, and would readily have agreed had he been asked.  But, as boys his age always do, he had more important things on his mind.
So the fine houses passed by without notice as Gel raced down the street, free from the day’s duties.  His shoes, fine though they were, had not been cobbled with running in mind, and so the slaps of leather on cobblestone echoed off the houses, following him out of the town, just a half-beat out of time with the shocks that ran up and down his legs with each step he took.  
 
***
 
Reaching his destination didn’t take long.  The cobblestone street changed to a well-travelled dirt road just outside of town, and then it was only a minute or two before he moved into the tall grass along the side of the road.  Gel listened to the bird-calls in the air as he walked, tried humming along with them, but birds had always seemed to be the most experienced musicians of all.  He had no luck fitting a pattern to their sweeping calls, and so he let the birds chatter back and forth, filling the air with their conversation, their song. 
Gel had been walking for a quarter of an hour or so. The dull red roofs and dormant chimneys of the tall, narrow houses were still clearly visible off to his right, when he started to climb towards a solitary oak atop a low hill.  The lute case in his hand beat against his leg with each step he took, creating the rhythm section for a melody he had decided to compose while he walked.  He may not be able to compete with the birds around him, but he could still compose something that would make Sheane or Mae smile.  Both if he did his job well enough.  
As Gel looked towards the old oak, his favorite spot to sit and play, he saw that two figures were already waiting there for him.  Sheane sat on a blanket that had been spread over the short grass beneath the tree, her skirts arranged in a neat circle to cover her legs, and her hands folded patiently in her lap.  Mae on the other hand, stood leaning against the oak, one foot angled behind her and planted on the oak for support, her arms crossed across her chest.  She was scowling, and from the way her skirts hiked up around her calves from leaning against the tree, Gel could clearly see that she was tapping her foot impatiently.  He could also see that she had nice legs and, while he knew that already, little reminders were always nice.  
‘Gel.  You’re late.’ Mae pushed off the tree and stood, arms still crossed, face furrowed into a scowl.  Her skirts fell back to cover her legs once more, and Gel couldn’t help a wry smile of disappointment.  
‘A thousand apologies, my Lady’ Gel bowed mockingly, sweeping his lute case out to the side as if it were a fancy hat to be flourished.  ‘I shall of course endeavor to…’  Gel began, and was quickly cut off by an exasperated ‘Oh shut it’ from Mae.
‘Now hurry up and sit down, stupid’ Mae snapped as she herself sat down next to Sheane, leaning back on her arms, her legs stretched out in front of her rather than tucked underneath her skirts like her sisters.  ‘Sheane won’t give me any tea till you sit down, so hurry up, stupid boy.’
Gel couldn’t help but grin as he sat down across from the girls.  For twins, the two had certainly come out differently.  Both were beautiful, of course.  Neither girl could be called skinny, but their exteriors were well rounded, and very well proportioned.  Flowing golden hair came down to the mid-back on Sheane, while it barely covered Mae’s shoulders, but in both cases the wavy golden locks framed faces that must have been stolen from angels; or possibly cherubs, whichever looked better.  Sheane had filled out more than Mae so far too, but both had legs to die for, from the glimpses Gel had managed to steal so far.  And he very much enjoyed stealing glimpses.
Gel shook his head quickly as he sat down, to stop his mind going down that path yet again.  Suffice to say, the girls were gorgeous.  And somehow they were Gel’s best friends.
‘It doesn’t work if you call me stupid twice in a row, Mae’ Gel said, setting his lute case down gently beside him as he crossed his legs.  
Mae stuck out her tongue while Sheane smiled silently, and began to prepare the promised tea, her back straight, her bearing demure.  
Sheane had a basket beside her from which she pulled delicately painted porcelain cups and saucers, as well as a flagon of what Gel assumed would be well-chilled tea.  Gel knew that there would be goodies in the basket as well; cookies, muffins, possibly pastries, or maybe little tiny triangular sandwiches and, while he couldn’t wait to try them, he wondered, as always, how Sheane managed to pack the basket so full of snacks and drinks and cups, and never break a one.  Sheane was a perfect lady, that’s all there was to it.
Mae, on the other hand, sat leaning back with her hands in the grass, and she had already started to tear out clumps of the stuff, most likely to dump on Gel’s head, or down his shirt, at some point during the day.  She did so frequently and, though he fought back, Gel always managed to wind up on the losing side.
Quickly, and more in an effort to stave off any grass attacks from Mae than any urgent need to play, Gel leaned over and began to remove his lute from its case.  
‘I wrote you a song on the walk over’ he said as he made small adjustments to the lute’s tuning pegs, tuning by ear and instinct. 
‘Wrote who a song?’ Mae questioned excitedly as she sat up, her small hands still clutching at wads of grass, and leaned forward, hugging her knees to her chest.
Gel sighed slightly as he finished his tuning.  Sheane had sat forward excitedly at the prospect of a song as well, and she sat absently holding a cup of tea out to the side for her sister, her excitement-filled eyes a perfectly blue match for her sisters, both fixed on Gel.
They were both so beautiful.  Eyes like sapphires surrounded by fields of golden-wheat hair.  Gel didn’t really like that metaphor, but he smiled absently anyway, already knowing what their reactions would be.
‘Can’t it be for both of you?’ he asked, trying to inject his words with as much feigned innocence as possible, eyes wide in what he hoped was an endearing look.  
Sheane smiled and nodded, her head moving in small, quick jerks of assent, just as Mae spoke out vehemently.
‘No!  Pick one of us.’  Just as Gel knew she would.  Mae always competed with Sheane, and Sheane always deferred to Mae.  It was funny, really, but it always made Gel feel even worse about choosing just one of the sisters.
‘Fine’ Gel said, openly grinning now, ‘Then I wrote this for Mr. Oak, the tree’ and he began to play, and the afternoon drifted slowly away.
 
II
 
If life were all girls and music, Gel would have been more than happy.  But as the warm, heavy sun of the afternoon faded slowly into the pale evening; as reminders that humans unfortunately require more sustenance than cakes and tea; as rumblings of hunger sounded, too deeply to ignore, the trio headed for home.  They walked together back to the town, but split ways when they reached the change between dirt and cobblestone road.  Sheane and Mae lived at the Eastern edge of town, just off the main road, while Gel had to make the long trek to the top of the low hill the town was built upon.
As Gel walked home through the narrow cobblestone streets towards the Mayor’s house at the edge of town, he found himself thinking of the song he had written for Sheane and Mae, and had played for the old Oak tree.  He had thought of it at the time as blue; slower and more mellow than the jumpy, excited yellow of Don Vole’s song from earlier, yet with enough movement, enough transition and change to remain interesting.  It was a nice song, and had been perfect for his audience.  Calm and smooth enough for Sheane, with enough trills for Mae.  Balancing anything between the two of them could be interesting, though with music Gel thought he could always give them both what they wanted. 
He did wonder though.  He always played for people, and he was always, or nearly always, able to understand what his audience wanted to feel from the music, was always able to pull that feeling out of the notes and make it come alive for his listeners.  
Sheane and Mae wanted to feel warm and loved, and Gel had no problem letting that feeling out through his music.  He had trouble expressing feelings with words, with actions, but with music?  With music his feelings just flowed.   Gel often wondered why he should speak, when he could play instead.  
Many of the nobles that Gel had played for wanted perfect renditions of ancient songs, note for note as they had been written and, while boring, he was always able to provide that too.  The feeling he got from those songs was stuffy, uptight, and not more than a little wrong.  He always wondered if this was how those ancient composers had wanted their legacies to be played.  But if stuffy was what the nobles wanted, stuffy was what he would play.
His tutors, as well, wanted him to play exactly what they told him to and, while he could generally manage that too, it became much more difficult if he got distracted, which happened much more often than he’d like to admit.  Part of the problem was the difficulty of obtaining proper tutelage in the small, remote town of Feyen.  His fourth tutor in two years, Gel’s parents had already told him that if he ran lady Vaen away that would be it.  Not that he was worried.  He figured that he could do better on his own anyway.  He was the best after all, even if no-one had yet realized it.
Gel’s parents just wanted to hear him play.  As with all parents, they loved anything he did; it was their job.  It made them at the same time the hardest and the easiest audience to play for.  On the one hand, he could do no wrong.  On the other, he always felt he had to do better for them, in order to truly deserve their love and praise.
This all brought Gel back to the song he had played that afternoon.  The song he had claimed to be playing for the old Oak tree on the hill.  That pretty blue song had not been written or played for the tree, not truly, but what if it had?  What if he had written it for the old Oak, and played it for the tree to grow, to sway and dance in the wind?  What would that sound like, feel like; what colour would it be?
Gel walked alone through the empty streets, the sun setting slowly at his back.  The sounds of his footsteps on the worn cobblestones and the occasional twit of a robin or lark that had taken to nest in the awning of a nearby house were the only sounds that accompanied him on his walk home.  But inside his head, his mind was buzzing.  His ‘Ode to the Tree’.  He knew it would have to feel green, how could it not, but how should it start?  Some light arpeggios on a major scale?  Or was that too light green?  A song for the old oak, that solitary, ancient tree, stuck in the middle of miles of empty, rolling hills and short, twisted grape vines, a modern town of wood and stone its only company, a song for the old oak would have to be slow, mellow, in a minor scale.  Possibly C Minor, with a slow tempo, plenty of legato notes.  The song would have to be a dark, ancient green, as deep and ancient as the tree itself.
Just as Gel began to write the first bars of his new song in his head, his fingers moving through the empty air in concert with the notes he imagined, he walked into the large iron gate of the Mayor’s house.  Stepping back quickly and realizing where he stood, and what he had run into, mild embarrassment coloured Gel’s cheeks, and he quickly forgot about his song for the Oak, at least for the moment.
‘Right.  Home.’ Gel muttered to himself, laughing in his head as he shook it slowly, hoping no-one had seen his gaffe, and trying to remember when he had climbed the incline to the house as he opened the front gate.  The gate was heavy and tall, but the stark wrought-iron swung easily as he pushed on it.
The Mayor’s house was his fathers’ house, and thereby he supposed his house.  It sat on a low hill at the Western edge of the town.  The large stone manse loomed over the town, its height and gravity separating the town proper and the wheat fields in the East from the towns’ vineyards to the west.
The Mayor’s house was a ‘gift’ to the Mayor from the church.  If ever Gel’s father was removed from his position as Mayor, Gel’s family would be removed from the house, not that that was likely.  Gel’s father was a good Mayor.  But it still made it hard for Gel to think of the house as his own, even though he had lived there all his life.
The Mayor’s house was one of only two stone buildings in the town, the other being the old church.  Other buildings had stone in them, mostly as foundations, but only Gel’s house and the church were made wholly of stone.  Both the manse and the church were old, much older than the rest of the town around them, and both must have been built at the same time.  No-one alive knew when they were built, or from which quarry the stone for the buildings had come from; there were no quarries for miles and miles in any direction.  All Gel knew was that the grey stone slabs of the two buildings, seemingly arranged haphazardly and all the more beautiful for it, were much nicer than the newer polished and painted wooden houses that populated the rest of the town.  Gel would live in one of these old stone buildings one day, and it would be like a castle or keep out of his mothers stories.  Cold and drafty but defendable, maybe with a moat, and it would have open fires in braziers and swords on the walls and knights on horses galloping about…
He was getting sidetracked again, and he knew it.  But, as Gel opened the polished wooden door at the front of the house, he was sure.  Once he was done his Ode to the Oak, he would write a song for the old stone manse; possibly a dirge of some sort, grey like the houses’ stone; heavy, but with an airy sound; open and clean. 
As soon as the door was open, Gel was hit by the smell of stew and freshly baked bread.  Suddenly remembering he was ravenous, Gel took the stone stairs to his room two at a time, threw his lute on his bed, and rushed back downstairs, skidding through the kitchen door in time to watch his mother place a large bowl of steaming stew, thick with meat and potatoes and other earthy goods, and a thick slice of fresh bread at his empty spot at the table. 
‘Nice of you to join us’ Gel’s father rumbled, blowing lightly on a chunk of meat from the stew as Gel quickly slid into his seat at the table.  ‘Is this your house only when it comes to food, or do you intend to sleep here tonight as well?’
Othwaithe was a large man.  Big of shoulder, broad of chest, hands that looked large enough to crush bricks into dust.  He could be intimidating at times, looking as he did like a large bear.  But he was always gentle, kind, and fair.  Gel had written a song for his father years ago, when he was seven years old; a slow, deliberate song filled with held staccato notes that Gel still felt perfectly matched the way his father, or a bear, would walk.
‘Soreh’ Gel mumbled, trying to speak through the stew-soaked bread he had just shoved into his mouth.  ‘Ws wth Shne n Mae.’
‘Gel,’ his mother cut in, ‘chew your food.  You will choke.’
‘And how would we explain a dead son to Fulhar Chaeveh?’ his father rumbled again, smiling as Gel washed down the bread with a gulp of watered-down wine.  The Fulhar was the Church’s representative in the town.  He was nice enough, but generally entirely too serious.  
Smiling as she shushed her husband with a wave of her hand, Maerge turned to Gel.  ‘How was your lesson today Gel?’
‘Do we have to find you another tutor again?’ Othwaithe rumbled in the background, his eyes focused on his stew as Gel spoke over him.  Gel’s mother tried to throw a quick glare in his direction, but Othwaithe’s already diverted eyes shielded him.
‘The lesson was boring,’ Gel whined, dragging out his syllables as he rolled his eyes.  ‘Lady Vaen had me playing more of Don Vole’s 4th cantata, but it’s just wrong, and she won’t let me fix it.  So I went and played for Sheane and Mae instead.’  As Gel took a break from talking to shove in more mouthfuls of stew, his mother spoke up.
‘What did you play for them?  And have you decided who you’ll take to the Harvest Festival?’
‘And have you forgotten that you have to play Don Vole’s cantata for the Duke in two days?  You had better learn it well.’ Othwaithe said as he leaned back calmly and began wiping the bottom of his already empty bowl with a torn-off piece of bread.
There were a few moments of silence as Gel voraciously shoveled spoonfuls of stew into his mouth.  His parents waited calmly, both eating with the patience that comes with years and the knowledge that food normally doesn’t disappear if it’s already in a bowl in front of you.
As Gel finished off his first bowl of stew, he looked up to respond.
‘Yes, father, I know I have to play in two days, but it doesn’t matter,’ he replied, exasperated.  ‘I know the song already, and more lessons on it are just boring.’  
Othwaithe began to open his mouth to respond as Maerge fetched Gel another bowl and more bread, but Gel interrupted.  ‘And yes, father, I know.  Practice makes perfect.  But I already am perfect, so why should I practice?  Gel said, smiling smugly at his father as only a teenager could manage.
‘And the girls?’ his mother interrupted as she put more stew in front of him, trying to bring him back on track to what was important, to her at least.
‘Right’ Gel said, smiling as he cut up a large chunk of potato into more manageable pieces.  ‘Well, we went to the old oak tree and I played them a song I wrote.  It’s like Don Vole’s, only I fixed it, and made it into a smoother blue for Sheane and Mae, instead of yellow.  It was really nice.  Then I played them some more songs, and we talked, and Sheane brought tea and pastries.’  Gel took quick bites in between sentences, keeping just enough stew in his mouth that he could eat and talk at the same time, leaving all his sentences slightly muffled.  ‘And now I’m going to write a song for the Oak, and one for our house too.  They’re old, and they seem so lonely.’
‘Very nice dear, I’m sure they’ll love it.  Have you decided which of the girls you will ask to the festival?’ his mother asked again as she began to clear the table.  Gel’s father had already left the table, and was heading to his study as he did every evening.  Othwaithe always said after dinner was the best time for paperwork, though it was understood that he spent more time napping than working.  Gel, on the other hand, sat and stared at his stew for a few moments, pre-occupied with poking at a small chunk of carrot.  
‘I,’ he started, frowning deeply in thought, ‘well, I haven’t decided yet.’  He looked up over his bowl, and gave a wry smile, ‘Can’t I just take them both?’ he asked, still poking desultorily at his stew, all evidence of hunger banished by his new train of thought.
His mother laughed as she cleared away the remnants of dinner, her laugh a silver peal of light in the encroaching dusk.  And Gel sat and thought, and the evening ground on.
 
***
 
Later that night, after dinner had been cleared away and homework had been done, after Gel had played his new song for his parents, his father looking over ledgers, his mother knitting another pair of too-small socks; after washing and bathing for the night, Gel lay deep inside his small bed, covered in hills of covers and quilts, surrounded by mountains of pillows.  Gel had always found it comforting to be weighed down while he slept, but at the moment his mother and her stories were all the comfort he needed.  
She sat, perched on the edge of the bed, waiting for Gel to decide what story he wanted that night.  For Gel it always seemed that no matter how many books he read, no matter how many stories of knights and magic, of powerful swords and secret rings, of damsels in distress, his mother’s bedtime stories were by far the best.
Every night, after Gel had washed, and cleaned his room, and finished his lessons, and lay curled up, safe and warm in bed, his mother would walk in, sit beside him, and wait for him to tell her what story he wanted to hear.
Gel lay in his fortress of blankets thinking.  Running over all of his favourite stories, over all the stories his mother told best, until at last he decided.
‘I want to hear about the princess and the mirror’ Gel said, snuggling further into his covers and closing his eyes, waiting for his mother to begin.   Maybe he was getting too old for these stories; certainly the other kids in the village had stopped hearing bedtime stories years ago.  But he didn’t care.  The stories were comforting, and his mother seemed just as happy to tell them as he was to listen.
She smiled first, bending over to kiss his forehead and run her hands through his light blonde hair.  ‘Very well, little one’ she said softly, and Gel felt safe.
‘Not too long ago, and not so very far away, there lived a princess in a castle’ Maerge began, only to be swiftly interrupted by Gel.
‘Was she pretty?’ Gel asked his eyes now open and questioning.
‘Of course she was,’ his mother replied, reaching over to stroke his hair again, ‘now shush’.
‘It was a lovely castle, and its king, the princess’s father, ruled over many happy subjects.  The princess lived in the castle with her sisters, and she had many friends among the servants and the townspeople, but she would often go off on her own to explore.  
It was not that she had no love for her family or friends, it was just that the old castle was so large, so empty, that it seemed lonely.  The princess hated to see people sad and lonely, so she would often go and explore the large castle, to make it feel happy, and lived in.
So, when the princess was not riding in the country with her friends, or learning to be a princess with her sisters, she would wander the castle, finding new rooms, new places; old places.  
And so it was that one day, as she turned the corner in an ancient, unexplored part of the castle, trailing her hand through the dust coating the beautiful tapestries that lined the hallways to mark her path, she came across a door.
It was a large wooden door, banded and studded with iron, with a rusty old handle on one side.  It looked the sort of door she would never be able to open, even if she had an axe, but she tried the handle anyway and, to her surprise, the handle crumbled under her fingertips, and the door swung ponderously open.
Behind the door was a tall, circular staircase that wound its way up into the sky, and as she began to climb it, she knew it must be one of the large towers that dotted the castle’s silhouette. 
The princess climbed for a long while, and when she finally reached the top, she was tired.  But she was also excited, for before her once more stood another door.
This door was much different from the door below.  In fact, it was much different from any door the princess had ever seen.  It was a large, stone door, intricately carved with rosebushes, the thorns clearly evident.  Stranger still, the door had no hinges, and no handle, only a large, silver plated keyhole where a handle should be.
The princess knew at once that the door must be magical, and as she knelt to see the keyhole better, she noticed that she could see right through to the room on the other side.  
On the other side of the door was a large, circular room which must have been the top of the tower.  It was completely empty, but for a large, plain wooden mirror that stood alone in the center of the room.  As she looked at the mirror, expecting to see the inside of the door reflected back at her, she instead saw the reflection of a boy.
He was a pretty boy; tall, with flowing golden hair, and he was dressed in a fine doublet.  He looked at her as she stared at him, and he waved and banged on the glass, the look in his eyes clearly wanting escape from his glass prison.’
Gel’s mother stopped there as she noticed the slow, quiet whisper of Gel’s breath.
‘Sleep, my little prince’ she whispered softly as she kissed her son’s sleeping head.
She stood, smiling as she put her hands warmly over her lower belly, caressing her stomach and humming softly as she left to room to go help her husband with the town’s ledgers.
Closing the door to Gel’s room, she left him to his dreams of knights and swords, princesses and dragons, soldiers and battle, guns and glory.
 
III
 
The next day dawned early.  Roosters crowed the start of a new day, as excited for this new day as they were for every new day, and birds chirped and warbled through the air.  Gel, though, slept through the cacophony of the early morning avian concerto, and instead woke several hours after sunrise to voices drifting in through his bedroom window.  He heard his father’s rumbling baritone, and while he missed his father’s words, something told him he should listen.  He lay still, making sure not to make any noise for fear of drowning out the conversation happening outside.
‘Look, mayor, we isn’t told much.  Alls I know’s the Fog’s still coming, an there’ve been more bandits ’round than normal.’ said a young voice, seemingly trying to sound gruff by spitting in the grass outside.  At least Gel hoped it was in the grass, otherwise his father would be angry.
‘Well, Sergeant, where is the fog now then?  And the bandits?  Have the bandits hit any villages near here?’  Othwaithe’s voice rumbled, and Gel lay still to hear more.
‘Lessee, the fog’s still creepin’ its way down through Rege, last I heard.  Han’t hit the border yet, but it’ll do that soon.  Most half of Rege’s covered now.  Halgar’s been gone a few weeks, ‘an Vhindyar.  Holfar got hit last week.  I got a brother what’s out by the border, last I heard church’s starting to clear out soma the border towns.’  The soldier replied, spitting again as he mentioned the fog.  ‘As fer the bandits, could be anywheres.  Impossible to keep track of ‘em really, what with all the refugees coming out down from Rege.’  The soldier paused momentarily, and when he spoke again, he no longer seemed gruff; just nervous and afraid. 
‘The bandits, well, they ah, they hit Jeyce last week.  By the time the patrols got there, well, Jeyce was gone, burnt to th’ ground.  Still ‘aint figured out how many dead.’
Gel thought he heard a sob escape the Sergeant as his father cut in.
‘I am sorry, Sergeant, that is sad news.  Sad news indeed.  But what about protection for us, and Clom and the rest of the towns up north?’  Gel could tell that his father sounded worried.
You could tell from the Sergeant’s voice that he stood up straighter, shaking off his momentary weakness from before.  ‘Th Maeter’ll be sendin’ the Church troops in, t’control the refugees an’ th’ bandits.  Should be ‘ere in a week, I’ve been told.’
‘Good news, good news.  And where will you men be till then?’  Gel’s father asked, not sounding very much like he believed himself when he said the news was good.  It sounded to Gel more like Othwaithe was still worried, and had not heard nearly the promises he had hoped for.  
‘Well, we gotta hit Drey an’ Clom today, then get back to th’ city for more orders.  We’ll prolly be back ‘round here to check in in five days ‘r so.’  The soldier spat again before continuing.  ‘Speakin ‘o which, we gotta hit the road if we wanna reach Drey ‘fore nightfall.’
As the soldier finished talking, Gel heard the sounds of soldiers mounting up.  Throwing off his covers and jumping out of bed to rush to the window, Gel missed hearing any response his father might have had.
As he reached the window and leaned to look out, still wearing his nightshirt, he saw the soldiers as they wheeled around to ride out of town.
It was a group of seven men; each mounted, and dressed in bright red military coats, brown pants, and long brown boots.  The coats they wore were pretty; the tassels on the shoulders, the way they buttoned up all the way to the chin, just the red and gold motif everywhere.  The coats were nice; they looked almost like real church soldiers.  The men wearing the coats, however, were young; none of them were much older than Gel.
Gel’s father had explained it to him before.  The men were a glorified sort of town watch.  Outfitted and ordered by the church, the majority of their work was to bring news from town to town, and to escort any lawbreakers to a city for trial.  It was an important system, but the boys were paid poorly, and were on the road all the time.  
It was not that Gel’s father held any animosity towards the young soldiers, certainly not through fear of losing Gel to the church army.  Gel made it clear many times he had no interest.  But the young boys came from villages somewhere, and a village with no young men to work the fields always had trouble.  Gel did not recognize any of the soldiers below as being from Feyen, but he knew of at least one young man from the village who had left to join the church’s army.  Othwaithe had said many a time that soldiering was no life for a good honest boy to lead, and he would likely say it again before the day was through.
As for Gel, he knew why he didn’t want to be a soldier.  It was not the travelling, or the mediocre pay, bad meals, or chance of death.  It was that he loved music.  He loved music too much to give his life to anything else.  Not to mention he found most of the boys that wanted to join the army were dumb or mean, or both.  
No, all that really interested Gel about the soldiers was the weapons they carried.  Long, shining flintlock muskets’, made from polished wood and burnished metal, plain but gleaming in the sun, were slung over the shoulder of each of the soldiers, and a fine rapier was strapped to each of their hips.  The finely wrought thin blades and the elegantly designed hilts shone gently in the sun, sitting openly for all to see in the half-scabbards that the soldiers wore.
The muskets were a new invention, Gel knew.  Black powder weapons; the muskets and pistols, the cannons and mortars, they had only been discovered in the last fifty years.  They had only been used in one war, when the Church had taken back the last of Riin’s mainland holdings.  But the stories Gel had heard: the smoke and fire that were said to spit from the mouths of the muskets when fired; the death and destruction that followed in their wake.  They were at the same time frightening, for the destruction caused, and wonderful, for the beauty and technological marvel held within each firearm.  The guns, and the boys who carried them, they were progress.  They showed the steady advance of civilization, Othwaithe would say, though he would never say what the advance would lead to.
In reality however, the guns and swords the departing soldiers wore were cheaply made.  Mass produced in order to supply an ever-growing church army.  The soldiers’ vests too were stained from food, drink and travel.  But Gel did not to notice as the group rode quickly down the main road and out of town, horses’ hooves clapping loudly against the cobblestone streets.
The soldiers gone, Gel got dressed and bounded down the stairs for breakfast: leftover bread and stew from the night before.  But conversation at the table was subdued, the atmosphere grim.  Othwaithe sat, lost in thought, not touching his food, and Maerge spent the morning casting worried glances in her husband’s direction.
‘I may be late tonight.’ Othwaithe said as he stood, his chair dragging noisily along the wooden floor as he rose.  ‘I have to speak to the Council.  They need to hear about Jeyce, and the Fog.’  He looked sad as he spoke, and he glanced quickly at Maerge before he turned to leave.
Gel jumped to his feet quickly, almost knocking over his chair in the process.  ‘Will there be fighting?’ he asked, at once excited and scared.  He had never seen a real fight, the closest he ever got was when he and Mae whacked at each other with sticks and pot lids, but a battle seemed so exciting.  
‘Everything will be fine.’  Othwaithe said as he put a large hand on Gel’s excited shoulder.  ‘We will arm some of the lads, and send out a patrol or two, and everything will be fine.’  He turned to leave again, but Gel caught his shirtsleeve before he had a chance to go.
‘Can I have a gun?’ he pleaded, whining slightly, ‘or a sword?’  If some of the other boys were going to get weapons, Gel didn’t see why he couldn’t.  He was almost old enough to work, which should mean he was almost old enough to fight.  
Gel had already forgotten his earlier disdain of soldiers; the prospect of a battle, the noise and the excitement, had wiped his mind of the truths behind the life of a soldier.  
Othwaithe turned and knelt, coming face to face with Gel.  ‘No, son, you cannot.  You can have your lessons, and your friends.’  He patted Gel once on the shoulder, then turned and left.
‘Speaking of lessons, should you not be off?’ Maerge spoke right behind Gel, and Gel jumped slightly.  Gel grumbled slightly, and muttered that he wanted a gun, but his heart was not really into it.  His mother handed him his lute and his box of sheet music, and patted his head, and that was that.
And so it was that, with a slightly heavy heart, and a light rain cloud above his head, Gel left the house.  Lute in hand, he was angry at the prospect of spending another day practicing with Lady Vaen.  He knew that he needed a tutor.  Tutors got you noticed.  It was Lady Vaen that had set up his concerto for the Duke after all.  Gel knew that you needed a tutor to get anywhere in music.  He just hated it.  
Gel wondered why the world was so unfair as he walked down the streets to Lady Vaen’s house, kicking angrily at unoffending pebbles as he went.
 
***
 
The trip to Lady Vaen’s was uneventful.  Gel played the songs she wanted, the way she wanted them played, and he didn’t get distracted.  Somehow, everything went well.  Long, boring, and completely useless, but well.
Not that the dragon didn’t have any criticisms.  ‘Back straight’, ‘Chin up, eyes forward’ she would interject at seemingly random intervals, interrupting the flow of Gel’s performance, ‘Bend your wrists more’ she’d shout, as if Gel were not already playing the music flawlessly.  She gave detailed instructions on how he absolutely must dress appropriately, so as not to shame her, and on exactly how he must address the Duke and Duchess, again, so as not to shame her.  It was almost as if she were more worried about how he looked than how he played.  It was maddening.  It was with a great bit of relief that he left that day, later than usual.  She had kept him longer than normal, pacing back and forth as she spouted off instructions haphazardly, slowly wringing her hands as she walked.  She was clearly more nervous than he would ever be.
 
***
 
As he gloomily marched the same path as the day before, down the road and out of the town towards the old oak tree, Gel wondered how much worse the day would get.  He would be meeting Sheane and Mae at the tree again, and not only did he not have a new song for them, he would once again be confronted with the thing he dreaded most.  Gel did not want to have to choose which sister to ask to the festival.
The problem was, as far as he could see, that he liked them both.  Mae was fiery, exciting, and full of energy, while Sheane was absolutely beautiful; quiet, serene, a true lady.  Really they were both beautiful, he knew, but Sheane was so demure, so much like a princess, that it was a different, special sort of beauty.
Gel was so wrapped up once again in his reverie that it wasn’t until he sat down in the grass beside Mae, setting his lute down to on the other side of him, that he noticed there was no Sheane.  No Sheane, no blanket, no goodies.  No safety.
It wasn’t that Gel was afraid of Mae, not really.
It was just that he was very much afraid of Mae.  
She was grinning from ear to gorgeous ear when he looked at her, and she leaned over and rapped him on the head with her knuckles.  Hard.
‘Got something on your mind dummy?’ she asked with mock innocence, still grinning widely.
‘Cut it out Mae, that hurts’ Gel replied, rubbing his head annoyedly.
‘Aww, poor baby’ Mae laughed lightly as she threw a slow punch at his ribs.
Gel caught her arm and held it, quickly trying to think of a way to change subjects.
‘So, where’s Sheane?’
‘She got a cold’ Mae replied, still grinning like a madman.  ‘She’s sneezing her pretty little head off.  She’s been doing it all morning too.’  Gel thought he could hear the sound of triumph in her voice.  ‘They’re really tiny sneezes too.  Little quiet “Choo’s”, and she jumps up a bit, it’s super cute.  But her nose is all red and runny, so she couldn’t come’
‘So I guess that means no snacks today?’  Gel asked, more disappointed for the lack of Sheane than for the lack of goodies.  ‘No tea either?’  He was genuinely sorry about the lack of tea though.  He really liked tea.
‘Nope!  You’re stuck with just me today’ Mae answered, inching closer, her grin showing all teeth.  She looked almost evil somehow, and definitely scary.  
Gel noticed that he still held her wrist in one hand, and that she had wrapped her other arm around his.  She was pressing closely against his shoulder, and he was having trouble breathing.  Not because the smell of her was cloying, she smelled wonderful, but because his heart was beating too quickly.
Anxious, Gel cast around for something, anything, to distract her with.
‘I didn’t write you a song today’ he started as he saw his lute sitting beside him and began to reach for it with his free arm.  He was going to tell her that he would write her one now, which should gain him some distance, and the use of his other arm, but Mae was too fast for him.
As he was reaching for his lute, Mae quickly shifted.  One second she was sitting on the ground next to him, her arms around his, the next she had plopped herself down in his lap, and had wrapped his arm tightly around her small waist.  Gel couldn’t quite understand how she had managed it.  She held his arm there in a viselike grip, and Gel had to use the arm that had been reaching for his lute to keep from falling over completely.
‘Well, you’ll have to give me something else then, won’t you?’ she said, and he thought he saw her cheeks flush before he looked away.  He would not look into her face this close, or he might lose any chance he had to get out of this alive, and with dignity.
Once more, Gel cast around for something, anything that could save him.  But he was distracted.  Mae was sitting on him.  His arm wrapped around her waist, the smell of her hair, the way her skirts had hiked up again and he could see her pretty legs, this time close enough to reach out and touch.  Gel was not thinking straight.  And so he said the first thing that came to mind.
‘I want to ask you to the festival’ he started, swallowing nervously.  Once again, he had more to say.  He was going to continue with “but I also want to ask Sheane, and I can’t ask you both, and I don’t know what to do”, but he never got that far.  Once again, he wasn’t given the chance.
With those few words, Mae’s eyes went wide.  She let out what Gel could only describe as a squeal of some sort, and she hugged Gel, throwing herself into him.  Gel’s supporting arm gave out, and he fell back into the grass, Mae falling with him to lie on top, her arms still wrapped around his neck.  Her short, golden hair had fallen around his face in the fall, and it felt and smelled lovely.  Mae pressing against him felt lovely as well, but he had to try again.  
‘But, Mae, listen’ he started, trying to push Mae up and off of him.  He did not get far.
As soon as he started, Mae untangled her arms from around his neck, put them on his shoulders, and pushed.  Pinned as he was by her legs laying across him, and her arms on his shoulders, Gel could not help but look into her beautiful blue eyes, now only a few inches from his face.  Her short hair was just long enough to fall around his face, and it cut his vision off from everything but her determined gaze.
‘No, Gel, no,’ she said, suddenly serious, and staring straight at him, ‘No buts.  No listens, no bringing up Sheane.  You’re mine now, and I’m not letting go.’  Gel had never seen her so serious, or so beautiful.
As Gel tried to come up with any sort of protest he could, his mouth opening and closing silently in stunned confusion, Mae shut off any further chance for salvation.
She leaned forward, pressing herself against him, her eyes closed, and she kissed him.  And Gel lost track of everything.
Protesting that he liked Sheane too, that he couldn’t choose between them.  Concentrating on the Duke’s recital the next day.  Even complaints about how annoying studying with his tutors was.  All these thoughts and more disappeared, and the afternoon did too.
Several hours later, Mae stood in front of him, quickly straightening her dress and hair, and blushing furiously.  Gel still didn’t know what to say as Mae leaned in, quickly brushed his lips with a kiss, and whispered ‘well…bye’ before running off towards the town.
Gel stood and watched her leave for a while, trying to process an afternoon spent kissing his best friend, a girl he now thought he loved, before picking up his lute case and starting the slow walk home, shaking his head in confusion most of the way.
When Gel reached the old stone house, he walked slowly up to his room, tossed his lute on the floor, and flopped, spread-eagle, onto his bed, staring at the ceiling and trying to make sense of what had just happened.
He ignored calls from his mother, trying to get him downstairs for dinner, and instead lay in bed thinking, staring up at the ceiling yet seeing nothing till he fell asleep, and yet he was no closer to an answer than when he had started.
 

The Girl

I

Erris was excited. She woke up excited, she worked excited, she went to sleep excited. Every day in the past week she had been excited, and she knew nothing would be different in the next two days either.  In two days, she would be sixteen.
Not that it was as important for her as for other girls, or so she’d heard. She wouldn’t be pampered and trained to be a lady like some city girl, pretty and plump and useless. She would continue to work on her fathers’ farm, the way it should be. But she could be married now, if her father ever found her a suitable husband. Or at least she could be in two days. She wondered, sometimes, what that would be like.  Cooking and cleaning, helping to run a farm.  Someday having children…
Still, turning sixteen was supposed to be an important day for a girl. She wasn’t quite sure why, but it was, so she was excited.
She would be sixteen; no longer a child in the eyes of the Church, although she couldn’t yet be called an adult.  She would be allowed to commune and confess when her family went to church, but not to vote.  They seldom went to church, it was rare to be able to put the time in to go; even more rare to be called in to a vote.  A day’s ride away, the nearest church was small, with an even smaller congregation.  Well, the nearest Regan church. There were several Rognian churches closer, but they weren’t allowed to those. Rognia was very strict about its churches.
The border between the two countries was fluid, and both churches worshipped Ragn.  Why it mattered which church someone worshipped at though, Erris didn’t know.  And her father had been vague the last time she asked, saying something about different hierarchies and different rules.  She suspected he didn’t know either.
Still, while the confession and communion might be nice, there were better rewards for turning sixteen; she had convinced her father to take the family into town, to the tavern, for her birthday supper.  Trips into town were rare, and she was sure there would be cute soldier boys there for her to practice blushing over; there almost always were. 
So if Erris woke quickly that morning, excited and ready to hurry through another day, well, at least no-one could blame her. 
Of course, having a birthday soon never meant the chores disappeared.  Chores were like time; they were always there, even when you didn’t notice them.  So, as the sun rose slowly in the East, as it did every morning, and as roosters rushed to be the first to wake everyone, as they did every morning, Erris rose.  She doused her face quickly with water from the washbasin in her room, slipped on her rough-woven wool trousers and tunic and slid barefoot out the window of the room she shared with her sisters, to the dirt below.
She could have left the room through the door; it was a working door, and more than adequate in size. She could even have gone through the door without waking her sisters; Joahn and Serah were not exactly light sleepers. But then she would have run into her parents and brothers, all likely already at the breakfast table. If she made an appearance in the morning, her mother would try, again, to force her to eat till she burst. Her mother thought her too skinny, but Erris simply didn’t feel like eating ninety-seven helpings of eggs and bread every morning. She wouldn’t eat unless she was hungry, and right then she wasn’t, so why force it.
So instead of padding lightly across the polished wooden floors of the house towards the kitchen to sit on whichever of the eight sturdy wooden chairs happened to be available, Erris’ bare feet hit soft soil, still cold and moist from the morning dew, and she scampered quietly off towards the barn.
She knew that the chickens would not lay their eggs until around midday, and even then her mother and Serah would collect them, so Erris would instead deal with the rest of the farm’s livestock, before any of her siblings got there. The animals were, after all, the things that Erris loved most about living on the farm.
She had spent all of her nearly sixteen years on her parents’ farm; only leaving for occasional trips to town on special occasions, and one unfortunately memorable trip to Vhyindar, Rege’s capital city.
Vhyindar had taught her that cities were horrible places. They reeked of human refuse, garbage, and the stinking masses. They teemed with so many people, milling around like less-intelligent sheep, that Erris truly wondered how any of them got anything done.
And what exactly did city people do? They had no livestock to care for, no mouths to feed, no crops to grow. Most of them barely even had families, sticking to a paltry one or two children. It seemed as if they were simply flitting aimlessly around all day, pretending they were so busy, so important, that they mattered somehow in the grand scheme of things, but Erris knew better.
But no, the worst thing about cities, as far as Erris was concerned, was that they had no animals. Oh sure, they might have a few flea-ridden dogs, maybe a horse or two festering away in too-small stables. But they had no real animals. No plough horses, 20 hands tall and muscled everywhere, strong enough to pull huge loads, but nice enough to eat salt from a child’s palm. No sheep, fluffy and loyal, but as shy and skittish as anything. They had no pigs, dirty geniuses that they are, masters of wallowing in mud, and escaping from pens. The list went on.
And even worse than having no real animals, city people mistreated the ones they did have. 
Of course, Erris’ opinion of cities, and their inhabitants, came solely from the books she would read through voraciously at night, and from her one excursion to Vhindyar when she was ten. But it made no difference. She would never live in the city, and that was the end of it.
No, she thought to herself as she opened the barn door and began preparing food for Marmot, their young, strong plough horse. She would live on a farm for the rest of her life. Eventually she would be married, and her husband’s family would build her a home, just as her family had done for her brother Jayke, and his wife Yolan. Then she would have a husband and a house, she could start having children and raising a family, and all would be as it should be.
Until then, she thought as she leaned hard against Marmot’s tall shoulder and distractedly stroked his mane, having already pulled over an armful or two of hay for the horse to slowly mulch contentedly; until then she would just have to occupy herself with chores and books.
Giving Marmot one last hug, Erris left his pen, swinging the gate tightly shut behind her. As sedate as he was, it could lead to an entire afternoon of chasing if he got out again, and Erris had too many other chores to do. It had been Joahn’s fault the last time he escaped, but Erris had been tasked with getting him back, as usual. Every time Joahn made a mistake, Erris had to fix it. It was patently unfair. Erris had never made so many mistakes when she was young, so why did Joahn? And why was Erris stuck cleaning up after her?
Still, she had one animal down, and the rest of the farm to feed. Erris would leave the pigs; one of her sisters would likely bring out the leftovers from breakfast and last night’s supper for them when her family finished eating, and the chickens could wait. The chickens probably hadn’t even left their shady coop to parade around the yard yet, and there would be no eggs to collect until midday or so, so Erris headed for the farm’s sedate cow, Ms. Spots.
The problem with multiple siblings, Erris figured, was that you had to take turns naming new animals. The problem with taking turns was that, eventually, even the youngest got a turn.
Joahn, Erris’ youngest sister, had her first chance to name one of the farm animals four years ago when they had bought Ms. Spots. Joahn was six at the time, and had chosen, for obvious reasons, to name the milk cow Ms. Spots, though a more ridiculous name, Erris felt, could not have been possible.
Erris had named Marmot, which she felt was a perfectly appropriate name for a horse. It was not a common horse’s name, like Francis or Henry or Betsy, nor was it too ridiculous for a horse. Her brother Boll had named a piglet Soldier last year, which was just silly and inappropriate Erris thought as she dragged up a stool and placed an empty bucket under the cow’s udders. No, the problem with Ms. Spots’ name was that it was too plain. It lacked flair, finesse, originality. It was almost as bad as calling a horse blackie or brownie, or a calling a dog goldie, or a pig pinkie. Naming animals after their colour was just silly and infantile. 
She knew that Joahn had been young when she named the cow, but just last year, she had named two newborn piglets Ms. Rolly and Mr. Polly, which was also just wrong. No, Erris thought, and not for the first time, she should have been given exclusive naming rights to all the farm’s animals. She would name them well. She would certainly name all her own animals when she had her own farm.
Erris smiled as she finished milking the unfortunately-named cow. Joahn would grow up eventually, and she would learn to choose more sophisticated, more imaginative, more…appropriate, names, she thought as she picked up the now full bucket in both hands, and walked awkwardly sideways towards the house, the bucket swinging low beside her. Not to mention Joahn wouldn’t get another turn at naming for a decent while; she was last in line now, since the pigs.
As Erris laboriously climbed the steps up to the house, lugging the basket behind her, and shouldered aside the door into the kitchen, she saw that her family had already finished their breakfast, and that cleanup was well underway.
Her mother and her older sister Serah stood at the sink, washing the dishes from buckets of water that one of her brothers must have drawn up from the well. 
Serah was Erris’ eldest sister, and at eighteen it was starting to look like she might never marry. It was not that she wasn’t nice; Serah was sweet, gentle, and a fantastic cook, second only to her mother, but an accident at birth had left her with a mangled left leg. She could still walk, but only with great difficulty and pain, and it made it much more difficult for her father to find her a husband.
Erris always felt a pang of sadness when she saw her sister. She always wished there was some way she could have helped, even though she knew there wasn’t. She had even had her father trade for several basic medical texts for her to read, in hopes she could find some miracle cure, but there had been nothing in them to help her sister.  
Still, through it all, through the pain and the knowledge that she would likely end a spinster, Serah smiled. She was a saint, Erris knew, if only some man could look past her leg. Someday that might happen, Erris hoped and prayed, but it couldn’t happen soon enough. Erris knew that Ragn must have had a reason to cripple her sister, as Ragn had a reason for all He did, she just couldn’t fathom it.
Distracted by thoughts of Serah, Erris failed to notice her mother.  Short and wide, with a white apron wrapped around her waste, she headed straight towards Erris, a wooden spoon still covered in soap suds in one hand, and a scowl on her face.
‘You!’ her mother said, pointing the wooden spoon only inches away from Erris’ nose and flinging soap suds in her face, causing her to flinch her eyes closed momentarily in surprise.
‘So nice of you to show up for breakfast. Now march.’ Her mother said officiously, pointing towards the table with her free hand.
Erris saw to her dismay that a place had been left for her at the table, with a plate piled high with eggs, bacon and bread. She had lost track daydreaming during her chores; had forgotten why she had snuck out the back of the house in the first place.  Resigned to her fate, Erris only got two steps towards the table when she felt her mother rap her hard on her rear with the spoon.
‘Moooom, that hurts’ Erris whined as she turned around, her hands reaching back to cover herself from the assault, intending to glare at her mother.
All it took for Omah to stop her daughter in her tracks was a single raised eyebrow though, the kind of eyebrow that says “Try it, I dare you”. Omah was a master of the eyebrow. She had been using it on her children for twenty years, just as her mother had used it against her. Erris couldn’t raise her eyebrow yet, even though she had practiced in a mirror for hours. 
Unfortunately for Erris, there was no fighting the eyebrow, or her mother. Giving up, she slouched unhappily to the table where she sat, poking at her breakfast in front of her, wondering which of the pigs had provided the bacon that sat, still glistening, in front of her. She always felt bad eating meat, because it inevitably came from one of the farm’s animals. She figured it was probably Mallow. He was the oldest pig on the farm at the time. She really hoped it wasn’t; she always felt worse eating one of the animals she had named. 
In retrospect, Erris decided as she glumly dunked a slice of bread into one of the eggs light yellow domes, causing it to shatter and break and spill its admittedly delicious golden insides, maybe the day wasn’t going to be nearly as exciting as she had thought it would be. Not that breakfast was the end of her day by any means. There was a whole day’s work for everyone on the farm, from cleaning and cooking, to caring for the animals and repairing tools, to preparing for next months harvest. Nothing but a fever that had you bed-ridden ever got you out of chores.  Erris had tried. 
Her father Johan had sequestered himself in the tool shed with some new contraption he had bought, one that supposedly promised to not only reduce the work and time required for the harvest, but also to increase the harvests yield. So far no-one had seen it but her father and Jayke, and both were being silent and secretive about the whole project, which was slowly annoying Erris. She wanted to know. She had to know. There was a secret out there in the tool shed, and she couldn’t find out what it was. The ignominy of it was galling, almost painful. 
Still, despite all complaints and concerns for which pig she was eating, Erris eventually finished breakfast. She found out it was in fact Mallow that had provided the bacon when she delivered the pigs their slops, and it made her sad for a moment to remember the old pig. He had certainly been a model example for a pig, grunting and rolling and eating. Really that’s all he did, but still, she would miss him. 
Erris stopped for a moment after emptying the bucket, wondering to herself as the pigs waddled quickly over to the trough and started eating.  She was sure that Joahn or Boll would be given the slop to take out, instead of her.  Somewhere during breakfast she had been tricked, somehow.  She only had a few seconds to wonder though, as her mother yelling her name from inside the house quickly had her picking up the empty bucket, and dashing towards the house, and more chores.
The day passed, as days often do, and it eventually ended.  Johan being sequestered in the tool shed annoyed Erris, as it meant there was more work for the rest of the family to do. With Omah, Serah and Joahn limited to easier, household specific chores, it meant that Erris had to pull the same load as her brothers. Not that she couldn’t pull the same weight as them, just that it was a slightly more battered and tired Erris that finally slid into a chair at the dinner table that night, just as the sun was hiding itself behind the distant mountains it used as blankets once more.
Dinner was a relatively simple affair. Several omelets made with the eggs Erris had stolen from the chickens at midday, and cheese and bacon. She always hated having to fetch the eggs. The chickens always hid and protected the eggs, and rarely gave them up without a fight. She had been pecked more times than she liked to admit that afternoon. A link of sausage and bread, washed down with glasses of chilled milk completed the meal, which was more or less standard dinner fare. Erris would have liked something more green, but as she didn’t do the cooking, she didn’t get to make the choices. So she swallowed her complaints and ate, knowing that her mother would do worse than hit her with a wooden spoon if she tried ignoring two meals in a row.
Dinner and its cleanup lasted an hour, and then left the rest of the evening as free time. Erris’ father, Johan, left immediately for his tool shed, to spend more time with his new project, while her brother Jayke and his wife Yolan retired to their home, built not far from the farm’s main house. They had not been married long, and Erris knew that Yolan was trying her best to get pregnant, whatever that meant. Whatever it involved, no-one had consented to tell her yet, even though she had asked. Twice

***

Supper done, and its mess cleaned, Serah retired to knit in the living room, to listen to their mother tell the youngest, Boll and Joahn, their bedtime stories. Johan the younger, her brother not her father, stayed at the kitchen table, bringing out his woodworking tools.  Johan carved things constantly.  For the time, he mainly carved small wooden soldiers, and wooden animals.  Erris had heard their parents talking though, her father suggesting Johan be apprenticed to a cabinetmaker in town.  It would be good if it happened, Erris thought.  Good for the family, and good for Johan.  Well-made furniture was always needed.
Everyone retiring to their activities, their hobbies, was in the normal course of an evening, and it left Erris free to return to her room, and her books. She grabbed herself a candle to light her bedside lamp before leaving, then padded back over the smooth wooden floor to the large room at the back of the house that she shared with her sisters. 
Their house was standard for a farm, as far as she could tell. Her parents had one room, the boys had one room, and she and her sisters had another. The rest of the space was taken up by the family room, bathroom, and kitchen. There was storage up in the attic, and Erris knew her brothers went up there to play sometimes, but there were spiders there. Erris didn’t like spiders, what with their creepy legs and fangs and eyes and their hair. She shuddered just thinking about them. So she left the Attic to the boys. 
Really all that concerned her in the house were her books. She loved to read, and did so every chance she got. Books were chock full of new worlds, new places. They held knowledge, adventure, romance; really everything a girl could want. And if there was ever one thing she knew she wanted, it was more books. 
She had inherited several books from her father years ago, after he realized how voracious a reader his daughter was, and once she had finished the meager supply he had been able to provide, she had slowly collected several dozen more. She asked for them at birthdays, saved her allowance for them, even got her father to trade for them when he went into town. It always gave her a good feeling going to sleep, knowing that tucked away under her bed lay a good fifty odd texts. Medical tomes, farming almanacs, philosophical theses, even an obscure mathematical text that she had not as yet been able to fully decipher. Not understanding the books didn’t matter though.  They were knowledge, and they were hers.
She reminisced as she lit her bedside lamp from the candle, and blew out the candle and set it aside. She first learned to read through the Texts of Ragn, as had most people, and she still kept a much-used copy of the small, red, leather-bound religious text beside her bed. The text of Ragn taught how to live under Ragn’s eyes, how to obey his wishes and be welcomed by him in the afterlife, and it was used by both Regan and Rognian churches. But mostly it taught people how to read. It was the most common text in all of Dohm, and according to the Church everyone had one.  Well, everyone that wasn’t from Heyle, and maybe Maarin, but they were all heathens, as the Alde of the small church they visited was so fond of saying. The texts of Ragn made it so almost everyone in Dohm knew how to read, and for that it was important. 
Still, it was the treasures that hid underneath her bed, the ones that taught of new places and new ideas, that she truly loved; books about astronomy and philosophy, history and politics; books about legends and fairy tales.  Ragn’s texts couldn’t hold a candle to them.
Not that she didn’t believe in Ragn of course, she thought as she knelt and mouthed a quick evening prayer to Him before reaching under her bed for the latest book that her father had found her. It was hard to think that he didn’t exist, when he raised the sun in the sky every day, let it fall back behind the world each night. It was just…the texts were stuffy. And boring. The texts were important, yes, but Erris always wondered if maybe they were the reason so many people didn’t read anything else. Their only introduction to reading had been the texts, so they didn’t know that better books existed; books like the one she pried out from under her bed and placed in the center of her pillow. 
At a first glance, the book seemed a collection of legends and fairy tales, but at the end of each tale the author had collected all manner of scientific proof and first-hand witness statements that proved the legends were true. Stories of great sea monsters swallowing fishing boats whole were accompanied with a drawing of one of the monsters skulls, found washed ashore on a beach in northern Rege. There were other tales; from people living on the moon, and drawings of the large domes they lived in to protect them from the Sun, to stories of another continent somewhere across the sea, and copies of strange markings the author swore were another language, found on board what he claimed was a shipwreck. 
But it was the tales of magic that interested her most; that she wanted most to believe in. Unfortunately, they always boiled down to drunken merchants or street thugs who claimed to have seen a cloaked man calling down lightning, or throwing sheets of fire from his outstretched palms. They were the most interesting, but were always followed by the least amount of proof. It was sad, she thought as she opened the book. She very much wanted to believe in a tall, dark, handsome man, hooded and cloaked, visiting towns and cities and righting wrongs, and punishing evildoers. It seemed so…romantic.
No, Erris thought as she stared once again at the drawing of the sea-monster skull, its huge jaws agape and a man standing beside them as measurement, here was proof. The jaws were half again as tall as the man, and three times as wide as his outstretched arms would be. This was proof that sea monsters were real, right in her hands. She could believe in the sea monster, but the man, as much as she wished him to be real, couldn’t be.
She read for a time, reading and rereading the new book till she could remember everything it said, but she kept going back to the stories about the sea monsters. As she slowly drifted to sleep, Erris thought about how someday she would capture one of the monsters for herself, how she would train it, and teach it to eat her meat for her at meals. Then she would ride her pet sea monster across the ocean to a mystical land populated entirely by tall, handsome princes, who would conjure fire and right wrongs, and kiss her softly.  She thought something else would happen then, drowsily fading between reading and dreaming, but she still wasn’t sure what.

***

Serah hobbled into the room an hour later with her father, he carrying a sleeping Joahn.  As her father softly dropped Joahn into her bed on the far side of the room, Serah blew out the still-lit lamp by Erris’ bed, but she left Erris as she was, fast asleep and curled up happily around her book.  

II

The next morning dawned in much the same manner for Erris.  She was excited and awake before her sisters, waking as the sun started peeking over the low horizon.  The roosters would start their annoying calls soon, but Erris seldom needed them.  She had fallen asleep with her book still open, but she was glad to see that she hadn’t damaged any of the pages this time. After carefully putting away her book and its sea monsters, Erris donned the same trousers and shirt that she had worn the day before. They would need to be washed soon, but they could probably last another day at least; a little more dirt would do them no harm, and it would save Serah the pain of having to do more laundry.
The only difference from the day before was that Erris decided to head to the kitchen, instead of slipping out the window and going off on her own, to sit with the rest of the family and receive her instructions for the day. She was about to be older, and she should start acting like it. Also she had to make sure her parents didn’t get angry at her the day before her birthday. It was never a good idea to make parents angry when presents and trips to town were riding on their good humour.
Leaving her room and shutting the thin wooden door, slowly forcing it into its frame so as to not wake her two still sleeping sisters, Erris joined her already eating brothers at the table. The door to her room would have to be fixed soon, she knew. It had started to warp, and no longer fit quite rightly in the doorframe. But that was a task for another day, when Johan the younger had some time to spend on woodwork. Taking a seat beside her father, Erris sat with a straight back, her hands in her lap as she had read a lady should. She could be a good, proper daughter if she wanted to, she was sure.
‘Nice of you to join us today, girl’ her father said, tousling her hair with one of his large hands. His hands were clean, but calloused, and they would be covered in dirt before the day was done, as they always were. Her father was large, and strong. He had a broad chest, and very wide shoulders. He may not have been the tallest man she had ever seen, but a lifetime of hard work on a farm had left him well muscled, even as he got older. True, he was starting to grow a belly, but Erris had decided he was allowed to. It made him look a bit more like her books had said an old man should.
‘I’m being responsible’ Erris replied, eyeing a large bundle of paper that sat on the table between her father and her brother Jayke, ‘What’s that?’
‘It’s a secret’ Jayke said, grinning over her father’s shoulder as her father replied. Jayke sat on the other side of her father, on the same side of the table, while Boll and Johan the younger sat on the other side, intent on dispatching plates of omelette and sausage that sat before them. Jayke was taller than her father, but leaner, while Johan the younger was taller than them both, and still growing. Boll was too young to tell yet, he still had some of his baby fat, but Omah had said that he would be big someday like her brothers, so it must be true.
‘It’s the manual for the new tool we’re building’ her father said as he turned his attention back to the manual, and breakfast, ‘Don’t worry, you can have it when we’ve finished with it. You’ll probably be able to understand better than us anyway.’
Boll, Erris’ youngest brother at thirteen, kicked the underside of the table in complaint, hard enough to voice displeasure, but not too hard as to cause any of the milk on the table to spill. He knew he could still get away with some outbursts of complaint, but if he spilt breakfast, he was sure to get the wooden spoon from Omah in punishment. 
‘Why does Erris always get things? Why can’t I have something” he whined angrily, glaring jealously at his older sister.
‘Because I’m smart, and you’re dumb’ Erris retorted, sticking out her tongue across the table. Erris wanted to ask her father if she could help him translate the manual, both to read it and to find out the secret, almost as much as she wanted to argue with Boll, but before the two could get a decent argument going, Erris’ mother rapped her on the head again, this time with her bare knuckles, as she put a plate of leftovers on the table in front of Erris, the same fare as her brothers were already midway through.
‘I thought we were going to be mature today’ Omah said, smiling and turning back to the stove to prepare food for Erris’ other, still sleeping, sisters.
‘I was, but I got bored’ Erris replied, as she began to eat. ‘Can I help with the tool?’ she asked, mouth half full of omelette. If she couldn’t argue, at least she could try to find out the secret.
‘Sorry munchkin, I want it to be a surprise’ her father replied. ‘Jayke, where’s Yolan?’ Johan asked as Serah and Joahn walked slowly into the kitchen, Serah with an arm around Joahn as a modicum of support.
‘Uh, she’s still asleep’ Jayke answered, stammering the first words, ‘She’ll come help when she’s feeling better’ he said, blushing slightly. Erris wondered briefly why Jayke would be blushing, but quickly became more interested in her breakfast. She missed her mother’s beaming smile.
‘Right, anyway, now that everyone’s here…tasks for the day.’ Erris’ father said as her mother set down the remaining plates for breakfast, one for each of her daughters and one for herself. ‘Serah, Joahn, help your mother again, you know the drill. Fetch the water, feed the chickens, help clean up around the house, whatever your mother needs help with, you do it.’
‘Yes papa’ the girls replied as Johan continued.
‘Jayke and Johan, I’ll be in the shed again, that leaves you two to start on the fence work.’ Several of the large logs that formed the fence around the barn had rotted through and broken apart in a recent storm. An entire section of the fence would have to be rebuilt from scratch, the old fence posts dug out and new holes dug for new posts, before the larger animals could safely be let out of the barn. The boys had been working on it for two days, and there was still days more work to do.
‘Boll, Erris, that will leave you two with the rest of the chores. Roll in a new hay bale, muck out the barn and feed the animals, then check on the garden. Once that’s done, Boll start on the firewood, but be careful with the axe. Erris, milk the cow, then help your brothers with the fence’
As the family around the table nodded in general assent, Joahn stood up on her chair, her hands on the table in front of her. Even standing on the chair, the ten year old stood inches shorter than her still-seated father, her cheeks ballooning out from stuffing too much food in at once.
‘Hew naemse Ms Sspots!’ Joahn yelled angrily, tiny bits of egg flew from her mouth, fortunately only landing on the table in front of her.
‘Yes, right, sorry. Erris, milk Ms. Spots’ her father said sighing and massaging his forehead with his right hand. He had learnt decades ago that you don’t try to argue with a ten year old, and Joahn, as the youngest of seven children, was worse than most. She always got what she wanted; her parents were generally too tired to discipline her, up to and including bringing her stuffed bear toy to every meal, and pretending to feed it. Erris still didn’t understand how she kept it free from mess. Somehow Joahn always got more food on herself than on her bear.
With breakfast done, chairs were pushed away from the table, bumping and grinding over the wood floor, and the family went to work. Erris’ mother and sisters stayed to clear the table, while her father and older brothers left in the direction of the tool shed. Her father would pass them out the tools they would need, post-digger, shovels, crowbar, so that Johan the younger wouldn’t be able to see the secret project. 
That left Erris with Boll. Unfortunately. Now thirteen, Boll had at one time been a happy, energetic boy, equally eager to help and to play. Two years ago however, Dom, the second eldest brother, had cut off his ties with the family, and had left to join the priesthood. Apparently the rest of the family hadn’t been devout enough for him, and while Erris was starting to understand the fights between Dom and her father, Boll did not. To Boll, he was missing his big brother; his best friend.
Erris didn’t remember very much about Dom anymore. It had been years since he’d left, years since anyone in the family but Boll had talked about him, and even longer since she’d last talked to him. She had never been a party to the loud arguments between Dom and her parents, but she remembered hiding her head under her pillow some nights, trying to drown out the yelling. 
What she did remember about Dom was that she hadn’t liked him. He had always ignored his chores, gone off on his own, leaving extra work for the rest of the family. And he had been mean to the animals. Erris could remember him walking through the yard, distracted, kicking angrily at any of the chickens that strayed into his path. Erris didn’t think he meant it, he was just…angry. Violent.
It was sad really. Boll had followed Dom everywhere, pretending to be a soldier with him. Back then, Boll had been happy, as young boys should be, unaware that Dom was, well, bad. But now, he was angry all the time, and would start fights at the drop of a hat. 
Erris wondered sometimes what had happened to Dom.  He had left to join the church, that she knew, but she couldn’t imagine him as an Alde, running a congregation and delivering Ragn’s word to the people.  He had probably become a Hunar or a Legnar; a soldier of the church, fighting to expand Rognia, and Ragn’s, influence over Dohm.
Still, she and Boll had a job to do, and the work was heavy enough that it didn’t leave much time for talking. Not that she and Boll ever had much to talk about anyway. He wanted to run off and become a soldier, or a priest, just because Dom had. When he did talk, he would talk about Dom only, and Erris had never liked Dom. He had burned one of her books once, saying it was heresy. He had been given a good beating by her father as punishment, and her mother gave him burnt food for a week, but still. That book was gone, Erris would never get to read it again. Erris knew everything it said of course, but still. The book itself was gone, and that was just sad.
Erris was sweating profusely by the time they rolled the hay bale into the barn; clammy, sweating, and smelling of manure by the time they mucked out the stalls in the barn, and just plain tired when she finished milking Ms. Spots. Her mother and sisters were in the garden when she got to the house, lugging the full pail of milk, so she left it on the floor of the kitchen and quickly threw water on her face before heading back out into the sun. If her mother and sisters were in the garden, they wouldn’t need help, so she would have to go off to help her other brothers while Boll chopped firewood.
The earlier work hadn’t been as bad. When she and Boll were bringing in the hay, the sun was still low in the sky, and while mucking the barn and milking the cow she had been in the shade. The walk to the fence was short, but the day was starting to warm.  It was with some apprehension that she joined her brothers, both shirtless and sweaty under the midday sun, to help remove another post.
‘Is it hard?’ she asked as she reached the two boys, who were both leaning on their shovels and breathing heavily.  She pulled off her tunic, leaving on her loose fitting undershirt. She was going to boil; they all were, but at least years of work in the sun had made her almost immune to sunburns. Her skin was tanned, her hands calloused, her nails short and cracked, and her hair short and unkempt, but she didn’t care. There was no-one around the farm to think her pretty, so why try when you were only going to get dirtier the next day?
‘Oh, you’re going to love this, E,’ Jayke said, grinning at her. ‘Grab the crowbar and come help us pry this post out.’
It took the three of them a good half hour to lever, heave, and pull the old wooden post out of the ground, and then another half hour to widen the hole enough to fit in a new, freshly cut post, and fill in the soil around it. 
Joahn was sent to them several times, with water and glasses to keep from dehydrating, but by the time the three got the last rotten post out, and the last new post in, a good five and a half hours had past. All three were dirty, tired, and hungry.
‘Right! That’s it. We’re done here for today’ Jayke said, as all three collapsed on the soil around the last post, panting heavily and wiping the sweat from their brows. ‘You two head back to the house. I’ll take the tools back to Father, and let him know we’re done here. Check on Boll, see if he’s finished.’ Jayke, true to his word, stood and began collecting the tools that lay scattered around the freshly churned dirt. The job was not done, but it would probably take them another three days to fix the rest of the fence, and it was getting late. 
With their brother up and moving, Erris and Johan had no choice but to get up and move as well, even though their muscles ached and protested vehemently. They went to check on Boll first, but the only sign that he had been chopping logs were a number of messily stacked rows of firewood. Someday Boll would do a good job at one of his chores, and Erris thought she might throw a party. Content that he was already at the house, even if he hadn’t worked well, the two slowly ached their way back home.  

***

‘I’
‘Hate’
‘Fences’
Johan cursed, panting as they approached the front steps, and Erris could only nod in accord as they climbed to the door, and walked in. 
Inside, everyone was too exhausted for a lively meal. A day of double work had taken its toll on the whole family. Only Erris’ father had a smile on his face.
‘It’s ready’ he said, wiping the head from his upper lip as he drank from a mug of his dark, homemade ale. Erris couldn’t stand the stuff, ale.  She had tried some several weeks ago, but the bitter taste threw her off.  Still, as much as her father and brothers enjoyed it, it was probably the reason her father was growing a belly, so she was glad she didn’t like it. She didn’t want to be fat. 
‘Day after tomorrow, when we get back from town, I’ll show it to everyone.’ Her father finished with a grin.
Even the announcement that Johans secret project, the tool that he had been working on for weeks, was done couldn’t energize the exhausted group, and the family almost as a whole went to bed early that night. Erris birthday was the next day, and they would all need rest for the morning chores, and then the ride to Oortain’s Copse. 
Erris thought fondly of Oortain’s Copse as she and her sisters readied themselves for bed.  Her sisters were talking in low whispers, excited for the trip, but Erris stayed silent.  The rest of the family liked the Copse for the shops, or the inn, or whatever else.  Erris though, liked the Copse for an entirely different reason.
Settling herself into bed, Erris read briefly from her book on legends before putting out her small bedside lamp, and this time, rather than sea monsters, she found herself dreaming of a tall, black-cloaked man, who brought justice to the lands with lightning called from his fingertips, and wielded a flaming sword to do away with wrongdoers. 
He was righteous of course, he protected the weak and punished the evil, and he cared so much for the little people. And most of all, he could do magic.
He was a prince of course, with a large black stallion, and she rode with him, her arms clenched across his chest and her face buried in his strong, muscular shoulders as her hair whipped behind her, and the horse beneath them moved and stretched like something not of this world, flying swifter than the wind. It rode into the sky, and then flew from cloud to wispy cloud, its hooves barely stirring the soft white clouds as they galloped across the heavens, gazing at the infinite expanse of stars above them.
It was a good dream. 

III

When Erris woke the next morning, she was sixteen. She opened her eyes and lay staring at the ceiling, watching as dust motes danced and twirled slowly through the shafts of morning light that shone through the window.  The sunlight cut sharply through the darkness of the room, and she found herself wondering why it really mattered. 
A birthday was just a number, after all; an arbitrary means of measuring a person’s age and maturity without taking into any consideration the person themselves. Nothing concrete was gained on a birthday. No life altering lessons were imparted when you woke, magically one year older. There was no swift increase in height or chest size or intelligence. A birthday was simply a number, a number that realistically meant nothing, yet technically meant everything.
She knew from her books that some people never really grew up, never matured, but they were considered adults because they were older. Why were they allowed to make decisions and vote, and she wasn’t? She was certainly smart. She had read more books than almost everyone she knew, and weren’t books the source of knowledge?
As she lay motionless in bed, basking in the warmth of the sun, and the day, Erris knew her logic was sound. A birthday was not really an important or meaningful occasion. She wondered, then, why she found herself so excited. 
Still, she thought as she closed her eyes against the bright morning light, thinking about the uselessness of birthdays wouldn’t help her at all. What with the trip to the village later in the day, chores for the morning would be reduced, and mostly done by her brothers and sisters, so maybe if she just went back to sleep no-one would notice. It was her birthday after all. Birthdays might not mean anything in the grand scheme of things, but if she was allowed to stay abed, they might not be as silly and useless as she thought. Erris smiled as she rolled over, curling around and hugging her warm covers to her chest. She was a butterfly, wrapped in a cocoon of warmth and serenity.
Unfortunately, the extravagance of having a few more hours of sleep never manifested itself. No sooner had Erris rolled over and snuggled herself comfortably into her blankets than she was hit in the back with a flurried tangle of arms and legs.
‘Erris! Erris! You’re ooooooold!’
Joahn dragged out the syllables of that last word, using a piercing pitch that should have been impossible for human vocal chords to reach, to further draw out the pain of being called old. As bad as being called old was, being denied sleep was worse. Erris shrugged and struggled as her youngest sister, now six years younger but still strong and agile, tried to wrap her arms and legs around Erris in her covers in a perverse, unwanted sort of bear-hug.
As Erris tried to free an arm to swat at the troublesome rodent clinging rat-like to her back, she heard a noise in front of her face that made her snap her eyes open immediately, already glaring at the visage in front of her.
‘Erris! Erris! You’re oooold!’ Serah whispered, her round face taking up all of Erris vision while she grinned ferociously and drew out old as mockingly as humanly possible before she too jumped onto Erris bed in a slow tackle.
‘Nooooo lemme sleep’ Erris tried to mumble, but she knew when she was defeated. Still trapped in her blankets, with a sister hugging her on either side, she gave up. Uttering a final, muffled noise of complaint as she tucked her head into her covers, Erris cocooned and lay still. She regretted the loss of extra sleep, but, after a minute or so of warm hug from her sisters, decided that maybe birthdays weren’t so bad after all.

***

Time passed; hours filled with waking, food, chores.  Hours filled with a mounting excitement. The hours passed, and finally Erris’ family was on the road. The morning chores had been finished quickly; the animals were milked, fed, and ensconced safely in their pens while Johan senior hitched Marmot to the wagon.  For the two hours since then Erris, her mother and father and brothers and sisters, had all been either been walking alongside or riding on the wagon, while fields of golden wheat passed slowly by on either side. 
Erris had started out on top of the wagon, in part to read the new historical text she had been given by her father for her birthday, in part to keep her nice summer dress as clean from the dirt and dust of the road as possible. It was a pretty dress after all, white and hemmed with nice blue needlework. It came down just past her knees, which left her feeling much more free than her regular work trousers, but the neckline wasn’t low enough for it to seem risqué. 
Time had worn on that morning though, and concerns for her dress had lost the battle to the jostle and bounce of the wagon, the noise of her siblings, and the dryness of her new book.  The wagon jumped with every dip and rise in the road, and the crates of salted pork and sacks of flour jumped with it.  Joahn and Boll argued constantly, ignoring any ultimatums delivered from her parents.  And her new book, a historical text with an intricate, blow by blow accounting of the political strife and turmoil between Dheme and Dhome over the past century, was dry. So it was that noon found Erris walking alongside Marmot, kicking lazily at passing clumps of dirt with her heavy leather shoes, unconcerned about the fine brown dust that was slowly settling onto the bottom of her dress.
Not that the story of Dheme and Dhome wasn’t interesting. Two democracies at the very eastern edge of the continent sharing everything, from religion to currency to their capital city, yet hating each other, was just strange. It was also confusing. Erris didn’t understand why they had chosen names so close to Dohm, the name of the continent, or why they had named the two halves of the capital city they shared after each other. The capital city was split by a river, and Dheme's half was named Dhome, and Dhome's half was named Dheme. There was even an island in between the two cities, and it housed both the countries governments. At the same time. They even shared the same legislature, each country getting half of the chamber. It was just madness, and it sounded incredibly confusing. Confusing and interesting.  Erris decided she needed to concentrate on reading it.
Her family had broken off into little groups a while ago. Joahn was bothering Boll with little girls’ games in the back of the wagon, Boll trying his best to ignore her and failing, while Omah, Yolan and Serah sat, heads together on the wagons front seat, whispering in hushed tones. Erris was sure she heard occasional giggles coming from her older sisters, but couldn’t concern herself to join them, even if there had been room on the front of the wagon. Her father, Jayke and Johan were walking ahead of the wagon, her father laughing loudly and frequently with an arm draped over Jayke's shoulder.
This left Erris alone with Marmot, to walk and think. Her father had given her the history text for her birthday, and she knew she would enjoy it when she had more time to spend prowling its hard-bound depths, hopefully surrounded by fewer distractions, but the text had brought several questions to mind. She still had a present to ask for from her mother, and from her brothers and sisters. Normally, as in years past, she would have asked for even more books, and she would have enjoyed whatever they found for her, but she was starting to question. 
She loved almost everything she read, whether it was the religious sermons of Ragn's text or fairy tales or educational texts or philosophical musings, it didn’t matter. But most of her collection of books did not warrant repeated reading. She would absorb a book in a half-day or so, and she would remember it. This left her only the most interesting, or the most difficult, books to reread.
As such, it was hard for Erris to say if it was worthwhile to ask for more books. She loved reading, to be sure, but surely she could do more with her presents..  Surely, after everything she had read, she could write too. She had not tried writing; not yet. Paper and ink were not a staple of farm life. But if she used her remaining presents on writing supplies…
Erris walked in contemplative silence as Marmot and her family slowly made their way towards Oortain's Copse, and the afternoon plodded slowly on. 

***

Oortain’s Copse was a small village, seventy or eighty buildings total, nestled in a small valley and surrounded by a lush green forest.  The forest was small as well, small enough that it only barely enfolded the village, a tiny patch of green surrounded by an ocean of golden wheat on every side, and as such, both the forest and the village looked strangely out of place, like they belonged in another part of the world. 
At only an eight-hour walk away, Oortain’s Copse was the closest village to the farm, but it stood in Rognia.  This meant that, at some point during the day’s walk, the family and Marmot had crossed the border from Rege into Rognia.  But a border separating wheat from more wheat was both useless and indistinguishable, and it was never until she reached Oortain’s Copse that Erris felt she had entered another country.  Entering Rognia meant entering the dominion of a different Church.  Both Rege and Rognia believed in Ragn, as did virtually all of Dohm, but they differed greatly on how that church should be run.  Rege had a Monarchy, a good old King and Queen who lived in Vhindyar, while Rognia was a religious state.  The Maeter was the master of the army, the priesthood, and everything in between in Rognia.  The Regan priesthood took their cues largely from Rognia, but they were not so absolute, or so fervent, in their devotion to Ragn. 
There were other differences too.  In Rege, houses tended to be low, long, and wooden, often with an attic but seldom with a second story.  It was a style Erris was both used to and preferred, while the houses in Rognia, at least those she had seen, tended to be tall and narrow, with brightly coloured panels separated by thin strips of wood.
Rognian clothing was much more chaste as well.  The women never bared any leg, and hardly any chest at all in their long, beautifully coloured and frilled dresses, and the men wore tight-fitted jackets that buttoned almost all the way to their chin.  The people themselves though, at least those she had met, were just as nice as Regans.  It was hard for Erris to say more really.  She learned everything from books, and the one book that might have been able to tell her more about Rognia, her brother Dom had burned.  She was still sad about that book.  She always wondered what it had said about the people of Rognia, and thereby Oortain’s Copse, for her brother to have burnt it.  
Then again, Oortain’s Copse was on the very edge of the Rognian Empire, and had a fair amount of intermarriage between Rege and Rognia.  They were less religious, and more accepting than the center of Rognia, where Erris had heard stories of women being arrested and beaten by the church, for wearing nothing worse than she wore now.  Those stories were passed along by word of mouth though, and Erris could never fully trust something that wasn’t written down on paper or parchment.  
Still, while she knew they were not utilitarian at all, Erris always found herself wanting one of the lovely Rognian dresses, with their lace and frills and petticoats, and all the differently coloured layers.  The way the layered skirts spread out in a wide circle, rather than clinging closely to the legs like Regan dresses made them so interesting.  It would be completely un-wearable around the farm, of course, but maybe when her chest had filled out some more…  Her mother and sisters had, so surely hers would someday too.  Erris barely noticed that the streets were virtually deserted as she pondered what she would look like in her new dress.  All she managed to notice was that there were none of the pretty Rognian dresses out in the street for her to see, which made her momentarily sad.  She liked inspecting them, liked imagining what the frills and petticoats would feel like swishing about her legs as she walked, wondering what would happen if she jumped, or twirled on the spot, while wearing them.
‘Right’ her father said, pulling Marmot and the wagon to a stop in front of the village’s large, three storey tavern, the second largest building in the village behind the large stone Rognian church, ‘I have to go unload all this.’  He said, shrugging towards the goods they had brought, piled in the back of the wagon and used as makeshift seats during the journey.  ‘Boll, Joahn, you stay with your mother, and do as she says’ he said to the children, who nodded their ascent in silence.  ‘The rest of you, you’re on your own.  We’ll meet back here in two hours for dinner.’
Omah, Serah, Yolan and the children made their way down from the wagon as Jayke walked up to Marmot.  ‘I’ll join you Pops.’ He said, taking Marmots reigns and rubbing the horse’s nose friendlily.  
Her mother and sisters would visit the market, looking for some of the few vegetables they didn’t grow, and for any of the spices they were running low on.  Her father and brother began to lead the horse and wagon off down the road, then Johan would head straight for the tavern for ale; he did every time they visited Oortain’s Copse.  So Erris was left on her own, as she liked it.  Her birthday was the first excuse the family had made to go into town in over a month and a half, which left each of them with errands, some important, some not.  As the rest of her family separated, smiling and talking together as they split into groups, Erris walked purposefully over the grey cobblestone streets, her hardbound history text clutched in her arms.  She knew exactly where she would be spending her afternoon.
It was strange, going so long without news or contact from the outside world, but Erris’ parents seemed to prefer it that way, and Erris had never known any different.  She was still getting used to having Yolan, Jayke’s new bride, around the house.  Yolan came from a farm some four hours away from home, and Erris had only seen her twice before she and Jayke were married.  She had never even spoken to Yolan before the wedding.  She liked Yolan, liked that she was part of the family now, but it was a sign of how secluded her family really was.  
It was part of the reason Erris had chosen to come to Oortain’s Copse for her birthday.  The sights and sounds of a town were almost mystifying to her.  There were dozens of houses; hundreds of people in Oortain’s Copse!  How did they all live together?  She knew that cities were larger, and had many times more inhabitants, but those were just wrong.  Oortain’s Copse she felt she might someday be able to understand.  Small enough to know every persons name, but big enough that, if you didn’t want to be alone, you didn’t have to be.
The other part of why Erris had chosen Oortain’s Copse for her birthday, not counting being able to see the soldiers (that came only from a small, unfamiliar but slowly growing part of her mind), was that Oortain’s Copse was different from the other little villages that dotted the Regan and Rognian countryside’s within a day’s walk of the farm.  It was Erris’ favourite of the villages for one reason: It had a bookstore.  Or maybe more of a library, it really depended.
The bookstore encompassed the first and second floors of a three-storey house that stood on one of the villages smaller side streets.  It was owned, curated, and managed by a nice old man.  He would sell you some books, lend you others if he liked you, and not let you even touch even more.  He took even more care of his collection than Erris did.  She sometimes wished she might someday own a collection its equal.
She liked the old man, Erris thought as she walked down the completely deserted streets, oblivious to the boarded windows and doors on several of the tall narrow houses she passed, and the general air of desertion that encompassed the town as a whole.  The bookkeeper was old and crooked, and walked with a cane, and he smelled dry and musty, like everything else in his house, but he knew so much about books.  He had more in his house than Erris thought she could ever read, and he knew everything about all of them.  He had read or seen every book Erris owned, and she could remember several times, spending her entire time in Oortain’s Copse simply discussing the books with him, what they said, what they meant, what she thought of them.
In short, the little old man’s bookstore was a paradise to Erris, and always her first stop when she came to Oortain’s Copse.  Often her only stop.  Her father and brothers could deal with trade, her sisters and mother could handle the shopping.  All she cared about were her books.
So it was with some surprise, and no small amount of panic, that Erris came upon the shriveled old man outside his house, waving his cane at two muscled youths who were busy filling a large, canvas-topped wagon with boxes upon boxes of what Erris could only assume were the old man’s vast collection of books.
Erris stood, poleaxed and slack-jawed, in the middle of the deserted street until the man finally looked up and saw her standing there, motionless.  Moving to the front seat of the wagon, he grabbed a small burlap sack, then slowly walked over to where Erris still stood, his cane tapping out a broken gait on the cobblestone street.
‘Girl’ the old man started, setting the sack down slowly in front of Erris, but he got no further.
‘What’s going on?’  Erris started, speaking rapidly, her questions tumbling over each other, ‘Where are your books going?  Where are you going?  Are you leaving?  You can’t leave!’ she stammered, taking a breath and leaning towards the bookkeeper anxiously.  Erris noticed that she was taller than him now, though whether because he was shrinking or she growing she didn’t know or care.  He was shriveled and bent, but always before he had been taller than Erris.  He would always look down at her with his gently wrinkled face, and he just seemed so dear.  Now she was taller than him, and she felt the revelation meant something more than she was growing, something more important, but at the time she couldn’t put a finger on it.  She was much more concerned for her books than for anything else.
‘Calm yourself, child’ the old man said, reaching out and putting a wizened old hand on her shoulder, and breathing in deeply.  ‘Trouble is coming’ he said with a sigh, looking her straight in the eye.  His eyes were dark black, and filled with tremendous knowledge and insight and, for the first time, sorrow.  ‘My friends and I are leaving before it hits.  We will go to the capital, where we can be safe.’ He said, motioning backwards toward the wagon with his free hand.  ‘We have friends in the capital who will care for us.’  The old man had always called his books his friends.  Erris had always thought him endearingly strange before, now she only felt confused.
‘What trouble?  Why do you have to leave?’  Erris asked, still unbelieving.  ‘Where will I go for books now?’
‘I am sorry child, more sorry than you can know,’ the bookkeeper said with another sigh.  ‘If you do not know yet of the trouble coming, then it is not my place to tell you.  Ask your father, if he is here with you.  If he does not know yet, he will before the day is out.’
As Erris stared at him, uncomprehending, the bookkeeper poked the sack on the ground with his cane.
‘As for friends, here.  These are for you.  I did not let you see them before, nor did I intend to show you them so soon, but you will enjoy them.  And they are not welcome where I am going.  I was going to leave them at the tavern for you or your father, but this is better.’  The old man looked at her again, and she could feel how serious he was.  ‘Just be careful with them, girl.  These books are priceless; show them to no-one.  Keep them away from the church, they would not understand, or appreciate.’
Erris knelt down slowly and opened the burlap sack, confused.  ‘Why would the church hate books?’ she thought, then she remembered Dom.  He had burned one of her books; maybe these were the same.  Inside the sack were a good dozen or so small, leather-bound books.  As Erris looked up, trying to stammer out confused thanks, the old man turned and started quickly back towards his wagon, waving his cane at the two youths who had apparently taken the time out from under his watchful eye to rest.
As she stood in the middle of the road, holding the bag and watching the departing bookkeeper, still confused, Erris realized that, after knowing him for years, Erris had never learned his name.  He had always been the old man, or the bookkeeper, to her.  Now she knew she would never see him again, and she hadn’t even said goodbye.  
She still could of course.  He stood only a few paces away, waving his cane wildly in the air.  But for some reason she felt she shouldn’t.  Maybe she was getting older, but she thought the old man seemed sad when he said goodbye, sad enough that going back to him now would be worse.
As she turned and slowly walked, blank faced, back towards the tavern, Erris found herself feeling soul-crushingly lonely.  Once again she ignored the cobblestone streets with their boarded up houses.  She missed the overgrown gardens which had seemingly been left to grow wild for weeks.  She missed that the streets were empty, and that no smokestack showed signs of use.  Not that she could be blamed, not really, not after what had just happened.  The day had just turned into one of the worst ever.

***

The tavern was not empty when Erris walked in, but the only member of her family there yet was Johan, who sat alone in a corner nursing a mug of ale till Erris joined him.  
Johan nodded to her as she sat next to him, and Erris shrugged absently in response to his raised, questioning eyebrow when he saw the glass of wine she brought to the table.  The innkeeper hadn’t questioned when she asked for it; a raised eyebrow was the extent of the communication between them.  The coppers she would have spent on books no longer could be, and wine was as good as anything else.  After that they sat, drank slowly, and watched the tavern.
The tavern was dark, as taverns are wont to be, lit only by candles on each table and several lanterns around the walls.  The floor was clean-swept, the tables and chairs well polished, but it was much emptier than she had ever seen it before.  The innkeeper stood at the bar by the door, slowly polishing mugs, absently looking over the floor in front of him, but there was no sign of the large guard who had stood at the door the last time Erris was in.  
Large wooden tables dotted the taverns floor, all made of dark, polished wood, stained and scratched from years of use.  There was a rise at the center of the front hall where musicians normally played but, just like the rest of the tavern, it was empty.  The smells of cooking came from the back of the tavern behind the bar, as they should, but the tavern itself still seemed wrong.  It exuded a dark, uncomfortable air, as if the tavern itself was grim and contemplative.
The tavern was by no means crowded, but it was also not very quiet.  There were several men at the bar who looked like regulars; their heads down, they concentrated on the food or beer in front of them, and on ignoring each other and the rest of the tavern.  But those men were quiet.
What noise there was came from a group of ten or so young soldiers who had pulled together two tables in the center of the tavern floor, and were drinking, singing boisterously, and telling loud, off-colour jokes.  Normally Erris would have been intrigued by them, her eyes drawn to their tight breeches and fine, gold buttoned red jackets, but the noise and general lack of decorum or professionalism that they sported turned her off from the start, helped in no small part by her dark mood.
They were big, Erris saw as she glanced at them uninterestedly, but not nearly as big as her father and brothers.  They were also older.  These were not the sixteen year old recruits who did the rounds of the farms and small towns, giving out news and keeping the peace, these soldiers were all older, more experienced than that.  But they weren’t grizzled old veterans either.  The soldiers in the tavern seemed to be in their mid twenties, young enough to have kept their youthful exuberance, not yet old enough to have gained wisdom. 
Before too long, the rest of the family made it to the tavern as well, and they ate, but it was a somber group that sat at the table.  None of them had enjoyed what they’d found in Oortain’s Copse it seemed, and even the children kept quiet.  There seemed something wrong with the atmosphere, Erris thought, that the soldiers should still be drinking loudly, while her family sat so gloomily, and on her birthday no less.  Something was clearly wrong in the world, she felt, she just couldn’t tell what.  Her eyes slightly glazed and her movements sluggish, she wondered if more wine might help her solve the problem; identify what it was that felt so wrong.  Or maybe it was the three glasses of wine she had already drunk that was making it so hard to think, she couldn’t quite tell.
‘Right,’ her father said abruptly, and Erris’ vision swam slightly as she quickly snapped her eyes up towards him from the table she had been staring at, half asleep.
‘We need to talk.’ Johan senior said, standing, and Erris could tell he was serious, though he shook his head as she started to try to rise.  ‘Girls, stay here and watch the children.’ He said, looking at Yolan, Serah and Erris, then he motioned with his head to a corner of the tavern away from both their table, and the soldiers.  The rest of the family stood and followed him, and left Erris, her sisters, and Boll sitting or sleeping at the table.
Yolan and Serah both looked concerned as they glanced steadily towards the rest of the family, who now stood huddled in a close circle, listening as Jayke talked animatedly.  Erris didn’t know what they knew, what they had heard or figured out, but it was certainly more than she had.  
‘The bookkeeper is leaving’ Erris said to no-one, and no-one listened.  Joahn and Boll were asleep, Yolan and Serah caught up in their own thoughts.  Everyone at the table was much more invested in something else, and the air of general melancholy continued unabated.
Several minutes passed, the three sisters trying in vain to understand what was happening, what the rest of the family could be talking about.  The two children, Joahn and Boll, young and innocent, slept, blissfully unaware.  They wouldn’t know there was something wrong, they couldn’t. They had eaten, were happy, and now slept.  Even Erris, who had trouble following what was happening, knew more than them; knew that something was wrong.   At that moment, she envied their sleeping forms.
Dusk had fallen, the quickly retreating sun casting shadows on the world outside, and between the long day of travel and a glass of wine each during supper, Joahn and Boll both sat with their backs against the tavern wall, their heads resting against each other as they slept.  Erris was tempted to join them.
Erris had just decided to roll herself up along one of the tavern benches; she could learn nothing watching the discussion in the corner, and sleep was calling so sweetly, when the thick silence at the table was noisily broken.  
Chairs dragged and the table shifted as three of the young, red uniformed soldiers from the center tables got up and sat at her table, two to the right of Yolan and one on Erris’ left, accompanied by laughter and jeers from the other soldiers still seated at their tables.
The three were clearly intoxicated; their eyes were glazed and their speech slurred as the soldier closest to Yolan put his arm around her and started to speak.
‘What’re you preddy ladies doing all alone’ he said as he tried to stroke Yolan’s auburn hair.  Yolan recoiled sharply from his touch, and likely the alcohol on his breath as well.
All three soldiers were young, possibly the youngest of the ten in the tavern, but tall and well-muscled.  While the short, straight swords sheathed at their hips glittered menacingly, their once pristine red uniforms were splotched and stained from beer and food.  
Unfortunately the soldiers were not so drunk as to be easily fended off, and the soldier with his arm around Yolan easily held onto her as she tried to squirm away, simply shifting his chair closer, and his arm tighter around her in the process.
Erris was even more surprised as the soldier next to her slid an arm around her shoulder as well, grabbing her left wrist tightly in his other hand to keep her from twisting away.
His eyes were half closed, and very bloodshot as he squinted at her, as if weighing something.  He grabbed her chin hard with the rough hand that was draped around her shoulder as she tried to turn away, forcing her to face him.
Erris’ world spun as his face filled her vision.  The soldier was young, eighteen at most, with unkempt hair, a pimpled face, and a good week’s stubble growing in sparse patches on his chin.  It was not till he opened his mouth though that she realized why her head was spinning.  
The sickeningly cloying smell of decay, combined with the smell of too much alcohol, washed over her as he started to speak, and she could see that at least one of his teeth was black, and close to rotting out as she tried to keep herself from vomiting.
‘Your really predty too’ he slurred as he let go of her chin, apparently finished with his unwanted appraisal.
Erris turned her head away quickly as she fought for air, happy to be free from the soldiers’ rough grasp till she looked back to the table and saw the third soldier leaning over the table towards Serah, squinting hard.
‘You’re pretty ugly,’ he said, leaning back, ‘Why aren’t you pretty like th’other two?  Hey Fraen, I want a pretty one too.  Share yours.’  He shoved at the soldier holding Yolan, who laughed and batted his hand away absently.  The second soldier was still grabbing at Yolan, who continued to struggle futilely.
Erris stood quickly, too quickly for the soldier beside her to catch, and slammed her balled fists furiously against the table.
‘Leave her alone!’ she shouted, and all laughter at the soldiers’ tables stopped for a second, until she was grabbed roughly from behind.
The soldier behind her had reached around her waist with his left arm, and he forced her to sit on his lap as he slung his right arm over her shoulder again.
‘Shut it, bitch’ he said, and Erris started to squirm as he began to slide his right hand down the front of her dress.
She was saved by a distraction at the other side of the table.  Jayke had arrived, she didn’t know when or where from, she didn’t care, all she knew was he was there, and his face had turned beet-red in anger.
He said not a word, just grabbed the soldier who had his arm wrapped around Yolan by the front of his uniform, and lifted him two feet in the air.  Two of the soldiers polished brass buttons popping off in the process, dropping with dull pings as they hit the wooden table, rolling slightly.  Erris wasn’t sure why she noticed the buttons out of everything else happening.  They just stood out to her for some reason.
Jayke stood for a second, veins on his neck and arms bulging, his eyes wide as he glared murder at the soldier held above him.  The soldier seemed frightened.  His legs kicked vainly in the air below him, and he grabbed at Jayke’s arms in a weak attempt at freeing himself.  Jayke held him there a moment, staring at the soldier as if judging something,  then he grunted and his arms strained as he hurled the soldier bodily towards the tables at the center of the room.  
The tavern was silent for a fraction of a second, then the grating of chairs on the wooden floor filled it as the rest of the soldiers stood en-masse.  Blessedly, the soldier that had been grabbing at Erris stood as well, dropping her to the table as his attention shifted to her brother.
Jayke stood facing the soldier he had thrown, who was scrambling quickly to his feet, but the rest of the soldiers stood facing him, all laughter gone from their faces, and their hands on sword-hilts.
It was the thrown soldier who drew first, and Yolan screamed as the short sword rasped free of its leather sheath, swinging up, glittering in the tavern firelight, to point waveringly at her husband.
‘You’re gonna be sorry, bastard’ the soldier growled as he swung his arm slowly back over his shoulder and made to strike.  
Yolan and someone else, Erris couldn’t tell who, screamed again as Erris half lay, motionless, her arms holding her up against the table where the soldier had dropped her, watching and wondering where her father was, and why he wasn’t saving them.
Time inched slowly as he stepped into view, as if her thoughts had summoned him.  He carried one of the taverns heavy wooden chairs in both hands, and he swung hard as he blindsided the soldier threatening Jayke.  
The chair cracked, splintered and broke as it hit the soldier, sending small chunks of wood flying with the soldier, his sword spinning dangerously through the air, as he landed in a crumpled heap ten feet from where he had stood.
There was another stunned, all encompassing silence for a moment, then the metallic clang of the soldiers lost sword hitting the ground was accompanied by the leather rasp of sword on sheathe as the remaining soldiers drew in unison.
Time still inched, it inched and it crept, it stalled and it dragged, it did anything but move as it should as her father stood, the back of the shattered chair still held tight in his hands.  He stood in the middle of the tavern floor, his face red, his arms bulging, his jaw clenched in fury, and he looked the strongest man in the world as stared down the nine angry, armed soldiers.
Erris had no idea how much time passed as everyone in the room stood, silent, staring at each other.  She wondered if time was passing, or if it had stopped, and she would stand forever in that horrible moment.
When time did finally start again, it wasn’t with the violent, bloody outburst that she had expected.
‘Drop your swords!’ a gruff voice yelled from the bar, and every head in the tavern swiveled in its direction.
There, on the near side of the bar, one raised foot planted on the seat of a chair, stood the tavern’s owner.  His large, vest-covered belly and thinning grey hair hardly let him cut an imposing figure, but the large metal blunderbuss in his hands, pointing at the soldiers certainly did.
The gun didn’t shine or glitter; its metal was dull, and its wooden stock well-worn.  But its large, fluted barrel certainly gave the soldiers more pause than Johan and his broken chair.
‘Get out of here you lot’, the tavern keep said, motioning the soldiers towards the door with the barrel of his gun.  His voice brokered no debate, no argument, and the gun in his hands brokered even less.  
‘Right,’ said one of the less drunk soldiers as he sheathed his sword, ‘We were just leavin’ anyhow.’ He spat at Johan’s feet as he turned, but he still left the tavern, followed shortly by the rest of the soldiers.  Two of the soldiers grabbed the hurt one from off the floor, hauling him to the door by his shoulders.  He seemed to be trying to stand, but he was clearly still too shaken up to do so, and it was only the arms of his two allies that kept him on his feet.  
As the last soldier left, the innkeeper lowered his gun, and wiped the pooling sweat off his brow with the back of one shaking hand.
‘You had all best get out of here too,’ he said, laying the blunderbuss on the bar’s countertop, ‘‘fore they come back.’
Johan was already motioning to his family; getting the children carried, the upturned chairs put right, getting them and all their parcels piled quickly at the door.  
He stopped in front of the shorter, older tavern keep before they left, laying a hand on the other man’s shoulder.
‘Thanks’ he said, offering a small pouch of coins with his free hand,
‘Don’t mention it’ the portly man replied, but he took the pouch anyways.
Then the family was out the door, hitching Marmot to the wagon quickly, and the next thing Erris knew, they were bouncing away over the cobblestone roads of the village, leaving at a much swifter pace than they had come.  It was a flurry of activity as they left the tavern, and Erris could barely keep up with it.  She was sure she was missing something too.  The soldiers were nowhere to be seen when they left the tavern, and her brothers and father kept glancing worriedly at each other.  Erris didn’t even remember to ask what they had been discussing in the tavern; any thought of the family’s hushed conversation had vanished the moment the soldiers’ harassment had started.
Erris lay down in the now empty back of the wagon, Joahn and Boll beside her, and lay staring at the night sky, her mind racing as the wagon trundled over the worn cobblestones on its way out of the village.


Pain

I

Considering all that had happened that day, it was no wonder that Gel slept poorly.  No sooner had he flopped onto his bed and closed his eyes then he saw Sheane’s face, covered in tears, running away from him.  He tried to catch her, but the grass was long, and it caught at his pants as he ran, tripping and slowing him.  It felt like the ground was grabbing him and pulling him down, trying to swallow him.  But Sheane in her flowing dress kept getting further away, her face buried in her hands, her sobs slowly getting more and more faint until they disappeared completely.  He could still see her though, her hair flowing in the wind as she ran from him.  The grass didn’t touch her at all, even as it rose around his legs and twined around his hands.  He tried to hack at it with his sword, but it was really a lute, and it wouldn’t cut.  
Gel didn’t understand how she was still running.  The grass was low around her feet, but it was almost up to his neck now, and he couldn’t break free.  He could see every step she made, every step further from him, but he couldn’t reach her, he couldn’t even reach out to her anymore.  
He knew it was because he had kissed Mae.  Sheane was sad and angry, because Mae had told her, and now she was running away from him and he would never get to see her again.  And then he saw Mae.
There was no sun in the sky, just Mae.  There she stood above him, at once giant and tiny, and perfect.  She was smiling down at him, the light of her light blue eyes lighting his world in place of the sun, and she smiled as she turned and started to unbutton her dress.
He started awake for the first time, sweating.  He was hot and clammy, and couldn’t stop thinking of Sheane and Mae.  He stripped to his undergarments and lay, eyes closed, on his bed.  He tried counting sheep, he tried performing one of Don Vole’s more boring compositions in his head, but no matter what he tried, it seemed like he sweated and tossed and turned for hours before he finally fell back asleep, not even noticing when he did so.
This time he stood alone in a deserted city, its houses crumbling and abandoned.  He did not know the city, but the cobwebs hanging in the doors of the buildings, just in front of the complete blackness that waited inside each house frightened him.  Walking down a suddenly familiar street, he came to a fork in the road, and at its center stood Sheane and Mae.  He raised a hand towards them, and they both turned on a dime and walked away from him, each taking separate paths.  Neither so much as glanced at him, or each other, as they turned, they just walked away, leaving him standing, arm outstretched.
‘It’s only a dream’ he thought as he turned to sit in the middle of the fork; he would not chase either one, or he would lose them both.  He couldn’t lose them, he loved them.  If he lost them, he’d never see them again.  
As he sat, he fell.  The city was gone, and he was falling, fast as the wind.  To either side of him as he fell flashed visions of his two friends, but he could reach out to neither.  He watched as they grew old, married, had children, and died, all without him.  Why had they left him?
Or had he left them?
He didn’t know who they had married, or what their children looked like, but as he looked at them falling beside him, they looked the same.  He knew they were getting older; knew their lives were passing by without him.  But it was the dream, he knew, and he hated it.
As he woke for the second time, he knew that he had chosen neither girl, and that they had both moved on without him.  He felt lost, and alone, and hot again.  Gel stood and moved to the window by his bed, but by the time he had thrown open the shutters, the dream had already passed from his mind.
As he lay back down in bed and fell once more into a fitful sleep, he forgot he even had a dream, but the feelings of sadness and loneliness stayed with him.
This time, Gel slept a while before he started to dream again, though the dream was worse than any before.
His third dream that night was fire.  Fire and pain and death.  In this dream, he stood over the town, watching as his parents died and his friends were slaughtered, and the town caught fire and burned to ashes around him.  He listened to the screams of the women and children as they died, their pain and terror and agony twisting in his heart like a red-hot knife.
Other things were happening, red men moved through the streets with flashing swords, and people screamed, and gunfire sounded, exploding through the quiet.  But it was the fire he heard the most.  He heard it, almost felt it as it cracked and burned, as it twisted and reached and devoured.  It was frightening and beautiful, its colours reaching up into the sky; blues and reds and greens.  The fire wove the most complex song he had ever heard as it burned, one that he could barely begin to understand.
When he woke finally, tears streaming down his face, he thought that no other nightmare could ever be so frightening.  If he grew old and died without ever dreaming its like again, he would die happy.
And then he heard them; the screams floating in through his bedroom window, the cries of pain and suffering from his dream.  He heard the crack of fire, the pop of wood boiling and splitting in the heat.  He thought for an instant, prayed for a second, that he was still dreaming.  But he realized that the flickering red light blanketing his wall was not that of a pale moon on a cloudless night, but the light of his village, his home, his life, burning.  And he was afraid.
He heard heavy footsteps climbing the stairs, and he heard his mother crying out his fathers name in pain, sobbing loudly as she did so.
‘Mother!’ he cried, and the door to his room exploded inwards, splinters of wood from where a heavy boot had kicked it in peppering the room.  The door fell to the floor with a crash, and small shards of wood peppered at Gel’s face, but his eyes were fixed.
In through the doorway stepped a large, bearded man, who laughed as the fire from outside glittered madly off his eyes.  He was wearing a large, gold buttoned red coat, and his large red beard seemed as wild and uncontrollable as the fire from Gel’s dreams.  He grinned as he saw Gel abed and walked towards him, sword arm rising as he came.  Each step he took, each time his thick boots hit the wooden floor of Gel’s room, sounded like the peal of a large clock, ringing out the seconds to Gel’s doom.  The man’s footsteps were the sound of death approaching; the grinning man, with his fiery red beard, death himself.
Still half lying under covers, Gel could only get his right arm free as the man his bed and swung his sword.  Gel tried to protect himself, tried to deflect the sword, to do anything, but there was nothing Gel could do as the man’s sword swung down towards his head.
The last thing Gel saw through his splayed fingers was firelight glinting off the shining blade as it angled towards his face.  Then pain exploded his world, and darkness followed it.

***

Somehow, Gel woke again.  He knew he was awake, and not dead, because of the pain.  In death, Ragn was supposed to take you into his arms, and wash away all your sin, your pain, and your fear.  When you died, Ragn would take you in, and take away all your pain, and leave you with nothing but contentment and love.
Gel felt nothing but pain and fear though, so he knew he must still be alive.
As he tried to open his eyes, Gel found his right eye was stuck shut.  His left eye opened, and surveyed his room, which looked too normal; only the shattered remnants of the door, lying half off its hinges, and his blood soaked bed sheets gave away that the nightmare from earlier had been no nightmare at all.
His left hand, reaching up to find what was wrong with his stuck eye, met only a mass of congealed blood, and spread pain like wildfire across his face as he probed the half-scabbed gouge.  His fingers stuck slightly in the tacky, molasses-like blood, and they came away red and wet.  
The slow realization of why his entire face hurt barely registered as he moved to find out what was wrong with his right hand.  He absently wondered if his eye was still there under the blood, if he’d ever be able to open it and see again.  If he’d ever really want to. 
At first he thought his right hand was gone; he couldn’t move it all.  But as he looked, he realized it had somehow become wrapped tightly in his bright red sheets.  
Every move he made to unstick his hand hurt like nothing else he had ever felt, hurt more than his burning face, but he had to get free.  He had to get out of his room, and to his parents.  They could help him; they would know what to do.  If he couldn’t get his hand free, he couldn’t get to them, and they wouldn’t be able to make things right.
He pulled and picked slowly at his bed sheets for a time, wincing, and sometimes letting out small cries of anguish as he slowly unpeeled the covers that were slick with blood and stuck to his hand.  Every fiber of sheet that he unstuck sent a new wave of agony shooting up and down his arm.  He had to unravel it slowly, fold by aching fold, to keep from screaming or fainting from the pain.
He was doing it though. Fold by blood-slicked fold came away from his hand; he was making progress.  He felt he was almost untangled from the mess of blankets when two small bits of bloody flesh fell out from a fold, and rolled down the covers to lie beside him, taunting his reeling mind. 
He stared at his severed fingertips, trying to understand what was happening, and his head began to twirl like a dry leaf in a whirlwind.  He didn’t notice that his right hand was free, just that two of his fingers were sitting there in front of him, not at all where they should have been.
‘Why are my fingers here’ he thought as his head cocked to the side in confusion, and swam dizzily.  ‘Why aren’t these on my hand?’  As his vision slowly faded again, Gel tried to reach for the fingers at his side with his good hand.
‘Have to’
‘Have to put them back’
‘To put them back’
‘Have to’

***

The next time Gel woke the fire and pain in his face and arm had not lessened, but some clarity, some faculty to think, had returned.  He knew he could do nothing for his face as he opened his left eye and looked at his white ceiling, panting heavily.  Whatever mess was hiding under the mass of semi-congealed blood that covered his right eye, he couldn’t fix it in bed.  He ignored the tiny voice in the back of his head that told him he couldn’t do anything about it out of bed either.  Sitting up and throwing off the covers with his left hand, he knew he had to do something for his right hand, and its missing fingers.  He had been saved the first time by his covers; he must have wrapped himself in them somehow as he thrashed in pain, staunching the blood.  He swung his legs to the floor, testing them unsteadily as he tried to rise.  
The feeling of the soles of his feet on the smooth wooden floor felt too normal, too natural, when compared with the chaos around him.  His first few steps were hesitant, unsteady, a slow shuffle made possible only by pushing on his knee with his hand to keep himself upright, but they were still steps.  Slow and hesitant and careful, but at least he was moving.
With some difficulty, Gel tore a sleeve from the shirt he had discarded the night before, and wrapped it carefully around his injured hand as he lurched unsteadily towards the door of his room.  He hadn’t even tried to clothe himself, and trying and falling would have slowed him down too much; he didn’t care if he walked out in his undergarments.  He had to find his parents.
Taking the stairs took time.  His eyes were fixed on the steps as he tried to guide his unsteady legs down safely, and his left arm was wrapped tightly around the banister for support.  He held his right to his stomach to lessen its movement: every motion it made hurt.  The steps seemed much steeper, and there seemed to be more of them than he ever remembered; each one sent slivers of fire shooting up his right arm, forcing him to grimace and grit his teeth.  The journey down them was arduous, painful.  But then, right then everything was.  
Gel took a slow, relieved breath as he reached the bottom of the steps, breathing deeply from the effort of his success, and looked up towards the front door.  
The door had been heavy, solid.  When Gel was younger, he used to have problems pushing it open, or closed.  The old wooden door had stood as long as the thick stone of the rest of the house, and had always seemed like it would last as long as the rest of the house.  
Now it stood split open.  A good part of the door around the latch had been broken through and lay on the ground in a pile of splinters.  The rest of the door hung at an angle, creaking occasionally as its weight fell on the one good hinge left at the bottom of the door.
The rest of the house looked the same.  It looked as if a whirlwind had torn through the place, destroying everything.  There were plates and dishes and vases smashed to bits on the floor.  As Gel looked into the kitchen he could see that the kitchen table, where he had eaten almost every meal of his young life, lay overturned, one of its legs gone.  
In short, the house was destroyed.  Sure, the heavy stone walls and roof stood, but every other fixture of the house had been torn asunder.  It was chaos; pure destruction, furious and wanton.  It was scary.
His parents though, were nowhere to be seen.  He had been sure his father would help him.  Would comfort him, make the memories of the bearded man go away, make the world right again.  His mother would hold him in her arms, and stroke his hair, and his troubles and pains would melt away.  
But his fingers and his face, these weren’t the scratches one gets falling from a tree.  His parents couldn’t hug his wounds away, even if they were there.  And they weren’t.  
Gel wanted to cry; felt like he would retch.  The feelings of sadness and sickness clashed and fought with each other, and he didn’t know whether the tears or the vomit would come first.  Why was this happening to him.  No-one ever got hurt in the stories his mother would tell.  People weren’t supposed to get hurt, especially not him.  
He stumbled slowly, as if drunk, out of the house, passing through the shattered remains of the door.  He knelt in the front yard, his one good eye blinded as sadness beat sickness and the tears welled in his eye.  His body was choked by sobs, his left hand balled in the grass in front of him.  They were gone.  Somehow they were gone.  He needed them, and he couldn’t find them.  They were supposed to be permanent, there for him forever, but his parents were gone.  Right then he didn’t notice the pain of his hand, or his head; he somehow didn’t feel the rivers of fire that shot through his arm each time he brought his right hand pounding against the ground in fear and anger, in sorrow and pain.  
Time passed.  Anger and frustration, sickness and sadness, slowly gave way to a mute acceptance, and a weariness.  His body still heaved with bitten back sobs, but they were less frequent.  The tears had stopped; their last vestiges blinked out to clear his vision, the dampness of their passing still evident on his cheeks.
The low hill of the Mayor’s manor offered Gel a view of the village when he finally looked up from the ground, his fingers tightening on the grass as he pushed himself up to his knees.  Fires still burned, and smoke rose thickly into the sky, and even from a distance he could see the bodies of the dead in the streets.  It was strange.  In stories, when something bad happened, the skies would be dark and swirling with clouds, thunder and rain would fall from the heavens like leaves from a tree.  But the sky above the smoking village was a light blue, clear, and the sun was slowly rising towards its zenith, bright and brilliant, lighting the wispy clouds and floating birds over what would have been a beautiful day.
Then again, in the stories, no good people died.  He stared out over the smoke and the fire and thought nothing.
Eventually, Gel started to walk.  He wandered the village aimlessly for a time, unable to think.  Everywhere he walked, he saw destruction, and fire.  And death.  There were not many bodies, and those that lay in the streets Gel’s eyes skipped over, trying not to recognize them, and failing.  He spotted the body of Del, the baker, lying against the doorframe of the bakery, his eyes wide in surprise and his hands limp near one of the two ragged red circles in his dusty white apron.  
There were more of course.  Dozens of bodies in the streets, that Gel could see.  But he didn’t count them.  It seemed like everyone he knew.  But then, he knew everyone in the village.  Every dead body was someone he knew on sight, if not by name.  His eyes and mind skipped over anyone he did not see, anyone who might have escaped, just as they missed the few signs of struggle.  
Through it all, through the death and destruction that he saw, through the evidence of violence that tortured his eyes, what disturbed Gel the most were those people that looked like they had simply gone to sleep.  There were not many, but he found Daeny, one of the Thatcher’s older daughters, lying on her side in a ball outside her house, her eyes closed.  She looked like he could shake her, and she would wake up.  But she wouldn’t.  She was dead; they all were.  She was marred only by a purplish bruise on the side of her plump face, but even that looked like it could have come from a bad fall.
Many of the houses were still smouldering, many others still burning, as he walked the dead streets.  Only the stone buildings, the Mayor’s house and the church, had escaped the destruction lent by fire.  
Gel went to the church in his absent wandering, wondering if maybe the Fulhar had locked the heavy, metal banded wooden door, if he had possibly survived.  The door was broken open, slashed and hacked at and through, so similar to how his own door had been broken open.  The inside of the church had been ransacked; many of the holy symbols of Ragn were missing.  But the Fulhar was nowhere to be found.  Gel wondered absently where in the village his body lay.  No-one had escaped; no-one could have.

***

He stumbled through the broken streets for a while, occasionally stopping and staring, eyes unseeing, at something in front of him, some person or place he remembered, but eventually Gel went in search of Sheane and Mae.  He hoped and prayed, but knew what he would find.  But he had to face it; he had faced everything else.  
The garden around their house had been trampled.  The front window was smashed, and the walls around the window were blackened and charred, but Gel was still able to make it in the front door and upstairs, ignoring the sisters’ dead parents as he passed.  Their fathers head had rolled into a corner, and their mother lay in a bloody heap, her dress ragged and torn.
Still, he made it inside, and up the stairs to the girls’ room.  The door to their room looked like it had been kicked in, much like his had, but he barely saw anything.  His mind seemed to be wrapped in a haze of fog.  The girls’ room was as destroyed, as the rest of the house.  The bed had escaped somehow, the covers still neatly made.  It looked like it could be slept in anytime.  It stood in sharp contrast to the broken odds and ends that scattered the rest of the room.  
But the girls weren’t there.  His parents were gone, his friends were gone.  Gel was alone.
Gel walked, and his body shook with laughter and tears as he left the twins house.  He knew what he had to do now, he thought as he left the house, his eyes and mind ignoring the carnage around him.
He stopped laughing as he walked down the familiar cobblestone streets, now patched in places with blood.  Somehow he stopped feeling.  He barely noticed as he walked past Lady Vaen, sitting on the front steps of her house, her head leaning against the wooden doorframe.  Her eyes stared straight ahead, and her hands were pressed against her stomach in what had been a vain attempt to keep its contents inside, but Gel didn’t care.  All that concerned him now was inside her house.  Somehow her house had escaped the worst of the destruction and fire, and Gel would have thanked Ragn if he had cared enough to.  True, much of Lady Vaen’s fancy art, her sculptures and paintings and vases, were either gone or broken, but as Gel searched her house, he found what he needed.  It was in the music room, which made sense, hidden under a painting of a pretty lady in a rose hat sitting in a boat on a lake that had fallen from the wall.
The lute case itself was slightly battered, it had a dent and scratch or two from when the painting had fallen on it, but when he flipped open the latches and looked inside, the instrument inside was pristine, and beautiful.  Gel had always loved his old lute, he had cherished it for years, with its worn frets and top, and much replaced tuning pegs, but Lady Vaen’s was a masterpiece, with more than two hundred years of storied owners, and it was his now.  He laughed wryly again at the thought.  It had to be his.  There was no-one else left to take it.
Gel left Lady Vaen’s house and walked down the cobblestone street, the lute case clutched tight to his chest as he left the village to burn behind him.

***

Gel sat when he reached the old Oak, and he was happy it still stood.  What with everything else in his life that had been destroyed, he was glad to have one place that remained free of blood and death and smoke and fire.  
Horse tracks were left all throughout the plains around the city, and even Gel’s untrained eye could tell there were many.  Gel noticed, but he didn’t care.  He didn’t care about revenge, or justice, or anything really.  It did not matter who had destroyed his village, if they had ridden in on horses.  Gel wouldn’t even have cared if they had flown in on dragons.  As he opened the lute case and lay it on the ground beside the old Oak tree, he knew he had only one thing left to do.
His hastily bandaged right hand and missing fingers gave him some pause, they still hurt, but he unwrapped them anyway.  The blood had scabbed over the stumps of his fingers, and he could see that he was missing half of his fourth finger, and all of his fifth.  It was a small thing to be missing, to cause so much pain, he thought, but he could play without them.  He picked with his right hand, and he could pick almost as swiftly with three fingers as with five.  Gel was absently glad that he had not lost fingers on his left hand; he didn’t think he would have had time to relearn the lute.
It didn’t matter though, he thought as he picked up his lute and began to play.  The pain in his face as his one good eye looked out from under the Oak, watching his village smoke and burn in the distance, the pain in his hand as his three remaining fingers picked unsteadily over the lute strings, slowly adjusting to play without two fingers as he went.  Even the pain in his heart.  None of it mattered.
As he sent a dark, sorrowful dirge out across the plain, he played not for himself, or for the tree, or for anything he had ever played for before.  He played for the town, for the life he had just lost.  For everyone he had known and loved.  The song was slow, mournful, and above all, black.  He had never played a song as black before, and it tugged at his heartstrings even as it helped him.  He wove into the song everyone he had known.  He played for Lady Vaen, for Sheane and Mae, for his parents.  He played for the town as it burned, and as it smoldered.  He fell asleep and woke again, and played as the town smoked.  He would play for his village until he could play no more, then he would lay down and wait for death to take him to the people he loved.

II

Erris woke groggily as the wagon rolled to a quick stop.  Just as its steady rocking had lulled her slowly to sleep, the wagon’s sudden stop had her awake and blinking the sleep from her eyes.  They couldn’t be home yet, she thought as she slowly rolled to her front and, pushing on the rough wood of the wagon and sat up.  In between sleep-crusted blinks of her still-heavy eyes, she could see the canopy of a forest all around the wagon.  It placed them in one of the small, patchy forests that dotted the path from Oortain’s Copse to the farm, but gave no reason for the stop. 
Before she could sit up herself, someone unseen grabbed her shoulders and lifted her up, turning her to face the side of the wagon.  Her mothers face was frantic, her brown eyes touched with fear as she thrust a large, canvas sheet, normally used to protect goods in the back of the wagon in case of rain, into Erris’ hands.  
‘Quick’ she said, looking towards the still sleeping Joahn and Boll, curled up side by side as they slept, ‘Hide them.’  Then she moved to the front of the wagon, where Erris could hear loud, indistinct, angry words.  She unfolded the canvas sheet as she looked at the children, wondering sluggishly, sleepily, why she should have to cover them.  
The two children had their arms wrapped around each other as they slept.  Joahn had one small hand laying across the side of Boll’s face, clutching his earlobe.  Erris thought of how many times she had been the object of the same attention from Joahn; earlobes were soft, and for some reason caressing one helped Joahn sleep.  Boll on the other hand had one of his fingers wrapped tightly in his sisters’ still curly hair.  They barely stirred as Erris spread out the sheet carefully, covering them as gently as she could.
She shifted towards the front of the wagon, slowly as to not wake Joahn or Boll, and the angry voices came fuzzily into focus as she looked forward.
‘We don’t want any trouble’ her father said as he stood a few paces ahead of Marmot.  Omah was with him, one hand on his shoulder, the other hugging tightly to his arm, as if to both calm him and use him as protection.  In his other arm Johan held the short, heavy hammer that always sat in the wagon bed, in case repairs had to be made en-route.
‘Yeah, well that’s just too bad, isn’t it?’ a man in front of her father said.  There were five of them standing in the road, five broad-shouldered soldiers in bright red coats, and Erris recognized them from the tavern.  She saw the one that had grabbed her, and the one that had drunkenly leered at Serah, and the one her father had attacked, his arm bandaged and held in a sling.  She looked around quickly.  Yolan and Serah were both sitting in the front seat of the wagon, arms around each other, and past them Erris could see Jayke and Johan the younger, standing to either side of Marmot.  Johan was holding Marmots reins, calming the horse with soothing words and slow strokes to his nose, and Jayke was on Marmot’s left, slowly untying the straps of Marmots saddle that held her fathers old rifle in place, clearly trying to do so without being noticed.
Erris had been looking around, but the soldier confronting her father had not stopped talking.
‘Y’see, we’ve got a problem’ the soldier continued, walking slowly towards her father as he spoke.  ‘You hurt one of my brothers here,’ he said as he pointed back aimlessly, and the soldier with his arm in the sling, possibly broken from when her father had hit him with the chair, grimaced and spat noisily on the ground, his lips curling up in disgust, his brow furrowed in anger, as he glared at Johan.
The first soldier, the one doing all the talking, had walked close enough to put an arm on Johan’s shoulder, her father stepping back with one foot and lifting the hammer slightly.  
‘We won’t hurt you, we just want some… compensation’ the soldier grinned.
‘We’ll give you what gold we have, if you’ll leave’ her father replied angrily, reaching for his purse with one arm.
‘Ah, you misunderstand,’ still smiling, the soldier looked towards the wagon.  He didn’t seem nearly as drunk as the soldiers had all been at the tavern, and he was smiling entirely too much for Erris’ comfort.  Not for the first time that night, Erris wondered why she had ever liked soldiers.  
‘We want your daughters.’  Erris went cold, and could have sworn he looked straight at her when he spoke.  ‘Just for a while, you understand.’  He said, looking back at Johan, still grinning.  Her father was turning bright red with anger, but the smiling soldier continued anyway.  ‘An hour, maybe two, and we’ll give them back to you, mostly undamaged.  Maybe.’ The grin was still there, but it slid off like melting wax as Johan growled furiously.  Without the grin, the soldiers’ face matched his eyes: cold.
‘You sick bastard, I’ll give you nothing.  You touch any of my daughters and I’ll…’ Johan started, knocking the soldiers arm from his shoulder with an angry wave of his arm, the one carrying the hammer, now clearly more of a weapon than a tool.
For a second, Erris thought everything would be alright.  Her father had denied them, and Jayke had a gun.   They would drive off the soldiers, return home, and forget that any of this had happened.  They would go to sleep, and wake up early the next morning, and farm life would continue, and Erris would never ask to leave the farm again.  Erris thought that it could still happen, that everything would be alright.
Then the soldier did something, somehow wrapping the arm that had been on her fathers shoulder around her father’s arm, the hammer falling slowly, heavily to the ground as the soldier twisted her fathers arm upwards.  
‘I knew you’d say that’ the soldier said, interrupting her father mid-sentence, and there was no emotion on his face as he stepped into Johan.
Erris couldn’t see what happened next, her father’s body blocked her view, but her mother started screaming as the soldier stepped back, and Johan fell slowly to his knees, his hands grabbing ineffectually at the hilt of a dagger that protruded from his chest, just under his ribcage.  Time slowed to a crawl again as Erris moved to hold the children down, keep them hidden under the canvas cover, to keep them from waking and running to their mother as she herself wanted to.
So much seemed to happen at once.  Erris’ mother dropped to her knees and started crawling, her bundled skirts slowing her, towards her husband, her eyes full of tears and disbelief.  Johan, no longer the younger as his father died several paces in front of him, yelled and reached a useless arm out towards his fallen father as Jayke swore, and lifted the rifle from Marmots saddle.  Serah buried her face in Yolan’s arms, trying to shield herself from the violence, and Joahn began to cry, startled awake by the screams and yells.  
The man who had just killed her father slowly looked down at Erris’ mother as she crawled painfully forward.  He frowned, as if considering, and then backhanded her hard across the mouth.  Omah went down, blood flying from her cut mouth as an explosion rang out through the forest around them.
The explosion was loud, louder than Erris could understand, and it echoed painfully around the trees on either side of the cart.  It hurt Erris’ ears, and she went to cover them in pained reflex as another explosion rang out, just after the first one.  The explosions were loud, they were painful, they were death. 
Jayke was lifting the old, worn rifle to his shoulder when the first rifle ball took him.  It caused his head to jerk slightly as it ripped through his throat, spraying a fine mist of blood over Marmot and Johan, just moments before a second ball tore open the side of his head.
Erris could barely follow what was happening through the explosions and the screams, but she saw Yolan jump from the cart and start in towards a crumpling Jayke, as five more red-jacketed soldiers walked slowly out of the forest to the left of the wagon, three rifles pointing forward as two stood to reload.
Erris wondered absently, in some strangely detached, still asleep, part of her mind if the jackets were coloured red to cover up the blood of the people they killed, or their own, as Johan yelled out, his single word somehow clearly audible in the chaos.
‘Run!’ he screamed, and he slapped Marmot hard before taking off towards the forest to the right of the cart himself.  The three remaining soldiers with guns fired on him, and he stumbled and cried out as a ball took him in the shoulder, spraying a red mist on the grass in front of him.  But he somehow kept his balance, and made it to the trees before the five newly appeared soldiers took after him, drawing their swords and turning to run around Marmot in pursuit.
At the same time, his slap had done the trick.  Marmot, already frightened by the screams and explosions of gunfire, took off.  His eyes were wide from fear and the wagon behind him weighed heavily on his straining legs as he started to run.  
If there had been more room between them and the soldiers, if Marmot had been able to gain more speed, if the heavy wagon had not been slowing him down, they might have escaped.  As it was, the wagon had barely made it to the soldiers when one reached out and grabbed the reins, pulling Marmot to a sharp stop at the side of the path.  
Serah looked quickly back at Erris as the wagon stopped, mouthing two short words before she jumped from the wagon, almost collapsing as her twisted leg hit the ground hard.  She cried out quickly in pain, but then ran, limping heavily, towards the forest.  Two of the soldiers took off after her, and had to go wide around the horse and wagon in their path, but they still made it to the forest only seconds after Serah had, swords drawn as they disappeared into the brush.
There were only three soldiers remaining around the cart now.  Five had disappeared after Johan, and two more after Serah.  One, the soldier who had killed her father, held Marmot’s reins, and was calmly tying them off to a low tree branch.  The other two, one the bandaged soldier from the fight at the tavern, the other the soldier that had leered at Serah, were struggling with a kneeling Yolan, trying to rip off her dress as she thrashed wildly, screaming and throwing blind, ineffectual punches and kicks.
Serah’s mouthed words flashed in Erris’ head as she looked to the forgotten children.  They had long ago abandoned the questionable safety of the canvas cover, and were crying together in the corner of the wagon.  
Erris started trying to talk to them as she grabbed their arms and pulled at them, trying to move them to the open back of the wagon. 
‘Get up, get up, you have to run.’ she cried as she pulled, ‘please, you have to run.’  She realized she was crying too as she pulled at them, but they just shook their heads and pulled away.
‘I want Mama’ Joahn cried loudly, and Erris could think of nothing to say.  She could hear the other two soldiers arguing as she worked her mouth noiselessly.
‘Ey, Fraen, Daegon said t’share’ one of the voices by Yolan said angrily, and Fraen, the soldier her father had knocked flying at the tavern, replied.  ‘Shut it Caer.  I got my arm broke fer this one.  I’m takin’ her in the forest.  Take th’older one if y’er so desperate.’  He started to drag Yolan by the hair as he talked, tugging her jerkily towards the woods.  She screamed and thrashed as he pulled, but his grip with his uninjured hand was too strong for her to break, and he just grunted as he dragged her slowly, inexorably, towards the woods.
Erris could hear Serah in the distance, sobbing loudly as the soldiers with her laughed, could hear Yolan start to yell at the injured soldier, could hear him curse as he tried to control her.  But she could not hear Johan, or any of the soldiers that had gone after him.  Had he escaped, or had they simply gone too far to be heard?
Before she could really register the noises from the forest, before she could process what was happening to her sisters or think of a way to get the children to run away, Erris felt a hand grab her hair and lift her painfully into the air.
She gasped in surprise as she rose off the ground, and kicked back, but the man that had lifted her so easily just threw her to the ground by the side of the wagon, and kicked her in the side.
‘Where do you think you’re going, eh?’ the soldier asked as Erris curled into a ball and gasped for air, clutching the side of her stomach where the hard leather boot had made contact.  
Joahn and Boll were crying and trying to reach her when the soldier shoved them too, Boll crashing into Joahn and both landing hard on the ground.
He was eying the children and reaching for his still sheathed sword when the other soldier on the path called out from where Erris’ mother lay.
‘Ey, Daegon, this one’s knocked out.’  He shouted, lifting Omah’s head by the hair and letting it fall limply back to the ground.  Her face was already purpling from the blow Daegon had dealt.  
‘So?’ Daegon called back over his shoulder, not taking his eyes off the children or his hand off his sword hilt.
‘Well, I can’t hardly have no fun if she’s not awake, can I?’  The soldier said as he shoved Omah’s limp form with a booted foot.
The soldier called Daegon stared at the children for a moment as they lay on the ground crying, trying slowly to rise.  Then he shrugged and turned away, his hand leaving his sword.  
‘Fine, Caer, Take these kids to the forest and deal with ‘em.  Their whining’s distracting me’ he said as he turned to stare at Erris.  ‘Maybe the old one’ll be awake when you get back.’  Erris still lay, curled in a ball on the ground, trying to catch her breath.
‘Iunno Daegon,’ Caer started, looking more confused than concerned, ‘I don’t feel right killin’ kids, quite’
‘Fine, fine’ Daegon said as he shook his head slightly, clearly exasperated, ‘Just take ‘em into the forest and knock ‘em out, they’ll live or die on their own, and you won’t ‘ave to feel bad.’
‘Ey, thas a great idea!’ the soldier Caer grinned as he walked to the children, and Erris tried to scream, to stand, to do anything as he effortlessly lifted Joahn and Boll, both kicking and screaming, and walked into the forest.  He laughed all the way there, and Erris could still hear him laughing when Daegon grabbed her by her hair again, and dragged her, crying once more, to Marmot’s side.  
Marmot was still tied to the low tree branch, and Erris struggled vainly against Daegon as he lifted her and tied her hands tightly to Marmot’s pommel.
‘You’re not gonna enjoy this’ he whispered in her ear, and Erris felt something start cutting off her dress, stripping her slowly, piece by piece.
He cut first along her left shoulder, a sharp knife cutting through the hem of her dress like a knife cuts through butter, meeting almost no resistance.  In seconds the left sleeve of her dress was cut along the top.  In no time, Erris’ dress fell softly to the dirt floor, and she was left standing in naught but her shift.  
Had she been able to think, she might have noticed that she was shivering in the warm, windless evening.  Had she been able to think, she might have noticed all she could hear were her sobs, and the heavy, disturbed breathing of the man behind her.  But she couldn’t think.  She couldn’t understand what was happening.  All Erris could do was lean her head against Marmot’s flank and cry into the horses rough coat.
She heard, or maybe felt, Daegon put away his knife, or sword, or whatever it was he had stripped her with, as he too noticed.  The only sounds came from Erris, Marmot and himself.  From the forest came nothing.  Where there had been laughter, cursing and screams before, now there was only silence.  
She could hear the sounds of a belt being unbuckled behind her, and she jumped slightly as a hairy, muscled arm snaked around her head to hang a sword and sheathe from Marmot’s saddle.  The arm snaked back again, but it stopped at Erris’ neck, and she cringed as the hand grabbed her chin, one thumb rubbing forcefully against her cheek.  She couldn’t tell if Daegon was trying to caress her or choke her as his hand moved slowly, sickeningly down the side of her neck.  She wasn’t sure which she hoped for.  The hand left her when it reached her shoulder, and Erris couldn’t decide if she felt more relief at its removal or fear for what it might touch next.
The moments of waiting, painfully tensing against wherever Daegon might touch her next were long, and painful, and they grew more painful the longer they went, as Erris wound herself up more and more, trying to anticipate what might happen next, trying to prepare herself for it, to prepare herself for being unable to stop whatever it was.  The moments dragged and dragged as so many that evening, until finally the soldier spoke.  
‘Something’s wrong’ Daegon muttered to himself as he looked around slowly.  She felt one rough hand grab her bottom over her shift, and another grab her hair and roughly pull her head to the side.  ‘Don’t be running away on me now, whore’ he said to Erris, who winced as he tugged once more on her hair before letting go.  Erris stood, tied to Marmot and feeling more helpless than she ever thought possible, as he began walking around the horse and wagon towards the woods, moving with practiced caution.
He approached the spot where the soldier called Caer had taken the children in, and slowly made his way into the thick underbrush, step by cautious step.  
‘Ey you lot, what’re you all doin?’ he yelled as he went, but there was no answer, only silence.
Erris held her breath, hoping he would disappear into the dark forest, and she started struggling with her ropes silently.  Maybe she could get herself free.  If she could, she could grab the sword that hung on Marmot’s saddle, and do… something.  What came after getting the sword could come later.  For now all she could do was free herself.  
She was wriggling fiercely, the thick ropes chafing her when Daegon screamed and turned at the very edge of the forest, tripping over himself as he tried to run out of the low underbrush that came up to his knees. 
‘No no no no no’ was all he said, over and over again as he tried to claw his way out.  He was halfway out, and Erris was struggling harder and harder with her ropes, when she saw it.  Attached to the lower half of his body, slowly inching over the legs that he was dragging along the ground, hands digging frantically at the moist soil to pull himself along, was a thick, grey fog.  It slowly covered him as he pulled, inching up his body inexorably, and he shouted the same word over and over as he crawled.
‘No no no’ he cried, tears now streaming down his face as he reached forward and dug his hands into the soft dirt, digging thick streaks in the earth as he tried to haul himself to safety.   He had barely made it out of the forest, the fog connected to his body reaching all the way back into the darkness, when the fog reached his neck.  Erris watched as it slowly flowed over his screaming face, cutting off his desperate protests suddenly as it flowed into his stretched, pleading mouth.  And then his body was still.
The fog was not though.  It crept slowly from his body, thickening as more and more tendrils poked out through the forest’s leaves.  Marmot began to snort, his eyes wide and his nostrils flaring in fear as he tried to break free from the reins that held him.  Erris continued her struggle, continued trying to set herself free, but she made no progress in loosening the tight knots that dug into her skin, she succeeded only in rubbing her wrists more raw.  She watched in abject horror as the entire forest transformed into a wall of fog, billowing slowly, inexorably towards the wagon.
It was Marmot that saved her in the end, saved them both in the end.  As the fog inched ever closer, his thrashing became more and more frantic, until finally he reared up and snapped the low branch he was tied to.
Erris fell to her knees as he turned, her arms stretched above her, her wrists still bound to Marmot’s saddle.  The wagon bounced behind Marmot slowly, barely avoiding the reaching tendrils of fog, as he turned.  Then Marmot took off at a run, slowly picking up speed along the path back to Oortain’s Copse.  Erris, clad only in her shift and still tied to his side, bounced painfully alongside as he ran, her knees and feet scraping along the dirt road as she stumbled alongside Marmot, half dragged.  Her feet started to bruise and bleed almost immediately.  She cried out in pain as they cracked against rocks and caught in the dirt, but there was no-one to hear her.  She was alone with Marmot in the dark, cold, brutal night, with only the moon and stars above her for company.
She would never remember Marmot finally slowing, would never remember the pain of slowly throwing a bleeding leg over his heaving back.  She would not remember laying, cold, bruised and bleeding, as he trod slowly and unnoticed over the cobblestone road of the virtually empty Oortain’s Copse, the wagon bouncing slowly over the road behind them.  She would never know that the only thing that kept her from falling off were the ropes that bound her hands.  She would never recall her slow, unconscious trip into the heart of Rognia as Marmot took the long road to the south.  But she would never forget the beginning of that long, painful night.

III

Gel woke with a start, blinking his eyes in the low grey light of the pre-dawn.  Sometime in the night he must have fallen asleep.  Cursing himself, he picked up his lute again and continued to play, ignoring the dark storm clouds that swept in over the plains and began to empty themselves over the smoldering village, slowly putting out the last embers of its fires.  Gel and his lute were safe under the Oak’s broad, sheltering leaves, and so he continued to play, on and on, carrying on his dark, black song.

IV

The noise in the tavern was loud, its occupants boisterous.  Filled with street toughs, guards, and soldiers, the atmosphere, the air of machismo and barely contained hostility, was comforting.  People came here to drink, fight, and forget.  It was not a particularly nice tavern.  There were no women, no families enjoying a nice stew in the corner.  The floor was dirty, the beer weak and inexpensive, the food barely edible.  The two serving maids were more concerned with getting to and from tables unmolested than anything else, and they tended to get tips and gropes in equal amounts.  Not that they were attractive, but the patrons of the Rusty Nail tavern were not picky. 
Most of the men in the tavern, and all of the men at the table, were large, either in muscle or girth, and Dan’r was no different.  You had to be able to fight in a tavern like the Rusty Nail, it was why he enjoyed them so much.  There were one or two in almost every city, and Dan’r found himself in them frequently.  You had to fight to survive in these taverns, had to be strong. You generally had to be strong to fight anywhere, Dan’r thought to himself absently, scratching at the back of his head.  Here though, with low ceilings, sturdy tables and chairs, and a very few lanterns hung out of the way in heavy glass and metal cages to reduce the likelihood of a fire during a brawl; here the fighting was expected.  It wasn’t a matter of if but when, Dan’r thought as he caught a glimpse of something small and dark scurrying over the half rotted and beer-soaked straw that sparsely covered the floor.  Rat or mouse, it didn’t matter; he quickly pulled his attention back to the table, and the game.
He sighed to himself as he glanced briefly at the cards in his hand, and those on the table in front of him.  They hadn’t changed since the last time he had looked, they never did, so he took another long drink from the mug at his right hand instead.
‘I’m in for three copper’ the man to his left said, angrily throwing the coin into the center of the round wooden table.  The others at the table had passed it around, seeing who would bet first, and how much.  Three coppers was the price of a drink at the tavern, the cheapest drink anyway, and entrance price to a new round was always the cost of a drink.  It was one of those standard, unspoken rules that could be found everywhere working men drank; part of that sacred, unwritten code of men.  Bet a beer.  Don’t touch another man’s beer, coat, or woman.  
There were more, of course, more rules, but Dan’r lost interest in that train of thought quickly.  The other four men at the table had paid in, and none had raised, so Dan’r matched them wordlessly, drinking once more from his mug as he tossed three dull copper coins from the small pile in front of him into the center, the coins clinking cheaply as they landed.
The man across from him, a short, stocky, man with a shaved head who had the look of an ex-soldier about him, played a fourth card onto the table, and the betting went around again, more copper pennies flashing through the air in the dim torchlight.
There were five of them at the table, including Dan’r and the short, balding dealer; a good number for a game of Rush. Neither he nor the current dealer were winning, but neither were they so badly off as the man to Dan’r’s left.  The man’s thin, balding head held a grimace as he looked at his hand, and felt at his dwindling coin, and his last few moves seemed to be made in rash anger.  He had already lost a good three or four copper marks on the game, more than most men would lose and continue playing.  
The two men on Dan’r’s right, however, were enjoying the balding man’s bad luck.  One, who had long, shaggy hair that came in tangles to his shoulders, and several missing teeth, kept grinning, showing off the empty holes in his mouth as he chuckled absently to himself.  He would not have been out of place begging in one of the larger cities, but he seemed to have both money and a good knowledge of how to play.  Not that this excluded him from being a beggar, just that it made him more interesting than other beggars Dan’r had met.  
The other man, the one closest to him on the right, had the best Rush face Dan’r had ever seen.  He was tall, tanned, wide, and silent.  Almost as well muscled as the two bouncers that stood by the door, watching over the tavern floor with crossed arms; the large man to Dan’r’s right was easily the most intimidating man in the tavern.
With the betting done, and all the players still in the game, the fifth card was turned.  The table showed two crosses, a king, a queen, and a seven.  It was a good lay, but it left Dan’r’s paired tens in a rather bad spot.  He decided he wouldn’t risk any more, not with nothing more than copper showing on the table anyway.
The toothless man seemed to agree with him, shaking his head and waving his hand in the air over the table, indicating a pass.  The stone-faced giant beside him simply shook his head once, and left it at that.  He had yet to do anything but shake or nod his head, and the lack of any spoken words was starting to unnerve Dan’r.  
‘All yours, friend’ he said to the angry man next to him, and he reached to drink from his mug.  He started to down the remainder of his beer, but almost choked on the dregs as the balding man grinned, pulled his hand out of his purse, and casually flipped a silver mark onto the table.  
A silver mark.  Fourteen hundred copper pennies.  Enough to get every man in the bar drunk twice over, at least.  It was about what an average worker made in a month’s work, and much more than should ever appear in a rush game at a tavern.  Dan’r had been hoping to see a few copper marks, maybe a silver half at the most.  The game had just gotten much more interesting.
Dan’r's hands were already moving as the other three men at the table stood in anger, cursing.  He dropped one of the tens in his hand to the straw-covered floor as he reached into his cloak, covering the card swiftly with one booted foot.  
‘What’re you trying to pull, bastard’ the toothless man spat as he banged his fists on the table, and Dan’r grinned as his fingers touched paper in one of his cloak pockets.  The toothless man was no longer grinning contentedly he thought as he grabbed at another paper in another cloak pocket.  Money on the table, real money rather than just petty coppers, and raised tempers around the table were starting to attract attention from the rest of the tavern.  Between the attention, the tempers, and the money, Dan’r had the feeling he was about to enjoy himself tremendously.  
 ‘I’m just taking all yer money’ the balding man shrugged as he leaned forward to grab at the coins.  His hands were in the copper, about to start raking it in, when the large, tan man leaned in and put a fist on the table.  
‘No’ was all he said, and it was all he had to say.  The balding man’s hands stopped, and Dan’r grinned even more.  
The table almost didn’t notice when Dan’r pulled a silver mark and the cards from his cloak, and placed them face-up on the table.  His ten and duke, with the king, queen, and cross already in the lay, gave him one of the best hands in rush, and his silver mark matched the balding man.  
The balding man had tried to play them all, betting higher than any of them would be able to match in order to take the game, but Dan’r had trumped him, and the table stared as he stood and started to collect his winnings. 
‘Thank you kindly, friend, but I believe that’s mine’ he said, wondering who would throw first.  The money didn’t matter to Dan’r.  Even the game didn’t really matter, he was perfectly content winning or losing.  What was about to come, though, what was about to come was what he lived for, nowadays.
Dan’r’s hands had barely reached the pile of money when the short, balding man on his left swung angrily.  He threw a right cross at Dan’r’s face, yelling as he leaned into his punch. 
Dan’r knocked the punch aside with his left forearm, then calmly slid off his chair and in towards his attacker, swinging his right fist in a wide arc.  The clay mug he had been drinking from shattered against the front of the balding man’s head, and the earthware shards landed on the man as he fell hard to the ground. 
The calls of ‘Fight!’ and the noise of further violence starting sounded as Dan’r turned to face the rest of his erstwhile competitors.  Shaved-head and gap-tooth had grabbed what coin they could from the table and were in the process of melting into the jostling crowd of onlookers, but the large, silent man seemed to have gone into some sort of fury. 
Stone-face was no longer stone-faced.  His head was red and his teeth were bared in an angry snarl, his shoulders heaving up and down in time with his heavy breathing.  The quick change from pure calm to pure rage surprised Dan’r, as did the man’s size.  He was significantly taller than Dan’r when standing, at least two heads taller, and his large muscles bulged as he worked himself into a frenzy.  
Dan’r had just set himself, feet wide apart and arms at the ready, when rage-face grabbed the lip of the table and roared, heaving the table end over end towards Dan’r.  
Dan’r quickly ducked under the flipping table, the tabletop passing just over his head as he used one hand to support his low, almost sliding lope under the table and closer to the giant. 
The large man was already reaching both arms out towards Dan’r, intent on grabbing him, when Dan’r rolled under the table.  Jumping up quickly from his crouch, Dan’r heard the table smash into the watching crowd behind him.  He ignored the sounds; he had more pressing matters, giant pressing matters, in front of him.
Dan’r reached out with his left hand as he straightened quickly from his crouch, sliding into a half pull-up, half jump as he grabbed the large man’s arm to use as leverage.  He planted one foot on the man’s thigh and stood, now two hands taller than the man, as his foe’s arms started to close around him. 
‘Sorry, friend’ Dan’r apologized, probably unheard over the din of the tavern, then he drove his right fist hard into the large man’s neck, crushing his windpipe.  The giant tumbled backwards to the ground, Dan’r still hanging on top of him. 
‘This is going well,’ Dan’r thought as he shifted forward and tucked in, rolling with the momentum as the limp body under him hit the floor.  All of the men at his table were either unconscious or gone, and the brawl had barely started.  ‘Take down three or four more, then slip out the door.’ He thought as he rolled into a crouch by the wall, putting a hand against it to stop his roll and steady himself.  
He was about to stand when a chair hit him hard in the back, just moments before his face slammed into the tavern’s hard, wooden wall.  He didn’t even have time to curse before the inky black of unconsciousness swept over him.

***

They were finally married, Dan’r thought as he lay in bed, his arms wrapped around his wife.  It was their wedding night, and he and Maeglin lay naked under the stars, satin swathes of moonlight streaming in through the broad glazed windows to light their night.
The moonlight had seemed to dance a slow, watery waltz off them as they moved in another sort of dance, and now it continued to shimmer restlessly as they lay entwined, resting.  
‘She is beautiful, and she is mine.’ Dan’r thought as he stroked Maeglin’s soft, long hair.  She was beautiful.  She had a thin nose and full lips, blue eyes and light brown hair, and her neck was long and graceful.  He loved every part of her he thought as he kissed her forehead softly, then untangled himself slowly from her drowsing form and left the bed to stand by the window.  
He stood naked in the window, and left Maeglin to sleep a minute.  It had been an exhausting day for her, and the beginnings of the night had been exhausting for them both, though the night was not nearly over.  The night was just beginning, and he was going to enjoy every second of it. 
He stared out at the sea as he stood in the window.  The length of the shimmering moon reflected in the calm ocean waters, just as it had reflected off him and his wife earlier.  He had never really thought of the moon before, but at this moment he thought it almost as perfect as his wife. 
He could barely believe it as he threw open the tall window and breathed deep the cool, refreshing salt air.  Tomorrow they would set sail on one of her fathers’ boats, skirting the million islands before heading for their honeymoon on Kol.  
Thinking of her fathers’ boat reminded him of her father, his father now.  He was one of Char’Nath’s lords, and even as a minor lord, he was one of the more important people in Alta.  He had been against a marriage since the moment Dan’r and Maeglin first met, years ago.  No way would the daughter of a lord and the middle son of a middling merchant marry.  He said often the two should never have met, even as Dan’r continued his attempts to court Maeglin. 
Then Dan’r found his Talent.  He became an Artist, a Painter, and Maeglin’s father welcomed him with open arms.  In fact, once he became a Painter, it seemed they could not be married fast enough for Maeglin’s father, which suited Dan’r and Maeglin fine.
Dan’r chuckled to himself.  He had been married to a beautiful woman, into a powerful, rich house, and he was an Artist.  The gods must be smiling on him.  
Then he felt his wife’s arms wrap around his chest, her breasts pressing lightly into his back as she brushed the back of his neck with a kiss.
‘Come back to bed’ she breathed into his back, between his shoulder blades, and he smiled as he turned to face her.
‘Yes, my wife’ he said, and he lifted her into the air.  She wrapped her legs around his back and straddled him as he kissed her collarbone and carried her back to the bed.  
‘Yes’, Dan’r thought as he lay her down once more, ‘the gods must surely be smiling me.’

***

‘Zhe God’s hade me’ Dan’r muttered fuzzily as he woke, groaning, from a splitting headache.  He was lying in a pile of refuse, where the tavern bouncers must have thrown him after he was knocked out.  He would have to speak to the tavern owner about that.  That back wall was entirely too hard, it really needed padding.
He grunted as he struggled to his feet and began checking his cloak pockets.  Everything that mattered was there.  He was lucky.  He was missing the silver marks from the game, but those were irrelevant.  Reaching for one of his cloak pockets, his fingers touched paper.
Dan’r pulled out a full wineskin from under his cloak, uncorked it, and drank deeply.  It was still dark out, and if he got drunk enough, quickly enough, he may still be able to get some sleep.  He could move to a more suitable location, get drunk, sleep, and maybe even get rid of the pain in his head.
Dan’r stumbled a few paces down the alleyway, just far enough to be past the refuse heap he had been lying in, and sat down against a part of the wall that looked no cleaner than the rest.  He was not in a garbage pile, and that was good enough he thought, and he drank deeply until the wineskin was empty, then reached into his cloak for another.
Midway through the second skein sleep took him again.

***

The dream; his dream; his nightmare, began again right where it left off.  A part of him, that one sober, conscious part of him that always fritted on the edge of his dreams, wished it would end.  It never did.
‘Come back to bed’ she breathed into his back, between his shoulder blades, and he smiled as he turned to face her.  He knew he should be crying.
‘Yes, my wife’ he said, and he lifted her into the air.  She wrapped her legs around his back and straddled him as he kissed her collarbone and carried her back to the bed.  
‘Yes’, Dan’r thought as he lay her down once more, ‘the gods must surely be smiling me.’
It was a restless, exhausting night, and as the sun rose over the horizon, Dan’r and Maeglin reluctantly slept.  
Several hours later, early in the afternoon, the time of the day when the sun beats down heaviest upon the world, the two stood at the rail of a wide boat.  Arm and arm, they waved to the family they were leaving behind on the shore.  None of Dan’r’s blood family was there, but that could not be helped.  Still, he supposed as he gave up waving to the specks in the distance, those specks were his family now.  He had a wife, and a family again.  And soon he and his wife would have a family of their own.  
Dan’r promised himself he would be a better father to his children than his father ever was.
The boat was called The Kingfisher.  It was a wide boat, and it wallowed slowly through the water, but its thick mainmast and billowing sails gave it an air of sturdiness that Dan’r appreciated.  Besides, he thought as he turned to his beaming wife, who had just let down her waving hand, they had nothing else if not time.  They had allowed themselves two months of honeymoon, and even when they returned, neither would need, nor be expected, to work.  They could spend the rest of their lives in each other’s arms, without a care in the world.
The couple had eyes only for each other as they turned and, arm in arm, gazed with barely concealed longing at each other.  As far as they could care, they were alone on the boat, drifting slowly through the waters on a ship that sailed itself.  
There were sailors of course, climbing through the rigging and running over the well-polished deck, hauling in the long oars and setting the billowing sails.  There was a Captain as well, bellowing out orders to his crew.  Behind them all, in the background, watching as always, was Om’bh, Dan’r’s watcher.  He was always there, and had been since Dan’r came into his Art.  But Dan’r had learnt to ignore him.  As the world spun slowly around the couple, they might as well have been standing alone on the water, nothing but blue sea to be seen in any direction.
‘We have two days of sailing before we reach our first stop, love’ Dan’r said eventually, basking in the warmth and glory of his marriage.
‘Oh no!’ his wife started, mockingly placing her small hands on her delicate lips and opening her eyes wide.  ‘Whatever shall we do?’
‘I fear we must retire, before these harsh winds and cold waters disturb your delicate frame.’ Dan’r replied imperiously as he swung his arm wide, pointing at the calm, blue sea and cloudless sky above, the air filled with nothing but sunshine and the cries of gulls.  
‘Your concern touches my heart.’  Maeglin said sarcastically, and lovingly, as she wrapped her arms around Dan’r’s, and the two retired, arm in arm, to their cabin below decks, to resume where they had left off the night before.  And the cries of gulls were no longer the only cries to fill the calm sea air. 
The ship spent two weeks touring the Million Islands, coming and going at the couple’s whim.  Dan’r and Maeglin made love, annoyed the sailors, visited secluded beaches, and stayed in small coastal towns and villages.  Everywhere they went, Maeglin would tell people they were newlyweds.  The women would gush and gossip and whisper with Maeglin, the men would simply glare at Dan’r, standing proud and love-struck behind her.  In short, it was the beginning of a perfect honeymoon.   
At last, the ship left the Million Islands and started the four day voyage to the secluded island of Kol, commonly said to be the most beautiful locale in all of Alta. The Char’Nathi Emperor himself was said to have at least two homes on the island, possibly more.  It was expensive to visit, and even more so to stay, but for an Artist and the daughter of a Lord, that was of no hindrance or concern.
Dan’r and Maeglin spent much of the voyage in their cabin, recreating and sleeping.  It was during one of these periods of deep sleep that it happened.  Dan’r and Maeglin lay naked in bed, wrapped in each others arms after being rocked to sleep by the waves of the ocean.  So deep was their sleep that they didn’t notice the ocean swells growing larger, the drops as the ship crested the swells deepening. 
Dan’r woke with a start as lightning crashed just above the ship.  His heart lurched in his chest and his stomach heaved as the ship entered a brief moment of weightlessness as the ship crested a large swell in the ocean.  Then it fell.
Dan’r stood quickly, and shook Maeglin awake.  Moments after she woke, he could see the fear he felt reflected in her eyes.  
‘It will be alright’ he said as he embraced her fiercely, and they clung to each other for several moments, their hearts and minds pitching up and down with the movement of the ocean.  Dan’r eventually, reluctantly, pried Maeglin’s arms from his own, and broke contact.
He quickly pulled on breeches and boots that had lain in a pile, discarded there haphazardly much earlier in the day, and was pulling on a wrinkled tunic when Maeglin spoke.
‘I’m scared’ was all she said as she wrapped the bed sheets tightly around her, holding them up to her neck in her trembling fists.  
‘Me too’ Dan’r replied simply.  ‘Get dressed, but stay in the cabin’.  Then he turned and sprinted up the stairs to the door to the main deck.
As he opened the heavy wooden door, fierce wind and heavy rain began to batter at him.  He stumbled, and fell to one knee, as the ship pitched and yawned in the storm.  
He wondered where the storm had come from as he stood in the doorway.  As he blinked through the biting rain, Dan’r could see sailors rushing about the ship, several working at cutting away the madly thrashing mainmast.
‘How can they do this’ he thought as he crossed the deck in a half-crawl, watching the sailors rushing quickly about the ship as he slowly made his way to the rise at the back of the ship, to the helm where the Captain stood.  He reached the stairs and climbed them slowly, his hands holding tightly to the slick rails as he moved cautiously, step by careful step.
He had barely reached the top when the Captain appeared out of the rain in front of him, and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, the larger man’s hands knotting into fists in the fabric of his shirt as he shook Dan’r.
‘What’re you doing up ‘ere, fool?  He roared.  Had Dan’r not already been soaked through from the rain, he would surely have been covered in angry flecks of spittle from the furious Captain.
‘Will the ship be okay?’ Dan’r yelled back, but the Captain seemed to ignore him.  
‘Get back below decks, you fancy idiot’ the Captain yelled back, and Dan’r grabbed the arms that still held his tunic.  
‘Will she be alright?’ he yelled, and he left the Captain to decide whether he meant the ship or his wife.  He wasn’t totally sure himself.
‘Just get below’ the Captain yelled as he dropped Dan’r’s shirt and turned.  He started yelling for his bo’sun to get the idiot noble off his deck, and Dan’r wondered how he made himself heard over the roar of the storm as he started making his own way back down the stairs.  
He made it to the bottom of the stairs, and halfway back across the deck, when he looked up and saw Maeglin standing in the doorway to the cabin they shared.  She was wearing a thin white dress, now soaked from the rain, and water ran down her hair in rivulets.  The bedraggled look of her hair and dress, the way the water ran down the dress and made it see through, at once hiding and revealing everything, Dan’r had never seen her more beautiful in his life.  He barely noticed Om’bh standing beside her.
And then he was hit high in the chest by a huge wave that came crashing over the side of the ship.  He saw her standing there, perfection personified.  His wife, his love, his life, and he tried to raise his arm towards her as he was picked up and carried off the deck by the powerful sea.
And then he was in the water, being carried wildly, swiftly, away from the ship.  He struggled against the current, against the waves; struggled to keep his head above water, but it was in vain.  His clothes weighed on him, and he could feel the undertow start to bear him down.  Frantic, he cast out, eyes blind, coughing as his lungs choked on the brine.  And then his arm hit something; wood.  A barrel, washed overboard just like him.  He grabbed it, held tight, and it helped keep him above water.  
He could hear shouts from the ship somehow, even as the waves and the thunder roared, and the ocean’s swells carried him further from safety.  He saw Om’bh, his watcher, jump over the railing, falling in a smooth dive and splitting the ocean cleanly.  He caught glimpses of Om’bh as he crested each ocean swell, glimpses of the dark man’s powerful strokes as his watcher tried to reach him, and then Om’bh was gone, pulled under by the same current that had nearly taken Dan’r.
The last thing he saw before the ship was carried out of sight by the raging sea was a figure clad all in white, reaching over the rail towards him, only held back from the turbulent, dark blue waters by the hands of two sailors at her side.
And then the water was between them, and all Dan’r saw, felt, or heard, was the raging of the storm.



The Man     

I

‘The same dream.  Always the same dream.’ Dan’r thought to himself as he woke slowly, groggily in the alleyway.  ‘Why won’t it stop?  When will it end?’  He lay there for a while, in the dark, cold alleyway, its walls made from bricks with peeling paint and garbage, its sky filled with the slate rooftops of buildings, its smells the smells of rot and discarded refuse.
Out loud, he simply cursed and groaned.
Every night he returned to the past in his sleep, and every morning he woke, trembling and sweating, and he remembered how he was washed ashore all those twenty odd years ago.  And this morning was no different, although with no sun visible past the rooftops, it could have been anytime during the day.  Despite all his attempts to forget, to escape the dreams, despite the alcohol and the fighting, he woke once again, shaking and sweating.
As if the dream alone weren’t vivid enough, with the dream gone came the memories.  Dan’r remembered waking on a new shoreline, alone and half dead, in a strange, foreign land, stranded and separated from everything he knew, everything he loved.  It had taken him years, but Dan’r had slowly learned about the land he was now stuck in; learned their language, learned of their technologies, of their one god.  
It was a strange land he had found himself in.  They had guns and cannons, engines and factories.  They had trains, which he still failed to understand, and they could construct marvelous feats of engineering, bridges that spanned great distances.  But they had no art, no magic.  
Not to say it was the same everywhere.  Some of the outlying lands reminded him of home.  The tree-choked Heyle reminded him of Wessen, both countries completely overwhelmed by forest.  But the South, Rognia, the largest of the countries in this strange land, they were moving away from anything he found recognizable from his old home.  They fought like one of the Hundred Kingdoms, bickering and warring with everyone around them, but they were as organized as the Char’Nath Empire, only much more hostile.
But what scared him most, more than all the guns and trains and technologies, what still kept him drinking, night and day, for the past twenty years, was that there was no way back.  There were constant storms just off the coast of Dohm, and they made it impossible to sail home.  Even the fishermen of Dohm rarely sailed outside of the sight of land.  No-one from Alta had ever been to Dohm, and no-one from Dohm had ever seen Alta.  Dan’r was the first, the only.  The last.
Alta was home, but a home he would never see again.  He would never escape from this prison called Dohm, never see Maeglin again.  Never again would he visit the towered cities and tended forests of Sheith, he would never again stand in the Cities of Char’Nath. 
All this ran through his head as he tried to stand, as it did every morning.  One hand planted on the wall behind him, its thin coat of paint flaking as he touched the worn, decaying bricks, he slowly pulled himself to a stand, his free hand grasping once more through his cloak, ruffling through the pockets sewn inside for the paper he knew was there.
Pulling out a new, full wineskin, Dan’r unstoppered the skein and drank deeply of a nice, refreshing rosé.  He was always partial to a rosé in the morning, he found it settled his head and stomach best, and tended to lend towards a better day as a whole.  He started down the alleyway while he thought and drank, wondering where he should end up that afternoon. 
A city like Wraegn, a hub of commerce and industry, had many inns and taverns, but Dan’r had started becoming known, and unwelcome, at too many of them.  After the fight the previous night,, he likely would not be allowed into the Rusty Nail again, and he would not again try the wrath of the Rivet’s owner.  Her head was as red as her temper, and she could not take a joke.
Not counting the nicer taverns of the city, the ones normally frequented by merchants and nobles, that left Dan’r with two main choices.  The broken rudder was a nice, rowdy tavern, much like the Rusty Nail, although it had much more the air of a Sailors tavern, and kept trying to serve fish.  At three days hard ride from the nearest sizeable source of water, fish were not a commodity that could be served well cheaply.  
On the other hand, the Hopper’s Grain was less rowdy, much nicer a place for a meal, and it had one serving girl that never seemed to complain when he groped her, and always let him hang on for longer than she should.
His decision made, Dan’r stumbled slowly towards the Hoppers Grain.  After his bad luck in the brawl the night before, a night spent with nice ale and some nice company was much more appetizing than another night in an alley.
 The alley Dan’r had spent the night in was a part of a large warren of connecting passages, created by a swiftly industrializing city.  Rats, refuse, and other drunks littered the alleyways of Wraegn, or they littered the eastern edge of the city at least.  There were thieves, beggars, cutpurses, men and women of the night; they all found their way to the eastern side of the town, where the factories were.  The alleys were closer together, and the church patrols much less frequent.  
That was not to say that the church had no presence in the eastern edge of the city, or that it was inhabited only by criminals.  There were taverns, legitimate businesses, and church patrols daily.  Many regular people made their homes by the factories, forced there by rising rents on inner city houses, paid to the Church to support the wars against Riin and Heyle.  
But the alleyways, the alleyways were essentially off limits for regular people.  Go into the alleys, and you got mugged, knifed, or worse.  
He didn’t like it.  Dan’r never did.  These smokestacks and tight alleyways, the guns and engines and mass-produced clothing and food; the colour was being bled out of the entire rotten continent of Dohm, and he was stuck here.  
Where were the hues from Alta, the brilliant greens and whites of Sheith, the red and gold of Char’Nath?  True, outside the cities there were still golden fields, brilliant blue lakes, and some of the largest mountains he had ever seen, their snow-capped peaks defying the suns rays by not melting in the summer heat.  Sometimes, sometimes Dohm gave him the urge, the itch, to sit down and paint, not for money or wine, but just for the simple joy of painting.  Some of the smaller villages, like Feyen or Drey, or up north in Heyle, some places still had beauty and spirit, were worth capturing on canvas.  But the larger cities of Dohm were all dull, dead.
Thinking of painting reminded him of why he started painting in the first place, reminded him of an image that would be captured forever in his mind.  Maeglin, beautiful in a light blue dress, her hair flowing in the wind, stood atop Char’Atol’s crenulated red walls, and looked out over a sea of wheat just as the sun set above her.  The sky and the wall were red, she was blue, the grain was gold, and it was perfect.  He had painted her that night, and then the white towers of Sheith peeking out through its dark green forests the next morning.  And then he had discovered his Art.  
But here, here in the dust and dirt and depression of the city, here there was nothing, nothing that could kindle his heart to paint like before.  It was enough to lead a man to drink, Dan’r thought angrily as he drank deeply from his wineskin.
So deep and involved was his musing, and his drinking, that he failed to notice the leg that shot out to trip him from a side alley until he was already falling, face first, towards the ground.
He landed on his wineskin, hands outstretched to cushion his fall, and the skin ruptured under his weight, spraying his arms and face with wash of light pink wine.  He cursed the loss of his wine, mopping his hands futilely over his face as he lay on his elbows.  The wineskin saved his hands from any scrapes or bruises, but still, he had lost a decent wine.
As he rolled over onto his back and looked up, he saw five men, all either laughing or grinning menacingly, step out of a side alley he had not noticed before.  
They were large; very large.  Muscled and scarred, they were the kind of men who wouldn’t have looked out of place at the tavern the night before.  And one of them had been.  The first of the men to walk out, likely the one who tripped him, was the angry, balding man from the night before.  The right side of his face was bruised and cut from where Dan’r had hit him with his mug, and he was most definitely still angry about it.
The men behind him were less angry and more anticipatory as they stood behind the angry one, grinning or laughing at Dan’r.  One right behind the balding man was cracking his knuckles forcefully, while two others were drawing knives from under their clothes, and the last was wrapping a short length of chain around his fist. 
Dan’r knew the men were out to kill, or at least seriously maim, as the balding one spoke.
‘You cost me a lota money las night, ass’ he spat as he reached down and grabbed Dan’r’s shirt in two large, worn and scarred hands.  The spit was warm as it hit Dan’r in the face, just under his eye.  ‘An I don’t like people what lose me money, even less than I don’t like people what hit me.’
He tried to lift Dan’r to his feet, and Dan’r used the lift to stand, not fighting against the man.  He would need to be mobile for what was going to come next anyway.  
‘You ruined a perfectly good wineskin’ he said, looking pointedly at his arms, the cloth on them dark, clinging and dripping in the alleys half-light.  He was lucky none of the wine had gotten inside his cloak. 
‘What use does a dead man have for wine?’ the angry man asked as he let go of Dan’r with one hand, and reached behind his back.  There he would have a knife, or a mace, or something else that would likely ruin Dan’r’s day, at the least.
Dan’r had his hands inside his cloak, palming a piece of paper in each, as the other street toughs began to circle him.  ‘What does a dead man care for money?’ he said calmly, quietly, as he brought one hand up, palm out, to the angry man’s chest.  
The angry one, his left eye still slightly swollen, his breath bad, looked up at Dan’r, and down at his stomach, quickly in confusion and surprise, and then Dan’r pushed.  He pushed with his body, and his mind, and the paper in his palm pushed as well.  And it pushed hard.
There was no sound as Dan’r pushed, only the almost imperceptible afterimage of a gust of wind, but the man flew back a good ten paces through the air.  He tumbled head over heels backwards when he landed, rolling and skidding till he crashed into a pile of boxes and refuse piled on the side of the alley.  Between his landing and his companions’ loud, surprised curses, the alley was anything but quiet, even though Dan’r’s push had been.  All of Dan’r’s Art was silent.  You couldn’t make sound with a painting, just as you couldn’t make an image through sound.
Dan’r flew backwards as well though.  The effects of a push would affect the user as well as whatever it was used on, but he was prepared.  He had braced himself before pushing, and although he skidded as he landed, he kept his feet set wide, and came to a stop a few paces back from where he started. 
He was no longer surrounded by the thugs, and he almost pitied their surprised, confused looks as they glanced from Dan’r to their leader and back.  The angry one was groggily trying to escape from the pile he had landed in, muttering nonsensically as he lay thrashing in his bed of dung and rotting food.
Dan’r almost pitied them.  Almost.  But they had attacked him, would have killed him, and they had likely done the same to others.  It was unfortunate, it was something Dan’r hated to do, but he would not let them hurt anyone else, he thought as he dipped his right hand back into his cloak for another slip of paper and threw out his left towards the nearest thug.
The large man, the one who had been cracking his knuckles and grinning stupidly, was struck high in the right side of his chest by a large ball of reddish-green fire.  The fire bit into him, and his flesh popped and crackled as it burnt, but the flame itself made no noise as it sprayed outwards from where it hit.  The thug screamed as he fell, writhing, to the floor, his left hand grasping futilely at the large portion of his upper chest that was now missing.  His fingers scrabbled through charred flesh and blackened bone, and his screams of pain turned to rasps and gurgles as blood began to pool at his lips.  
Dan’r felt bad as he threw out his right hand again, this time towards the man who had been wrapping the chain around his fist.  He was reaching back into his cloak with his left hand as he did so, but he still felt sorry for them.  They were tiny and useless, powerless in their cruelty.  He knew that they were cruel, and preyed on the weak, but he had already done more than he wanted to them.  He had meant to hit the man further off to the side, in the shoulder.  Enough to injure, but not kill him.  But the alcohol got in the way.  It usually did these days.  He had to remember to drink less if he was going to fight, he thought, as the man with the chain’s left leg and lower torso covered over in frost.  The man yelled as he grabbed his leg in both hands.  ‘He shouldn’t have done that,’ Dan’r thought as he reached back into his cloak, and the man’s leg began to freeze.  If he held on too long, the man’s fingers would freeze to his leg, and he would lose those as well.
There was no middle ground, Dan’r thought as the man’s leg began to crack and fissure under the strain of his weight.  If he went unarmed, or used a sword, he would lose.  If he used his Art, he would win.  Why couldn’t a fight be fair, Dan’r wondered as he threw out his left hand towards the remaining two men, who were both turning to run, and the frozen man’s leg shattered underneath him.  Dan’r hoped the cold had at least dulled the man’s pain as energy sparked silently at his fingertips.  The man was falling to the ground and screaming, clutching at the stump where his leg and lower pelvis used to be, as lightning arced through the air from Dan’r’s hands, the loud crack of thunder shattered through the tiny alley.
The last two thugs fell to the ground, smoking and twitching as the lightning coursed through them.  Dan’r had to blink several times before the slash of blue across his vision faded away.  He always loved trying to paint lightning.  It was such a brilliant, startling blue.
Dan’r casually flicked out his right hand one last time and a large, cruelly hooked knife appeared in his hand as he walked slowly towards the angry balding man.  The man still lay gasping where Dan’r had Pushed him, and he was looking in shock at his dead and dying companions.  He started to whimper, clearly trying to speak, but unable to do so in his fright as Dan’r walked slowly closer.
‘So, friend, what have we learned today?’ Dan’r asked, fingering one of the knives’ hooks as he stood over the man.  Dan’r could smell the sharp tang of urine mixing with the rot of garbage as he reached the man and pushed the knife point against his stomach.
‘This is one of my favourite knives, friend.  It won’t hurt much going in, but it’ll pull out all sorts of interesting things coming out.  Don’t make me show you how to use it’ Dan’r said, slowly pushing it into the man’s belly.  The man’s stomach distended under the knife, then popped back as the knife tip broke skin, and drew blood.  
The man shook and cried, babbling incoherently as Dan’r pulled out the knife tip and knelt, resting his knife-arm on his knee and waving it absently towards the prostrate thug.
‘You hurt anyone else, and I’ll have to come back after you’ he threatened, tilting his head to the side and opening his eyes wide, looking as crazed as he could as he stared into the man’s eyes.
He was good at looking crazed, he had found.  Between his sunken eyes, ringed from lack of sleep, his messy beard, and the look of pain and loss that constantly lived in his eyes, he could certainly manage crazy.  Of course, being able to throw fire and lightning certainly helped the image.
He stuck the knife into the pile beside the man, then stood as he caught the jingle and shouts of approaching church guards.  There had been too much noise, between the screams and the thunder.  Not that it was surprising, he frequently got carried away.  One day he would learn to keep quiet, he swore absently.  His cloak billowed as he turned and ran down the alley, deeper into the safety, the anonymity of its mazelike confines.  
Only one of the thugs would die, he hoped.  The frozen one should only lose a leg, and the other two were hopefully just unconscious.  The one he had used the knife on was no more than scared.  He turned another corner in the alley as he considered.  He would have to leave the city now, there was nothing for it.  He was almost out of places to stay, and now he had badly injured four men.  And they knew what he looked like.  The church guards would surely try to find him.  
He would buy some more painting supplies, then leave, Dan’r decided, and he pulled another wineskin from his cloak and drank as he ran.  

II

He would have to leave the city, Dan’r knew as he sat quietly on the side of the street several hours later, slowly nursing yet another wineskin.  Even through the constant fog in his mind, Dan’r accepted that murdering one man, and severely wounding four more alone would catch the notice of the church guards.  Doing so with an Art, something that seemed to not exist in poor, drab, colourless Dohm, well, that tended to set the church on even more of an edge than common murders.  
In this case, the attention and anger of the church meant increased guard patrols, and each of the guards had probably been given some sort of description of Dan’r.  He had already spent the morning dodging guards, and it would only get harder as the citizens of Wraegn found out about him, and about the murder.  Someday he would learn to kill people right out, Dan’r thought, that way no descriptions could be given.  He sometimes wished he had a Musician, or even a Writer with him, but then, Artists were rare even in Alta.  He had never heard even the vaguest tales of one in Dohm.  
Dan’r’s thoughts jumped and skipped as he sat and drank.  The guards were certainly a problem he thought, watching with half-lidded eyes as three well dressed women walked by.  They were haughty, officious, and their necklines were high, but the colours of their dresses were nice, and the dresses themselves well fitted.  An age ago he would have offered to paint them.  The three of them, a redhead, blonde, and brunette, all in one painting, they would be gorgeous, if he could get the lighting and paints right.  Which he could.  
That thought belonged in another age though, Dan’r remembered as the three pretty women disappeared into the throng of people that crowded the street, and Dan’r was brought back to the present again.  The guards were after him.  And worse than the guards, he had well and truly started to run out of taverns to visit.  The Old Goat, the Broken Rudder, the other few taverns worth their coin in Wraegn, he could not easily drink at any of them again, and that scared him more than any number of church guards could.  No taverns to drink at meant no taverns to fight at, and that meant it was time to move on, as it had for longer than Dan’r cared to remember.
He wondered how the thugs he had beaten earlier had described him as he lowered his hooded head, glancing with the tops of his eyes as a group of heavily plated church soldiers trotted by, their shining armour and heavy footfalls creating a rhythmic jingling drum beat as they passed.  The soldiers were wearing bits of segmented plate-mail over red coats, the silvery metal over their thighs, stomachs, shoulders, and heads fitting perfectly on top of their bright red uniform.  The soldier in the front even had a bright red plume on the crest of his helmet.  He hated to admit it, but they were certainly a sight to see.  He could picture them in a wheat field, the red and silver of their uniforms surrounded by golden grain, all shining brightly in the sun.  He would paint them, standing tall, officious, seemingly invincible in their burnished armour, mighty and proud.  Or maybe he would paint them beside a deep blue lake, a deep orange sun setting behind them as they charged an unseen enemy, their faces filled with anger, fury, fear.   He could see himself painting each of them, stark and sharp, fully in focus in the center of the piece.  
Then around the edges, in the shadows between the tall stalks of wheat, behind bushes or boulders, he would add shadows, brown and black, barely visible.  You would have to concentrate to see them, they would be so well hidden.  An arm here, a cowl-covered face there, the shadows would be nearly invisible.  But when you found them, the full image would unveil.  The dull glint of a sword, the sharp arc of a taught bowstring would illuminate the shadows, and you would be able to see the men in the shadows standing quickly and feathering the sharp, proud church soldiers with arrows, running through with their dull grey swords, and then disappearing in the shadows again.  Through the alcohol he saw it all, just as he had with the three women, and he knew he could have painted it.  He knew he could have painted it so that anyone who looked at the painting would see his story, an entire story captured in the blink of an eye.  He could have done it. 
But he wouldn’t.  He tossed his empty wineskin to his side as the soldiers passed him, and he looked at his hands; he watched them shake slightly, and stared at his slowly yellowing fingertips.  He had seen this happen before; he had watched his father die of too much wine, and he knew that, slowly, he would die too.  But that wouldn’t matter.  Once he was dead, he would be at peace, and he would finally be welcomed into the flaming arms of Rohc the Forgiver, his sins burnt away before being handed, naked and clean, to Phrae, to Death herself.  
Rohc and Phrae would have to wait though; Shahn, life, still held onto him.  He would let the alcohol consume him, he had no choice now, but he wouldn’t let the guards find him.  The group had finally passed him, their jingling was now thirty odd paces further down the street; they had not recognized him.  It had happened a few times before to Dan’r since he had been stranded on these shores.  Anytime someone saw him work his Art they tended to describe him, well, wrong.  Two to three feet taller than he really was, robed all in black, rather than the dirty grey and brown he wore, his face indistinguishable from the shadow behind it.  It seemed the thugs from earlier had been no different.  It surprised him, sometimes, the lack of attention to detail people paid when panicked or surprised.  But he made use of it.
There were even stories popping up about him, legends; the dark wanderer, calling down strange magicks to protect the weak and innocent. The stories had been spreading like wildfire through inns and taverns.  Dan’r had even heard of mothers telling the stories to their children.  It was another problem with the lack of taverns, Dan’r thought as he shook his head, trying to clear his eyes and mind from the fog that seemed to float over them perpetually now.  People in taverns always told stories, and Dan’r loved hearing the stories of him.  For some reason he enjoyed being seen as a gallant stranger, cloaked in shadows and justice, rather than the drunk he was.  
‘I wonder what they’ll say I did this time’, he thought to himself as he started to stand, pulling another wineskin from his cloak.  He was running out, he felt his thumb lightly brushing the papers in his cloak pockets, the years of practice brushing aside the fog of alcohol for so familiar an action.  Maybe he would have saved a poor family from a gang of thieves this time, or stopped a group of would-be ravishers from stealing a young girl’s virtue.  
Whatever deeds storytellers invented for him, however distorted and twisted Dan’r’s activities became after each telling, he was always a tall, strong, gentle knight, robed in black, who melted into the shadows and disappeared after his good deed, never asking for compensation or recompense.  He meted out justice, and then disappeared, protecting the innocent and poor wherever he went.  In the stories he was a noble warrior, a knight, a saint.  Never a drunk.
He smiled slightly as he stumbled through the streets, following the direction the patrol of soldiers had gone before him.  He swerved as he walked, lurching whenever he lifted his wineskin to his lips.  Adrenaline from the fight gone, his drunkenness shone through.  He was too preoccupied with his inebriated self congratulations to notice passersby who sniffed and skirted around him as he passed; he completely missed the looks of disgust, the cries of beratement when he stumbled into a passing pregnant woman, knocking her and her scant groceries to the dirty streets.  
Dan’r simply stumbled down the road, quickly losing himself in the crowd, his mind focused as only the mind of a frequent drunk can be.  He no longer paid attention to the growing crowds in Wraegn.  He had been in the city for two months this time, and the number of dishevelled refugees had been climbing steadily in the past weeks.  More people in the streets meant more beggars in the alleys, more ruffians in the taverns.  Dan’r didn’t care why they were there. 
He paid no attention to the crowds around him or the soldiers on the street behind him as he stood at looked finally at his destination.  He had only been here once since he arrived in the city, in a moment of desperation.  The one place in the city to buy painting supplies, he had promised himself after his first trip he would not come back, that he would sober up for a day and make his own.  But he had run out of time. 
It was horrible really, Dan’r thought as he walked up the two stone steps and opened the shops glass-paned door, a tiny brass bell announcing his presence as he stepped in.  The front window of the shop showed large metal buckets of paint and large, wide, crudely bristled brushes.  It was a paint store, but paint for the crude and often garishly coloured houses that the people of Rognia preferred for some reason.  
Dan’r had his own brushes of course, real painting was impossible with the monstrosities the people of Rognia called brushes, but he would need their paint.  There had been a time, back in Alta, and even during the beginning of his stay in Dohm, when he had done everything himself.  He could vaguely remember stretching his own canvas and hand-crafting brushes specifically to the paintings he would use them for, discarding them after.  He could almost recall harvesting and mixing the various pigments and oils to make his own paints, in the colours he needed, combining them to create all the rainbow had to offer and more. 
Now he simply bought what was available, and if his paintings came out either dull and splotchy or too vibrant, the colours screaming in protest on his medium; if his Art came out dull, sour, and overpowered, well, Dan’r didn’t care.  His paintings had lost their life, just as he had, so what did it matter.  The money was spendable, and the wine was drinkable, and that was enough.  
‘Ey!’  Dan’r’s concentration, his inner monologue, was broken by a short, stocky man in a heavily paint-stained apron yelling and waving an arm impatiently in Dan’r’s face.  ‘What do you want?’ the short man said, putting his hands palm down on the paint-speckled wooden counter, rolling his shoulders and looking up, staring Dan’r in the face. 
‘I need some paint’ Dan’r said as he moved to the left side of the counter.  The front of the store was small, and the counter cut it in half width wise.  The front entrance to the store was on the right, the store window and a large book on the left.  It was to the book on the counter that Dan’r stepped, and began to open.  Inside were sheets of paper, stained with different colours, that Dan’r would order from, or would have, but the shopkeep spoke before Dan’r could start listing what he needed. 
‘Too bad mate.’  The short man said, cocking his head back and to the side as Dan’r turned to face him.  
‘What do you mean?’ Dan’r started, but the shopkeeper starting shaking his head slowly, still looking Dan’r in the eye.  
‘I don’t sell to drunks, or to people who huff paint, and you look like both.’ 
‘Look, shorty,’ Dan’r started, leaning forward and putting his hands on the counter as well, matching the shorter man stare for stare, ‘my money’s good, so you’re gonna sell to me.’  This was going wrong already.  Dan’r couldn’t fight the shopkeeper, he hadn’t done anything wrong, but Dan’r needed the paint.  
‘That’s too bad,’ the shopkeeper replied, sliding one hand under the countertop, ‘now get out before I call the guard.’  He continued, pulling out a large wooden club from under the counter and placing it with a thud on the countertop. 
‘Look,’ Dan’r said, reaching into his cloak for coin to mollify the man, but he was stopped before he could make it to the papers he was grabbing for.
‘Stop there, drunk,’ the shopkeep said, picking up the club from the countertop and pointing it towards Dan’r, ‘get your hand out of your cloak, and get out of my shoppe.’
‘I just need some paint’
‘And I don’t care what you need, I need you to leave.’
‘Look, threaten me all you want, I’m not leaving without some paint.’
‘Yeah, we’ll see about that,’ the shopkeeper said, glancing quickly towards the door of the shop, just as Dan’r heard the bell on the front door jingle its slow warning.  
Dan’r turned his head slightly, looking away from the short shopkeeper and his club, in time to watch four heavily plate-armoured soldiers walk into the store.  The one at the front had the red feather on the crest of his helm that signified a guard sergeant, and a longsword gleamed brilliantly at his waist.  The other three soldiers carried rifles, and Dan’r could see six more identically armed and armoured soldiers standing at attention outside the store.  The sergeant looked at Dan’r as he spoke, one hand nonchalantly on his sword as he spoke. 
‘Is there a problem here, Goah?’
‘No, Sergeant,’ the shopkeeper replied, ‘this drunk here was just leaving, wasn’t he?’ he asked Dan’r pointedly, still leaning against the counter, the club still in one hand. 
‘He’ll be leaving with us, Goah,’ the Sergeant replied, his eyes still fixed on Dan’r, ‘we have some questions for him.’
Dan’r’s hand was still inside his cloak, thumbing paper as the guard and the shopkeeper talked.  His mind was churning, trying to swim through the fog as he thought.  He didn’t like what he was going to do; he wasn’t sure if it would work.  But he had no choice.  His heart was pumping, his adrenaline flowing, and his drunkenness diminishing.
Without a word, with no indication to alert the soldiers he might try something, Dan’r turned, whipped a paper out with his right hand, braced his right with his left, and jumped.  The soldier was starting to move, his sword an inch out of its scabbard, when Dan’r pushed.  He pushed hard against the counter, and the counter didn’t move.  But he did.  As usual when Dan’r pushed, there was no sound, no smell, just the slight afterimage of a breeze in the air, and the feeling of intense pressure against Dan’r’s arms and front.
Dan’r flew back and crashed into the glass window of the store, the glass and metal of the window panes shattering and straining as his back hit them.  But the window broke, and Dan’r flew through.  He landed on the street outside the shop, rolling head-over-heels backwards through the shattered metal and broken glass.  His roll ended with him on his feet, and his feet were already pumping against his momentum, against the glass and cobblestone street, as he set off at a run.  He was away, barreling through the crowds, before the soldiers waiting outside the store could do anything, before the sergeant inside could make it out through the door, and by then it was too late.  They would never catch him in their heavy hide and plate armour, and they couldn’t shoot at him on such a crowded street. 
Dan’r ran through the main street for a time, darting through the crowd and listening for the telltale jingle of church armour as he ran, but he slowed as he reached the north end of town and still heard nothing.  There were two main roads leading out from Wraegn, one to the north and one to the east, and Dan’r already knew he would go north.  To the north lay areas less dominated by the church, and eventually the wooden country of Heyle.  The town West would be good to him, it always had before, and there was a brewer there who made several particularly fine types of ale, sweetened with honey and nuts from the tall trees surrounding the town.  At least he would go to West if the fog had not yet reached it.  Dan’r would have to check on the location of the fog soon; it had been over a week since he had last cared enough to.  
The fog tickled something in the back of Dan’r’s mind, as it always did, but other thoughts overpowered it.  The fog was interesting, a curiosity, something that maybe he should have liked to paint.  But in the grand scheme of things, it didn’t matter at all.
Still, even if the killer fog was creeping slowly over the north-west of Dohm, that wouldn’t stop Dan’r from going north.  Sure, the north road from Wraegn led closer to the fog, but the Eastern road led further into Dohm, and most of the side of the road was being excavated and patrolled by church soldiers.  Dan’r had heard that they were building a new railroad, supposed to be the longest ever.  Then he had lost interest and stopped paying attention to the conversation in the tavern, and had gone back to his beer.  What they were building didn’t matter.  The road was patrolled, and was therefore as good as closed.
Dan’r kept moving slowly as he walked past the last houses of the town.  There were no guards posted, it would be pointless.  Wraegn had no walls, and therefore no real way to keep people inside or out.  But he still had to be cautious.  He almost remembered an old proverb, something about the first time you didn’t check being the last time, but his mind failed to grasp it, and he wandered on, alone.  He kept listening for the jingling trot of the church soldiers, kept looking back for a red-feathered helm waving in the air as it marched towards him quickly, but there was none.  The church soldiers must believe he was still in the city.  Dan’r thought he might have escaped.
He wasn’t alone on the road of course, just alone in his mind.  On either side of him the refugees were going in and out of the city.  Refugees that had already been in the city for a time would turn off to the right, into the steadily growing warren of tents that stood just outside the city.  There were hundreds of them now, and the number was constantly growing.  The refugees would enter the city and see there was nothing there for them, then the army would put them up outside the city in old, partially ruined tents, and leave them.  Somehow Dan’r never wondered how long they would last there, with no food, no income.  How long would it be before the combined poverty of thousands led to riots and slaughter.  All Dan’r noticed was that eventually, after a good three quarters an hour of walking, he was the only one on the right side of the road.  
On his left though, there was a line.  A long, continuous line of weary, dirty, slowly shambling people, waiting to do nothing more than join the already growing throng outside of Wraegn.  They had been herded there by the church; Dan’r occasionally saw church soldiers patrolling the other side of the road on horseback, making sure the refugees made no trouble, but the church would help them no more.  They were being left to the will of their god and Dan’r, even at his best, could not have saved them all.

***

They must have come from Rege, Dan’r thought as he once again moved close to the winding line of exhaustion and dirt.  The church soldiers were patrolling on the other side of the line, a fair step away from the road, but Dan’r couldn’t risk being seen.  Anytime he heard the trotting of a horse, he would move closer to the refugees, would hope that he looked just as dirty and downtrodden as the rest of them.
Dan’r was in the middle of them, a church soldier was nearby, taking longer than usual watching the line.  Dan’r watched the people, shuffling slowly.  Every so often he would see a mother with her children, hear a child crying in the distance, hear someone cough as their exhaustion and malnourishment caught up to them in the form of a cold.  Then as he watched, he realized that the refugees were mainly women, and the elderly, almost every one.  Heads down, eyes looking like they had given up all hope, the women and the elderly walked slowly towards the nothing that awaited them in Wraegn, and Dan’r suddenly wondered if there would be any riots, he wondered if the combined refugees could muster anything but frightened acceptance.  
Eventually though, Dan’r reached the end of the winding line, his last chance to ask about the fog, his last chance to be like the hero in the stories and help someone.  There was an old man at the end, one of the few, walking with his wife.  They were both old, and stooped, and the man walked with a limp and a cane, but he looked like he might be able to answer.  Dan’r would take some papers from his cloak, and hand him several gold marks when he asked his question.  Then he would get his answer, and he would help the man, and his legend would continue, with a little more realism than usual.
‘Hello.’ He said simply as he approached the couple, and waited for the old man to respond.
Surprisingly it was the woman who replied, the old man simply stared forward, fixed on the back of the person in front of him, absently putting one foot after the other as he walked slowly.  The woman was just as old as the man, her eyes just as dead, but still she managed to look at Dan’r.
‘Yes?’ was all she said, through half-lidded eyes that spoke of exhaustion.
‘Where…where do you come from?’
‘Holfar.’
‘That’s a week’s walk from here, no?’ Dan’r asked, and the woman simply nodded.  Even as addled from the alcohol as Dan’r was, he knew he would not get much out of the woman.  She had given up.  
‘You left before the fog?’ 
The woman nodded again.
‘When did it reach Holfar?’
‘One week ago.’
‘Where is it now?’ The woman simply shrugged in reply to Dan’r’s last question, then turned and walked back after her husband, not even closing the distance as she walked.  
Dan’r knew he would get no more, so he turned and continued on.  It wasn’t until the long cobblestone road from Wraegn turned to dirt, and then sun hit the very edge of the horizon, that Dan’r realized he had not given the old couple the coin.  He had not helped them, and they would die, because he was drunk, constantly.  He had killed the old man and woman, had killed all of the travelers on that road, just as he had killed the thug in Wraegn.  He could have helped them, could have done something, however small, for any of them.  His Art would have let him.  But the alcohol would not.
Dan’r sat that night under a low tree just off the road.  He sat while the stars and the moon turned above him, while the world and its inhabitants sounded around him, and he paid no notice.  He simply sat, staring into the darkness ahead of him, tears rolling down his cheeks as he drank once again.  

III

Dan’r had his same dream that night, and he thought the same thoughts as he woke.  How could he be here, how could he have lost his love, his wife, his life.  How could the gods be so cruel.  Once again, as they had every morning for longer than Dan’r cared to remember, his hands shook, his yellowed fingertips struggled to open a new wineskin.  He always struggled in the morning, always struggled until he had a few large drinks into him, then his mind and hands calmed down again, back into the haze he was used to.  He simply wished the haze would cover more of the pain.  
He left the tree early in the morning, before the sun had topped the horizon.  He hated to sleep.  The longer he slept, the further into his dream he got.  It was always worse when he remembered the end, when he remembered the look on Maeglin’s face as she stood in the doorway, the ocean spray soaking her white dress through, her arm reaching towards him as he was swept away.  For years he had thought it was sorrow and loss, that it was fear and pain that stained her otherwise perfect face.  Now he knew that it was contempt and relief. He drank deeply.
She had never wanted him, never wanted to be his wife.  It had been all him, all Dan’r.  He and her father had forced her to marry him.  Why would anyone want him.  He was lower than dirt.  The only reason they had married was her father, and her father had only wanted the prestige Dan’r would bring to his family as an Artist.  They didn’t want Dan’r, no-one ever did.  No-one ever had.  His mother had left early on, leaving him when he was still a child.  He could no longer remember anything about her, just the shadow of a woman screaming at his father before slamming the door and running out, never to be seen again.  Dan’r drank again.
His father had blamed him.  Blamed him for everything.  It was Dan’r that made his wife leave.  It was Dan’r that had abandoned the family business, watched without caring as it failed slowly.  It was Dan’r who had destroyed his life.  Dan’r would never measure up as a merchant, as a son.  Why should he even try.  Sure, his father had come crawling back briefly when he became an Artist, but that was only for loans to save his struggling business, the same business Dan’r had abandoned.  There was never any love for his son.  Dan’r walked on, and the sun rose overhead, and the wine grew warmer the less there was in the skein.
By midday, when the sun was at its height, and beat down the hardest on the empty plains around him, Dan’r had finished his second wineskin.   His hands were already shaking as he grabbed unsteadily for one of the remaining pieces of paper in his cloak.  He felt only three wineskins left as he pulled one out.  He was out of almost everything, and had no paint.  He only had a push or two left, and was out of fire, ice, and thunder as well.  
He stopped for a minute when he finally managed to uncork the wineskin.  He had never remembered it being that hard, never remembered his hands shaking so violently.  The fog in his mind, the haze that seemed to be covering everything made it hard, but for a brief moment lucidity returned to him and he stared at the skein in his hands, stared at the uncorked mouth that stared back at him.  
‘I’m shaking,’ he thought, and his hands agreed.  ‘When did I start shaking?  When did I get this bad?  Am…am I dying?’ he asked himself these questions and more as he slowly lifted the wine to his lips.  He couldn’t understand it, he knew there was something wrong now, more so than ever before, but he couldn’t understand how it had come on so quickly.  He was fine the night before, then the fight at the bar, and ever since his mind had been hazier than ever before.  
‘I need to stop!’ he thought in his last moment of lucidity, then the haze over his mind crawled back, sank its hooks back into his brain, and he drank.  His hands stopped shaking and he stumbled on again, oblivious to the sun above him as he dragged his feet slowly, heavily over the rough dirt road.  
The haze was like a heavy blanket thrown over his head, stopping all thoughts from escaping but those that he feared the most.  He thought of his wife, and how she had been happy to be free of him, and of his fathers, and how they had used him, and of his friends.  Had he ever even had any friends?  He couldn’t remember.  And even if he had, they hadn’t been real friends.  They had used him, just like everyone else in Alta.  That’s all an Artist was there, someone to be used, and then thrown away.  
And it was even worse in Dohm.  No-one knew him, but everyone hated and feared him anyway.  He was alone on a continent where everyone killed, and he himself killed.  He laughed and choked slightly as he drank from his new wineskin, laughed at the refugees from Rege, fleeing the killer fog.  If the fog didn’t kill them, the church would, and if the church didn’t kill them, then Dan’r would.  They could never escape.  No-one could.  
The sun rose and fell overhead and Dan’r walked on without a care in the world, completely oblivious to all around him.  All he knew as he walked was that he hurt.  The light of the sun hurt his eyes.  His head hurt, and the alcohol would not wash away its pain, no matter how hard he tried, no matter how many drinks he took from the skein in his hand.  His memories hurt, and nothing had ever been able to wash away that pain.  
He emptied his last wineskin that night when he fell on the side of the road and lay there, ignorant and uncaring of the rocks and dirt that dug into his side.  He was out of wine, and there would be no more.  His papers wouldn’t help him, his Art wouldn’t help him.  He cursed at the wine, at himself, and at the world, mumbling angrily until sleep carried him off to his dream, and he died once again, just as he had every night for twenty years. 
The next morning when he woke the shaking was even worse, and he had nothing to stop it with.  He cursed at the world and everything it stood for for the first two hours as he walked, shaking as he screamed at the top of his lungs, telling the grass and the sky and the sun of his hatred for them.
Well before noon, without warning, Dan’r’s stumbling gait halted, and he fell.  His knees and face hit the dry dirt road at the same time, sending small clouds of dust whirling about him.  His hands had been too slow to stop his face from hitting the ground, and he could feel them shaking just as he felt blood drip from under his right eyelid and clot quickly in the dirt below.  He sucked in air and sand in equal quantities for a while, not caring till he started coughing and retching drily on the road.  He wasn’t sure how long it took to pull himself up to his knees, and then stand, but eventually he was on the road again.
The sun was at its Zenith when he fell for the second time.  He only fell to his knees, saving his face another gash, but then he collapsed and rolled over onto his back.  He was too hot, his body too parched.  It was the cloak’s fault.  The cloak and all the Art it held in its inner pockets.  He hated it.  Hated everything he had ever done, hated everyone he knew, just as they hated him.  He unclasped his cloak from his neck and left it there, lying in the road.  He grabbed the paper coins he had left, stuffing them carelessly into one of his trouser pockets, and then he was off again, stumbling once more through the hot, dry sun.  
He was in front of a small, one street hamlet when he fell for the third, and last, time.  
He had never been inside this hamlet before; he didn’t even know its name.  He did not remember if it had been there the last time he took the north road from Wraegn.  All he knew now was that there was a hamlet, and the hamlet would have wine and beer.  That, and that it was barricaded.  
He was standing in front of the hamlet, his way blocked by a crude barricade of boxes and barrels.  The few villagers must have banded together and blocked off the roads to serve as a measure of protection from bandits.  Dan’r didn’t care.  He walked slowly towards the barricade, as two youth on the other side yelled at him.
‘Stay where you are!’ one yelled, his voice cracking.
‘Walk around!’ the other cried, and even through his blurred vision Dan’r could see him waving a rifle awkwardly.  ‘Walk around or I’ll shoot!’
Dan’r tried to yell out that he would pay good money for wine, but the words seemed to get stuck in his throat.  He knew he yelled out something about wine, and getting into the hamlet, but as he tried to blink through the haze over his mind, he couldn’t tell exactly what.  
He noticed more villagers coming out of houses, pooling around the barricades, around the two youths with their rifles, and he thought he could hear them yelling at him, but he just couldn’t think straight.  If he just kept walking towards them, he was sure he could persuade them he was safe, he could show them the gold, and they would give him wine and everything would be alright.  Part of him thought that was a stupid idea, but the haze brushed away his objections, and he stepped forward.
He stopped abruptly when a thundering gunshot rang out from the barricade, stood wavering when a second rang out a brief second later.  The youths, both uncertain and nervous, had pulled the triggers.  They had shot at him.  
Dan’r slowly fell to his knees, his face blanching as he patted nervously at his chest, searching for a hole, for blood.  But the youths had missed him.  He would have laughed, if his throat had not been too parched to do so.
The world was silent as he sat back hard on his legs and stared, unseeing, at the village.  
A minute later, the villagers started whispering, their hushed voices not reaching Dan’r's ears, and the youth at the barricade reloaded, but no-one left the safety of their barricade to check on him.  They simply watched him as he sat, unmoving and unseeing, in front of their hamlet.  

IV

‘That was close.’ A voice said to him as he knelt motionless in front of the villagers’ barricade.  ‘Shouldn’t you do something?  Get up, shoot fire at them.  You can do magic, right?’  The voice was taunting, haunting, it chilled Dan’r to the bones, and held him there, motionless.  It was his wife.  In every way, every tone, every variety of inflection, it was his wife, talking to him in his head.  
‘Well, of course I’m talking to you in your head, where else would I talk to you from?’ the voice answered his thoughts.  No, his wife answered him.  But she couldn’t, she was dead.  This was wrong.
‘Well yes, I am dead.  You killed me, remember?’  And he did remember.  He remembered pushing her off the boat and into the raging ocean below before he too jumped in and ran away from everything important to him, from everything he had ever known. 
His mouth moved, and Dan’r talked to himself as he knelt, still in the same spot.  Why was his wife talking to him?  What was he supposed to do now?
‘Well obviously you’re supposed to do as you’re told.  Now get up, and get moving’ his wife said, and he could imagine her standing beside him, looking down, with one hand planted on each hip in mock anger.  No, he couldn’t imagine her, he could see her.  She was there.
‘Of course I’m here, now get up’ she said, grabbing his arm, and Dan’r stood.  

***

Dan’r didn’t notice the hamlet at all as they walked around it in a wide circle, arm in arm.
They walked on in silence for a while, until they were out of the sight of the village, then his wife turned her head to him.  ‘Why did you push me over?’ she asked, her every feature as perfect as he remembered every night.  She was still wearing her white dress, damp from the ocean spray.  
‘I…I don’t…I don’t think I did’ Dan’r stammered, and his wife turned angry.
‘Of course you did, don’t try to forget.  You killed me.  Why?  Why don’t you remember?’
‘I…I wouldn’t have.  I couldn’t have.  I’m sorry’
‘Sorry isn’t good enough.  Turn right up here.’ His wife said, pointing an officious, wet arm at a fork in the road.  Dan’r complied.  
Dan’r walked, and his wife nattered away aimlessly.  She talked about the friends she had when they lived in Alta, as if they were still there., as if she were catching him up on stories he had missed. She talked about her father, about how beautiful Dan’r’s art was, about how she had been so happy to be married.  She just talked.  She never really said anything, but somehow she seemed to fill every sentence with the pain she felt that Dan’r had killed her.  Even with the guilt that came from her accusing tone, Dan’r was more than happy to just listen to her.
‘I do not natter on,’ she said, in response to his thoughts, ‘why would you say such a mean thing?’
‘Because…because you’re not real.  I never killed you.’  
‘Yes you did, I ran to you, and you pushed me overboard.’  
Dan’r remembered it.  He saw it in his head.  He saw the tears in her eyes as she ran to him, and how the two of them together managed to stay on the ship, avoid getting blown over by the wave.  He remembered running with her towards the open door to their cabin, he remembered grabbing her wet hair, twisting and heaving, and throwing her overboard, he remembered her scream, and the pain in her face as he saw her fly overboard and disappear in the water.  He remembered how he ran to the other side of the boat and jumped off, and swam into the distance, and how he woke up, on a new island, free of all the constraints of Arts, free of his wife, just free.
He remembered it all, and she smiled when she looked at him, like it was ok.
‘No…no, I never killed you.’  He said it, and he was sure.  He remembered his dream every night.  He remembered missing her, loving her, wanting her more than anything else.
His wife shimmered and disappeared, and Dan’r was alone on the road again, alone with the voice in his head.
‘You’re right.’ Dan’r’s voice sounded to himself.  ‘Not bad.  I almost tricked you, but you saw through it.  I’m impressed.’
‘What do you want?’
‘Me?  I want what you want.  I want to rule everyone, kill everything.  Why won’t you help me?’
‘I won’t do that, I can’t.  Never.’  
‘It’s causing you more problems than you care to admit.  You’re too nice.  The church, those thugs, those villagers.  Everything would be better if you just killed them all.  Don’t pretend you don’t have the power to.  You know you can.  You know you want to.’
‘Is that your answer to everything?’
‘No, it’s your answer to everything.  I am you.’
‘No you’re not’ Dan’r yelled, and he covered his ears as he walked.  It didn’t shut out the voice, her voice, but he kept walking.  
‘Why do you keep arguing with yourself?  Are you a man?’ Dan’r’s voice asked, even though it knew the answer.
‘I am a man, and you are nothing but a voice in my head!’ Dan’r yelled again, and just as before, only the clouds were there to hear him.  
‘Well then step up and fix yourself, or I will fix you for you, you moronic inbred bottom feeder.  Stop pretending to be a man and be one.  What, not drunk enough yet?’
Dan’r yelled at himself again.
‘Stop talking to me STOP TALKING TO ME!  I don’t want to hear you.  You’re wrong.  Go away.’  This was progressing poorly, he knew.  He was arguing with himself, yelling at himself.  Hallucinations, jaundiced skin, dizziness; he was dying.  He wondered how much longer he could last.    
‘Of course you’re dying, what did you expect after twenty years of heavy drinking?  To be an acrobat?  A Zeisha dancer?  Did you expect to be handsome and strong and sane?  Because you’re not.  You are fat, old, and useless.’
His voice was getting the best of him, he knew.  He wasn’t sure why he was letting this happen, why he was letting the voice in his head win.  Then again, right then, Dan’r wasn’t entirely sure which voice was his in the first place..  Maybe he was getting the better of himself again.
‘This is entirely your fault’ He said desultorily.  He was losing the battle.  He wouldn’t lose this battle.  
‘How is this my fault?’ the voice asked, and Dan’r wondered himself.  ‘Look, you set this up for yourself.  You came to me, talked to me, looked for me, so I came to you.  I’ve done everything you want me to do.  Now stop complaining, and be yourself.
‘What more do you want?
‘Why do you keep asking me questions?  Why not try to answer them yourself?’
‘Look at me, I can’t answer anything for anyone.’
‘Is it because you can’t, or you haven’t tried?’
‘What’s with you.  A minute ago you were trying to get me killed’
‘A minute ago you wanted to be killed’
‘What do I want now?
I don’t know, do you?
You’re pretty much the only person that can know what you want.  Why don’t you go get it?
Because it’s hard.  I’ve already lost everything I love.  I can’t afford to lose again.
Why can’t you?  Why is losing so scary?  Shouldn’t you be more scared of not trying in the first place?
Stop preaching.  I just…I don’t want to lose.  I lost her once.  I don’t want to lose anyone else.
Then don’t.’
Dan’r had no idea how long he walked, how long his conversation with himself lasted.  He didn’t even really know who won.  He guessed that he had to have won, since it was a fight with himself.  But that was getting too philosophical for the moment.  He just knew it was over, for the time being at least.  The voice wasn’t talking to him anymore.  The jaundice, the dizziness, they remained.  He was sweating, and he could feel his heart skipping and adding beats, feeling like something was trying to kick its way out of his chest each time, but at least there was only one voice in his head.
But his head…his head HURT, more than it had hurt in longer than he could remember.  His hands were still shaking.  But his thoughts were strangely, blessedly, clear.  He was still walking.  He had been walking the entire time, somehow.  He tried to gauge the hour, but all he saw in the sky around him was smoke, and clouds.  The clouds were rolling in, circling around a cone of smoke.  In his newfound clarity, Dan’r wondered and knew at the same time what the smoke meant.  Despite his headache, despite the shaking in his limbs, he set a harsher pace.  There was a village down there, burning.  He had to help it.  He would still die, and likely very soon now that his hallucinations were gone.  But he would help them first.  
V

Dan’r was still several hours out from the village, no more than a smoking dot in the distance, surrounded as everything was by hills and fields, when his chest clenched.  He had been walking fine for hours, through headaches and shaking that only seemed to worsen, but the chest pain was something else.  He sat down on the edge of the road to breathe as his heart skipped its beats.  He tried to beat on his chest, he tried breathing deeply, but his heart simply wouldn’t work.  He felt everything in his chest get tight as he listened to the rhythm of his heart echoing through his head like the largest drum in the world.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat beat.
Silence.
Beat beat beat
Silence
Beat.
He lay down and stared at the steadily darkening sky above him as his fist clenched hard over his chest.  He was lying there in the dirt, sweating and trying to decide if the feeling in his heart was pain when the convulsions hit.  
As Dan’r lay there, unable to control his body, his limbs and head flailing in the dry dirt road, he wondered if this was the end.  Wondering if he would die of a fit on a dirt road, if his life would end so pitifully.  When the fit ended, he rolled over onto his side and curled in a ball, coughing at the tears that rolled down his eyes.  He wished he wouldn’t die alone, so far from home.
Even if he stood, and got to the village, what could he do?  He had lost his cloak and his supplies, back when he was shot at.  What was he supposed to do?  He was powerless.
Somehow though, Dan’r stood.  Something about the conversation with himself made him stand.  Nothing had changed.  His hands still shook, his head still ached.  Somehow in the course of his fit he had bruised his left elbow, and reopened the cut on his right cheek.  He bled again as he started to walk once more. 
Ten minutes later he could see rain.  Thirty minutes later, he was in it, and it drenched him completely.  But it also washed away weeks of dirt and grime.  And somehow it seemed symbolic as well.  Dan’r almost felt like the rain was washing away years of failed life, of making the wrong choices.  He thought he could hear music, faint and thin through the downpour.  But it couldn’t be, it was only rain.  
He thought it might have been late afternoon when he finally made it to the village, when he finally stepped onto its cobblestone streets and started to make his way between its burnt and broken buildings.  There had been a barricade at the entrance to this village, just as in the last one, but this one had been moved aside, the guards still there, lying in the road with their throats slit.  Their deaths would have been silent.  
He started noticing bodies all over.  It looked as if all, or nearly all, of the town had been slaughtered.  But as Dan’r walked slowly through the streets, as he blinked the cold rain from his eyes, as the haunting notes of a dirge blew through the wind over the town, carrying the rain, Dan’r saw that much that had occurred was intentional.
Not just the violence had been intentional, it almost always was, but that the horrible nature of it had been on purpose, not just an afterthought.  Many of the villagers had died where they stood.  Silently.  But then Dan’r started noticing posed bodies.  One naked woman, her clothing cut away and her body placed as if she had been raped then killed, yet she’d been dead long before her clothing was cut away; the deep cuts on her arms and stomach had not bled.  
It was difficult.  Dan’r fought with his headache, distracted.  He fought with the rain, blinking it out of his eyes while it tried to wash away any evidence.  But it was still there.  Days ago, Dan’r would never have found it, he would have assumed bandits had gone overboard.  But his mind was clear.  This wasn’t bandits.  This was planned, deliberate, designed.  It was wrong.  
Only then did Dan’r start noticing the music.  The haunting melody, the black dirge that floated through the town, giving rest to all its people.  They would have no funeral but the song that floated over them, and Dan’r couldn’t help but feel that it was right.  There was something about the song, something about the way the notes carried meaning, almost carried life.
He closed his eyes and listened, just listened to the song in the rain, and he could see them in his mind.  He could see the people of the village, could see how they would have been alive.  They went about their day, shining in the light, happy and good, always.  He felt it, and he knew this was no hallucination, no addled alcohol-brought dream.  The song, the music that drifted over the town made it so.  
Dan’r started to walk towards the sound.  Then to jog.  Awkwardly at first, each footfall sending a jarring pain piercing up through his head.  By the time he reached the edge of the town, he was running at a full sprint, ignoring the stabbing pains in his head.  He couldn’t believe it.  No-one in this gods-forsaken land could write or play something so beautiful.  
He slowed as he saw the large tree looming over the hill, slowed as the song got louder and louder.  As he walked closer and started up the hill he could see a child sitting against the tree, swaying as he played, his head down, his eyes either fixed on his instrument, or closed.  
The child looked up as Dan’r started to climb the tree, looked up and looked straight at Dan’r.  The child was young, his hair light blonde.  His left eye was a startling blue, light and clear as the sky on a perfect day, but his right was closed tight, scabbed over under a long red cut that ran from the boy’s forehead to the middle of his cheek.  The boy cocked his head to the side, as if confused, but his left eye betrayed no confusion, no emotion.  It looked as dead as Dan’r felt every morning.  
The boy stared at Dan’r, never slowing or stopping his song as his fingers played expertly across the lute in his arms.  Dan’r looked the boy’s right hand, bloody, and with pieces of fingers missing, when his chest clenched.  Then it tightened.  Then Dan’r fell.
It was happening again.  Another fit.  As Dan’r’s body flailed wildly on the ground, he wondered if he would make it out of this one alive, wondered if he would be able to help the boy.  As his vision faded to black, the boy’s song carried on


On Waking

I

Dan’r woke slowly.  Very slowly.  He woke from a sleep that had held no dreams.  Even before waking, in the dark semi-haze just before consciousness, he knew that he hadn’t dreamt of his wife, of the ship and the storm.  The sleep had been deep, cleansing.  Painless and pure.  Almost.  As slowly as he woke, he was slower realizing he was awake. 
He knew he had not dreamt while asleep.  The feeling, the wonder of a dreamless sleep faded as the awareness of wakefulness gained ground.  By the time Dan’r knew he was awake, all thoughts of dreams were long gone. 
The first thing his conscious mind chose to notice was that his back was warm.  Warm and dry.  Very warm in fact.  The warmth presented large contrast to his front, which was wet.  
The warmth was not bad.  Not too hot, like the embers of a fire, or weak, like trying to get warmth from a candle in the middle of winter.  It was the kind of warmth that made one want to lie down somewhere in the middle of an afternoon, and sleep; the kind of warmth that washed away all aches and pains and cares in the world, and just felt right.
And then Dan’r sneezed, and noticed the wet grass in his nostrils, tickling him.  Annoying.  There was grass all around him.  He clenched his eyes together as he came fully awake, and memory flooded his head.  He had been sick, shaking, maybe dying.  And there had been a storm, and music, and a boy.  
His eyes bolted open as he remembered the boy, but all he saw from where he lay was the grass, emerald waves of grass stretching out over low, rolling hills.  
Dan’r groaned as he lifted his front slowly off the wet grass, lifted his weight up onto his elbows, his head hanging down between his arms as he breathed heavily.  He remembered a time when waking didn’t take nearly so much effort, but he was young and healthy then.  Now he was old and slow, and there was no haze of alcohol to mask and dull his pains.  
He grunted as he pushed with one arm, rolling himself slowly onto his back, the sun warming his chest almost instantly.  His eyes closed quickly, reflexively against the day star’s bright flames, and then blinked slowly open, squinting through the sunlight.  That moment was perfect.  The feeling of warmth ran through him.  The sun had warmed his back, soothed his muscles.  He didn’t hurt.  He couldn’t remember the last time his back hadn’t hurt.
The sky above the grassy knoll was blue and beautiful.  The sun, the blue expanse, the few pure white wisps trailing lazily through the stratosphere, they made his hand itch.  His hand twitched slightly, grabbing at nothing, and for the first time in years, it was not reaching for the nearest bottle.  He was reaching for paints and brushes he was not sure he still had, for parchment he now knew he needed 
‘They’ll have to wait’, he mumbled to himself, low, under his breath, breathing deeply.  So low even his own ears were unsure if he had spoken at all.
His head didn’t hurt; his arms didn’t so much as shake as he pushed himself slowly off the ground to stand.  His chest wasn’t so tight either.  Whatever had been plaguing him, rest had done him some good.  Dan’r muttered something about sleep curing all ills as he stood.  
The tree from earlier was not far away.  The great oak stood thirty feet off or so, far enough that Dan’r had not been sheltered from the rain under its awning branches, or from the sun.  But it was close enough that now, in the light, he could clearly see the boy lying slumped over in the grass, his body fallen at an awkward angle.  
In several quick strides, Dan’r was at the boys side, kneeling.  He was shocked when he touched the boy’s neck to check; the boy was unconscious, but still breathing.  
The boys light blonde hair was spattered with drops of blood at the front, and was cut short enough all around that Dan’r could clearly see the red, bloody gash across the right side of the boys face.  With the dried blood covering most of the boys face, Dan’r could hardly tell what the damage was, or what had caused it, though the cut looked straight at least.  
The eye was certainly bad, Dan’r thought as he pulled the boy off of his side, and lay him out on his back beside the tree.  Under the boy lay a lute, its neck broken, probably from when the boy fell over.  As beautiful an instrument as it might have been, it would make no more music.  
The boy’s face looked bad, and if it were any indication, his hand would be bad as well.  Dan’r left it, bound tightly in blood-stained cloth, two bloody fingers and a thumb sticking free of the wrappings.
And the boy was young.  Dan’r was old, certainly, and had little to no experience with youth, but the boy looked to be no more than fourteen.  Young, to have been so badly hurt.
Young, to play such beautiful music.
Still, Dan’r could do nothing for him here, under a tree in a large field.  He would have to move.  The boy’s life was in danger, and for the first time in what seemed like forever, Dan’r had some purpose other than alcohol.  He would save the boy.  Somehow.

***

An hour or so later, the high noon sun found Dan’r grunting and sweating as he pulled a wooden cart back towards the village, with the boy in the back.  He had found the cart easily enough, it was under a pile of crates blocking the entrance to the town, but it took longer to find a building standing in good enough condition to act as shelter.  
The cart bounced heavily along the cobblestone streets, and a light pall of smoke and death still hung on the air.  The boy had been limp and mumbling when Dan’r lifted him to the back of the wagon.  Exhausted, fevered, the boy was sick.  He had to be taken care of, but here was no-one around to do it; no-one but Dan’r.  
So he trudged on, the cart behind him trundled, shifting from side to side as the wheels rose and fell unevenly over the city’s old cobblestone streets, till he stopped in front of the building he had chosen for shelter.
The church was large, solid.  Its heavy wooden door and thick stone walls were mostly intact and, while the insides had been ransacked, they were in much better shape than the rest of the village.  The only other suitable house was the large stone manse at the top of the hill, and Dan’r hadn’t wanted to climb that alone, much less pulling the wounded boy behind him.  
So the cart rolled to a stop in front of the church, and Dan’r put his hands to his knees to breathe.  His head was clear for the moment, his hands recovered from their shaking, but his lungs were still old, tired, and out of practice.  He sucked in air rapidly, wanting to lie down on the road and rest.  He couldn’t allow himself the luxury though.  If he did, who knew when he’d persuade himself to rise again.

***

Dan’r left to look more thoroughly through the streets and houses of the little town.  He searched for useful things left behind, things left unbroken; things left un-charred by the fires.  There were surprisingly few.  He had covered the boy, left him in the dark while he went out to search.  There had been nothing he could do for the boy without supplies, and now he had a nearly full sack on his shoulders.  Candles, a water-skin filled from a clean trough, some bread and cheese found in a pantry, a miraculously unbroken bottle of spirits from what must have been the village inn.  
More than supplies though, Dan’r made his way back to the church with thoughts.  Something was wrong here.  There were too few dead in the village for the attack to have been by raiders, or slavers.  Very few old or infirm were among the dead, and raiders generally left them behind.   The attack had been organized; had started from inside the village.  A vague trickle of hazy memory from his walk through the village in the rain told him he had noticed this before.  But now, out of the rain, in the light…it was easier to see.  Easier to know that there was something else going on.  
‘Whatever it is, I’ll deal with it later’ he thought to himself darkly as he pushed through the wooden church doors.  

***

It took him much less time to go through his supplies than it had taken to find them.  He lit the candles, spread them out throughout the church for light, and comfort.  He managed to trickle some water down the boys throat, used the rest to wash the scabbed blood away from the boy’s eye and hand, then he daubed the spirits over the sharp cuts, to stave off infection.  
The boy had yelled when he poured on the spirits, and struggled, but he was weak.  Weaker than Dan’r.  Now he lay on a cot Dan’r had moved to one side of the church, piled under blankets.  
The boy was lucky.  The gash along his eye was straight, shallow, and leapt from his forehead to his cheek.  The eye had been untouched.  His hand though…he would still be able to use what was left of his fingers, but…well…nothing else could be done.  Maybe if they had been in Alta, and the boy had been found earlier…but no.  
Still, he would live.  He would sleep, deeply, until his fever broke.  But he would live, he would recover.  
And until he did, Dan’r would stay with him.  

***

The first day, Dan’r mostly slept.  While awake, he prowled through the village hunting for more supplies, found more food, some bandages, some pots and pans he could cook with.  He managed to get food into the boy, cleaned and bandaged the boys hand and eye as best he could, then he cleaned himself.  A knife and a piece of shattered mirror helped tame his beard, and his hair, both of which he had neglected for entirely too long.
The second day though, Dan’r walked into what looked like every other house on the street, tall, clean, proper, only slightly burned by fire.  He had long since stopped looking at the bodies still piled in the streets.  Its windows were even all intact.  This house was different though.  Dan’r had no idea who might have lived there before, but whoever was had painted.  
None of the work was particularly good.  It adorned the walls and filled a large room in the back of the house.  Gaudy portraits, the colours muddy and poorly mixed, the backgrounds uniform, empty.  The people themselves were flat; no detail or expression to them.  They felt fake, without essence or ardor.  But they were painted.  
And that room at the back…filled with painting supplies; oils, pigments, brushes, canvas.  More supplies than Dan’r could remember having in years.  
So he took them.  
The rest of the second day, and the third day, found Dan’r painting.  He ate some of the scavenged supplies himself, managed to get water and some bread into the boy, but the rest of the time, he painted.  Nothing useful, nothing spectacular, he just wanted to paint.  
Time passed.  Dan’r spent the days without speaking; there was no need to.  But the small, burnt-out village was far from quiet.  The quiet scratches of charcoal on parchment and the rustling and light moans of the hurt boy somehow seemed to fill the inside of the stone church, seemed to mix with the sounds of the world outside.  The high pitched chirps and trills of small birds, the rustling of debris tossed about in light winds, even once the crash of a burned-out house collapsing, its charcoaled timbers unable to support itself; the sounds from the outside tried to invade Dan’r’s mind, tried to distract him. 
They failed.  

II

Everything was on fire.  Why was there so much fire.  And why did everything hurt so?  There was screaming, and fire, and he couldn’t find anyone.  They were screaming for him, he could hear them.  He could hear his mother calling his name.  Was she?  Was anyone?  There was just so much pain it was hard to think stra…
Gel sat up with a start, a light blanket falling slowly into his lap as he reached out a clammy, shaking, four-fingered hand to the cold stone wall beside him.  It was a dream.  He was at home, he was safe, and…
Four fingers.
He pulled his left hand, his only real hand, to his forehead as he started to sob.  As tears began to fall. 
Well why shouldn’t they?  He was broken, and he was alone, and everyone he loved was dead.  Why shouldn’t he cry?
‘Because crying won’t help you’ the voice of reason in his head said.  It was that calm voice, reasoning, his own mind’s way of thinking to itself, and its message was simple.
‘Get up, Gel.  You have to get up.’
Gel threw off the covers and stood shakily as the voice of reason spoke, his left hand going to the wall for support, for leverage.  
The stone wall was cool against his sweating palm.  Blessedly cool.  He put his right hand, his half-hand, up against the cool stone wall as well, partially for support, but mostly to soothe the fire that was all his right hand could feel.
Gel stood there a while, both hands against the wall, head bowed, chest rising and falling in ragged breaths as the voice continued talking.  As long as it was only in his head, he wasn’t talking to himself.
‘Get up, Gel.  Get up and smell the ashes.  Someone did this to you.’ The voice continued in his head, angry as Gel knew he should be.  ‘Get up and find them.  Find whoever took your life from you.  Find them and destroy them.  Make them pay.’
And the voice in his head was right.  Somehow he would do just that.  He had given up, earlier.  Thought that all he could do still for his family was play them out, until he played himself out too.  But no, there was something more.  Somehow he would make them pay.  They deserved it.  His family, his friends, and whoever had done this, they all deserved it.  They deserved vengeance, revenge, and there was no-one but Gel who could bring it for them.
The other side of his head wondered if he might be wrong, though.  What could he do?  He was young, weak, poor.  Alone.  
But, he was standing now.  And the fire in his hand burned less; the cool church stone had at least soothed that one ill.  His voice of reason had gotten him this far, hadn’t it?  What could it hurt to continue listening to it?  He had nothing else.
 ‘I know what I have to do, now’ Gel thought to himself as he turned, looking slowly about the room, as he took in shattered and upturned pews, large hard wooden constructs carved generations ago, that had always seemed as eternal as the stone of the church.  ‘I have to find them,’ he thought, his eyes passing quickly over several canvas bags, their outlines showing they were filled with something, ‘Find them and make them pay,’ he thought.   His eyes narrowed in confusion at the sight of an easel, paints and canvas set up in the middle of the cleared area; widened in surprise as they found, and stopped on, a man curled against the wall opposite Gel.  The man appeared to be asleep; at least his eyes were closed.  
Gel didn’t know who the man was, but he would start with him.  He would find a knife, or a sword, and start getting his revenge right then and there.  He would kill the man against the wall.  He had to.  He was part of it. He had to be.
Looking quickly through the scattered bags on the church floor though, Gel only found food, paints, scattered brushes, a few small bottles of liquid.  Nothing he could use against the man, nothing that would give him the advantage he would need.  The man was bigger, stronger.  Gel wouldn’t last.  He wasn’t running away, he told himself, he was surviving to deal with the man later, when he was stronger.  The rationalization helped.
So instead, Gel grabbed one of the canvas bags full of food and left.  He left the church he woke up in, left the house he grew up in, left the only place he had ever lived, left it all behind, and started along the cobblestone road out of the city.  
He looked back once, before he left the village entirely.  Looked back at the square stone villa atop the low hill at the center of town; back at the only home he had known.  From the distance, he could almost pretend he couldn’t see the door on its hinges, could almost pretend he couldn’t remember the inside of the house, that he couldn’t remember the destruction that greeted him when he woke.  Part of him remembered the last time he had left the city, remembered that lovely day spent with Mae, kissing under the Tree.  But he shook his head, banished those thoughts.  They were gone, they would never happen again.
He started to put distance between himself and the village, but the distance wasn’t enough.  His eyes couldn’t ignore the destruction, and his mind couldn’t stop seeing it.  It got worse every time he thought of it, imagining the fire, blood and destruction.  It layered itself steadily over his image of the town, a dark filter of fire and smoke, getting heavier with every pass.
Gel’s mood was dark, darker than it had been before he went to play under the Oak tree.  He could no longer pretend that his house was okay, just as he couldn’t pretend that the village behind him was now nothing but a charred and broken husk, a torn and shredded shadow of a painting that once was.   He could pretend, could grieve, no longer.  It was time to act.
And so he left it all behind.  He left the destruction and the terror, the death and pain, he left his life behind and headed out, alone, onto the open plain that surrounded Oortain’s Copse.  
Part of him wondered why the rest of the world should seem so beautiful, so pristine.  A clear blue sky; birds and sun were in the air.  Green-gold fields surrounded him.  Why should the world seem so perfect when his village behind him crumbled slowly to ashes.
But most of him ignored that.  Ignored the sky, the birds, the sun, everything but the canvas bag held tightly in his hand, dragging jerkily along the dirt road underneath him, and the thought of how he would make them pay.  

III

Dan’r woke slowly; the sort of crawling return to consciousness that ekes out of a quiet, dreamless sleep; where the first moment of wakefulness is indistinguishable from the last fragile grasps of unconsciousness.  
Even after waking, he lay still, curled against the wall, unable to be sure if he had woken or was just stuck in a calm, silent dream.  Either way, he knew that moving would spoil it.
Eventually though, Dan’r rose from his calm lethargy.  Just as every dream must eventually end in wakefulness, so too must every moment of halcyon, where all seems right with the world.
On this morning, light and quiet, Dan’r’s calm was broken when he realized the boy was gone.  Gone sometime in the night or the morning, in the few unguarded hours Dan’r had slept.  There was no way of knowing when the boy had disappeared, no way of knowing when.  
Just days out of his drunken stupor; just days into trying to do right by the world again, and Dan’r was already failing.  He cursed himself for not grabbing wine when he was ransacking the rest of the village.  He could use a good drink.
‘He’s not ready yet.’ Dan’r thought angrily as he looked over the scattering of supplies strewn about the church.  He looked down at his hands, pale but steady in the morning light, ‘I’m not ready yet.’
He hadn’t been ready to move yet.  There was food in the town, supplies, but he hadn’t collected enough.  And he’d spent his days painting nothing; landscapes.  Vague memories of scenes he recalled from his drunken haze.  Nothing he could use.  He was losing valuable time already, not leaving after the boy immediately, but he couldn’t leave yet.  
So he sat at the easel he had found, threw aside the canvas that he had been working on.  He had been painting the tree he had found the boy under, its dark and verdant leaves already painted, surrounded by a light outline of grass.  He had been about to start the shading, had been about to start putting in the small details of feeling and colour that would make the painting seem more alive, more emotive.
Instead, the painting landed on the floor of the church, the still wet oils sticking quickly to the cold stone, and Dan’r began to sketch on sheets of parchment.  Days ago, in his delirium, he had thrown away his cloak; it was the first thing he redrew, and then he quickly sketched out the pieces that would fill the pockets of the cloak.  Not all of them, he didn’t have time for them all, but the important ones.  Water, food; the essentials.

***

His Art finished, Dan’r began to sort through the supplies scattered among the broken pews.  Much of the food he had scavenged on that first day in the village was gone.  At least the boy had thought to bring supplies when he ran.  The remaining food went into a bag with what art supplies Dan’r could fit: the brush and paints he had found; those would be hard to replace; charcoal, and some inks, scraps of parchment of varying sizes.  The canvas and easel would have to be left behind.  As glorious as it was to paint on real canvas again, it would only slow him down.  
No.  For now what Dan’r needed would have to fit in the one bag, and into the pockets of his cloak, newly made and stocked with scraps of parchment.   Days ago, it had been a weighty burden.  Now its presence, its weight, was comfortable.   
Four hours after discovering the boy gone, Dan’r was on the move.  He circled the outskirts of the village first, his back stooped, his eyes and hands intent on the ground beneath him.  It would be faster to see if the boy had left the village, before searching house by house.  
He found what he was looking for.  On the eastern edge of the village, where the cobblestones turned to the dirt highway that ran throughout Rognia: recent footprints; small ones.  The boy had gone East.  
Dan’r stood and knuckled his back slowly, cloak billowing lightly in the wind around him. 
‘What I wouldn’t give for a goddamned horse’ he muttered to himself, already wincing at the tight knots hardening in his back.  Still, there were some things he could not make.

***

‘I hate walking!’ Gel yelled at no-one.  The sun beating down on him, the blue sky above and the golden fields that grew on both sides of the road ignored him, just as they had each time he had yelled out before.  ‘Hate it!’  The few birds in the sky ignored him too.
He saw a clump of dirt on the road ahead, somehow held together in a vaguely spherical form.  He wanted to kick it, just as he wanted a weapon of some sort to swing at the unoffending grain to either side of him.  The last clump of dirt he kicked had broken apart.  Unbalanced, he’d fallen, and lain dejected on the ground.  It had taken him a good five minutes, and more energy than he thought he had left, to force himself to stand again. 
‘I hate you!’ Gel yelled at the dirt as he walked slowly past it.  The dirt ignored him, just as the rest of the world had.  Yelling was just making him thirsty.  
He missed water already.  He had two loaves of bread in the canvas bag, now covered in dust and dirt from being dragged along behind him for hours, and a lump of cheese.  He’d already eaten the two apples, and wished there had been more.  He should have brought water.  
Being thirsty, not knowing how to pack, made him think of Sheane and Mae.  What he wouldn’t give for an afternoon with them under the shade of the old tree, with a picnic basket and a lute and not another care in the world. 
Vengeance wasn’t fair.

***

It didn’t take Dan’r long to find the boy.  He’d had much less of a head start than Dan’r expected, and he seemed to be stopping frequently to hate the world.  Dan’r knew from years of first hand experience how much that could lengthen the pace of a journey.  
What took time was skirting around the boy, staying close enough to keep an eye on him, but far enough to not be seen.  Dan’r left the dirt path, made his way through the fields on the left of the road, wading through the tall grass as if it were water.  The land was flat, and Dan’r could make out sheep grazing in the distance, but he wasn’t worried that the boy would spot him.  The boy was too angry to pay attention to the world around him.  Anger clouded the boy’s eyes as alcohol had clouded Dan’r’s for years.  Meeting him now wouldn’t help.
Dan’r reached his hands into his cloak, his fingers touched parchment.  He pulled out a water skein, uncorked it, and drank deeply.  It wasn’t cold, but still it was water.  The boy would need some eventually.  He’d have to stay close enough to be there when he did.  
‘Wish I had a hat though’, Dan’r thought to himself.  Then he smiled.  The boy had probably stopped to hate the world again.  He had time.  He lowered himself slowly to sit cross-legged in the middle of the dirt road, and reached his way into the bag at his side.  Pulling out a large sheet of parchment and some charcoal, Dan’r started to hum, a vague idea of a plan forming as his hand moved the charcoal across the page in short, measured, controlled bursts, the scratching sounds coming from the parchment music to his ears.


The Student and the Master

I

Gel wasn’t doing so well.  The sun beat down on him, the lack of water…they were not helping his journey, especially not in his still injured state.  He had no idea who had re-wrapped his wounds for him, and in a quiet, distant part of his mind he supposed it had done him well, but…still.  He hurt.
His hand and face hurt, a dull, aching throb with each step he took.  He had no water, and he still had no idea where he was going.  Aimless vengeance was more difficult than he had anticipated.
He’d given up on cursing or kicking at the ground a while ago, and now he just walked.  As it was, he spent much of his time looking at the ground, watching where his feet fell so he wouldn’t fall.  He had fallen several times already, too many times, and his feet were dragging now, putting rough, shallow furrows into the dirt of the road.  It wouldn’t take much to put him face first on the ground again, and Gel wasn’t sure he’d be able to make himself stand from another fall.
Because of his preoccupation with his pain, because of the concentration it took to put one foot in front of the other, Gel almost missed spotting him.  Almost, but not quite.
Gel was very close when he noticed the man on the side of the road.  He froze immediately in mid-stride and crouched as much as his aching legs would allow, watching.
He was just…lying there.  Dirty clothes, his hands behind his head, one leg crossed over the other as he lay on his back, a wide-brimmed straw hat covering his face.  He was…well, Gel wasn’t quite sure what, or who, he was.  But aside from the man sleeping curled up in the church when he left, he hadn’t seen another person in…he wasn’t even sure how long.
Gel stood there, watching the man for a good minute before he decided he must be sleeping, and wondered idly how long it was since he had talked with anyone other than himself.
Then he spotted the sack near the man’s head.  It was full.  Full of what, Gel didn’t know.  Food, water, maybe even a weapon.  And then it didn’t matter; there, lying right beside the sack, was a skein, clearly full.  It could be water, or wine, but Gel couldn’t care less.
The thirst that had ached through Gel for hours hit him with a painful surge.  Before he realized it himself, he was creeping slowly towards the sleeping man, tiptoeing as quickly and quietly as he could.  
He reached the man, looked at him again, making sure there was no movement.  Skein and sack, Gel would take them both.
He reached down, his hands inching slowly closer to the skein on the ground. 
His hands clamped down silently on the sack and the skein, a grin breaking out over his face as his eyes stayed locked on the man’s immobile form.
And then there was a hand around his wrist; intense blue eyes and a cropped beard staring into his eyes. 
Gel was stunned, frozen, by the blue eyes in front of him.
Then the beard laughed.  ‘Finally found you again, Boy.’  A grin.  Teeth.  The skein and sack fell from his grip, ignored and forgotten.
And then Gel was pulling back, stumbling, trying to wrench his arm free, failing to break free from the man.  
Falling.
Gel flailed, he kicked, he punched with his full left fist.  
And the beard held on.  His grip was like a vice, held tight and fast around Gel’s right arm.
‘Settle down, boy,’ Gel heard the words come out from behind the beard; ignored them.  ‘I’m not like to hurt you.’
A grunt as Gel landed a kick, hit the man…somewhere.  Gel had no idea where; it didn’t matter.
More struggling. 
Somehow the beard snagged Gel’s left hand out of the air, in mid swing.
More struggling.
Gel cursed as well as he knew how.  He yelled and screamed, pulled and twisted, but he couldn’t break free.
The beard just laughed.
It took a while, but Gel eventually stopped struggling; accepting he wouldn’t be breaking free.  The bearded man was too old, too strong; Gel too tired from walking.  
Instead, Gel affected an angry, accusatory glare, staring down through the tops of his eyes at the man, his hair falling angrily, messily, over his vision.
The bearded man hardly seemed to notice the anger, the hatred that Gel was directing his way.  
‘We done now, boy?’ the beard asked.  
‘It’s like he’s making fun of me’, Gel thought to himself, struggling again briefly.  The man sat up, pulled Gel to a hobbled sitting position.  Gel tried to get an arm free, but his struggle was short and in vain.  
‘Boy, don’t make me tie you up.’ The beard said, letting go of Gels right hand and pulling a length of rope out from under his cloak.
Sullen, Gel realized he was stuck.  He couldn’t break the man’s grip, even with one hand free.  Not yet anyway.  He’d have to think it through, stay calm, escape later.  He was young, clearly smarter than the dirty old man.  He’d find a way.
‘I’m done.’ He grumbled, dejectedly, letting his arms fall limp at his sides.
The man let go of his arm.
‘Bout time,’ he chuckled, shaking his hands out at either side of him.  
‘Not yet…’ Gel thought to himself as the temptation to bolt for freedom rose, ‘Have to catch him off guard…’
And so he sat, glaring, as the bearded man sat in the dirt of the road opposite Gel, stretching his back and smiling. 
Gel wouldn’t be fooled.

***

‘Boy’s going to be a problem’, Dan’r thought as he sat across from the glaring youngster.  ‘He’s young.  11?  12 maybe?  He has no survival skills.  He’s scared, and too angry to think clearly.’  
Dan’r smiled, almost a wry grin.  He never had children, never even had brothers or sisters.  He had no idea how to deal with a child.
‘Kid knows nothing’ he thought, wondering how to start talking to the boy.

***

The bearded man just sat there, grinning stupidly at him.  After a minute or so, well, Gel started to get angry.  
Angrier.
‘I’ve already given up, haven’t I?’  Gel asked himself, scowling, ‘what more does he want?’
They sat there for a minute longer, Gel glaring and the man doing…nothing really.  
Then the beard seemed to shake himself out of whatever strange world he had drifted off to in the first place, and spoke.
‘So, boy.  What’s your name?’  His voice was harsh and low, with a slow, muddy rasp and a strange accent.
‘What do you care?’ Gel spat.  Stupid old man, trying to be nice.  
‘Do you want some water?’ the beard asked, motioning towards the skein that lay on the ground between them.
Gel wouldn’t say it; wouldn’t give the man the satisfaction, so he just glared.
The beard shrugged.  ‘Suit yourself.’ He said, grabbing the skein, drinking deeply, and putting it back on the ground.  
‘My name is Dan’r’, the beard said.  
‘That’s a stupid name.’ Gel interrupted sullenly.  What did he care what the beards name was.
‘Probably,’ the beard said, shrugging again, ‘but it’s the only one I’ve got, so I live with it’.  
‘Still stupid’
Silence again.
‘That was quite the storm…’ the beard tried again.
Gel glared.
‘What, ah, what happened to your village?’ the beard asked. 
‘You know, you did it!’  Gel thought, glaring more angrily.
‘You’re…not going to talk with me, are you?’ the beard asked, shaking his head slightly.
‘No.’
‘What happened to your lute?’
Gel’s glare softened immediately, and he looked away from the beard, his eyes seeking and finding the dirt ground beneath them.
‘Broke.’ He mumbled.
It was…they were both broken.  His lute, the one he had used, had carried with him almost everywhere for years; the one he had taken from old lady Vaen’s house…they were both gone.  And he wasn’t likely to hold another.
Lutes were, well, expensive.  And no-one was likely to let a child hold one.  Gel was the best, he KNEW he was the best, with a lute, but no-one else knew.  Everyone else would just think him likely to break it.  Everyone who had known he was the best was…
‘Broke.’ Gel said again, to get his thoughts clear of what had happened to his home, his life.
The worst part was he could feel it.  He could feel the desire to sit and play, to continue what he’d been doing under the tree.  He wanted to play almost more than he wanted to find whoever had attacked his home, whoever had…
‘That’s too bad,’ the bearded man said, and Gel almost imagined he could hear sorrow in his voice.  ‘I’m sorry for your loss.’  He sounded…sincere.
Gel looked up to see the man rummaging through his sack, pulling out what looked like paper, and charcoal.  
‘What are you doing?’ Gel asked, curiosity overwhelming some of his sullen anger.
‘I’m going to give you something; try to prove I’m not going to hurt you.’ The beard said, as he started making quick, accurate lines on the paper in front of him.  
He was holding the charcoal lightly, looking like it was more likely to fall out of his fingers than make a mark on the papers pressed tightly against his thigh.  It looked awkward, out of place, but also…right.
Gel leaned forward, curious and confused.  It took him a minute, but the lines slowly started making sense.  Stupid, useless sense.
‘You’re drawing me a lute?’ Gel asked, his anger returning.  ‘You’re making fun of me.  First you attack my village, then you trick me and capture me, and now you’re making fun of me?’ Gel’s voice rose quickly ‘What’s wrong with you?!  You…you…’ 
‘Quiet, boy.’ The beard cut him off, not even bothering to look up from his drawings.  
Gel was left spluttering; wide-eyed.  It didn’t make sense.  The old man was insane, he had to be.
‘Good enough for now’ the man mumbled to himself eventually.
And then everything got stranger.  The man took the drawing he had just made, frowned, and crumpled it into a ball between both his hands.
‘What…’ Gel started. 
‘Quiet.  Watch.’ The man said, almost before Gel had started talking.
And then he pulled his hands apart, and the air, it shimmered.  It looked almost like the waves that appeared sometimes in the air on hot days, making waves out of whatever was behind them.  Only it was magnified a hundred fold; a thousand fold.  Gel couldn’t see through the waves, and it hurt his eyes just to look at them.
It didn’t last long.  The man spread his hands, the air shimmered, Gel’s eyes rebelled in confusion; in pain, and then the man was holding a lute.
Not a drawing of one, not a sad replica made of charcoal and parchment.  
A true, honest, lute.  
The bearded man hefted the lute once, twice, and shrugged, then held it out to Gel.  ‘Haven’t done that in front of anyone in a long time’ the bearded man said, rolling his shoulders and shaking his right hand.
Gel stared at him.  The wide-brimmed hat, the blue eyes, the beard.  The lute.  
‘How…’ he started, shook his head.  It didn’t really matter right now.
Gel reached his left hand out towards the lute slowly, looking at the bearded man sitting still across from him.
‘Gel’ he said, then wrapped his hand around the neck of the lute.  ‘My name’s Gel.’

***

Dan’r watched as the boy took the lute, slowly ran the free fingers on his right hand down the strings, before stopping and shaking the bandages off the hand angrily, impatiently. 
The boy sat up straight and played his left hand along the neck of the instrument, as if to get a feel for it.  He breathed in, closed his eyes, and started to play, two clear notes ringing out under the afternoon sun.
And stopped immediately, looking angry yet again.
‘It’s out of tune’ Gel complained as he started playing with the pegs at the lute’s head.  The pegs cracked and squeaked as the boy turned them slowly, sounding a single string and listening each time he turned a peg, till he was satisfied with the sound it made.
Dan’r laughed.  ‘Look, kid, I just made you a new lute.  What’s more, I made it out of nothing.  You don’t get to complain about it not being in tune.’ He said, putting his hands on his knees to stand, and grimacing at the cracks his knees made as he did.  Besides, you can tune it later.  And play it later.  For now, we should move.  Get out of the sun at least.’
‘What makes you think I’m coming with you?’ the boy said, suddenly suspicious again.
Dan’r looked at the boy, brushed a hand back through his hair, shorter and cleaner now than he could remember it being in years.  ‘Do you want to know how I made that Lute?’ he asked.
‘Well…yes…’ Gel said, nodding.
‘Do you want to know what else I can make?’
‘Well…yes…’
‘Well, then you’d better follow me, hadn’t you?’ Dan’r answered, holding his right hand out to the boy to help him.
The boy looked at Dan’r’s hand, shrugged, and stood up by himself, folding his right hand into a ball to push himself up while holding onto his new lute in his left.
‘Lead the way then, old man’.

II

He entered his office quickly, the door swinging shut behind him the moment he crossed the threshold.  His strides were quick, purposeful, and in three he reached the dark, polished wood desk in the middle of the floor.  
The desk itself was ancient, and he knew its every intricacy by heart.  Hand carved with the images and symbols of Ragn; the names of his disciples and prophets.  In the center of the desk, in testament to the religious fervor and god-given skill of the carver lay a burnished flame, depicting Ragn in his most pure form.  Underneath the dark desk was a bright red rug, luxurious, and patterned throughout in black and gold.  
The desk, the rug, the heavily polished and waxed wood floorboards underneath, even the lack of windows and the oil-burning lanterns that lined the sides of the room, they were all there to convey a particular image, a particular feeling.
And it was a beautiful image; striking, powerful, evocative.  Seeing it always brought him some measure of peace, a moment of tranquility, much relished and deserved, from the normal hurricane of activity that was his every day.  Just as seeing it would give any other that entered the room a feeling of inferiority, of powerlessness.
Of course, that was when he could see the desk.  Covered in letters and reports as it was at the moment, it simply angered him. 
He briefly considered sweeping an arm across the desk, scattering the assorted papers across the floor, freeing the holy symbols of the desk from their dark confines.  
But as he sat, as he began to skim through one of the many papers, he knew he wouldn’t.  His land, his people, were in danger.  He would show resolve, strength.  He would act in a manner befitting his role in the church.
So instead, he read, the lights of a cool dozen oil lanterns steadily lighting the words in front of him.
Riin’s defenders in the southern desert were still keeping the Church’s armies at bay.  Horse-mounted saboteurs kept destroying water caravans.  Always just the water.  General Chae was apparently at his wits end with how to proceed, not that he had ever had many wits to begin with.  Hereditary positions for the army were a mistake, one he would rectify.  Eventually.  When he had time.  Still, no water meant no concerted attack could be made against Ceyl, which meant none against Riin itself.
Annoying, he thought, but with perseverance, Ragn would prevail.  He always did, after all.
The forced evacuation of the North was still proceeding, the refugees moving slowly towards Wraegn.  The ruse was still working, thankfully, as he had been promised it would.  What would happen to him, to the church, if it were discovered?  He shuddered to think.
Food shortages were starting around Wraegn, some anger beginning to afflict the populace.  More soldiers would put a stop to that.  More soldiers, and more work camps.  Further out from the city this time.
The reports were endless.  No word had come south from Heyle in weeks, not that they concerned him.  Heyle was a backwater, a haven of whores and inbreds.  Someday they would be brought to heel under the arm of Ragn, but they mattered little.  Heyle could keep its fancy of freedom and independence, could keep its forests and mountains for now.  There were lusher, more important places to deal with first.
Dhome and Dheme continued their incessant bickering, as if there were no more important matters to be dealt with.  He wondered how they could ignore the Fog, the war, the spreading famine; how they could ignore everything but their constant bickering, and still not come to blows.  But again, more important matters.  
As he flipped through the papers on his desk, jotting down quick notes and replies for each, he waited.  He knew what would come, eventually.  Bhede, his secretary, always put it at the bottom.  It used to matter more, weeks ago, used to interest him more.  But it was always the same report now, always the same.  And it angered him each and every time.  Bhede was right.  Best to leave it to the end, till all the important decisions were made, till the problems he could solve were solved.  Best to leave the anger as long as possible, as close to when he could retire to bed, and entertainment, as possible.  
There were dozens of reports to go through, maybe closer to a hundred of the blasted things.  Some could be ignored, could be thrown in the trash to be burned later, but more required at least a cursory response.  Many required more.  But eventually he reached it, that final report.  It was small, neatly written, and frightening, as it always was these days.  Sent by pigeon, the few scratched sentences were close together, inked in a steady hand.  
‘No changes.  Fog still advancing.  Experiments continue.  Require more subjects.  Recommendation remains same.  
Staen.’   
The same.  Always the same.  The fog was still coming, and the fool man was running through test subjects faster than the army could provide them.  
He scribbled a reply.  He’d send refugees if he had to.  He could not fail.
He had planned everything.  Everything!  And it was all working too.  Had been working anyway.  The enemies of Ragn were going to be crushed, and he would lead the Church when it happened.  He would be heralded through the ages, his name would echo through the holy halls for an eternity, and he would sit at Ragn’s right hand in the After.  
But then the fog had come, and now it was throwing all his carefully laid plans awry.  What good were the carefully laid plans of men when God intervened?
‘Why is Ragn testing me this way’, he wondered silently as he stood, slamming his hands on the desk in anger.  ‘What more must I do to prove myself?’
The door to his office opened, and Bhede bowed his way in, shuffling as he did so.  He must have heard the slam, known what it meant.  He often did lately.
‘Come, my Lord, they are ready’ he wheezed as he bowed the way out of the office. 
The Meiter, chief of the church, Master of Ragn’s armies and ruler of Rognia, strode willfully past his servant, robes billowing out behind him as he absently wondered how many he would go through before he could sleep tonight.

***

Staen hated having to move the camp with such frequency.  Twice a day, all tents, all equipment, all prisoners, would have to be packed up and moved further towards Ragn as the Fog continued its relentless, inexorable march.  So far nothing had stopped the fog; not even lines of torches set out as a barrier.  Yes, the torches had slowed the fog for a time, kept it at bay anywhere the torchlight hit.  But a long enough line wasn’t possible.  Eventually the Fog just flanked the torches, took them from behind, and continued, unabated.  Staen still didn’t know if the torches continued to burn after they were surrounded by the Fog.
He cursed under his breath as the wagon jostled.  The idiot driver had probably hit a rock.  Couldn’t the fool learn to drive properly?  The stacks of books around him swayed as the wagon continued.  
Staen couldn’t write while the wagon was moving, which he hated, but his mind never stopped working.  He only had thirty two subjects left, which wouldn’t last him the week.  The Meiter needed to send him more subjects.  He had sent hundreds into the Fog, but none of them had come back out.  He had almost lost a team of horses trying to have one prisoner pulled back out of the fog.  Twelve horses couldn’t pull the man out.  It was…astonishing.  The Fog was strong.  
Strong and strange.  It killed anything living it touched, slowly covering them and consuming them, but it ignored any inanimate objects.  Trying to capture the fog in jars or flasks had proved useless.  As soon as the container was pulled away from the main body of the Fog, it was empty.  
Fire held the Fog back, but could not be used to make it retreat.  The Fog never seemed to give up ground.  And it never moved with the wind either.  In fact it only looked like Fog.  Nothing else about it was the same.  ‘Still, Fog is as good a name as any’ Staen thought to himself, giggling.
Still, there must be something about Fire…something that made the Fog delay when confronted with its light, or its heat perhaps?
Staen wished he could pace.  He liked walking while he thought, but with the wagon moving; it wouldn’t do to fall.  Embarrassing.  Possibly painful.  Certainly distracting.
What was it about the Fire?  Was it the heat, or the light, or a combination of the two?  Maybe he was on to something here…he would have cauldrons filled with water.  Heated and left, he would see if they halted the fog’s advance.  If they did, it was the heat.  If not…was there any way to test for light?
The Sun’s light clearly had no effect on the Fog…maybe it was just the light from a fire?  Which meant…
Maybe it was Ragn, doing what he could to protect his chosen people.  Maybe the Fog was some kind of enemy of Ragn’s, and Ragn would fight it through fires set by his holy people?  Or maybe the Fog was sent by Ragn, in order to punish the unfaithful?  Perhaps only true believers in Ragn would welcome the fire enough to be saved?
Staen would have to send the theory to the Meiter.  Theology had never been his strong suit. 
Still, if it was Ragn fighting the Fog, or Ragn that had sent it…maybe his subjects weren’t believers?  Maybe Ragn was punishing them for being nonbelievers, or they weren’t strong enough to fight Ragn’s enemy.  
Staen would need someone stronger in faith as a subject…maybe the Meiter would allow him a few Priests.  He would need at least 10, for controls, and multiple tests…yes…that would work.  
But rounding up priests would take time; time to ask for them, to wait for an answer, to wait for delivery.  And for now, he had no time.  He never had enough time.  But he might be able to try something else…
Staen lurched forward slightly as his wagon came to a halt.  
‘Finally’ he nodded to himself, standing and grabbing his latest notebook as he walked to the wagon door.  He had more thoughts to write now, as he always did after moving camp, but first…
He opened the door to his wagon and stepped out to organized chaos.  The caravan had stopped at what appeared to be an abandoned farmhouse.  Probably abandoned anyway.  Staen doubted anyone would have stayed when the Fog was so close.  
On the other hand, if the farmhouse were still occupied…he could always use more test subjects.
He stood impatiently, looking out over the dry dirt of the farmyard as he waited for his desk to be set up.  Two soldiers were struggling to pull it off the back of one of the wagons.  Staen’s foot tapped impatiently, absently, as he inspected the surroundings.  
The subjects were led into the barn across from the farmhouse.  A kick or two from the guards to get them moving.  Having the subjects indoors would be beneficial.  Easier for the guards to watch them.  He had fifty men under his command, and the subjects, but he always needed more of both.  
Staen wondered absently if any of the farm animals were still alive.  Some fresh meat would be a welcome change.  He had given up testing the Fog with animals.  They garnered him no useful information.
‘Bring me the Legnar’ he said to one of the men who had finally finished setting up his desk and stood wiping his palms on his uniform.  The man saluted and trotted off as Staen sat and began to write.  
Staen hadn’t written out all of his thoughts from the trip yet when the Legnar arrived, saluted, and stood at attention in front of his desk.  He didn’t bother looking up from his notes as he spoke.
‘I had some more ideas on the trip Legnar.  I want…hmm…five subjects.  And I want as many religious objects as you can find.  Symbols of Ragn, idols, any of the holy works, as many as you can find among your men.  Have them search the house too.  Maybe they’ll get lucky.’
‘Sir’ the Legnar replied, saluting and turning to leave.  He was always very curt with Staen.  Probably didn’t like having to call him Sir.  Ah well.  
‘A moment, Legnar.  Two hours, by the barrier.  Bring the subjects and the items, and I’ll also want several cauldrons of boiling water.  Say…four of them.’ He said, his quill continuing to scratch away at the paper in front of him.  
‘Sir’ the Legnar replied, saluting again and turning away, his boot heel crunching a divot into the hard packed soil of the farmyard.
Staen stopped writing for a moment, his eyes and brow furled in thought.  He would need a control for the water as well…
‘Ah, Legnar, one more thing.’
The Legnar stopped in midstride, turning at the waist to look back.
‘Make it six subjects please.’
The Legnar saluted, and turned away, yelling some orders to his soldiers.  Staen ignored him, and the rest of the noise as the camp was reset.  He had notes to make.  

***

Two hours found Staen watching the fog, watching it slowly creep forward through the fields around him.  He had half the soldiers with him, as well as the Legnar and the subjects, but he noticed them almost as little as he noticed the fields of some type of grain around him.  The Fog always held his attention when he saw it.  How many lives had it taken?  How many would it yet take?  Could it be weaponized?  Controlled?  It still had not touched Rognian soil…would the holiness of Ragn’s chosen land stop it?  More questions.  Always more questions.
The first round of test subjects was in place.  They had been chained by the ankle to stakes in the ground, so they could not run.  They had also been stripped, as usual.  Four men and one woman in this test.  The men must have come from Heyle, as with most of his subjects.  Maybe the female had been a camp follower?  He rarely used women as test subjects.  This one would be interesting.  
He was using her as one of the controls.  She sat still, her naked back to Staen.  Unfortunate.  But she didn’t struggle, or scream.  He wondered what she was thinking.  Maybe she had given up?  Maybe she had given up years ago?  Staen made a note.  He should find out about his test subjects.  Any information could someday be crucial.  Where they were from, what they did, what they believed in.  He would have to have one of the soldiers conduct…interviews. 
Though, if one lived, he could ask them then.  Ask them what though?  Staen made a note quickly in his book.  ‘Come up with questions?’
The woman was still.  The men on the other hand…the other Control was straining against his chains, trying to rip the stake from the ground.  Many subjects tried that.  It never worked.  The soldiers had learnt to plant the stakes deep.
The other three subjects were covered in all the religious tokens he had been able to find.  One knelt on the ground, head in his hands, crying.  They cried as often as they struggled.  Another was struggling, trying to tear off the tokens that were tied to his body.  That might prove a problem.  The Fog was too close to send a soldier in to discipline him.  They would have to tie the subjects’ arms next time.  
The last test subject was on his feet, yelling and screaming at Staen and the soldiers, straining against his chain to get as far away from the Fog as possible.  He was yelling something about Staen’s mother now.  This happened often too.  Staen ignored the man’s ranting as usual.
Staen watched, and hoped, as the fog inched ever closer.  It reached the rightmost man first, the one who had been kneeling and crying.  Staen rose up slightly in his chair; his desk and chair had been placed at a suitable vantage point, and now he held himself tensed for that first moment when the Fog touched a new victim.  The Fog was touching a man covered in holy symbols of Ragn for the first time…the reaction could solve everything.
Staen could see the tendrils eke forward as they always did when approaching a living person.  They touched the man’s shoulder first, and he jolted up, his sobbing cries replaced by screams of fear.  He started to flail, tried to shake the Fog from his arm.  It clung, thin wisps that had reached from the main bank of Fog growing steadily thicker as the bank moved closer to the screaming man.  
It was interesting.  When his experiments had begun, the soldiers under him had grimaced, or turned away.  Some had even vomited, watching the Fog reach the test subjects.  Now though, now they stared ahead, emotionless.  That too begged more study.  He would have to make a note of it.  What would it take to desensitize someone?  And what could they be desensitized to?  Violence surely, or at least watching it…but…committing violence?  Could they be desensitized to food?  To sex?  Something else to study, after the Fog.  If there was an after.
The other subjects looked at the doomed man, tied to his post and slowly being consumed.  They became more frenzied in their cries, in their attempts to break free.  But the one touched just continued to scream.  The Fog flowed over his holy symbols as it did over, well, anything else.  And then a tendril reached into his mouth, then flowed quickly into the man, almost as if it were filling him.  Then the main Fog bank…bulged, and surrounded the man.  His screams cut off completely.  
It was what always happened.  Every time.  The Fog never changed, never took people differently.  It touched them, crept over them, entered them, and then the wall would bulge forward, sit still a moment, then start forward again.  
The holy symbols had done nothing.  
Staen scribbled furiously, noting his observations, even though they were the same as the observations that filled a full fifty notebooks back in his wagon.  
The other men went the same way, screaming as the Fog overtook them.  They fought, or yelled, or struggled.  Even the subject that had been yelling so vehemently about Staen’s mother glared till the end.  He quit yelling when he realized his fate was sealed, but he stood, staring back towards Staen and the soldiers, one lip curled, anger and disgust clear on his face.  Staen was sure the man would have tried to rip the soldiers apart with his own hands if could have reached them.  
‘Not that he will now, with the Fog wrapping over him’ Staen thought to himself slowly, almost smugly.  There was no joy in watching his subjects used, no, but maybe there was some measure of satisfaction.
Still, nothing had changed, this time or any other.  The symbols of Ragn hadn’t helped.  Staen started to order his desk packed up; they would have to move back further, prepare the cauldrons for the second round of tests for the day.  Hopefully the heat would do something.  He was running out of options as quickly as he was running out of test subjects.
Only a lucky, half-hearted glance back at the naked woman saved his day’s experimentation; saved even more possibly.  She was still sitting there, almost as if she were waiting for the Fog.  No tears, no screams, she didn’t even yank at her chain, or move to the end of it to get away.  It was like she didn’t care.  And the Fog…it seemed almost as if it didn’t care either.  In every other subject Staen had observed, the Fog would reach tendrils towards, grab them, cover them, and then…bulge out towards them.  But the woman…
She simply sat there.  And the Fog bank rolled over her.  It didn’t cling to her, didn’t flow into her mouth, didn’t bulge out when it reached her.  
And now Staen had no idea why.  Something about her had been different.  She could even still be alive in there.  He had no way of knowing.  But she was the control, so it couldn’t have been the religious objects. 
It wasn’t simply that she was a woman…he had gone through women subjects before, as rare as they were; they had the same, the normal, reactions.  What could be different?  He wished he could pull subjects out of the Fog, but it had never worked before.  He would have to have them all roped though, tied to horses just in case.  Could he have pulled the woman out if he’d been prepared?
Could she have been with child?  Would that matter?  He scribbled furiously.  He would have to interrogate the soldiers back at the camp.  Maybe they had done things to her before?  It seemed likely.  He would find out everything he could about the woman.  He would find a way to save all of Rognia.  
For now though, he still had experiments to conduct.  
‘Move the camp back a hundred feet, and get fires under those cauldrons.  Once they’ve boiled, put out the fires.  We need to see if heat will stop the Fog.’  Staen said calmly as he stood and picked up his notebooks; the soldiers would move his desk further back.  One always had to have a solid desk for good note-taking. 
‘And don’t forget to throw the last subject into one of the cauldrons.’ He said, remembering.  One always needed a good control for experiments.  
Staen hummed lightly, tunelessly to himself as he walked towards what would be the second staging point, wondering why the woman had been different; why she hadn’t struggled.  

***

Bit was angry.  Furious, even.  His face was probably the same shade of red as his robes.  Furious.  
For the moment though, as he marched through the streets of Wraegn, he didn’t care.  Sure, the people in the streets stared at the big priest, clearly fuming intensely behind his red cheeks, but his mind was more occupied in his long strides, and in replaying the conversation he had just had, than in any care for the people around him.
‘We need to talk’ Bit had said under his breath as his Alde passed him in the corridor.  ‘Now’.
Hil, his Alde, had looked at him out of the side of his eyes, his head bowed and his hands clasped together in front of his chest, hidden by the long sleeves of his robes.  Hil had nodded, and Bit had fallen into step behind him, following him all the way to his office chamber. 
The Alde sat as Bit closed the door behind them, and turned to face his superior.  
‘Yes, Bit?  Of what do you wish to speak?’  He leaned back in his chair.  The man was slim, gaunt; seemed dwarfed by his robes.  He disappeared in them. 
‘Alde,’ Bit started.  He had spent an hour that morning thinking of what to say, and now he had nothing.  ‘Something is wrong with the Army.’  
‘Explain yourself, Bit.’
‘I’ve been hearing disturbing reports, Hil.  Refugees being mistreated, being left behind or killed when they couldn’t keep up with the rest of a caravan.  And Ragn knows, the conditions in the camp outside the city are already bad enough.  No food, no order.’  Bit paused.  Hil watched him silently, his fingers steepled on the desk.  
‘Worse still, I’ve had reports of villagers being forced out of their homes by soldiers.  Even rumours of farmhouses being burned down in order to force the farmers to leave.’  
‘Bit, where have you been hearing this from?’ the Alde asked, his voice free from inflection.
‘From people I trust, Hil.  What’s going on.  Tell me, please.’
The Alde stared at Bit for a second, weighing, judging maybe?  Then he sighed, and looked down at his hands still steepled on the desk.  
‘Bit, you’re a good man.  A good priest.’
Bit said nothing.
‘I’m going to ask you as a mentor, as a friend, to ignore this.  Let these reports go.  They’re not true.’
‘Hil, …’ Bit started, but was cut off as Hil looked up at him angrily.
‘As your superior, Rilden, I order you to ignore this.’  Bit noticed the change, from using his name to using his title.  The conversation wasn’t going where he wanted, and now his Alde was getting angry.
‘What do you mean ignore this?  If our people are dying it is our duty to protect them!’
‘Bit…’
He was yelling, he knew.  But he didn’t really care.  His temper was always a bit of a problem.
‘I don’t know what’s wrong with you, Hil, but I will not stand by and let this happen.  I will not let my people die.’  
Maybe not using his Alde’s title had been a bad idea.  Or maybe it was the yelling.  He yelled too much, at times.  Eventually his Alde had kicked him out.  Bit was still furious, still had no answers, and now had no-where to go.  
He stalked through the crowded streets of Wraegn, his red robes and red face affording some space, but still, the streets were tight.  They had not been built with so many people in mind; so many refugees.  
What would he do next?  Collect evidence and seek an audience with the Meiter?  Even if he could gain an audience…if the Alde knew what was happening, then surely the Meiter did as well.  The orders would likely have come from him.  
But where else could he go?
Bit was no closer to deciding his next move when he felt a sharp pain in his side.  Then another, and another.  He looked quickly, but saw nothing but the crowd moving past him.  
His hand pressed to his side came away red.  He stared at his hand a moment, confused.  He’d been…stabbed?  
His knees buckled before he could sort his thoughts out. 
People passing him in the street stopped, stared.  One came over to help him, wondering why the large priest was on his knees.  
Then Bit pitched forward, fell face-first into the cobblestone road.  The last thing he heard was a voice yelling for the guard.

III

They hadn’t walked long before Gel started wondering once more why he was following the old man.  Dan’r, or whatever his name was.  True, that big of magic had been amazing, but…there had to be another explanation.  He must have had the lute hidden…somewhere…and then pulled it out.  There was always an explanation.  Magic only existed in stories.  
Gel remembered seeing a bard once, remembered how he had juggled and pulled flowers out of nowhere.  He had thought that magic.  Only later was he told that the flowers were hidden in the bard’s sleeves.  There had to be an explanation for what the man had done.
They walked in silence for a good five minutes, maybe more.  Gel thought he’d start by asking the man where he’d come from, or maybe what he was doing in Oortain’s Copse.  Or what had happened that night.  Or maybe where the lute had come from.  He was just about to open his mouth, to blurt out whichever question came first, when the man spoke.
‘So.  Gel, right?’  Gel nodded.  
‘Where were you headed?’  
Gel was going…he was going to…’I was going to find them’ he muttered.  He still was going to.  
‘Them?  You mean whoever did, ah, that?’ Dan’r said, nodding his head back towards the village, now out of sight but for the light wisps of smoke that told that parts of the village still smoldered.  Gel nodded again.
‘Well, I hate to say it ki…ah…Gel.  You’re going the wrong direction.’
‘What do you mean?’ Gel stopped walking, looked up at Dan’r.  He hadn’t realized before how tall the man was.  
‘I mean we’re going East.  They went South.  Probably towards Wraegn.  If you’re trying to find them, you’re going the wrong way.’
Gel felt himself getting angry again, and suspicious.  ‘How do you know?’
‘I know a lot more than I let on, kid.’ The man said, and Gel felt himself prickle.  Then the man turned, faced him.
‘Fine.  Look Gel, I wasn’t there.  Whatever happened, I wasn’t a part of it.’  Gel thought he sounded honest, again, but…
‘Then how do you know…’ the man held up a hand, interrupting Gel.
‘Like I said, Gel, I know more than I let on.  I notice things.  If you tell me what you know, then I can probably help you piece together what happened.’
‘What I know?  What’s it matter.  They went south.  We can’t catch them now.’
‘Gel, trust me.  I know where they went.  I also think I know who they are.  Just tell me what happened.’
‘What happened?  They killed everyone, that’s what happened!’
‘They didn’t, Gel.  There weren’t enough bodies.  Most of your village was taken, not killed.’
‘Taken…they’re…they’re not dead?’
‘Not yet anyway.  Now, Gel, what happened.’
Gel stood for a minute.  Then another.  What the old man said almost made sense, he thought.  He had seen his teacher dead, and…Del, the baker, and Daeny, and…and who else?
He couldn’t remember.  He had seen at least a dozen bodies, but…that was so few.  And where were his parents, and…
‘If they’re not dead…’
‘Gel…’ the old man prodded him again; trying to get him to tell his story.  But it hurt, didn’t it?  Thinking about it?
‘I woke up,’ Gel started, ‘I woke up and everything outside was on fire.  And all I could hear were screams and yells.  
‘Before I could do anything, or move, there was a man in my room.  He had a beard, and a sword, and he…’ Gel looked down at his hand, at the scabbed stumps where his last three fingers had been.  
‘I…I woke up, and I found the lute, and I went to the tree, and…’
‘Right’ Dan’r said, looking away from Gel.  ‘We go south.  If we cut straight through the fields, we should hit the road to Wraegn late today, or tomorrow.’
‘Wait!’ Gel cried.  ‘You said you knew who did it.  Tell me!’  
‘I’ll tell you what I’ve figured out as we walk.’ Dan’r didn’t wait before stepping off the dirt road into the field to the right of the road.  But he did look back at Gel, to see if he would follow.
Did he have a choice?  He hadn’t exactly been doing well on his own.  And if the old man knew something…
Thoughts of running away that had hovered in Gel’s mind since the man first grabbed him clashed with the promise that his parents were still alive, and the promise that the old man knew more about them.
Gel stepped off the road to follow, and the two started off through the fields, heading south.  
‘Where do you want me to start?’ Dan’r asked.
‘Why are you here?’
‘…luck.  I was wandering, aimlessly.  I heard your music, followed it, found you.  Found your town.’
‘No, why are you here.  Following me; helping me?’
‘…because I need something from you.’
‘What?’
‘I’ll tell you that later.  Next question.’
‘Who did it?’
‘I…I don’t know.’
‘You said you did!’
‘I know.  I have an idea…but…look.  I know a few things.  First, it wasn’t bandits.  If it were raiders out of Heyle, they would have killed a lot more people, and taken a lot more from the homes they looted.  Second, whoever it was went south.  A group of over two hundred.  There can’t have been that many attackers, so…’
Gel processed the words as Dan’r spoke them.  Felt the little flame of excitement catch, felt it flicker to life, then explode.  
‘They could still be alive!’ Gel yelled, excited.  ‘We’ve got to catch up to them!’
Gel set himself to run.  He’d catch up to them, he’d find his parents, set them free, set the whole village free, and they could all go back. 
Dan’r’s hand grabbed him by the shoulder.  
‘Hold up kid.  Slow down.’
‘Let me go!  I’ve got to find them!’
Gel felt himself spun being around, felt Dan’r grab him by his other shoulder as well.  The old man kneeled down, looking Gel in the eye.
‘It doesn’t work that way Gel.  We have to go slow, conserve our energy.  Otherwise you’ll collapse before you make it to the road.  We’ve also got to plan.  There could be a hundred soldiers there.  We’re two, and one of us can’t fight.’
Gel looked into Dan’r’s eyes, slowly, sadly, nodded that he understood.  
Dan’r let go of Gel’s shoulders, started walking southwards again, and after a second Gel began following him again.
They walked in silence once more, walked through fields of chest-high grass.  The sun shone down on them from its place in the pastel blue sky, the sounds of the world surrounded them; the rustle of wind, the constant hum of crickets; the awkward silence of two people who can’t quite figure out what to say next.  
Gel found himself wondering what he should say.  Should he be angry with Dan’r, for not knowing who it was that attacked and destroyed his village?  Or should he be happy, happy for the chance that his parents were still alive?
He was mulling his feelings over in his head when Dan’r spoke again.
‘I’m not from here, you know.’  He said, continuing to walk.  It seemed he didn’t believe in breaks of any kind.
‘What do you mean?’ Gel asked.
‘This land of yours.  Dohm, you call it.  I’m not from here.  I come from a land called Alta, far, far to the East.  I was on a ship, years and years ago.  I was swept off the side, woke here.’
‘It doesn’t matter if you believe me or not, but…where I come from, what you call magic is, not exactly common, but it exists.  It’s how I made that lute.’ 
‘Show me.  No, teach me.’
‘Look, Gel, it’s…not something that can be taught.  What you call magic, I call Art.  It’s…it’s paintings, sculpture, beautiful music, powerful words…’
‘I play music!  Why can’t I make things?’
‘It doesn’t work that way.  Music changes things, it doesn’t make them.  Only Art can create things.’
‘So you can’t teach me?’
‘No, I can’t.  Not Art anyway.’
‘Oh.’ 

***

After the revelation that Dan’r couldn’t teach him magic, the boy had barely spoken.  Dan’r could have told him more; could have told him so much more, but…
not yet.
The boy was young yet, and without a watcher…no, Dan’r couldn’t risk him yet.  
Dan’r created a campfire, pulled food and drink, from paper in his cloak.  He thought the boy might be impressed.  And each time Dan’r made something, it seemed like he was, for a few moments at least.  But then the realization that he couldn’t do the same sunk into him.  Somehow Dan’r’s best efforts were just making the boy more depressed.
‘Why don’t you play something?’ Dan’r said, breaking the silence that had reigned throughout the pairs’ dinner, interrupted only by the crackling of the wood in the campfire as it slowly burnt itself down.
Gel looked down at the lute at his side.  He hadn’t picked it up again since tuning it upon receiving it, hours ago.  
‘What do you want me to play?’ he asked, picking up the lute gently by the neck, cradling it on one leg.  
‘Why not play something warm?  Might be cold tonight.  Might as well have something warm before sleep.’
‘Warm…I could do…’ Gel thought about it.  He could do any of Heineths marches, but while warm, those were also stuffy; stiff.  None of the ballads he knew fit warm either.  They would either feel too soft, or too harsh.  Warm, yes.  Comfortable?  No.  
‘I can do warm’ Gel said to himself, and began to pick at the strings of his lute.  
He started slow, but it was a measured slowness.  Each string picked smoothly, with intent clear.  He allowed each note to sound fully before moving to the next.  It was a slow start, a start sounding like what it felt to sit at night in front of a slowly waning fire, wishing the fire were larger.  
Then Gel began to play faster, more intricately.  It was not a swift rush over the strings; that would feel more like the insistent warmth of a too-hot summer day, the sun beating down, every action fraught with exhaustion and the dream of a cool dark room.  
No, what Gel played was a smooth rush of notes, each phrase always ending higher, and always even; measured.  It evoked, for him at least, lying in bed on a Sunday, covered in blankets.  It suggested warm tea, and a chair pulled close to a fireplace.  
Gel noticed something strange as he played though.  His right hand with its missing fingers…it felt better to play with than ever it had whole.  In all his lessons, Gel had been taught to pick with all four fingers.  Now that he was down to one full finger, one part finger, and a thumb…it felt more natural.  It should have been harder to play; should have been almost impossible.  But it was easier, better.  
Gel lost himself in his music.  It had been days since he’d last played, and finally being able to play again was what he needed.  As he played, Dan’r sketched something, but the intermittent scratchings of charcoal on parchment were lost in the sea of notes coming from the lute.  Gel didn’t notice.  
When he finally finished, Dan’r looked up his drawing.  
‘Go to sleep Gel.  We start moving again early in the morning.’
And Gel was comfortable enough that he simply nodded, put his lute beside him on the ground, lay down, and slept.  


Meeting

I

When she finally woke, Erris’ world was filled with confusion; with pain; and with fear.
The confusion was temporary.  Questions like where she was, what had happened; these questions were answered quickly as memories of the night before surfaced, as awareness of the world around her came slowly into focus.  She was tied to Marmot, who was still walking, the old wagon still trailing noisily behind, the left wheel now squeaking every turn or so.  What had happened?  She had lost everything; her brothers, her sisters, her parents; everything.  Her home too, likely.  Lost as she was, she had no idea which direction it was.
With the abatement of the confusion came the pain.  Pain from the loss, keen and sharp, hurt more than her bleeding wrists or bruised thighs.  Her wrists were rubbed red and raw from the ropes that bound them, her thighs turned blue from a night of riding.  She may not remember the ride, but the pain was real enough.  The two pains combined; the physical and the mental, were too much together.  As soon as she started thinking of them, as soon as she realized they existed, she locked them away, forced herself to forget them, forced the tears she felt were coming to quiet, winced and blinked those already there away.
And that’s when the fear materialized.  Fear of being lost, alone, hungry, and practically naked.  Fear of being young, and having nowhere to go, and no-one to turn to.  The fear was even more paralytic than the pain.  Through the confusion and the pain, Erris sat up; not tall, but at least up.  Eyes closed, breathing deeply, she dealt with her confusion and locked away her pain.  With the arrival of the fear though, she sobbed once, almost a surprised gasp, escaping the prison-like confines of her chest when she least expected.  
And then her back was bowed, her face buried in Marmot’s mane, and more sobs came.  They were a tidal wave of choking coughs that forced themselves to the wall, crawled through, tumbling over each other, eventually petering out. 
The fear, and the tears that came with it, lasted a while, and all that while Marmot kept up his slow, plodding pace along the heavily-packed dirt road.  
Eventually, when Erris was finally able to straighten herself, to overcome the crippling fear that had overwhelmed her, she set to work.
‘I am alone’, she thought to herself as she stopped Marmot, wrapping her hands around the rope that bound her wrists together and pulling to bring the horse to a stop.  ‘I am alone, but I am still alive.  I’ll get out of this, get myself free, and then…and then…’.  Panic hit Erris briefly, but she shook her head and shrugged her shoulders, throwing the panic into the dark depths of forgotten memory and locking it there with her pain and fear.  ‘One thing at a time,’ she thought.  Then she started biting at the ropes that bound her.  
Time is a problem, in that it travels much like a river.  It moves always in the same direction, but it twists and turns, it moves swiftly in the deeps and crawls by the bank.  As a river moves, so does time.  It twists and turns, sometimes passing a person by before they can notice it, sometimes taking an eternity and going nowhere.  
Erris felt as if it took her hours to twist, bite, and gnaw at the tight ropes before she managed to slip her wrists free, but really her freedom cost her no more than a half hour.  That half-hour of twisting, pinching, and biting pain was met by a few scant seconds of cool relief when she slipped her hands forcefully from their bonds, and then the sharp, throbbing pain of skin rubbed raw was back.  How she wished that the pain had lasted seconds and the bliss of relief hours.
But it hadn’t, and only time would bring further relief.
Finally free of her bonds, Erris moved a leg up and over Marmot’s back, slid down till her feet touched the hot dirt road, let go of Marmot, and immediately collapsed.  She wasn’t in pain, or maybe she was and had just chosen to ignore it, but her bruised legs wouldn’t hold her up.  They were cramped, knotted, trembling.  
Determined, she rubbed at her legs till feeling returned, stood using the side of the wagon as support, and began to slowly take stock of her situation.  There was a blanket in the back of the wagon, the one that her brother and sister had been under earlier.  She grabbed it, wrapped it around herself, for modesty as much as warmth.
She was lost, yes; she was alone, yes.  But she did have some things going for her.  She had Marmot and the wagon, even if the wagon was empty of all but the collection of books the old man had given her what seemed like such a long time ago.  She also had the soldier’s sword, which still hung slung on Marmot’s pommel from…earlier. 
All this meant that her priorities would be water, food, and clothing, in that order.  Which meant she needed to find a farm, a village, even a cottage, and…well, she could worry about how to get what she needed when she found somewhere to get them from.  Maybe she could sell or trade the sword, or the wagon.  The books and Marmot…She would never let them go.
‘Till then, she would continue in the same direction Marmot had been plodding for Ragn knew how many hours.  If she went far enough, she was bound to find something, someone, eventually.  
It was largely stubbornness that helped her reach her decision; her stubborn decision that she wouldn’t give in, wouldn’t collapse.  That and the strict denial of any memory of what had happened to her, to her family.  Erris wouldn’t think of it.  Not now, hopefully not ever.
With her course of action decided, Erris pulled herself onto the wagon seat, groaning slightly as she sat down, and pushed Marmot into a walk.  The soldiers’ sword now hung at the left side of the wagon, easily reachable, and from the sack of books that she had on her right, she picked up the first title that came into reach.  
She might be travelling for a while.  She might as well see how many of the books she could devour before she had to put them down, before she must return to reality and solve more pressing problems.  

***

The next morning, Gel woke to Dan’r, frying up sausages on a newly-stoked fire.  It was early, the sun just beginning to slowly find its way over the hills on the horizon.  It meandered its slow, lethargic way into the sky, and Gel thought he might like to someday play a song for the Sun as it rose.  It would be ponderous, waddling, and deliberate, but also light and airy.  It would start slowly, a false crescendo that sang of the false dawn before calming again, and then, with light, quick notes, the Sun would peek its way over the horizon and rise.  Maybe he could do one for the sunset as well.  And maybe noon. 
In fact, he could do an entire series, movements of the sun and moon.  The sun would be more energetic, and then pieces on the moon could be calm, quiet; peaceful.  
The more Gel thought about it, the more an entire concerto devoted to the Heavens intrigued him.  Movements for the Sun and the Moon, and the stars, maybe even the planets and the seasons.  
As such, Gel was distracted, chewing half-heartedly at a link of sausage as juices dribbled slowly down his chin.  He was humming what would be the beginning of the first movement to himself while reaching to wipe off the sausage grease when Dan’r spoke.  
‘I’m an Artist.  I draw things; and when I want to, I can turn those drawings into reality.  You’re a Musician.  Someday when you play, you’ll be able to change the weather, and change people’s feelings.  As an Artist, I create.  As a Musician, you change.  There are also Writers, who control, but we don’t need to get into them right now.’
Dan’r was seated across from Gel while he spoke, once again drawing something in charcoal on a sheet of paper.  He rarely looked at Gel when he spoke.
‘For whatever reason, here, on this continent, I have yet to hear of anyone with any of these Arts.  You’re the first.  Where I come from, there are hundreds at any time.  I may seem powerful to you, but…well…I’m only a middling Artist.  The size and complexity of my creations are not terribly impressive.  But I can still create.’
Gel sat and watched silently as Dan’r continued his explanation, occasionally pausing his speech to rub at his charcoal with a thumb, or sharpen the edge.  The entire dialogue was awkward, stilted, just as all Dan’r’s interactions had been.  Gel was no better, but it felt like anytime he spoke with Dan’r, he was speaking with someone who had never really spoken to anyone before, or at least hadn’t in a very long time.
‘Where I come from, every child is tested.  On their 16th birthday, a Watcher shows up and tests the child in all three disciplines.  Normally they do entire villages at a time, for simplicity’s sake, but…if a child passes any of the tests, they are assigned a permanent Watcher, and sent to one of the schools.  The Watchers stay with them, until they die, making sure they don’t misuse their gift.’
‘Where’s your Watcher?’ Gel cut in.
‘I don’t know,’ Dan’r said, taking a moment to think, to remember.  Gel thought he saw a pained glimmer cross through Dan’r’s eyes, but it was gone before he could be sure.  ‘He jumped after me years ago, into the ocean.  I never saw him again.  That doesn’t matter though.  What is important is that the Watchers exist to make sure we don’t abuse the powers we have.  You don’t have one.  So I’m going to do it instead.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean I’m going to watch you, to make sure you don’t do anything…stupid.  I’m also going to try to teach you.’
‘What are you going to teach me?  I thought you said you couldn’t teach me to play.’
‘And I can’t.  But I can teach you some of the basics, and anything else I think you should know.  Starting with this’ Dan’r said, pushing one hand behind him to stand and shaking out the piece of parchment he had been working on.  
Gel tried to pay attention again as Dan’r threw the parchment to the ground at his feet with a wide, sweeping gesture, but once again the air shimmered and Gel found he couldn’t focus.  When the shimmering stopped, Gel saw an assortment of weapons lying on the ground at Dan’r’s feet. 
He also saw Dan’r breathing heavily, his chest heaving in and out, and his hands on his knees as if to hold himself up.  
‘That’s…about as many as I can do at a time’ Dan’r said as he straightened, and shook out his hands.  
On the ground Gel saw two light leather bucklers and two wooden practice swords.  
‘You’re going to teach me how to fight?’ he asked excitedly. 
‘We’ll practice for a few hours each morning’ Dan’r said, bending down to pick up a sword and shield, ‘If you want revenge so badly, you’ll have to learn how to take it.’
Gel hurried over to the weapons while Dan’r strapped a buckler to his left arm and twirled the wooden sword once or twice, to get the feel of it.
Eager, Gel strapped the second buckler to his left arm, picked up the second wooden sword, and frowned as it shifted in his grip.  He swung it down through the air once, experimentally, and it was all he could do to keep a hold.  With his missing fingers…

***

‘I don’t know if I can…’ Gel started, looking angrily at his mangled hand.  
‘Look, we’ll start slow.  Just do what you can.  I’m going to attack you now, just…try to protect yourself.’  Dan’r said as he advanced slowly, his sword hand raised high above his head.  
He swung, slowly, arcing the sword down from right to left towards Gel, who lifted his left arm with the buckler and awkwardly fended off the strike.  
‘Good’ Dan’r said as he brought his sword back up, making a slow, low cut at Gel’s midsection.  Gel twisted awkwardly and parried the second strike with his buckler as well.  
‘Right, try to hit me now,’ Dan’r said after Gel parried three more slow strikes with his buckler.  
‘I can’t!’  Gel said, angrily, ‘I can’t hold the stupid sword.’
‘At least try once before you give up’ Dan’r said, taking a low stance with his buckler held forward.  ‘Just swing.’
‘Fine’ Gel said, frustrated, as he swung at Dan’r’s buckler.  The wooden sword felt awkward, heavy, in Gel’s hand, and as soon as it struck Dan’r’s leather buckler, Gel lost his grip again.  
‘See?’ Gel yelled angrily, turning and kicking at the sword as it fell to the ground, ‘I can’t do anything!’
‘Calm down, Gel, just…let me think for a minute.’
‘I’m not going to calm down!  I can’t even swing a sword.  I’m useless now!’ Gel yelled again, tearing the buckler from his arm and throwing it away from the small camp.  
‘Gel, just…pack the bags, and get ready to leave.  I’ve got an idea’ Dan’r said, sitting himself down and starting to sketch again.  
Gel muttered, but with little choice, he did as he was told.  It didn’t take him long to pack up the small camp, as neither he nor Dan’r had much in the way of possessions.  Still, by the time Gel finished packing and turned to Dan’r, Dan’r was standing, shaking out a piece of parchment in front of him, the air around his hands shimmering.  
Gel stood, staring, wondering what would appear this time.  It was strange, each time, watching something appear out of nowhere.  It didn’t make sense.  Still, Gel shook his head, furrowed his eyes and forehead as he tried to make out something, anything, through the shimmering air around Dan’r’s hands.  His head started to hurt, and he blinked quickly to try to dispel the pain, and then there was Dan’r, standing with a bow and a quiver of arrows in his hands.  
‘Okay, you’re right,’ Dan’r started, ‘you might not be able to fight with a sword.  Still, no reason we can’t teach you to shoot.’ Dan’r said, holding the bow and quiver towards Gel.  
Gel looked at the bow for a second, then shrugged and walked to grab it.  Dan’r might be right.  Gel couldn’t think of a reason he couldn’t use a bow.  

***

They walked all day, with a break at noon.  While they walked, Dan’r talked about life in Alta; about magic, about the different countries, about how different Dohm was, and his ideas on why that must be.  About how the church of Ragn stifled, limited creativity, limited art, just like the Ghastians did at home.  About how wrong it was.
Gel, for the most part, ignored him.  As they walked, he practiced with his new bow.  He would stop, take aim, and launch an arrow a few dozen paces ahead, watching the curve of the arrow as it flew.  He had wondered why the arrow wobbled in midair, but Dan’r hadn’t known.  Gel would then catch up with Dan’r, and they would walk in the direction of his shot, where he would search frantically for the arrow.  He only lost three the first day.
It was simple, but still fun somehow.  He only needed three fingers to draw back the bow, and his fingers were already calloused from years of playing lute, so they didn’t even hurt much. 
That night when they made camp, Gel played again, this time keeping the notes tight and fierce, close together, and fast.  He was trying to race the fire that Dan’r had started.  Or he was trying to feed it, to make it grow larger, Gel wasn’t entirely sure.  He liked the tune though; liked how the base was the same always, but the rest of the song shifted and changed seemingly at random, starting and stopping like the tongues of flame the fire sent out; reaching out to the sky, seeing how far, how free they could get, before swiftly dissipating back into the white center of the fire.   
The notes that drifted through the dark finally stopped when Gel put down his lute, echoing only briefly through the night before disappearing entirely.  But in Gel’s head as he lay down to sleep…the notes continued.  Those notes, and many others.  Ideas of what he could compose on; on the winds and the seasons, the heavens and the elements; they haunted his sleep like good dreams, and then just like dreams, they disappeared when he awoke the next morning.  The notes, the timing and the phrasing, the very construction of the songs he had woven in the dark just before sleep, they all disappeared with the dawn.  But just like dreams, they left him a feeling, a vague memory of what the songs should sound like.  
Gel promised himself on waking that soon he would write them down; soon he would make the ideas in his head real.

***

Gel had just let another arrow loose into the sky, watching as its wobbly parabola drew it in a dark line across the blue, sunny sky.  
‘Where does it come from?’ he asked as the arrow lazily reached the apex of its flight, watched as it slowly decided to come back down to earth.  
They had been walking all morning in silence.  Dan’r had been able to make a bow, but had no insights on how to use one, so Gel was left to his own experimenting.  And Dan’r was left to his own musings.  He had been walking along, seemingly lost in how bright and, well, beautiful, the day was, when Gel’s question snapped him out of his peaceful reverie.
‘What?’ he asked, shaking his head briefly, drawing Gel’s question up from half heard memory, ‘where does what come from?  Gravity?’ he guessed, watching as another of Gel’s arrows sped towards the ground.  
‘No, magic; well, gravity too, but…magic.  Where does it come from?’ Gel’s gaze was fixed on where his arrow had fallen, and he didn’t look in Dan’r’s direction as he responded.  He had lost a few arrows already that morning, and was determined to not lose anymore.  
‘Oh.  I….I don’t know.’ Dan’r answered, rubbing his hand through his hair, as if that might help him gain previously unknown insight.  ‘I mean, there are theories and stories in Alta, but…I never really listened to them.  It just always has been.  It’s there, and some people can do it and most others can’t.  What more needs to be known?’  
Gel stopped briefly and plucked the arrow from where it had skewered the ground as Dan’r fought with his brain to find more words.
‘Until recently, I couldn’t even, well, couldn’t do Art.  Not all the time anyway.  I mean I could, but sometimes when I would try, nothing would happen.’
‘But why?’
‘Do you answer everything with another question?’
‘Only if my first question isn’t answered’ Gel replied glibly as he drew another shaft as far back as he could and released the arrow into the sky.  Sometimes the bow-string slapped back against Gel’s left arm, and it stung, but Gel was learning to hold the bow at an angle, with a slight bend in his left elbow.  It made his shots less powerful, but also less painful.  He wondered absently in the space between his question and Dan’r’s answer if he could make some kind of guard for his arm, so he could use his full power.
‘Well, it’s happened other times too, but…if I’m drunk, and I draw badly, then…then nothing happens.  It’s easier to make small things; the bow wasn’t very hard.  But, say, a fireball, or food, or drink, those are a bit harder to make…ironic that I can’t be drunk if I want to make myself alcohol.  Unfortunate too.’
‘So you have no idea why magic happens?’
‘Well…’ Dan’r said, rubbing his head again as Gel smirked.  
‘Doesn’t matter, boy,’ Dan’r said, grinning as he did so Gel would know he meant no offense.  ‘Best stop firing those arrows around though.  We should be getting close to Ehyet.  Wouldn’t want to skewer some unfortunate farmer.’
‘You just don’t want to make me anymore’ Gel shrugged mockingly, and put away his bow while looking for the last arrow he’d fired, his spirit somewhat dampened.  He wasn’t sure he wanted to see anyone else.  Dan’r was one thing, at least he was now, but…how would he deal with a village going about its business, everyone alive, and happy.
The day suddenly didn’t seem nearly as beautiful as it once had.

***

The constant jostling and steady squeak of the wagon, the heat of the sun beating down, the birds and small wildlife that darted through the tall grass on either side of the road, all the sounds that made up the day, they all disappeared when Erris started to read.  They were still there, somewhere, and maybe in the very back of her mind she knew she was hearing something, knew she was sitting on a wagon, rolling slowly down a lonely dirt road, lost, and going who knew where.  But in the foreground, all she knew was that she had a book to read.
It had always been that way.  Even at home, before…before everything…she would disappear, would hide somewhere reading, without noticing her parents or siblings calling her, or the time of the day, or the weather.  She wouldn’t notice until she fell asleep reading, or until someone came and wrestled whatever world she had dived into from her hands.
And that happened with dry historical treatises, religious texts, and childish fantasies alike.  Every book she cracked back the spine on, every word of every line she read, they were new worlds, worlds where the flora, the fauna, the earth and the sky, where everything was carved in the black and white majesty of the printed word.  
Now, for example, now she was reading something truly interesting.  She had never encountered a book like it before, and the small, distant part of her that noticed things like time and birds and hunger and thirst, that tiny part felt a small pang of disappointment that the old man had kept it from her for so long.  It was a small book, one of the too-tiny collection the old man had given her, had told her to keep hidden.  
The book was not a story, or a historical account, or a religious or educational treatise; it was not normal.  It was a group of essays, with thoughts and opinions laid out right on the page, rather than hidden behind allegory and innuendo.
The first of the essays she read through did have a religious spin on it.  It talked of the shift in power in the church, the steady rise of the military arm of Ragn, and the downsides that came with it.  More military meant more soldiers, which meant fewer youths learning trades or helping on farms, more weapons meant less funding for communities, less money going to rural churches.  It didn’t go quite as far as saying the church was a problem, but it suggested it strongly.
The essay also noted how, as the Churches military increased, so too did its more aggressive policies; the war against Riin to the south, against Heyle to the north…even the alternating, manipulative supports of Dhome and Dheme, forcing them to fight against each other more and more frequently.  
As boring as the subject seemed, Erris had never read anything like it.  Directly criticizing the Church?  If you criticized the church, you criticized Ragn, as the church was his arm on earth.  Wasn’t it?  Wasn’t it blasphemy?  
But if it was, why couldn’t she stop reading?
Still, the essay had brought up good points.  Erris found herself turning the pages quickly, wondering with each turn what new ideas might be set free.  
As it was, Erris barely noticed when the sound from Marmot’s hooves changed from the soft clod of horseshoe on dirt, to the sharp, staccato ring of metal on stone.  
It wasn’t until a voice somewhere in front of her yelled ‘Halt!’, that she even realized her surroundings had changed.  Looking up, she saw the entrance to a small village; tall, narrow houses with smokestacks, ringed by a low wall, the road through barricaded with boxes and barrels and other objects, guarded by two men in uniform.  
The men wore red church uniforms, and had long rifles slung over their shoulders, swords belted at their hips.  One of them was climbing over the barricade in the road, while the other pointed at her and yelled.
‘Halt!  Stop!  Stop or we’ll be forced to shoot!’
Erris froze.

II

The town ahead of them was small, judging by the rooftops that were visible.  Maybe…maybe fifty houses, Gel thought; smaller than home had been anyway, before it burnt to the ground.  Still, it looked much the same.  Just outside of the town, the dirt road he and Dan’r had been walking along had changed to large cobblestones, worn and rounded from decades of travelers walking over them.  They had left the road then, where it turned to cobblestone, and had headed for the town through the rolling grass hills that surrounded it, the rooftops slowly rising out of the distance, forming houses.
The houses too reminded Gel of home; tall, narrow houses, with narrow windows and steep, tiled roofs; silent smokestacks all in a line on either side of the road.  Around the city was a low, four foot wall made of stacked stones.  It wouldn’t stop runaway sheep, much less raiders on horseback, but it was still there.  Gel supposed the town was far enough away from any border to feel the need for a real wall.  
‘It looks like home’ Gel said as they reached the wall to the north of the town.  Dan’r ducked low behind it, and Gel followed suit.  
‘Why are we hiding?” Gel asked, just as Dan’r motioned for Gel to get down, put two fingers to his lips for quiet.
‘Stay here, I’m going to look around’ Dan’r said quietly, then he jumped the low wall, and disappeared amongst the houses.
Gel turned and sat with his back against the cool wall, instantly frustrated at being left behind.

***

Dan’r had vague memories of passing by the town earlier; vague, drunken memories of barricades, and villagers threatening him, turning him away.  The memories were hazy, seen through a mist of exhaustion and alcohol that took an unseemly amount of concentration to overcome, but they were still there.  It was like trying to make out objects in a pitch black room.  With enough concentration and effort, you’d eventually see outlines.  But it would take a while.
‘Stay here, I’m going to look around’ Dan’r said quietly to Gel as he slipped over the low wall and into the village.  He had avoided the road near the village on purpose; it wouldn’t do to be threatened at gunpoint again.  
The village had one main road to the south, branching into two smaller roads to the North, each surrounded by houses on both sides.  Alleyways cut in between the houses by the roads, leading to larger houses near the outskirts of the town.  The village would have started as a rest stop along the road, maybe a single inn.  It had grown over the years, and as it grew, as more houses were added along the outskirts, the alleys grew as well, dark and twisted.
The village was still small enough that most of the houses had little gardens in front of them; small enough that the alleyways were clean of the filth and detritus that so litter the side streets and by-ways of larger cities, and it was along one of these alleys that Dan’r now slunk, occasionally looking through windows of houses on the way.
The alley in which he found himself was clean, yes, but it was also empty., as were the houses.  Empty of people at least.  Looking through one set of large, glazed windows, he saw a dinner table, its places all set, as if waiting.
The problem was the silence.  Normally in a village, even one so small, there would be noise at all times of the day.  A cart trundling through, housewives gossiping in front of their homes, children running through the streets, something.  Here though, the sun was high in the sky, and the village was silent.  
Mostly silent, anyway.
The one bit of noise he could hear came from what must be the center of the town, and it was in that direction that he gravitated.  He moved slowly, crouched, one of his arms and most of his back against the left wall of the alley.  
Even moving slow, and crouched, it only took him a few minutes to reach the alleyway entrance, to look cautiously out into the sun basked circle beyond.

***

Gel was bored.  
He’d been sitting there a good five…maybe ten, maybe even twenty minutes.  He wasn’t sure anymore.  All he knew was he’d been sitting there entirely too long.  The wall behind him wasn’t even cool anymore.  
He put both his hands on the wall , and pushed himself up to a crouch, and turned.  Looking over the low wall and into the village beyond, Gel could see…well, nothing.  No Dan’r, no other people, nothing but houses.  
Gel smiled, then jumped at the wall, putting his left hand on top of it then rolling himself over, landing crouched, one knee bent and one straight, with his left hand on the ground and his right steadying his quiver of arrows, just like he imagined a hunter or hero might.  
‘I look cool’ Gel thought to himself as he set off to the right, following the wall.  He’d skirt around, avoid the direction Dan’r went, take a look at the village, and then get back before Dan’r noticed him gone.  It was a perfect plan. 
Gel moved quickly and relatively quietly from house to house until he reached the entrance to the north west of the town, a torn-down barricade leaving the road open, then followed the road in, moving quickly in the shadows from house to house along the road as he went.  
As soon as he reached the road, he saw that there was a commotion ahead; a wagon in the road, someone standing atop it, and a dozen or so red uniformed Church soldiers.  
Gel moved closer ‘till he could make out what was being said.

***

They had dragged her and the wagon into the town, taken the blanket from her, and now Erris sat, watching as the soldiers milled around her, laughing and nudging each other; watching as one red-faced sergeant grew more and more angry as he tried to hold himself back from yelling.
‘Tell me again, where did you get the wagon?’ the sergeant said, grinding his teeth and flexing his hands at his sides, his frustration rising.
‘It’s my family’s’ Erris said, again.  She’d made excuses at the gate, before being brought in.  The soldiers at the gate had taken her to the Sergeant, who was turning redder by the second, and he had sent for a Legnar, who had yet to show up.
‘And where are they?’
‘Gone’ Erris replied, stomping quickly down on memories that tried to well up out of the dark recesses of her mind.
‘Gone where?’ the Sergeant asked, breathing deeply in an effort to vent his frustration.
Erris stayed silent.  
‘And where did you get the books?’ he asked, kicking the bag the soldiers had taken from her, ‘and the sword?’  The bag and the sword lay on the ground where the sergeant had dropped them as he began his interrogation. 
Erris stayed silent.
‘Look, kid, if you don’t start giving me some answers soon, I’ll have to arrest you,’ the Sergeant said, eager to get on with more important tasks, ‘I’ve got more important things to do.  I’ve got towns to evacuate, and people left to save, and I’m not going to let one brat delay me.  Either tell me where all this came from, where you came from, or I’ll have you declared a rebel, and get you carted off to the stocks.’
Erris was looking at her feet.  They were bare still; she was still in her shift.  It should have embarrassed her; the sergeant’s angry words and his threats should have frightened her, but she didn’t really care.  Instead, she found herself wondering…’if they arrest me…will they feed me?  Give me clothes, or a bath?  Maybe it would be better that way…’
She was still looking at her feet, her head tilted to one side, when the Sergeant’s tone changed completely. 
‘Ah, Legnar, she hasn’t said anything more yet.  I think we should arrest her, send her off, and be done with it.’ 
‘Thank you Sergeant, I’ll ask her some questions myself before we do anything’ a new voice said.  Erris’ head started up as soon as she heard it. 
Standing there in his uniform, Legnar’s epaulets and golden buttons gleaming, burnished steel sword hanging at his side, was her brother.  He had grown a large beard since she saw him last, but still…
‘Dom’, she muttered under her breath, her eyes wide in surprise.
‘Hello, little sister’ Dom said, smiling benevolently.  ‘What have you gotten yourself into?’
‘They’re all dead, Dom.  Mother, father, they’re…they’re all gone.’ Erris could feel tears come unbidden to her eyes.  
‘What…?’ Dom asked, the rest of the question silent.
‘The…the soldiers.  They attacked us, and…’
‘Ah’ Dom said, smiling sadly as he shook his head.  ‘That’s too bad.’
Erris looked up in sharp surprise as one of the soldiers let out a stifled laugh.
‘That’s really too bad, little bird,’ Dom continued, bending down and picking up the sword, and the bag of books, that lay on the ground, ‘but we have more pressing matters at hand.  Where did these come from, sister?’
Erris was crying now, tears flowing down her face.  She had held out for so long, and now her brother was here, and he didn’t care?  Her face widened in shock and confusion even as she cried.  She could remember him being aloof, distant, but this was too much.
‘This,’ Dom said, hefting the sword, ‘this is clearly an officer’s sword’ he said, looking at the sword in his hand.  ‘And I think you’re no officer’ he continued, handing the sword back behind him to the Sergeant.  
Erris heard more laughter from the soldiers.
‘And this?’ Dom continued, reaching into the bag and pulling out a book.  ‘Where did these come from?’
Dom looked at the book in his hand, flipped it open nonchalantly.  
‘Banned.’ He said, throwing the book into the air over his shoulder, the books binding stretching and its pages flapping wildly as it flew.  Erris heard herself whimper as the book landed, its pages bending and tearing under the weight of the toss.  
Dom reached into the bag again. 
‘Banned.’
‘Banned.’
‘Banned.’
Each time, a book flew over his shoulder to land unceremoniously, painfully, on the grey cobblestones of the street.
‘We clearly have a problem here, sister,’ Dom said as he stepped closer to her.  
She was still sitting on the wagon as Dom stepped closer, his head level with her shoulders, and she wasn’t sure if her legs would be able to support her if she tried to stand.
‘You show up here unclothed, in a stolen wagon, with a stolen Church sword, and a bag full of banned books.  What am I supposed to do, sister dear?  I don’t really want to have to take you in for questioning, little bird, I’m sure you understand that.’ Soldiers laughed again as Dom continued.  ‘Like I said, I’m sure you understand, but unless you can explain, I’m not sure…’
‘Why are you doing this!’ Erris yelled at him, leaning forward in her seat, her hands clenched into fists on her knees.
Dom leaned his head to one side, one eyebrow raised.  
Then his right arm lashed out, and he landed an open-palmed slap to Erris’ left cheek that sent her sprawling across the wagon’s seat, her hand flying to her face in shock.
‘I don’t like being interrupted, little bird,’ Dom said angrily as he stepped forward and grabbed her wrist, pulling her back towards the edge of the wagon.  He pulled her down to his eye level, and loomed. 
‘Now, what are we going to do with you?’  he asked, any sign of a smile on his face gone, and only religious fervor burning in his eyes.
The soldiers behind him laughed again.

***

Gel had crept close enough to make out more or less what was going on now.  The wagon in the street was surrounded by soldiers, maybe ten, maybe twelve of them, and it looked like there was a girl sitting on it, her back facing him.  The girl was talking with one of the soldiers it looked like, the rest of them laughing occasionally, but none of that mattered to Gel.  
He stopped creeping, stood and walked open-mouthed towards the wagon, towards the soldier talking to the girl, and he remembered.  
In through the doorway stepped a large, bearded man, who laughed as the fire from outside glittered madly off his eyes.  He was wearing a large, gold buttoned red coat, and his large red beard seemed as wild and uncontrollable as the fire from Gel’s dreams.  He grinned as he saw Gel abed and walked towards him, sword arm rising as he came.  Each step he took, each time his thick boots hit the wooden floor of Gel’s room, sounded like a peal of a large clock, ringing out the time to Gel’s doom.  The man’s footsteps were the sound of death approaching, the grinning man, with his fiery red beard, death himself.
Still half lying under covers, Gel could only get his right arm free as the man reached the right side of his bed and swung his sword.  Gel tried to protect himself, tried to grab the sword, to do anything, but there was nothing Gel could do as the man’s sword swung inwards towards his head.
The last thing Gel saw through his splayed fingers, raised on instinct in a vain effort to protect himself, was firelight glinting off the metal blade as it angled towards his head.
It was him.  The man who had taken his parents, his village, his fingers, and his life from him.  He was standing right in front of him, not thirty paces away.  Standing there, with the same giant beard, the same gold-buttoned red coat, the same sword at his hip.
Gel snarled without noticing it, his face a rictus of anger; hatred.
His right hand was snaking for his quiver, reaching for an arrow, as the girl leaned forward and yelled.  
‘Why are you doing this!’ Gel half-heard.
His left hand pulled the bow from around his shoulder, held it tight, as the bearded man slapped the girl.  
As the man grabbed her wrist, pulled her closer, Gel knocked the arrow.  The bearded man said something, and the soldiers around him laughed, as Gel drew the fletching to his cheek.  
‘Die!’ he yelled as he released, and time seemed to slow.
He watched as the arrow left his fingers, the bowstring snapping forward and backwards as the arrow flew forward.
He watched as the arrow shifted up and down like…well…like nothing he could explain.  The church soldiers looked to him as the arrow flew; the bearded soldier started to turn towards him, first his head, then his shoulders, then the rest of him, turning slowly to face Gel, to face his anger and hatred, as his death sped towards him.
The bearded soldier let go of the girl, her arm dropping slowly as one of his feet moved forwards toward Gel, and the arrow was almost there.  He had turned to face Gel, to face the arrow that would avenge Gel’s parents, his village, just as the arrow reached him.
It was perfect, and an angry snarl of delight filled Gel’s face.  He could almost feel the scar over his eye burning, could feel the heat of his missing fingers.
Gel swore as he saw the bearded man twitch a smile, his eyes glancing to the side to watch the arrow miss by mere inches.  
And then it was past him, burying its steel head into the neck of another of the soldiers behind.  Blood spurted from a severed artery; cries of surprise began to ring out from the lips of the other soldiers as the man with the arrow in his neck reached up to the wound, his hands scrabbling at the arrow as he pitched backwards.
And then time was back to normal.  Gel stood, shocked into immobility for a second as the soldiers cried, grabbed at their falling comrade, as the bearded man took a first running step towards Gel, the fire in his eyes and the grin on his face the same as the night Gel had lost everything.
Gel scrambled backwards as the bearded man came closer.  Panicking, he reached for another arrow, but his fingers were sweaty, they wouldn’t grab on.  Why wouldn’t one fall into his fingertips.  He just needed an arrow, just one arrow, he wouldn’t miss again. 
He looked back over his shoulder to grab one, his eyes guiding his unsteady hand to an arrow as he pulled it from the quiver, dropped his gaze to his lowered bow to knock the arrow, and began to draw.
He looked up to aim in time to see the bearded man reach him, watched in impotent silence as the man’s hand reached out and ripped the bow from his grasp, threw it, clattering, to the cobblestones.  The man’s right arm flashed out, grabbed Gel by the tunic, and picked him up, dangling feet off the ground, pulled Gel’s face up to his level.  
Gel could smell the man’s breath as he spoke, feel the spittle hitting him.
‘You just tried to kill me,’ the man said, grinning madly, ‘I don’t like it when people try to kill me.  
Then he turned, pivoting on his left leg, and Gel was thrown bodily through the air.  
Gel flew, weightless for a few uncomfortable, shocked instants, and hit the cobblestones hard, rolling when he did.  For a second, nothing made sense, and then there was pain everywhere.  His head, his shoulders, his knees.  And then he hit something solid, wooden.  He tried to pull himself up with it, shaking his head to try to clear it as his hands pawed for purchase. 
It was the wagon wheel.  Pulling himself up its spokes into a sitting position, breathing heavily and swaying, he felt he might throw up. 
He looked up, head spinning further, and saw three of the bearded man walking towards him, swords drawn.  There were three of him…three…and they were moving too slow…
Gel closed his eyes, tried to stop himself from spinning, tried to make the world stop swaying.
He opened them again, and the bearded man was right in front of him.
‘I remember you’ he said, as Gel’s head rolled, came back upright.
‘I think I killed you once.  I don’t normally have to kill people again.  So be it.’
Gel, mirroring the night when his town had burned, raised his right hand weakly again in a vain effort to protect himself as the bearded man raised his sword high.  
Some strange part of him in the back of his head laughed.  ‘Well, this seems ironic,’ he said to himself.  He chuckled weakly.  He knew he was about to die.
Footsteps rushed closer.  The bearded man was turning. There was something behind him; a fluttering cloak and legs were all Gel could see as he slowly slid down the wagon wheel to sit in a slump.  
The bearded man stopped in surprise, and then a thump.  Not just the sound, but the feeling; the feeling of something bursting through the air, of something giant falling to the ground.  Gel wasn’t sure what, but he felt it in his chest.
And then the bearded man flew backwards over Gel; over the wagon, and Dan’r was there, crouched, his arms thrust forward.  Two Dan’r’s were there.  Or one.  
Gel really couldn’t tell anymore.

***

Dan’r had watched in uncomfortable silence as the soldiers questioned the girl.
He had watched in stunned silence as Gel appeared from nowhere, as he shot at the bearded man.  As he missed.
Dan’r opened his cloak, took stock of what he had.  The man walked up to Gel, picked him up, and threw him.  Dan’r grabbed the slips of paper he wanted, curled them into his hands, and then crouched, setting himself firmly against the ground.  
The bearded soldier started towards Gel again, drawing his sword as he moved. 
Dan’r exploded forwards, like a sprinter leaving the starting block.  
He ran directly at the bearded soldier’s back, slid and braced himself as the soldier began to turn, and then thrust his arms forward at the man’s midsection and activated the papers in his hand.
The papers were drawings of air.  Difficult to draw, most artists wouldn’t even think of it, but…well.  When you filled a space with way too much air all of a sudden…
Dan’r braced himself against the street below him and bowed his head, but even as prepared as he was, the resulting shock shook him, made him gasp for breath.  
Looking ahead at Gel, the boy clearly couldn’t focus.  His head was bobbing up and down as he tried to stay aware of what was happening.  He must have hit his head.  
Still, Dan’r couldn’t worry about him yet.  
He stood, looked at the soldiers standing on his left, and twisted his neck to hear a crack.
‘Hi’ he said, and as if that one word was a stopper holding back an ocean of water, the soldiers jumped into motion.  There were ten of them, including the one Gel had felled.
It meant nine that he had to worry about, and Dan’r watched them all.
Four of the soldiers in the center were kneeling beside their fallen comrade, the one with the arrow in his throat.  They were futilely trying to save him.  Dan’r could ignore them for now.
The one with the beet red face, the Sergeant, and the two men closest to him, all on the right near the wagon, were drawing their swords; they would rush him, get in close.  But they were still a good twenty-five steps away.  He had at least three seconds before they mattered.
The two on the left were raising their rifles to their shoulders; they had unlimbered them when Gel killed their comrade.  They were the most ready, and the most dangerous.  He would deal with them first.
His left hand flew to a pocket on the right side of his cloak, grabbed all the papers in it, and then flung out towards the two soldiers with the rifles.  The air around his hand shimmered.   The two soldiers fired, and then there was a wall of water, two feet thick and four tall, between him and the soldiers, and the round balls from the rifle lost all their energy in the water.  
Sweat pooled on Dan’r’s brow from effort as the water came crashing to the ground, gravity relieving it of the shape it had held so briefly.  The rifle balls joined the expanding pool of water even as the smoke from the gunpowder drifted from the rifles.
The two on the left were dealt with, for now.  Shock would slow their reaction speeds, making them slower to draw their weapons.  They would likely be ready at the same time as the four that were still rising from the fallen soldier.  All six of them at once would be trouble.
'Focus, Dan'r,' he said to himself as the three soldiers from the right of the pile, with their swords drawn, reached him, 'you have bigger, sharper things to worry about.'
He jumped back as the first of the soldiers swung, flung out a ball of fire that took off the soldier's sword arm, and much of his torso.  The soldier screamed briefly before lapsing into pain induced unconsciousness.  Dan'r skipped back once more.  
The Sergeant and the other soldier were moving towards him, spreading apart, both with their swords held low, tips pointed up towards him.  They were more wary now, more determined, and the other soldiers were spreading out too, now that they had their swords out.  
Which meant the odds were eight to one.  And Dan'r was starting to get tired.  
He flicked both hands into his cloak, one on either side, and then threw them out towards the two advancing soldiers.  Both dived out of the way, certain another blast of air or fire would be coming.  Instead, Dan'r dove towards the four soldiers to the rear.  In his right hand, a knife, which he threw at the chest of the leftmost of the four.  In his left, a long, curved dagger.  
The knife was thrown true, and it sunk halfway into the left side of the soldier’s chest.  Surprise and blood bloomed in equal amounts on the soldiers face and chest as his legs lost strength and his knees hit the ground.
There had been four in that row, the leftmost was now down, and Dan'r ran for the soldier on the right.  The soldier swung his sword backhand, but Dan'r moved in close, blocked the soldiers swing with his arm, and drove the dagger through the soldier's armpit.  He took the sword from the soldier's limp hand and spun, planting it deep in the next soldier's stomach, and let go.  
He pulled the dagger from the first soldiers' chest as both fell to the ground and jumped at the third, his knees hitting the soldier's chest as he drove the dagger at an angle down into the soldiers’ neck.
As the soldier's lungs started to fill with blood, and the red liquid frothed at his lips, Dan'r's momentum from the jump carried them both to the ground, Dan'r's hands already back inside his cloak.  
The four soldiers left were hesitant now, scared.  Two of them held their swords in both hands, and the swords were visibly shaking, while the beat-red Sergeant had turned white.  Admittedly, they had just seen five of their friends killed in seconds, and in spectacular fashion.  Dan'r smiled, and tried to hide his panting as he fought for breath.
'What...what do you want?' the Sergeant finally managed to croak out, stumbling over even those few, simple, words.
Dan'r turned his head to the left, looked at the sergeant, and smiled as viciously as he could.  
'Run,' was all he said.
The three soldiers stared at Dan'r, then glanced at their Sergeant, then at each other, then dropped their swords and ran.  The Sergeant followed right behind.

***

As soon as the soldiers were out of sight, Dan’r slouched, shambled a few feet away from the bodies, and collapsed, face up, breathing deeply.  
‘That…was not…easy.’ He said, mostly to himself, as he rolled over onto his front, pushed himself up till he was standing, and slowly limped his way over to Gel, who was still swaying. 
‘Hey, hey, kid, you’re okay kid,’ he said, kneeling down, patting the boy’s shoulder, and trying to sound comforting.  His exhaustion didn’t make him any more convincing, but he doubted Gel would notice.  
‘What…what happened?’ the boy asked as he slowly started to blink and shake the dizziness away.
‘Don’t worry kid, just…just sit here, catch your breath.’
‘The bearded man...where…where is he?’ Gel stuttered, trying to stand.  
‘I’ll go look for him,’ Dan’r said as he stood again, looked over the wagon towards where he’d thrown the Legnar earlier. 
He saw him, lying against the brick wall of a home, one of his legs bent forwards at the knee.
‘Don’t worry Gel, he won’t be going anywhere for a while.’  Dan’r said.  And then he noticed the girl.
He had seen what happened to the girl earlier, but had forgotten about her in the melee that followed.  She’d just been so quiet, so unnoticeable in the chaos and violence.
Even now, she just stood there in her shift, eyes wide, making not a sound at all.  
‘Don’t worry, girl,’ he said as calmly as he could, his hands open before him in what he hoped was a soothing gesture, ‘just sit down, everything will be alright.  We won’t hurt you.’
What surprised him most was that she did just that; she sat, without a word.
‘Well...that was easier than I expected.’ He thought to himself as he turned back to Gel.

***

Dan’r was back at his shoulder again, and the world was slowly stopping its virulent turning and swaying, when Gel looked up.
The old man’s lined face and close-cropped beard startled Gel as they moved into view.  
‘How many fingers?’ Dan’r asked, holding up two.
It was two, Gel was sure.  He wasn’t seeing double anymore.  That had to be good news.
‘Two many,’ he said, smiling wryly.  Even through the joke, he hurt, and he groaned as he hauled himself slowly up from his slumped seat on the ground, using the wagon wheel at his back as leverage.
‘Good enough.  Talk to the girl, Gel.  I’ll go check on the Legnar.’ Dan’r said as he turned away.
‘He took my fingers from me; took my family from me.’
Dan’r stopped for a second, looked back at Gel, ‘I’ll find out what he knows, Gel.  Then…then we’ll see.’
Gel nodded, took a step away from the wagon as Dan’r walked off.
He was still thinking slowly, he knew.  He should be angry still, should go after the bearded man, but…Dan’r had said something about a girl.
He shook his head again as he looked up, and saw her sitting on the wagon bench.  
She was…
She was nothing like any of the girls he’d seen before.  She was…she was thin, tiny even, and tanned, She looked tall, and her arms had muscles, and…and freckles!  And she was dirty.  Images of Sheane and Mae darted into his head, prim; proper, plump…clean.  Compared to them she was; well, she wasn’t pretty.  
But then, she was still a girl, and she was in her shift…
It took Gel a minute of staring at her before he even realized he was.  There was just something about her blue eyes, all wide, and looking down at him, and the messy curled red hair, and how it framed her oval face, and her shift, and how it fell loosely over…
Gel coughed.
‘uh…umm…Hi’ he started, taking a step forward and holding out a hand.
She just stared at him, silent, unblinking. 
‘ahh…my…my name’s Gel,’ he tried again, pulling his hand back slowly.
‘Would…would you like my jacket?’ he asked, motioning to pull off his overcoat.
He breathed a sigh of relief when she nodded, and took a step back as she stood.  Her shift only came up to her mid-thigh, and his breath caught as it fluttered higher as she jumped down from the wagon bench, her knees bending slightly as her bare feet hid the cobblestone.  
She wasn’t pretty like Sheane or Mae was, but she was…she was so much more…
Gel felt his face heating up, colouring, and he turned away from her; held his jacket out behind him.  
He could have sworn he felt sparks, or something, fly when her fingers brushed his as she grabbed the jacket.

***

Erris took the jacket from the boy.  She supposed it was a nice gesture, for all that it did no good.  She watched him as she slipped the jacket over her shoulders, her hands hidden inside, holding it closed at the front.
He was…young.  Young to be scarred like that, a jagged, still red gash all across the right side of his face.  Young, yes, but still lucky to be alive; lucky to have his eye.  She was also taller than him, and found herself looking down at his curly hair.

***

Erris gave a start and coughed awkwardly; he’d turned back around, and she’d been staring at him.  His cheeks were reddening slowly, but she didn’t bother to stop.  Instead, she simply furrowed her brow, and stared further.
‘Ahh…you could say thanks or, you know, something,’ the boy said, keeping his eyes averted.
‘Do you have any food?’ Erris asked, still staring intently.  
‘I, ahh…no, I don’t have any, I…Dan’r might have some’ he said, turning away and moving quickly in the direction the old man had gone.
Erris followed him, bare feet silent on the cool cobblestone.

***

Dan’r knuckled the small of his back as he walked away from Gel, towards the bearded man he had sent flying.  He was certainly feeling better since the night with the rain, since he had stopped drinking, but he was also too old to be moving that much, and that fast; to be throwing around that much power with his Art, that quickly.  
‘No choice,’ he said to himself, rolling a shoulder, wincing as it popped and groaned back at him.  As much as they hurt now, it would likely be all he could do to move when morning came.  
He knelt as he reached the Legnar.  The bearded man was breathing haggardly and lying in a slump on his left side, his back to the wall he had hit, his right leg bent forward at the knee.  A slow trickle of blood slid down from his nose, only to get lost in the big, bushy beard he sported, and there were various other minor cuts and abrasions marking the man’s face and hands.  Dan’r grabbed the man’s jacket, hauled him to a sitting position.  
‘Right, you awake?’ he asked, exhaustion evident on his voice.  
The bearded man didn’t respond. 
‘Oy, wake up,’ he said, slapping the man once, twice, across the face.
On the third slap, the man groaned, his eyes fluttering open. 
‘Right.  Here’s the deal.  I’m going to ask you some questions, and you’re going to answer me,’ Dan’r said, leaning forward, locking eyes with the bearded man.  He saw hatred and pain in them, and what he thought might be madness.
‘And if I don’t?’ 
‘You’ve got one broken leg already.  If you don’t cooperate, I’ll break the other.  Then I’ll break your left arm, then your right.  And then I’ll leave you here.  Maybe you’ll die of thirst before the wolves show up, but I doubt it.’ Dan’r said, keeping his voice cool.
‘You’ll freeze for this.  Ragn will take away his warmth, his protection, and you will freeze for all eternity, conscious, frozen, unmoving…’ specks of blood-flecked spit started to fly as the man started to rage, his voice quickly rising till Dan’r cut him off with another backhand across the jaw.
‘Yeah, I get it.  I’ll be cold.  Now where’re the boy’s parents?’ Dan’r asked; the bearded man glared up at Dan’r, grinning.
‘That looks like it must be painful,’ Dan’r said, looking at the man’s right knee, jutting out at an impossible angle, ‘I wonder what it feels like if I move it around’ he wondered aloud calmly as he grabbed the man’s ankle and bent the knee back and forth.
The man grunted and ground his teeth; it must have hurt, but he stayed silent.  Dan’r shrugged, bent the knee back towards its normal position, then back the other direction again.
The man yelled in pain, ‘Gone!  They’re gone.’ He growled, his fists clenching in pain as Dan’r nodded and let go of his leg. 
‘Gone where?’
‘The village was sent to the Camp,’ the Legnar gasped, breathing heavily.  ‘They’ll be used to, to try to find a way to stop the Fog.’ His breathing was laboured.
‘Where’s this camp?’
‘I don’t know.  They were sent to Wraegn for processing.  It won’t matter anyway.  They’ll be thrown in long before you could ever reach them.’ He added as Dan’r reached slowly for his leg again.
‘And the Fog.  What does it do; where does it come from?’
‘I don’t know.  It came from the sea, swept down through Rege.  It just grabs people, and they disappear, and nothing we’ve done has stopped it yet.  It’s Ragn, it must be, sending punishment against us, against the unbelievers to the North.  He’s angry we haven’t eradicated them yet, we must…’
The bearded man rambled, his eyes glazing over slowly as he slid to the side down the wall, the pain overwhelming him again, throwing him back into unconsciousness.
Dan’r stood slowly, staring at nothing ahead of him as he thought madly, trying to remember small bits of ignored lessons he had been given years earlier at the Academy.  It was like trying to herd a kaleidoscope of butterflies; virtually impossible, and almost completely useless.  But there was something there, something that seemed to click.
‘Is he dead?’ Dan’r’s reverie was interrupted by Gel, standing several feet from the collapsed form lying prostrate against the wall.  
‘Not yet, Gel,’ Dan’r said, turning to the boy, seeing the anger evident on his face.
‘Good,’ Gel replied, staring at the man a moment before turning on one heel and stalking angrily toward where his bow had been thrown, mere minutes ago.
The redheaded girl had been standing behind Gel, his jacket wrapped tightly around her shoulders.  She stood staring at the man on the ground as Gel walked past her.  
‘Are you alright?’ Dan’r asked as he stepped closer to the girl.
‘That’s my brother,’ she replied without looking, nodding her head towards the unconscious man.  
‘What…what happened to you?’ Dan’r asked, glancing at Gel, who was picking his bow off the cobblestone street.
‘They’re gone,’ she replied, looking up at him, ‘my parents, my sisters…they’re all gone now,’ she looked back down at her brother, ‘he’s all I have left,’ she said with a short, wry laugh.  She looked almost haunting, standing there in her shift and Gel’s coat, one dirty hand reaching out of the coat to wipe away at the grime and tears on her cheek.  
Dan’r was shocked as he knelt; put a hand to her shoulder.  ‘It’ll be alright,’ he said, ‘come with us, and it’ll be alright.’  

***

Erris wanted to laugh in the old man’s face, as he told her it’d be alright.  It was a platitude, she knew, but it was just so…so wrong.  Of course it wouldn’t be alright.  
‘Then again,’ she thought to herself as she nodded, ‘he probably knows that too.’
With that nod, the old man was up and moving towards the wagon.  ‘There’s no time for that, Gel, get in the wagon,’ he said as he put one hand on the wagon seat and looked at the boy, already on his way back towards her brother, ‘we’re leaving.’
Erris walked away from her brother.  She couldn’t stand to look at him.  He was all she had left in the world, and he’d hit her, thrown the loss of their family in her face like it was a joke; like it was justified.  She found herself wondering why all this was happening, what she could have possibly done to make Ragn so angry at her.  As she picked up the books lying on the ground, she could hear the old man and the boy arguing about something in the background.  But her mind was elsewhere as she reached for the book of essays she had been reading on the road earlier.  
The book had blamed the church, the military, not Ragn, and if the book had, couldn’t she?  Could she blame what had happened to her on the military, on the people who had hurt her and her family?  And if she could blame them, and not Ragn, then maybe Ragn didn’t have a hand in everything.  All the lessons she had had, all the scriptures she had read, they had said that Ragn had a hand in all that happened, but what if they were wrong?
‘Girl’
Erris found herself standing in the middle of the road, book in hand, wishing she could write, wishing she could put her thoughts down on paper, line them up and organize them, have them flow and make sense like they had in all the books she’d read; all the stories they’d told.
‘Girl’
It took her a moment to break out of her reverie, to realize that someone was calling for her: the old man.  Startled, she looked at him. 
He was sitting on the front bench of the wagon, holding Marmot’s reigns.  The boy was sitting in the back, looking at her over his shoulder and glaring at her. 
‘Hop on,’ the old man said, patting the wooden bench beside him with one hand.
Erris looked at him and the boy, at Marmot, at the books in her hands.  She looked around at the village around her; the empty houses, the lifeless bodies of church soldiers lying in the street.  She looked at her brother, lying broken, battered, and unconscious in the street.  
Erris shrugged, nodded, placed her books on the bench beside the old man, and hopped up, turning to sit on the bench, the boys jacket now loose around her shoulders, and open at the front. 
The old man smiled and clucked at Marmot, ‘Lets go horsey,’ he said as he tugged on the reigns, pulling Marmot into a turn, pulling the wagon back the way Erris had come not an hour earlier. 
She was about to ask why they were headed back; where they were going; when she spotted something on the ground.  
‘Wha!’ she exclaimed wordlessly, jumping off the wagon and running to the object in the road.  She picked up the soldiers’ sword, still in its scabbard, the sword that Marmot had carried all this way; the sword that had caused so many problems, and ran back to the wagon holding it to her chest.  
She hopped back onto the wagon wordlessly as the old man clucked at Marmot again, and they set off on the road.  She didn’t know why she grabbed the sword; it should be something terrible, something that brought about horrible memories.  But somehow, it reminded her of her family, and she wasn’t going to lose that.
The three of them; Erris, the old man, and the boy, were all silent as Marmot hauled them and the cart through the barricade and out of the village.

***

Silence reigned for the first few minutes of travel.  It wasn’t until the cobblestone road changed back to hard packed dirt, ‘till Erris’ stomach reminded her she hadn’t eaten in days, that she spoke up.
‘Do you…do you have any food?’ she asked timidly.
‘There should be some in the back of the wagon with Gel,’ the old main said, pointing back over his shoulder with one thumb.  ‘There should be some bread and cheese in the canvas sack back there.  If not, let me know, and I’ll get you some.’
Erris was confused about where he would get food as they headed slowly away from the only town within hours, but said nothing as she turned and knelt, leaning over into the wagon bed to find the canvas sack the old man had pointed out. 
The bag wasn’t hard to find.  There were only two things in the back of the wagon, and it was the only one of them that was a bag.  
The other being a boy.  
Erris glanced at him out of the corner of her eye as she grabbed the bag and started to rifle through it.  It seemed full of parchments, paints and brushes, but she ended up finding and dragging out a napkin wrapped around some bread, slightly stale, and a piece of cheese.
She watched the boy, Gel she supposed, as she began to throw the bread and cheese into her mouth as quickly as she could swallow it.  
He sat with his back against one of the sides of the wagon, a lute in his arms.  He was clearly trying to do…something…with it, but she couldn’t tell what.
‘What’re you doing?’ she asked in between mouthfuls.
He looked up at her, glaring, ‘I’m trying to fix this stupid thing,’ he said, hefting the lute, ‘it broke when your brother threw me.’  The rise in his voice at the mention of her brother laid bare what he thought, laid bare his anger.
He continued glaring at her, picking idly, absently, at the lute in his lap as she swallowed another mouthful of bread.
‘How’s it broken?’ 
‘The head’s cracked,’ he said angrily, holding up the lute so she could see, ‘which means the pegs don’t stay tight, which means the strings won’t stay in tune, which means I can’t play.’  He tossed the broken instrument at the other side of the wagon, a hollow thumping note echoing from it as it landed.
Erris was going to try to apologize, or say something, when the old man spoke up, ‘Don’t worry Gel,’ he said, looking back over his shoulder, ‘I’ll draw you a new one when we stop.’
Gel crossed his arms and slouched against the side wall of the wagon as Erris turned back around and sat on the front bench again.
‘What do you mean you’ll draw one?’ 
‘You’ll see when we stop,’ he said, pulling a pipe and a box of matches out of his long jacket, striking them as Marmot continued to plod along.
Erris supposed she would have to wait till they stopped.  She had questions, sure.  Where were they going, what he meant when he said he’d draw a lute; how he had pulled fireballs out of his jacket earlier.  
  Important questions, she knew as she picked up the book of dissertations that had so distracted her earlier, brushed off its cover, and folded a few bent pages back to normal, but important questions could wait.  She had nowhere else to go anyway.


Of Endings

I

As the three unlikely companions sat around a fire that night, the setting sun slowly lighting tendrils of smoke across the darkening sky, the colours of the sky and of the fire in front of them matching eerily, one lighting up the night as the other disappeared, Dan’r drew.
Erris had waited patiently, distracted by her books during the day as they travelled, distracted by the worlds they created; the thoughts they espoused.  But now Marmot was unhitched from the wagon, grazing quietly, and the three travelers sat and watched as the old man drew.  
He was hunched over his parchment, his left hand scratching rapidly with the piece of charcoal held between his fingers, his brow furrowed and his eyes squinting as the last of the daylight slowly disappeared.  His vision depended more and more on the fitful, flickering firelight.  Both the old man and the boy had been recalcitrant about what he was going to draw; about why it would matter, and Erris found herself curious.  
The boy, he lounged on Erris’ right.  His feet were stretched towards the flames; ‘His shoes will burn,’ she thought, though she said nothing.  It wasn’t her place.  Besides, stretched out like that, his arms angled behind him, forming a triangle with his back and the ground; his head bent back, staring at the sky; he looked peaceful.  His hair fell back away from his face when he sat like that. In profile, the scar over his right eye was hidden, and…and he seemed almost normal, and Erris couldn’t take that from him. 
Erris herself had pulled her knees in close to her chest, pulled her shift down to her ankles, and she sat; Gel’s jacket folded underneath her, her legs drawn up with her arms wrapped around them, her chin rested on her knees, watching.  She wriggled her bare feet in the cold, hard grass, and just breathed  The smell of the wood burning, the crackling of the fire as pockets of sap spat and burst, the scratching of the old man’s charcoal against the rough parchment, it was wonderful.  The red of the fire, the sky overhead a war, half a bright, wavy orange, half a deep, dark blue, with soft specks as the stars came out.  It was beautiful.  
For a while, Erris was glad no-one spoke.  For once, she felt no desire to read herself to sleep in the flickering candlelight.  The night was too peaceful.
‘I’ll start with clothes for the girl, then food’ Dan’r said to no-one, ruining the perfect, silent moment, and snapping Erris from her reverie.  
Erris watched as the old man took the parchment he had been working on, folded it to a smaller size, then crumpled it in between his hands.  She wondered why he would destroy something he had drawn without even showing her them what it was.  
She saw Gel sit up, cross legged, and lean forward, a grin starting to split his face, and then Dan’r grunted.
And something happened.  
Whether it was a trick of the air, Erris didn’t know, but the air around his hands, it…shimmered.  It shimmered and grew longer; grew translucent.  
And then it stopped, and the old man was carrying a bunch of fabric in his arms.  
Erris didn’t know what to say as he breathed deeply, shook his head, stepped over to her, and held the fabric out to her.
‘Here, get changed,’ he said as she took the offered material from him.  ‘I have to start on food before the light goes completely.’  
‘Isn’t it awesome?’ she heard the boy say as Dan’r sat back down, pulled out another sheet of parchment and started to draw again, and she finally looked at what she held.
A green, long sleeved dress, and white leggings.  
‘Magic?’ she asked, looking at Gel, who was still grinning.
‘Art!’ he said, grinning wider.
‘Just go change behind the wagon, girl,’ the old man said, not looking up from his parchment, ‘I’ll explain when you get back.
And she did, getting rid of the old, soiled shift; pulling on the leggings, tugging the green dress that somehow fit over her head, hidden from the fire by the wagon.  In seconds she was back by the fire, 
And then he did.
‘I come from far away,’ he started, taking pauses between his sentences to sketch more on the parchment.  The sounds of the charcoal scratching against its rough surface lent a gravity to his words somehow.  ‘Where I come from, well, Art is magic.  Some of it anyway.  Writing, Music, Art…they can all do something, for some people.  Me?  I Draw.  And the things that I draw, well, some of them I can bring them to life; make them real.  Like that dress.’
He put down the charcoal pencil, shook his hand out briefly, then knelt.
‘I can also make,’ he grunted, and the air shimmered in front of him again, ‘food.’
And then on the grass in front of him was bread, cheese, some chunks of what looked like dried meat, and a water-skin.
He sat back down again, pulling out yet another parchment, and motioned to Gel, who hopped up, grabbed the food from the grass, and parceled it out, some to Dan’r, some for himself, some for Erris.
She stared at the food that sat in her lap for a second, unsure, then glanced over at Gel.  He was in the middle of ripping a piece of meat apart with his teeth, and when she caught his eyes, he shrugged, and continued.  
Erris smelt at the cheese, then took a small bite, as Dan’r continued.  It tasted…normal.  There was nothing special about the cheese; anything she would have eaten back home would have tasted better.
‘I can’t make everything,’ he continued as she swallowed.  It was…it wasn’t great, but it was food, ‘Some things are too complicated, or too big, and if I try to make too much I get exhausted.’  
Erris started to eat more voraciously.  The meat and bread were the same as the cheese.  Edible, but far from delicious.
‘That’s what Artists do; we create.  Musicians, they change things…’ The old man was interrupted by Gel, his mouth full of bread, ‘I’b a busician,’ he said, small bits of bread flying from his mouth before he shot up a hand to cover it, his cheeks quickly reddening from embarrassment.
‘Yes, well, Gel’s right, ‘Dan’r continued, still sketching, ‘He can change the weather, change how people think, with his music.  Musicians change.’
‘And writers?’ Erris asked, her eyes wide.  It all seemed so…so fantastical, so magical, but…but she had seen it happen.  Dan’r had pulled a dress, and food, edible food, out of thin air.  It couldn’t be real, everything she had grown up knowing said it couldn’t, but…
‘Writers, well, writers are a bit more difficult to explain.  They…I suppose they modify things,’ Dan’r said before he stopped, putting down his charcoal and eating some bread before continuing, ‘They can tell things how to be.  I, I suppose I never paid much attention in school, but…think of it this way.  I can’t make anything that’s alive.  If I draw an animal, I can make it appear, and it will look right, but, well, it won’t live.  If I draw a seed and plant it, it won’t grow.  Art imitates life, it can’t create it.  A writer though; a good enough writer can give something a form of life.  A good enough writer could take a puppet, and make it speak, or walk, at least briefly.  Writers give life to things, to ideas.’
He put down the charcoal as he finished speaking. 
‘Right, this is the last one for the night, so watch closely,’ he said, holding the parchment out then crumpling it between his hands. 
Once again, the air in front of him shimmered, wavered and then…and then he was holding a lute.  Erris couldn’t even tell when it appeared, it was just…there.
‘Here, kid,’ the old man said, his words tired as he handed the lute to the boy.
Gel took the lute with visible pleasure, sat, and began to play with the pegs, tuning the lute slowly, expertly, by ear.  When he seemed done, be closed his eyes, breathed in deep, lifted his hand to begin to play, and stopped.
He opened his eyes, looked at Erris.
‘What do you want me to play about?’ he asked, his eyes wide and staring.  Erris thought she saw Dan’r smile on the other side of the fire.
Erris stared back at Gel, but didn’t take long to think.  His eyes were so blue…
Looking up, she gestured with one hand.
‘That,’ she said, looking back at the boy. 
He looked up, took in the battle taking place in the night sky in all its glory.  Then he nodded, looked back down, and began to play.
Erris had wondered at first.  Dan’r and Gel had said he could play, but it was just music.  She knew of church hymns, and she had once seen a parade, all drums and trumpets, loud and bleating.  
She had thought nothing could make the silence, the introspection that she had found earlier while curled in her shift, any better.  But then the boy started to play.
In the sky, the night fought a winning battle against the last, retreating remnants of daylight; a vast, sweeping blue wave slowly beating back and covering an ever shrinking, ever darkening orange beach.  
In front of her, the camp’s small fire fought the same battle; a lone spot of light in an ever darkening landscape. 
And when the music started, she could hear it as well.  She could hear the quick, bright tenor notes fighting against a calm, slow, unstoppable bass, as unstoppable and unyielding as the night.  She could feel as the bright, fiery beach of orange, those quick, high notes, the last resistance of the day, slowly darkened, deepened, faded into the low drone of the night.
And she thought the boy was done, and she was astounded.  She had never before heard something so…so complex, so beautiful.
And then he made the stars come out.
She wanted to ask Dan’r more questions; a thousand of them had been living, growing in her head.  But as Gel played, they all disappeared.  None of them mattered.  
The sky darkened as Gel played, and Erris couldn’t say when she fell asleep.

Intermission

The march was exhausting, and Othwaithe was tired.  Tired, and in pain.  His feet dragged with every step, his large frame was hunched over.  He kept wanting to stop on the side, to lie down, to sleep, anything but keep walking.  
‘I can’t’ he told himself as he shook his head, straightened his back.  He was at the front, and he had to walk tall.  He was still the Mayor, and he still had a town to lead.  What was left of a town anyway.
He looked back over his shoulder, past Maerge who walked with dead eyes.  The loss of Gel was hard for both of them, and she still grieved.  Othwaithe had not yet had time.
The villagers trailed behind, ragged and exhausted, dirty and unfed.  But they still followed, most of them.  The ring of Church soldiers, pristine in their red coats, threatening with their wooden muskets, Fulhar Chaeveh at their head, the ring of soldiers kept the villagers moving, kept them walking south along the dirt road.  
Othwaithe still wondered why that night had happened as he looked quickly over the villagers, doing as much of a head count as he could.  Sheane and Mae were shuffling along behind Maerge, arm in arm.  He would have to adopt them, after their parents…  He and Maerge had always hoped one of the twins would join their family, now, with Gel gone…  Othwaithe hoped the two of them could help give Maerge some solace.  
They were all still there; everyone who had made it out of the village alive.  Satisfied, Othwaithe turned his eyes forward, his frame beginning to stoop as he remembered once more.

***

‘We will have to move the village soon, Maerge’ he said quietly as he and his wife sat together at the large wooden dinner table.  ‘The Fog is coming, and we are running out of time.  But where do we go?’  He had his head in one hand, a glass of strong drink on the other, and his wife’s hands on his back as she tried to console him, to comfort him.  
‘The Church will come for us soon, and we will go with them.’ Maerge had said.  ‘They will come for us, and they will protect us.’  
It made Othwaithe want to laugh, now.
He was lifting his glass to his lips when the first hit to the door sounded.  Louder, heavier than a knock, he was standing and pushing back the chair when the second hit sounded.  He could hear splintering, muffled shouts from beyond the door.  
He was pushing Maerge behind him, stepping forward to the door when the third and final hit sounded.  The door splintered, tore away and fell violently inward, hanging on by one hinge.  Bits of wood flew towards Othwaithe, and he raised one arm quickly against them.
And then there were Church soldiers with clubs and swords pouring through the door, and Maerge screamed.  
Othwaithe charged wordlessly, knocked one soldier backwards, took an angry sidewise swipe with his right arm at another, and then he was being clubbed to the floor, kicked, as Maerge’s screams were muffled behind him.

***

He had tried to struggle, but there had been too many soldiers for him.  They had pulled him out of his house, forced him down the hill to the square, where they were slowly collecting the surviving village members.  They eventually brought Maerge down as well.  They left Gel.
The Fulhar, their spiritual leader for years, was given command of the soldiers, and their long, arduous march began.  They still would not tell Othwaithe where they were being taken, but he would do his best, he would be strong for his village.  
He was still Mayor.

***

Ragn spoke to the Meiter in his dreams.  Robed and resplendent in flame, shining like the light of a thousand suns, Ragn looked down on him.
‘You are doing well, my son,’ his God told him.  
And the Meiter was pleased.
‘Control them all,’ Ragn’s booming voice shook the heavens, ‘Rule them all,’ Ragn’s fiery arms raised towards the black night sky, set it afire, ‘Use them all,’ Ragn said, and His fiery eyes looked deep into the Meiter, burnt him from the inside out.  He felt himself disintegrate, and be made anew by Ragn’s will.
‘Yes, my God.’ He wanted to say, but he had no voice.
‘Bring them together,’ Ragn said, as he reached out over Dohm, as he set the hills and the valleys, the fields and the lakes aflame.  ‘Bring them together, and your path shall reveal itself,’ and Ragn’s fire reached across the ocean, set the whole earth on fire.
‘Do this for me, my son,’ Ragn’s voice boomed, loud and soft at the same time, ‘Do this for me and you shall be set above all others.’
And the Meiter was pleased.
II

The next morning dawned late, as if the sky above was still fighting itself, and Erris woke late.  Dan’r and Gel were already up, taking down what little camp they had made.  She unraveled herself from Gel’s jacket and handed it back with a quickly muttered thanks before being handed a plate of breakfast by Dan’r.  She ate, washed quickly with some of the water Dan’r had conjured out of thin air, and then the three were off on the road.  The three spoke little that morning as they travelled; Gel and Erris sat in the wagon bed, Gel playing idly with his lute, and Erris reading from her diminishing stack of books.  Dan’r sat on the bench at the front, cursing under his breath each time the wagon shook or bumped, jostling his hand as he sketched rapidly.  The morning seemed tense, anticipatory, as if it were waiting for something to explode.  It felt nothing like the calm peace that the night before had offered.
Erris and Gel spent most of the morning avoiding looking at each other, or at least avoiding being seen to do so.  Erris kept wondering what he would have looked like without the scar; how he’d gotten it, and how he could play so well without all his fingers.  Her glances between sentences of her book kept distracting her, and she found herself having to re-read portions of her book, found herself going entire pages without actually taking in a single word.  It had never happened to her before.
Gel, on the other hand, kept glancing at her because, well, pretty girls frequently have that effect.  He kept trying to figure out why she was pretty; she didn’t look quite like Sheane or Mae had; she looked almost boyish, staring so intently at her books.  But then she’d brush aside a strand of hair that had fallen in front of her eyes, and Gel would forget his complaints, would forget that she was tall, or thin, or that she had red hair, rather than soft blonde.
It almost became a battle between the two, to look so absorbed in their thoughts and then look up, to try to catch the other staring.  Gel kept losing at the game, though he couldn’t quite tell why.
Around midday, when the sun sat directly overhead, when its heat beat down the hardest, as if it was trying to set the world on fire with nothing but its baleful glare, they stopped.  Dan’r handed around some food, and they ate in silence while Marmot grazed, freed from the harness for a time.  
Then, fed, watered, and lightly rested, they set off once more. 
A few hours later, the sun still high overhead, the sound of Marmot’s hooves hitting the ground changed once more to claps of steel-shod hooves on cobblestone, and Erris and Gel looked up quickly, eager for something new to distract them from their awkward, yet irresistible, game.  
To Gel, the houses rising in the distance looked vaguely familiar.  To Erris…
‘This is…,’ she said, looking sharply at Dan’r, who still sat on the wagon bench, one knee up, his pad of parchment propped against it, ‘Where are you taking us?’
‘Don’t worry,’ he said, not looking up from his drawing, ‘We’re just passing through.’  
‘That doesn’t matter!  This is Oortain’s Copse, isn’t it?  Why are we here?  It was evacuated because of the fog, and now you’re bringing me, us, back?  Why?’  It was as if a day without conversation had unleashed a flood of questions.
Gel stayed silent as Dan’r looked up, frowned at Erris’ outburst, then shrugged.  
‘We’ll stop in town,’ he said, putting down the parchment he had been working on, ‘I guess I should explain my plan anyway.  And then you can decide if you want to come or not.’
 Erris looked around anxiously as they trundled through the houses on either side, shuttered and abandoned, wondering if the fog would come spilling over the houses, crashing like a wave with no warning over them.
But it didn’t.  Dan’r stopped the wagon in the center of town, and Erris looked over the deserted streets, her eyes lingering on the bookstore she had loved so much.  
‘I think I know what the Fog is,’ Dan’r said, jumping down from the wagon and looking up the street, tapping one foot impatiently while he searched for the words to explain himself.  Even as the leader of their ragtag company, he seemed awkward, seemed to never know quite what to say, or how to say it.  ‘I think, no, I know how to stop it.  But I need Gel’s help to do it.’
‘And me?’ Erris said from the wagon as Dan’r turned and looked in its direction; Erris and Gel leaned over the edge of the wagon to watch Dan’r.
‘You’re an extra,’ he said, his face impassive, ‘you can come if you want, but I don’t need you.’  
Erris was crestfallen.  She had no-one, belonged nowhere, and now the only person she even kind of knew told her she meant nothing.  She stared blankly at the distance as Gel started asking questions.  She should have been angry, but…he was right.  She was useless.
‘Where are we going?  And why do you need me with you?  And how do we stop the fog?’ Gel’s questions tumbled out of his mouth, unleashed from the same dam of silence that had held Erris’ questions stoppered up.
‘Slow down boy, I’ll explain,’
It wasn’t fair.  The old man and the boy had magical powers, and she had nothing. 
Gel jumped off the wagon and moved closer to the old man as the two kept talking.
‘The Fog is…well, it’s what happens when someone tries to do something that’s not allowed.’
‘What do you mean not allowed?’ Gel asked, interrupting.  
She was going to be left alone again.  Maybe she could walk to Wraegn, and try to live in the city, but…she knew nothing about the city.  She had no money, no place to go…
‘Don’t interrupt, let me talk,’ Dan’r continued.  ‘The Fog, it’s what those Watchers I told you about are supposed to stop.  One of the things they’re supposed to stop, I suppose.  I don’t know why they didn’t, but…if we go through the Fog, and find where it’s coming from, then we can stop it.’
‘I thought the Fog ate everyone that touched it?’
Erris couldn’t go to the city, she knew that.  She’d never survive.  Maybe she could find a farmer somewhere willing to take her in?  She was good at working.
‘It does, but if we surround ourselves with light, with fire, we should be able to keep it away from us.  We can’t stop it that way, we’d never be able to get enough torches, put them out on that large a scale, but…well, we should be able to keep the Fog far enough away from us on all sides to get through it.  
She could try to find someone to marry; she was old enough, but…no.  That wouldn’t work either.  Maybe she could head up to Heyle, live of the land…
It wouldn’t work.  None of it would.  She had nowhere to go.
‘We take the cart, fix torches all around it, and we shouldn’t have a problem riding through the Fog, all the way to the sea.’
And now they were going to take Marmot?  It just wasn’t fair, at all.
‘We’re going to the sea?’ Gel asked, excitement clearly palpable in his voice.
‘Yes, and that’s where I need you,’ Dan’r continued, putting a hand on Gel’s shoulder, ‘We take a boat to Kol, which has a great lighthouse; it shouldn’t be too hard to find, but to get there you need to play to the Ocean, to calm it; make sure no storms come through and wreck us.  The storms and the currents, they’re…well, they’re why our continents don’t know we each exist.  No-one gets across the sea.  But you’ll be able to play them down, and we can cross.  We can get back to Alta, stop the Fog…’ Dan’r stopped, his eyes going distant.  
Erris wouldn’t stand for it.  
‘I’m coming too,’ she said defiantly, stepping down from the wagon and drawing herself to her full height.  She would argue if she had to, and wouldn’t back down.
Dan’r looked back at her, ‘I know,’ he said, as if it had already been decided, and Erris felt the wind of any anger fall quickly.  
And that was it.  They rested for a while longer, but all of them, even Erris, were eager to go on.  Within minutes, they were back on the road, leaving Oortain’s Copse, and heading towards the Fog.  

***

They had been travelling without a care in the world since the fight with the church soldiers at the village the day before.  They never noticed the Sergeant and two of the soldiers from that same fight, all relieved of their bright red coats and dressed in simpler, drabber greens and grays, watching them, following them, listening to their conversations.  They had no idea that one of the three soldiers was sent to report on the conversation that had happened at Oortain’s Copse, or that a fourth one was sent before, to report on the impossible feats the old man had performed during their fight.  
They had no idea that two were still following them, shadowing their every move from the sides of the road, following them towards the Fog, and the sea.

***

Erris stayed silent as they continued towards the Fog, ignoring her books, and losing herself in the endless flow of questions and comments that came from Gel, and the curt, single-syllable answers that came from Dan’r.
‘Why didn’t the Watchers stop the Fog?’
‘Don’t know.’
‘What do I have to play?’
‘Just feel it.  You’ll know.’
‘What if I don’t do it right?’
‘We die.’
That last chilled Erris, but Gel just continued with the questions, and Erris stared out blankly at the rolling fields on either side of the wagon, focusing on nothing; thinking of nothing.  
Dan’r sketched constantly as they rode, laying parchment piece after parchment piece beside him as he finished his drawings.  Something was wrong with him.  It was visible in his shoulders, and in the terse responses to Gel’s questions, that he was starting to tire.
And then the wall of Fog was in front of them, rising high above them, stretching out on either side of the wagon as far as the eye could see.
‘Hop down, help me get the wagon set.’ Dan’r told Gel and Erris as the wagon stopped, and they both did as they were told.  There was no more camaraderie, no more awkwardness or humour in his voice.  Just fierce resignation.
For the next hour, Dan’r turned art into torches, and leather strips to bind the torches to the wagon, with Gel and Erris to find ways to fasten them to the sides.  They fixed four torches to either side of the wagon, and another two at the front, close to Marmot.  As Gel and Erris fixed the torches, Dan’r stood in the back of the wagon, breathing more heavily and sweating more profusely as torch after torch dropped with a dull thud onto the wooden wagon bed.  
‘Have to have…spares…’ he panted between laboured breaths, one of the times he stopped for a break.  He did not look at either Gel or Erris as he spoke, but seemed to be talking to himself without knowing.
When the torches were fixed in place all around the wagon, and Dan’r had rested, he lit a spare torch with a piece of art from his cloak, albeit with difficulty, and then lit the torches around the wagon with the spare.
‘Let’s get…a little closer’ he said, walking to the front of the wagon and grabbing Marmot’s reins.  
Gel and Erris followed close behind as the trio, and Marmot, walked to the Fog bank.  As they got closer, they could make out that it was more than a giant, solid grey wall.  It…billowed, moved in and out on its own, completely independently of the wind.  Erris watched as little tendrils of the fog reached out towards the tip of each blade of grass, clapped on, and then…pulled…the rest of the Fog bank after it, sending a ripple of waves up the length of the wall.  It had done the same with the soldier that had attacked her, she knew, but she quickly pushed that thought away.
The wall was huge, covering thousands of leagues, but as scary as it was, it was also…fascinating.  It was like a living thing, slowly creeping forward, slowly covering the world.

***

Dan’r walked right up to the Fog, the children and the horse coming along behind him.  He was exhausted.  Creating that much Art…It had taken a lot out of him, and even now, he had to pull down slightly on the reins to keep himself straight.  The lit torch in his right hand felt like it weighed a ton; felt like he may drop it at any second.  But he had to go on.  He was so close.  So close.
When he was two meters from the Fog, the light from the torch hit the wall, and the wall…retreated.  It was like it fell away from the torch, as if the light hurt it.  He waved the torch, and the Fog retreated instantly as the light hit it, then crept back into place slowly, after the light was gone.
It would work.  He’d remembered right, from the Academy all those years ago.  He could get them through the Fog, to the sea, and they could cross it, and…
Dan’r shook himself, rolled his shoulders.  
‘Get in the wagon,’ he said, hefting the torch, then lobbing it into the fog.  It retreated as the torch flew, then slowly closed the hole that had been made, ‘It’s time we were off.’
Gel and Erris climbed into the wagon quickly, silently, and Dan’r was glad.  He had to pull himself onto the wagon bench, and even that was exhausting.  If the boy had continued to ask questions…
It took Dan’r a few minutes of cajoling and soothing to get the horse to step forward; it seemed afraid of the fog, but when it finally stepped up, and the fog retreated in front of it, it seemed to gain more confidence.  
Dan’r looked back at the fields behind them one last time, looked at the ten torches around the wagon that would keep the fog at bay, looked at the children in the wagon bed.  With the wall of Fog beside them, the sun overhead seemed weaker, the world around them less vibrant.  It was as if the Fog had stolen the colour from the world around it.  Gel looked a mixture of fear and excitement; Erris simply looked determined.  
Dan’r nodded to the children, in what he hoped was a reassuring manner, and they nodded back.  With that, he pushed the horse onwards, and the wagon breached the fog.  
For a second, the light of day followed them.  Then the fog closed tight the gaping wound that had rent its surface, and the trio was alone, a tiny island of light and safety in a giant, incomprehensibly large mass of deadly Fog.

***

Staen finally had news.  More subjects were on their way.  The news almost made him forget the disappointments of the previous days.  He had been unable to replicate the results of that one woman, the one whom the Fog seemed to almost ignore.  
But he had not had many women to test with.  He knew that was the key, somehow.  When more came, well…
Staen would use them efficiently.  
Before the Fog, Staen would have balked at using women and children for his experiments.  Before the Fog he would have balked at using any humans, really.  But then, before the Fog, Staen had only worked on inventing locomotives.  
Nothing he had done before had nearly the import of what he did now.  He would not fail, could not fail, even if it hurt to continue.
As he wrote of his latest experiments, alone in his tent, he silently hoped that no-one in the future would read his notes, would flip through the tear-stained pages.
He silently hoped that there would be a future.

***

Gel wasn’t sure what to think of this new world they had entered.  First off, it was completely grey.  Only the wagon and its occupants held any colour.  Everything else around them, except for the few meters of ground uncovered by the torches, everything else was grey.  Gel couldn’t think of anything more mournful, more depressing.  The Fog took away…it took away everything.  It was like life and light and colour didn’t exist in its broad expanse.
‘It’s…it’s kind of scary,’ Erris said, looking around, and Gel couldn’t help but agree.  
He couldn’t help himself.  He felt his fingers itching, begging him to play, and as he picked up his lute, he knew he had to play something that matched the Fog.  It was so effervescent, so…everywhere.
He began slow, a few minor notes at a time, letting them ring out into the fog, letting them signify the ethereal expanse that surrounded them, and then he added small, short, flat notes, all just almost off key, as the little grasping arms of the fog that moved it along.  He was getting into the song, getting into the feel of the fog, the feel of everything around him, when Dan’r yelled out.
‘Gel!  Stop, stop playing!’ Gel looked at Dan’r, not understanding, as Erris jumped at him, and put her hands over the strings of the lute.  
‘Wha…’ he began, then he noticed the Fog.  While he had been playing, it had started reaching for them, started coming closer.
‘You can’t play for the fog, Gel,’ Dan’r admonished, fear tingeing his eyes, ‘we’re surrounded by it.  Don’t make it stronger.’
Erris was looking at him as if he were an idiot, and Gel flushed with embarrassment.  
‘If you must play, play something alive, something colourful.  Play something that the fog isn’t,’ Dan’r said, and that’s what Gel did.  As they travelled, he played the happiest things he could think of.  His notes sang of birds flying through the air on a sunny day, of babbling brooks, and great elms; of red, and blue, and all the colours of the rainbow.  It was hard to play for beauty when surrounded by its opposite, but still he played.  And as he played, the fog retreated.  
Not much, but it did.  

***

Erris was relaxing after the scare with Gel’s music and the fog, sinking herself into a book and the colourful notes of Gel’s playing, when the wagon jerked to a halt.  Dan’r reached into the back of the wagon, grabbing a torch.
‘Stay in the wagon,’ he said, lighting the torch he’d grabbed against one of the lit ones on the side of the wagon, ‘there’s something on the road.’
Erris and Gel leaned over to look as Dan’r climbed down slowly from the wagon bed, and Erris knew immediately what it was.  A sob, almost a gasp, broke from her chest, a tear started to roll down her cheek. 
‘Erris?’ Gel said, looking over at her, suddenly concerned, and reaching a questioning hand towards her shoulder.  
‘It’s…it’s my…’ Erris muttered, crying quietly as Dan’r and Gel both looked at her.
‘It’s my father,’ she said, and then it all came out.  Gel and Dan’r watched her wordlessly as she told the story; how her family was attacked by church soldiers on her birthday, her father and brothers killed, the rest of her family run off into the forest, the soldiers sent after them.  
It exhausted her to talk about it.  She had tried to block it out entirely, forget that night had ever happened, but with Gel and Dan’r standing there, she let it all out, silent tears falling steadily.  Gel looked shocked and sorry; he kept reaching a hand out as if to comfort her, but then pulling it back, as if he wasn’t sure how she would take it.  Dan’r…Dan’r looked like a stone, but Erris could see his jaw clenching and unclenching as he listened.  
When Erris talked about the Fog, how she heard screams from the forest, and how it burst out and engulfed the soldier who had been assaulting her before Marmot carried her to safety, Dan’r raised his eyebrows, then cut in. 
‘How many of your family ran to the bushes?’ he asked, any traces of exhaustion in his voice hidden by a serious tone that seemed laden with barely contained anger. 
‘What?  Why…’ Erris started, looking up with tear-streaked eyes.
‘Just tell me,’ he said, forcefully, and Erris did.
 She told him all she remembered of where her family had disappeared, of where the soldiers had gone to find them, and when she finished he simply nodded once.
‘Stay here.  Don’t leave the wagon.  And watch the torches,’ he said, grabbing two extra, unlit torch from the wagon, lighting a third, and disappearing off into the fog.
Erris had been shocked by his interruption, shocked by the ferocity in his voice, and she stared off aimlessly at where he disappeared, eyes wide.  
She jumped a little when Gel put a hand on her shoulder lightly.
‘I’m…I’m sorry,’ he said awkwardly, ‘about your family.’
It was awkward, but he was sincere, and…
Erris found herself burying her face, and her tears, in his shoulder; found herself crying as he awkwardly patted her back, and tried to make soothing sounds.  
As awkward as it was, it did somehow seem to help.

***

Dan’r stalked through the fog, furious.  That anyone would attack a family.  That anyone would try to…
He was disgusted.  Words couldn’t explain.  
He didn’t care how long it took.  He would find them all.  Erris’ family; the soldiers; he would find them all.  And he would do whatever had to be done.
He started on the left side of the road.  The first soldier, the one Erris had called the leader was there, just out of sight of the wagon, his fingers clawing through the hard dirt, his eyes empty, his face afraid.  Dan’r pulled a large hammer from his cloak with one hand, and then he started on the soldier.  This one deserved it most, so Dan’r took time to break him.  He started with his fingers.

***

  It took him time to find the next group, but the underbrush was heavily disturbed; he had a clear path to follow.  He could see no more than ten feet on each side, but it was enough.  
The first soldier he came across was on the ground.  He had tripped over a root, trying to escape the Fog.  One of his arms was up, his face and eyes bared in fear.  
Dan’r took the soldiers’ sword from him, impaled him through the stomach.  Strangely he felt nothing but curiosity as he did so; small tendrils of Fog tried to leak through the wound in the man’s abdomen, rather than blood.  
Dan’r left the sword in him, moved on.
Four others were close by.  Three had blundered into the Fog unaware.  A fourth had tried to climb a tree.
Dan’r dealt with them all.  

***

After Erris recovered slightly; after she and Gel separated, eyes cast aside in embarrassment, after they each sat against an opposite wall of the wagon, looking at anything but each other, they started to wait.
They weren’t sure how long, but Dan’r seemed gone for a long time.  They waited, and waited.  And then they started to talk.  Erris asked Gel where he’d gotten the scars, and he told her, telling her all about the painful night, and about his village.  
And then they talked about themselves.  About Gel’s life in the village; about Erris’ life on the farm.  They just talked.

***

It took him longer to find the children Erris had spoken of, but he moved in a slow, sweeping grid, and found them eventually.  The boy lay on the ground by a tree.  He might have been asleep, but for the large purple bruise on the side of his face.  
The girl was held tight in the soldiers’ hand, one hand reached back to strike.  
Dan’r took this soldiers’ sword as well, stabbed it under his armpit, left it.  
By Erris’ count, he had three more to find. 

***

He had to light his second torch just before he found one of Erris’ sisters.  She had fallen, her face a rictus of pain as she held tightly onto her ankle, two soldiers standing over her laughing.  They had been distracted, one with the butt of his rifle in the girls midsection.  
Dan’r broke their knees and left them.  

***

He had to pull the last soldier off the girl.  He took his time with that one.  Left him nailed to a tree.

***

When Dan’r finally came back and started to haul himself into the wagon bench, Erris and Gel stopped talking, clamming up tight.  But their glances stopped being quite as awkward.  Somehow, over misery and loss, they had bonded.
‘I’ve dealt with them,’ Dan’r said as he climbed up into the wagon again, slumping down in his seat, and motioning for Marmot to start moving.
‘What do you…,’ Erris started, but Dan’r interrupted almost immediately.
‘When we’re done, when we stop the Fog, it’ll disappear.  And everything that’s in it right now will come back.  It’ll be let go.  If I did nothing, then…then everything here would go back exactly as it was.  I couldn’t leave them like that.  When the fog’s gone, your family will be safe.’
Erris said nothing for a moment, processing what he’d said, before hurrying and throwing her arms around him, and kissing him lightly on the check.  
‘Thank you,’ she said, and she meant it.
When Gel started up his music again, it seemed a little more cheerful to everyone.

***

They travelled for days, their whole world closed in a bubble, twenty meters long, ten meters wide.  They ate and slept in the grey bubble, used the wagon for occasional privacy when necessary.  Gel played, Erris read, and Dan’r made sure their torch supply was always adequate.  They travelled through towns, villages, and even a city, but they kept to the road, rarely seeing anything to their side.  Dan’r would sometimes jump off the wagon, head into the fog with a single lit torch, but never for long.  
On the second day of travel, Erris started to read out ideas from the books she read, though Gel and Dan’r rarely gave much comment.  
By the third day, they started to get on each others nerves.  With no new material other than the shifting grey expanse all around them, Gel’s music was beginning to grow stale, beginning to repeat, and he took longer and longer breaks between playing.  Dan’r was touchy, and exhausted, and would react with anger to the slightest prodding.  And Erris…Erris was fine.  She had her books, and light to read them by, and her family would be alright.  
On the fourth day, they passed through Vhindyar, the Regian capital, the light from their torches close enough to the houses on the side of the smaller thoroughfares to throw the sharp, solid construction, built to withstand a constant salt spray from the ocean, into sharp contrast.  Here, they caught their first glimpses of people, seemingly frozen in time, gaping out windows or reaching for doors where the Fog rolled over them in the streets.  
‘Why don’t they come back when the light from the torches touches them?’ Gel asked at one street corner, where a red-robed priest stood, his arms held wide.  He seemed to be welcoming the Fog that had swept over him.  He must have been sure in his faith, sure that his God would protect him.  
‘It gets inside them, I think,’ Dan’r said, barely glancing at the figure as they rode past, Marmots hooves echoing endlessly off the houses to either side.  ‘The light can take the fog off them, but not out of them, so they stay stuck.’
That revelation gave the statues, frozen in time and given wavering shadows by the flickering light of the torches, a new, unsettling light.  Gel and Erris wondered if the frozen people might still be aware, still be able to see them as they rode past slowly through the deserted streets.  Dan’r ignored it all and spent most of his time brooding silently. 
On the fifth day, they reached the ocean.
III

The ocean had called to them for hours as they followed the road, their only net of safety in an otherwise grey, hostile world.  They heard the waves crash against rocks somewhere below them, the ebb and flow of the surf the first outside sound they had heard since entering the fog.  It was something different, something that wasn’t the ever-present creaks and moans of the wagon.  The sound the waves made…it seemed glorious. Even Dan’r, dismal for days, came slightly out of his depression.  He straightened out of his seat slightly, his face taking on a stern, yet hopefully determined, glint.  
They followed a long, slow, winding road down the side of the cliffs.  At some points, off to their right, the light of their torches would show a drop, would show the ground falling away into…nothing.  It was unsettling, knowing you could fall, not knowing how long you might fall for.  
Before long, they entered a small fishing village.  The thatch-roofed houses and muddy roads echoed the chorus of water lapping against docks and the foreboding silence of the place.  Its people were frozen in time as they went about their daily tasks.  They must have assumed the Fog was just that, fog.
Dan’r stopped the wagon when Marmot’s hooves started to clatter against the wooden dock.  The light from the torches barely made it over the sides of the dock; the waters on either side remained hidden in the fog.
‘Wait here,’ he said, lighting one of their few remaining spare torches and pushing himself off the wagon, ‘I’ll find us a boat.’
The fog swallowed him soon after, quickly filling the hole made by his torch, and it wasn’t long before even the muffled creaks of his footfalls against the ancient dock were smothered.
Erris and Gel sat, waiting, as they had many times in the days previous.
‘What’s going to happen to Marmot?’ Erris asked, realizing for the first time that it was unlikely they could bring the horse with them on the ship.
Gel looked at the horse thoughtfully, his young mind working.  ‘Well…if we leave him here, then he’ll get covered by the Fog,’ Gel said, frowning, ‘but…he’ll be fine as soon as we stop it right?’
‘But he’ll be alone, in a strange place.  And who knows what the villagers here will do to him.  Maybe they’ll steal him, or sell him…’
‘It’ll be fine,’ Gel answered quickly, ‘We’ll stop the fog, and then come right back, and we’ll save Marmot before anyone can take him.’
Any further conversation was cut off as Dan’r’s muffled footsteps emerged from the fog, followed soon after by the man himself.  
‘I found a ship,’ he said, grabbing his bag of art supplies and another lit torch from the wagon, ‘Grab what you can and follow me.’
Gel grabbed his lute, Erris her bag full of books, and both took a lit torch in either hand as they stepped off the wagon, and followed Dan’r closely.  
‘Wait,’ Erris said, stopping as they passed Marmot.  She stepped up to Marmot, nuzzling him with her forehead.
‘You be good, silly horse,’ she said, closing her eyes as the horse licked her, ‘you be good and don’t be afraid.  I’ll be back soon, and then we’ll go back to the farm, with mother, and and…’
‘Let’s go, girl,’ she heard Dan’r call from behind.  
With one last nudge at Marmot’s forehead, she turned, wiped away a tear with her shoulder, and nodded.  Marmot disappeared silently behind them as the trio stepped into the fog, and walked along the creaking dock.
‘Here.’ Dan’r stopped and waved one torch over the side of the dock, illuminating a portion of the boat.  ‘We’ll have to be careful getting in.’
Dan’r lowered himself slowly into the boat, then held onto the dock to steady it as Gel and Erris lowered themselves in.  It was a good seven meters long, and two wide, with a sail furled up in the center, and oars stashed on either side.  
For the next half hour, they busied themselves setting up the ship.  Dan’r made more torches, littering the bottom of the boat with them, while Gel and Erris found ways to secure them to the boat, by wedging them between planks in the hull, or tying them down.  
It took ten torches to light the boat, five on either side, equally spaced out, and when they were all set, Dan’r sat heavily in the center of the boat, leaning his head against the mast.
‘You two, sit at the back.  I need to rest.  You have to row.’ Dan’r said, closing his eyes.
‘When do I get to play?’ Gel asked, annoyed at being relegated to rowing.
‘What direction do we go?’ Erris asked, concerned about setting off into the fog with no heading.
‘Just start,’ Dan’r said, not looking up, ‘I’ll take over soon.’
Gel and Erris looked at each other, then Gel shrugged, moving slowly, unsteadily to the back of the boat, taking out one of the oars and putting it in its lock.  
Erris sighed, and joined him.  
And then they set off.  It took a while to get used to rowing, and they made little headway, but they eventually got the hang of it.  Rowing in unison, they even managed to talk quietly to each other, as Dan’r slept against the mast nearby.  

***

When Dan’r did finally wake, he had Gel and Erris put up the oars, and quickly set about unfurling the sail on the boat’s single mast. 
Then he sat, and beckoned Gel closer. 
‘It’s your turn now, boy,’ he said, barely noticing Gel’s frown at being called boy again.  ‘You need to play, and your music needs to do two things.  One, you need to calm the ocean, keep the swells small enough for this boat to cross safely.  Two, we need wind to fill that sail, and in case you hadn’t noticed, there is none right now.  You need to make us some wind, and it needs to push us…’ Dan’r paused, pulling out a small circular compass from his cloak, ‘…that way,’ he finished, pointing off to the right of the boat.  
‘I…I don’t know if I can do that,’ Gel said, suddenly afraid. 
Dan’r looked at him, his eyes wide, almost feral.  ‘If you don’t, we die,’ he said with frightening finality, picking up Gel’s lute from the side of the boat and handing it to him. 

***

Gel was scared as he took the lute from Dan’r.  The old man had changed, recently.  Ever since they entered the fog he’d seemed…angry, impatient.  Dan’r was already turning, working with the mast and sail, angling it to catch the wind that didn’t yet exist.  
Gel moved back to the seat he had shared with Erris while rowing, walking crouched to not rock the boat.  When he did sit beside her, he hunched himself over dejectedly, stared at the lute, moved the stumps of his missing fingers back and forth strangely, remembering he was broken for the first time in days.
And then Erris put an arm around his shoulder.  ‘You can do it,’ she said, and she smiled as he looked up at her. 
And then he started to play.  
He started with the ocean.  Major key, low, calm.  Measured and steady.  The notes that rang out were low, calm, warm, everything Gel imagined the sea would be like on a clear day, the sun shining down and not a breath of wind to be felt.  This was the refrain.  Strong, steady, a melody he would return to constantly as he played.  
He played the refrain twice through, and then started to play for the wind.  This he started slow, just as slow as the refrain, but strong, and chaotic.  Wild, and uncontrollable.  He played for the wind, then returned back to the refrain, played it through, and started again on the strong, chaotic melody, but a little faster.  As he played, he kept the two parts circling, the refrain ever slow and steady, the chaotic verse always chasing the refrain, speeding up, pushing it forward, trying to catch up.  
He played until his fingers ached, the same two phrases, looping and chasing each other constantly, their notes flying out over the sea to be choked in the fog.  Everything sounded muffled, dulled, and when at last he stopped, his fingers aching too much to continue, nothing had changed.  The ocean still ebbed and swelled lightly, the boat rocked up and down with its crests and valleys as it had before, and the air was still dead, devoid of any wind whatsoever. 
Gel knew he had failed.  He wasn’t good enough, and now they would all die.  
‘I…I’m sorry,’ he started, lowering the lute, and Erris chimed in on top of him, staring daggers at Dan’r.
‘Now what do we do?’ she asked, venom readily apparent in her voice.
Dan’r shrugged.  While Gel played, he had tied down the sail and made it fast.  Now he sat with his head leaned back against the mast. ‘Now we wait,’ he said, his eyes closed indifferently.
And they did.  
Erris talked to Gel, trying to comfort him, but it was impossible.  He had doomed them all.  Dan’r had said they would die if he failed, and now they would.
Dan’r said, and did, nothing.
Ten minutes passed, the small boat bobbing up and down on the ocean, trapped in its bubble of light, surrounded by dual oceans of water and fog.  
And then twenty minutes slid achingly by.
Gel and Erris didn’t even notice it at first, the tiny gust of wind.  But Dan’r did.  
He sat up, his eyes popping open, and he grinned.
Gel and Erris didn’t notice him. 
They did notice when the next gust of wind hit the boat.  It was longer this time, steadier, and it even pushed the sail out slightly.  
‘You did it!’ Erris grinned, throwing her arms around Gel in a hug, the boat rocking slightly back and forth on the calm waters.
And then they were moving.  Slowly at first, the wind weak, straining to fill the boat’s sail, but with time, the wind began to push in earnest, and the small boat began to, if not fly, then at least glide, through the water.
For hours, even Dan’r was in high spirits, smiling, talking with the children, even laughing once or twice.  But with the passage of time and the monotony of the trip, his mood slowly soured again.
For five days they kept on, Gel playing to the wind and ocean every few hours.  Dan’r provided food, replaced sputtering torches, and answered any questions with a surly churlishness that much belied his previous good humour.  
Then, without warning something happened.  The front edge of the light thrown by the torches made a pinprick hole in the grey surroundings.  Then the hole widened, and they were through it, the whole boat, out of the fog.  Not into the sun, the wind and the rain or the stars, but into a giant, grey dome, reaching up high into the air.  
The colour in the giant bubble was, well, grayscale.  There were no shadows; everything was covered in the same sort of diffused, muted glow thrown off by the fog.  Colours were muted as well, the blue of the water, and the grey and brown of the rocks ahead seemed dry, washed out, like fabric or paint left out too long in the sun.
The torchlight illuminated the rocks ahead, and the boat hit them, straight on, crunching.  Its nose rose up out of the water, trapping itself on the large, angular rocks and the wind in the boat’s sails held it tight.
Even as excited as they were to be through the Fog, to be on solid land again, no-one made a sound.  The dome of colorlessness they found themselves in was too still, too solemn for anyone to break its silence easily.
IV

They pulled themselves out of the boat quickly, climbed carefully over the sodden rocks by the surf, and then stood, all three, and looked out at a large, grey stone tower reaching up into the fog above; looked out at a sloping, fertile island.  
‘Where are we?’ Erris asked, as she and Gel looked at Dan’r.
‘We’re on Kol,’ he replied, and for the first time in days his voice seemed to relax, to soften slightly, ‘we’re on Kol, and that,’ he said, pointing to the tower reaching up into the fog not fifty meters away, ‘that, as luck would have it, is where we’re headed.’
‘The fog, it’s flowing out from the tower,’ Dan’r explained as they walked towards the stone structure, ‘we’re in the umbrella below it now, I think, and if we want to stop it, well…’ He looked up, to where the tower disappeared in the dome of fog, and left the statement unfinished.  Gel and Erris both knew what he was going to say, and they needed no further incentives.  If that tower was where they had to go to save their families, well…so be it.
‘I had hoped to use the lighthouse to get above the Fog, to see where it’s coming from, but...now we don’t have to.’ He continued as they climbed over the rocky terrain leading up from the shoreline.  ‘Luck, of some kind.’
As they approached the tower, they realized it not only reached high into the sky, but was also very wide at its base.  The large wooden door at the bottom of the tower opened easily, noiselessly, and they stepped into a large, mostly empty column.  A wide staircase wound around the left side of the tower, the steps and the low railing made from the same stone as the rest of the structure.  Buntings and flags in various states of disrepair hung every few steps all the way up to the top.
They climbed the stairs.  At first, Gel tried to count them, but he quickly stopped caring when he hit a hundred and fifty, and instead tried to guess how many stairs might be left.
‘What’s that?’ Erris asked, noticing a large metal frame.  It hung through a hole cut in the stone of the tower.
‘Elevator,’ Dan’r said shortly, taking advantage of Erris’ question to take a quick break for breath.  ‘Whoever lives here would ride it up and down, rather than take the stairs.’
‘Why didn’t we?’ Gel asked, also breathing heavily.  It seemed Erris was the only one of the three not gasping for air.  
‘Well, it’s up here, not down there, isn’t it?’ Dan’r answered, and Gel had no response.
They continued up the stairs as they passed through the ceiling, now walled on both sides by the grey stone of the tower, until they came to a second large wooden door, which opened as easily and soundlessly as the first. 
They stepped out into a large sitting room.  Couches and high backed, well padded chairs lay about the open, circular room.  Various rugs and unlit lanterns were spaced out to alleviate the stark gloom of the grey stone.  
They ignored this first floor, open and empty as it was, and continued up the stairs.  They stepped into a much smaller sitting room, this one with an empty fireplace and two well worn chairs facing it, a scattering of books strewn about.  Erris immediately wanted to turn to the books, to go through them, but Dan’r moved ahead purposefully.  Beside the sitting room was a small kitchen, with a table for eating.  It was all spotless, unused.  The stairs continued up the left side of the tower, but at the back, a stone wall cut off the rest of the room, and a short stone staircase lead to a raised room at the back.  Dan’r ignored it all, and continued up the stairs.
They stepped up to the third floor, and Erris wondered why she had even bothered to notice the few books that had sat near the chairs below.  The third floor was a study, lined with books and parchments, hundreds, thousands of them.  More than Erris had ever seen.  She was awestruck, and Gel had to pull at her arm to get her to move, stumbling, forward.  
They stopped in the center of the room, where a wide stone stairway reached into the ceiling, and Dan’r reached into his cloak, grunted, and pulled out another torch, then lit it with another paper pulled from his cloak.
‘Stay close,’ he said as he started up the last staircase.  Erris and Gel followed.
This last staircase ended in a trap door set in the ceiling, and as Dan’r started to lift it, Fog started to pour in, only to meet the light of the torch and retreat.  With a shrug, Dan’r threw the trapdoor wide, then looked back at Erris and Gel, only a few steps behind, and motioned up with his head, before climbing out ahead of them.  
Gel and Erris stayed close, both to Dan’r and to each other, as they climbed out of the stairway.  Both their mouths fell open in shock as, for the first time in days, weeks, they saw the sun.  For a minute all they could see was the bright rays filtering down through a clear glass dome.  After weeks in the fog, the sun was bright, too bright to believe, all three of them stood, blinking and squinting painfully as their eyes slowly adjusted.  
The Fog was cascading like a waterfall over the open sides of the tower top, spreading out as far as the eye could see, and blanketing the earth below it in a grey haze, while the sun, the clouds, the sky, continued unchanged above them.  It looked beautiful and terrible at once, the bright yellow sun beating down from a cloudless blue sky, through the clear dome that covered the tower top, illuminating the scene before them.
At the center of the tower was a bier, and sitting on it was a woman, clad all in white, her skin and hair grey, and the Fog rolled out from her in waves.  In her arms was the body of a man, his skin withered, dried, mummified.  
As the trap door opened, as Dan’r and the children stepped through the now open portal into the sun, the woman looked at them, her face showing pain, fear, hatred, sorrow, all at once.  Her eyes were empty, dead, but Fog flowed down and out of them.
‘He did it for me,’ she said as she turned, placed the body of the man on the bier in her place, and stood.  ‘He loved me,’ she stated as her hands fell to her sides, as Fog billowed out from her sleeves.  
Dan’r moved closer to the bier, and Erris and Gel followed.
‘You’re killing the world,’ Dan’r said as he moved closer to the elderly woman.
‘What do I care for the world?’ the woman screamed, her face distending as the Fog pulsed out from her faster, ‘He’s gone, and the world can burn for all I care.’
It felt like her scream should shatter the glass dome above them, should shatter their eardrums, and Gel and Erris covered their ears in pain.  Dan’r stood though, half crouched, as if waiting.
‘Back,’ Dan’r said, pushing Gel and Erris back and to the side as he flung open his cloak, papers fluttering in their pockets as he grabbed at scraps on either side.
And then the woman was barreling forward quickly, her feet gliding along the thin layer of Fog survived the sun to roll fitfully along the stone floor of the tower-top.
Dan’r jumped to the right, throwing fire from one hand, his cloak flapping behind him as the ball of fire appeared in and left his hand, streaming towards the woman.  One hand forward, its long fingers extended towards Dan’r, the woman shrieked as the ball of flame skimmed past her side, but it missed, and she kept coming.  
‘Do something!’ Erris yelled to Gel as Dan’r ducked behind one of the columns holding up the dome of the lighthouse, throwing lightning behind him, the crack of thunder masking the sound of protesting stone as the woman’s fingers tore deep furrows out of the column, her strike narrowly missing Dan’r as he rolled out from behind his cover.
‘Do what?’ Gel yelled back as Dan’r threw up a wall of water, scrambled behind another column at the far edge of the tower top.  
‘Anything!’ Erris yelled as she moved towards the bier.  
Gel noticed that the Fog, even weakened by the sun overhead, was starting to crawl up Danr’s legs, almost at his knees, as he tossed another ball of fire towards the woman, narrowly missing her again.  The Fog had already started up Erris’ ankles when she reached the center of the bier, bending down quickly to pick up a violin lying on the ground.  She yelled wordlessly as she tossed the violin at the woman, striking her on the shoulder.  It threw her off balance a second, gave Dan’r time to scramble away once more.  
The woman turned slowly, pained as she watched the violin fly off her shoulder, heard the twang of strings breaking as it cracked on the hard stone floor, screamed in fury as the violin tumbled over the edge of the tower, down through the Fog below.  
Dan’r threw again, from over on the left, a stream of boiling water, steam rising off it as it flew towards the woman, but her attention had shifted, and she powered towards Erris, Dan’r’s attack falling impotently behind her.  
The woman screamed as she came, and Erris barely managed to throw herself out of the way of the woman’s reaching claws, landing hard and striking her head against the bier as the woman glided to a quick stop and turned.  
Gel saw her as she turned, really the old woman coated in Fog, saw her face, the pain and the sorrow in it.  She was old, frail, and the Fog fell down her face as if she were crying.  She was…sad.
She screamed again as she moved towards Erris, Dan’r yelling at the fallen girl to move.  Erris was reaching an unsteady hand to her forehead, wincing in dizzy confusion as she touched the gash there when Gel finally moved.  
He had stood there for what seemed like ages, unsure of what he could do to help.  He couldn’t fight like Dan’r, and even Erris had more courage than he, but…the woman was sad.  
He unlimbered his lute quickly and struck a chord, then another and another.  He played to the woman’s sorrow, played to calm and comfort her, and the woman stopped, turned, stared at him with empty, crying eyes.  
And then a ball of fire ripped through her chest, cutting through the Fog around her and flying over the side of the tower to Gel’s right, burning through the Fog around the tower as it fell.  
Gel stopped playing as the woman keeled over, the Fog from her eyes drying up even as her body hit the ground.  
‘What…’ Gel started, and Dan’r shook his head, panting as he limped his way over to a chair that sat near the center of the tower, as he sat with a pained expression and put his face into his palms.   
‘She is dead,’ Dan’r said, his words muffled by his hands.  ‘He must have tried to bring her back,’ Dan’r said, his head nodding towards the dead man on the bier.  ‘The Watchers should have…doesn’t matter.’
 ‘What…’ Erris started, confused as Gel reached her, straightened her against the bier and dabbed at the cut on her forehead with his sleeve.  
‘It’s over,’ Dan’r laughed suddenly, and as Gel looked around him he could see it was true.  It was happening slowly, but the Fog, flowing out of the woman and over the top of the tower, over the world below it, the Fog stopped, like a stream whose source is suddenly dammed.  The edge of the Fog was flowing out over the stone floor, flowing out over the edge of the tower, and it was gone.  The tower was free of the Fog.  
‘So…so we won?’ Gel asked, sitting down next to Erris.
‘That’s right, kid,’ Dan’r said, as Erris leaned her head against Gel’s shoulder.  ‘It’s done.  It’s over.  We won.’


Epilogue

Rhone was nervous.  The room around him, everything in it was just so…opulent.  And it was only a waiting room.  The chairs were gilded with gold, their cushions made of the finest red silk.  He was sure anything in the room would be worth more than his whole house.  He was a Sergeant; not even a Legnar.  He controlled a group of five men, he was not special.  Not yet anyway. 
But his Legnar had already given his report, and now the Maeiter wanted to hear from him, personally.  
‘Think of it,’ he remembered telling his wife the night before, ‘a meeting with the Maeiter.  Surely that has to be good for some kind of promotion.  A new house, down by the water.  You’d like that, wouldn’t you Maesi?’  He remembered other things too.  The night before had been a good one. 
But now he stood at attention, in his full uniform, in the most opulent room he had ever seen, and he couldn’t be excited.  He simply was nervous. 
‘What if I say something wrong, or do something wrong.  Will they send me to the dungeons, or just kill me?  Or maybe demote me?  How will I keep my house, how will I keep Maesi?’
His reverie was broken as a well dressed servant opened one of the two giant lacquered and carved wooden doors at the other end of the room. 
‘The Maeiter will see you now,’ he sniffed, looking down his nose at Rhone, as if he wasn’t good enough, even as he bowed Rhone’s way into the room, and closed the large door behind. 
The room behind the doors was much plainer than the sitting room outside.  A large wooden desk sat at the other end, covered in papers, and behind it sat…
‘Sit, Sergeant,’ the Maeiter said without looking up, waving absently to a chair in front of the table.  
Rhone did so, nervously smoothing his hands along the pants of his uniform, hoping there were no creases or stains or tears.  Why didn’t he buy a new uniform for this, he knew he should have.  Maesi better have cleaned them right, or…
‘I have already had your Legnar’s report,’ the Maeiter continued, breaking Rhone’s reverie, ‘so tell me, in your own words, what happened.’
‘Ah, yes, yes sir, yes Maeiter,’ Rhone stumbled and stuttered, silently cursing himself.  ‘We were at the village, and the Legnar was interrogating a girl, and then an old man attacked us, and he threw fire and,’
‘How,’ the Maeiter interrupted.
‘I…I don’t know, Maeiter.  He just…reached a hand into his cloak, and then threw fire.’
‘Very well, continue.’
‘Well, Maeiter, he attacked us, and he killed a bunch of my men, but then he told me and Ohn, and Dayet and Cit to run, so we did, but then we turned back to get the Legnar, and he told us to go after the man and the wagon, so we did, and,’
‘Skip to the important bits, Sergeant,’ the Maeiter interrupted again.
‘Ah, yes, sir, yes Maeiter, sorry.  We followed them, and we saw them use torches to get through the fog, but before that they stopped and talked about where they were going, and the old man told them that the boy was going to play music to get them across the ocean, and that there was a whole ‘nother continent across there, and that’s where the man came from, and…’
‘That’s fine, Sergeant.  That’s all I need to hear from you.  You have done well, and may be excused.’
The Maeiter stood as the young Sergeant bowed himself out of the room.  The Sergeant had done well, as had the Legnar, and they would both get commendations out of it, he would make sure.  
He walked to a large map that hung on the south wall of his room.  The fog had stopped, thinned, and was gone, and the lines drawn across the map in charcoal to denote its progress had been washed off, though they were still barely visible on the background.  He would have a new map commissioned.
He had the church, as many of the Fulhar’s and Maean’s as could be spared, out in Rege, helping the populace, bringing them food, helping to repair and re-start a society that had been frozen for months.  It would be slow, but within the year, he was sure Rege would capitulate to his demands; would become a protectorate of Rognia.  With the extra troops, they would take Heyle easily, and Dhome and Dheme soon after.  Riin and Maarin would be tougher to crack, but within five years, even they would fall, would turn and worship Ragn.
And then…if there was another continent across the sea…
Normally the storms were too great, but if music could calm them…
It would require funding, and time, but he was sure they could find a way across.
Another continent entirely to convert to Ragn; another continent of souls to save.  He would be the greatest Maeiter the world had ever seen.  Ragn would surely welcome into his arms when his time came.
But not yet.  Not yet.  There was still too much other work to do.  First in Rege, then Heyle…
Still…build the army, find the scientists and musicians.  Find a way across the ocean…it could be done.  It would be done.
He rang the bell on his desk, and his manservant opened one of the large doors to the room.
‘Send for Stean,’ the Maeiter said, sitting back down in the worn wooden chair at his desk piled high with papers, as close to a throne as he would ever get, ‘tell him it’s urgent, and he will be well funded.  He has work to do.’
The doors to the room closed with the same loud, ominous thud as they always did, as the Maeiter turned back to his desk, his reports, and his thoughts.



End


Thank you for reading my novel.  If you enjoyed it, or if you did not, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?

Thanks, 

David Alloggia

About the Author

David Alloggia was born and raised in Ottawa.  Taught to read on a steady diet of science fiction and fantasy, The Fire and the Fog is his first novel.

 
