
Love Lies Sleeping
by
Lisa Dietrich




Published by Lisa Dietrich at Smashwords
Copyright 2014  Lisa Dietrich


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may be copied and shared for non-commercial purposes provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebooks publisher for other books by this author. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.

For my daughter who says there should always be a kiss at the end and for my husband who makes sure there is one.




Young Love lies sleeping
In May-time of the year,
Among the lilies, 
Lapped in the tender light:


Dante Gabriel Rossetti (1828-1882)






Chapter 1


He held me firmly, one arm wrapped around my waist. I could feel his warm breath on the back of my neck. Goose bumps rose unbidden on my arms.
“You need not be afraid,” he whispered, his soft breath tickling my ear. He leaned closer. His dark hair brushed my cheek. 
Suddenly I was afraid. I wasn’t sure I should be with this man. “I can’t,” my voice was dry and cracked with panic. “I can’t! I have to get back!”  
“Lily, I will not lose you again!” He crushed me close to him, holding me tightly with his arm.
“I can’t,’ I sobbed. “I’m sorry. I can’t!”

I forced my self awake. I could feel my heart hammering against my rib cage.  “Nothing but a weird dream,” I told myself, trying to calm down. The man in the dream had been so vivid, so real, that it was almost as if I could still feel his presence in the room. I glanced at the clock on the nightstand. It was two o’clock in the morning. I reached a shaking hand toward the lamp and turned it on. I knew I wasn’t going back to sleep any time soon. 
I stared at the ceiling and waited for daylight, thinking about how much different things were going to be this summer. Instead of hanging out at the beach with my friends in California, I was spending my summer in England with my mom and the man she was going to marry, Sir Richard, the 9th Earl of Yarlbury. 
Yes. I was about to become part of the British aristocracy.  My friends thought it was really great. Me, I wasn’t so sure. 
 During our ride from Heathrow airport my mom tried to get me excited about my visit to England. She gushed about Brynmoor Manor and the “picturesque” village of Hexingham, but after we left London all I saw were rolling hills of grass dotted with small stands of trees and sheep. I decided that this part of England looked like a big golf course. Except instead of little white golf carts buzzing around the countryside, they had sheep.
 “Oh look!” My mother had pointed excitedly. ‘Here’s the village.” We turned off the highway onto a two-lane road, drove past more fields peppered with sheep and into a small collection of cottages. 
The village didn’t look very promising in terms of amusement, but it was definitely postcard “picturesque.” A dozen cottages and a handful of shops, their window boxes filled with geraniums bordered the road.  
“This is High Street. The main road in the village.” My mom gestured enthusiastically at the street sign. “The church is just around the corner. We don’t have time to visit today. But next week we’ll come down and explore. Aren’t they darling? Just like something out of a fairytale. Oh look,” my mother chirped cheerfully. “Here’s the butcher shop. Do you see the cow?” 
She pointed to a small stone building with a heavy wooden door and a brass cow hanging in front sandwiched in between a row of low black and white cottages. The shop looked like it had been there for at least a hundred years. It even had moss growing on the slate roof.
 I rolled my eyes. “The Butcher, the Baker, the Candlestick-maker. Great.” I sighed. 
My mother laughed. “Well I don’t know about the candlestick maker, but there is a baker. Though he’s in Shawbury.” 
I rolled my eyes again.
“Don’t worry, Sweetheart. There is also a movie theater and a pizza place in Shawbury. It’s just down the road a bit. And we do have a pub here.” She pointed to one at of the buildings. “I think it’s where all the kids hang out.”  She gave me a quick smile. “Lily, I do appreciate you being such a good sport about all of this. I know it’s not easy leaving your friends for the summer, but if you give it a try, I think you’ll have a good time here.” 
I felt a pang of guilt. I smiled back at my mom. “You’re right, Mom. I’m sure it will work out.” I wasn’t really too sure, but I figured faking it for a few months wouldn’t kill me. I decided to give it my best shot, for my mom’s sake.
My mom squeezed my hand. “Thanks, Sweetheart.” We drove through the rest of the village and headed toward Brynmoor Manor. . 
As we entered the grounds surrounding Brynmoor, I felt my jaw drop. I couldn’t help it. My mother had emailed photos to me, but they weren’t nearly as amazing as the real thing.  
Two columns of perfectly pruned shrubs, as tall and erect as soldiers standing at attention, bordered the long gravel driveway. As we crested a small hill, I caught my first glimpse of the manor house. Its warm brick exterior seemed to glow in the fading sunlight. The  lawn rolled away from the mansion like a soft green carpet. . I couldn’t believe that this was going to be my new home. The front of house was three stories high with tall windows framed in white. I counted at least twelve chimneys.I stared open-mouthed at my new homein awe
We drove up the driveway and parked the car.  
    “What do you think?” My mother asked. 
“I think Sir Richard’s house is a little too small for us.” I joked. My mother laughed. She looked at me with a little sparkle in her eye. “Wait until you get your tour of the inside.”  
I grabbed my backpack and hopped out of the car, following my mom inside. 
“This is the Great Hall,” my mother explained. “The name pretty much says it all doesn’t it?”
The Great Hall, was just that, a large entry hall into the manor house. Wide windows, reaching from the floor to the ceiling, spilled the evening’s last bit of light onto polished parquet floors and thick oriental runners. The walls were painted a warm shade of apricot and covered with oil paintings in heavy gold frames. A wide stairway of gleaming dark wood curved gracefully toward the second floor. 
“Wow.” I took a deep breath. The faint smell of cut flowers perfumed the air.  I feel like I’m in a museum.” I told my mom.
She smiled in agreement. “It’s a little overwhelming. Isn’t it?”
I nodded. “Yeah. All I can say is, wow!” 
While I was impressed with my first introduction to Brynmoor Manor, I didn’t spend much time getting acclimated to my new surroundings. I was curious, but I was also exhausted. After the last few weeks of final exams and frantic packing, not to mention traveling for almost twenty hours, all I wanted to do was to find a soft pillow and a bed. My mom settled me in my room and let me sleep. 
Of course, my strange bedtime meant that I was now spending the early hours of the morning lying around waiting for the rest of the house to wake up. Jet lag. I checked the clock again. 4:30 a.m. I sat up in bed and looked around for something to read until daylight.
 I was staying in the Chinese room. The walls were covered with wallpaper that showed Asian-style ink drawings. My bed was carved with two dragons whose long snake-like tails curled around the headboard and wrapped around the bedposts. A dark red silk canopy stretched over the top of bed, matching the sheets and heavy blanket that lay below it. Except for the lack of cartoon characters, it felt like I was in some kind of theme room at Disneyland.
My stomach rumbled. I was wide awake and I was hungry. Even though it was only 4:30 in the morning, I decided to try and find my way to the kitchen to get something to eat and drink.  
Quietly, stepping out of my room, I tried to remember how to get to the stairs. I looked around. A single light had been left on to illuminate the hallway. I vaguely remembered following my mom up a large stairwell and walking along two portrait-lined hallways before coming to my room. I looked up and down the hall, hoping for inspiration. Nothing. Oh well, it was either one way or the other. I turned right.
In the dim light, I could see the stern faces of Sir Richard’s ancestors staring at me from their heavy gold frames. I tried to ignore them as I walked quietly down the hallway. It was pretty creepy. I felt as if a bunch of people were watching me, and none of them liked me. I stuck my tongue out at one particularly sour-faced old man with a ruffled collar. I know it was silly, but it made me feel better. 
As I tip-toed down the hall, I kept looking over my shoulder. I just couldn’t shake the feeling that someone was following me. At one point I even thought I heard someone whispering my name, but I knew that was just my imagination playing tricks on me. 
At the end of the hallway, I paused, looking for the stairwell. Standing very still, I tried to get my bearings. Suddenly, I felt something shimmer and whisper in the half-dark. Soft as a kiss it caressed my cheek. I squealed in surprise, my heart almost leaping out of my chest in fear. Shivering violently, I waved my arms frantically near my face to shoo whatever it was away. 
I wasn’t sure why I jumped like that. Common sense told me that it was probably some stupid moth that was as lost as I was. I think I was still a little freaked out from my nightmare. My brush with the phantom whatever-it-was had unnerved me so much that I decided it would be better to wait a couple of more hours in my room rather than wander about Brynmoor Manor in the dark. I crept back to bed, avoiding the disapproving eyes of the grim-faced portraits in the hallway and waited for the sun to rise.


Chapter 2

 “Breakfast won’t be served until later.” My mother said. “Why don’t we go and see if we can get you some food from the kitchen. I’m sure Mrs. Fitzgibbon won’t mind..”  
A short, plump woman, wearing a white apron, bustled about the kitchen. Her red hair was streaked with grey and pulled back into a loose bun.  “Oh my, you’re certainly up with the birds this morning. .”  She said with a smile.
“Lily’s suffering from a bit of jet lag. I’m afraid.” My mother turned to me, adding, “Lily, I’d like to introduce you to his is Mrs. Fitzgibbon. She’s the housekeeper at Brynmoor. Although that title doesn’t seem to do her justice. She pretty much runs things around here. In fact, I don’t know what I would have done without her these last few weeks. Even with all of her other obligations, she’s still found time to help me organize the wedding and reception.”
Mrs. Fitzgibbon laughed and wiped her hands on her apron. “We are all  very happy to help. ” 
Turning toward me she smiled. Two dimples appeared in her rosy cheeks. “ So jetlag is it? I imagine you’re stomach clock is also a wee bit off as well.Would you care for a bite to eat this morning, before we set out breakfast?”  
“That’d be great. Thanks.” I told her. “I am kind of hungry.”
Mrs. Fitzgibbon nodded. “I know just the thing. A nice cup of tea and a warm scone to get you started.”
 “That sounds wonderful.” My mother said. “I think we’ll have our tea and scones in the Blue drawing room. Oh that reminds me,” my mother added. “We were so tired last night that we left the most of  Lily’s luggage in the car. We’ll need to have her bags brought up to the Chinese room.”
“Of course. I’ll just get Simon to sort things for you.” Mrs. Fitzgibbon’s eyes glinted merrily, “Ah. Speak of the devil, here he comes now.” She smiled broadly, calling out, “Simon!”
I checked out Simon as he approached us. Tall andbroad shouldered , Simon looked a few years older than me. He wasn’t bad looking, if you liked red hair. His brown eyes looked at me curiously. I noticed he had a dusting of pale freckles across his nose and cheekbones. 
After his mother introduced us, he directed a polite, but brief nod toward me. “Welcome to Brynmoor.”
“Uhm. Thanks.” 
“Simon, will you get Miss Lily’s things out of the boot and bring them up to the Chinese room, right away.” Mrs. Fitzgibbon asked. 
“Sure thing, Mum,” he answered without taking his eyes off of me. She gave him an affectionate pat on the back. “All right then. Hop to it.”
 “The boot?” I asked, watching as Simon disappeared out the kitchen’s side door.
My mother laughed. “It’s what the English call the trunk of a car. You’ll have to learn to speak a little of the Queen’s English while you’re here.” 
 “
After Mrs. Fitzgibbon and her son had left, I turned to my mother. “Simon’s not the  butler, is he?” I asked, thinking he didn’t look much like a butler, unless old jeans and t-shirts were some sort of new style in butler clothes. 
“Oh,no!” She laughed. “He is Mrs. Fitzgibbon’s son. Her husband is the Head Gardner. They live in that stone cottage by the orchard.” My mother pointed vaguely off to the right. 
“Mrs. Fitzgibbon manages the house and staff. The older children Jenna and Simon help out when they are not in school. Charlie, the youngest, well…” my mom laughed. “He seems to run amok. They are a very lovely family. Richard absolutely depends upon them to manage things while he is traveling.” My mother gestured with her hand, taking in the huge mansion. “Richard tries to manage Brynmoor and his London flat with a minimal staff. The Fitzgibbons, the day maids and day gardeners and, of course, Hudson.
I raised my eyebrows. “Hudson?”
“Richard’s valet. He travels with Richard and organizes the flat in London for him. Prepares his meals and his clothes, things like that when he’s in London. I guess you could say that Hudson is the closest thing we have to a butler.”
“Speaking of Sir Richard, where is he?” “Oh, Richard had to stay in London to take care of some legal issues. Immigration papers for me. He’ll be home this evening. So, what do you think?  Has Mrs. Fitzgibbon’s had time to put the tea out yet?” She asked.
“I hope so. I’m starving.”  As if on cue, my stomach grumbled.
My mother gave me a quick squeeze. “Looks like we better find our way to the Blue drawing room before you faint from hunger.”As we entered the drawing room, a very thin man with gray hair, gray eyes and a gray suit, stood waiting inside the door. “Welcome to Brynmoor Manor, Miss Lily.” He made a small bow in my direction. “If you should need anything, the staff and I will be at your service.”
“Uhm. Thanks.” I said. 
The gray man acknowledged me with a stiff nod of his head and turned toward my mother, “If you will pardon me Countess, I need to have a word with Mrs. Fitzgibbon.”
“Certainly.” My mother smiled at him. 
I stared after the small gray man gray man as he withdrew from the room, his back erect. “Let me guess.” I told my mom. “That would be Hudson.” 
“Absolutely.” 
We both giggled. 
“Wow!” I told my mom. “I’ve never had staff before.” Things were beginning to look much better about spending a summer at Brynmoor Manor.”
My mom and I enjoyed our tea and scones. Mrs. Fitzgibbon had also brought some homemade jam and sliced fruit. It was pretty great. I didn’t have to clear plates or load the dishwasher. “Not bad,” I thought, “A girl could get used to this lifestyle.”
After we finished eating, my mother sighed. “I know you’ve just arrived, but would you mind terribly if I let you settle in by yourself. I need a few hours to make some phone calls and go over some of the details for the wedding.”
“Sure mom, no problem.”  I gave her a quick smile.
“Thank you sweetheart, I appreciate it. I.” My mom looked relieved. “I’ll tell you what? Why don’t you unpack your things and I’ll ask Mrs. Fitzgibbon to send Simon or Jenna up to take you on a tour of the manor. If you find you need anything, like extra towels or a better reading light, just ask Mrs. Fitzgibbon or one of the day maids to help you. I’ll check in with you in a few hours.”
When I returned to my room, I noticed that Simon had placed my luggage inside the door. I lifted my suitcases onto the bed and opened them. As I bent to lift my clothes out, I felt as if something touched the back of my neck. Soft as butterfly wings it fluttered against my skin. Startled, I whipped around. Another moth? I looked around the room, but I didn’t see anything. 
“I guess living in the country, I’ll need to get used to the occasional bug.” I said grinning at my reflection in the mirror. I slowly finished unpacking my clothes and arranging my things in the closet and bureau, but I kept a look out for flying insects the entire time. 
When I had finished unpacking, I walked over to the windows and drew back the red silk curtains to get a better view of the Formal Garden. Wow! The backyard of Brynmoor was even more impressive than the front yard. Acres and acres of grass and flowers and trees unfolded before my eyes. It was really beautiful, like living in the middle of a huge park. 
I was amusing myself by counting the flower beds, when someone knocked on the door of my room. 
“Come in.”
A girl who looked about my age opened the door. She had red hair cut in a short, spiky style, and a face full of freckles. When she smiled, two dimples appeared. She looked me over curiously. 
“Hullo, I’m Jenna. My mum asked me to come fetch you and show you round the place.” She gave me an appraising glance. “You don’t look much like your mum. Do you?” 
I sighed. It’s not an easy thing to havea beautiful mother. I know. My mother looks like a fairy princess. She is small and dainty with smooth golden hair and big blue eyes. She looks just like one of those porcelain dolls you see displayed in toy stores. I am the exact opposite, I take after my father. I’m tall with dark curly hair and hazel eyes. Definitely, not your typical   Cinderella-style fairy princess. 
I must have looked unhappy because Jenna immediately started to apologize. “Oh I didn’t mean anything.. It’s just that we all look so much alike. My Da is always joking and saying that he can’t deny the gaggle of Fitzgibbons running about the village, cause we’re all ginger-haired. The whole lot of us.”  She giggled good-naturedly, tugging at a lock of her red hair and looking at it cross-eyed. 
I couldn’t help but laugh with her. “That’s okay. I’m used to it.”
“Myy mum says that you want to see the house and gardens.” 
“Yeah. I’m hoping  that if I get a good look at this place I’ll be able to get around without a map.”I think I’ll need a map to find my way around.”
“It’s not so bad, you get used to it,” Jenna said. “I’ll show you ‘round and you’ll be able to find your way. Don’t you worry.”
Jenna took me down the back staircase, past some of the twelve fireplaces, into and out of rooms so quickly that I didn’t have much time to absorb anything. I did notice that many of the rooms seemed to have color themes. We sped through the blue drawing room, the gold sitting room, the maroon dining room, the salon, the south tower room, and the kitchen.  According to Jenna, there were 87 rooms at Brynmoor. As she whisked me around the mansion, I hoped she wasn’t planning to show me all of them in half an hour. 
Jenna chatted the entire time we toured the house. She talked non-stop about the upcoming wedding. She talked about flowers, invitations, table cloths, and dresses. I think she was more excited about the wedding and party than my mother. When she finally stopped to catch her breath, we were outside in the Formal Gardens.  
A short barrel-chested man wearing a broad hat and bright red suspenders was working on some rose bushes with a pair of pruning shears
 “That’s my Da,” Jenna pointed. “Haloo, Da.”  She waved. The man looked up and smiled. He took off his hat to wipe the sweat from his forehead. I saw what Jenna meant about the red hair. His hair, though threaded with gray, was also red. 
We walked over the clipped green lawn. A faint smell of roses perfumed the warm summer air. 
“Da, this is Miss Lily.” Jenna introduced us. 
Mr. Fitzgibbon eyes sparkled with good humor. “Well is it now. I’m sure your mum is right glad to have you here.”  He turned toward his daughter, “Jenna, I think Simon will be needing some help. Perhaps Miss Lily would like to go with ye and see the wee beasties.”
“Beasties?” I asked nervously. I didn’t have much experience with animals. They didn’t allow pets in our apartment building and living in the city most of my wild animal experience was limited to an occasional lizard or cockroach. Visiting wild beasts didn’t sound like something I should be involved with. 
Jenna laughed. “That’s just my Da’s way. He means the horses. He likes put on Scottish airs every now and again. He’s got a wee bit o’ Scot in him, does me Da.” She said this last part in what I guessed was an imitation of a Scottish brogue.
Her father laughed good-naturedly. “Off with ye lass, before I give ye the hiding ye so richly deserve.”  He rolled his R’s ominously, so that it ‘richly deserve” came out sounding like like “rrrrrichly deserrrrrve.”
Jenna giggled, completely unafraid. She gave him a kiss on the cheek and we headed off to find the beasties of Brynmoor. 
The stable was located on the west side of the grounds. It was a bit of a hike to get there. I guess the down side of being fabulously wealthy and living in a mansion is that you have to walk a lot to get anywhere in your backyard. 
We passed a glass building that Jenna called the orangery and took a short cut through the orchard. As we walked under the apple trees, my half-remembered dream from the night before tugged at the corners of my mind. I brushed it aside and hurried after Jenna.  
After skirting a white-fenced pasture, we finally found the long, narrow building that housed the horses. 
“There’s Simon,” Jenna pointed.  
I have to admit that there is something about a big strong guy wearing muddy work boots and jeans that I find irresistible. I gave Simon the once over and could feel my interest rise as he walked toward us. He carried two plastic buckets filled with something. I couldn’t help but notice the way his arm muscles bulged  as he approached us. I also noticed, a bit nervously, a very large shaggy black dog following behind him. 
Jenna hurried over toward her brother. When Simon caught sight of us, he rested the buckets on the ground and straightened up, grinning. “You’ve timed things perfectly.” He called out to Jenna.  “You can finish mucking the stalls.” 
Jenna made a face. “I am already engaged.” She sniffed. “I’m giving a tour of the grounds.” 
“Well and good. Then you can give a tour of the inside of the stables and demonstrate how to use a rake.” Simon gestured toward a small shed filled with tools, “It’s your turn.”
Jenna stuck out her tongue at Simon. “Come on then,” Jenna said. “I’ll show you the horses.”  She grabbed a wheelbarrow and a rake. Laying the rake across the top of the wheelbarrow, she pushed it toward the stables. “I can take you back to the manor house or if you want you can keep me company and tell me all about the beaches in California while I work. That way I can pretend I’m on vacation instead of mucking out stalls.”  She said grinning impishly at me.
“Just make sure you’re not too busy lying on the beach to remember to fill the water buckets, too.” Simon said good naturedly. He nodded toward me, picked up the two buckets and disappeared around the corner of the building.
“Usually I don’t have to do this. But Old Joseph, who manages the stables for Sir Richard, has a broken leg. He’s dossing with his sister, until his leg heals. So I have to help Simon until Old Joseph is up and about again. Poor bloke. Broke his leg in three places. He’s in a wheelchair, can’t get around much. My mum asked us to help out for a bit. Just til Old Joseph is back on his feet.. I do a bit around here, but Simon’s taken on most of the work. He’s at the Royal Veterinary College, so he works with old Joseph and Dr. Eames in the summer…”Jenna chatted nonstop, while I followed along. 
As we trundled through the stables, one of the horses hung its head over the doors of its stall. The other two seemed to be busy eating. I made sure to keep to the side of the stable farthest from the horses and their teeth. 
Jenna parked the wheelbarrow outside of one of the stalls. She opened the door and pushed a huge brown horse over to the side. The horse didn’t lift its head out of the grain bucket. It just kept munching its food while Jenna pushed and shoved it around until it moved out of the way. I stood back nervously. 
Because I live in a city, I haven’t spent a lot of time with horses. In fact if I add up all the minutes I’ve spent with horses, not counting a three minute pony ride I had when I was four years old, my total experience with horses would be--zero. So I wasn’t feeling very confident about the horse thing. 
“You can come in here with me if you want.” Jenna offered. She began raking horse poop into a pile near the door.
“I’m fine.” I said, taking a a step back. “I’d rather stay out here.”
“Suit yourself.  Right now, with the wedding and Old Joseph gone, Simon and I are exercising the horses. You know if you fancy a ride all you have to do is tell Simon when you want to go. He’ll saddle up one of the horses for you. It’s great fun. It almost makes mucking out the stalls worth it.” She wrinkled her nose at me.
“Uh. Thanks for the offer, but I don’t really have much experience with horses. I come from Los Angeles. We spend most of our time in riding in our cars, not riding on horseback.” 
Jenna looked up.  “You should give it go. It’s easy.You just need a lesson or two.”
I looked at the huge beast next to Jenna. “I don’t know.”.”
Jenna flashed me a brilliant smile. “Oh. You’d be right as rain if Simon gave you a quick lesson. He’s a great teacher and he’s uncommonly good with animals.”
“I don’t know, Jenna. I don’t have a lot of experience with animals. I’ve never even had a pet, well except for the  the pet goldfish I had in 3rd grade. And even that didn’t work out so well. I had to flush him down the toilet.”
Jenna laughed. “Oh, horses are much easier to ride than goldfish.”
I gave her a weak smile. “That’s a good point. I’ll keep that in mind.” 
I watched Jenna load the horse manure into the wheelbarrow. She moved on to the next horse stall. I started thinking that maybe I didn’t want to spend the next hour watching someone shovel horse poop.
“Ah, Jenna, thanks for the tour, and everything. But I think I’ll just wander around on my own now.”
Jenna gave me a grin. “I don’t blame you.” She held up a rake full of manure and wrinkled her nose again. 
As I hurried out of the stables, the big shaggy black dog that I had seen following Simon trotted up to me. He pushed his head against my knees. “Go away,” I said.  He kept butting me with his head, herding me backwards. I tried to back away from him but he wouldn’t stop. I became a little flustered and turned to hurry away from him in the other direction, but instead if escaping from the dog I ended up colliding with the very solid form of Simon. I bounced off of Simon and landed on my rear in a pile of you know what.  
“Shame on you, Pip. Have you no manners?” Simon scolded the dog.
The big black dog sat next to me panting and thumping his tail on the ground. He did not look the least bit sorry. In fact, Pip nudged me again. 
“He’s a herding dog, likes to keep in practice. Don’t you lad?” Simon ruffled the dog’s ears affectionately. 
“Could you call him off?” I stammered. I could feel my face and neck getting hot. I knew I was blushing. It’s hard not to be embarrassed when you are sitting in a pile of horse poop in front of a good-looking guy and his dog is drooling all over you. 
“Pip? Oh, he doesn’t mean any harm. He’s just trying to be friendly.” “Well, I don’t think it’s very friendly andyou should train him to stop doing things like that. It’s not very…..nice.”I finished lamely. The stupid dog, looking very pleased with himself kept panting in my face.
 “He gave you a bit of a scare, did he? Sorry about that. Pip heel.” Pip obediently left me and trotted over to Simon. “Pip stay.” Simon said, before walking over to me and helping me. 
Up close Simon was even taller than I thought. He made me feel small. His hands were large and calloused, but his touch was gentle. He had the hands of someone who cared for animals. I felt myself blushing again.
“Thanks,” I said letting go of his hand and dusting off my jeans.  “I’m just going to go back to the house.” “I suppose you don’t want Pip to keep you company,” Simon offered with a grin.. 
“No thank you. I can find my own way.”  I told him with as much dignity as I could. Though I’m not sure how much dignity a person has her butt is covered in horse manure.

My mother and I had tea in the gold drawing room at five o’clock. Mrs. Fitzgibbon brought in a tray of sandwiches and cookies, which she called biscuits, a pot of tea, two cream colored cups and matching saucers. 
“Well, now I know I’m in England,” I told my mom.
“Why is that?” She asked.
“Because we are having tea. When do we ever have tea in L.A.?”
My mother smiled gaily. “Oh, yes. Tea is a very important ritual around here.  Since we won’t eat until 8 o’clock or so, tea keeps everyone going until dinner. Besides, it usually starts clouding over about now.” She paused glancing out the window. “We’ll probably get some rain this evening.”
I looked out the windows also. She was right. Gray rain clouds had softened the afternoon sunshine. The garden was bathed in a grey light which saturated the pinks, purples and lavenders of the flower beds making them look like an oil painting. My mother and I enjoyed the view for a few minutes while we sipped our tea.
 “Did you have a nice afternoon?” My mother asked.
“Not bad. Though, I did have an up close and personal encounter with horse poop.”
My mom laughed while she sipped her tea. 
“Plus I’m not sure I can find my room by myself without a GPS.” 
“Don’t worry about that. You get used to it pretty quickly. Besides we only use a few of the rooms.” 
We talked for a bit about this and that. My mom told me all about her plans for the wedding reception. She was really excited, but I started feeling really tired. I started yawning n between bites of my cucumber sandwich .“Looks like your jet lag is catching up with you, sweetheart. Why don’t you head up to bed?  Richard won’t be home until later and you can probably use the rest.”
I nodded. I realized that I was exhausted and all I wanted to do was to go to sleep. I managed to find my bedroom and the bathroom with only one wrong turn. After brushing my teeth, I kicked off my shoes and crawled into bed. I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. I thought I would be too exhausted to dream. I was wrong. 

He was there, waiting for me. He sat on the ground, his back resting against an old tree stump. He wore a white shirt, black britches and boots. His dark hair was loose, just brushing the top of his collar. He watched me intently with his blazing blue eyes, but said nothing.
I could feel my heart begin to beat faster. 
He held out his hand to me.
I turned and fled. 


Chapter 3


At the first sign of daylight, I wandered down the main staircase and followed my instincts, using my sense of smell to sniff out breakfast. The scent of buttery croissants tickled my nose as I passed one of the rooms. I peeked in and was surprised to see Richard sitting on a small velvet sofa. He was drinking a cup of tea and reading some papers. He wore a pair of crescent-shaped reading glasses perched on the end of his nose. 
Richard looked a little surprised when I entered the room, but he smiled warmly over his glasses. “Ah. I see you are suffering from jet lag. I always have the same trouble when I travel.”
“Yeah. Jet lag and weird dreams.” 
“Well, I can offer you the proverbial English cure for both. Would you care for a cup of tea?” He asked, gesturing to the tea service that had been set out on a small table.
“That would be great. Thanks.” It was a bit chilly and the thought of something warm to drink sounded good, though I would have rather had a cup of hot chocolate or a cup of coffee. 
I sat down while Richard filled a teacup and placed it on a saucer for me. I watched him silently. He was nice-looking in a quiet, English, sort of way. 
“Do you always get up so early?’ I asked.
“Yes. I tend to be an early riser. I enjoy the peacefulness of the house in the morning. I like to take the time to put my diary in order. Today, I’m reviewing a few parliamentary papers.”
I looked at him quizzically. “You have a diary?” I asked.
“Of course. Though my assistant does quite a bit of my scheduling for me.”
“Oh.” I said, realizing belatedly that diary was another one of those English words that meant something very different in America. “You’re organizing your calendar.”
“Yes.” Richard smiled, handed me a cup and saucer and settled back into his seat. “Speaking of organizing, your mother seems to be getting on quite well with the wedding arrangements. Has she put you to work yet?”
“No. When it comes to planning events, Mom doesn’t usually trust the details of to anyone but herself.” I paused, taking a sip of my tea.Richard smiled and nodded. Sipping his tea, he changed the subject. “Hudson has been good enough to prepare some croissants this morning. Would you care for some?”
“Uhm. Sure. Thanks.” 
He offered me the basket of bread. We sipped our tea in companionable silence, while I nibbled my croissant. 
The nice thing about Richard is that he doesn’t feel like he needs to talk all the time. He’s a quiet guy. He’s not being rude or anything. I guess he just feels comfortable with silence. The other thing I like about Richard is that he isn’t condescending. He listens to people and seems to respect their opinions, even when he doesn’t agree with them. 
“I know you enjoy reading. Have you found the library yet?” He asked after a few minutes.
“Well, I passed through it on my tour with Jenna. But it was kind of fast. I didn’t really get a chance to look around much yesterday.”
“Well, perhaps I should take this opportunity to show you the library.” Richard offered, after finishing his tea.
“That would be great.” I told him enthusiastically. 

The library was a large narrow room with high ceilings and tall windows recessed into the walls. Heavy green curtains bordered the windows, held in place by braided gold tassels. Mahogany bookshelves covered one wall of the room and half-a dozen Persian rugs covered the parquet floor. A wheeled ladder rested against one of the bookshelves.  Comfortable reading chairs and small tables were scattered throughout the room. Two leather reading chairs and matching ottomans sat directly in front of an elaborate marble fireplace. It was easy to imagine sitting next to a glowing fire, with a good book and a cup of tea. 
“You may help yourself to any of the books that you find of interest. Just be sure to return them when you are done.”
I looked up and down the shelves. The number of books was a bit overwhelming. There must have been more than thousand. “Uhm. Do you use the Dewey decimal system?” I asked, not sure how I should start my search for a book.
 “No. Unfortunately, I’m afraid the majority the collection has not been computerized as of yet.” Sir Richard smiled wryly.We tend to embrace change very slowly in the countryside.” 
He tapped the top of the cabinet by the doorway. “I’m afraid that you will have to use our very old-fashioned card catalogue.” He pulled out one of the drawers of the chest. It was filled with cream colored cards. “Each card has the title, author and the approximate location of the book written on it. Here let me give you a brief demonstration. I think you’ll find the system archaic, but effective.”
He gave me a brief lesson on how to read the cryptic directions on each card. 
“As I said they are only approximate locations. But I believe you will find that searching is half the fun. You never know what you will find. Some of these books date back hundreds of years.”
“Do you mind if I look for something, now?” I asked. “I finished the book I was reading on the plane.” 
 “You may search to your heart’s content. I only ask should your search lead you to the upper shelves thatyou take care on the ladder. I will be in the study, if you need me. Enjoy.” 
After Richard left, I dove into the card catalog. It was like some kind of time capsule.The oldest cards, yellowed with age, were handwritten in flowery script with a fountain pen. Other cards looked like they had been typed by a typewriter. Newer cards had been generated with a computer. I quickly realized that the cards were not just organized by titles and authors. They were also cross referenced by subjects. I started at the back of the drawer marked A. I skimmed through the cards. Astronomy, Aristotle…not exactly what I was looking for. I also found the ABC Murders by Agatha Christie. That sounded more promising. Since I was living in an old-fashioned English manor house, I decided that an old-fashioned English murder mystery would be the perfect choice. 
The directions typed on the card read “South West corner, 7th shelf, right side.”  Okay shouldn’t be too hard, I reasoned. I was somewhat hindered by not knowing where the South West corner was, but there were only four corners and I figured I could just check the seventh shelf on all of them. 
I pushed the ladder to the corner nearest to me and went to work reading titles. I had been reading quietly for a couple of minutes when a loud thump almost made me lose my balance on the ladder. Startled I looked around.  A book lay on the floor. 
“How did that happen?” I asked out loud. I slowly climbed down the ladder and walked over to the book.  
It lay open on the floor. I picked it up and a passage from the book caught my eye:

I know that ghosts have wandered on earth. Be with me always—take any form—drive me mad! Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh God! It is unutterable! I cannot live without my life! I cannot live without my soul!  

Wow! I didn’t know the story, but it looked promising. 
The book itself was old. The green leather binding was worn, but its title still shown clearly, Wuthering Heights.  I could see the gap on the shelf where the book had been stored. I was confused as to how it could have fallen. Maybe when I pushed the ladder along the wall, the vibrations knocked it down.I know, it sounded lame, even to me, but I couldn’t come up with a better solution. 
“Well since you seem so bound and determined to be read,” I told the book, “I guess I’ll just have to take you with me.”
When I returned to the study, Sir Richard had disappeared and the energetic Mrs. Fitzgibbon had arrived. “If you’re ready for a proper breakfast, the food has been set out in the breakfast room.” She told me before bustling out of the room.

After only a couple of wrong turns, I managed to find the breakfast room.  I filled up on scrambled eggs, toast and jam, then wandered through the manor house looking for a comfortable place to curl up with my new book. I happened upon one of the sitting rooms and found just what I was looking for, a cozy-looking window seat. 
I settled myself on the plump blue cushions and opened my book. I quickly became absorbed into the story and began to read. After about an hour, my back started to get stiff. So, I closed the book and stretched.  I was thinking how much the man in my dream reminded me of the fierce brooding character of Heathcliff in my book, when I happened to look up. I was so startled that I almost fell off the window seat. The man from my dream was staring back at me.  
For a brief moment I thought I had fallen asleep again. I blinked. He was still there. Then I realized that I was looking at an oil painting. 
There was no doubt, it was him. He stared at me from within his heavy gilt frame. He wore the same red hunting jacket and leather boots. His glossy dark hair tumbled out from under a black hat. And his eyes….his eyes still looked at me with a burning intensity. There was something captivating about him, something that drew me to him. I could almost feel his presence. It was as if he were in the room with me. 
I glanced up at the portrait again then looked away abruptly. I needed to think logically. Did I visit this room on my tour with Jenna? Maybe I saw this painting earlier and my subconscious mind processed it, so that it showed up in my dream. I didn’t remember. But how else could I have dreamed about the man in the portrait? 
I was still sitting and staring at the painting, when Mrs. Fitzgibbon bustled in, two day maids trailing behind her. I vaguely heard her give the maids their instructions. She turned to me with a large smile, “Ah. Miss Lily, I see you’ve made the acquaintance of our very own Christian.’
“Christian?”  I asked, confused.“Didn’t your mum tell you? Christian is the ghost of Brynmoor. And quite a rascal he is, when he puts his mind to it.”  She chuckled.
I felt the blood drain from my face. “Ghost?” 
Mrs. Fitzgibbon looked at me with concern. “Oh, dear. I didn’t mean to frighten you. I shouldn’t have said anything.” 
‘Oh. I’m not afraid,” I said quickly. “I was just, you know, surprised. I don’t believe in ghosts, not really.”  I let my gaze drift back to the painting.Mrs. Fitzgibbon nodded her head. “Ah well, dear. It’s nothing really but a bit of fun. Nothing to trouble yourself about.”
“Oh, I’m not troubled. Really. I’m interested. I mean, how do you know that the man in the painting is a ghost?’
“Well.” She looked me over in a motherly way. I guess she wanted assure herself that I wasn’t going to faint or anything. I must have looked calm enough, because she continued. “As I said, it’s all just in fun.  Though, you’ll find no one willing to move that painting. That’s true enough.” 
“I don’t understand.”
“Ah well, I see my Jenna did not give you a proper tour of Brynmoor Manor, as she didn’t acquaint you with our very own ghost story.” 
Mrs. Fitzgibbon pointed to the painting. “That is a portrait of Christian Hulse. It was painted just before he died. He was heir to Brynmoor Manor. He looks to be a bit of  the devil’s own, doesn’t he.” She tilted her head, smiling at the portrait. “You’ll have noticed, I’m sure, that in all the rest of the portraits they all look like they’ve been eating sour apples. Not our Christian.” She pointed to the large oil painting. “He has a very mischievous smile, I find that I can’t help but like him, in spite of all the trouble he causes around here.”
I looked up at the portrait. The man in the portrait did seem to wear a half-mocking smile on his handsome face. “What happened to him?” I asked.
 “Oh. It’s a sad story. Some say he died in a riding accident. Some say it was murder. But however the young lord met his death, he died on the very same day they placed his portrait over the mantel.”
Mrs. Fitzgibbon shook her head sympathetically. “Quite tragic. So young. I always get the feeling that Christian was the best of that lot.” She laughed waving her hand to include some of the sour-apple relatives whose faces adorned several other paintings.
She glanced up at Christian’s portrait, again. “He’s a good one, though he does have his peculiarities. He wants to stay put in this house. No doubt about that.” Mrs. Fitzgibbon pursed her lips thoughtfully. “They say that anyone who moves his portrait from the house will also die. Even the day maids and painters won’t move that portrait.” She smiled at me. “It’s a bit daft, I know, but we country folk are a superstitious lot.”
I continued to stare at the painting. “Has anyone ever moved it?” I asked. 
“Oh yes. During the war, the American soldiers occupied Brynmoor and made it their headquarters. General Patton ordered the soldiers to remove all of the paintings and other decorations, so he could hang up his maps. The young soldier who was responsible for moving our Christian, he died that very same day. His jeep rolled over and he was killed. Poor boy.” Mrs. Fitzgibbon clucked sympathetically.  “I have heard that the painting was also moved in 1912 by the mistress of house. She didn’t like the painting and wanted to replace it with something more to her liking.”
“What happened to her?” I asked. 
‘Well, I don’t know the particulars, but she died. Child birth, I think.” She looked up at the portrait. “Just a coincidence, I’d say. But as you can see Christian has a permanent home here.” Her eyes flashed merrily. 
 “He’s really not that much trouble. When things go astray, we say that Christian is playing one of his games. When something falls off a shelf, or a tea tray overturns, poor Christian takes the brunt of the blame. I’ve grown quite fond of him. He’s really quite useful to have around. That way, I never have to blame myself for misplacing anything or being clumsy. I always lay the blame on our ghost’s high jinx. Well, I’ll leave you to your book then,” she said with a quick smile before leaving. 
I thought about the book jumping off the shelf in the library. Crossing the room, I picked up my copy of Wuthering Heights. Despite what Mrs. Fitzgibbon said, I wasn’t ready to dismiss the ghost stories as coincidence. I shivered. I wasn’t sure I believed in ghosts, but then again, I wasn’t sure that I didn’t. I looked thoughtfully at the portrait of Christian who smiled mockingly at me.


Chapter 4

I was still trying to make sense of how Christian ended up in my dream when my mother found me. 
“Oh, I see you’ve met our resident ghost?’ She said. 
“Mmm.” I answered vaguely, still pondering the oil painting.
“Simon says he can meet you at the stables at two for your riding lesson.”
 “My what?!?” 
“Your horseback riding lesson.” My mother smiled, calmly. “Which, by the way, I think is a great idea. I was wondering what you would do to amuse yourself this summer. How very clever of you to think of horse-back riding. It’s so English.”” 
I rolled my eyes. “Mom!  I did not decide to learn how to ride horses.” 
My mother opened her blue eyes very wide, “Well, why would Simon think that you want a riding lesson, if you didn’t suggest it?”
“I don’t know, Mom. Maybe because you suggested it.”
She laughed. “Oh Lily, it will be fun, something for you to do this summer. Does it really matter who made the suggestion?”
“Are you crazy! I could end up killing myself. Have you seen those horses? They’re huge!” 
“Don’t be so dramatic. I suspect Simon will pick out a nice gentle horse for you. Now let’s go talk about what you are going to wear to the wedding.” My mother tucked her arm in mine, and led me out of the sitting room.

After lunch, I tried to tame my wavy hair into some semblance of a braid, threw on my blue jeans, a pair of tennis shoes, which were the closest things I had to riding boots, and headed toward the stables.When I arrived at the stables, Simon was leading a brown horse outside. 
“Hullo! Are you ready to give it a go?” He asked cheerily. 
 The horse looked even bigger close up. “Pip. Pip and Cheerio.”  I told him glumly.
“You don’t sound very enthusiastic.”
“Look, I haven’t had much experience with this kind of thing. I’m not sure it’s such a good idea.” I glanced nervously at the brown horse, who eyed me with what I was sure was a spark of hostility.
Simon flashed his white teeth in a wide smile, giving me a quick glimpse of the Fitzgibbon dimples. “Jenna told me about your goldfish. Nothing to worry about, we’ll get you two acquainted first. After you and Posy are friends, then you can give it a go.”
He pulled a carrot out of his pocket and offered it to me. I looked at Simon dubiously. “You want me to feed this to that?” I asked. “What if she tries to bite off my hand or something?”
“She won’t. This is Posy. She is a good old girl. Hardly any teeth left.” He patted the horse on the neck affectionately. “She hasn’t chewed anyone’s fingers off in five or six years.” 
I narrowed my eyes at Simon. “You don’t need to make fun of me.” I told him huffily. 
Simon’s eyes were kind. “I wasn’t making fun of you. I was hoping to get you to laugh. Posy is as gentle as a kitten. She’s a great old girl.” He gave her another affectionate pat on the neck. Turning his palm up, he rubbed her muzzle. Posy made some sort of grunting sound which I assumed was the horse equivalent of a cat’s purring.
Simon showed me how to place the carrot flat on my hand. I held my palm out and nervously offered the carrot to Posy. Posy stretched her neck out twitching her mouth eagerly. I inched my hand forward very slowly. At the last minute, I chickened out and snatched my hand back. The carrot fell to the ground.  
Posy looked confused and I felt bad. Poor Posy probably thought I was teasing her. 
“Give it another go,” Simon encouraged me. 
I held my shaking hand out toward Posy. I closed my eyes and held my breath. Posy very gently took the carrot from my hand. I opened my eyes in surprise. “Her whiskers tickle.” I turned to Simon. “I didn’t think that her mouth would be so soft.”
Simon nodded approvingly. 
Simon showed me how to brush Posy. As I brushed her soft fur, I began to feel more comfortable. I helped Simon put the saddle and bridle on her. He handed me a helmet covered in black velvet.
“What is this for?” I asked. 
“Safety. Everyone wears one.”
“Great.” I sighed and fastened the strap of the hardhat under my chin while I looked doubtfully at my horse. “You’re not going to throw me on my head are you?” I asked her. Posy didn’t reply. 
“Ready?” Simon asked.
“I guess so.”. 
“All right then! Up you go!” Simon gave me leg up into the saddle. 
I perched on the saddle, my feet dangling. I sat very still, waiting for something. I don’t know what. I felt unstable and a little dizzy, probably because my heart was beating a million miles a minute.
Simon, leaned toward me and whispered, “The most important thing to remember when you are riding a horse is to breathe.” 
I hadn’t even realized that I was holding my breath. I let it out with a half-panicked laugh. “I guess I’m a little tense.”
“Just focus on your breath.”
“Is this like some horse-yoga thing?” I asked.
Simon looked perplexed. “Yoga?  Oh right. You are from California. Yoga, granola, wind chimes. I forgot.” He smiled at me. “No, it’s not a yoga-thing. It’s an animal thing,” he explained. “Animals can feel if you are tense or upset. So when you approach an animal, it’s best to breathe slow and easy and keep yourself calm. It keeps them from becoming skittish.” 
I nodded my head, breathing deep, calming breaths. 
Simon walked around Posy, adjusting straps and placing my feet in the stirrups.  He showed me how to hold the reins. Then he led Posy (and me) to the fenced paddock. He opened the gate and let go of the bridle. Posy continued ambling forward. “Are you still breathing?” Simon asked. 
“Very funny.”  I told him. 
Posy and I walked around the paddock. After a couple of revolutions around the fenced enclosure, my lesson started. Simon gave instructions for steering, stopping, and even trotting.  I was pretty pleased with myself. Posy and I were learning to work together as a team. 
I was so caught up with my lesson that I hadn’t noticed the weather was changing.  I looked up, surprised, when a fat wet raindrop landed on me. 
“Time to call it a day,” Simon said cheerily. “Feel up to riding her back to the barn by yourself?”
I nodded happily. I was quite impressed with my new found skills as a horsewoman. Learning to ride wasn’t nearly as difficult as I thought it would be.  I was feeling quite confident as we trotted back to the stables in the rain, maybe a little too confident.
By the time we reached the stables it was pouring. Posy and I were drenched. I hurriedly tried to slide off the saddle, but my foot got tangled up with one of the stirrups. I tried to kick my foot free, but I was too late. I landed on my rear in the mud.
Gales of childish laughter erupted from the stable, while Posy nonchalantly walked into the dry barn. Three young boys, one with freckles and red hair, were laughing and pointing at me from the doorway of the stables. 
I picked myself up, just as Simon approached. 
He raised one eyebrow at my muddy clothes. “I guess I should have given you the lesson on dismounting before you tried it.”
The three young boys continued to giggle. “You should have seen her Simon,” one of them yelled. They reproduced my mud slipping act for him. This sent them into gales of laughter again.
Simon tried to hide the smile that twitched at the corners of his mouth. “Get on with you Charlie, before I put you and your mates to work!” 
Still laughing, the three boys ran off. 
“That’s just Charlie and a couple of his mates. They’re just having a bit of fun.” Simon offered by way of apology. 
 “Well, if I wasn’t so cold, wet and muddy, I probably would have laughed at myself, too.”
“That’s a good sport. Why don’t you go on back to Brynmoor and clean up, I’ll take care of Posy.”
“Thanks.” I liked the way his eyes crinkled at the corners when he smiled.
“Do you want to give it another go tomorrow?” He asked.
I shrugged my shoulders. “Sure.Why not?”  
I squelched my way back to Brynmoor and poured myself into a hot shower. After which, I enjoyed afternoon tea with my mother and regaled her with my riding exploits.  I made it to dinner, but since I was still trying to switch my internal clock to English time, I could barely keep my eyes open throughout the meal. I excused myself early and crawled into bed. Once again, I dreamed I was walking in the orchard. 

He stood with his back to me. A slight breeze ruffled his dark hair. 
“Breathe,” I told myself as I tried to calm my palpitating heart. 
“Christian?” I whispered, hesitating. 
He leapt to his feet and rushed toward me, crying out passionately, “Lily! Lily!”   
 I stepped back, but he caught me up in his arms and crushed me against his chest, brushing my hair with his lips.
When he released me, I fought to catch my breath. 
Christian smiled broadly, happiness radiating out of him like sunlight. 
I stepped back and stood looking at him silently. 
“Is something troubling you, Lily?’ 
I hesitated. 
“Lily? Is something troubling you?” His dark eyebrows drawing  together. 
“I’m sorry it’s just….” I paused… “I’m not really sure why you are in my dream.”
“Lily!” He cried out my name. The sound was so full of anguish and pain, I felt as though a knife had cut through my heart. “Lily!” He cried again.  “I have come for you. Now, you must find your way to me! You must!” 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered.
He held me close to him. This time I didn’t pull back. He whispered fiercely, “I will help you. You will remember!” 
Tilting my chin with his hand, he grazed his lips against mine.
 I began to tremble. 
“I can help you remember, but you must not fight me. You must allow me to help you.” He looked at me, his blazing blue eyes stealing into my mind, unlocking closed doors. “Let me in, Lily!” He whispered urgently. “Let me in!” 
Once again his lips found mine, causing my resistance to melt. I could think of nothing but how wonderful and frightening it felt to be kissed by him. 

I woke up for the third night, with my heart  thrashing against my ribs like afrightened bird  trying to escape a cage.. At least this time, I knew who was invading my dreams, the sound of Christian’s voice echoed in my ears. I turned on the lamp and willed my heart to slow down. I focused on breathing slowly and deeply.  I looked at the clock. It was 4 a.m. and I was wide awake. 
I wasn’t sure why I kept dreaming about the ghost of Brynmoor. But I did know that I wasn’t going back to sleep anytime soon. 
Picking up my copy of Wuthering Heights, I thought I would read but I found that I had a hard time focusing on the words. Instead, I leafed through the pages of the book without paying attention to them, trying to figure out what my subconscious was telling me in my strange dreams. 
As I rifled through the pages, a small square of cream colored paper came loose from the book and drifted onto my lap. I picked it up curiously. On it someone had written in old-fashioned script, “Please come as quickly as you can!” The paper was signed with the letter L. I turned the paper over several times, hoping to find a clue to the author. There was nothing else written on the note, but
I found an inscription on the flyleaf. It was written in faded ink. The handwriting looked very similar to the handwriting on the small note. Both had been written with an old-fashioned fountain pen. I turned the book toward the light so that I could read it.

April 17, 1851

For Christian, 
To another whose gentlemanly virtues serve only to cloak his fierce and passionate nature. 
                       Lily

I read the inscription several times.  My hand started shaking.I tried to think. Had I seen this inscription before? Is that why I was dreaming of Christian? Was my subconscious mind playing tricks on me? WasIhaving some sort of nervous breakdown?
How could I explain my strange dreams and this message? A thought bubbled up in my mind, but I quickly pushed it away. As I stared at the inscription in the book, I kept trying to think of some logical explanation for my wild dreams. I didn’t have any answers. My thoughts kept returning to Christian and the idea that I was being haunted by his ghost. But that was crazy. Wasn’t it?
I didn’t believe in ghosts. I told myself there was no such thing as ghosts. But how else could I explain this, unless I was being haunted by the ghost of Brynmoor? I shook my head. No. It wasn’t possible. Ghosts were make-believe. They didn’t exist. But even as I told myself that, I heard Christian’s voice again, echoing in my head, “You will remember!”  
I slept late the next morning because I had stayed up reading Wuthering Heights, eventually falling asleep with the book in my hands. Of course I had another dream. I dreamed about the characters from my book running across the moors as children. Then my dream changed and it was Christian and I who were scampering about the fields of Brynmoor, instead of the characters of Heathcliff and Catherine. 

We climbed the apple trees in the orchard, burrowed in the haystacks, and whispered childish secrets to each other, laughing and holding hands as we skipped along the green fields. 
We were walking through one of the fields, when another boy approached. He called me a papist. I didn’t know what it meant, but I knew by the way he said it, that it was something bad and ugly. He picked up a rock and threw it at me. I began to cry. Christian launched himself at my attacker, in spite of the fact that the other boy was much older and bigger. They started fighting. I screamed for them to stop. Christian was getting beaten.  After the other boy left, I ran to Christian and helped him up. His face was bruised and his lip was cut and bleeding. I started crying again. 
“Don’t cry, Lily,” he said. He held my hand as we walked back to Brynmoor Manor. His hand felt warm and comforting. 
 
It didn’t make any sense or maybe I was crazy, but the idea of dreaming about a ghost didn’t seem so strange, at least in the morning. It probably didn’t hurt that I woke up wrapped in the glow of love and comfort,  instead of with my heart pounding in fear. 
While I had been frightened during part of this last dream, I had been afraid that Christian was going to be hurt defending me. I was no longer afraid that he was going to hurt me. It seemed that he was making an effort to make sure that he didn’t frighten me again. 
I guess I should have been worried, but I wasn’t. Somehow I knew that the ghost I was channeling in my dreams was a friendly ghost, kind of like Casper. Although he was definitely more flesh and blood than Looney Tunes. My lips curled in a dreamy smile as the image of his dazzling blue eyes and dark curling hair came to mind. I sighed. I was pretty sure that he wasn’t going to make me a zombie or kill me or anything. How could anyone who looked that good, do anything bad? I now knew what Lily had meant when she wrote about his fierce and passionate nature. The force of his emotions had drawn me to him like a moth to a flame. I shivered with the memory. Whether or not he was a ghost, Christian was impossible to resist. So after thinking things over, I decided I was okay with having a really hot ghost haunt me.  What I didn’t  understand was why he had chosen me. Maybe he was confusing me with the other Lily. Or maybe he needed my help. From what I knew about ghosts which, to be honest wasn’t very much, it seemed that the dead came back because they had unfinished business or they needed some kind of help from the living. If that was the case, then I needed to figure out what Christian needed me to do for him, but in order to do that I needed to know more about him.
I decided to start  by doing some research and preparing myself for my next ghostly visitation. I wasn’t sure where to start my investigations but I hopped out of bed,, ready for action.
Unlike the previous two days, which had dawned bright and sunny, today was overcast and drizzly. I changed into jeans and a sweatshirt and padded down to the kitchen, sniffing the air appreciatively. 
“Coffee!” I yelped. 
My mom looked up from her laptop and smiled. 
“Wow. I didn’t think they served coffee here. Every time I turn around someone is offering me a ‘cuppa’ tea,” I said, breathing in the aroma of the coffee and giving her a peck on the cheek. “I’ve drunk more tea in two days than I have in the last two years. How did you manage coffee this morning?” I asked.
I simply explained to Mrs. Fitzgerald that I am an American. And frankly, a cup of tea in the morning, no matter how lovely, is simply not enough to get me powered up for the day.”
“Any chance, this other American can get a cup?” I asked. “I didn’t get very  much sleep last night. I can’t seem to get adjusted to the time change.”
“It does take a few days.. Have a seat.” My mom pushed some papers aside and stood up. “I know we should be eating in the breakfast room, but I love this cozy kitchen. The staff are quite scandalized.” She grinned. “But I suppose that’s what comes from marrying an American.” She took a mug out of the cupboard and filled it with coffee from the coffee pot. She added two spoonfuls of sugar and a dollop of milk to it. Just the way I like it.
“Wow! I can’t believe it.You even have Starbuck-sized mugs.”.” I sipped my coffee appreciatively, wrapping my hands around the mug to warm them. 
My mom laughed. “I had to go out and buy some coffee mugs. The teacups they use are just too small for my morning caffeine fix.” My mom clicked away at her keyboard while I drank my coffee.
I peered over my mug of coffee. “So Mom, what do you know about the ghost?”
My mom’s fingers kept clacking on her keyboard. “Hmm. Ghost? Not much. You’re not worried about ghosts are you? She looked up and smiled. “I thought you’d be too old for that sort of thing.”
“No. I’m not worried.” I tried to look like it was not a big deal that I had some ghost invading my dreams. “I’m just curious, that’s all.  I’ve never stayed in a haunted house before.”
“Hmmm.” My mom went back to typing on her computer.
“So, um, have you seen anything out of the ordinary while you’ve been here?” I asked her. 
“You mean like pots flying around the room and misty apparitions floating down the stairs?” My mom smiled at me. 
“Umm. Yeah. I guess. Though when you put it that way, it does sound kind of dumb.”
My mom stretched her hand toward mine and gave me a little pat. “Well, I wouldn’t put too much faith in having any supernatural experiences this summer. I don’t believe in ghosts. I think people like to make up stories about loved ones who have died in order to hold on to them. Then over time, the stories take on a life of their own.” She paused. “Instead of worrying about ghosts, why don’t you concentrate on learning to ride horses instead.” My mother looked at me expectantly. 
I decided that telling my mom about my haunted dreams wasn’t going to go over well. “Sure, Mom...So, is everything set for the big wedding?” I asked, changing the subject. 
“Seems like it.”  She sighed. “I’m just trying to catch up on some work this morning. Even though I’m on a leave of absence, there are a few details that I need to check on. How about if we plan on heading out to the village today or tomorrow?”
I looked out the window. Gray clouds hovered menacingly overhead. “I don’t know. The weather doesn’t look too promising.”
My mom laughed. “This is good weather for England.”
“Oh, yeah. Right. I guess we’re not in California anymore. Well, at least you won’t have to nag me about putting on my sunscreen this summer.”
. “Well, we may not get that much sun, but England does have its own special charms. How about horse-back riding?”
“Yeah. That certainly was special all right,” I said thinking of my muddy dismount after my lesson. 
We sipped our coffee. I looked out the window and thought about my ghost while my mom worked. 

“Hey Mom,” I said after a few minute, “Can I borrow your lap top and check in with my friends when you’re done,” I asked. 
“You can do that right now,” She said, smiling. “I need a break anyway.” 
My mom clicked a few buttons and pushed her computer toward me. “It’s all yours. I’m going to see what Richard is up to today.”  She drifted out of the kitchen with a smile on her face and a steaming mug of coffee in her hands. 
As soon as she left, I googled supernatural and supernatural visitations. I must have had a million hits. Most of information on the internet was from psychics offering to help people contact dead relatives. I certainly didn’t need any help in that department. I was already in contact with a dead person. After surfing the net for few minutes, I gave up. There was too much weird stuff out there.
I guess I could have sifted through the information, but I didn’t want my mom to walk in on me and see what I was doing. Since I didn’t have my own laptop with me, I realized that I was going to have to confine myself to local sources. I decided that the first step would be to find out everything I could about Christian and Lily. 


Chapter 5

I ate a leisurely breakfast, eventually wandering over to the stables to check on Posy. I hoped to see Simon or Jenna and find out if they knew anything about my ghost. I really wanted to check with Sir Richard, but I thought I should wait until later when my mom wasn’t around. I didn’t want her to think I was freaking out about ghosts or anything like that. 
Simon was in the back of a pick up truck loading bales of hay into a shed. I watched quietly for a few minutes, admiring the way the muscles in his arms and shoulders flexed as he tossed the hay bales. I would have kept watching, but his rotten dog caught site of me and started yipping and thumping his tail. 
Simon stopped and wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of a gloved hand. “What’s gotten into you, Pip?” 
Pip ran over to me and started pushing me with his nose again.  I tried to push him away. He though we were playing a game and pushed back, barking excitedly the whole time. 
Simon climbed down from the pick up truck, laughing at the two of us pushing and shoving each other.
“Could you call your dog off, please? I asked. 
“Pip. Heel.” Pip immediately wheeled around and went to Simon. He sat down on his haunches looking expectantly up at Simon and giving him a big doggy grin.
I wiped dog saliva off of my hands on the front of my jeans. “What is with your dog?” I asked irritably. 
Simon grinned. “I think he likes you.”
“Great.” I muttered. 
Pip thumped his tail. 
Simon took off his work gloves and laid them on a bale of hay. “What brings you out here?” He asked.
“Well, I’m here, partly because I was bored and partly because we didn’t decide when I would have my next riding lesson.”
“I see. You are an eager student.” Simon smiled, giving me a glimpse of those devastating Fitzgibbon dimples. “I’ll be finishing up about two or so, we can give it a go then.” He squinted up at the gray clouds, “Though I can’t promise that you’ll stay dry.”
“I don’t mind.”
Simon looked at me doubtfully.
“Okay, I mind, but I’ve got a rain coat and if I’m going to learn to ride horses in England, I’d better learn to ride in the rain and mud. Right?”
“Alright then, 2 o’clock.” Simon said, grinning widely at me. He put his gloves back on and climbed back into the truck. 
“Do you mind if I hang out awhile?” I asked. 
“Suit yourself. Jenna’s in the barn. You can visit with her.” Simon answered, his eyes twinkling, “Though might want to try and avoid the mud and manure, this time.”
“Very funny.”
I realized that I had gotten a little sidetracked with Simon, but I figured he probably wasn’t a good source of information anyway. Besides, I already knew who was the chatterbox in the Fitzgibbon family. Jenna would tell me everything she knew and then some.
I found Jenna loading a wheelbarrow with clean shavings.
“Do you have to clean out the manure everyday?” I asked.
“She looked up at me and smiled. “Not usually. But since we’ve taken on Old Joseph’s job, I try to do my bit. I’m helping out Simon because he’s still trying to make the morning rounds with Dr. Eames. Which doesn’t leave him a lot of extra time. 50 pounds of manure a day, per horse, really piles up if you don’t stay on top of it. If you take my meaning.” She grinned. 
I made a face at her. 
“Actually, it’s not that bad. Plus I get to ride whenever I want.”
“You want some help?” I asked, not because I was thrilled about horse manure, but because I wanted to pick Jenna’s brain about the ghost of Brynmoor and I hoped that helping her might be a good way to get her talking.
“You want to help me with this?” Jenna laughed.  
“Sure, why not?” I said in what I hoped was a confident horsey-kind-of-way as I peered nervously into the stall. 
“Don’t worry, Simon turned the horses loose in the paddock. Here.” She handed me a rake. “I’ll shovel the wet shavings and manure out of the stalls and you can spread the new shavings around with the rake. There’s an extra pair of gloves by the shed.”
I found the gloves and got to work. After dumping the wheelbarrow of fresh shavings in one of the stalls, I prompted Jenna. “So Jenna, your mom told me that I should ask you about the ghost of Brynmoor, you know the guy in the painting.” It wasn’t exactly true, but it was close enough.
“Oh. It’s a great story. Did my mum tell you about the curse?”
 That was all it took. I asked a few questions, but pretty much Jenna talked non-stop while we shoveled and raked. She knew quite a bit about Christian. According to Jenna, he had died after being thrown from a horse. The story was that he was riding at night on his way home to Brynmoor, when a terrible storm hit. He never arrived. The next morning, the servants found the horse, wet and cold, still saddled wandering the grounds of Brynmoor, but there was no rider. They sent out a search party who found his body and brought it back to the manor house. 
“What was he doing? Where was he going?”
 Jenna shrugged. “No one knows. It was all very mysterious.” 
Well maybe no one else knew why Christian was out riding in a storm, but I was pretty sure, I knew. Lily’s words from the note she’d written to Christian flashed in my mind, “Please come!”

My afternoon riding lesson was definitely wet. However, Posy and I made great progress slogging through the mud and drizzle. Simon nodded approvingly. He told me that after one more lesson I would be trail safe, as long as I had a companion. He praised  my riding skills and to my annoyance, I felt myself blushing. I bent low over Posy’s neck and patted her, so Simon wouldn’t see.
After my lesson and after I had regained my composure, I helped Simon rub down Posy with an old towel. “Jenna says you’re studying veterinary science at the university.”
Simon nodded. 
“So have you always wanted to work with animals?’ I asked.
“Since as long as I can remember.” Simon said. “I used to follow Doc Eames around when I was young, maybe seven or eight. Made a real nuisance of myself, tagging along after him when he would come to Brynmoor. Finally, he started putting me to work. Then, when my Da saw how it was, he let me go with Doc Eames on his rounds. Got to be that whenever the Doc had a job in the area, he would pop round to our house first. He used to joke and say I was the best assistant he ever had, and the cheapest. He paid me in chocolate bars.”  Simon grinned at the memory. 
“Wow, I don’t even know what colleges I’m going to apply to next year. I can’t even imagine what I’m going to study or do after that.”
“You’re still a bit young. I’m sure you’ll find something.”
“I’m not that young! I huffed. “I’m seventeen!” 
Simon raised one eyebrow. “Ah well. Then you have time to decide. You’ll not be going to the old pensioner’s home for another year or two.”  He joked.
Just then, Jenna bounced into the stables. “Simon, come on then. I’ve been waiting.” She turned to me, surprised to find me still hanging around the stable. “Oh, Hullo Lily. How did your lesson go?”
 “Jolly good, I’d say,” I replied in my best English accent.
Simon and Jenna both chuckled. 
Jenna turned her attention back to Simon.“How much longer?” She demanded.  
“Give over, Jenna.” He laughed. “Five minutes. I promise.”
“Not a minute more!” She scolded him, hurrying out of the barn. 
I helped Simon collect the horses brushes and towels. “Um. So where are you guys going?’ I asked.
Simon closed the shed door. “Down to the local.” 
“The local?”
“Yeah. The pub.” 
“Oh. Right. The pub. I think I saw it when I drove in.” I waited a half-second, hoping that he would invite me to tag along. The half-second stretched out a full second, but he still didn’t offer. “Well, have fun.” I said  a small lump of disappointment forming in the back of my throat. 
“Right-O.” He winked at me. “Tomorrow?”
“No. I can’t. I’m doing something with my mother. I’ll let you know. Maybe the day after.”
He nodded.  I watched him walk toward the Fitzgibbon cottage, his long smooth strides leaving me behind. 
I stomped toward Brynmoor, my thoughts as dark as the clouds overhead.  “Great!” I thought to myself.It looked likemy only hope for a social life this summer was some guy who’d been dead 150 years,and he only showed up in my dreams!
Richard, my mother, and I had a quiet dinner in the formal dining room. Hudson, Richard’s “man,” served the dinner that Mrs. Fitzgibbon had left for us. Since I wasn’t falling asleep on my feet with jet lag. I took time to look around the room. I suspected it looked just like it did when Christian was alive. It was filled with dark wood and old furniture. I felt like I was eating in a museum.  Rich crimson velvet drapes covered the windows and oil paintings of the English countryside covered the walls. The three of us sat at one end of a long table of dark gleaming wood in a room that was obviously meant to seat many more people. The crystal chandelier and fireplace cast a soft warm glow, but the room still felt cold and empty. Of course, the fact that I was in a bad mood might have had something to do with how cold and empty the room felt.
I toyed with my food, thinking about Simon and Jenna laughing and joking with their friends, while I sat listening to classical music with my mom and Sir Richard. If I had been in L.A., I’d probably be hanging out at Juanita’s Taco Shop or watching a movie with my friends. Things weren’t looking too good in terms of summer fun in Merry Olde England.
“Didn’t your riding lesson go well, sweetheart?” My mother asked.
“It was fine.” I sighed.
She looked at Richard. “Is something bothering you?” She asked me.
“What makes you think that?”
“Well, the fact that you haven’t eaten any thing and keep and sighing every few minutes is a little bit of a give away.”
“It’s not a big deal. I’m just a little, I don’t know.” I shrugged my shoulders. “I was hoping that Simon and Jenna would invite me to go out with them, but...” I sighed. “It doesn’t matter.”
Richard looked up. “I am certain it has nothing to do with you. They might not feel that it is appropriate to invite you along.”
“Why would they think that?” I asked.
“As they are employees, they may not feel that it is appropriate. If you would like to go to the pub, I would be more than happy to speak with them.”
I looked at Richard in horror. “You mean order them to be my friends as part of their job? No, thanks!”
Richard looked confused. “I wasn’t going to do anything like that, Lily. I was just going to suggest that they take you sight-seeing. I know we are a trifle bit isolated at Brynmoor.” 
“No thank you,” I said stiffly. “That would be totally awkward.”“I know.” My mother interjected brightly, “Lily, didn’t you want to know about the ghost?” She looked at Richard. “I’m sure Richard can fill you in on some of the details. After all he is a distant relative of yours, isn’t he Richard?”
Richard looked relieved and nodded. “Yes. If you are interested Lily, I can give you a brief history lesson about our ghost Christian Hulse, heir apparent of Brynmoor. 
“Heir apparent?” I asked. “I thought he owned Brynmoor.”
“Well, he would have, if he hadn’t died. He was the oldest son, so he would have inherited upon his father’s death. Unfortunately, he died before he could assume the title and inherit Brynmoor Manor.”
“Oh.”
“Of course, I don’t want to bore you.”
“Oh, you wouldn’t be boring me. I’m really very interested.” I told him, eager for information.
Richard’s eyes twinkled. “Well the story begins in the 17th Century…”
What followed was a long, and I mean long, history of fathers, sons, uncles and nephews, and people dying and inheriting which eventually ended with Richard happily taking ownership of Brynmoor. Apparently, only sons inherited titles and lands in England. Richard did not mention any sisters or daughters.
“Did Christian have a fiancée?” I asked. “I was wondering about a girl named Lily who might have known Christian.”
Richard and my mother both looked at me, surprised. 
“I found a note written in the back of that book I borrowed from the library,” I explained. “It was written to Christian and signed from someone named Lily. It made me curious.”
“How very intriguing.” Sir Richard said, smiling. “I would very much like to have a look at it, when you are finished with the book. Researching my family history. is a bit of hobby with me. As to Lily, well, I can’t be certain, but she may have been his cousin.”
“Christian’s cousin?”
“Yes. Though perhaps it would be more accurate to call her a half-cousin or a step-cousin. She was the daughter of his father’s half-sister, Elizabeth. The family story is that Elizabeth was involved in a scandalous love affair. Apparently running off with a Spaniard and converting to Roman Catholicism against her parent’s wishes. After several years of living in Spain, she returned home with a daughter. She and her daughter lived here for quite a few years, until Elizabeth died. Perhaps her daughter was your Lily.”
I felt a tremor of excitement. “Do you know the name of the daughter?”
“I don’t recall. I do know it was something very Spanish sounding. However, Lily might have been her pet name.”
I had found Lily. There was no doubt in my mind. The little dark-haired girl I saw in my dreams last night was Christian’s cousin. Now I just needed to find out what happened to her. 

                      That night I dreamed about Christian again.

 There was to be a grand ball at Brynmoor and for the first time I was going to attend. I wore a pale green gown of heavy satin that swished enticingly when I walked. It had a low neck and a fitted bodice embroidered with dozens of delicate pink roses. Lace trimmed the puffed sleeves. My unruly hair had been tamed and coiled into a sophisticated hairstyle at the back of my neck and, pinned in place with a pink rose. Loose tendrils of dark hair curled about my face. 
My stomach fluttered with nervous excitement. I was going to attend my first dance.  I hesitated at the top of the stairwell leading to the Great Hall, trying to calm myself. 
 I took a deep breath and saw that Christian was waiting for me below. His blue eyes open wide in surprise at my grown-up appearance and I flushed with pleasure at his stare. I descended down the stairs slowly, savoring the way that his eyes glowed with approval at my appearance. 
He held out his arm for me. “May I have the pleasure of escorting you to the Grand Salon?” He asked. 
I smiled. The way that Christian looked at me made me feel beautiful. I did not trust my voice, so I nodded and rested my gloved hand on his arm. 
“Lily, you must allow me to have the first dance. Will you do me the honor of pledging your dance card?”
“Oh Christian, that is very gallant of you.”
“I am not behaving gallantly at all. Rather, I wish to ensure that you will not be monopolized by some other, while I stand aside in frustration.” 
I laughed, nervously. “You needn’t concern yourself with that. I doubt that there will be such a mad rush to fill my dance card.”
Christian looked at me in such a way that it made my heart beat faster. He leaned toward me and whispered, “You do yourself a disservice. You will be the belle of the ball tonight.” He took my dance card and signed his name with a flourish.  “I will claim the first and last dance of the ball.” 
We entered the Grand Salon. It had been transformed into a glowing magical place. The polished parquet floors and gilded mirrors reflected the light of the dozens of candelabras illuminating the room. Large pyramids of greenery and flowers overflowed in the corners of the room. The gold velvet drapes and wide French doors had been left open, so that I could see people chatting and laughing in small groups outside on the balcony. 
I floated through the room holding tightly to Christian’s arm. Young women wearing beautiful gowns in soft pastel colors and men in dark coats mingled together under the watchful eyes of their chaperones. Christian led me toward an older woman, sitting sedately against the wall in a high backed chair. 
“Mother, Aunt Elizabeth is feeling poorly and asks that you act as chaperone for our Lily.” 
Christian’s mother nodded. She pursed her lips into a hard thin line. It was clear that she did not approve of me. She smoothed her rose colored skirt and nodded to her son.
 “Of course, my dear. Tell your Aunt Elizabeth that I will discharge my duties with appropriate care.” She turned toward me, “It will be difficult, given your unfortunate familial circumstances; however, I’m sure we will be able arrange an appropriate match for you.” She gestured with her fan toward a small blonde man with a slight overbite, “There is Edward Barrington. A bit too free with his inheritance, but he does come from a good family. A second son, he will be looking for a young woman with a good dowry and land.” She turned to me, “While you will not have land, you will have a substantial dowry. Let me see, if I am able to catch his eye.” 
I sat quietly, while Christian’s mother pointed out the eligible men who might be willing to overlook my questionable family background. Thankfully, Christian returned just as the musicians began to play, before Lady Yarlbury was able to sell me to the highest bidder. 
He bowed formally and held out his hand, while his mother looked on disapprovingly. “I believe I have the pleasure of this dance.” 
The ball was glorious. Christian was right. I didn’t lack for dance partners. I swirled about the dance floor as light as air. Though, even when I danced with other men, I could feel Christian’s eyes upon me. I was breathless with the exertion of dancing, but I was energized by the intensity of his attention. Tonight, I was beautiful. I could see it in Christian’s eyes, and it made my heart sing.  

I awoke glowing with happiness, a smile lingering on my lips. It has been such a lovely dream. However, as I became more alert, I began to feel a little unnerved. My skin was damp with perspiration. My legs were tired and aching, as if I had danced all night. I sat up and rubbed my legs. 
I looked at myself in the mirror. “I hope I’m not going crazy,’ I said aloud. 
I realized that something had changed in my dreams. In this dream, I wasn’t myself. During my first dreams with Christian, I was definitely me, Lily Deene. I had been confused and a little afraid, but definitely me. But in this dream I was the other Lily. It was spooky, as if I had been transported back in time. It was as if I was inhabiting someone else’s body or, even more disturbing, someone else was inhabiting mine. I shook my head to clear it. I didn’t mind dreaming about a ghost, but I didn’t want my nighttime ghost dreams spilling over into my real life.
I tried to find a logical explanation for my tired, aching legs. I thought perhaps my dream might have been so vivid that I thrashed around last night in my sleep. Or maybe, my legs were tired from my riding lesson the day before. That certainly could explain my sore legs. I nodded at my reflection in the mirror. That made sense. Satisfied with my logic, I quickly dressed and went down to breakfast.
My mom greeted me with a big smile. “Pack your bags, sweetheart. We’re off to London!”


Chapter 6
 
“Well, Lily, we have three days in London, what should we do first? Shopping or sightseeing?”
“Mom, do you really have to ask.”
“Shopping it is,” my mom laughed. 
We rode the underground metro to Harrods. The London “tube” had a stop that connected with a pedestrian tunnel leading straight into the shopping mecca. According to my guidebook, Harrods was the world’s largest department store. At four and half acres and seven stories, I could believe it. It was more like a shopping theme park than a store. 
“Wow! They certainly do take their motto seriously. Omnia Omnibus Ubique,” I recited from my tour book. “All Things, For All People, Everywhere.”
“Well, if that’s the case, we might just get lucky and find the perfect dress for you to wear to the wedding.” 
We rode the Egyptian themed escalators twice, so we could admire the bronzed images of gods and pharaohs adorning the walls. We drank coffees and munched on exotic pastries under the curved domed ceiling of the food court. We admired the chandeliers, rich velvet draperies and painted ceilings in the very posh “Room of Luxury.” We saluted the life-sized statues of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed as we passed by them. 
At one point, I watched in surprise as a security guard in a dark blazer politely explained to an American tourist in flip flops, a midriff top and really short cut-offs, that she would have to change her clothes if she wished to continue shopping at Harrods. 
“Wow! A department store with a dress code. I can’t wait to tell everyone at home about this.” I told my mom.  
It was fun just to be a part of the extravaganza that was Harrods Department store.  We wandered leisurely past pianos, pets, and pomegranates, enjoying the sights more than worrying about shopping. However when we found the women’s clothing department, we decided to get serious. After all, I needed to find my perfect “Daughter of the Bride” dress. We enlisted the aid to two sales representatives to help us comb every rack in the department. I couldn’t believe it, but I couldn’t find anything I wanted to wear.
“How about this one?” My mom held up a light blue dress with a soft pleated skirt. 
I shook my head. “I know what I want, Mom. It’s just not here.”
“Okay. We’ll just have to try again tomorrow.” My mom said encouragingly. “I’m sure that we’ll find something.”
“So much for Omnia Omnibus Ubique,” I complained.
We decided to walk a few blocks to a different tube station, so that we wouldn’t have to change trains on our way back to Richard’s apartment. As we fought our way among the multitude of pedestrians on the street, I happened to look up. That’s when I saw it. My dress. 
It was hanging in the window of a small boutique. The cut of the dress was more modern, the lace and puffy sleeves were gone, but it was definitely my dress. The same dress I wore in my dream. There was no mistaking the pale green silk and embroidered pink roses.
I stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and gaped. My mom looked at me and then looked at the dress in the window.
She laughed. “Well. I guess we better go see if it fits.”

When we returned to Sir Richard’s apartment, or flat, as he called it, he was waiting for us. We arrived triumphant with our success. I held my purchase aloft like a victory banner.
Richard gave my mother a peck on the cheek. “How was your day? Successful?” He asked, eyeing the clothing bag. 
“Very!” I smiled. “But you will have to wait until the wedding reception. “It is bad luck to see the maid of honor’s dress before the wedding.”
“I see. Well, after you completed your successful shopping excursion, what other sights did you two visit today? Buckingham Palace? Hyde Park? Tower of London?”
In response to each of his questions we shook our heads.
“Well, what part of London did you visit today?” He asked in mock exasperation.
“Harrods.” My mother and I both answered at the same time.
“You mean to say that you spent the entire day at one department store?” Richard was incredulous.
“Yep. And the best part is, I didn’t even buy my dress there.” My mother and I broke into peals of laughter. Richard looked bemused.
“Women and shopping. That is something I will never understand.”  
After such an arduous day of shopping, I slept through the night, waking to the sounds of my mother and Richard talking in the kitchen. I lay in bed, trying to recall my dreams, but I couldn’t. It was the first night since I had come to England that I hadn’t dreamed about Christian. I felt refreshed, but a little lonely.  
“Good morning!’ My mother chirped. “How did you sleep?”
“Great.” I yawned. “I think I’m over the jet lag.”
“Good. So you are ready to attack London again. What should we do today?” She asked.
“Well since we’re done shopping, I guess we should do some sightseeing.”
“I have a suggestion,” offered Richard. “Today you should plan on visiting the Queen. Perhaps tea with part of the royal retinue?”
My mouth dropped open. “Are you kidding?” I asked.
Sir Richard laughed. “Yes. I am.”
I made a face at Richard. “Is this an example of that dry humor that the English are so famous for?”
“Yes.” He smiled. “Though I do have suggestion I think you might like.”
“What?” I asked suspiciously. 
“Why don’t I offer my services as tour guide to the two most charming tourists in London?” 
For the next two days, Sir Richard played tour guide and gallantly escorted my mother and me to all of the major sites. Thankfully, he kept the museums to a minimum. We visited the Tower of London, grisly and gloomy. We toured Westminster Abbey, huge and holy. We watched men in fuzzy black hats and red coats marching around Buckingham Palace, majestic and military. 
Richard was a very good host and tour guide. I was entertained, but my thoughts kept returning to Christian. I was anxious to return to Brynmoor. For some reason my dreams were no longer vivid. Now, when I woke up in the morning, I only had very vague memories of my dreams. I kept trying to remember, but the more I tried, the less I recalled. It was really frustrating, because, well to be honest, I missed Christian. 
On our last night in London, Richard checked his email and beckoned me over to his desk. “Well, Lily. I have something here that I think will make you very happy.” 
“What is it?” I asked, curiously.
“I have found your Lily.”
“The one in the book?” I asked, excitedly “Oh Richard, that’s great! What’s her name? How did you find it? Did you find out what happened to her?”  I asked in a rush.
Richard pointed to the computer screen. “This is her name. Or at least the name of the young cousin who was living at Brynmoor at that time. Unfortunately, as far as information goes, I have woefully little to tell you. It appears that after her mother died, she may have been sent back to Spain. All traces of her seem to have disappeared from our family records.”
Richard printed out the email for me. I took the paper with shaking hands. 

Adelina Lucia Calderόn Valenciana Hulse.

I read the name several times. It was a beautiful name, so musical. But I was confused. “I don’t get it?” I said to Richard, pointing to Lily’s last name. “Why is her last name Hulse? Did she marry someone named Hulse?” I asked.
For a brief moment, I thought she might have married Christian. That could explain why her last name was Hulse. And that would make sense, though I felt a quick pang of jealousy at the thought of Lily marrying Christian. I immediately, felt stupid. How could someone feel jealous about a ghost? I mean, Lily was his true love and I was….well, I didn’t know exactly how to define my relationship with Christian, but I was alive and he was dead. There didn’t seem much point in worrying about someone he might have married more than 150 years ago. 
Richard studied Lily’s name. “No. I don’t believe she married a Hulse. I think her name is written in the Spanish tradition. In Spain, every child carries both the father’s and the mother’s surnames. Her father’s name would have been Valenciana and, of course, her mother’s surname was Hulse.” 
“Oh.” I nodded. That made sense. I looked at the paper again. Okay, so I had found Lily’s real name. Now I just needed to find out what happed to her.
After our last day of sightseeing, we ate an early dinner at a small Indian restaurant, arriving at Brynmoor later than we had anticipated. I said goodnight and hurried up to my room. I was tired, but I was also anxious to meet up with my dream ghost. I brushed my teeth and crawled into bed, picking up my copy of Wuthering Heights in order to re-read the note from Lily. “What happened to you?”  I whispered aloud, before turning out the lights.
 
The sun had not yet penetrated the morning mist. It clung to the landscape like a soft blanket, wrapping itself around trees and buildings. Christian and I walked toward the stable. A servant held the reins of two horses, saddled and waiting for us. 
I gathered up my long skirt and stepped onto the mounting block. After settling onto my horse, I looked with envy at Christian. He was wearing a black hunting jacket with tan breaches and black polished boots, much more sensible attire for riding, than my long cumbersome skirt and tightly fitted jacket.
I looked woefully at my sidesaddle. “Just once, I wish I could ride astride.” I complained rebelliously.
“You best not let your mother hear you. She will send you to a convent for entertaining such immoral thoughts.” Christian teased me.
“Well, I do!”
“I see that I will have to speak with my Aunt. It would be best if you were married soon, before any of your suitors discover your true nature. You will be a troublesome bride.” He said laughing.
“Christian Hulse, if you insist on teasing me in this manner, I’ll not ride with you today!”
 Christian smiled, his blue eyes sparkling with merriment. He knew that I could never stay angry with him. He put his heels to his horse and yelled, “Catch me, if you can!”We rode the horses fast and hard until we reached Shelton Woods, Christian leading the entire way. He stopped and waited for me at the edge of the tree line. 
“You certainly led me on a merry chase this morning.” I told him, catching my breath, perspiration dampening the back of my neck. “Though, I am certain I would have caught you, if I were the one riding astride.”
“Would you now?” 
“Yes I would. I am certain of it!” 
“Perhaps.” He smiled crookedly at me. “Are you so confident of your success, that you are willing to place a small wager on the outcome?”
“What do you mean?”
“A race. We shall have a race and you may ride astride.”
“Christian! I do not dare! What would people say?”
“Who is to know, Lily, save you and I.”
I hesitated. “I do not think…”
“Ah. Your confidence is lacking, when put to the test.”
I thrust my chin out, defiantly. “Yes. I will do it. However, you had best be prepared Christian, for you will never catch me!”
“We shall see.” He answered.  He looked at me intently, “I give you fair warning, Lily. I am very good at catching what I set in my sights.”
I felt a small shiver run up my spine.  I wasn’t sure we were still talking about the race. 
We entered Shelton Wood, walking our horses in companionable silence. The woods seemed a mystical place. I breathed in the smell of damp earth and wet leaves, as dappled sunlight spilled through the leafy canopy overhead.  

I woke up and stretched, enjoying the last lingering remnants of my dream.  I lazily dressed and fixed my hair before heading to breakfast. I was in a good mood. No I was in more than a good mood, I was falling in love with a ghost.


Chapter 7

As soon as I saw her, I realized that my mother had reached pre-event panic. The calm before the storm was over. I’d been through this before. I knew she was going to drive herself, and everyone else, crazy by checking and rechecking the details of the wedding reception. 
She sat at a small desk, her clip board in her hand.  A tower of papers was perched precariously at the edge of the desk. She was speaking with someone on her phone and staring intently at something on the screen of her computer.
“Just a moment, please.” She said curtly. Covering the mouthpiece of the phone, she gestured toward the kitchen. “Help yourself to breakfast, the staff and I are going to be very busy today, so we won’t be eating a formal breakfast this morning. We need to button down the details for this weekend.”
“No problem, Mom.” I knew enough to stay out of her way when she was like this. She was usually a little stressed when she got to this stage of planning an event, and since she was planning her own wedding reception, I figured it would be worse than usual. 
I made my way to the kitchen. Mrs. Fitzgibbon had left a bowl of fruit and muffins on the table. I dug around in the refrigerator until I found some orange juice and jam. I was thoughtfully eating my breakfast and trying to decide what I was going to do with myself today, when Jenna poked her head into the kitchen. 
“Hullo,’ she said brightly. “Have you seen my mum?”
I shook my head. “My mother is in full wedding frenzy, I think your mom is probably hiding out at this point.”
Jenna’s eyes sparkled. “Just as well, I’ll just go and ask permission later.”
“Go where?” 
“I’m going to catch a lift with Simon into Shawbury. Da needs him to pick up a few things before the lads come to work in the garden tomorrow. Do you want to come?”
I looked at her hopefully. Perhaps I had just been rescued from boredom today. “Do you think there’s room for me?” 
 “I’m certain there is, but we can ask Simon. We have to be quick though, I don’t want my mum to find me and put me to work.”  .
I dashed out the kitchen and asked my mom if I could go. She nodded her head and waved me off.  I ran upstairs, grabbed my purse, then Jenna and I hurried to find Simon. 
Simon looked surprised to see me. “What did Mum say?’ He asked Jenna. 
“Well, she didn’t say no.”
Simon raised one eyebrow. “What did she say?”
“Not much really.”
I interjected quickly, “My mom said I could go with you guys.” 
Simon’s other eyebrow joined its twin. 
“If there is room in the truck,” I added. 
“Ah. I see. Well, if you two girls can manage to stay out of trouble while I’m getting Da’s orders filled, you can come.”
Jenna and I looked at each other and giggled. “No problem!” I told him.
Simon sighed. “I will tell you that this is against my better judgment.” He opened the door to the cab of the truck, “Climb in.”
 During the drive to Shawbury, Jenna peppered me with questions about my life in California. She thought I lived some glamorous life where I surfed at the beach everyday and all my neighbors were movie stars. I told her about my less than exciting life attending public high school and admitted that I did not know a single celebrity. 
“You’ve never met a single celebrity?” She asked dissappointed. “Not one?”
“I did meet Madonna’s sister once.” I told her. “She came to a PTA meeting.” 
“But Lily, you sound like a regular person. Not like someone from California at all.”
I laughed. “I guess I could try and make smog and traffic sound like something exotic and exciting, but they really aren’t.”
When we arrived in Shawbury, Simon dropped us off in the center of town. Jenna told him that she was taking me to the market. Simon nodded. 
“I’ll meet you two at the entrance on Finchcocks Street. I should be back in two hours, no later than that!” He looked meaningfully at Jenna.
“Two hours. Right!” She saluted Simon. 
As soon as Simon pulled away from the curb, Jenna grabbed my hand. “Come on!” 
Smiling, I let her tow me past the street shops to an open air market. 
“The prices are much better here than in the shops. Besides you never know what you’ll find.” She told me with a wide smile. 
We entered a lane bordered on both sides by small wooden stalls. The stalls were filled with vendors selling everything from homemade candies and flowers to jewelry and clothing. Jenna and I skipped the vegetables and flowers and headed toward the jewelry.
While we were shopping, I told Jenna about the message I found in the back of my book and my desire to discover what happened to Lily Valenciana. 
“How romantic!” Jenna said in a breathy voice. “Do you think she wrote the note to the ghost of Brynmoor. Maybe that’s why he’s haunting the manor house, he still loves her.” Jenna sighed. “He’s mourning his lost love.”
I agreed with her. I did not tell her about my relationship with Christian. I mean who was going to believe that I was dating a dead guy? Which, if I was honest with myself, was exactly what I was doing in my dreams.
“I’m trying to think of a way I can find out more information about her, but I don’t know where to start.” I told her.
Jenna scrunched her eyebrows together and thought for a while. After a few minutes, she looked at me, her eyes mischievous. “I have an idea. But if I tell you, you have to show me the note and let me help you solve the mystery.”
I solemnly held up my hand, “Scout’s Honor,” I told her. “You are now a full partner in the Deene and Fitzgibbon Detective Agency dedicated to solving romantic mysteries.”
We both laughed. 
 “I like the sound of that. Romantic mysteries.” Jenna sighed again.
“So what’s your idea?” I asked.
“Well, I was thinking that you could check with the Vicar at St. John’s Church. He has records for everyone who ever lived in Hexingham parish. Every time someone gets married or dies they note it down in the parish registry. You could start there, and at least you would know if she died or got married while she was at Brynmoor.”
“Jenna, that’s a great idea!”
“Elementary, my dear.” She said smugly. 
Having come up with a plan, we turned back to the important work of shopping. We worked our way through the inventory of the jewelry vendors, making comments about items we liked or didn’t. Jenna chatted happily about love and romance, ghosts and broken hearts as she sorted through the various polished stone pendants and earrings that we found. 
I was checking out a pair of crystal earrings in a small mirror when I caught the reflection of a couple of guys staring at us. One of them had a shaved head and heavily tattooed arms. He wore a red t-shirt which had a large black swastika on it. His friend was shorter with longish dirty blonde hair and a black leather jacket. 
I gestured toward the shaved-head guy with my eyes, “Friend of yours?” I asked Jenna. 
She looked up, surprised. 
“Who? Those guys?”
“Yeah.” As soon as we turned to stare at them, they turned their backs on us and sauntered away.
“No. I don’t know the skinhead, but the bloke in the black jacket used to go to university with Simon. He comes from a rich family, title, lands the whole bit. I don’t know why he’d want to hang out with that lot.”  She said, indicating the skinhead guy with a flick of her head.
“So, they’re just some losers trying to creep us out?” I asked.
“I guess.” 
We ignored them and continued threading out way among the various stalls, commenting on the items we saw. As we shopped I kept catching sight of the guy with the shaved head.
“Jenna, I think our creepy friends are following us. Look. There they are, behind the stall with the beaded bracelets.”
Jenna looked worried. “I don’t know the guy with the tattoos, but according to Simon the other one is a real tosser. Maybe we should get back to meet Simon.”
I wasn’t sure what a “tosser’ was, but it didn’t sound like a compliment. “That’s probably a good idea. It’s getting close to time anyway.” 
We wound our way through the maze of merchant stalls. Hoping to catch Simon at the street entrance, we decided to cut through a parking garage.  We were in the middle of the garage when the skin-head guy and his blonde-haired friend intercepted us.  They jumped in front of us, blocking our path. 
“Hey! You’re in our way!”  I told them. 
The skin head guy grinned at us, “Yeah. I noticed. So you birds here alone?”  
“Well, if you don’t count the 100 or so vendors at the market and my friend’s brother who is waiting for us, I guess you could say that.” I went to school with jerks like him, I wasn’t about to let him intimidate us. 
He looked around the empty parking garage.  “No vendors, no brothers.” He said, grinning wickedly. “I say you birds are flying solo.”
I realized that he was right. We were alone in a large parking garage, not exactly the best place to have a confrontation with two losers. I grabbed Jenna’s hand. “Come on, Jenna. Let’s get out of here.” I tried to walk around the guy with the shaved-head, but he stepped in front of me, preventing me from leaving. 
 “You a Yank?”  He asked, noting my accent.
Jenna’s eyes were big with fear. “My brother’s waiting for us. We need to go.” 
I tugged Jenna’s arm, and tried to push past the guy with the black jacket, “We’re leaving, and you’re in our way. Move!” I said with as much authority as I could muster. He grabbed my arm when we tried to walk around him. 
“Let go of me!” I tried to jerk my arm away, but he held on tightly. 
“You better let her go.” Jenna told him, her voice high pitched and quavering with fear. 
The guy in the leather jacket started laughing. “Or what?” 
I twisted around. “LET ME GO, NOW!” I pulled at my arm, trying to maneuver my body so I could kick him where it counts.
 “Do as she says, Billy!” Simon’s strong, cool voice echoed in the parking garage.
The guy in the black jacket looked surprised, “Fitzgibbon.” His voice was flat, but there was no mistaking the intense dislike I saw in his eyes. Dislike, tinged with fear, he dropped my arm. “We were just having a little fun. We don’t want any agro from the likes of you!”
As Simon walked toward us, I noticed that he was much taller and broader than either of our two assailants. He looked relaxed, but his eyes glinted dangerously. He stopped in front of them, his arms hung loose at his sides, but his fists were clenched. “If I catch you bothering my sister or her friends again, it will be a big deal. You can count on it.”  He told them coolly, a hard edge underlying his calm voice. 
“Ah piss off. We were just having a little fun.” 
Simon didn’t bother to say anything. I could see the tension in his face, but his eyes were calm. He looked at Billy and the skinhead guy, and waited. After a minute or so, they turned and slunk away, leaving the three of us alone in the garage. 
We drove back to Brynmoor in silence. Even Jenna was uncharacteristically quiet. No one felt like talking. I could tell that Simon was still angry. He drove calmly, but his neck and shoulders were tense. 
When we arrived at Brynmoor, Simon parked the truck and turned off the engine. He turned to Jenna, “Go tell Da that his things are here, and let Mum know what happened. I’ll talk to Da.” She nodded her head, gave me a quick look, then hopped out of the truck and hurried off. 
“Well. Uhm. Thanks for rescuing us.” I told Simon. 
Simon nodded. “Let’s go find your mum and Sir Richard.”
“Why?” 
“I need to tell them what happened.”
“That’s okay. I can tell them.” 
“No, it is not okay. You were very nearly assaulted.”  
I could feel my face flush hot with anger. “Look. I’m perfectly capable of telling them what happened. Which, by the way, was nothing. So, why don’t you go help your dad and I’ll talk to my mom.”
Simon shook his head. “You were my responsibility. I need to speak with Sir Richard and your mother.”
I felt my temper boil over. “I am not your responsibility! I am perfectly capable of taking care of myself. So, thanks, but I’ll talk tomy mother!”  
Simon looked at me, calmly. “You may talk to your mother, after I speak with her and Sir Richard.”
“Look Mr. Knight-in-Shining-Armor! I appreciate your help, but you are not going to report to my mother or Sir Richard. For your information, I am fully capable of telling my mother what happened.” 
Simon sighed heavily. “I realize that. However, as an employee of your step-father, I am responsible for your safety. And as an employee of your step-father, it is my responsibility to let him know what happened today.” 
“I don’t know who you think you are Simon Fitzgibbon, but you are NOT going to treat me like I’m some stupid three-year-old! For your information, I haven’t needed a babysitter since I was ten! I can take care of myself!”  I jumped out and slammed the car door. I stomped toward the front entrance of Brynmoor Manor, not bothering to look back.

That afternoon I snuck a few sugar cubes from the kitchen to give to Posy before my riding lesson. She neighed happily when she saw me. She seemed to like those even more than the carrots or apples I had been feeding her.
During my lesson I let Simon know that I was still angry with him, though he seemed cheerfully unaware that I was giving him the silent treatment, which of course, made me even angrier. It’s very frustrating to give someone the silent treatment if they don’t even notice. I finished my lesson and left Simon to take care of Posy while I marched back to Brynmoor in a foul mood. 
My mood had not improved by the time I sat down to dinner. My mom kept going on and on about that “nice young man” Simon Fitzgibbon. “You girls were fortunate that Simon showed up when he did.” Blah. Blah. Blah. You would think Simon had actually jousted with a dragon or something, instead of telling two jerks to get lost.
I glowered at my Yorkshire pudding and said nothing. Richard nodded. 
“I just can’t believe that those young hoodlums were so bold.” My mother was indignant. “And that you know one of them! Maybe we should make a report to the police.” She looked inquiringly at Sir Richard.
Sir Richard shook his head. “I don’t think that will be necessary. I’ll speak with Billy’s father. I’m sure the boys didn’t really mean any harm. Just a bit of high jinx.”
“High jinx!” My mother spluttered. “I don’t agree!”
Richard’s voice was calm and reasonable. “Of course, I understand your concern, Marguerite. I will speak with the Barrington-Smythes tomorrow. I’m certain we can get this matter settled.” He paused and shook his head. “Quite a shame really. Billy comes from an illustrious family with a long, dignified history, and his parents are such lovely people.” Richard pursed his lips. “Billy has given his family a great deal of difficulty over the years.”
I looked up. “What kind of difficulty?’ I asked.
“Oh, the usual. Thrown out of school. Running around with the wrong crowd. Billy is a bit of lost soul. His father is concerned because Billy seems to lack any career aspirations.”
“Oh I don’t know. He seems to be doing okay if you count assault and battery, as a career goal.” I added, tartly. 

That night, I dreamed that Christian and I were racing our horses across the fields of Brynmoor toward Shelton Wood.

 Hedges and fields filled with grasses and spring flowers flashed by in a blur. I concentrated on the figure in front of me. “Faster,” I urged Starlight. “Faster!” I could feel the horse’s muscles straining under me as he increased his speed. I crouched low over my horse’s neck, threading my fingers through his coarse mane.  The wind whipped loose tendrils of hair across my face. Christian was ahead of me. I was gaining, but not fast enough. Christian reached Shelton Wood before me.  
“You have lost!” Christian crowed in triumph. “I declare myself the winner!”
Laughing and flushed with the exhilaration of the ride, I agreed. “True!” You have won. However, it is ungentlemanly to belabor the point.” 
Christian gave me a wide smile. “I will not belabor the point, if you concede victory to me.” 
“If you will stop crowing like a rooster, I will gladly concede.” I said, smiling to take the sting out of my words.. 
We rode under a canopy of green leaves, dismounting in front of an thatched-roof cottage long ago abandoned by its owners.. Leaving the horses to graze nearby, we sat under the shade of a large Cyprus tree. I tucked my legs under my skirt and sighed happily. The sun shone brightly, but it was cool in the shade.
“Lily, you have lost the wager. I expect you to pay me what is owed.” A crooked smile flitted across Christian’s lips.
“You are incorrigible.” I told him. “However, I will pay you.” I leaned toward him and gave him a brief kiss on the cheek. “There. Consider yourself paid in full. I am now released from my debt to you.” 
Christian’s eyes smoldered. “That is not the kind of payment I had in mind.”
My stomach fluttered with surprise. Christian leaned toward me and cupped my chin with his hand. He slowly drew me toward him. He brushed his lips against mine. Softly, gently his mouth lingered. I could feel my pulse beating furiously in my throat. I felt weak and wobbly. I could think of nothing except how wonderful his mouth felt on mine. Finally, he let me go. 
Christian looked at me with satisfaction. “Now, you are released from your debt.”


Chapter 8

Wow! I woke up with the imprint of Christian’s lips on mine. I rubbed my tingling lips with the tips of my fingers. I wasn’t sure if I was trying to brush the sensation away or recreate it. It was the most incredible kiss I had ever experienced. 
Okay, I thought to myself, I had crossed into the realm of the seriously weird. I was in love with a ghost. Of course, there were a few problems with our relationship. For one thing, I was alive and he was dead. Also, I wasn’t sure if I was the reincarnation of his long lost love, or if our relationship was a case of mistaken identity. But, because I was still tingling with happiness and his lingering kiss, I wasn’t sure it really mattered. I lay in bed pondering these thoughts for some time, basking in the glow of that kiss. Eventually, I became hungry enough to get up and find my way downstairs. 
By late morning Brynmoor was a beehive of activity. The wedding reception was only a few days away. Through the windows in the breakfast room, I could see my mom patrolling the grounds with Mr. Fitzgibbon and a small army of men. I watched her write something down on her clipboard and point toward an area of the garden. Mr. Fitzgibbon nodded and dispatched some of his men to do her bidding.  My mother then directed Mr. Fitzgibbon’s attention toward another part of the garden, and they moved out of my sight. I could hear Mrs. Fitzgibbon’s voice coming from somewhere in the manor house as she coordinated a group of women who were scrubbing, dusting, and decorating.
I sighed. From past experience, I knew that my best course of action was avoidance.  Otherwise I would be drafted by my mother and put to work. 
I poured myself a bowl of cereal and I tried to decide what to do with myself. I could think of several possibilities. I could hide out in the library, though I wasn’t sure I wanted to spend all day reading. I cast a glance out the kitchen window. The sun shone so brightly this morning, I didn’t want to waste the good weather. So, the library was out. 
I could go to the stables, but I then I didn’t really want to run into Simon. I wasn’t ready to forgive him for yesterday. Besides, there nothing worse than spending time with a person who doesn’t care that you’re trying to stay angry with them. He was so annoyingly cheery during my riding lesson that I wanted to strangle him.
What I really wanted to do, I decided, was to start my research on Christian and Lily. I touched my lips and smiled, remembering my dream. I wondered if I could get a look at those church records that Jenna had mentioned yesterday. The more I thought about it. The better I liked the idea. The weather was great and the village wasn’t more than a couple of miles away. Why not? This would be a great opportunity to hike into town and see if I could find the vicar. Not only would it help my investigations, but it would help me avoid both my mom and Simon. Pleased with myself, I finished eating my cereal and ran up to my room to brush my teeth and grab my backpack.
On my way out of the house, I stopped by the breakfast room and stuffed a couple of apples and a small package of cookies in my backpack. I left a quick note for my mother and hurried out the front door into a beautiful summer day. 
The sun was warm on my back as I hiked along the road from Brynmoor. I walked for at least half an hour, enjoying the sunshine and fresh air when I came upon a bend in the road that looked familiar. This was the same road that Christian and I had raced along, except the road had been dirt in my dream, not gravel. 
My dreams were so vivid, so real, it was almost like watching a movie with me in it. No, I decided, not so much a movie, more like a television show. That was it. My dreams were like a television series where I had to wait for the next episode in order to find out what happens to the characters. It would have been a really cool T.V. show to watch, if one of the characters wasn’t me.
“Great!” I thought as I walked along the gravel path. I was the star of some bizarre television show going on in my mind. I’m sure if I ever tried to explain it to anyone, they would lock me up in the looney bin. 
I had never had such vivid memories of dreams before. I knew that my dreams weren’t the product of an overactive imagination, but I wasn’t too sure anyone else would believe me. There was just too much detail in my dreams for them to be, well, dreams. So, I was pretty sure that my dreams were memories of actual events that had happened in the past. Christian’s memories. I knew without a doubt that Christian and Lily had raced their horses along this same road toward Shelton Wood. I was pretty sure that Christian was sharing his memories with me in my dreams. He was trying to help me understand who he was. He was trying to help me understand who I was. That last thought made me stop in mid-stride.
No. I corrected myself. He was trying to get me to help him find Lily. I kept getting the two of us confused. It was Lily Valenciana in my dreams, not me. I was just having a hard time remembering that. 
A thought pricked at the back of mind. I pushed it down, but it bubbled back up. What if my dreams weren’t Christian’s memories, but Lily’s? What if I was Lily Valenciana, reincarnated 150 years later? That seemed crazy. But was it really any more crazy than thinking I was channeling some ghost’s memories in my dreams? What if he was simply unlocking hidden memories from my mind? Maybe my karma was to come back here and be reunited with Christian?
My thoughts were tumbling about. I didn’t know what to believe. I kept tossing around ideas, one after the other while I walked. Finally, I decided that I just wasn’t ready to believe in reincarnation. Of course, I wasn’t ready to not believe in it either. Did anyone really know how reincarnation worked? If your soul was reborn over and over again, would you have some memory of your previous life? If I was the reincarnation of the other Lily, wouldn’t I know it? Wouldn’t I have some sense of déjà vu?  Of course, maybe that’s what I was doing right now. Maybe my dreams were the result of my mind trying to remember who I was? 
I was so busy mulling everything over that I let out a yelp of surprise when Pip raced across my path. He was followed by Charlie Fitzgibbon. Pip circled around me, wagging his tail and barking happily. 
I smiled at Charlie, while trying to push the exuberant Pip away from me. “Hello, Charlie.” 
Charlie fell in beside me and began walking with me. Pip barked happily, then dashed into the grasses bordering the road. I could see him sniffing and snuffling along the ground. 
Where you going?” Charlie asked. 
“Down to the village. 
“Why?”
“I want to see the vicar.”
“Oh.” We continued walking, our feet making soft crunching noises on the gravel road.
“You can’t see the vicar today,” Charlie offered. 
“Of course, I can.” I told him. 
“No you can’t,” he told me with all the authority a seven-year-old boy can muster. “He’s not in the village.”
I stopped. “He’s not? How do you know?”
“The vicar doesn’t live here. He lives at St. Mary’s.”
“Oh.” I stopped. I had really hoped to get started on Jenna’s suggestion today. But if the vicar wasn’t around, there wasn’t much point in going into the village. “Well, I guess I’ll head back to Brynmoor then,” I told Charlie. I turned back the way I had come. Charlie and Pip followed me.
While we walked I noticed he kept looking at me and squinting his eyes. 
 “I don’t see them.” He said, though he continued to stare at my face while we walked.
“Um. What don’t you see?” 
“The sparks flying out of your eyes.”
I laughed. “Sparks flying out of my eyes?”
“Yeah that’s what Simon says. He told my Da that you had sparks coming out of your eyes and he was afraid for poor Billy. He said he wouldn’t bet against you in a fight.”
My eyes narrowed. “Oh, he did, did he? What else did he say?”
“Right.” Charlie puckered up his freckled face, trying to remember.  “Simon said he felt sorry for any man that married you, cause you have a temper.”
I could feel my temper rising at that very moment. Just wait until I saw Simon again! If he thought he had seen sparks shooting out of my eyes before, just wait! I picked up my pace. I certainly had a few more things to say to Mr. Simon Fitzgibbon!
Charlie and Pip kept pace with me. 
“Charlie, are you supposed to be wandering this far from home?” I asked him.
He flashed an impish grin in my direction. “No. But everybody’s busy and Jenna told me to go outside with Pip and leave her alone. So Pip and I are gonna try and catch some rabbits today. You can help us if you want,” he offered generously. 
I laughed surprised. Why not? I hadn’t anything better to do, today. Except give his big brother a piece of my mind. That could wait. Besides I probably should make sure Charlie got home safely. “Okay Charlie. Let’s go catch some rabbits. Where do we start?” 
Charlie turned out to be a very good nature guide. He pointed out various shrubs helping me avoid the stinging nettles as we looked for rabbit burrows. We searched for our elusive rabbits without any success. Finally, Charlie pronounced our rabbit hunt over and we scrambled through a field of grass laced with bluebells until we made our way back to the road. 
 Simon found us sitting beside the road enjoying a snack of apples and cookies. He drove up in the truck, kicking up clouds of dust behind him. Idling the truck in front of us, he stuck his head out of the window.
“Having a bit of picnic I see,” He gave me a slow smile. 
I returned his smile with what I hoped was a look of disdain. 
“She tried to give Pip some biscuit, but I told her it wasn’t good for him” Charlie tattled.
“Good for you Charlie,” Simon praised him. “You’ve got to keep your eye on her. I hear she tries to sneak sweets to the horses, too.”
“Tattletale,” I said to Charlie. “That’s the last time I share my biscuits with you.”
Simon looked at me inquiringly, “Still mad?” 
I said nothing, but I gave him a long look.
Are you trying to get the sparks to fly out of your eyes again?” Charlie asked. 
Simon laughed out loud. “Why you little traitor. You told her.” 
Charlie shrugged his shoulders. 
 “Well then, I suppose you don’t fancy a lift back to Brynmoor with me?” Simon said, eyeing me.
“No, thank you.” I answered stiffly. 
“Right.” He winked at Charlie, and whispered loud enough for me to hear, “Watch for the sparks, Charlie, here they come.” Then in a louder voice, he said. 
“Hop in Charlie, I’ll give you and Pip a lift then.”
My traitorous nature guide and former rabbit hunting partners happily jumped up and scrambled into the truck with Simon. 
“Riding lesson at four today.” Simon called out cheerily, as he drove off, leaving me to walk back to Brynmoor in a cloud of dust. 


Chapter 9

I told myself that I wasn’t going to go to the stables. Earlier I had visited the library at Brynmoor and found a copy of Robinson Crusoe. I tried to read it, but I was having a hard time focusing on the story. So, after an hour of staring at the same page, I changed into my tennis shoes and headed toward the stables. 
Crossing the back lawn, I noticed that a number of tall white tents had been erected. A large truck was parked in the driveway and I saw Mr. Fitzgibbon supervising a couple of men unloading tables and chairs. We were three days away from the big wedding event. I made a mental note to check with my mom and see if she needed any help. I didn’t really want to help, but I figured that I should. We were definitely in countdown mode. 
When I reached the stables, I heard Simon before I saw him. He was whistling a song, while he brushed Posy. His broad back was turned to me as he worked the soft brushes on her fur. 
Posy whickered when she caught sight of me. She knew by now that I always brought snacks when I came to see her.
Simon turned and smiled warmly. “I was afraid I was going to have to ride Posy today.” He patted the horse on her neck. 
I fed the sugar cubes to Posy, while Simon went to get the saddle and bridle. 
“Don’t tell Simon,’ I whispered as her soft muzzle tickled the palm of my hand. 
“Don’t tell me what?”
I turned toward him. “Nothing. It’s strictly private, just between Posy and me.”
Simon’s eyes crinkled. “Well, if you two girls are done chatting, we can get Posy saddled.
While Simon tightened the girth, I slipped the bridle over Posy’s head. 
He gave me a leg up into the saddle, then paused, his hand resting on my calf.
“I’m glad you came today.” 
I sighed. It was impossible to stay mad at Simon, especially when he was being so nice. “Me, too. But don’t get me mad, or I’ll have to shoot sparks at you.” 
“Deal.” He chuckled. 
I was quite pleased with my horse-back riding progress. I felt so comfortable riding Posy I couldn’t believe that just a few days ago I had been afraid of her. The lesson for today included cantering and trotting poles.  Simon was very complimentary, praising my “quiet hands” and sense of balance as Posy and I followed his instructions.
“So what do you think?” Simon asked at the end of the lesson.
I gave him a huge smile. “I think I’m ready to try out for the Olympics.” I told him. “This is really great.” I patted Posy’s neck affectionately. “I can’t believe that I can do this.”
“You have a very gentle touch and great balance. You’re a natural.”  He told me, nodding his head approvingly. 
I knew he was probably just trying to make up for teasing me earlier today, but I liked it anyway. I guess I passed the test, because Simon told me I was free to ride Posy any time I wished, as long as I stayed in the paddock. 
After I had returned Posy to her stall, I helped Simon feed the horses.
“So, how do you know Billy?’ I asked. I could see Simon’s jaw tighten at the mention of his name. Then he shrugged his shoulders. 
“Went to university with him for a bit,” he said, before changing the subject. “Jenna told me about your research project. If you want a ride down the vicarage, let me know. I’d be happy to drive the two of you.”
“Thanks.” We finished up with the horses. “That’d be great. You know I still haven’t seen much of the village. Maybe next time you and Jenna go down to the pub, I could tag along.” I suggested. 
“Hmmm.”  Simon’s response didn’t seem very enthusiastic, but I decided not to push it. I knew I could get Jenna to invite me along, someday.  
That night I kept thinking about the idea of reincarnation. I had a hard time falling asleep. I knew I would dream about Christian again. But what was the meaning of my dreams? Was Christian filling my mind with his memories or helping me find my own? Was I the reincarnation of Lily Valenciana?
As soon as I closed my eyes, I fell asleep. My dream was a series of images stitched together like a patchwork quilt.

 Christian and I laughing, as we dodged raindrops and sought shelter in a gazebo. Christian looking into my eyes as he gently brushed a stray curl from my face. The two of us holding hands as we walked through the glade in Shelton Wood, the sun shining on our upturned faces. Christian sitting with his back against a fence post, while I snuggled against his chest, sighing with contentment. He lightly grazed his lips against the back of my neck, resting his cheek against my hair. I felt a tingling happiness take hold of me. 

I awoke with a smile on my face. I was definitely in love with my ghost. There was no doubt. I curled up in my bed and hugged my pillow to my chest. How wonderful it was to wake up with a feeling of happiness suffusing my whole body. The fact that I was in love with a guy who had been dead for more than 150 years did nothing to diminish my happiness.
This morning I found breakfast set out in the breakfast room. I was figuring out the rhythm at Brynmoor. Formal breakfast was served in the cheery yellow breakfast room between 9:30 and 11:00 am. Before or after that time, you had to find your way to the kitchen for food.  
After eating my fruit and cereal, I started looking for my mother. I found her in the Grand Salon, supervising the decorations. She looked a bit frazzled.
“Mom, can I help with anything?”
“Lily, that would be great! I could use an assistant today. Otherwise I’ll need to clone myself. The first thing you can do is find Mrs. Fitzgibbon and let her know that we need to prepare seven rooms for overnight guests. Then if you could come back here and check with me, we can get you started.” 
I spent the day running back and forth for my mother. First, there was a problem with the temporary dance floor being constructed near the garden. The portable stage had to be moved because the band needed access to an electrical outlet. This meant moving the dance floor and the large white tent that covered the dance floor. I relayed messages between my mother and the construction crew. Next, Mrs. Fitzgibbon reported that the correct number of chair slip covers had not been delivered. Then, the florist left a message that she wasn’t able to order enough pink tulips for the table centerpieces. As each small disaster arose, my mother would make decisions and leave it to me to relay her messages.  When I wasn’t running around Brynmoor, I called caterers, florists, and rental agencies. By dinner time, I was exhausted.  
“Mom, I don’t know how you do it? I’m really tired. I feel like I’ve run a marathon.”
My mom laughed, “You probably have. You’ve been working hard all day.” 
“Is it always like this, when you plan an event?” I asked. My mom is the event planner for the Museum of Modern Art in Los Angeles. In fact that’s how she met Sir Richard. He was sponsoring some British artists. Eventually one thing led to another and now she was planning her wedding.
“Pretty much.” She answered.  “It is exhausting, but it is so wonderful when you see all your work come together at the event.” 
Richard patted my mother’s hand. “With the two of you in charge, I am sure that everything is moving along smoothly.” 
“Well, I don’t know about smoothly,” My mom smiled. “But we will be ready when our guests arrive.”
We enjoyed a nice dinner and chatted about the upcoming party, until I excused myself.
“Goodnight, Mom,” I yawned, giving her a peck on the cheek.
My mom gave me a small hug. “Thanks Lily, you were a great help today.” 
“Well it’s not everyday a girl’s mother gets married,” I told her. I wished Richard a goodnight, then crawled upstairs to bed. 

I was at a party in the drawing room. Christian, Edward Barrington, and several other young people I recognized from the ball were enjoying refreshments and chatting happily. Lady Yarlbury approached me, towing Edward Barrington in her wake. 
“Lily dear, would you be so kind as to entertain Edward, I have some other guests to attend to.”
I smiled and nodded. “Of course.” I found Edward to be tedious company, but I could not refuse my Aunt. 
We fetched some punch and chatted. Actually, Edward chatted. He spoke endlessly about himself, his clothes, his horses, and his dogs. He was very impressed with himself, unfortunately, I was not. I smiled and nodded when it was appropriate, though I was not really listening. Somewhere the conversation must have taken a turn while I my attention was elsewhere, for suddenly I heard Edward ask: “I am glad that it is settled then. I have yet to speak with your mother. However, your Uncle has already given his approval.”
I felt my mouth open in surprise. “I am sorry, Edward. My mind must have drifted.” I stammered. “What is settled?”
He looked at me with slight disapproval. “Lily. You really must try and improve your powers of concentration. Please try to be more attentive when I speak to you.” He puffed out his thin chest. “As I was saying, I will call on you promptly at 11 o’clock on Saturday.”
I drifted through the party chatting and laughing with the others, trying desperately to find a way to escape Edward. I had no wish to encourage his attentions. 
Eventually, someone suggested we play a game of Blind Man’s Bluff. A handkerchief was quickly procured and Christian volunteered to be the blind man. He tied the handkerchief around his eyes and waited while we all scurried about the room.
 There was a great deal of giggling.  As soon as everyone found a hiding place, we called that we were ready to begin. Christian raised his hands in front of him and began to slowly make his way around the room. “No peeking!” I called out. Christian pivoted at the sound of my voice. We all laughed as he lurched, bumping into furniture. Lady Yarlbury looked on disapprovingly. 
Like a compass needle that always points north, Christian kept his orientation fixed on me. He stumbled into an end table nearly knocking a lamp to the floor, but he was not deterred. He reached out and grasped my wrist. “Well, you are most certainly not the Viscount Bedford,” he said loudly. Quietly he whispered so that only I could hear, “You belong to me.” He stroked my cheek, smiling. Then he announced to the rest of the crowd, “I claim Lily as my prisoner.”
“Well done!” Someone shouted. Several of the other guests clapped and laughed. Edward Barrington glared at Christian, his mouth tightening in anger. I flushed and looked up, catching the eye of Lady Yarlbury. She returned my glance. Her eyes glittered like diamonds, cold and hard. 

I wasn’t sure what my dream meant. In my dream, Christian’s touch was gentle, but the idea of being his prisoner, even as part of a game, was a bit unsettling. I was finding it more and more difficult to separate my feelings from those of Lily Valenciana. And worse, I wasn’t sure that I wanted to. Christian was slowly binding me to him in such a way that I was losing my perspective. Was he talking to me or to Lily Valenciana? Who was his prisoner?  I was afraid I was becoming just as much his prisoner as the other Lily. And I wasn’t sure he was only talking about a game of Blind Man’s Bluff.


Chapter  10

I dressed slowly, trying to untangle the meaning of my dream, before drifting downstairs. 
I found my mom sipping coffee in the drawing room. Her computer was humming, but she appeared calm.  
“Looks like you have things under control today,” I said.
 “Getting there.” My mother answered. “By the way, the caterers have taken over the kitchen. You’ll want to stay out of the way, so that they can do their job.” 
“No problem. So, are you nervous about the big day?”  I asked, teasing her.
 “Not in the least” She smiled warmly. “The afternoon reception will not be a problem. Mrs. Fitzgibbon will see to that. I have a couple of phone calls to make and I need to walk the grounds and make sure that everything is in place, but that’s it.” She sighed. “Most of the work is done. All I need to do now is make sure that the people I love the most show up at the church on time.” 
My mother had very wisely planned for a small wedding at Saint John’s church in the village, just close family and friends. The larger late-afternoon reception was to be held at Brynmoor.
“We should have several guests arriving today.” She held up her fingers, counting off the guests. “Richards’s younger brother and his family with their nanny will probably show up this afternoon. The best man and his family called to say they should be here by 4 o’clock. Oh, and several of Richard’s cousins are also planning on arriving tonight. So, we’ll have a full house by dinner. By the way, we will be dressing for dinner. 8pm. But until then, there really isn’t too much for you to do around here. You might want to check with Jenna or Simon, perhaps you can take the horses out.”
“Great idea, Mom. I’ll just grab some breakfast first.”

I glanced up at the sky as I headed outside. The day was overcast, but it didn’t look like it was going to rain. I cut through the paddock and made my way to the stables. Posy neighed enthusiastically when she saw me. I slipped her a couple of sugar cubes and rubbed her nose. I conducted a quick search, but didn’t see either Simon or Jenna. Since no one appeared to be around, I decided to head over to the Fitzgibbon’s cottage. 
Their small stone cottage looked like something out of a children’s storybook. Spiky purple and blue flowers bloomed along the front walk. White lace curtains floated in the breeze above window boxes filled with yellow daffodils. The weathered stone of the building itself was mottled with different colors of grays and browns. Its heavy wooden door was scarred from years of use and the copper door handle had long since lost its luster. The cottage reminded me of my favorite pair of jeans, a bit worn and threadbare, but soft and inviting. It made me think of home-made cookies and rosy-cheeked children. I could see why the Fitzgibbon family chose to live here, instead of in the village.
I walked up to knock on the front door. However, as I approached the door, I felt a strange sensation, like warm breath tickling the back of my neck. I quickly turned around. No one was there. A breeze? Another moth? I didn’t think so. I couldn’t be sure. I closed my eyes. 

Christian was next to me. We were standing in front of the Fitzgibbon’s cottage. It looked different somehow. Then I realized it was new, freshly built.  The copper door handle glowed with a shiny burnt orange color. The front door and stones were smooth and polished. Christian grinned with pleasure. His blue eyes crinkled at the corners. A slight breeze ruffled his dark hair. He placed a bouquet of wild flowers in my hand. 

 “Lily!” 
My eyes flew open and I let out a little squeal of surprise. While I was standing there fantasizing about my ghost boyfriend, Jenna had opened the front door of the cottage. I smiled weakly.
“Did I scare you? I’m so sorry,” Jenna apologized. 
I stood there like an idiot, trying to gather my thoughts. I was dazed and confused, but it wasn’t just from Jenna surprising me. What had just happened to me? Did I fall asleep standing up? Maybe I was having a vivid day dream. 
Christian hadn’t visited me during the daytime before, and I wasn’t sure I really wanted him to. During the day, I preferred to be regular boring Lily Deene. Spending time with ghosts seemed a little less crazy when it happened under the cover of darkness while I was sleeping. I didn’t like the idea of seeing ghostly visions in the daylight. 
“Would you like some water for your flowers?” Jenna asked.
I glanced down and saw that I was holding a bouquet of wild flowers. I felt my blood suddenly go cold and my knees buckled. 
Jenna was by my side in a flash. “Are you alright?” She asked, placing her arm around me. “You look as white as a ghost. You’d better come in for a cuppa tea.” 
She ushered me into the cottage and sat me down at the kitchen table. “You’re not catching something are you? You wouldn’t want to be sick tomorrow.” Her eyebrows pinched together with concern. 
“No, I’m fine,” I said.
While Jenna bustled about boiling water for my “cuppa,” I looked around the kitchen. The cottage was as warm and inviting on the inside as it was outside. A cheery yellow table cloth covered the kitchen table and a colorful rag rug lay in front of the stone fireplace. Copper pots and bunches of dried herbs hung from the ceiling rafters. 
I placed my bouquet of wild flowers on the table. “Jenna,’ I asked carefully, “Do you believe in ghosts?”
Jenna took two teacups and saucers from one of the cabinets and set them on the table. “Why not? Who knows what happens after someone dies.”
I took a deep breath. I had to tell someone. I desperately needed another person’s point of view and I figured Jenna was my best bet. “Jenna, if I tell you something, you’ve got to promise not to tell anyone else.”
Jenna nodded her head. She made a zipping motion over her mouth. “Right. My lips are sealed.”  She set the tea pot, the sugar bowl, and a small container of milk on the table.  Then she sat down across from me and poured the tea into our cups.
I took another deep breath. “Okay, I’m either having a serious mental breakdown or I’m being haunted. I’m not sure which.”
Jenna’s mouth fell open in surprise.
It was obvious by her reaction that she was not expecting me to say anything quite as shocking as that. I hurried to explain. “I swear, it’s the truth. These flowers,” I pointed to the flowers on the table, “I didn’t pick them.”
Jenna closed her mouth. She eyed the flowers. “You mean you don’t remember picking them.”
“No. I swear I didn’t pick them. I was standing in front of your cottage when I saw the ghost of Christian. He handed me these flowers.”
Jenna started to laugh, but stopped herself when she saw the serious look on my face. “You’re not just having a laugh. Are you?” She asked.
“Do I look like I am?” 
She looked me over. I think she could see the worry in my eyes. “No. You don’t.”
“Look, I’m either seriously crazy or there really is a ghost, I need to talk about this with somebody or I will go crazy, if I’m not there already.” 
We both looked at the flowers.  Jenna took a sip of her tea. “Right. Why don’t you tell me everything from the begining.”
It was an immense relief to be able to talk to someone about my ghostly visitations. Jenna asked a few questions, but mostly listened and drank her tea. I was happy that she didn’t immediately try to lock me up in the insane asylum. Jenna had a lot of common sense, so if she didn’t think I was a dangerous lunatic, maybe I wasn’t. 
“So do you think I’m crazy?” I asked after I finished.
“No. I don’t.” Jenna spoke slowly, fingering the bouquet of flowers.
“How can you be so sure?”
“I can think of two reasons. Where did you go before you came to the cottage?”
“I was at the stables.”
“You walked here directly?” 
“Yep.”
Jenna looked at the flowers. “Lily, Look out the window.”
I did as she suggested. I could see the paddock and the stables from the kitchen window.  
 “Well, the first reason that I don’t think you’re crazy is that the lawn was trimmed yesterday. There aren’t any wild flowers growing between here and the barn.” 
I looked. She was right. The grass had been mowed recently.
“What’s your second reason?” I asked.
She looked at me quizzically, tilting her head to one side as she examined my bouquet of flowers. “Do you know what a tussie-mussie is?” She asked.
“A what?” 
“A tussie-mussie.” 
I shook my head. “Isn’t that some T.V. show for preschool kids?”
“No. That’s Teletubbies.” Jenna paused and looked at the flowers lying on the table. “A tussie-mussie is a bouquet of flowers that was used to send a message to someone during the Victorian age. Different flowers had different meanings. So if you wanted to send someone a message you would choose the flowers that said what you wanted and make a tussie-mussie .”
I looked dubiously at the flowers. “You mean like red roses mean love. That sort of thing.” 
Jenna nodded. “Right. If you wanted to tell someone you loved them you would send them red roses. If you wanted to tell them you didn’t like them you could send them garlic. You would put the flowers in a tussie-mussie wrap it up like this with a doily and a silk ribbon and give to the person you wanted to get the message. I’m sure that’s what this is.”
“So, it’s like a text message sent with flowers.” I said.
“Right.”
“Okay. So what’s the message in the flowers?” I asked.
Jenna studied the flowers. “Well I know that this is rosemary and it stands for remembrance. But I’m not sure of the others. I mean, I know what the flowers are, I just don’t know their meanings” She puzzled over the flowers for a few minutes, but then her face brightened. “Oh. I know. My Da has a floriography dictionary somewhere. It tells you the meaning of different flowers. We can look them up. And if we can’t find his book, I bet it’s on the internet somewhere.”
It didn’t take us long to find Mr. Fitzgibbon’s book. We propped it open in front of us as Jenna studied the flowers in my bouquet. She pointed to some delicate blue flowers that were clustered together in the center of the bouquet.
“Okay. The flower in the center of the tussie-mussie is the most important. That would be the Forget-me-nots.”  
“Well, that’s pretty obvious. Isn’t it?” I asked. 
Jenna smiled and shrugged. “It says here that they stand for true love and memories.”
“That makes sense. I mean the name says it all, right? Forget-me-not. How about these? Do you know what kind of flower these are?” I asked, touching one of several small white bell-shaped blossoms clinging to a slender green stalk.”
Jenna rolled her eyes at me. “Of course I do. My Da is a horticulturalist. I know my flowers. Those are called Lily-of-the-Valley.” 
 We eagerly flipped through the pages of the book until we found the entry for the flowers. 
“It says ‘Return of Happiness’,” I told her. 
Jenna nodded thoughtfully.  
“That makes sense.” So far the message was pretty obvious: Love, Rememberence, Return of Happiness. All of which made sense in terms of Christian’s search for Lily.
“Right. That leaves the Golden Rod.” She brushed her hand across the yellow spiky stems.” After consulting the book, she looked up, frowning. “It says that they signify caution.” 
“That’s weird. Caution about what?” I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to be cautious about. Was there some secret danger, I didn’t know about?  Why would Christian want me to be cautious? 
“What do you think your ghost means?” Jenna asked, fingering the golden rod. 
“Hmm. I don’t know. I mean, I think he’s lonely. In my dreams, he keeps telling me that he wants me to find my way to him. I mean that’s what my flower message says, right?” I paused.
“Right.” Jenna agreed. 
“So it makes sense, though I’m not sure what I’m supposed to be cautious about.” 
Jenna replied thoughtfully, “Maybe you’re supposed to be careful of your ghost.”
“Why should I be careful? It’s not like he’s trying to hurt me. He just wants me to be with him. And why would he tell me to be cautious of him? That doesn’t make any sense.”
Jenna gave me a serious look. “You say he wants you to be with him?” 
I nodded. “Yeah. At the beginning he would say things like I needed to find my way to him and that he wasn’t going to lose me again. You know, stuff like that.”
Jenna looked meaningfully at the long stalks of golden rod. “Lily, you do realize that there is only one way for you to be with him.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, you can only be with your ghost, if you become a ghost, too.”
I laughed. “Jenna, that’s crazy. You can only become a ghost if you’re dead.” I stopped. A chill ran down my spine.  I hadn’t really thought about that. Jenna was right. How could I find my way to him, if I was alive and he was dead?
I tried to push my doubts away. I didn’t think Christian would hurt me. He loved me. Then again, Jenna was right. How could I find my way to him unless I became a ghost too? My hands suddenly felt clammy. I wasn’t ready to die.
Jenna looked at me intently. “We need to find Lily Valenciana as soon as possible.” She said. 
I nodded my head in agreement.
“If we can find out what happened to her, maybe we can convince your ghost that you’re not the right Lily.”
That sounded like a good idea, unless I was the right Lily, reincarnated. I tried not to think about that. 
“Okay,”  I told her. “How do we get started?”
“Right. The vicar’s going to be at Brynmoor for dinner tonight, you can ask him about the parish registry then.” 


Chapter  11
 
For the first time since my arrival at Brynmoor the formal dining table was filled with people. Richard, my mother and I were joined by Richard’s younger brother Robert, his wife, his cousins Margaret and Olivia and their husbands, two of Richard’s boyhood friends and their wives, the vicar and his wife, Richard’s best man, Harry, and his wife.  Everyone laughed and talked while enjoying asparagus soup and coq au vin. I gave up trying to join in the conversations which seemed to center around telling stories from Sir Richard’s boyhood, the upcoming wedding and the weather forecast. 
“Well, I hope the rain won’t arrive tomorrow,” someone said.
“Of course it won’t.” Sir Richard assured everyone. “I have put in an order for nothing but sunshine tomorrow, as a present to my bride. Isn’t that correct, Vicar?” 
The vicar rolled his eyes heavenward. “We shall do our best, Richard.”
I smiled and picked at my food, but I was too distracted by my ghost problem to join in the conversation. In fact, I was so busy mulling over my problem that I didn’t manage to catch the vicar’s attention and ask him about the church registry until the fruit and cheese were being served. 
“Ah, yes.” Richard added, after overhearing my request to the vicar, “Lily has uncovered a bit of a genealogical mystery for our family. I’m sure Robert will be interested. Why don’t you tell everyone about the message you found in the book.”
I didn’t have much choice.  
While retelling my story wasn’t exactly what I had in mind, it turned out to be a good thing. After Sir Richard assured him that I was a very responsible teenager, the vicar agreed to let me review the registry. He offered to leave word with Mrs. Cooper, the woman who cleaned the church for the vicarage. She had a set of keys and could let me into the church whenever I wished. That way I wouldn’t have to wait until he returned to the village to review the information. However, after agreeing to allow me access to the historic registry, the vicar fixed me with a stern look and reminded me that this was a special privilege which was not to be abused. I promised him that I would be very careful with the registry books.  
After dinner everyone went their separate ways. The vicar and his wife drove back to the village. Richard’s sister-in-law went upstairs to check on her daughters. The men disappeared into the study to have a glass of port. I kissed my mom goodnight and headed upstairs to my room.  I lay awake staring at the ceiling for awhile before I finally fell asleep.

I was sitting on the balcony, quietly working on some embroidery. A masculine voice called my name.  I smiled and looked up expectantly. But instead of Christian, Edward Barrington approached me. I looked down quickly to hide my disappointment. 
“Well. Well. Well. Are you feeling a trifle bashful today? You needn’t. Though, they do say that a blushing maid does a virtuous wife make.” Edward stooped down and captured my hand, bringing it to his lips. 
“Hello Edward. What brings you to Brynmoor?” I asked, keeping my voice neutral. 
“Why you, my dear.” He smiled wolfishly at me. “I have just had the most lovely chat with your Aunt. We have reached an understanding.”
I could feel my hand begin to tremble, as I pulled it away from Edward’s grasp. “I don’t understand.”
“As you are well aware, your mother is not well. Your aunt thought it would be in the family’s best interest to ensure that your future is settled and secure, before your beloved mother takes a turn for the worse.
“My aunt?”
“Yes. I am here because I have your aunt’s permission to call on you at my leisure. She hopes to make an announcement of an engagement soon.” 
I pushed my chair back and stood up indignant. “Engagement !?! Edward! Are you proposing  marriage?”
Edward smirked. 
“Edward, we are not engaged! My mother is gravely ill. I could no more think of marriage at this time than…than…than you would think of paying off your debts!”
Edward’s eyes darkened in anger, his face flushed red and his fingers twitched angrily. “When you are my wife, you will no longer speak to me in that manner.”
“I have not agreed to become your wife, no matter what my aunt has told you!!” I answered hotly. I stood up to leave, but Edward grabbed my arm preventing me from doing so. “You are only a guest at Brynmoor and your aunt wishes you to leave. Where will you go? You are fortunate that I am willing to …”
“Hullo! What have we here?” Christian’s voice rang out loudly.
I looked up, jerking my arm free from Edward. Christian stood facing us, his back to the double doors of the Grand Salon. I felt my knees go weak as a feeling of relief washed over me. 
“Lily. Edward. Am I interrupting something?” Christian continued speaking as he strode toward us, but his eyes flashed angrily. He had seen my distress. 
Edward’s face turned to stone. “This matter is between Lily and myself. It does not concern you.”
 “Any matter that involves Lily is my concern.” Christian replied in a steely voice. “As it appears that you have overstayed your welcome, perhaps you had best show yourself out.” 
Edward turned toward me, bowing stiffly. “Good day, Lily. I shall call again at a more propitious time.” 
I watched Edward’s retreating figure, until he was lost from view.               

My dream was confusing. What did it mean? Poor Lily. Edward and her aunt were obviously trying to force her into a marriage she didn’t want. Marriage! I pushed aside all thoughts of my dream and focused on the day at hand. Today was my mother’s wedding day. It was not a day to worry about ghosts. 
I leaped out of bed, and crossing my fingers, opened the drapes. The gray clouds that had looked so threatening yesterday had disappeared. Instead, a bright morning sun illuminated the formal garden. Hurray! My mother was going to have a really terrific wedding. 
The garden was bursting with color and activity. I could see Mr. Fitzgibbon, Simon and several other men hurrying among the roses as they set up tables and chairs. The florists had arrived and were carrying even more flowers and greenery into the garden. I was so happy for my mom. It was the perfect day to have a wedding.
I bounded downstairs to find everyone laughing and chatting in the dining room. Sir Richard’s two young nieces were practically vibrating with excitement and expectation. Their blonde ponytails bobbed up and down as they bounced in their seats. They were so excited to be included with the adults that they could barely contain themselves. My mother sipped her coffee and smiled at their antics while their mother and tried to get them to quiet down. 
Breakfast was served by the caterers. Silver serving dishes crowded the sideboard. As I peeked under the lids, I was surprised to see some food I didn’t recognize. Sir Richard smiled at my look of confusion. He explained that we were being served a traditional hearty English breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausages, kippers, fried bread, baked beans, and orange juice. While I enjoy eating refried beans in a breakfast burrito, I wasn’t too keen on eating baked beans and fried bread for breakfast. I also decided to skip the kippers, some kind of fish thing that didn’t look very appetizing. Instead, I stuck to a traditional American breakfast, eggs and orange juice. I noticed that my mother did the same. 
After breakfast it was time to get ready and get beautiful. After all, I had a wedding to attend. 
 I showered and primped in front of the mirror. While I knew what I was going to wear, I still hadn’t decided how I was going to do my hair. I decided to put off having to fight with my hair, instead bundling it up in a towel and wrapping it turban style on the top of my head. I took my dress out of the closet and smoothed the silky fabric. 
I loved the color of the dress. It brought out a hint of green in my hazel eyes.  Even more importantly, the bodice of the dress clung to me in all the right places. 
I put it on and twirled in front of the mirror watching as the skirt swirled and showed off my long legs. I felt tall and elegant. 
Next, I put on my make up, not much just a touch of mascara, eyeliner and lipstick. I looked at my reflection in the mirror. Not bad. Of course, I couldn’t go to the wedding wearing a towel on my head. 
Sighing, I took off the towel and shook out my unruly hair. It always amazed me that people actually paid to get their hair curled. Why would anyone want curly hair? My hair never did anything I wanted it to. It was always escaping from whatever clip or clasp or elastic I tried to use on it.
  At first, I tried to tame my hair into a French braid. But my hair fought back and I had to give up.  Then I tried a regular braid, but that wasn’t elegant enough for my dress. I kept trying different hairstyles, eventually twisting it into what I hoped passed as a sophisticated bun and clipped it into place. I turned my head and tried to look at the results. A few curls escaped, but they framed my face in soft tendrils. I nodded approvingly. Not bad. 
As a final touch, I put on the pair of gold pearl drop earrings and matching necklace that my mother had given me. I looked at myself one last time in the mirror, to make sure that I hadn’t forgotten anything. I almost didn’t recognize the elegant woman staring back at me in the reflection. I gave myself a big smile. Now I was ready to go.
I knocked on my mother’s bedroom door and she called that she would be out in a second. I sauntered down the staircase and waited, keeping my self amused by studying the portraits of Sir Richard’s ancestors. I looked up when I heard my mother’s footsteps on the stairs. I almost fell off the stairs when I saw her. 
My mother was a breathtakingly beautiful bride. Her cream colored gown was simple and elegant. The dress was cut low in the back and draped in a classic line to the floor. No buttons or bows, just rich satin that shimmered in the light and showed off her smooth skin to perfection. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a chignon and held in place with a silver hair clasp covered with tiny seed pearls. She wore a pair of pearl earrings, a delicate necklace of silver and pearls graced her neck. She looked like a fairytale princess come to life.
“Mom, you look beautiful!”
She smiled. “I was about to say the same thing to you.”  She looked me up and down and sighed. “I can’t believe how grown up you are.” 
“Oh, Mom!” 
“I’m so happy to have you as my maid of honor. I can’t think of anyone else in the world I would want standing at the front of the church with me.”
“Not even Richard?” I grinned at her. 
She laughed. “Well, maybe Richard.”  Linking her arm through mine, she said, “The others have already left for the church. I think our driver is outside waiting for us. Shall we? We don’t want to keep everyone waiting.  ”
“Absolutely! Let’s go get you married!” 
   
The exterior walls of the 400-year old stone church were shrouded in ivy and laced with moss. It was small, but welcoming. My mother and I entered the church through a side door, taking refuge in the vestibule. The interior of the church was dimly lit by narrow stained glass. The windows glittered like jewels in the early afternoon sun. Bouquets of flowers adorned each wooden pew and spilled over the altar, scenting the air with their perfume. We watched as the guests crowded into the pews, chatting excitedly. My mother gave me a big smile when the organ began to play the entrance song and squeezed my hand. 
“Here we go.” She whispered.  
We walked up to the altar and my mother handed me her bouquet. As the ceremony began, a feeling of love and longing washed over me. It was so intense that it made me deliciously dizzy. I tried push back the emotions and to concentrate while my mother and Richard recited their wedding vows, but the dizziness grew worse. The longing I felt was almost palpable. I tried to focus on the ceremony, but I kept becoming distracted. I could feel this incredible longing welling up inside of me, a desire so strong that it was making me feel physically sick.
I was confused. Why was I having these feelings? My heart began to beat erratically and my body grew warm with the effort of remaining upright. Finally, not wanting to faint in the middle of my mother’s wedding I quickly left the altar and sat down in the front pew. 
The vicar gave me a curious stare, but the ceremony continued without me. I sat quietly in the pew, trying to regain my composure. 
When it was over, my mother and Richard kissed. Everyone clapped. And my mother became Countess of Yarlbury, wife of the 9th Earl of Yarlbury. 
Once we returned to Brynmoor Manor, the dizziness passed. After assuring my mother that I was fine, I went to my station in the receiving line and dutifully introduced to each of the guests. I shook hands, kissed cheeks and smiled until I thought my face would fall off. Sometime after the 112th introduction, my cheeks became numb. By the time that guest number 300 had passed by, I was ready to bolt. 
I was relieved when I finally caught sight of a familiar face. Jenna floated by me in a light blue dress. “Lily, you look absolutely smashing.” 
I grabbed Jenna’s hand, “You look great, too.” 
I gave my mom a pleading look. My mom smiled, waving me off. “Go ahead Lily, you don’t have to stay.” 
“Thanks, Mom.” 
Jenna and I raced out of the Grand Salon into the sparkling sunshine. The formal garden was filled with people. Music from the jazz band provided a backdrop to the low hum of conversations. Some of the guests had already found their tables, others stood together in small groups chatting. 
“Isn’t this lovely.” Jenna sighed. “I hope that I have a wedding just like this some day. Everything is so….so…perfect.”
I laughed.  “Yeah. My mom knows how to throw a good party.”
“And the wedding. It was so beautiful. Your mother looked absolutely perfect. I felt like I was at a royal wedding. I almost started crying. I don’t know how you managed it.”
“I was too busy concentrating on walking down the aisle without tripping or dropping my bouquet to worry about crying,” I told her. 
“Oh, Lily,” Jenna grinned. 
“Let’s find our table and get something to drink. I’ve been smiling and greeting people all morning. My lips are cracked and my throat is dry.”
We walked over to one of the waiters and asked for two cokes. We took our drinks and wandered around until we found a table with our name cards on it. As we sat down, Jenna’s eyes grew wide with surprise. 
 “Pardon me.” 
I turned toward the voice. Billy Barrington-Smythe stood behind me. His hair had been trimmed, his torn jeans and black leather jacket had been replaced with a dark blue blazer and a tie, but it was definitely the same guy who had accosted Jenna and me at the market in Shawbury. 
I glared at him. “What do you think you’re doing here?!?”
“I was invited actually. I wasn’t going to come, but my father insisted. Said I have to pay the piper and make my apologies to Sir Richard and his new step-daughter. So, I’ve come to apologize for the other day.” He glanced at Jenna, then back to me.
“Fine. You’ve apologized.” I turned my back on him. 
He moved around the table to an open chair and sat down. “I know I behaved badly, my mate and I were just having a bit of fun. It got a bit out of hand. I am sorry about that.” He gave me a smile. “I had hoped that we could become friends.”
“Are you kidding?” I asked him. 
“Not in the least.” 
“I don’t want to be friends with someone who thinks threatening people is funny.” 
Just then Charlie bounced up to our table.  He looked like he had been rolling in a mud puddle. He was covered from head to toe in a thick layer of dirt. “Jenna, Mum says you have to take me home so I can change my clothes.”
“Oh, Charlie! What have you got into?” Jenna scolded. 
Charlie gave her a wide gap-toothed grin. “Pip and me caught a rabbit.”
I laughed. “You caught a rabbit without me?” 
“A big fat brown one!” Charlie replied, bursting with pride.
Jenna groaned. “Right. You come with me and no more rabbit chasing!” She turned to me, looking meaningfully at Billy who was still seated at our table. “Do you want to come along?”
 “No thanks. I’ll be fine.” 
Jenna hurried off, towing Charlie behind her. 
After they left, Billy leaned toward me. I could smell the alcohol on his breath. He smelled and acted like he had been enjoying the refreshments for quite some time. 
“Look. I really am terribly sorry. Why don’t we start over?” He thrust out his hand, “Hullo. I’m William Barrington-Smythe and you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.”
I had to admit he was almost charming when he wasn’t harassing girls. “Nice try. But you’ll have to do better than that. I’m not the swooning type.”
“Well, at least I got you to smile. Though, I am serious. You are the most beautiful woman here and I am very terribly sorry about our first introduction.” 
“Introduction? You’d better find a new way to meet girls because you’re way off base if you think that assaulting people is an introduction!”
Billy hailed a waiter and lifted two glasses of champagne from his tray. He placed one in front of me. “Let us toast to new beginnings. I would like to make your acquaintance and make amends.”
“Not interested.” I pushed the champagne glass away from me.
“Well, I am very interested.” Billy reached across the table grabbing my hand insistently. As he leaned toward me, once again I smelled alcohol on his breath. It was fairly apparent that this wasn’t Billy’s first glass of champagne.
“Why don’t you just leave me alone?” I tugged my hand out of his grasp.
“Not until after we have a toast to new beginnings.” Billy insisted.
“I believe the lady would like you to leave.” Simon’s voice was cool. He had approached the table without either of us noticing. 
“Oh. Good. The hired help has arrived,” Billy said snottily. He leaned back and took a big swig of Champagne from his glass. “Perhaps you forgot, but the help are supposed to eat in the kitchen. This is an invitation only event, Fitzgibbon.”
“Right. And I’m inviting you to leave,” Simon retorted.
I rolled my eyes at Simon. “Thanks Simon, but I don’t need a babysitter. Remember? We’ve already had this discussion.”
 “Yeah. Why don’t you shove off, Fitzgibbon.” Billy’s eyes were hard. “You’re playing outside your league. Go back to the stables where you belong.” 
Simon looked coolly at Billy, “Better the stables than the gaol.”
 Billy leaped up from the table, knocking over his chair. “Who the hell do you think you are?” 
Billy and Simon stared at each other, red-faced and snorting like two angry bulls. 
I stood up and pushed my chair back from the table. “Hey guys. Thanks for the entertainment, but I’m leaving. There’s way too much testosterone around here for me.” Turning my back on them, I walked away from the table and the party.
I crossed the lawn until I found a nice quiet bench under a shady tree. It was far enough away from the party to avoid people, but close enough so that I could hear faint strains of music. A couple of birds were trilling and whistling in the leafy branches, while I relaxed underneath. The garden was at its peak and the air was perfumed with the scent of Mr. Fitzgibbon’s carefully tended roses. I settled onto the bench and let the sounds of the party wash over me.
I needed a little quiet time to think. My mother was married. She seemed to be happy and content and I was happy for her, but what that meant for the long-term I didn’t really know. Things were going to change. I just wasn’t sure how much and how fast. I knew my mom was planning on returning to L.A. with me, so that I could finish high school, but after that she’d be in England and I would be… where? I didn’t know. This was the summer I was supposed to be checking out colleges. Instead I was spending my time in a haunted house in England.
I leaned back, closing my eyes. As I did, I heard the music change. Instead of the jazz combo, the band began to play a waltz. 

 “There you are.” Christian sat on the bench next to me. He looked very handsome. The rich blue silk of his waistcoat brought out the intense color of his eyes. “You disappeared from the party.”
“I wanted to catch my breath.” 
“You’re not hiding from me are you?” His eyes twinkled. He gently took my hand and raised it to his lips. “I would be quite devastated if you were to leave.” His soft lips brushed my skin making it tingle.
“Your mother does not wish me to stay.”
“My mother is not the master of Brynmoor.”
“Nor or you.” 
“Not yet, but someday, I shall be.” He looked beseechingly at me. “Please come with me, Lily. I will not be able to enjoy my party without you by my side.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “How could I deny you anything on your birthday? Perhaps I should give you your present now?” 
“Only if you will give me a birthday kiss to go with it.” 
“Oh. You are quite impossible.” I handed him a small book wrapped with ribbon. He opened the book looking bemused. 
“Read the inscription,” I instructed, pointing to the note I had written on the fly leaf of the book.
“Ah. So you think I have a fierce and passionate nature, do you?” He laughed merrily, kissing me lightly on the lips.
“Well, you certainly seem to require a great number of birthday kisses.”

I abruptly opened my eyes. I looked around and conducted a quick sanity check. Tree. Check. Bench. Check. 21st century. Check. Wedding reception. Check.  Ghostly hallucination. Check.  So, I was as sane today as I was yesterday. Assuming I was sane yesterday. 
It was a little disconcerting to have these weird memories filling my head any time I closed my eyes. But, I wasn’t freaked out the way I was yesterday. I guess you can get used to anything. I wondered idly if Christian followed me around like some invisible guardian angel, waiting until I stumbled upon a memory that he could share with me.  
After my encounter with Billy and my visit from Christian, I didn’t feel like returning to my mother’s party. I wandered over to the manor house, intending to hide out for a while. I grabbed a couple of mushroom pastry things from a tray as I passed through the kitchen, finding my way to the drawing room. My mother’s computer was sitting on a small mahogany writing desk where she had left it the night before. 
I turned it on and decided that I would do a little research. I was tired of worrying about going crazy. I was tired of worrying about ghosts and reincarnation and karma. I was certain that someone somewhere had something to say about ghosts and daytime paranormal experiences. Maybe, someone somewhere had suffered the same ghostly experiences I had. 
I started an internet search, hoping to find something useful. After refining my search terms several times, I was able to weed out most of the wacky séance stuff. I skimmed through information from various people purporting to be experts in supernatural visitations or channeling spirits. Most of it seemed to be silly gibberish. I was just about to give up when I came across a paper by Dr. J.P. Morgan titled Local Hauntings and Atmospheric Psychic Imprints. Part of the paper caught my attention:

Most hauntings may be attributed to an event that has left a lasting psychic imprint in the atmosphere. An event which creates a particularly strong emotion seen or felt by a living person may be said to cause a change in the atmosphere of the particular location where this emotion occurred. This psychic event leaves its imprint in the atmosphere causing what we have come to call a haunting or spiritual manifestation.
The haunting of particular locations may be noticed in varying degrees by different individuals, depending upon their psychic sensitivity. Much like electricity which is invisibly generated in the air around us by the movement of electrons and protons, this psychic imprint remains in the atmosphere. It lies dormant or invisible to us until a psychic conduit appears. Just as electricity needs conductive material to channel energy, the psychic imprint also requires a conduit. This usually takes the form of an individual experiencing some type of auditory, visual, or tactile manifestation of the atmospheric imprint. Some individuals are particularly sensitive to atmospheric psychic imprints and may become long-term conduits for the expression of the strong emotions associated with a particular location.

Wow! I read Dr. Morgan’s paper several times. Once I deciphered what Dr. Morgan was trying to say (words like “conductive material” and “long-term conduits” tend to make me go cross-eyed) it sounded possible. I knew I was definitely suffering from auditory, visual, and tactile supernatural manifestations. Plus the idea of psychic imprints of emotional events explained a lot of things. It could help explain the wave of dizziness and the emotions I had felt at the church. Maybe Christian’s intense emotions of love were imprinted in the church. Maybe Christian and Lily had been married in that same church. 
If Dr. Morgan was right, I wasn’t the reincarnation of Lily Valenciana which was probably a good thing. I didn’t really want to have someone else inhabiting my mind with me. I figured at this point in my life, there was barely enough room for one person in my head, and I wanted it to stay that way. The idea of being a pipeline for ghostly emotions and memories sounded pretty good. It sounded a lot better than being the reincarnation of someone I didn’t really know.
 Unfortunately, while Dr. Morgan’s paper had quite a lot to say about atmospheric psychic imprints, it did not provide any information about how to stop them. Then again, I wasn’t sure that I wanted to stop Christian’s memories and emotions. I liked him. I mean I really liked him. I look forward to spending time with him. I liked the way he looked at me and the way he made me feel. Okay, I knew that Christian was really in love with Lily Valenciana and not me. But so what? It couldn’t hurt to enjoy the benefits of the psychic imprints they had left behind at Brynmoor Manor. Besides, as of right now, Lily Valenciana’s love life was definitely more exciting than mine. 


Chapter  12

The same night of my mother’s wedding, I dreamt of another mother’s funeral. 

 The guests wore somber colors and the servants wore black armbands around their sleeves. At one end of the dimly lit room lay a wooden casket surrounded by candles. 
“She never recovered her health after she returned from Spain.”
“Headstrong and impulsive when she was young. Just like her daughter.”
“Tsk tsk. She’d been ill for sometime.”
“Poor thing.”
“Well it was to be expected.”
The low murmur of hushed voices stopped as I entered the room. I looked toward the casket. I felt as if icy fingers were squeezing my heart. I couldn’t breath or speak. My mother was dead. 
Christian stood beside me. “Lean on me,” he whispered. “I will be at your side as long as you have need of me.”
I nodded, tears welling up in my eyes. We walked slowly through the crowd of mourners toward the casket. The pall bearers lifted the casket and we filed outside into the church cemetery. 
The day was cold, gray and windy. The leafless trunks and branches of the trees rattled like blackened bones reaching toward the sky. My mother was dead. 
Christian wrapped his arm around my waist supporting me. “Do not be afraid, Lily. I will take care of you. I will always be here for you.” I turned my head toward his shoulder and sobbed.

When I woke up my pillow was drenched with tears. A feeling of terrible grief filled me. ‘Not my mother,’ I told myself. I whispered it like a mantra: “Not my mother. Not my mother.” It was Lily Valenciana’s mother. She was the one who had died. My mother was happily married and sleeping in another room. I knew this, but I still wanted to leap out of bed and check, just to make sure. I forced myself to breathe slowly and deeply, trying to chase away the terrible aching sadness. 
I told myself it was just a dream. But, I knew that it wasn’t just a dream. It had happened. Lily Valenciana’s mother had died and Lily was consumed with grief. I lay awake in bed for a long time, mourning for her and her mother.
At breakfast I rushed to my mother and gave her a big bear hug. I was almost giddy with relief to see her so happy and healthy.
“What a greeting!” My mother exclaimed. “You certainly got up on the right side of the bed this morning.”
“I’m just so happy for you, Mom.” I gave her another hug. “I’m so lucky to have you for my mom.
“I feel the same way, honey. I couldn’t wish for a better daughter.”
I took my plate and poured myself a cup of coffee. “Where’s the rest of the crowd this morning?” I asked as I slathered strawberry jam on my toast. 
“Oh, here and there. Richard was up with the birds, of course. Harry and his wife are strolling the grounds. The cousins are still in bed. Robert and his family decided to leave yesterday after the reception. So it looks like it’s just you and me for breakfast this morning.”
“Good. Just like old times,” I told her. “By the way Mom, you were a beautiful bride.”
“Every bride is beautiful, sweetheart.”
I rolled my eyes. “Not true and you know it.” I said between mouthfuls of toast and jam. “Remember your friend Shelly’s wedding? She looked like a toasted marshmallow in her dress. All that crinkly poofy fabric.”
She laughed. “Alright, we’ll just say most brides are beautiful. So what’s on your schedule today?” 
“Well, I thought I’d go over to the stable and get in a quick ride. Simon says I can take Posy out as long as I stay in the paddock. After that, I’m going to go to the village and find Mrs. Cooper. The vicar said she would let me into the church so I can check the registry for information on Lily Valenciana.”
“Well,” my mother said brightly, “Sounds like you have a full day planned.”
The gray clouds were back this morning, but nothing could dampen my sunny disposition. My dream from last night had given me a new appreciation of all the wonderful things in my life. 
Pip came running up greet me as I approached the stable, barking enthusiastically. He butted me with his shaggy black head. “Okay. Okay, I give up.” How could I resist such cheery greeting? I reached down to scratch his ears. “You are a big pain,” I told him.
“Are you talking to me or to Pip?” Simon asked pushing the wheelbarrow around the side of the barn. Simon was wearing his usual torn jeans, faded t-shirt and heavy work boots. Why is it that some guys look so good in ratty, ragged clothes?
“I was talking to Pip, but I probably could say the same thing about you.” I gave him a small smile to take the sting out my words. “I really don’t need saving you know. Yesterday, at the wedding reception, I had things under control. I have a lot of experience dealing with obnoxious jerks like Billy.”
Simon parked the wheelbarrow and arched an eyebrow. “Do you now?”
“I go to public high school in Los Angeles. The accents are different, but the jerk factor is the same.”
Simon’s brown eyes darkened with dislike. “Billy is a bloody sod. The only reason he’s not locked away in the gaol is because his last name is Barrington-Smythe.” 
“I’ll keep that in mind. But I have to tell you, I’m not some damsel in distress that needs a gallant English knight to come riding to my rescue every five minutes.”
“Hmm. I’ll take that under advisement.” 
“Good. So I was wondering if I could ride Posy this morning. Is that okay?”
“Absolutely. Give me a moment and I’ll get her saddled for you.” 
I gave Simon a look. “You did say that I could do this on my own, right?”
“Ah. Quite. I forgot. No damsels needing assistance. Got it.” He bowed low, pretending to doff an invisible hat, “I will be at your service, my lady, but only at your request.” 
I giggled and waved a majestic hand in his direction. “I will call if I have need of your services,” I said in my best aristocratic voice. “You are dismissed at this time.”
Simon grinned and nodded. “Right then. I am at your beck and call, my lady.” 
I walked beside him as he pushed the wheelbarrow, until I came to Posy’s stall. 
Posy greeted me enthusiastically. I wanted to think it was because she was excited to see me, but more than likely it was the sugar cubes I had smuggled from breakfast. 
She eagerly nuzzled my pockets while I waited until Simon disappeared into one of the other stalls. As soon as he was gone, I gave Posy her treats. She whickered happily.
It was a struggle, but I managed to get the saddle and bridle on Posy without too much trouble. Of course, it took me much longer then it would have taken Simon, but I really wanted to do this on my own. 
Posy was her usual patient self and stood quietly while I worked on tightening the various straps and buckles. After I got everything cinched up, I led her out of the stables feeling quite pleased with myself. We ambled over to the paddock so that we could work through our paces. We walked. We trotted. We cantered. We changed directions. Then we did it again. After awhile, I noticed we had an audience. Simon sat atop the white fence, watching us.
After trotting around the paddock, I stopped in front of him. “Well?”
“Well what?”
“Don’t you want to tell me to put my heels down or sit straight or loosen up on the reins or something?”
He smiled, brushing the hair back from his forehead. “No. You have good balance and a soft touch. You’re doing quite well on your own.”
I flushed with pleasure. “Thanks.”
He gave me a wide grin. “By the way, I’m going to the village this afternoon, if you want to find Jenna, the two of you can catch a lift with me.”
“That’d be great!” I told him enthusiastically. “I’ll finish up here and go get Jenna.”
After returning Posy to her stall and brushing her, I hurried over to the Fitzgibbon cottage. Jenna was more than happy to go to the village with me. She was in charge of Charlie, but she thought we could drop him off at the home of a friend, giving us time to research the church registry books. I rushed back to Brynmoor to shower and change my clothes.
When I returned to the Fitzgibbon cottage, Jenna was taking some muffins out of the oven. 
“Mmm. Smells good.” I told her, sniffing the air appreciatively. 
“They’re for poor old Joseph. My mum asked me to bake him some hot cross buns.”
I laughed out loud. 
“What’s so funny?” Jenna asked, perplexed.
“Hot cross buns. I thought that was just a nursery rhyme. You know ‘Hot cross buns! Hot cross buns! One a penny, two a penny, Hot cross buns!’  I didn’t know that people actually ate them.” Then, because I couldn’t help myself, I added, “I suppose the muffin man on Drury lane bakes them too.”
Jenna giggled. “Well, nursery rhymes have to come from somewhere. Here.” She drizzled a sugar glaze on one of the buns and handed it to me. “Try one.”
I bit into the soft muffin. “This is delicious.” I told her, between mouthfuls. The bread was laced with cinnamon and raisins. “It’s almost like a cinnamon roll, but not as gooey.” 
Jenna finished decorating the buns. We wrapped them up for Old Joseph and chased down Charlie. We were organized and ready to leave by the time Simon pulled up in front of the cottage. 
Simon left us off in the village and sped out to Old Joseph’s with the hot cross buns before heading over to see Doctor Eames. After Jenna and I walked Charlie over to his friend’s house, we collected the key from Mrs. Cooper and made our way to St. John’s-in-the-Field Church. 
Jenna and I let ourselves into the church office. It was a small, plain room that had definitely seen better days. There wasn’t much furniture in the room. An old wooden table heavily scarred and pitted from years of use, four chairs, a couple of old metal filing cabinets and shelves with heavy leather-bound books were the only things in the room. An old computer sat on one end of the table. 
“I guess the records are computerized now.” I said, gesturing toward the computer. “I wonder if we need a password or something. The vicar didn’t say anything about a computer.”
Jenna shrugged her shoulders. “It’s possible that all the records are computerized. But maybe they just do that with the new ones. I think what we need is in the old church ledgers.” She pointed to the books. 
“I looked at the dates on the books. “Yeah. I think you’re right.” I grabbed a couple of the books from the shelves for us. The old leather books smelled musty. They probably hadn’t been looked at in years. 
Jenna wrinkled her nose, as she held up one of the books. “So where should we start?”
“Well, if Christian died in 1851, I guess we should start with that year and see what we come up with.” I told her.
We checked over the shelves of books, looking for dates.
“It looks like there are separate books, one for burials, one for marriages, and one for baptisms.” I handed Jenna one of the books, why don’t you start with burials, while I look around and see if I can find anything else that might help.”
Jenna settled into a chair, resting the book on the scarred surface of the wooden table and began to work, while I looked for other books that might be useful. She turned pages, reading quietly for a few moments.
“Oh this is just so sad.” She sighed. “So many babies and children. Listen to this.” She read aloud. “William Monk aged 3 months buried with his mother, Florence Anne Monk aged 29 (wife of Mathias Monk), fever. February 8 1851. Grace Daniel Daly aged 4 years, drowned. February 20, 1851. Mary Maude Nesbit age 3 days, buried March 4.” She looked up at me, tears in her eyes, “Isn’t that sad, it just goes on and on.”
I nodded. “I think that’s the way it was back then. They didn’t have much medicine and I’m not sure the doctors really knew what they were doing. If you want, you can start with the marriages and I’ll read the burials later.” I offered. 
“No that’s alright. I can manage.”
Jenna continued reading the registry of graves and burials, while I rummaged through the bookcase. I pulled out all the books that looked like they had information for the year 1851. 
I had just opened one of the books and started trying to decipher the old-fashioned handwriting when I was interrupted by Jenna.
“Brilliant!” 
I looked up expectantly. “Did you find Lily?” I asked.
“No. But I found your ghost. Look!” She pushed the heavy leather book over to me so that I could read the entry. “It’s about half-way down the page.” 
I quickly scanned the page until I found it. 

Christian William Hulse, age 22, Viscount Hulse (son of Lord Richard Hulse (Earl of Yarlbury) and Lady Anne Hulse (Ashburnham) . Buried July 18, 1851. Upper Churchyard, Hulse family.  

I reread the ledger. The information about Christian’s burial seemed unreal to me. He seemed so alive in my dreams that it was hard to believe that he was dead and buried in the cemetery. I felt as if I was reading about someone else, not my Christian. 
I skimmed the rest of the page, but I didn’t find any reference to Adelinia Lucia Valenciana Hulse anywhere. So it didn’t look like she had died, at least not at the same time Christian had. Then, I recalled by dream from last night. I wondered if Lily’s mother’s burial was registered also.
“Do you remember seeing an entry for Elizabeth Valenciana or maybe Elizabeth Hulse?” I asked her. 
Jenna shook her head. “No, I would have remembered the last names. Who is Elizabeth Valenciana? I thought we were looking for Adelina Lucia?”
“We are. But Lily’s mother’s name was Elizabeth. She died at Brynmoor, so she should be in the registry also.”
“Well, maybe she died after Christian?”
I shook my head. “No, she definitely died before he did. Maybe she’s in a different book. She might have died in 1850, not 1851.” 
Why don’t you pass me the book again. Let me finish looking for Lily’s name. Then we can check out the entries for 1850.”
I passed the book back to Jenna. “That’s strange.” I said, thinking about the entry we found for Christian.
“What?”
“It doesn’t say how Christian died. The rest of the entry’s do, but there wasn’t anything written for Christian. 
Jenna shrugged. “It was a riding accident. They found his body in the wood. Everyone knows that.” 
“I guess.”
“Besides they didn’t write down how they died for everybody. See.” 
She pointed to another entry. 
I nodded my head.
Jenna continued looking through the burial registry and I started on the marriage registry. 
We worked for about an hour. I couldn’t find any references to Valencianas or Hulses marrying. Jenna found Lily’s mom, buried December 5, 1850, but no sign of Lily. At 4 o’clock Jenna said she had to leave to pick up Charlie from his friend’s house, but I wasn’t ready to leave. I didn’t know when I would get another chance to check the registry books and I wanted to make the most of my visit to the church’s office.
“You can go ahead with Simon. I’ll walk back to Brynmoor.” I told her. “I want to stay and finish up.”
Jenna flashed me a crooked grin. “Not ready to give up on your ghost?” She looked out the window, “Looks like it’s going to rain. Are you sure you want to walk back?”
I nodded. “I won’t melt. Besides, I probably won’t be much longer.”
“Right. I’m off then.” 
I grabbed the baptism registry. Why not? I wasn’t sure what I was looking for, but I thought I would be thorough.  I skimmed through the entries in the book, starting with the year 1851. I couldn’t believe it, when I found the entry. 

 Adelina Lucia Valenciana de Hulse, Age 18 years. June 12, 1851.  

I had found Lily. But Baptised? It didn’t make sense. Why would Lily get baptized? Then I remembered. My mother had to go to classes and get baptized in the Anglican Church so that she could marry Sir Richard. Was Lily getting baptized for the same reason? Her father was Spanish, so she was probably Roman Catholic, not Anglican. It would make sense that she would have to convert to marry someone in the Church of England. I grabbed the marriage registry and looked for her name again. She wasn’t listed anywhere. Nor was she listed in the registry for 1852. 
I put the books down and thought. I knew that my guess about Lily’s baptism and marriage made sense. I thought back to the feelings of longing and love that had overwhelmed me at my mother’s wedding. I was pretty sure Christian and Lily had been planning to marry, but what happened?  If that were true, why wasn’t she in the registry? Maybe Christian had died before they could get married. Maybe that’s why he was haunting me. He wanted me to find Lily so….so what?  So they could get married? That didn’t make sense. Ghosts didn’t get married.
Of course, I didn’t really know what ghosts did. Maybe they could get married or at least joined together for eternity or something. Maybe Christian wanted their spirits to be together and for some reason they couldn’t be unless I found Lily. Maybe that’s why he was haunting me.
Another thought popped into my head. I felt a cold tremor move up my spine. Of course, if I was the reincarnation of Lily Valenciana, then, well, how would that work? Did Christian need me to pledge myself spiritually to him? Maybe that was what the weird stuff in the church was all about. 
I shook my head to clear the thought from my mind. No, that wasn’t it. I reminded myself that I had already decided that the reincarnation thing wasn’t what I was experiencing. At least, I hoped it wasn’t. I was nothing more than a conduit for a simple, non-threatening atmospheric psychic imprint left by an unhappy spirit. Dr. J.P. Morgan couldn’t be wrong, could he?
Bending over the book, I turned another page. I studied the list of baptisms. Of course, just because Lily was baptized at St. Johns church, didn’t mean that she was married at the same church. She could have been baptized here and married somewhere else. I made a mental note to ask about other churches around the area. 
Another thought flitted into my brain. Maybe she married someone else, not Christian. I couldn’t believe that, but perhaps she had been forced to do it. Maybe Edward managed to force her to marry him. That could explain why Christian was haunting me. I knew that Christian and Lily belonged together. If they had not been able to marry, that would definitely be cause enough for Christian to haunt Brynmoor and me.
The sound of rain tapping against the windows, made me look up. Jenna was right. I was going to have a wet walk back to Brynmoor Manor. I carefully closed the books and stared glumly out the window. Not only was it raining, but it also looked very windy. Wet leaves skittered across the church lawn with the gusting wind. 
I sighed. I wondered if I could wait out the storm. Eventually I decided against it, because walking back in the dark was even less appealing that walking back in the rain. 
I put on my jacket and stood in the doorway looking balefully at the rain drops spattering the front walk. I was trying to get myself motivated for my wet hike to Brynmoor, when a sleek black sports car pulled up in front of the church office. Billy Barrington-Smythe rolled down the window of the car.
“Hullo. Care for a lift?”
“No, thanks.” I stepped back into the office, closing the door behind me. Unfortunately, I forgot to lock it.
A few minutes later, a damp Billy pushed open the office door. 
I glared at him. “What do you want?”
“That’s not a very warm welcome.” He smiled at me, though his smile didn’t reach his eyes. 
“Look, I thought I made it pretty clear that I don’t want to have anything to do with you.”
“Right. But then I realized that you don’t really know me.” He smiled, raising his eyebrows suggestively. “Most people like me after they get to know me.”
“I’m not interested.”  I began picking up the registry books, returning them to the shelves.
He circled around the table to face me, “Let me give you a lift.”
I ignored him and continued replacing the books on the shelves. 
His eyes flashed with anger, though I could tell he was trying to keep it under control. “Most girls would love a chance to ride in my car.”
“Then you better go find one of them, because I’m not interested.”
Suddenly he reached across the table and grabbed my arm. “Let me buy you a drink at the pub.”  He gave me a thin smile. 
I pulled my arm away. “I’m going to tell you again. I—am—not—interested.” I pronounced each word slowly and clearly, so that he would understand. “Now, you need to leave.”
He laughed. “Are you going to make me?”
I started feeling a little nervous. Billy had a very threatening look on his face.
I realized that the church was on the outskirts of the village, fairly isolated from any of the other cottages. I wasn’t really in much of a position to make him do anything, and no one else was around to help me. My radar was up. I knew I didn’t want to go anywhere with Billy, but I also knew that I wasn’t going to be able to force him to leave. I changed tactics.
“Look, I have another ride coming,” I lied. “So thanks for the offer, but I don’t need a ride home.”
“Right. I’ll just keep you company then, until your ride comes,” he said with a wicked grin.
“You don’t need to. I’m fine. Besides you’ll be bored. 
“I think I’ll be able to find something to amuse myself while I wait.” He answered, leaning his body against the door frame. 
I finished returning the books, while Billy watched silently. I could feel his eyes following me even when my back was toward him.  
After I shelved the last book, he smiled. “Brilliant. You’re done. Nothing to do but wait for your ride.”  His eyes had a predatory gleam about them.
I could tell by the way he spoke that he didn’t believe that someone was coming for me. “Yep,” I said, looking pointedly at the front door.  “Any minute.”
“So what should we do until your ride gets here?” He asked suggestively, his lips curling into a slow smile. 
“Well I’m going to wait outside.” I didn’t want to be stuck in the small room with Billy. At least if I was outside, I had room to escape from him, if I had to.
Billy stood up blocking my way to the door. “Now why would you want to go out and wait in the rain, when we’re so cozy in here?” He asked.  He took a couple steps toward me. Out of reflex, I backed up and found myself pressed up against the bookshelves, with nowhere to go. Billy placed his hands on either side of my shoulders, trapping me in the middle. 
My heart was racing with fear, but I was also angry. I didn’t like bullies and I wasn’t going to let myself become a victim. I pushed at Billy’s chest, but he didn’t move. 
“Leave me alone! I told you I’m not interested.”
Billy laughed, but his face was hard. “You’re a feisty bit of fluff, aren’t you?”
That was it! I was angry and frightened and reacted both in panic and fury.
I brought my knee up as hard as I could. Billy howled in surprise. Using the wall behind me for leverage, I launched myself at him, pushing him over. He fell on his back and I landed on my knees. Scrambling to my feet, I tried to make a break for the door.
“Why you little…” He gasped. He grabbed my ankle, but I kicked him as hard as I could. My foot connected with his nose. I could hear him yelling as I sprinted through the front door and out into the rain. I raced down the walkway. 
My only thought was to get as far away from Billy as I could. I raced away from the church office in a blind panic, with no sense of where I was going when I collided with a very concerned and very solid Simon
“Simon!”  I clung to him, my legs shaking. He wrapped his arms around me to keep me from falling.
Billy, roaring in anger, burst out of the church office, his nose dripping blood.  He took one look at Simon and me and stopped.  Putting his hand to his bleeding nose, he hobbled over to his car. Wrenching the door open, he screamed an obscenity at us. Then, tires squealing and engine racing, his little black sports car tore out of the parking lot.
My legs gave way and I slumped against the strong, comforting form of Simon. 
“Are you alright?” He asked. 
“Fine.” I mumbled. Then to my embarrassment, I started to sob. 
Simon wrapped his arms around me and let me cry. My tears mingled with the large fat raindrops that were soaking both of us.
 “I’m sorry,” I sniffled. “I don’t know why I’m crying.” 
He tenderly brushed the hair back from my face. “I suspect you feel a bit wonky. You were scared and now you’re having a delayed reaction. It’s alright. You cry as long as you like.”
I gulped and took a shaky breath. “You’re getting wet. We’d better go inside.”
“Do you want to tell me what happened?”  He asked, as we walked back to the church office.
After we got out of the rain, I gave him a brief summary of what happened, adding, “I’m okay now. I think I over-reacted.” 
Simon shook his head. “No. I don’t think so.” He looked down at me. “Billy has been involved in something like this before.” He cupped my chin, tilting it up, so I was looking at him. “You should always trust your instincts. Self-preservation is hard-wired into most animals, including humans. You were threatened and you reacted to that threat. It’s called the flight or fight response. You did not over-react.” 
I smiled. “Well, my instincts were definitely working today. I think I broke Billy’s nose.” 
Simon’s face darkened with anger. “He’s lucky that’s all he got. He deserved much worse.” 
Simon waited while I closed up the office. I made sure to carefully lock the door before getting in the truck with Simon. With the heater on full blast, we drove over to Mrs. Cooper’s house. 
Mrs. Cooper’s round, cheerful face greeted me as soon as I approached her front door.
“Oh, my! You look as if you are half-drowned.”  She exclaimed, looking concerned. 
I pushed the wet hair out of my eyes and handed her the key I had borrowed. “I forgot my umbrella.” I told her as I stood dripping on her front porch.
Mrs. Cooper clucked sympathetically, her gray curls bouncing up and down as she bobbed her head. “Would you like mine dear?” 
I shook my head. “No, thank you. Simon is in the car waiting for me.” 
“Oh is he now?” She looked over at Simon taking in his wet bedraggled appearance also.  “Well, I see.” She gave me a knowing look. “Looks like you both got caught in the rain. You tell Simon to say hullo to his mum for me.” She waved at Simon and watched until we pulled away from her house, a wide smile creasing her round face. 
During the drive, Simon encouraged me to call the police and file a report. I refused. 
“Look. The only person who got hurt was Billy. If I file a report, he’ll probably file charges against me for assault.” I hunched in the front seat, wet, cold and miserable. Even the warm air blasting out of the vents couldn’t chase away the chill I was feeling.
“Right. And if you and Jenna had filed a report about the incident in the market the authorities could see a pattern to his behavior.”
“You’re probably right, but I don’t know. It’s just that he didn’t really do anything.”
Simon’s eyebrows knit together in anger. “He frightened you. You felt threatened. That’s enough.”
I slumped back against the seat. “I know you’re probably right. But right now, all I want is a hot bath and dry clothes. Besides Billy’s father is a friend of Sir Richard. I mean they were guests at the wedding.” I sighed and wrapped my arms around myself for warmth. “It just makes everything so complicated. Please do me a favor, don’t say anything to my mom or Sir Richard.” 
Simon didn’t promise anything, but he gave me a sympathetic look and let the matter drop. 
The wind and rain had begun to let up a bit, but it was still drizzling. The rhythmic sound of the windshield wipers as they moved back and forth was soothing. I listened to them shushing back and forth, while we rode in silence. Simon glanced at me every so often, making sure I was okay. I didn’t feel like talking anymore. I was wet and cold, and I felt a bit, as Simon so accurately described it, wonky. 
As we drove up to the circular drive in front of the house, I suddenly realized something. “Why were you at the church anyway?” I asked Simon.  “Didn’t you drive Jenna and Charlie home?” 
“I did.” Simon smiled. “But after I left off Jenna and Charlie, it started to rain. I came back to see if you fancied a lift.” He gave me a sly glance. “Though I almost turned round, since you made it quite clear that you didn’t wish to be treated like a damsel in distress.”
“Simon,” I said, smiling slowly. “I was a damsel in distress.” I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you. You make a great knight in shining armor.” I hopped out of the car and dashed into Brynmoor Manor. 


Chapter  13

I could see Christian and his mother. They were seated outside enjoying tea amidst the shrubs and hedges of the formal garden. I descended the balcony walkway and headed toward them, though I was shielded from their view by the heavy foliage. As I approached, I overheard their discussion. 
 “I will not allow it!” Lady Yarlbury’s declaration was accompanied by the clink of a tea cup being set a bit too firmly on its saucer. Her voice was brittle. 
“Who has earned your ire this week, Mother?” Christian asked teasingly.
I paused, not wanting to interrupt their conversation. LadyYarlbury was formidable even during the best of times. I knew from experience it was best to avoid her when she was angry.
“I am quite serious, Christian.”
“All right, Mother. What won’t you have?” Christian asked, calmly.
“I’ll not have you sully the good name of our family. You must choose another.”
“Mother, really. You are impossible to please. First you prod me relentlessly with your tireless matchmaking, now you despair when I show an interest in someone?” Christian asked, laughing lightly.
His mother’s voice was angry. “This is not a laughing matter. I have made arrangements with the Barrington family to secure Lily’s future. I do not wish you to confuse the girl with your attentions.”
“Mother, you cannot possibly hope to marry off our Lily to that yeasty slow-witted clotpole. He is not worthy of her.”
Really, Christian. Lily is not worthy of you. Nor is she worthy of the Hulse family name!”
Christian’s voice was tinged with sarcasm. “Lily already carries the Hulse family name, or have you forgotten?”
“Christian,” Lady Yarlbury began in a more soothing tone, “I am only concerned for your welfare. There are so many other eligible young ladies from good families who would relish the opportunity to become your wife. Why do you insist on spending time with Lily? She is…” Lady Yarlbury faltered, searching for words, “She is certainly not equal to your station.”
I didn’t wait to hear Christian’s response. I gathered my skirts and quietly fled from the garden.

My dream left me with more questions than answers. I woke up thinking about Christian and Lily marrying and Lady Yarlbury forbidding the marriage. I thought that I was right about the baptism. Lily had been baptized so she could marry in the church. But who was she marrying? Edward? Christian? Someone else?  And why was there no marriage listed in the registry? Had Christian died before they could wed? If so, what happened to Lily? Where did she go? Did Lady Yarlbury prevent her marriage? Did she send Lily away? Maybe that explained the note in the back of the book. But why would Lily leave? I shook my head. I had too many questions and not enough answers.
I ate breakfast with my mom. She asked how my research was going, so I filled her in on my progress, but didn’t tell her anything about my encounter with Billy. Afterward, I decided to take a break from ghosts. I logged on to my mom’s laptop and checked in with my friends in L.A. We swapped information about our summer vacations. Some of my friends were touring college campuses with their families. Others were hanging out at home. I was the only one learning to ride horses and speak the Queen’s English. I didn’t tell any of them about Christian. It was too much to try and explain, especially since I couldn’t even explain it to myself.
Later, I wandered around Brynmoor, trying to decide what to do with myself. I wanted to find some of the answers to the questions I had dancing around in my brain, but I wasn’t sure where to look. I decided to hunt down Jenna and see if she had any more ideas. Plus, I wanted to go on my first trail ride and I was hoping that Jenna would go with me. 
Thinking positively, I changed into riding clothes and I strolled over to the Fitzgibbon’s cottage where I found Jenna finishing her chores. She was hanging laundry in the back yard. She said she would go with me, as soon as she finished.
“Wow! I don’t know anyone who hangs their laundry on a clothesline.” I told her, squinting up at the gray sky. 
Jenna followed my look. “It won’t rain today.” She said with confidence. She shrugged her shoulders and laughed. “Even if it does rain, it’ll just give them an extra wash. Here.” She handed me a laundry basket full of wet clothes. “Would you give me a hand?” 
While she pulled out shirts and pants from the basket and pinned them to the line, I dutifully followed her carrying the basket of wet clothes. 
“There.” She smiled when the last pair of wet socks was hung on the line. “Now let me change and we can go to the stable.”
I rode Posy and Jenna rode a gray gelding named Wind Dancer, though everyone just called him Dancer. We trotted along the gravel road from Brynmoor, veering left where the road divided near the village. Pip, looking for adventure, followed us. From time to time, he dashed off the road into the fields barking happily as he flushed some unsuspecting bird or animal out of its hiding place. 
The gravel road gradually turned into a hiking and riding trail, bordered by shrubs, grasses and wild flowers. Jenna and I managed to ride side by side, though the dirt path narrowed as it meandered through the fields. 
“So what’s it like when you see your ghost?” Jenna asked, eyeing me curiously. “Doesn’t it make you feel weird to have some ghost haunting you?
“What do you mean?”
 “I don’t know, is he all shimmery? Can you see through him, does he pass through walls, stuff like that.”
  I shook my head. “No. And he doesn’t moan and clank chains either. He’s not scary and he’s not out to hurt me. He looks like a regular guy. He’s really nice and…I don’t know. It’s more like having a dream. I go to sleep and he’s there in my head. I’m there too, only it’s not me and it is me at the same time. It’s like I’m part of some movie where I have the script memorized, but I’m watching it too.
Jenna looked troubled. “Is it like you’re possessed or something.” 
“Well. I’m not levitating off my bed and my head isn’t spinning around. So I don’t think I’m possessed.” I told her with more confidence than I felt. 
A small part of me worried that I was possessed by Christian, but another part of me didn’t care. It felt so good to belong to him, to be with him, that I guess I thought it just didn’t matter, as long as he continued to love me. 
I tried to explain to Jenna. “It’s kind of like I’m two people. In my dreams, I wear long dresses and talk kind of old-fashioned, but I feel everything that Lily Valenciana feels. If she’s sad, I’m sad. If she’s happy, I’m happy. I’m not sure I can explain it.” 
“Seems a bit out there,” Jenna replied. “You feel everything she feels?”
“Yeah.”
“So if he touches her, you feel it?”
“Yeah.”
Jenna smiled slyly. “If he kissed her, would you feel it?”
To my absolute horror, I blushed. 
Jenna hooted gleefully. “You kissed him! So…. Have at it! What was it like?”
I shrugged my shoulders. 
“Come on!” Jenna urged. “What’s it like to kiss the dead. Does he have cold, bloodless lips?”
“It was a kiss,” I told her stiffly. “And his lips were definitely not cold and bloodless.” 
I decided that I didn’t want to talk about my ghostly romance with Jenna anymore. I looked up and saw the large trees that marked the beginning of Shelton Wood. In order to escape from Jenna’s good-natured prying I gave Posy a quick tap with my heels and urged her forward.
 “Race you!” I called to Jenna, as Posy and I leaped ahead and cantered toward Shelton Wood. 
Jenna must have realized that I didn’t want to talk about Christian anymore. She laughingly raced me to the woods and didn’t bring up the subject again. Breathless and giggling, we entered the woods.
Very quickly, however, the quiet tranquility of the woods cast its spell over us and after a few minutes, we stopped chattering and giggling. Both of us became lost in our own thoughts. Even the usually energetic Pip wasn’t immune to the magical serenity of the woods. He trotted contentedly behind Jenna, his tongue lolling out of his mouth. 
Shelton Wood was just like I remembered from my dream. Sunlight streamed through the canopy of leaves overhead, creating patterns of shadow and light on the bridle path. The rough trunks of the trees were mottled with patches of deep green moss and yellow lichen. The air was cool and smelled of damp leaves. 
The hushed quiet of the woods was broken only by the sound of an occasional bird or the rustle of leaves overhead. I felt the magic of this place flow through my body as I rode along the trail. He was here with me. I knew it. I could sense his presence. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I figured Posy could follow the trail, so closing my eyes for a few minutes would be okay. 

He was riding behind me. His arm felt solid around my waist.  His lips grazed the back of my neck, sending small shivers down my spine. I leaned back against his chest, enjoying the sensation. 

“Why are you sighing?” Jenna’s voice jolted me from my ghost dream.
“Sighing?” I asked, guiltily. 
“Yeah.”
“Umm. I don’t know. I guess it’s so peaceful here.” I was glad that the trail in the wood was too narrow for Jenna to ride next to me. She followed behind on Dancer, so she couldn’t see my guilty expression. “It’s really beautiful here. I guess that’s why I’m sighing. I didn’t even realize I was doing it.” I babbled.
“Right.”  She sounded as if she didn’t believe me, but she didn’t push me to give her a better answer.
We rode the horses, enjoying the cool quiet atmosphere on the trail for about half and hour. 
“Do you think we should turn back now?’ Jenna asked.
“Not yet.” I answered. “Let’s go to the little meadow first then we can turn around.”
Jenna sounded surprised. “How do you know about the meadow?” 
“I’ve been here before….in one of my dreams.”
“No. You’re having me on!” Jenna was incredulous.
I shook my head. “Really. I have. There’s a big flat rock and a small meadow with grasses and wild flowers and an old stone cottage nearby. There’s big tree right on the edge of the trail where we can tie up the horses.” I paused, thinking, “Though, I don’t suppose it’s still there after 150 years. But there’s probably some other tree we can use. 
I turned around in the saddle to see Jenna looking at me with her eyes as big as saucers and her mouth hanging open in surprise.  
I laughed at her expression. “Did you think I was making all this ghost stuff up?”
“No. It’s just that …..are you sure you didn’t ask Simon or someone about the bridle path?”
“Jenna I promise you. Cross my heart. I did not ask anyone about the trail. I’ve know about the glade because I saw it in one of my dreams. I went there with Christian.” 
“Well the cottage isn’t there anymore, just the foundation, but everything else is. Jenna was quiet for a few minutes. “Lily, do you think he’s going to show up today?” 
I shrugged my shoulders. I didn’t want to spook her by telling her that he already had.
“It’s just that I’ve never seen a ghost and well….”
I stopped Posy and turned around to face Jenna again. “Jenna, I don’t think you’ll be able to see him even if he does show up.” Since she hadn’t seen him earlier, I guessed that he would only appear to me.  “Besides,” I added, “It’s not as if I see him all the time. I only see him when I’m asleep, or sometimes, if I close my eyes.”
“Right.” After a small pause, she added. “If you happen to close your eyes and see him, you’d tell me, right? I mean it’s not everyday you get to see a ghost. Up close and personal.” She paused, raising her eyebrows thoughtfully. “Maybe, that’s what I need, a ghost boyfriend. I haven’t been doing to well in the romance department. What do you think? Does your ghost have a friend he could introduce me to?”
I laughed. “I don’t know, Jenna. Even it I found a good-looking ghost for you, it might be tough to get him to go to the prom.”
“Right.  On second thought, maybe I better work on finding a living boyfriend first, and leave the dead ones to you.” 
We laughed and picked up the pace, trotting the horses along the bridle path. When we reached the glade, I paused to take in the sight. After the gloom of the woods, the meadow was bright and inviting. The sky was still gray, but the early afternoon sun had broken through the soft clouds and illuminated an array of wild flowers blooming among the green and gold of the field.  The big flat rock I had noticed in my dream was still there. I watched as Pip bounded gleefully into the meadow nose to the ground, tail held high.  
 I sighed again, remembering my dream. It would have been nice to spend some time in the little meadow. I was secretly hoping to conjure up another visit from Christian. But Jenna announced loudly that she was “absolutely famished” and I realized that I was feeling hungry, too. Since we had forgotten to pack any food for a picnic, we turned back. 
As we exited the meadow, I noticed another trail that seemed to run parallel to the one we were following. I followed it with my eyes, until it turned to the right and disappeared. Pulling back on the reins and I halted Posy near the second path. 
 “Where does this trail go?” I asked Jenna. 
“Oh. It takes you the back way to Brynmoor, past the old stable. Jenna explained. “We can take it if you want. It’s actually shorter, though the trail is a bit rough in spots.”
“Sure. Why not? Sounds like it could be fun.”
“It’s a bit more challenging,” Jenna warned. 
“Posy and I are up for a challenge. Aren’t we girl?” I patted Posy on the neck. 
“Alright then, let’s do it,” Jenna agreed.
We started down the trail. It was obvious that this trail was not as well traveled as the path we had ridden earlier. The narrow dirt track was overgrown with plants and obscured by fallen tree limbs.  We carefully picked our way along the trail until we came upon the fields bordering the grounds of Brynmoor. Once free of Shelton Wood, the going was much easier. Instead of dodging fallen tree trunks and rocks, we dodged sheep.
“Sir Richard leases these fields to the Martins, but they don’t mind if we pass through.” Jenna explained. “We just need to be careful to latch the gates.” 
“No problem.” I answered as the clumsy sheep ambled out of our way.
We were passing by an impressively large tangled patch of blackberry vines when Pip suddenly dashed in front of me. He stood still, blocking my path. He arched his back and planted his paws firmly on the ground, facing they blackberry patch. The hair on his back bristled as he growled menacingly. 
“Pip!” Jenna called sharply. He ignored her, giving another low threatening growl. “He must see a rabbit or something,” she said.
We both leaned over the horses to peer into the thick tangle of vines. 
As I rose up in my stirrups to get a better view, Posy’s ears pricked forward and she started stamping her hoofs nervously. Pip began barking frantically. I patted Posy’s neck reassuringly. “It’s okay girl.” I told her as she pranced and stamped the ground.
“Is it an animal’s den? I think I see some rocks or something.” I said squinting my eyes to get a better view.
 “Not rocks. Part of the old building. This is where the old stable used to be. At least that what my Da tells me,” Jenna explained. 
Now that Jenna had pointed it out, I could see the pile of charred brick and stone that lay under the tangle of vines and leaves. As I leaned forward to get a better look, I felt a shock wave of anger and fear wash over me. It left me feeling icy cold and I started shaking. I gasped and sat back in the saddle, clinging with clammy fingers to the pommel.
My mind reeled and everything seemed to go black. The emotional jolt hammering at my mind was so powerful that it made me physically sick. I felt my stomach lurch and I leaned over resting my head on Posy’s warm neck, waiting for the nausea to pass. 
Something horrible had happened here! I closed my eyes. As soon as I did, I knew it was a mistake. I was going to see something I didn’t want to see, but I was powerless to stop it. The sound of Pip’s barking faded away. 

Night had fallen, wrapping everything in a deep, dark blanket. The gloom was so penetrating that I could barely see the building. The air was heavy and still. A deep rumble of thunder echoed among the trees. I felt as if the night was saturated with electricity and something else, something more menacing than a storm, something evil. Another deep rumble of thunder rolled ominously overhead. I heard a loud crack, a jagged flash of lightening illuminated the night sky. For a brief second the white wooden structure of the stable was visible. 
I watched as a shadowy figure fled from the building into the dark night. Something was wrong!  I could hear the snorting and neighing of the frightened horses. I could smell smoke. There was a terrible crackling and suddenly the stable building was ablaze.  Flames shot skyward, scattering sparks into the night air. I drew back from the searing heat of the fire. I gasped. Smoke stung my eyes and I couldn’t breathe. Air! I needed air!

I opened my eyes quickly, gasping for breath. The smoke in my lungs made it hard to breathe. I coughed and choked. I lay my head on Posy’s coarse mane and took a couple of long, deep, calming breaths.
“Are you alright?” Jenna asked.
“I’m okay.” I told her, slowly straightening up in the saddle. “I think I ate something bad at breakfast. Maybe we should head back.” My skin felt clammy and hot at the same time. I grasped Posy’s mane with my fingers to keep my hands from shaking. Pip was still barking. 
“Are you sure you’re alright?” Jenna asked, concerned.
I gave Jenna a weak smile. “I’m fine. I just think we’d better go back.”  I took another deep breath and tried to calm myself.
Jenna called Pip. “Come on then!” Pip stopped barking and trotted back to us. “I don’t know what’s got into him.” She leaned forward. “I didn’t see anything.” She looked at me and raised her eyebrows questioningly. “Did you?”
I didn’t even bother to look. I just shook my head. I wasn’t about to tell Jenna what I had just seen. It was too terrible.
Shrugging her shoulders, Jenna took charge. “Well then. If you’re sure you can ride?”
I nodded.
“Off we go, then. Lily, you let me know if you need to stop.”
“No. I’m fine. Really.”  I told her, giving her another weak smile.
We rode back the way we came. I could tell that Jenna thought I was keeping something from her, but I was upset and didn’t want to talk about it. I was still spooked. If I closed my eyes I knew I would feel hot smoke searing my lungs, robbing them of oxygen. I would once again feel the flames burning my skin. I pushed the memory away and concentrated on breathing long, deep cleansing breaths of cool air while we rode the horses back to Brynmoor.
I felt mildly guilty about not telling Jenna, but I vowed I would tell her everything later.  Right now, I had too many questions to sort through. I needed some time to think.
We rode quietly through the back fields of Brynmoor. I tried to pretend I was fine, but it was pretty obvious that I was nervous and upset. Jenna rode Dancer alongside of me. She couldn’t keep quiet for long. I should have known that her curiosity was going to get the best of her.
“You saw something,” Jenna said. It was more a statement than a question.
I nodded. 
“I knew something gave you a turn. I could tell. Whatever it was, it upset Pip and Posy too. Do you want to talk about it?”
I shook my head. I was still too emotionally shaken by what I had witnessed. 
 Jenna looked thoughtful. “I expect it has you roiled, but you have to remember that whatever you saw happened a long time ago.”
“I know you’re right. It’s just weird. It was like I was there.” I paused. 
Jenna looked at me encouragingly. “Sometimes it helps to talk about things.” She paused and looked at me expectantly. 
 I sighed. “There was a fire at the old stables.” I told her, trying to suppress a shudder. I couldn’t get the image of the smoke and flames out of my head.  “I could hear the horses neighing and feel the smoke. I couldn’t breathe. It was terrible.”
Jenna’s eyes opened wide. “That’s how the old stable was destroyed. It burned down. But Lily, that happened over a hundred years ago.” 
“Yeah, well I feel like I just watched it happen right in front of me.” I said, shivering again with the memory. 
Jenna looked concerned. “You may feel that it just happened, but it didn’t. It happened a long time ago. You weren’t even alive when it burned down.”
I nodded. “I know, but it was so real. I could feel the heat and flames. I could smell the smoke.” 
“Maybe you should find out how to stop, you know, seeing things. Wear garlic around your neck or something.” 
“Garlic?!? Jenna, that’s to keep vampires away. Christian isn’t a vampire, he’s a ghost.”
“Well. Whatever he is, I think you need to find a way to stop him from haunting you.” She glanced back, toward the blackberry vines covering the old stable. “I’m not sure your ghost is such a nice guy. I mean, you don’t look very good.”
I didn’t say anything. What was I supposed to do? It would be easier to stop breathing than it would be to close my mind to Christian. 
“Well, if you feel like talking about it, I’m here.” Jenna offered.
“Thanks.” I told her. Jenna was wrong. Christian was a nice guy, he wouldn’t hurt me. There had to be a reason that he showed me that terrible fire. Now, I just had to figure out what it was.


Chapter 14

After we stabled the horses, I returned to Brynmoor.  I was still feeling a bit shaky. I wanted to see Christian. I wanted to be reassured that he wasn’t dead. Okay, I knew it was crazy. I mean, the guy had been dead for more than 150 years. I knew that. But, I needed to make sure that his ghost was still alive. I had definitely felt the presence of someone in that burning stable. I wasn’t sure who it was, but someone had been in there. I was worried that it had been Christian. 
I took a quick shower and decided to lie down on my bed and try to summon Christian to me. I closed my eyes. 
Images of that horrible scene from the old stable fire kept flooding my mind: dark shadows, flames licking the night sky. I’m sure that Christian was trying to tell me something with the fire, but I didn’t know what it was. Did it have something to do with Lily? I tried to relax and open my mind. Trying the deep breathing technique my mom used when she practiced yoga, I let my mind go blank and focused on my breathing. In and out. In and out.  Nothing. 
I opened my eyes and lay on my bed, staring at the swirling plaster designs that decorated the ceiling of my room. What I needed was information and it looked like I wasn’t going to get any from Christian, at least not today. I could ask Sir Richard about the fire. Maybe, I could find out something that way. I followed the curling plaster molding on the ceiling with my eyes, as I thought about things. The curling shapes and intertwining designs, made me think of time and people, swirling together, interweaving their lives and changing history. 
I lay there contemplating history and the ceiling when I was struck with an idea. 
Suddenly, I knew how I could find the information I needed. I would get a history of British aristocratic families, kind of like the Whose Who books. I was sure that somewhere there would be a book that could give me information on each person and how they related to each other. I would look up Edward Barrington and Christian’s parents. I felt certain that they were linked in some way to the disappearance of Lily. I leaped out of bed and skipped downstairs to find a computer. 
After a few false starts, I finally located my mother’s laptop in the blue sitting room. How appropriate I thought, grinning at the portrait of Christian. “Don’t worry! I’m going to find her for you,” I told him. Then I turned on the computer and got to work.
I spent a couple of hours combing internet sites and conducting searches for biographical information on the Barrington family. It’s amazing how much time you can fritter away just surfing the internet. My internet search was almost helpful. I found out that there were genealogical records of the British aristocracy. Unfortunately most of what I found required you to buy the information or pay someone to do the research for you. However, it looked like there were some books published that would have information for me. One book called the Directory of the English Peerage 1725-1900, looked like it had real possibilities. I made a list of the titles of some of the books, hoping that Sir Richard might have some of them in the library. 
When I looked at the clock on the wall, I was surprised to see that it was seven o’clock. I thought I might just have enough time to check out Brynmoor’s library before dinner, when Jenna appeared. 
“There you are! I’ve been running myself in circles looking for you!” She exclaimed. “Do you fancy going into the village with me. Simon and I are going to pop round to the pub. You can come along if you like. Your mum said she thought you’d be up for it.”
I half-suspected my mom had talked to Jenna about inviting me, but I decided that I didn’t really care, as long as I got to go. “Are you kidding! I’ve been dying to see a real English pub. Come on up to my room. I need a second to change my clothes.” 
Jenna and I raced upstairs to my room. I quickly rummaged through my closet and threw on a tank top and a denim jacket and some boots with my jeans. I brushed on mascara and lipstick. I dug through my jewelry box and added some large gold hoop earrings and a couple of bangles. I let my hair down and tried to tame my unruly curls by running my fingers through them. Scrutinizing myself in the mirror, I nodded. “Now, I’m ready for a night on the town.”
Jenna looked at me enviously. “You look smashing.”  She tugged at her short hair and looked at her image in the mirror. She was wearing a cotton T-shirt and blue jeans. “I look like I just finished mucking out the stables.” 
I gave her a grin. “This is called California Chic. Take a pair of torn up old jeans, add a bit of sparkly jewelry and a little mascara and voila!” I twirled in the mirror. “If you want, I can do the same for you.” 
“Really? Now?”
“Yep! We still have lots of time! ” In fifteen minutes, I had also worked my magic on Jenna. We folded a turquoise scarf and tied it like a head band to control her spiky red hair. Short wisps of hair framed her face making her look small and feminine. The mascara made her eyes look impossibly large.  She looked, I decided, like a beautiful pixie. I rummaged through my closet until I found a cute shirt the same turquoise color as the scarf and some silver dangly earrings. Then we were ready to go.
 “Brilliant!” Jenna declared after inspecting herself in the mirror. “The blokes are going to fall out of their chairs when they see us!” She laughed merrily. Hooking her arm through mine, she said “Come on then!” 
By the time we arrived at the Fitzgibbon cottage, the entire Fitzgibbon family was home to witness our grand entrance.
Mrs. Fitzgibbon looked surprised when she saw us. “I thought you girls were going to the pub?’ She asked, perplexed.
“We are!” Jenna answered, a little defiantly. “We just thought we’d dress a bit.”
Mr. Fitzgibbon looked us up and down and shook his head dolefully. “Ah, lassies. I think there’ll be trouble tonight. Poor Simon will be fighting half of Shropshire County just to keep the lads away from the two of you.” 
“Da!” Jenna exclaimed, smiling.  
“What is this about fighting?” Simon asked, as he entered the room. He took one look at Jenna and me and quirked an eyebrow. “Well now. I see we’ll be introducing a bit of Hollywood to Hexingham tonight.” 
Jenna smiled widely. Not Hollywood, Simon.” She turned to me and winked. Laughing, we set him straight. “California Chic,” we both said in unison. 
The three of us piled into the front of the truck and rattled down the gravel road toward the village. If my friends from L.A. could see me now they would die laughing, I thought to myself. Here I was going out for a big night on the town. Which in the English countryside this pretty much  involved driving down an unpaved road to a village with no more than a couple dozen or so buildings, most of which would be closed by the time we got there. But the company was great and I really was excited to see my first real English pub. 
I have to admit, the Black Ram did not disappoint me. The pub had been located in the same stone building for 300 years. A weathered sign with a picture of a black sheep hung lazily on its brass pole over the door. The door itself was made of some kind of heavy wood held together with iron bands. The wood was deeply pitted and worn from years of use. 
When we entered, it was like stepping into an old English movie. A cheery fire and low lights cast pools of amber on the gleaming dark wood surfaces, giving the pub an atmosphere of warmth and timelessness. The interior of the pub was dimly lit and smelled of 300 years of wet umbrellas, spilled beer, and fireplace smoke. It wasn’t unpleasant, but it was distinct. The only indication that I was still in the 21st century came from the video game machine pushed up against one of the walls.
 I was really surprised by the size of the crowd. The place was thick with bodies. I didn’t think this many people lived in Hexingham. As we entered, every head in the pub turned toward us. A couple of people shouted out greetings to Simon and Jenna. Most of them looked curiously at me. 
“Hullo. Look what’s rolled in tonight, lads!”  Two guys about Simon’s age hopped off their bar stools and pushed their way through the crowd to join us. One was a large pink-faced blonde, the other was short, dark and slim.
Simon nodded his head in their direction. “We’re in for it now,” he said, laughing.  
The bigger of the two newcomers looked pointedly at me. “So, Fitz. Are you going to introduce us?” He asked Simon. 
Simon sighed painfully. “Lily, this is Nigel and Paul. Nigel’s the big stupid one. Paul’s the short stupid one.” 
“Aw. You’re a rotter, Fitzgibbon.” Nigel said laughing and punching Simon in the shoulder.
The beefy Nigel engulfed my hand with his huge meaty paw. “We’re mates of Simon. Wait here, and let me see if I can find us a table.” We watched as Nigel threaded his way through the maze of people crowding the little pub.
Simon looked like his family was East Indian. He seemed to be more serious than Nigel, but just as friendly. “You’re Sir Richard’s step daughter?” 
“Yeah. I guess I am.”  I shrugged. “But mostly I’m just Lily.”
He smiled. “Must be nice for Jenna to have another girl around the place.” I looked at Jenna and saw her blush as he turned toward her. “You look nice tonight, Jenna.” Jenna’s face turned an even deeper shade of red. 
“Ho! Fitz! I’ve got one!” Nigel’s booming voice could be heard above the buzz of conversation filling the pub.
I looked at Simon. He rolled his eyes, grinning. “Well then. I guess there’s no escaping you blokes,” he told Paul. “Come on girls, let’s go find our table.
Jenna, Simon, Paul and I followed Nigel to a small table in the back of the room. 
“Do I even want to know how you managed to grab a table with this crowd?” Simon asked, as we squeezed in around the table. 
Nigel shrugged his burly shoulders. “I’m irresistible. Right, Jenna.” He winked. 
“More likely you scared them off.” She retorted, snorting with laughter. 
I noticed that Jenna made sure to grab a seat next to Paul. It made me smile. I had a pretty good idea why Jenna wanted to dress up tonight.
Simon offered to fight his way to the bar and order some drinks for us. After Simon disappeared, Nigel kept us entertained with funny stories. He was like a huge teddy bear. He was loud and large and impossible not to like.  
“Is it always this crowded?” I asked. 
Nigel guffawed. 
“No. But tonight they’ve got a band scheduled.” Paul explained. 
“Entertainment is a bit difficult to come by in Hexingham. So everyone turns out for something like this.” Jenna added. 
“What band is playing?”
“A couple of blokes from Shawbury. They’re not bad.” Paul said, shrugging. 
I noticed that every time Paul spoke, Jenna’s eyes lit up. 
After Simon returned, we decided to order food early before the kitchen became overwhelmed by the extra large crowd. Paul said that he’d make the run to the bar to place our orders for us this time, and Jenna offered to help him. 
“So, what’ll it be?” He asked, taking orders from everyone. 
When I asked for a cheeseburger, the others burst into laughter. 
“Well, now we know you’re a Yank.” Nigel said, shaking his head sorrowfully. “You’re in an English pub, luv. It’ll be bangers and mash, steak and kidney or a chippy. No cheeseburgers tonight.” 
“So what’ll you have?” Simon asked me. 
“Uhm. I’m not sure.”  The menu Nigel had recited didn’t sound very edible to me.
“The menu is pretty limited, but they do have jacket potatoes, if you like those,”  Paul offered.
“It’s not that. I just don’t know what bangers, and kidneys and chippys are. In fact, I don’t even know what jacket potatoes are.” 
They all laughed at me again. 
“I guess it does sound a bit off.” Simon said, coming to my rescue. They took turns explaining the intricacies of pub food. Bangers and mash turned out to be sausages and mash potatoes, steak and kidney pie was, well let’s just say it was not something I would ever eat. I opted for a chippy: fried fish and french fries. 
Nigel kept up his one man comedy act until Paul and Jenna returned with our food. Though, instead of ketchup, they brought vinegar for my fish and fries. 
“Well, I’d rather have a fish taco, but when in England, do as the English do!” I told them, sprinkling vinegar on my French fries and fish. “Cheers!” I said, popping a taste into my mouth. It was pretty good. Not as good as an “In and Out” burger and fries or a fish taco from Juanita’s, but not bad. 
We were happily munching our chippys when I noticed Jenna looking at something behind me. She turned toward me and hissed in my ear, “Don’t look now, but Billy’s here.” 
I don’t know why people always say not to look. Of course, the first thing I did was look. I noted with satisfaction that Billy’s nose looked a bit puffy and he had slight bruises darkening the skin under both of his eyes. I had broken his nose. Good!
I must have let my eyes linger too long on Billy, because Nigel noticed. He gave a low whistle and jerked his thumb toward Billy. “That your work, Fitz?” 
Simon looked over toward Billy, he grinned. “Not this time. You’ll have to ask Lily about that one.” 
Nigel, Paul, and Jenna looked shocked. 
“You!?!” Jenna exclaimed. 
I shrugged.  I hadn’t told her about my run-in with Billy, mostly because I was embarrassed by it. The others at the table forced me to give them the abridged version of what had happened at the church office with Billy. 
Nigel nodded. “Well done!”
Our whole table turned to admire my handiwork. 
“Next time I need help keeping Nigel in line, I’ll be sure to give you a ring.” Paul grinned at me. 
“Nice bloomin nose, Billy.” Nigel’s voice boomed across the pub. 
I ducked my head and tried to hide. 
Billy scowled in our direction and flipped us the bird, turning his back on our table. He had his arm draped about a slim girl with shoulder length blonde hair. She turned and looked at our table, letting her eyes rest on Simon.
“Bloody hell! That’s Angela!” Nigel exclaimed, looking at Simon. 
Simon shrugged, keeping his face carefully blank. “Looks like it.” 
“What a cow!” Jenna exclaimed.  “She’s just doing that to get to you Simon.”  
Simon shrugged his shoulders. “She’s free to date whoever she wants.”
Jenna leaned toward me and whispered “She’s Simon’s old girlfriend.” 
 Not that I couldn’t have figured that one out for myself.  
I checked her out. She wasn’t bad-looking in a bleached blonde sort of way. Though I could tell from the way she stood and tossed her hair that she was trouble. My high school in L.A. was full of girls like Angela, big curves and even bigger attitude. Frankly, she didn’t look like she was Simon’s type. Of course, I didn’t actually know what Simon’s type was, though I was sort of hoping he liked tall, slim brunettes more than he liked voluptuous blondes. 
Angela said something to Billy and the two of them laughed. She disentangled herself from Billy and sauntered over to our table, raking me up and down with her eyes. I could feel my face grow hot under her scrutiny. Her eyes flicked toward Jenna.
“I see you’re babysitting tonight,” she said to Simon. 
Jenna’s cheeks flamed angrily, but she said nothing.
Angela fixed her blue eyes on me, dismissing me as a worthy rival before turning back toward Simon. 
Simon leaned back in his chair, his face expressionless. “Hullo, Angela.” 
 “Your new girlfriend got a name?” She directed her question to Simon.
Simon held her gaze. ‘Lily, I’d like you to meet Angela.”
“Uhm. Hi.” I said, not sure I wanted to get caught in the crossfire between Billy, Angela and Simon. Although I had to admit that the idea of being Simon’s girlfriend did send a nice warm feeling flowing through me. I noticed that Simon didn’t bother to deny it, which made me feel even better.
“Just thought I’d let you know that I’ve quit slumming.” She gestured toward Billy. “I’m not mucking about with the likes of you blokes anymore.”  She looked at Simon defiantly, daring him to contradict her. 
Simon said nothing.
“No more slumming for me!” She gave Simon a long look.
Simon said nothing. 
“You made your point Angela. Why don’t you leave?” Paul told her. 
“Right. And when you leave, don’t forget to ask your high-born boyfriend to tell you what happened to his nose,” Nigel commented. 
“Sod off, Nigel!” Angela turned on her heel and quickly walked back to where Billy was standing with his back to us. She snuggled up to Billy, tossing her hair and glancing over her shoulder at our table. 
“Poor girl. No proper sense about men!” Paul shook his head sadly, looking slyly at Simon. 
“You can say that again! Look who she was with before Billy!” Nigel raised his glass to Paul, “Cheers, mate!”
Nigel and Paul broke out laughing. Even Simon joined in, breaking the tension at our table. 
Our conversation returned to normal and a few minutes later the band started playing. They were pretty good. Not great, but not bad. Besides, I wasn’t there for the music. I just wanted to get out and do something besides sitting in an empty dining room with my mom and her new husband.
It was fun, but by the time the band began their second set I started feeling like I needed some fresh air. The combination of loud music and the crush of people was making the pub unbearably hot and stuffy. I shouted to Jenna that I was going outside for a minute and asked if she wanted to come. 
“You’re not feeling wonky are you?” Simon shouted back. 
I shook my head. 
Jenna looked torn. I could tell that she didn’t want to leave Paul. 
“Never mind, Jenna. I’ll be back in a second.” I said to let her off the hook.
“I’ll go,” Simon offered. “I could use a bit of fresh air myself.”
We escaped through the throng of bodies, pushing our way outside into the cold night air. As we stepped outside, closing the pub’s door behind us, the music and noise from the pub was muffled to a dull thrumming sound. The damp cold air felt good on my skin after the stuffiness of the crowded pub. 
“Fancy a bit of a stroll?” Simon asked. 
“Sure.”  I felt a little flutter of excitement in my stomach. I was kind of hoping the girlfriend thing in the pub might not have been a slip. Maybe Simon was interested. 
I gave him a side-long glance. Having a summer romance with a British guy who wasn’t dead might be even more fun than being romanced by a ghost.
We left the pub and wandered down High Street together. The rising moon was partially obscured by a thick mist which had settled around the village, shrouding cottages, cars and trees. The moist heavy air caught and diffused the soft glow of the moon shining overhead. It settled over the village like a magical fairy cloak. 
“Jenna said you had a bit of a scare on the bridle path today.”  
I shrugged my shoulders. I hoped that Jenna hadn’t said anything about ghosts. “I think I just needed to eat something. We skipped lunch and my stomach was feeling a bit…” I slid my eyes toward him. “Wonky,” I finished. Changing the subject, I added, “Which by the way is my new word for the week. We don’t say wonky in L.A., but thanks to you, I think I’ll start a new trend when I get home.” 
“Well, it is a frightfully descriptive word. Isn’t it?” He smiled. 
“Yeah. Covers just about anything.” 
Simon shifted the conversation, again. “Sorry about that bit with Angela. She can be a bit …” He let his sentence fade away as he searched for an appropriate word.” 
I grinned at him. “Wonky?”  
He laughed. “Right. Wonky.”
It was nice strolling through the mist, past the darkened buildings in the village with Simon. Here and there we could see a light in the window of a cottage, but the fog was so heavy that the light faded before it reached the street. We walked the rest of the way in companionable silence, both of us enjoying the quiet cool night. I was hoping that Simon would do something, like take my hand or put his arm around me. He didn’t and unfortunately the village was so small that we came to end of the road far too soon.
“We’d best turn back,” Simon said as we reached the end of the village center.  
I nodded and turned around walk back toward the pub when, without warning, I felt a strong feeling of anger, almost rage and fear wash over me. It was so strong that it made me tremble. 
“You’re shivering.” 
“No I just…” I heard the unmistakable sound of a horse’s hoofs echoing on cobblestones. A horse was galloping through the village. I stood still, trying to peer through the curtain of heavy mist. 
“What is it? Are you alright?” Simon asked. 
“Don’t you hear that?” 
Simon cocked his head to one side. “Sorry. What am I supposed to hear?” 
A rumble of thunder and a jagged flash of lightning lit up the night sky. A dark figure on galloping horse broke through the mist heading directly toward us. Dark, mysterious and menacing, the rider reminded me of something from the story of the Headless horseman. I let out an involuntary scream.
Simon’s head whipped around. Seeing the horse and rider baring down on us, Simon waved his arms and yelled. 
Neither the horse nor the rider paid any attention to Simon. Bent low over his horse’s neck, the rider urged his mount forward with even greater speed. He raced toward us in a blur of fur, bone and muscle. 
I opened my mouth the scream again, but no sound escaped. I was paralyzed with fear. Mentally I knew I had to move, but I couldn’t get my body to cooperate. I was rooted to the spot! It was as if I was in a slow-motion movie. I could see the horse and rider bearing down on me, coming closer and closer but I couldn’t get my legs to move!
I would have been run down, except that Simon turned and threw himself at me, knocking us both to the side of the road. We fell in a heap as the horseman and his mount raced past us. The sound of thundering hoofs echoing in my ears. I gasped for breath as Simon’s weight forced all the air out of my lungs.
“What in the bloody hell!” Simon exclaimed, lying prone on top of me and staring angrily after the mysterious rider.
Simon and I lay still. I knew I had a large and heavy male on top of me because I couldn’t breathe. “Uh. Simon,” I wheezed.
He looked down in surprise. “Oh. Sorry about that.” He rolled off of me and helped me to a sitting position. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah! I just need… to catch…my… breath.” I told him, between gulps of air. 
He looked me over worriedly. “I didn’t mean to flatten you like that. You sure you’re alright?”
“I’m fine.” I told him, taking a few more breaths since I was still trying to get my lungs to function. “Besides, I’d rather be flattened by you than by that horse.” 
I sat up and peered into the mist in the direction the rider and horse had taken. I had managed to catch a glimpse of the rider’s face before Simon pushed me to the ground. I was pretty sure that the man on the horse had been Christian riding hell bent for Brynmoor. Was this another ghostly visitation? It could have been, but I was confused. If it was my ghost, how was it that Simon also saw him?
“I can’t believe that bugger tried to run us down! He could have killed us!”
We sat on the side of the road for a few minutes, Simon shaking his head in confusion. “I don’t understand. I didn’t hear anything. Not a bloody thing. He just appeared out of nowhere. Like some damn ghost.”
I shivered, because that’s exactly what I thought the mystery rider was. I looked at Simon. “You didn’t hear the hoof beats?” 
Simon shook his head. “No. That’s daft isn’t. How could I not hear the horse?” He slapped his hand on the road, making a sound.” No. I didn’t hear a bloody thing. It was like a movie with the sound turned off.” He shook his head again. “I wouldn’t have even seen the bugger, if you hadn’t screamed!” Simon stood up abruptly, holding out his hand to help me up. “Come on then! I think that bloke is off to Brynmoor and I want to catch him!” 
I stood up slowly. “Simon, I don’t think you’re going to be able to catch him.”
“We can give it a go, can’t we? I’m not going to sit around and let some blighter ride over me!”  
“It’s just that I don’t think… Uhm. Well. If I tell you something, promise me you won’t think I’m some kind of hysterical crazy girl.” 
 Simon raised one eyebrow. “What is it?”
“Okay. It’s a little complicated, but I think I can explain. I’m pretty sure I know why you didn’t hear anything. Just listen and don’t tell me I’m crazy until I’m done. Okay?”  
“Right.”  He waited patiently for me to begin.
“Well….I think that we just saw a ghost.” 
Simon’s quirked his left eyebrow again, but he didn’t say anything. 
“I’ve been having these weird visions, since I got here…”  My words tumbled over themselves as I gave him an abbreviated version of past events. I explained how I had been having strange dreams about the people who lived in the manor house since arriving at Brynmoor. I told him about the book and the note from Lily. I even told him how I started having these dreams during the daytime. I mentioned how I saw Christian at the wedding reception and in front of his cottage. Of course, I didn’t tell Simon everything. I certainly wasn’t going to mention anything about the goose bumps, the caresses, the kissing. Some things were a little too embarrassing to talk about with a guy, especially a good-looking one. 
To his credit, Simon listened until I was finished, before saying anything. He didn’t tell me I was crazy, but I wasn’t sure he believed me either. 
“You’re cold,” Simon said when I was done. “We’d better get back to the pub.” 
“Look. I know you probably think I need to be locked up in the nut house. But I’m telling you the truth. I really am. You can ask Jenna, about the flower and how Pip went crazy on the trail and….”
“It’s not that I don’t believe you.” Simon interrupted. “I’m just trying to think things through a bit.”  He put a protective arm around my shoulder. “Come on then. Let’s walk back. You’re shivering. I don’t think you California girls are used to our English weather.” 
I tried not to think about how nice it felt to have his arm around me as I snuggled closer to him. 
“Simon, you know something?”
“He looked down at me. “What?”
“You’re really getting good at this “Knight in Shining Armor” business.”
“It’s all part of the service, my lady,” he said flashing me a quick grin.
As we walked back to the pub, I asked him, “You don’t think I’m crazy, do you? I’m starting to get a little worried about that.”
Simon paused and looked at me. “Well. All I can say is if you think you’re crazy, than you’re not. Crazy people always think it’s the rest of the world that’s got the problem, not them.” He smiled reassuringly and gave me a little squeeze. “Let’s go find the others, shall we? Besides, our mysterious friend will be long gone by now. Ghost or not.”  
That night I fell into bed exhausted. It had been a long day. I felt wiped out, too many strong emotions, and too many unanswered questions. I was confused and tired, but I knew that Simon was wrong about the ghost rider. In spite of what it looked like, Christian wouldn’t have harmed us. He wouldn’t have run us over. I knew that. 
I needed to think things through and figure out what was going on. I meant to close my eyes and try to sort things out, but I fell into a deep sleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow. 

 Edward laughed harshly. “You can’t possibly be seriously proposing anything as trite as a duel. Pistols at ten paces. Even you must realize how ridiculous that sounds.”
Christian spoke slowly, his voice cold as ice. “No. I am not proposing a duel. I am advising you that should you persist with this course of action, I will be forced to confront you.”
“Ah. Yes. Ever the noble lord. How kind of you to issue warning,” Edward retorted archly. He paused. “Ah. But I forget. You are not yet Lord of Brynmoor Manor and, as I am a guest invited by Lord and Lady Yarlbury, I fear that you are unable to banish me from Lily’s pleasant company. It also appears that I will continue to enjoy their gracious hospitality.” Edward smiled wickedly. “As they say, the mice do play while the cat’s away.”
Christian took another step toward Edward. His voice was like a sharp-edged sword. “If you so much as touch one hair upon her head, I will hunt you down little mouse. Make no mistake, you will feel my sharp claws and it will not be pleasant for you.” 


Chapter 15

When I pried my eyes open the next morning, I pondered the meaning of my dream. It didn’t seem to make much sense, though it did make me uneasy. On the good side, Christian was back in my dreams. On the not so good side, I had seen a side of Christian I didn’t think existed. I hadn’t thought of Christian as someone who was capable of threats or worse.  A terrible thought thrust its way into my mind; if Christian was willing to physically harm Edward, wouldn’t he be capable of harming Simon or me? 
I pushed the thought away. No! Simon was wrong about Christian trying to run us down. If the rider was Christian, there had to be another explanation. I just didn’t know what it was.
I lay in bed for a while thinking about things and mentally kicking myself for saying anything about ghosts to Simon. It was one thing to tell Jenna about Christian, but Simon, that was different. I shouldn’t have said anything to him. I don’t know what I was thinking, babbling about ghosts and visitations and dreams to him. I’m sure he thought I was some weird girl from California with wind chimes for brains.
Luckily Simon didn’t bring up the subject after we returned to the pub last night. By an unspoken agreement, neither Simon nor I had mentioned anything about the horse and rider after rejoining the others. However, I did catch him studying me several times during the evening, which probably meant that he thought I was seriously unstable.
I toyed with the idea of trying to go back to sleep, I was tired, but I also needed to think. I couldn’t make sense of everything I had experienced yesterday. It was too much to try and figure out. I needed to jump start my brain and in order to do that I needed coffee. Kicking off my blankets, I got out of bed. 
Opening the curtains of my room, I saw that last night’s mist had turned into an early morning drizzle. After grubbing around in my closet for something warm to put on, I stumbled downstairs to the kitchen.  
My mom was already up and happily chatting away with Mrs. Fitzgibbon. 
“Good morning, sweetheart.” She greeted me. “I didn’t think you’d be up this early after your late night last night.” 
“I’m not really up yet.” I said, yawning sleepily and eyeing her coffee mug.
Mrs. Fitzgibbon began filling a cup with coffee from the old fashioned metal percolator. “Jenna’s still abed, I’m sure but Simon was up with the birds this morning, too. He went off with Dr. Eames. I expect he’ll be a bit knackered this afternoon.” She handed me a steaming mug of coffee. 
I sat down at the kitchen table and wrapped my hands around the mug to warm them before adding sugar and milk.
“So how was the pub?” My mother asked. 
“It was nice. I met a couple of Simon’s friends and the band wasn’t bad. We had a good time.” 
“Good.”  She gave me a smile.
I turned to Mrs. Fitzgibbon. “Yesterday, Jenna and I rode past the old stable. She said it burned down. Do you know when that happened?”
Mrs. Fitzgibbon looked surprised. “Well, now. Let me think.” She looked at my mom who nodded. 
I felt the hairs on the back of my neck prickle. I knew what she was going to say before she said it.
“It is part of our ghost story, you know.” Mrs. Fitzgibbon smiled. “It burned down around the same time that our ghost died. All part of the curse, they say. Of course, that’s just talk. Stories for all of us country folk to tell around the fire at night.”  She winked at me and bustled out of the kitchen with a tray.
“You certainly have developed in interest in ghosts since you arrived.” My mom grinned at me. 
I took a sip of my coffee. “I guess.” I tried to act uninterested, but my mind was busy churning over this new information.  Was Christian racing home to put out the fire? Was he killed in the fire? Who was that figure I saw running away from the stable during the fire? 
I was so busy thinking that I didn’t realize that my mom was still talking to me. I tuned in just in time to hear her ask me if I wanted to stay at Brynmoor.
“Uhm. I’m sorry, Mom. What did you say? I guess I’m still not awake yet.”
She patted my hand. “I said that I need to go to London for a few days with Richard. We’re leaving Wednesday. Some government-related social engagements of one sort or another. I wasn’t sure if you would want to come with us or if you would rather stay here with the Fitzgibbons. It’s up to you.”
“Hmmm. I don’t know. What would I be doing in London?’
“Well I could sign you up for some sightseeing tours and then you could hang out in the flat at night. I’d be busy most of the time, but I’m sure we could keep you entertained.” 
I took another sip of my coffee. “Would I be staying at Brynmoor by myself?”
 “Well, I spoke with Mrs. Fitzgibbon and she said that Jenna could stay with you at Brynmoor or you could stay with Jenna in her room at the cottage. It would be up to you.” 
I took a blueberry muffin from the plate that Mrs. Fitzgibbon had left for us and began to nibble on it. 
“I think I’d rather stay here.” The thought of sitting on a bus with a bunch of tourists and visiting museums all day didn’t sound very exciting. I was sure I could come up with something better to do around Brynmoor.
“Okay. I’ll let you and Jenna and Mrs. Fitzgibbon work out the details.” My mom leaned over and gave me a hug, “You and I will do our sightseeing later. I promise.”  She sighed. “You are such a good sport about all of this. I want you to know that I really appreciate it.”
“It’s okay, Mom. I mean most people don’t take their teenage daughters with them on their honeymoon.”
“It’s not a honeymoon, sweetheart,” my mom said. “You are more than welcome to come with us!”
“Mom. It’s okay. Really. I don’t mind,” I assured her. 
 I was surprised to realize that I really didn’t mind. I mean in terms of summer adventures, my stay in England was turning out to be a bit more exciting than I had thought it would be. After all, I was pretty sure that none of my friends in L.A. were living in a haunted mansion and having a secret love affair with a ghost. 
After breakfast I wandered into the library. I stood in front of the ancient card catalog trying to figure out how I would search for a book on the history of English aristocracy. I had copied down some titles from my internet search, but none of them seemed to be in the catalogue.  
I was just about to give up when I caught sight of Sir Richard walking past the open door. I called out his name.
“You’re just the person I need to see.” I told him, explaining what I was looking for. 
“Ah. Still intent on solving our genealogical mystery, I see.”  He smiled. “I think I have just the book to help you.”  He took out his reading glasses, balanced them on the end of his nose and opened a drawer of the card catalogue. “Here it is. This should do it. We have three volumes. I expect you’ll want the third volume.”  
I glanced at the card and followed him over to the bookshelves.  He found the books very quickly. It was bound in leather and embossed with gold. He carried the book over to the reading table. I read the title: English Peerage: A View of the Ancient and Present State of the English Nobility. 
“That pretty much says it all, doesn’t it?” I commented. 
“It’s a bit tedious.  Though you can find some interesting tidbits here and there. I also have copies of Debrett’s and Burke’s peerage, unfortunately they are shelved in my London flat.”
I eyed the thick book. “I probably won’t need those.”
“Good. Do you need any more assistance or shall I leave you to your research?” Richard asked. 
“I’m fine. Thanks for finding the book for me.” 
I sat down and opened the book. The book was organized by titles: Viscounts, Barons, Dukes, Marquisis and Earls. I opened the book to the Table of Contents, skimming down the list of Earls until I found Yarlbury. I flipped open to the page indicated by the Table of Contents. 

Hulse, Earl of Yarlbury
Thomas Hulse, Lord Hulse of Yarlbury, Knight of the Garter. Member of his majesty’s most honorable Privy Council, Groom of the Stole, High Steward of Trinity House…..

Who knew one person could have so many titles. 
I skimmed down the page for the biographical information. The title had been established by King James on the 22 of February 1611 for “considerable service of the crown.” I skimmed all the Earls and their children until I came to Christian’s father, Richard. Christian’s father inherited the title in 1826, after having “distinguished himself by great gallantry in the Royal Navy” during the war of 1812. The book listed Christian as his father’s only “issue.”  
Next I found a citation for Christian’s date of birth and the date of this death.  Nothing else was noted except that he died without “issue.”  Just reading about his death made me sad. 
I skipped up a generation and found Christian’s grandfather. His first wife was named Elizabeth. Their daughter was also named Elizabeth. That would have been Lily’s mother. Next, the book listed his second wife and their three sons. Those would have been Christian’s father and his two uncles. The chronology of the Earls left off at 1918. There was no mention of Lily or the name of the man that her mother married, only the date of birth and death of Lily’s mother.
Since that avenue of research didn’t provide me with much information, I decided to try and track down Edward Barrington.  Because I didn’t know the title of the Barrington family, I had to turn to the index in the back of the book. There were four pages associated with that last name Barrington. I was impressed. There had only been two pages for the Hulse family. Apparently, the Edward Barrington I had come to know in my dreams had quite a long lineage, no wonder he was so arrogant. 
The Barrington family was associated with the title Marquis of Glaxonton. The book first started off with a paragraph about how the first Marquis, one Henry Augustus Barrington, had “rendered the name Barrington illustrious in the annals of Great Britain with his gallantry and his intrepid and impetuous spirit.” 
However, as I read it became apparent that it there were two sides of the Barrington family lineage. For every illustrious Barrington, there seemed to be a notorious Barrington. Sprinkled among the noteworthy Barringtons were more than a few black sheep. One of the Barringtons was tried on suspicion of “being concerned with poisoning.” Another had been beheaded for treason.  In 1714, a Barrington ancestor had been locked up in the Tower of London for an incident related to a “stabbing in cold blood.” I also found a reference to a really awful Barrington who was so cruel on the battlefield that he earned himself the nickname of “Butcher.”  
It was fascinating reading. I skimmed through the chronicles of Barringtons until I came to Edward. I was pretty sure he was the same Edward in my dreams. His date of birth was listed as 1825 which would make him about the right age.
 He was the younger son, not in line for the title. However, his older brother had died in 1854, leaving him to inherit the title after the death of his father in 1858. Apparently, after inheriting the title Edward had “entered into riot and dissipation” until he managed to marry an heiress named Katherine Smythe.  Katherine’s family’s title then transferred over to Edward, along with her fortune and her last name.  He had two children, John Barrington-Smythe and Philip Barrington-Smythe. Then I guess all that “riot and dissipation” must have worn down Edward, since he didn’t live very long after he inherited his title. He died in 1863.
I paused. Barrington-Smythe. Billy Barrington-Smythe! I couldn’t believe that I hadn’t made the connection before. Hadn’t Richard said something about Billy’s family being well known.  Billy must be related to Edward Barrington. 
Well, I thought to myself, if Billy was related to the Barringtons, I was pretty sure what side of the family he took after and it wasn’t the illustrious and gallant Henry Augustus. No wonder they were both such jerks. They were related and both of them shared the “Butcher” as an ancestor. 
Of course, I might be wrong. Barrington-Smythe might be a really common name in England, like Jones. Maybe there were zillions of Barrington-Smythes running around England, though I didn’t think so.  I made a mental note to check with Richard about Billy’s family. 
Looking up at the clock, I realized that I had spent several hours lost in the history of the English peerage. I was starving. I closed the heavy book, lugging it back to the shelves before deciding to feed myself.
I ate a quick self-serve lunch. Sandwiches, cheese and fruit had been left for me on the sideboard. Then I walked over to Fitzgibbon’s cottage to see Jenna. 
A weak sun had finally managed to fight its way out from behind the gray clouds. The drizzle from this morning had disappeared and fresh rain-washed sunlight spilled across the gardens of Brynmoor, making the flowers and shrubs glisten. I inhaled the fragrance of wet flowers and grass, smiling to myself as I hiked across the grounds to the Fitzgibbon’s cottage.
Jenna wasn’t home. At a loss for something to do, I wandered over to the stable and saw that Simon had already turned the horses out into the paddock. I called out to Posy to let her know that I had a sugar cube for her. She whickered happily, trotting over to the fence to get her treat and her nose rubbed.  ‘How you’d like to go for a ride, girl?’ I asked her. 
I was surprised when Simon walked up to the paddock fence and stood beside me, resting his elbows on the top bar. He looked like he had been rolling around in the mud. His blue jeans and work boots were caked with dirt. His shirt stained with sweat and grass and white bits of fluff. The amazing thing was, he still looked great.
“I thought you were working with Dr. Eames today.”
He ran his hand through his copper-colored hair, making it stand on end. “I am. I spent my morning chasing down lambs and sheep over at the Martin’s farm.” 
I laughed. “Looks like the sheep won,” I told him. 
“It’s a bit of a messy job.” He smiled ruefully, brushing off some grass and hay from his shirt. “Are you thinking of going on a ride then?”  He patted Posy affectionately on the neck, as she pushed her nose against him looking for another treat. 
“Yeah. Is that okay?”
“Lily, you don’t need to ask my permission. You may ride whenever you wish. Remember, I work for Sir Richard. You tell me when you want to ride and I make sure that you’re able to do so.”
“Well in that case, I guess I’ll go for a ride.”
“As you wish, my lady.” He smiled. “You may practice with the trotting poles, if you like.” Simon gave me a quick show of his dimples, “I’ll be happy to set them out for you.”  
“Hmm. I think I’d rather explore a bit.”
Simon nodded his head thoughtfully. “Alright then though, until we find out about our mystery man from last night you shouldn’t stray away from Brynmoor. No solo rides into town or on the trails. Right?”
“No problem,” I told him, flashing him a mischievous smile. “Posy and I promise.”
Simon turned and faced me, his brown eyes looking serious. “I’d like to have a chat with you about last night,” he said. 
I felt my heart leap into my throat.  “Look. I know you probably think I’m crazy. Just forget everything I said last night, okay?” 
“I can’t.” Simon shook his head. He reached out and scratched Posy behind the ears. “The thing of it is, I don’t think you’re crazy. I know what I saw and, more importantly, what I didn’t hear.” He shook his head again in disbelief. “Not a sound. Not hoof beats. Not the sound of the horse blowing hard. Nothing.”
“So you believe me? You think it was a ghost?” 
He shrugged, “I don’t know about that yet. I’m trying to come up some sort of explanation. Though for the life of me, I can’t think of one.  Perhaps, if we put our heads together, we can come up with something. Why don’t I pop round later and you can tell me more about your ghost.”
“You’re not just doing this to see if I’m crazy, are you?” 
“No,” he answered slowly. “I want to find out more about the man who tried to run us down last night.”
“You know you’re wrong Simon. He wasn’t trying to run us down.” I felt the need to defend Christian. “I know him. He wouldn’t hurt me. He’s a …a friendly ghost,” I finished lamely.
 Simon didn’t bat an eye. “Ghost or not. I had a good look at the man on the horse. He was definitely angry and he was intentionally trying to run us down.” Simon paused. “I need to find out more about him. So I think it’s best if you and I sit down and compare notes on our mysterious horseman.” He sighed and looked at the horses. “But, right now I’ve work to finish up. So, I’ll pop ‘round the manor house later. If that’s all right with you?” 
“Sure. That’d be great. But you better make sure to clean up first. I think you’re mother will kill you if you tramp any of that mud into the house.”
“Right.” Simon laughed. “I promise to scrub first.” He nodded at me and I watched him walk toward the stable with long, purposeful strides.
As Simon disappeared into the stable, Jenna’s words flashed in my mind.  Was she right? I could only be with Christian if I was dead, but was that really what Christian wanted? Was Simon right? Was Christian trying to run me down?  I thought back to the feelings that I had sensed last night. The wave of anger I had felt had been tinged by something else, by fear. Christian had been angry but he was also afraid. That didn’t seem to make sense, unless he was afraid for someone else. Me? Lily? Was his mad dash related to the fire at the old stable? 
I didn’t know any of the answers. I only had questions. The only thing I was certain of was that Christian wanted Lily to be with him. I had to find out what happened to Lily. Then maybe things would make sense. 
“Okay, Posy. What do you think? Let’s get you saddled and maybe you and I can figure this out.”  Posy didn’t look like she had any answers, but then neither did I. 
By the time I had saddled Posy and started on my way, the sun had disappeared behind the clouds again. As I trotted toward the edge of the Brynmoor grounds, a heavy mist began settling around me wrapping the landscape in a damp white blanket. I crossed the lawn and made my way to the lych gate that separated Brynmoor proper from the fields leased by the Martins. I felt a momentary pang of guilt. I had promised Simon not to wander off the grounds. However, since the Martin’s only leased the land, I reasoned that the fields were technically still part of Brynmoor Manor. So I wasn’t really breaking my promise 
I felt a slight prickle of fear as I carefully closed the lych gate behind me. I wasn’t sure that I wanted to experience that horrible fire a second time, but I felt compelled to visit the ruins of the old stables again. I didn’t know why, but something was telling me that I needed to go there.
As Posy and I made our way through the field it was as if we were riding into the mists of time. Heavy vapor hung over the land turning animals, shrubs and fence posts into ghostly images of themselves. Disembodied noises floated toward me on the thick air. I could hear sheep bleating and animals moving about, but I couldn’t tell from which direction the sounds originated. Posy and I walked slowly and carefully through the mist-shrouded landscape.
I wasn’t really sure where the ruins lay, especially in this fog. I had a general idea of the direction, so I pointed Posy that way with the hope we would eventually stumble upon it. I knew without seeing it when we were getting close. I could feel the fear creep into my bones like cold fingers running up and down my spine. I pulled on the reins. Posy came to a halt, once again snorting and nervously stamping her hoofs. 
“It’s okay, girl.” I said softly to her. I quietly dismounted, looping the reins loosely over the saddle pommel. Posy was content to stay and graze, she didn’t want to get any closer to the ruins than she had to. I didn’t blame her. I was feeling a little nervous myself. I slowly walked through the mist toward the charred remains of the old stable. 
As my eyes adjusted to the mist, I could see the vague outline of something lying on the ground. I struggled to make out what it was. At first, I thought a tree had fallen or been cut and left in the middle of the pasture. I stared at the shape, trying to figure out why it was there. 
Suddenly, I felt my blood drain away in fear. I opened my mouth to scream, but there was no sound. My breath caught in my throat. It wasn’t a log at all! It was the body of a man! I stared in horror at the still figure lying on the ground. 
I stood unable to move for several seconds. His body lay so still. I was afraid he might be dead. I forced my shaking legs to move forward. As I did so I became aware that I was not alone. I could sense the presence of someone else nearby, hidden in the mist. 
“Whose there!?!” I called out, my voice trembling with fear.
The only answer was silence. I stood still and tilted my head listening. The hair on the back of my neck prickled. I heard a sound and whipped around frantically trying to locate the origin of the noise. A flash of movement caught my eye and I watched as a ghostly apparition disappeared into the mist. 
The man on the ground let out a low moan. I rushed to him. It was Simon! His face was deathly pale against the bright red blood that trickled down his forehead. He lay with his eyes closed. 
I kneeled down next to him. “Oh my God! Simon!” 
Simon groaned and opened his eyes. He looked around groggily and tried to sit up. 
“I don’t think you’re supposed to do that,” I told him. I frantically tried to remember what I had learned in the First Aid course I had taken. “You should lay still and, uhm, not move and, uhm, I should get a blanket to keep you warm to prevent shock.” 
Simon ignored me and carefully raised himself to a sitting position. He gingerly put his hand to the back of his head, carefully palpitating the back of his skull. 
“Simon, what happened?” I asked.
“I’m not sure. Someone bashed me on the head, I think.” He said, wiping the blood from his forehead with the back of his hand. He looked with surprise at the crimson streak it left on his hand. “I don’t think your ghost likes me very much.” 
Simon tried to push himself to a standing position, but sat down hard on his first attempt. “I think you’re going to have to help me. My skull isn’t fractured, but I’m not sure I’m going to be too steady when I stand.”
“You shouldn’t be moving. Lie still.” I ordered, adding sternly “You need a doctor.”
“I am a doctor.”  Simon said, smiling weakly.
“A doctor of animals! And you’re not one yet.” I replied, hotly.
Simon sighed. “Look. I haven’t the energy to argue. I do need a doctor but we aren’t going to find one in the middle of the Martin’s field. So I need your help. I don’t think I can manage walking out on my own.” 
“You don’t have to walk.” I told him. “I rode Posy out here. I’ll get her and we can ride back to Brynmoor.”
Simon nodded slightly. “Good idea.” He lay back down on the ground, his eyes closed. “I’ll wait.”
I left Simon to find Posy and lead her back to where he lay on the ground. We tore the bottom part of his t-shirt to make a make-shift bandage for his head. With some difficulty we managed to get both of us seated on top of Posy. I held the reins and directed Posy back toward Brynmoor as Simon, sitting behind me, wrapped his arms around my waist. His breathing was ragged. He leaned heavily against me. At one point he asked me to stop and leaned over the side to vomit. 
“Sorry,” he said. “After affects of a concussion.”  
We rode the rest of the way in silence. 


Chapter  16 

“Simon was very fortunate that you found him.” Sir Richard said to me while buttering his bread at dinner. “Concussions can be a fairly serious business.”
I nodded in agreement, pushing away the memory of Simon’s dark blood against his pale skin.
“I understand Simon was working out in the field when he had the accident, but why were you there? Were you helping Simon?” My mother looked at me expectantly, her eyes questioning.
“No.’ I answered carefully. “I didn’t even know he was there. I was just riding Posy and I thought I would explore a little.” I didn’t want to tell her my real reason for visiting the Martin’s field. I knew that if I did, she would wonder why I wanted to see the scorched ruins of some old building and I didn’t think I could come up with any sort of reasonable explanation.  
My mother put her fork down firmly and pressed her lips together, taking a breath before speaking to me. “You were exploring? By yourself? On horseback?” My mother asked. 
I tensed, waiting. I could tell from her tone of voice that my mother was not pleased. “Yeah.”
“Lily. I don’t think it’s safe for you to go exploring by yourself. What if you had fallen? It could have been you out on that field and no one would have any idea what had happened to you.  Instead of Simon, it could have been you hurt and lying there for hours. I don’t want you to do anymore exploring by yourself.”  
“Mom!” I said in exasperation. “I’m not two years old anymore. I think I can manage to ride around Brynmoor on my own without a guardian.”
My mother turned to Richard for support. “Richard, what do you think?” She asked. 
Richard looked me over, marshalling his thoughts. “I do think that Lily is old enough to wander about on her own.” I gave my mom a triumphant look, but Richard continued. “However, I think that perhaps she should refrain from exploring on horseback without a companion.” 
“There. That settles it then.” My mother said. “You need to let us know where you’re going when you leave the grounds and you need to go with Jenna or Simon if you do any more exploring on horseback.”
“Mom,” I said, rolling my eyes for affect.
“Lily, I’m serious. No riding alone. I want you to promise me.”
When my mom was like this, there was no arguing with her. “Okay,” I sighed. 
The problem was that I had even more reason to go back to the ruins of the old stable now. Not only did I need to figure out what happened 150 years ago, I also needed to find out what happened to Simon. 
At least my mom hadn’t forbidden me to visit the Martin’s fields. I could still do some investigating. Only tomorrow, I would have to hike there on my own two feet instead of riding Posy. 
That night I curled up in my bed, my thoughts whirling like frightened birds inside my head. I was worried about Simon. I was worried about Christian. What was going on? Someone had tried to hurt or possibly kill Simon. Who? Why?  What did the visions I was seeing mean? How did they fit together? Christian was trying to tell me something, but I didn’t know what it was.
I didn’t think the blood on Simon’s head was the result of any ghost.  I couldn’t believe that Christian would be involved in something like this. I thought about the ghostly figure I had seen fading into the mist before I discovered Simon unconscious on the ground. I pushed the memory away. No! Christian could not hurt anyone. Could he? 
“He could,” a small voice whispered traitorously to me. I remembered the fierce look on Christian’s face when he threatened Edward. Why did Christian send that memory to me? Was he warning me or threatening me? 
I fell into a troubled sleep. 

Christian stood before me, pale and reserved. 
 “You are going away,” I said, my eyes filled with tears. 
Christian brushed a tear from my cheek, his touch as soft as a butterfly’s wings. “I have to go, Lily. My father is not well. I need to manage his business concerns, since he is unable to travel.” He gave me a wry smile. “As heir to Brynmoor, my father expects it of me.” 
“I know.” My throat was hard and dry with grief.  I pulled a lace handkerchief from my pocket and dabbed at my eyes. “I am unbecomingly selfish. It is just that I will be so terribly lonely without you.”
Christian looked at me searchingly. “Lily. I will return in a few months.” He smiled warmly. “As you already know, you hold my heart in your small hand.” He reached for my hand and cradled it tenderly, placing it gently above his heart. 
My tears began to fall in earnest, scalding my cheeks. “Oh, Christian,” I cried out. “I had a terrible dream. I’m afraid. What if something happens to you? What if…”
“Oh, Lily. You mustn’t cry. We are destined to be together.” He tilted my chin and brushed his lips against mine. “I love you, Lily. You do not need to be afraid. I will not let anything nor anyone come between us!” The fierceness in his voice thrilled me and frightened me at the same time.
I laid my head on Christian’s shoulder as he stroked my hair. 
His voice gentled. “Here. I have something for you. Something to remind you of our promise to each other.” He pulled a small box out of his coat pocket. 
I glanced up at him and slowly opened the box. Nestled inside was a small gold locket. 
“Oh. Christian. It’s beautiful.” My initials AV curved in graceful script on the front cover of the locket. I opened the slim oval pendant. A lock of Christian’s dark hair lay within. “I will wear this faithfully until the day you return.” 
Christian snapped the locket shut and fastened the delicate chain around my neck. 
He gathered me in his arms and kissed me. As he pressed me close to his chest I could feel his heart beating next to mine. Its strong thrumming rhythm made my blood pulse in response. My breathing became ragged. I could feel my heart’s throbbing rhythm change to synchronize with his. I belonged to Christian and no one else.

 I woke up feeling like liquid flame. My entire body burned with the memory of that kiss. Closing my eyes, I lay back on my pillow trying to recapture the image of Christian’s lips lingering on mine. I had never experienced anything like that in my life. It was the act of a man physically pledging his heart and soul to me. I no longer harbored any doubts about Christian. He and I were irrevocably linked together. I knew that he would never willfully hurt me. 
 
At breakfast Mrs. Fitzgibbon informed us that the hospital had released Simon last night. He had suffered a slight concussion and needed several stitches.  According to his mother, Simon was convalescing at home and doing quite well, though he did have a lingering headache. 
I guess Simon didn’t want to complicate matters and answer a lot of questions,  because he told everyone that he had slipped and hit his head on a rock. I knew better, but I didn’t say anything to Mrs. Fitzgibbon. 
Simon hadn’t fallen. I was certain that someone had deliberately tried to hurt him. I didn’t know why. I didn’t know who, but I was going to make it my business to find out. After chatting with Mrs. Fitzgibbon, I decided that I would hike back to the Martin’s field and see if the ghostly apparition from yesterday had left any clues to his identity. 
Before leaving Brynmoor Manor, I made sure to put on a waterproof jacket. The heavy mist from yesterday evening was gone, but a bruised morning sky threatened rain. I stopped by the stable on my way out, slipping a couple of contraband sugar cubes to Posy. “Not today. I’m on strict orders to walk. I’ll be back later.” I told her, patting her neck as she eagerly whickered for more sugar.
Hiking through the orchard, I opened the lych gate separating the Martin’s leased fields from Brynmoor. I stopped to get my bearings. It had been a bit confusing with the fog yesterday, but I had a fairly good idea where I had found Simon. I knew I had found him somewhere near the old stable ruins. I turned in that direction and made my way, scanning the ground for anything that might help identify Simon’s assailant. 
I was intently scrutinizing the ground and doing my best to imitate Sherlock Holmes when Simon showed up. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked.
Simon answered me a wide grin. “I expect the same thing you are. Trying to find out who thumped me on the head yesterday.”
I looked at him suspiciously. “You’re a bit too cheery and energetic for someone who is supposed to be in bed with a concussion and stitches.”
 “Well, I won’t be running any races today, but I’m doing fine.” He touched the back of his head and winced. “Lucky for me, I’ve got a pretty thick skull.”
I gave him a sour look. “I already know that but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t be in bed.
Simon shrugged, flashing his dimples in my direction. He ignored my comment and cheerily asked, “Should we team up then?” He paused, looking at me expectantly. “You work this area, and I’ll start over here.” 
I sighed. “Okay, but if you pass out or something, you’re on your own. I walked today and there’s no way I can carry you by myself.”
Simon chuckled. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
We walked the ground scanning the wet grass for clues. The green grass was littered here and there with small rocks and clumps of wild flowers. I caught a glimpse of something red in the grass. It looked like one of the scorched bricks from the old stable ruins.
“Simon! I think I found something!” I yelled excitedly. I touched the brick with the toe of my tennis shoe. It was covered with a dark sticky substance. Simon’s blood? Nearby the grass lay crushed and matted as if something heavy had lay on top of it. 
Simon hurried over. “Well done!” He said excitedly. “This must be where you found me.” He knelt by the brick and carefully studied it. “Looks like your ghost tried to bash in my head with a brick.” 
I felt my face flame hot with embarrassment and anger. I knew Simon didn’t believe in my ghost any more than he believed in Santa Clause. That was fine. He didn’t have to, though it didn’t mean that he had the right to tease me as if I were still some stupid little kid. I don’t know why but hot tears well up in my eyes. I made a little choking sound as I angrily wiped them away. 
Simon looked up at me expectantly. Surprised by the expression on my face, he abruptly stood up. “What’s wrong?” He reached out to me.
I turned my back on him and hurriedly brushed away my tears. “Nothing.”  I wasn’t sure why I was crying over a stupid remark. I think I had been battered by too many intense emotions in the last few days.
Simon carefully put his arm around my shoulders. “You’re upset. Why? Is it the blood?”  He asked.
 “No.”
“What is it then?” He gently placed his hand under my chin and tilted my face toward his. He looked questioningly into my eyes. 
I swallowed past the hard lump that had formed in my throat. “I don’t like it when people make fun of me,”  I told him stiffly. 
“Make fun of you?” Simon repeated, confused. 
I took a deep breath. “Look. I know you don’t believe me about Christian.”
Simon raised one eyebrow in disbelief. “Your ghost? You’re upset about your ghost?”
“No. I’m upset that you are treating me like I’m some stupid girl, like what I think is a big joke.”
Simon shook his head wonderingly. His brown eyes were calm and kind. He gave me a half-smile. “Lily, I definitely do not think that.” 
“You don’t?” My voice was a bit wobbly.
“No. I don’t. Far from it, in fact.” He leaned toward me.  For a moment, I thought he was going to kiss me. My breath caught in my throat as I looked up at him. He paused abruptly, as if remembering something. Dropping his hand from my chin, he smiled crookedly at me.  
“How could I not respect the woman who single-handedly lugged me back to Brynmoor yesterday.” He touched his bandaged head. 
I smiled through my tears. “Posy deserves some of the credit,” I sniffed.
Simon grinned crookedly. “And so she does. So now that that’s settled, shall we get back to work? 
 “Sure.”
“Right. Let’s see what else we can find.”
Simon turned around slowly surveying the field. His eyes came to rest on an outcropping of rocks surrounded by shrubs. It looked like a small island set in the middle of a sea of green grass. “That looks promising.” He pointed toward the rocks. “Why don’t we have a look?”
As we approached the rock formation, I could see that there was a shallow cave formed by the overlapping rocks and shrubs. The grass around the rocks was crushed and flattened.
“Looks like someone’s dossing in Martin’s field,” Simon said, frowning. 
“Dossing?” I asked. “You mean like camping?”
Simon bent low and peered into the opening. “Yeah. Sleeping rough.”
I looked around dubiously. “Isn’t this a little far to be camping out? How would someone get here unless they cut through Brynmoor?” I asked.
“You can’t see it because of the trees, but the road borders this field. Not much of a walk really. He could catch a lift in a car and get dropped off, then cut across the field. Look. Here’s his rucksack.”  Simon explained.
I crowded behind Simon and peered into the gloom. The cave wasn’t really a cave, more like a hollow spot that had been dug out underneath a rocky ledge. Even so, it was probably enough to keep someone dry in a light rain.
A dirty sleeping bag lay crumpled next to the backpack. Cigarette butts, potato chip bags, and empty beer cans littered ground near the sleeping bag. Bricks, probably taken from the old stable ruins had been arranged to form a circular fire ring around a pile of burnt wood and ashes. One was missing. 
My eyes skimmed over the items left behind by the cave’s missing occupant. Thrown on top of the backpack was something that caught my eye. It was a red t-shirt with black swastika on it. The same type of t-shirt I had seen Billy’s skinhead friend wearing in Shawsbury.
I pointed it out to Simon. He nodded his head thoughtfully. “It could be the same bloke. Or it might be someone else.” Simon straightened up. “Whoever’s dossing here, probably doesn’t want visitors.” He looked around, his eyes scanning the surrounding field. “I’ll let John Martin know about this so he can get things cleared out. I think it’s best we get going. No sense hanging around here.” He paused and smiled at me ruefully, “I’d rather not be here when our friend get’s back. One bash in the back of the head is enough for me.” 
Simon and I hiked back through the field to the lych gate, each of us lost in our own thoughts. I was relieved to know that a human had injured Simon. While I hadn’t really thought Christian was capable of anything like that, it was comforting to have proof that there was a flesh and blood person behind the attack. Though, I didn’t much like the idea that Billy and his loser friend might be hanging around Brynmoor.
As Simon closed the gate behind us, he asked me if I would like to try jumping Posy over some fences.
“You mean like jumping over fences on a horse?” I squeaked. 
“Well. Unless you know another way to get a horse over them. Yes.” Simon grinned. “I’m under doctor’s orders to keep my athletics to a minimum, but the horses have to be exercised.” Simon paused and looked at me. “You can do it.” He told me. “I’ve never seen anyone take to riding as quickly as you have.”
I flushed with pleasure at his praise. “Hmmm. I don’t know.”
“Well. Think on it, a bit. I’ll be working at the stable today, if you decide to give it a try.”
I narrowed my eyes. “You’re going to the stable? Aren’t you supposed to be taking it easy? You know your mother thinks you’re in bed.”
“Well, like I said, I’ve got a pretty thick skull.” He grinned wickedly at me. 

By late afternoon the sun had come out from behind the clouds, causing Simon’s copper-colored hair to flame gold in the light. He sat perched on the paddock fence with an encouraging smile on his face. 
“I don’t know about this.” I said, nervously eyeing the jump that he had set up in the middle of the paddock. 
“You can do it. It’s just the same as you’ve been practicing with the trotting poles, only a bit higher.” Simon explained patiently. 
“Okay.” I took a deep breath. “I’ll try it.”  I turned Posy and began to trot in a circuit around the paddock. When we came upon the jump, I angled her toward it and urged her forward. Posy quickened her pace. I felt her shift her weight to her hindquarters as she prepared to leap over the fence and then…. I panicked. 
I’m not sure how it happened, but Posy was on one side of the fence and I was on the other. As I lay sprawled on the ground, I was vaguely aware of Simon leaping off the paddock fence and hurrying to my side. His concerned face peered into mine. “Are you hurt?” He asked.
I sat up, “Only my pride.” 
Simon offered me his hand and helped me stand up. I brushed the dirt and grass from my backside. Posy stood unconcernedly munching grass on the other side of the fence.
“The best thing is to get up and give it another go. But you don’t have to, if you’re not up to it,’ Simon said.
I glared at him. “Oh. I’m up for it.” I told him tartly. “I am going to learn how to do this.”
Undisguised approval glinted in his eyes. “Good for you.”
He gave me a leg up and I readied Posy to try again. Simon returned to his seat on the paddock fence.
“Lily!” He called out. “A bit of advice.” His mouth twitched as he tried to keeping from grinning. “This time you might want to stay on the horse when you go over the fence.”
I glared at him as Posy and I circled the paddock once more. 
My stomach was filled with butterflies, but I managed to keep the panic at bay, and we made it over. It wasn’t pretty, but we both ended up on the same side of the fence, and I was still sitting on top of Posy. 
“Well done!” Simon called encouragingly. 
I tried a couple of more fences. With each success, I began to gain more confidence. I realized that all I had to do was relax, shift my weight forward and let Posy do the work. After all, she was the one jumping. Once I had figured that out, jumping was, well it wasn’t exactly easy, but we managed to clear the fences without any trouble.
Simon nodded approvingly each time I cleared the jumps. In fact, by the time my riding lesson was over, I was feeling fairly comfortable jumping all of the small fences that Simon had constructed for me. 
By the end of the lesson, I could hardly contain my pleasure. I was smiling from ear to ear as Simon and I walked back to the stable with Posy.  
 “Can I get a rain check?” Simon asked as he removed Posy’s saddle.
“A rain check?”
“Well, if you remember, I was planning to see you last night, before I got conked on the head. I would like to hear more about your ghost.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. 
He laughed. “Seriously. I am not having you on. I am interested.” He touched the back of his head gingerly. “And I’ve got the sore head to prove it.”
I gave him another glance. I was still a little suspicious. I know he didn’t believe me about Christian. Though I guess I couldn’t really blame him. I’m not sure I would believe it myself, if it wasn’t happening to me. I shrugged my shoulders. “Okay. When do you want to get together?” 
“What about tomorrow? I’ll stop by after I finish up work.” 
“Okay. See you then.” 
Later that night, I went to bed thinking about what we had found in the Martin’s field. I was certain that the brick that I had found had been taken from the old stable ruins. Maybe it wasn’t just luck that had caused me to stumble upon Simon, I thought as I remembered the strong impulse I had to revisit the site. Perhaps Christian had lent a helping hand as well. 


Chapter  17

“Your uncle has passed.” Lady Yarlbury told me, her face stern and foreboding. “After his funeral, you will need to find other accommodations as I will no longer shelter you at Brynmoor.”
I looked on in disbelief. “You can’t mean that.” 
“Oh, but I do my dear. I want you out of this house. You will leave before Christian returns.” LadyYarlbury’s hard eyes glittered like hard dark stones. “You have one week to gather your things and make arrangements to find lodging elsewhere.”
“But Aunt, where will I go? I have no other family in England.”
“That is of no concern of mine. My husband allowed you to stay here out of deference to your mother. I feel no such obligation. You will leave my home.” She turned her back on me, grandly making her exit. She paused in the doorway, “By the way, you have a visitor. I shall have him shown in.” 
I sank slowly onto a settee and began to weep. 
Edward Barrington entered the room, looking at my tear stained face with disdain. “Oh, how the high and mighty have fallen. It seems that you find yourself in somewhat difficult circumstances. No financial resources, no one to whom you might turn for shelter. What will you do?”  
“Are you so cruel, Edward, that you find enjoyment in my distress?”
“You will pardon me, if I don’t answer,” Edward replied, smirking. “You rejected my offer of marriage once, but what do you say to my proposal now? Surely, marriage to me is better than your other alternatives. I hate to imagine your lovely hands scrubbing floors or worse.” 
“Go away, Edward. Leave me in peace.”
Edward’s face flushed angrily. “You had best consider my offer. You must know that you will not be permitted to marry Christian. Your aunt and I will see to that!” Edward turned on his heel and marched out of the room. 
I brushed away my tears. I could not afford to feel sorry for myself.  I needed to escape Brynmoor and think of a plan. I was not going to be trapped into marrying Edward Barrington!
I quickly rushed out of the drawing room. In my haste, I nearly ran into my aunt. She put a hand on my arm, detaining me. 
“You would be wise to consider Edward’s offer,” she said coldly

I spent a restless night, tossing and turning after my dream. I didn’t know what Christian wanted. Why was Edward in my dream? Did Lily marry Edward?  Was Christian warning me about something? I had all these memories, but they didn’t seem to make sense. I felt like I was in the middle of some complicated jigsaw puzzle. I had collected a large number of bits and pieces, but I couldn’t put them together. I knew that Christian was trying to tell me something, but I didn’t know what it was. 
I was up most of the night trying to tease some kind of meaning from my dream. However, the more I tried to understand what was going on, the more confused I felt. At some point I guess I fell asleep, because I woke up to a warm summer sun, shining though the windows of my room. 
There is something about a bright summer morning that makes everything seem better. Even after a couple of stressful days and restless nights, I felt good. I wasn’t sure if it was the prospect of a cloudless blue sky or the possibility of spending time with Simon that had chased all my worries away. Whatever the cause, I woke up in a really great mood. I hopped out of bed and got dressed, humming a happy little tune while I brushed and braided my hair.
I realized that I had slept later than usual when I came downstairs. I managed to catch one of the day maids in the kitchen, cleaning up the leftovers from breakfast. I grabbed a bran muffin and a banana. There wasn’t any coffee left, but that didn’t bother me. The summer sunshine had infused me with so much energy that I didn’t need any caffeine this morning.
After breakfast, I snuck a few sugar cubes into my pocket and made my way to the stable. Posy whickered appreciatively when I approached her stall. She eagerly thrust her head at me, nosing around for the treats that she knew I carried.
“Stop being so greedy,” I scolded her, as I gently pushed her away.
Neither Simon nor Jenna was around, but I didn’t mind. I was happy to have the stable to myself.  I led Posy out of her stall and brushed her until her coat gleamed. Then I saddled her up and we rode out to the paddock. I was ready to try jumping those fences again.
We trotted around the paddock to warm up. The smell of grass and warm wet earth was invigorating. Posy kicked up her heels, snorting and prancing as if she was enjoying the summer sunshine as much as I was.
“Whoa, girl.” I told her, pulling gently on the reins. “Next time I’ll save the sugar for after our ride.” 
I decided to work out some of Posy’s excess energy before attempting the fences. We trotted and cantered around the paddock a couple of more times, before I pointed her toward the smallest fence. 
The butterflies from yesterday had returned and I felt a little nervous as we approached the first fence. We cleared the fence, but I was a little wobbly. I sat back hard after Posy landed the jump. 
“You need to press your heels down and loosen up on the reins,” a voice called out. 
I turned in the saddle expecting to see Simon. I think I might have gasped. The sunlight caught the gold of blonde hair, not red. So much did Billy resemble his ancestor, that for a moment I thought it was Edward sitting on the paddock fence. It took several seconds for my brain to process the fact that I was not having a ghostly hallucination and that it was Billy who sat taunting me with a smug look on his face.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, ungraciously.
“I was in the neighborhood and I thought I’d pop round for a visit.”
“Well don’t let me keep you from visiting whoever it is you came to see,” I told him, as I wheeled Posy around.
“I hear someone tried to knock some sense into Fitzgibbon.” Billy called out, laughing harshly. 
I stopped. “How did you find out about that?” I asked him suspiciously.
Billy shrugged. “Word gets around. You know how it is.” 
“Yeah, right, especially if you’re the guy who hit him.”
Billy smirked. “I wish I could take the credit, but it wasn’t me.”
“Right.” I didn’t believe him. 
Posy and I made a slow circuit around the fences, trying to ignore our visitor. Billy wouldn’t leave.
Finally, I couldn’t stand it anymore. I trotted up to the paddock fence and stopped right in front of Billy. “Okay, Billy, what did you come here for? What do you want?”
“I popped round to see you.”
I looked at him in disbelief.
“You don’t believe me. I’m hurt.” He said, mockingly.
“Okay. You’ve seen me. So, good bye.” I turned Posy away from the fence.
“What is it with you? I’m paying you a social call and you ignore me.”
“Maybe, because I don’t want to socialize with you.”
“What you’d rather socialize with some gardener’s son, a guy who spends his day shoveling horse…”
“Shut up!” 
He laughed. “I can’t believe it. It’s true. You got a thing for the hired help.” He shook his head in disbelief. “I guess my dad’s right, blood will out. I shouldn’t expect anything else. You’re an American.”
I nodded. “And you’re a snob. Like you’re blood makes you better than anyone else. You’re a total loser and that’s not going to change no matter who your family is.”
Billy’s eyes hardened with anger. He flipped me the bird.
I laughed.  Sitting on the back of an animal that weighs 1000 pounds makes you feel pretty brave. I probably shouldn’t have said anything, but I taunted him. “That’s real high class, Billy. I guess your dad is right. Blood will out.”
I gave Posy a kick with my heels and we cantered to the far end of the paddock. “By the way, tell your loser friend we found his campsite and he’d better stay clear of the Martin’s field if he knows what’s good for him,” I called over my shoulder.
I guess my confrontation with Billy should have ruined my day, but it didn’t. It made me feel invincible. In fact, I was feeling pretty cheery as Posy and I finished our jumping practice. Of course, if I had known what Billy was going to do later, I probably would have tried harder to keep my mouth shut. 
After returning Posy to her stall, I stopped by the Fitzgibbon cottage. Jenna bubbled excitedly about our sleepover. We spent a couple of hours at the kitchen table deciding what we were going to do, though I was only half-listening to Jenna as she made plans. I was looking forward to spending the night with Jenna, but I realized the knot of anticipation I felt had more to do with seeing Simon, than the sleepover.  
True to his word, a freshly scrubbed Simon arrived at Brynmoor, just as we were sitting down to tea. Hudson announced our visitor and Sir Richard asked that Simon be shown into the drawing room. 
“That’s okay. I’ll go.” Much to the great disapproval of Hudson, I rushed up from the table and hurried to meet Simon.
Simon wore a white button-down shirt which had been carefully pressed and tucked neatly into his jeans. He had combed his hair and shaved. He smelled faintly of cologne.
“Wow. When you scrub, you don’t mess around.” 
“Well I didn’t want to upset the housekeeper.” He gave me a wide smile, adding with a wink, “I hear she has a fierce temper.”
Hudson appeared at the door and requested that Simon and I join my mom and Sir Richard in the drawing room. 
“Sorry,” I muttered to Simon. “You arrived at tea time.”
Much to Simon’s embarrassment, my mother insisted that he join us for tea. He tried desperately to beg off, but eventually yielded to my mother’s insistence. 
I could tell he was uncomfortable having tea with his employers, especially since my mother quizzed him mercilessly the entire time. She asked him question after question about his work with Dr. Eames, his friends, his studies, and his plans for the future. Poor Simon didn’t have much time to enjoy his cucumber sandwiches because he was so busy getting grilled by my mother. I finally put a stop to her questions, after she asked him if he had a girlfriend. 
“Mom!” 
My mom looked at me calmly. “Yes, sweetheart. Is something the matter?”
I rolled my eyes and caught Sir Richard hiding a smile behind his tea cup. 
“Quit giving Simon the third degree,” I said hotly. “Let the poor guy drink his tea.” 
“I’m sure that Simon understands that I’m just trying to get to know him better.” She smiled at Simon. Then she turned her attention back to me. “Lily, you may think you’re an adult, but you aren’t. Simon is an adult.” My mother paused to look at Simon. “And I know that he is mature enough to realize that it is important for me know something about your friends and acquaintances.” My mother smiled serenely at Simon.
I gawked at my mother in horror.
Simon nodded in agreement. “Of course, Lady Yarlbury. I am more than happy to answer your questions.” 
“Mom!” I sputtered, fuming. 
Simon used my interruption to make his escape. Carefully avoiding eye contact with me, he thanked my mother and Sir Richard for tea and excused himself to check on the horses.
“I’ll go and keep you company,” I offered.
“Lily, just a moment. Simon you go ahead,” My mother told him. After he left, my mother added, “He’s a nice young man.” She sipped her tea thoughtfully. Looking at me seriously over her teacup, she added “Though much too old for you.”
I felt my face flush crimson. “Mom! How could you! That was totally embarrassing!” I stood up and rushed out the room, leaving my mother and a bemused-looking Sir Richard to finish tea without me. 
I found Simon at the stables, sitting on an upturned feed bucket. Pip rested his shaggy black head on his knee and Simon absent-mindedly scratched him behind the ears. Pip thumped his tail a couple of times when he saw me, but he didn’t move his head from Simon’s knee.  
I pulled over another bucket and sat next to him. “So, why did you name him Pip?” I asked as I reached over and patted Pip’s shaggy head.
Simon looked surprised at my question. He gave me a half-smile. “Because he was the pip of the litter.” He turned toward the black dog and ruffled his ears, “Weren’t you, boy?” Pip thumped his tail again, happy to acknowledge the attention. 
“Hey. I’m sorry about my mom,”  I said. “She can be a bit overprotective.”
“She’s just looking out for you.” 
“Well she didn’t have to grill you like that,” I sputtered. “She drives me crazy when she does stuff like that.” 
“Your mother was just trying to get her point across.” Simon said. “Which she managed to do quite well.”
“Look Simon, in spite of what my mom thinks. I am not that young. I’ll be 18 in a few months and…” I looked at Simon and started to blush. 
Simon gave me a long look.
“Oh. Never mind.” I muttered.  
Simon pushed Pip’s head off of his lap and stood up. “Right, I think I’ll head on home. You should, too.” 
“But I thought we were going to talk about…” I let my sentence trail off. 
 “I think it would be best if we wait until tomorrow.” He gave me a brief smile. 
I stood and watched as Simon walked back toward his cottage with long strides, Pip happily following behind.
I left the stable and returned to Brynmoor Manor. I didn’t bother to finish my tea. Instead of returning to the drawing room, I stomped upstairs to my room. 
Tears of frustration blurred my vision as I threw myself on the bed. I was mad at my mother. I was mad at Simon. I was mad at Christian. I was tired of being buffeted about by feelings and visions and ghosts. I was tired of being in England. I was tired of not having a normal social life, and I was really tired of having someone else’s memories filling my head. 
Later that night my mom came in to check on me. I knew she wanted to talk about what happened, but I was still angry with her, so I pretended that I was asleep. After a few minutes, I heard her sigh and she quietly left the room.

That night I dreamed that I was walking in Shelton Wood. 

The trees had folded into the night sky blocking most of the moonlight, so that only the barest glimmer illuminated the bridle path. The air was heavy with the scent of rot and damp. I shivered and pulled my cloak tightly about me. Hearing a sound, I stepped off the path and disappeared into the shadows. I stood very still, my eyes straining against the dark. 
I stood silently, watching as an unknown horse and rider moved stealthily along the path. The sound of the horse’s hoofs muffled by wet leaves. The rider was swathed entirely in black. His face was shielded from view by the brim of his hat. He stopped his horse directly in front of me and peered over his shoulder as if searching for something. I held my breath, afraid. Anger and resentment filled the air, settling around his shoulders like a silk cape. The rider sat very still. He cocked his head to one side, listening. Hearing something, he abruptly wheeled his mount off the trail and hid himself among the trees on the opposite side of the bridle path.
I stood still hardly daring to breathe, when I heard the sounds of a second horse approaching. Christian trotted down the secluded path. I tried to call out to him to warn him of the man hiding among the trees. “Christian! Christian! I yelled, but he neither saw nor heard me. In less than a moment he was gone. 
As the sound of his horse’s hoofs faded into the distance, the wood became eerily silent. My attention had been so intently focused on Christian that I almost failed to notice when a shadow detached itself from among the trees. The mysterious horseman rode onto the bridle path. His fury and resentment burned hot and bright, even in the darkened woods. He angrily urged his mount forward, following Christian into the night.  

NO! I did not want to see what happened next. Fighting against a memory that threatened to become a nightmare, I forced myself awake. I surfaced from my dream as if I had been held under water by a strong, cold current, shivering and gasping for air as I regained conscious thought. Now I knew how Christian died, and I also knew that he hadn’t died by accident.
Who would have hated Christian enough to hurt him? Edward! The name leaped into my mind. The other rider could have been Edward, but I wasn’t sure. It was too dark to see his face. It was obvious that Edward resented Christian, but did he hate him enough to enough to kill him?  Nothing was making any sense. I didn’t know what Christian was trying to tell me. All I knew was that my dream had turned into an ugly nightmare. Once again, I tossed and turned throughout the night, wrestling with memories that did not belong to me.
I woke up in a foul mood. I was still angry with my mom, but I recognized that my frustration with Christian also contributed to my bad mood. Why was he tormenting me at night?
I crawled out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom, stubbing my toe in the process. As I hopped around on one foot, my mood worsened. I wrenched open the red velvet drapes and dazzling sunshine flooded my room.  While the sunshine yesterday had energized me with happiness, today I could have done with some clouds and rain. Wouldn’t you know, just when I needed a dark and dismal day to match my mood, I would wake up to sparkling sun.
I found my mother and Richard sitting quietly in the dining room. Breakfast had been set out on the sideboard. 
“Good morning, sweetheart,” My mom greeted me cheerily.
I gave my mother a withering look. My mother ignored it.
“Richard was hoping to go for a ride this morning before we leave for London. Why don’t you join him? I hear that you are becoming quite good with the horses.” My mother smiled at me encouragingly.
I gave her another look. “You totally embarrassed me last night! You are ruining my life because you want to be some stupid snobby aristocrat!” Billy’s ugly words came back to me. “You don’t want me spending time with Simon because he’s the hired help.”
“Lily!” My mom looked upset. “How can you say that?”
“It’s true!” Angry tears welled up in my eyes.
My mom stood up and put her arm around my shoulders. “Lily. Sweetheart. I am sorry I embarrassed you. It’s just that Simon is so much older than you. You’re still in high school. And when he showed up,” she paused. ‘Well, I thought he was coming to take you out on a date.  I just wanted to…” Her voice faded. 
“Well, he wasn’t!” I sobbed. “Now, thanks to you, he never will!”
My mother kissed the top of my head. “I’m sorry, sweetheart. It’s just that I don’t want you to make the same mistakes I made.”
“I’m not you! I’m a completely different person!”
My mother sighed. “I know. I guess that mothers never think that anyone is ever good enough for their little girls. Look. Why don’t you go for that ride with Richard? Simon can saddle the horses for you. Maybe you can patch things up with him.” 
I wasn’t ready to forgive my mother yet. “I doubt it! Simon has probably left town. You treated him like he was some child molester or something!” 
“Marguerite.” Sir Richard gently interjected. “Lily may have other plans this morning.”
“Oh. I am sure any plans she may have can be changed.”
“Mom!”
Richard looked at me apologetically.  
I refused. I sulked. I pouted. I gave my mother the evil eye, but in the end I went. Not for my mom. No. I went because poor Richard looked so unhappy about being caught in the middle of our mother/daughter moment that I decided to put him out of his misery. 
Simon was all business when Sir Richard and I showed up at the stables. If he was surprised, he didn’t show it. “You’ll want Sirocco, Sir?” He asked. 
Sir Richard nodded, patting the gleaming hide of his stallion. Only he and Simon were allowed to ride Sirocco. “I’ll take care of Sirocco, why don’t you help Lily with Posy?” Sir Richard gave me an encouraging grin.
“Yes, Sir.” Simon replied dutifully.
Simon saddled the Posy and chatted with Sir Richard about having the local ferrier come and shoe the horses. He practically ignored me. Aside from a brief “Good morning,” he didn’t speak to me at all. Even when I asked him a direct question, he barely answered. I was fuming by the time Sir Richard and I set out on our ride.
We mounted the horses and I set out at a brisk pace, with my new step-dad trailing behind me. I pointed Posy toward the village instead of the back fields of Brynmoor, I didn’t want to take a chance in passing by the old stables. I definitely didn’t need to make my bad mood worse by reliving that horrible fire. Just the thought of it was enough to make me shudder.
Sir Richard let me stew in silence for awhile as we rode through the countryside. After awhile, he cleared his throat and commented. “Your mother means well.” 
“Yeah. Well I’m old enough to take care of myself! I don’t need her treating me like I’m some little kid. Everything is just perfect for her. She gets to be Lady Yarlbury of Brynmoor Manor. But me? Well, thanks to her, not only do I have to hang out in the middle of nowhere, I don’t even have anyone to hang out with!” 
I knew I sounded like a spoiled, whiny teenage girl, but what can I say? That’s exactly how I felt and I didn’t care how I sounded. I gave Posy a sharp kick in the sides and trotted ahead. Richard said nothing, though he kept pace with me. 
Of course, since it was such a beautiful morning, it was almost impossible to maintain my bad mood for long. In spite of myself, I felt my black mood lifting as we trotted among the green and gold fields. I lifted my face to the warm sunshine and decided that whining and complaining wasn’t going to solve the problem. What I needed to do was take charge of the situation.
Sir Richard and I parted company as soon as we returned to Brynmoor. I rode back to stable, while Sir Richard headed out to take Sirocco over some fences and as he explained “run him through his paces.” By the time I returned to the stable, I was ready to set Simon straight.
Simon was saddling Dancer at the hitching post when Posy and I arrived. “Are you going to take Dancer out and exercise him?” I asked.
 “Yes.” He answered, buckling the girth tightly. He did not look up. “I’ll take care of Posy in a moment. You can just leave her here.”
I dismounted and led Posy over to the hitching post. “So, when do you want to get together today?’
“I’m a bit busy today.” He answered, as he fitted the bit into Dancer’s mouth and slid the bridle over his head. 
“Okay. Well, I’ll be around, so you can come by anytime.” I paused. 
Simon continued buckling the bridle, but said nothing. 
“I had a great ride today,” I said brightly. “It’s really beautiful out.”
Simon nodded in my direction, but didn’t reply. He turned toward Posy and slipped the halter around her neck. 
“Sir Richard wanted to take Sirocco over some fences, so he won’t be back for another forty-five minutes or so. He asked me to tell you.” I babbled, while Simon removed Posy’s bridle and saddle. 
“I’ll be sure to be back before Sir Richard returns.” Simon said, slipping the halter over Posy’s head and leading her back to her stall. 
I could feel myself getting steamed. I followed him into the stable. “Look Simon. I don’t know why you’re treating me like I have the plague or something, but I wish you’d stop.”
Simon looked at me. He gave me the faintest trace of a smile as he returned Posy to her stall. “Look, I’m sorry. I’m just a bit busy today.”  
I followed him as he walked back to the Dancer. The gray horse stamped his hoofs impatiently, eager to get on his way. Simon loosened the reins he had looped around the hitching post. 
“You know, you don’t have to avoid me,” I told him. “I mean I know why you don’t want to talk to me, but my mom had it all wrong! She thought you were coming to take me out on a date. She thinks you’re too old for me. That’s why she acted like that.”
Simon looked up, his face as still as stone. “She had it right.” He said quietly. “I forgot my place. It won’t happen again.”
I was dumbstruck! I sat there with my mouth gaping open like an idiot, while Simon mounted Dancer and cantered away. 


Chapter 18 

After I recovered from my shock, I thought of a million questions I wanted to ask Simon what did he mean my mother was right? Was she right about him being too old for me? Or was she right about him asking me out on a date? I was kind of hoping it was the second one, but I didn’t know. I wish I did.
 I had to admit that it would be nice to know that I wasn’t just attractive to dead guys. Not that I didn’t like hanging out with Christian, but having a ghost boyfriend wasn’t exactly my ideal summer romance. And the romance had seemed to have gone missing for the last couple of nights, to be replaced with nightmares.
I started thinking about Simon. I liked him. I liked that fact that was different from the goofy boys at my high school. Simon was kind and encouraging. Not at all like the high school boys that I knew. They always seemed to need to prove how great they were by flexing their muscles and bragging to get attention. Simon wasn’t like that. In fact, he didn’t brag at all even when he had earned the right to do so. I remembered the way he had stared down Billy and his loser friend in Shawbury. Simon had been so calm and cool, and more importantly he never once mentioned the incident again. 
I sighed. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do about the whole Simon thing. Probably nothing, especially since my mother made her opinion very clear to Simon. 
“Looks like I’m back to square one in the summer romance department.”  I told Posy. “Oh well. I still have you.” I gave her a quick pat on the neck. “And you,” I added to the air, just in case Christian was hanging around.
Since Simon had been in such a hurry to get away from me, he had left Posy’s bridle and saddle hanging on the post. I knew that he would return them to the tack room after he had finished exercising Dancer, but I thought I’d help out. I didn’t have much else to do anyway. I slung the bridle over my shoulder and scooped up the saddle to take them back to the tack room.
The tack room was a small room located near the front of the stable building. Anything and everything that went on a horse was stored in it.  It was a dingy and cramped room and smelled of leather, wool and molasses.
I pushed open the door with my hip, not bothering to turn on the overhead light. It was dim, but I could see well enough to find my way among the ropes, buckles, and bridles.
As my eyes adjusted to the gloom, I heard a strange mewling sound. I stopped and listened, my ghost antenna at the alert. Was this another ghostly visitation? Was Christian trying to contact me? I stood very still and slowed my breathing as I tried to figure out where the sound was coming from.
As I stood in the half-gloom listening, a small form leaped out from behind a pile of saddle pads and blankets. I screeched and dropped the saddle I was carrying. 
“’Blimey!” Charlie squeaked. “What did you yell like that for?” 
I glared at him, my heart still thumping in my chest. “Charlie! You shouldn’t jump out at people like that!” I scolded him. 
Charlie stuck out his chin. ‘I wasn’t jumping out!” 
I realized that he was probably right. I was just jittery because I was on high ghost alert.  I had probably scared Charlie as badly as he had scared me. I picked up the saddle and placed it on the saddle rack. 
“So what are you doing in here?” I asked him. 
“It’s a secret surprise.” Charlie looked at me squinting his eyes, trying to decide if I was trustworthy or not. Apparently I passed inspection because he added, “I can show you, but you have to promise you won’t tell.”
I hung Posy’s bridle on its peg. “I promise.” I told him. 
Charlie decided he wasn’t taking any chances. “Cross your heart.” He ordered.
I did. 
Having met all of Charlie’s demands, he took me by the hand and pulled me toward the back of the small room. The strange mewling sound I had heard grew louder.
“Look!” Charlie said, pointing to a crate covered with an old woolen horse blanket. A grey-striped mother cat lay on the blanket curled around a litter of brand new kittens. The five tiny kittens mewled and squirmed as the mother cat licked their damp fur. 
“Oh.” I breathed. 
“They’re just born,” Charlie said proudly. 
I crouched down to see the kittens as the mother cat eyed me warily. They were so incredibly tiny. 
 “You better not touch them. She’ll scratch you.” Charlie warned, gesturing toward the mother cat. 
“Oh. I’m not going to touch them. I just want to get a closer look.” I leaned over, amazed at the writhing mass of small furry bodies. “There eyes aren’t even open yet.” 
Charlie puffed out his chest, happy to once again demonstrate his superior knowledge to me. “That’s the way they’re born. They open their eyes later.” 
The kittens mewled and nuzzled their mother who kept a cautious eye on Charlie and me while tending her babies. 
“Oh Charlie, this is a wonderful surprise.” I told him seriously. “Thank you for showing me.”  
“That’s alright then. So long as you don’t tell anyone,” he answered. 
He pointed to a small window located just below the ceiling. “Can you help me open that window?” 
I glanced up at the window. I wasn’t sure that it was worth the effort to try and open it. “Why do you want to open it?” I asked.
“We need to open it, so she can go in and out.” He explained, gesturing toward the mother cat. 
“Uhm. Okay. But why don’t we just leave the door to the tack room open? Then she can go in and out anytime she wants.”
Charlie sighed in exasperation at my stupidity. “If we leave the door open, Pip might come in and bother her.”
“Oh, I see.” I looked up at the window, again. It was high up on the wall, but I was fairly tall. “Okay, I think I can do it.” I turned over a bucket and stood on it. After a lot of pushing and panting, I managed to pry the window open. 
Charlie nodded his approval, looking like a miniature Simon. “Good job. Now she can take care of her kittens.” He paused to look at me, “You won’t tell will you?” He asked again. 
I smiled at him. “I crossed my heart, didn’t I?” I drew an X over my heart with my finger.
“Right.” 
We took one last look at the five squirming little kittens before exiting the tack room, carefully closing the door behind us. 
I left Charlie standing guard in front of the tack room and walked back to Brynmoor for a shower and lunch.
By the time lunch was served, Sir Richard had also returned, showered and changed. We ate tomato soup and roast beef sandwiches in the dining room. My mother smiled cheerily at Richard and me.
“How did it go?” She asked. 
Richard told her how impressed he was with my progress as an equestrienne. I still wasn’t quite ready to forgive my mother, so I chewed my sandwich sullenly as they chatted. 
Hudson entered the room and advised Sir Richard that he had a phone call. Richard excused himself from the table, leaving my mother and me alone.
“Lily,” my mother turned to me. “Look. I know you are upset with me. But let me explain.” She paused, raising her eyes and looking into the distance as if she was gathering her thoughts. “You know that your father is quite a bit older than I am. I was your age when I met him. He seemed so worldly, so experienced, so sophisticated. I fell in love with him. I thought he had hung the moon and stars just for me,” she paused.  “We were married before I even had time to figure out who I was.”  Her blue eyes looked at me, softening. “I love you. You know that. But having a child so young, getting divorced, being a single mom. Well, it has been a struggle.” She reached toward me and clasped my hand. “I love you so much sweetheart. I want to make sure that you don’t ever have to struggle.” 
I started to tell her again that she was wrong about me, but she interrupted me. “I know you’re not me. I know that you are as smart as you are beautiful. I just want to protect you. I am sorry, if I embarrassed you last night.” 
I sighed, “It’s okay, Mom.” I stood up and went to my mom, giving her hug. “I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
So, we finished our lunch on good terms. Sir Richard returned from his phone call and we discussed their trip to London. My mom agreed that Jenna and I could stay by ourselves at Brynmoor, as long as we set the security alarm. 
This meant that after lunch, Richard gave me a detailed lesson on arming and disarming the security system. After I had demonstrated my ability to set the alarm system to my mother’s satisfaction, they loaded up the car with their luggage. Then, they climbed into Richard’s jaguar and I was on my own. 
The first thing I did after they pulled out the driveway was to walk over to the Fitzgibbon cottage to find Jenna and help her get her stuff together for our sleepover. Jenna was glowing with happiness. She danced and skipped around her bedroom gathering her things, while I sat on her bed.
“Oh, Lily. You will never in a million years guess what happened yesterday!” 
“Uhm. You were abducted by aliens?” 
Jenna giggled. “Better than that! Paul and I went to the cinema!”
“On a date!?!” 
“Yes!!!!” She squealed. “Can you believe it?” She twirled around her bedroom. “Simon was supposed to come, but something happened and he didn’t show up. So it was just Paul and me,” she said breathlessly. 
I felt a big rock hit the pit of my stomach. I knew what had happed to poor Simon. My mother. 
“We saw this film. Then after we went to this café and talked and talked. It was perfect!” Jenna executed another twirling dance step.
I tried to be happy for Jenna, but I think she realized that I wasn’t very enthusiastic. “Uhm. That’s great Jenna.”
“You don’t understand. I have been trying to get Paul to notice me since forever. Finally, Paul realizes that I’m not just Simon’s little sister!” She paused, and looked at me. “At least I think he does.” 
“What do you mean, you think?”
“After the café closed, Paul drove me home and told me he had a really good time. He gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and said goodnight, but then he asked Simon to walk back to his car with him for a chat.” Jenna’s voice wavered. She looked at me, her eyes troubled. “What do you think he wanted to chat about with Simon?”
“Uhm. Maybe they were just making other plans. Or maybe he just wanted to find out why Simon couldn’t make it to the movies. I don’t know. Maybe he was asking if it was okay to ask you out on a date?” I shrugged. “It’s probably no big deal. If you’re worried, you can ask Simon.” I shifted the subject. “So does your mom know about this?”
“My mum?”
“Yeah. Will she think that Paul’s, you know, too old for you?”
Jenna laughed merrily, “My mum loves Paul. He’s one of Simon’s best mates. When they were in school together, he practically lived at our house. She won’t mind.” Jenna handed my silver earrings to me. “Oh, here. I hope you don’t mind, I wore them again last night.” 
“No problem. I guess they brought you good luck again. I mean, if Paul noticed you and everything, maybe you should keep them.” I smiled. Jenna’s happiness was contagious. Who could resist the Fitzgibbon dimples? I handed them back to her.
“Really? You’re the best!” Jenna danced over to me and gave me a big hug. 
After packing up her pajamas, Jenna and I decided that we wanted to have a real sleepover at Brynmoor, which meant we needed junk food and movies. Jenna went to ask her parents if she could borrow the car to drive into Shawbury. 
I had my driver’s license, but my mom refused to let me drive in England, since I wasn’t used to driving on the other side of the road.  I knew it was probably a good thing. I wasn’t really sure I could handle a stick shift with my left hand, but it meant that I had to rely on other people if I wanted a ride anywhere.
“These earrings really are good luck!” Jenna chirped when she returned. She  shook her head making the earrings jiggle.  “I can’t believe it! My parents actually said yes! We can go!” She fondled the silver earrings. “Lily, I may never take these off!” 
We drove to Shawbury to rent some movies and buy our supplies. The movies were pretty easy to pick out, but I was confused by the junk food selection. I didn’t recognize any of brand names, so I let Jenna do the choosing. We bought a selection of chocolates and potato chip snacks with names such as Hula Hoops, Meanies, and Penguins and stashed them in the car. Jenna couldn’t believe that we didn’t have any of these brands in the United States.
“You mean you’ve never heard ‘P-p-p-pick up a Penguin’ on the tele?” She asked, mimicking the television commercial for the chocolate cake. 
“Nope. Though they do look a lot like Ding Dongs or chocolate Twinkies.”
That sent Jenna into peals of laughter. “Ding Dongs? Twinkies!”  She was laughing so hard, she had tears coming out of her eyes. 
Even after loading the car and beginning the drive back to Brynmoor, we were still chatting and laughing about the different meanings of words in British English and American English. We were discussing the difference of the word “bum” in America and England, when a small black sports car raced up from behind almost touching our back bumper.
Jenna tensed. “What does that idiot think he’s doing?” 
I looked over my shoulder. “He must be in a hurry. Can you let him pass?” I asked. 
We were on a two-way road, but Jenna eased over to the left side to allow the sports car to pass. It didn’t. It sped up as if to pass, then if fell back behind us again. My whole body tensed as I waited for the impact, but the black car just missed our bumper by a couple of inches. 
“He thinks he’s playing some stupid game with us,” Jenna said. She was gripping the steering wheel so hard that her knuckles were white.
The black car rode up on our bumper again. It zoomed up to our car and then dropped back, once again, narrowly missing our car’s bumper before dropping behind us.  
Jenna glanced nervously at the rearview mirror, as the small black car nosed up on us yet again. I twisted around in my seat and tried to get a glimpse of the driver of the sports car. 
The driver of the black sports car started honking his horn. Once again, Jenna slowed down and eased over to the left to allow the car to pass. Instead of passing, the sports car driver drew parallel with us and tried to force us off the road. He angled his car at us, forcing Jenna to wrench the steering wheel in order to avoid a collision. 
We swerved onto the gravel lane bordering the pavement. Our tires kicked up loose gravel as we bounced along the side of the road. Trees and shrubbery seemed to blur as Jenna tried to correct her steering and get us back onto the paved road.  I looked up and saw and saw a tree looming in front of us. I screamed and Jenna hit the brakes hard, narrowly missing the tree. We sat in stunned silence as the car rocked to a stop, inches from the tree. 
I was more furious than frightened. I had recognized the driver and passenger of the black sports car. It was Billy Barrington-Smythe and his passenger was the same skin-head guy who had bothered us at the market. This time, I vowed, I was going to make a police report!
“Are you all right?” Jenna asked, after she caught her breath. 
“Yeah. I’m fine. I can’t believe Billy. He could have killed us!”
“Jenna, do you have your cell phone? We have to call the police and report this!” 
“I’ve got my mobile right here.” She fished it out of her purse with shaking hands.
We called the police to make a report. Though we didn’t have the license plate number, we told him that we could identify the driver of the other car. After assuring the police officer that there were no injuries or property damage, he suggested that we return to Shawbury to file a report at the station. 
Jenna didn’t want to drive back to Shawbury, she was really shaken by our near miss. All she all she wanted to do was get home. After talking about it for a few minutes, we decided to follow up with the report later. So Jenna, her face pale, eased the car back onto the road and we carefully made our way back to Brynmoor. 
As we pulled into the gravel drive Jenna said to me, “Lily. I’ve changed my mind. We can’t tell my parents about this.” 
“Jenna. We have to. They’ll figure it out when we go to the police station tomorrow anyway.”
Jenna parked the car and turned off the motor. “It’s just that my parents hardly ever let me drive by myself. I only just earned my license. If I tell them about this, they won’t let me drive anymore.”
“But it wasn’t your fault.” I reasoned. “They couldn’t blame you. You didn’t do anything, except try to avoid wrecking the car.”
Jenna hesitated. “Please Lily. I just don’t want them to know about this.”
“I don’t know, Jenna. This could have been really serious. We could have been killed.”
“Please.” Jenna pleaded.
I sighed. “Okay. If that’s what you want.” 
“Thanks.”
As we got out of the car I thought of something, “Look. I know you don’t want to tell your parents, but we should tell someone. We could go to the police station on our own.” 
“Lily, we’re underage. I’m sure they’d call my Da.”
“Okay. How about we tell someone else? Maybe, Simon?’
 “Tell me what?” A deep voice behind us asked.
Jenna was so startled she dropped our bag of junk food. “Stop creeping up on people like that!” She told Simon angrily. 
Simon gave Jenna and me the once over. “You didn’t bung up the car did you?” 
“No!” Jenna retorted. 
I helped her pick up the bags of potato chips that had fallen on the ground.
“Right. So what is it you two need to tell me?”  Simon stood in front of us, his feet firmly planted, hands on his hips. He wasn’t going to budge until he found out what was going on.
Jenna pursed her lips together. 
Simon turned toward me. “Well?”
I gave Jenna an apologetic look. “It was Billy. He ran us off the road on the way back from Shawbury,” I told him.
“That bloody sod!” Simon said angrily. “He’s finally gone too far!” Simon turned to Jenna, “Tell me what happened!”
We told Simon everything. Simon was furious. He was angry that Billy had been so reckless, but he was also angry that we didn’t file a police report. “You’ve got to tell Da.” He told Jenna. “If you don’t, I will. Billy has got to be stopped before someone gets hurt or worse.” 
The next couple of hours were miserable. Jenna’s father called the police and made them come out to the cottage to take our report. By the time the police left, Jenna and I were exhausted. Mrs. Fitzgibbon insisted that we stay the night in the cottage, telling us that we could have our sleepover at Brynmoor tomorrow, after things “settled.”  I didn’t much feel like watching movies anyway. 
After the police left, Mr. Fitzgibbon set up an air mattress for me in Jenna’s room. Amazingly, Jenna fell asleep. I could hear her deep breathing begin almost as soon as her head hit the pillow. But, it took awhile for my thoughts to “settle.” I stared at the ceiling for a long time as images and questions flittered around my mind. 
I must have eventually drifted off to sleep, because I awoke from a nightmare. 

My dream blurred at edges of my mind shifting into blackness.  Smoke! I couldn’t breathe. The air was filled with black noxious smoke. I couldn’t see. It was so hot, my skin felt as if it were on fire! I had to get out! 


Chapter 19

I sat up gasping for air. For a moment, I didn’t remember where I was. As my panic subsided, I realized that I could breathe. I took a couple of deep breaths to assure myself. Was that smoke I smelled?  I shook my head to clear it. It was probably my mind playing tricks on me. The lingering images of my nightmare still seemed all too real. 
I lay back on the air mattress and tried to recall the details of my dream. Someone was with me before the fire. Christian? I couldn’t be sure. The memories from my dream danced around the edges of my mind. I knew it was important for me to remember this dream. I was sure that it held the key to my search for Lily, but the terror of the fire and smoke had chased away all of the dream’s details. I simply couldn’t remember. 
I tried to relax by using a deep breathing technique.  I knew if I tried to force the memories I would be fighting myself, keeping the memories from surfacing. It was better just to relax and let them come. 
I took another deep breath. Smoke. I definitely smelled smoke. I got up quietly from the air mattress and crept over to Jenna’s bedroom window. A pale moon cast its glow over the shadowy landscape. I let my eyes rove over the grounds, looking for the cause of the smoke.
The frightened neighing of horses drew my attention to the stable. Something was wrong. I could see clouds of smoke billowing out of the building, pale gray against the dark sky. 
“Fire!” I yelled. “The stable is on fire!” 
Jenna leaped out of bed. 
I yelled again. “Fire!”
Sleepy-eyed and disheveled the Fitzgibbons rushed into Jenna’s room. 
“What the devil is going on?” Mr. Fitzgibbon roared.
“Fire!” I pointed out the window toward the stables.
“Call 999!” Mr. Fitzgibbon shouted as he ran out of the room. 
“The horses. We have to save the horses!” Simon’s voice shouted.
 I heard the front door slam and Simon and Mr. Fitzgibbon yelling directions to each other as they raced across the lawn toward the stable. 
Mrs. Fitzgibbon grabbed her phone and frantically started punching in numbers.
Jenna and I ran out of the cottage toward the stable. The horses were kicking and banging around their stalls, neighing in panic. 
“You girls stay back!” Mr. Fitzgibbon ordered. 
He and Simon doused themselves with water and covered their heads with wet cloths before running into the stable. 
Jenna and I stood watching the burning building, numb with shock and fear. 
After several long tense minutes, Simon ran out leading a panicked Sirocco his eyes rolling so that only the whites were visible. He reared back on his hind legs, almost lifting Simon off the ground as he pawed the air. Simon let go of the rope as soon as the horse was free of the building and the stallion raced off into the night. 
Simon turned to go back into the burning building just as Mr. Fitzgibbon appeared, leading Dancer out of danger.
“One more.” I said. Poor Posy. I could hear the frantic neighing of Posy as she threw herself at the walls of her stall, desperately trying to escape. It was almost too much to bear. I turned away, trying not to weep.
After what seemed like forever, Posy raced out of the burning building, snorting, hoofs and legs flailing in terror. She barreled off into the night away from the fire and the stable. 
Mr. Fitzgibbon shook his head. “Ah lad, the horses are safe. We have that at least. Not much more we can do.” 
“Should we go find the horses?” I asked.
“They won’t go far.” Mr. Fitzgibbon answered. “We’ll be able to track them down tomorrow.” 
Simon started forward toward the stable. 
Mr. Fitzgibbon placed his hand Simon’s shoulder. “No, Son. I’ll not have you risk it. There’s nothing in there that can’t be replaced.”
Simon nodded. We stood silently, huddled together in the dark. The flames had become more intense, lighting up the dark sky with their terrible glow. 
Mrs. Fitzgibbon hurried over to us. She was out of breath and looked in horror at the burning stable. “I’ve called the Fire Brigade. They’re on their way.” She turned and looked around. “Where’s Charlie?” She asked alarmed. 
“He’s not with you?” Mr. Fitzgibbon looked alarmed.
“No, he ran out of the house with the lot of you.” She answered, worry making her voice shrill.  She looked at the burning building. “I thought he was with you.”
“Charlie!” Everyone started shouting his name at once. 
“We’ll find him.” Mr. Fitzgibbon said grimly. “He’s probably found himself a better place to watch the fire. Everyone start looking for Charlie!” 
We spread out and began calling Charlie’s name.
Where could Charlie have disappeared to? Suddenly I had a horrific thought. I looked at the stable building. “Oh, no.” I thought to myself. “The kittens!” All I could think of was Charlie trapped in the tack room. I reacted before I realized what I was doing, sprinting full speed toward the stable. 
Rushing into the barn, I fought my way through the heat and smoke until I reached the small room. I wrenched open the door, burning my hand on the super-heated metal.
“Charlie!’ I yelled, coughing as the thick black smoke filled my lungs. I pushed past the saddles and ropes to the back of the room. I found Charlie crouching in a corner next to the litter of kittens.  He was paralyzed with fear. He stared at me, his eyes large and frightened. 
“Charlie,” I said, trying to be calm. “We have to get out of here. We have to go now!” 
Charlie didn’t seem to see or hear me. He sheltered a small kitten in the crook of his arm.
I grabbed Charlie’s hand and pulled him toward the front of the tack room. The smoke and flames were too intense. I realized that we would have to find another way out.
I spoke calmly, pushing Charlie towards the back of the room. “Charlie, we can’t go out the front door. So, I’m going to boost you through the window. 
Charlie looked at me, uncomprehending.
“The little window, Charlie.” I held out my hand. “Just like the mother cat. Charlie, you need to go through the window.  Come on, Charlie. You can be just like the mother cat. You need to take this kitten out the window. Can you do that Charlie?’ 
Charlie nodded his head.
“Good. Give me your hand.” 
The smoke was making it hard to breathe. I stood on the same bucket that I had used before and hoisted Charlie to his feet. He was heavier than I thought. “Come on, Charlie. You have to help me!’ I said urgently. “Grab the ledge of the window.” 
Charlie obediently did as he was told. 
“When I count to three, I’m going to push and you pull yourself through the window, okay?” 
He nodded.
I counted, “One…Two…Three..” I pushed with all my might and Charlie scrambled through the window. I heard a loud thump as he dropped to the ground on the other side of the wall. 
“Are you okay?’ I yelled to him.
“The kitten! I forgot the kitten!”  He cried.
“I’ll bring the kitten,” I told him.” You need to run far away from the fire, Charlie. Go now!” 
I heard the sound of Charlie’s feet fading as he raced away from the burning building. I sized up the window. It was pretty small. I wasn’t sure that I could fit through it, but I didn’t have a lot of other options. The thick smoke was pouring into the tack room, obscuring my vision as well as making it almost impossible to breathe. Belatedly I realized I should have shut the door, but it was too late now. I fastened my fingers around the window ledge and balancing precariously on the overturned bucket, I jumped and tried to lever myself up to the window. My fingers clawed at the edge of the window sill as I tried to pull myself up. I couldn’t do it! Sweat poured down my face and back. I was running out of time. The muscles in my arms and shoulders were screaming with pain, I couldn’t hold on much longer. 

I quietly entered the darkened stable. I held the candle in front of me, making my way to the far end of the building. I entered the tack room to find the saddle and bridle I would need for my night ride. My hands were trembling with anticipation and nervousness. In my haste, I almost dropped the candle as I made my way to Starlight’s stall. I was so intent on what I was doing I didn’t hear him enter the stable. 
“My, what a delightful surprise,” he said mildly. “I wonder what brings you to the stable at this late hour?”
Startled, I gave a little squeak. My heart was beating fearfully. “Edward! You should have announced yourself. You gave me quite a fright!” 
“Really?” He said his voice half-taunting. He looked at my riding habit, then the saddle and bridle I carried. “Going on a midnight ride? Unaccompanied?” He asked. “I’m not sure your aunt would approve.” 
“I…I  couldn’t sleep. I wanted to…I thought a little exercise would help.”
“What a lovely idea. I’d be happy to accompany you,” Edward offered. 
“No!” I said too forcefully. 
Edward raised his eyebrows. “No? Perhaps you are not riding alone after all?” 
“No.” I amended. “I meant that it is not necessary for you to trouble yourself.”  
“Oh, but it would not be any trouble at all.” He smiled, but his smile did not reach his eyes. 
“That is most kind of you, Edward. However, I think I’ve changed my mind. I don’t think I’ll go for a ride after all.” 
“Really?” Edward reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper. 
I recognized the letter, the letter I had received from Christian urging me to take shelter with the vicar until he could arrive. “You have no right! That is my private property!” I told him angrily. I reached for the letter, but he snatched it away. 
“You understand that I cannot allow you to marry Christian. Your aunt is in complete agreement with me on this matter.” His voice was calm, but with an edge of steel. “It is nothing personal, Lily. It is more of a business arrangement.  I have somewhat overextended myself and I find that I am in need your money. You will marry me. Your aunt will provide us with a substantial dowry and Christian will marry the woman she chooses for him.” He smiled a terrible smile. “It has all been arranged.”
“No!” 
“Lily, I do not wish to harm you, but I cannot allow you to leave Brynmoor with anyone other than myself.”
“You wouldn’t dare!” I said. 
I tried to push past him, but he grabbed my hand. 
“No!” I yelled. In my desperation I wrenched my arm free, upsetting the candle in the process. It fell on some hay and began to smolder.
Edward grabbed at me, I tried to run but slipped and fell, hitting my head hard on the stone floor. Everything went black. 
I heard a soft voice whispering for me to wake up. Christian’s face floated behind my closed eyes. The voice became louder and more insistent. 
“Wake up!” He urged. “Lily! You must wake up!” 
I had to get out of the stable! Christian was waiting for me! 

I fought my way to consciousness. Only it wasn’t Christian who was bending over me in the smoke, it was Simon. He dragged me to my feet. I was dizzy. I couldn’t breathe. There was so much smoke, I couldn’t see. I tried to stand, but my knees buckled under me. I didn’t seem to have much control over my body. Simon grabbed me roughly and threw me over his shoulders. I was too weak to protest. I held on tightly, coughing and fighting waves of nausea as he began to run through the smoke and flames toward the stable door. 


Chapter 20

The rest of the night was a confusion of sirens, flashing lights, men rushing about shouting orders, and people peering anxiously at me. I was given an oxygen mask and forced to ride in an ambulance to the hospital. Once there, they whisked me into an examining room to be checked by a doctor. 
After I had been poked, prodded and pinched, the doctor told me that I would have to stay overnight for observation.
“Can’t I just go home?” I asked. 
His dark eyes were kind, but serious. “You have inhaled quite a bit of smoke as well as suffering from a mild concussion. I am sorry, but you will need to stay overnight. Your parents may take you home tomorrow.” He patted me on the arm, “I’ll have the nurse find you a nice room.”
A smiling nurse came and led me to a private room, gave me a hospital gown and waited until I was safely in bed before leaving.  I sat in the sterile room feeling a little sorry for myself. My head ached, my lungs ached and I just wanted to go home. Two tears trickled down my face, I impatiently brushed them away. 
 “Hullo.” Simon poked his head through the door to my hospital room. 
“Simon! How did you find me?” He wrinkled his nose. “You smell a bit like an ashtray. I followed my nose,” He answered as he walked into the room. 
Both of Simon’s arms were bandaged in white gauze. His face was red and blistered.
“Oh, no! What happened to you?” 
“Oh. I got a bit singed in the fire.” He held up his bandaged arms. “It’s not so bad really, mostly first and second degree burns.” 
“I’m so sorry, Simon.” I felt horrible. I owed him so much.  
“Oh, nothing to be sorry about. I’ll just tell everyone I was on holiday in the Bahamas and fell asleep on the beach. Too much sunbathing.” He gave me another view of those devastating dimples.
“I would have died if you hadn’t carried me out of the stable. You saved my life.” I told him, my voice quavering. To my horror, I felt tears well up in my eyes again.
“Right.” He smiled at me. “Well, you took about five years off of mine.” 
I gave him a weak smile. “I’m serious.”
“So am I.” He looked into my eyes.  Taking his bandaged hand, he softly traced a finger along my cheek, gently brushing away a tear.
Simon pulled a chair up next to my bed. His brown eyes looked at me searchingly. “So, we can call it an even trade. I saved your life and you saved Charlie.” 
I had almost forgotten about Charlie and his kittens. “Is that how you knew where to find me?” I asked quietly. 
He nodded. “Charlie came tearing around the back of the building. At first, I couldn’t understand what he was saying. My mum was crying and trying to hug him and he kept saying that you were with the kittens. When I finally realized what he was trying to say, I…”  He paused and looked at me again. “I was terrified that I would be too late.”
I reached for one of his gauze wrapped hands and held it in mine. “Thank you.”  
Just then, my mother burst into the room, followed by Richard. Her face was pale with worry. “Oh my God! Lily! You’re alright!” Simon quickly stood and moved out of the way, so that my mother could see me. She rushed over and grabbed me in a fierce hug. “I was so worried!” She said with a sob caught in her throat. 
“It’s okay Mom. I’m fine.” I told her. 
Simon offered her the chair and she sat by the bed. She reached over and smoothed my hair. “Oh, Lily,” she whispered, tears filling her eyes. 
Mom. I’m okay, really.”  I reassured her. 
My mother’s blue silk evening gown and Richard’s tuxedo looked ridiculously out of place in the sterile hospital setting. It was almost funny. 
“I guess you had to leave the party early. You probably didn’t even get a chance to bring me any dessert.”
My mother managed a weak smile at my lame attempt to make a joke. “Lily, the doctor wants to keep you here for the night. I guess you know that. Richard is going to speak with the doctor to see if I can stay with you.” 
I nodded. “It’s okay, Mom. You don’t need to stay. You should go home. I’m okay really. I just want to sleep and get rid of this headache.”
My mother looked at me anxiously, “Do you need something for the pain?” She asked. “I’ll get the doctor.”
“No, Mom. I’m fine. I just need to rest.”  I leaned back on the pillows gingerly. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Simon slip out of the room. Sir Richard followed him into the hallway.  
“Sweetheart, why don’t you close your eyes? I’ll sit with you until you fall asleep.”  My mom gently cradled my hand, softly humming the lullaby she used to sing to me when I was a baby. 
I closed my eyes.   
 
I stood in the middle of High Street. The light of the full moon illuminated the  cobblestones, shiny and slick with moisture. Mist curled around the small cottages and shrubbery. I shivered in the cold night air. Wrapping my arms around me I realized that I was wearing only a thin hospital gown. 
What was I doing here? My answer came with the sound of hoof beats echoing against the cobblestones. A large dark horse and his rider appeared, shrouded in mist. They galloped toward me. I stood silent and shivering, waiting. I knew the rider. 
Christian stopped his horse abruptly in front of me. He sat erect in the saddle, but sadness radiated from his eyes in dark waves of pain and longing. “Please bring her to me,” his voice was low and hoarse. “I need her with me.” 
He bent down, brushing my hair gently and kissing me lightly on my forehead. “Please.” He whispered. Then the horse and rider wheeled around and raced back into the misty night. I was left alone on the cold dark empty street. 

The morning sun cast a rosy glow about my hospital room. Sunlight spilled across the linoleum floor and filled every corner. I felt surprisingly good. My head was still a little sore where I hit it, but my headache was gone. More importantly, I was alive. 
My mother arrived at the same time that my breakfast tray did. She carried a dozen large pink roses in her arms. 
“Mom! I’m leaving today. You didn’t need to bring me flowers.”
“Oh, they’re not from me. Mr. Fitzgibbon sent them. I told him the same thing.” She sounded cheery, though her eyes showed signs of strain and worry. “Everyone is very concerned about you.” She fussed with the flowers, placing them in the vase that the nurse had brought while I surveyed my breakfast of oatmeal and canned peaches. 
“So when do I get to go home?” I asked her, poking at my oatmeal without much appetite. 
“Very soon.” She looked up, trying to mask the concern in her eyes. “Richard is doing the paperwork right now.” She paused, “Sweetheart, the police need to speak to you this morning, before we leave.”
“The police!?! Why do they want to talk to me?”
“Well, the Fire Chief seems to believe that the fire was deliberately set. They want to ask you a few questions about what you saw last night.” 
“You mean someone burned the stable on purpose?”
My mother nodded.
I picked at my canned peaches pushing them around the plate while I sat with my mother. There was a light knocking on the door and a doctor accompanied by a two police officers entered the room. 
The doctor this morning was a woman. She carried my chart and took a few moments to read through it. “Looks like you had quite a night, last night. How are you doing this morning? Has the headache gone?” 
I nodded.
“Good.  Your tests are looking good also. No double vision? No headache? No confusion?” 
I shook my head to each of her questions. 
She smiled brightly at me. “Well, then I’ll just finish the paperwork and we’ll get you home. Though before you go, these two gentlemen need to ask you a few questions.” 
The doctor looked questioningly at my mom, who nodded her head. “Right. We should have you out of here in less than an hour then.” 
The doctor left, but the two police officers stayed. They were nice enough. They must have interviewed the Fitzgibbons earlier because they already knew that I was the first one to notice the fire. They asked if I had seen anyone or heard anything suspicious before the fire. They also asked a lot of questions about Billy. One of them took notes while I answered the questions.  
“What’s going on?” I asked my mother, after the police left. “Do they think Billy set the fire?”
“It looks like it, though we’re not sure.” She answered. “He was brought into the hospital sometime after you. There was a terrible accident. I guess he had been drinking and hit a tree.”  My mother shook her head sadly. “Such a terrible tragedy. Billy’s in critical condition, unable to answer questions at the moment.”
I flashed back to Billy racing his black sports car and forcing us off the road. “Why do they think he set the fire?” 
“They found kerosene in his car. It was the same accelerant that was used to start the fire at Brynmoor.”
“But why would he want to burn the stable?” 
“I don’t know, sweetheart.” She patted my hand. “I think he is a very troubled young man.”
I closed my eyes and remembered my confrontation with Billy at the stable. It was almost as if history had tried to repeat itself. I thought back to my dream the night of the fire. Lily trapped in the stable and the candle smoldering in the hay. I knew that Edward had run away, leaving her to die in the fire. I shuddered, remembering the searing heat on my skin and in my lungs. Both Lily and I had experienced the same horrible nightmare. 
Christian had tried to save Lily. I thought about the look on his face as he had raced through the village, almost running over Simon and myself, but he had arrived too late. Lily had died in the fire and that the same thing would have happened to me, if Simon hadn’t been there. I shuddered involuntarily.
I knew that I couldn’t leave Lily to lie alone in her grave. I now understood what I needed to do to help Christian. I was going to reunite Christian with his true love, just as he has asked. It would mean that I would have to explain everything to Sir Richard, but I was confident that he would help me. 
Finally after about a million years, all the paperwork was signed and dated and I was able to check out of the hospital and drive back to Brynmoor.  
Hudson stood erect at the front door. “On behalf of myself and the staff, may I say how pleased we are to see you in good health.” He bowed slightly in my direction. 
I smiled. “Yes, you may Hudson. Thank you.”
Mrs. Fitzgibbon rushed to my side and broke down crying. She gave me a big hug and thanked me over and over again for saving Charlie. 
Mr. Fitzgibbon stood quietly and held out his hand to me saying, “We can never thank you enough.” His eyes were filled with unshed tears.  
Jenna gave me a huge bear hug. “I’m so glad you’re all right.” 
Charlie stood shifting his weight from side to side. I bent down to hug Charlie. “Thank you for telling Simon how to find me.” His face lit up with a wide smile. 
I looked around. “Where is Simon?”  
“He’s at the stable. He’s taking the loss pretty hard.” Mr. Fitzgibbon answered. “Though, I’m sure he’d welcome a friend with a kind word or two.”
I looked at my mother, who nodded her approval. 
I found Simon leaning against the paddock fence watching the horses in the pasture. He wore his usual old t-shirt, faded blue jeans and work boots. A breeze tousled his hair and the sunlight slid through it highlighting the gold strands among the red. 
I watched him for a minute, before joining him. His face looked a little better today, though his arms were still swathed in bandages. I walked over to the paddock fence, resting my arms on the top rail. We watched the horses quietly. 
 “Richard’s going back to London tonight, but he said the tractors and bulldozers will be here tomorrow to clean up the mess from the fire.”  
“Yes. I know. My Da and I will be supervising the crew.”  
Sadness lingered in his eyes as he watched the horses grazing. Neither of us turned to look at the charred wood and stone that was all that remained of the stable building.  
“Simon.” I said, grabbing his arm. 
He winced. 
“Oh. I’m sorry, I forgot. Are you okay?” 
He flexed his gauze-wrapped arm. “Still a bit tender.” He said, smiling briefly. 
I tried again, this time without grabbing his arm. “Simon, I need you to do me a favor.” 
“What is it?” He asked, his brown eyes curious. 
I took a deep breath. “Well, before I tell you, you have to promise to not think that I’m crazy or still suffering from the affects of my concussion. Okay?”
“You’re not going to start talking about ghosts again, are you?’  He gave me a brief glimpse of the Fitzgibbon dimples. 
“Yeah, I am. But you don’t have to do anything except help me get a bulldozer over to the old stables.”  
He looked at me strangely. “You know you called me Christian when I found you last night.”
I sighed. “Yeah. I know. It’s a long story. I’ll tell you, if you want.” 
“Well. I don’t have much else to do today. So, I guess I’m all yours.” 
I told Simon everything. I explained that Lily and Christian were planning to get married, but that his mother and Edward had other plans. I told him how I saw Edward follow Lily into the old stable and how the candle caused the fire that burned down the old stable. My words tumbled one after the other as I tried to convince Simon that my ghosts were real.
“You see, Lily was in the fire. It was the same as last night, only Lily didn’t get out in time. Christian was racing back on his horse, that’s who we saw in the village that night, but he wasn’t able to rescue her and now it’s up to me to reunite them.” 
Simon listened sympathetically, though I wasn’t sure he really believed me. If he didn’t think I was a lunatic before, he certainly did now.
“Simon, I know it sounds a little crazy, but all I’m asking you to do is send one of the bulldozers over to the old stable. We can check to see if Lily is buried under there. It won’t cost anything but a little time. I know she’s there! All I want to do is give her a proper burial. She deserves that.”
“This is very important to you?” He asked.
“Yes. It is. Please, Simon?” 
Simon turned his head and looked out across the pasture. “I’ll check with Sir Richard first. If he says we can do it, then we’ll get it done.”
I gave Simon a fierce hug, causing him to grimace in pain as I squeezed his bandaged arms. “Oh, sorry. I keep forgetting.”
Simon laughed. “It’s a good thing I’m a fast healer. Why don’t we find Sir Richard and see what he says.” 
Richard was intrigued with the idea that Lily could have died during the fire. “As I recall, the fire happened around the same time that Christian Hulse died. There is quite a bit of superstition linked to his death. “I’m sure you’ve been told about the portrait in the blue drawing room.” He looked at me expectantly. 
“Yes. Mrs. Fitzgibbon told me.”
“Well, I don’t see why not.” He looked out toward the fields. “Why don’t we see if we can start this project today. I believe the tractor would be sufficient for clearing the brambles. Don’t you Simon?” 
Richard, my mom, Jenna, Simon and I stood expectantly on the side, watching as Mr. Fitzgibbon maneuvered the small tractor to strip away the blackberry vines covering the ruins of the old stable. When he was done a mound of dirt, rotted wood, charred stone and brick lay exposed. 
“Well, that’s the best I can do for you, lassie. If I dig anymore I might damage what you’re looking for. You’ll best do the rest by hand. Simon can bring the shovels, if ye like.” 
“Yes. That’d be great.”  I turned to face the old stable and closed my eyes, waiting for Lily to call out to me. 

The stable roof had fallen in such a way as to create a small tomb for her body. I had expected to see bones badly burned and blackened from the fire, but she had been buried beneath a layer of ash. Her skeleton had been very well preserved. 
“Well, we’ve found someone.” Sir Richard said somberly, as we stood around looking over the grave.
“Not just someone,” I told him. “Lily.” I pointed to the small gold locked that lay glittering among her bones. 
Sir Richard carefully brushed aside dirt and ash to lift the necklace. The elegant scroll of the letters AV were clearly visible. Adelina Valenciana. 

We held her funeral at St. John’s-in-the-Field Church. It was a small gathering, Richard, my mother, the Fitzgibbons and me. We made a strange procession through the old churchyard cemetery on a day that was better suited for celebrations than funerals. It was a perfect summer day. A cheery sun shone brightly in a cloudless blue sky. Birds flitted about the lush green shrubbery and trees, chirping happily to one another. Even the old grave markers in the cemetery seemed to be celebrating as they sat tilted to one side or the other like drunken sailors at a party.  
I couldn’t keep from smiling, in spite of the Vicar’s bemused expression. Christian and Lily were finally going to be together and the world was celebrating.


Epilogue

After the burial, Christian stopped haunting my dreams. I spent another two weeks at Brynmoor, then three weeks touring Europe with my mother. Then I returned to Los Angeles where I settled down to finish my senior year at high school. 
When my mom and I returned to Brynmoor over winter break, I asked Simon to drive me to the churchyard. I wanted to visit Lily and Christian one last time.  We walked quietly on the gravel path past moss-webbed headstones toward the small rise where Lily and Christian were buried. A weak sun glimmered behind the soft gray veil of winter clouds. 
As we walked along the path, we breathed small puffs of mist into the cold, crisp air. The lush vibrant colors of summer had disappeared and the shrubs, flowers and grass lie brown and dormant. 
“Looks a little bleak in the winter, doesn’t it?” Simon commented. 
I nodded.  I carried two bouquets of Mr. Fitzgibbon’s hothouse flowers with me. “Your dad’s flowers should make things a little more cheery.” 
Lily and Christian’s new headstones stood out among the old worn grave markers.
 
Adelina Lucia Calderόn Valenciana Hulse
1833-1851
May She Sleep In Peace, Embraced in Love

I lay one of the bouquets in front of the smooth polished marble bearing her name.  I lay the second bouquet next to Christian’s new headstone. 

Christian William Hulse, Marquis of Yarlbury
1829-1851
Love Will Find its way across the Gulf of Death

“Do you think they’re at peace, at last?” I asked Simon. 
He stood quietly contemplating the two graves.  “Yes, I do. Look.” 
He pointed to a patch of earth between the two graves. In spite of the cold wind and winter chill, a small green plant had pushed its way up and, against all odds, was beginning to bud. 
“What is it?” I asked.
Simon smiled and reached for my hand, “Lily-of-the Valley.”
“Return of Happiness.” I said.  I tilted my head back and looked into Simon’s eyes. 
“Yes.” He answered, bending down to let his soft lips linger on mine.

###
