












What good are these memories? They must be forgotten. They must.














Contents
Part 1	5
1. Sempre e un Giorno (Summer, 1997) 	5
2. Journal Entry (Summer, 2012) 	9
3. Loren Larsen (Summer, 1998)	12
4. Jonsen Palmer (Fall, 1998) 	15
5. Jonsen and the Ladies (Winter, 1998)	17
6. Duncan Anderson (Fall, 1999)	23
7. Pacey Baker (Summer, 2001)	26
8. First Day of Middle School (Fall, 2001)	29
9. The Bottom (Fall, 2001)                	41
10. Rumors 	42
Part 2.	45
11. Brandon Ledoux (Winter, 2001) 	45
12. The Nug (Winter, 2001)	50
13. Nora (Winter, 2001)	55
14. Sarah Faith Hall (Spring, 2002)	58
15. Crack Shack (Summer, 2002)	64
16. Waiting (Summer, 2002)	70
17. Jordan Gillete’s Party	74
18. Soiree at Benny Reed’s (Summer, 2003) 	79
19. High School (Fall, 2003)	90
21. Avi Miller 	102
 22. Oakley Carter (Fall, 2004)	103
Part 3. 	111
23. Mike (Fall, 2004) 	111
24. The Trip (Summer, 2005)	129
25. Science Class with Oakley (Fall, 2005)	143
26. The Top (Fall, 2005)	150
27. Robby Blue (Fall 2005)	162
28. Journal Entry (Spring, 2011)	176
29. Horse Dewormer	180
30. Rehab (Spring, 2006)	181
31. No Worries (Spring 2006)	186
32. Casey Something (Summer, 2006)	191
Part 4.	197
33. We Cannot Hold (Summer, 2006)	197
34. The Deep-Down Freudian Reason I Will Never be Able to Enjoy Doing Drugs Again	201
35. The Party (Winter 2006)	203
36. Last meaningful night with Oakley (Spring, 2007)	220
37. Downfall 	225
38. Larry Swoosh (Winter, 2009)	226
Part 5. 	234
39. Um, like, you know. (Spring, 2010)	234
40. The Wait-to-do-drugs Speech 	239
41. Negative Thoughts.	246
42. Positive Thoughts	253
43. Ladies Man (Summer 2012)	261
44. Mia Illy (Spring, 2013)	269
45. It’s Art, Get Off Me	279
46. “Driftwood Annie,” published by Puget Soundings magazine in May 1969. Junior League of Seattle Creative Writing Contest, First Prize. Author, Barbara Caldirola. Age 18. 	280





















Part 1

1. Sempre e un Giorno (Summer, 1997) 
     Sitting at my cousin’s big kitchen table, dunking whale-sized cookies into my big cup of coffee and milk—I was content for the moment. The trip to Italy had not been smooth. Tantrum after tantrum greeted the news that I’d be saying goodbye to my friends for half the summer. I wouldn’t be back until school began and who knew if we’d be in the same 3rd grade class? I felt mollified only after we arrived in this warm place and my relatives began to spoil me.
     Mom was in the kitchen too, talking in Italian with Cousin Elena. I had no idea what they were saying. The sunlight pouring in from the windows was forcing me to squint. There was no T.V. or computer and not much to look at besides the cracking, orange pastel walls. They were so different from the plain white walls back in Seattle. 
     I hopped down from the big stool and headed over to them. I grabbed my mom’s hanging hand and gave it a good tug as I leaned back. “Mom translate for me,” I whined. 
     She left her hand dangling in my grasp but didn’t acknowledge me. It struck me that they must be talking about something important. Elena reminded me of Strega Nona, the old wise Italian woman from my favorite picture book, because she was always wearing an apron and cooking. 
     Not wanting to interrupt again, I tried to listen very patiently, steering my eyes back and forth as they took turns speaking. 
     From my mom I’d learned to look people in the eye and nod at the right time so it looked like I was genuinely fascinated with them. She’d also given me my dark brown hair, my relative happiness with my symmetrical face, olive skin and the imperceptible tilt in my nose that you’d recognize if you saw me every day.  
     Another visitor had come that morning, an old man. He was standing quietly next to Elena, hunched over with a grotesque crook in his back. Sweat kept a few of the hairs from his comb over stuck to the top of his head while the rest peeled off and lay askew. Long grey hairs climbed down from his nose, entwining with his untidy beard. I didn’t like looking at him, I just pretended he wasn’t there. 
     When my mom spoke in Italian her voice climbed two octaves and both her arms shot into the air. But she was nothing compared to Elena, Elena’s voice got going so fast and her hands became so animated, you couldn’t help but get caught up in the excitement. But their gibberish could only occupy me for a moment, my perfect child act started to wane. Slowly, I reached around my mom’s waist and then stacked both my feet on top of her shoe. This was my favorite balancing act–I liked standing completely off the ground on my mom.
     “Stop it, Marcolino,” she scolded while shrugging me off.  
     “Translate for me please, mom.” I begged again. 
     “Alright, honey.”
     She held a finger up to Elena. “This is Elena’s father, Gabriele,” she pointed to the gross man.
     Only his eyes acknowledged me, standing next to Elena he was an ice cube. He must be so grumpy because he’s so old and ugly, I pondered. My dad always said, “Getting old is not for sissies, Marco.” 
     “Elena is retelling Gabriele and Olimpia’s famous love story, Marcolino,” mom told me. She said something in Italian, and Elena started once more. But right as she began rolling again, my mom waved her hand, and Elena reluctantly screeched to a halt. 
     “Sixty years ago in Altzono, the town your cousins are from. Back then, everyone in the village made their living raising cattle.” When my mom translated Italian into English she always added an Italian accent in the hope that it would help me learn the language. 
     Elena began again, and my mom let her go for a while until just when I thought my mom had forgotten about me, she stopped Elena again. “All the big families owned plots of land where the cattle would graze. And you’ll think this is funny, Marco, they had a saying in Altzono, ‘You don’t touch another family’s women or their cows.’” I was suspicious of my mom’s translating because her summaries were much shorter than the time Elena spent speaking. But the story continued on in this fashion, going, stopping, summarizing.
     “Olimpia was the most popular girl in all of Altzono. People would always say Olimpia was bigger than life, big in personality, big in heart, just plain big. And every afternoon she would go out to the fields and sing to all the workers. She sang like an angel, still the most beautiful voice Gabriele has ever heard.” 
     Spitting saliva, the old man said something to Elena and my mom as if they’d forgotten something important.
     “You have to understand…working in the fields was very hard, Marco, and every day Gabriele had only Olimpia’s singing to look forward to. He would weep in the fields listening to the wind carry her voice to him. 
     “Gabriele loved Olimpia, but she didn’t pay him much attention. He was shy, quiet, and small–the exact opposite of Olimpia. But Gabriele tirelessly courted her for six years as the other suitors came and went.” A big smile that I didn’t think he had in him spread across the ancient man’s face. 
     “Every month he would come and leave flowers at her door. Isn’t that beautiful, Marcolino?
     “Eventually Gabriele saved up enough money to buy his own plot of land and was finally able to convince Olimpia to marry him. They were happily married until the day she died. She would ask him, ‘Do you love me, Gabriele?’ and he’d always reply ‘sempre e un giorno.’ That means, I will love you for forever and a day.” The grin was stuck on Gabriele’s face. The genuine look of longing on the old man struck me. I had a gift for picking up on these sort of things. Olimpia must’ve been something, I wondered. 
     Gabrielle muttered something else, and my mom translated, “Now she’s waiting for him in heaven.
     “Alright, Marco,” Mom began after everyone had taken a moment to pause and reflect. “Run along and find your brother while I talk some more with your cousins.”
     My older brother was in their room reading so I headed out to the garden. Navigating through the cornstalk tunnels, picking cherry tomatoes, chasing the chickens—I’d spend hours out there, lost in imagination land. Each afternoon I’d become a handsome prince, the best fighter ever born, but more interested in pinching maidens’ bottoms than battling orcs and stormtroopers. Or a general in Sparticus’ army, or the union, winning battles that would be remembered in the history books for forever. Listening to my dad and older brother argue about history, I’d picked up enough to convince everyone my age I was really smart. Even a 4th grader who invented her own math theorem and went on the tonight show, Koleka Furlott, told me it scared her how smart I was.
     That morning, I strolled around the garden deep in my dreams. The love of my life, the one that would wait for me in heaven, was somewhere on earth. If that disgusting hunchback could have won over Olimpia, I could marry anyone. Probably an actress or a rock star. I was going to be ten thousand times better than that gross old man. I was going to be more popular than Olimpia ever dreamed. 

2. Journal Entry (Summer, 2012) 
     Only one name from my teens means anything to me anymore. Oakley Carter. The most beautiful name that has ever been given to anything. It’s been with me every single day since I first really learned it, ruminating in my thoughts. The last great name left from my youth–and trust me, there were legends. Oakley beat all of us. She grew up to be the most popular person I’ve ever been friends with, acquaintances with, ever touched. Put me in a room with any other girl in the entire world, even famous girls, even Scarlett Johansson, and I would not be filled with as much anxiety and excitement as if I saw Oakley again. In literature it’s called an “enchanted object.” I’ve heard some cool sorority girls call it their “unicorn” before.
     But she’s far out of reach now, about as far gone as someone can be while still leaving behind a sliver of hope. And there is a sliver. Oakley Carter–the girl whose picture alone makes me cringe–she once had a crush on me. We were friends for a long time, but for a while she was crushin’. Fact.
     Oakley’s Facebook wall is private now. You can’t see it if anyone writes on it. And she’s never been lame enough to write anything on it more than twice a year herself. She’s made her pictures private, too. There used to be over a thousand of them. Glimpses into all the parties. Mexico, Whistler, Westin rooftop pool parties with guys whose faces can’t be on camera, Hollywood hills. Scenes filled with an endless supply of light beer, stunning outfits and secrets I will never know. Semi-scandalous pics that entice, that feature her in skimpy swimsuits, with captions like, “They'll either want to kill you, kiss you or be you.”
     There all gone now. All that’s left is a big number next to her name: 1,700 friends. You know she hasn’t added anyone in forever either. She doesn’t even allow birthday wishes on her wall anymore, even though she used to get hundreds of them. Even though to lames like me the random, halfhearted birthday wishes mean a lot.   
     There’s still a little green dot by her name though, indicating that she’s online, only a click away. Apparently she still likes to chat online. 
     I decide to message her. F-it. I usually do once a year anyways.
     I start off, “Hey, you should write a book.” Send. 
     Then I write quickly, “I would buy the first copy.” This is clever.
     “Lol Random. What up.” She responds. I’m thrilled, not the most thoughtful reply, but whatev, at least she’s playing ball. 
     “Random and funny, but true.” I counter. Then I ignore her “what up” completely, I’m not trying to talk about me. 
     “You dating anymore famous people in L.A.?” Ouch. I immediately regret this, bringing up her high profile boyfriend from two years ago is not the best move. I have to write something though. 
     “Lol, no.” She laughs back, what.a.relief. This is going much better than I expected. And whattt?, she’s single. Well, she’s not dating a celebrity. Small victories. 
     “How are you? How is Seattle?” She’s insistent to turn the conversation towards me, social intelligence 101. 
     “I’m alright! Dreading another gloomy Seattle winter.” The gloomy Seattle winter line is good, she knows what that’s all about. I am also validating her decision to move to California. The “I’m alright” is good too, maybe should of left off the exclamation point. I never know what to say when people ask me how I am. Stupid small talk. I should have said, “I’m alright, except I’m 23 and not rich and famous yet.” That would have got big laughs. 
     She’s actually talkative, lots of “LOL’s”, even some “hahahas.” We chat for like twenty minutes. Out of all the people she has met in the five years since I have seen her–1700 Facebook friends, famous people, NFL players–she still wants to talk with me. Maybe if she didn’t live in L.A…
     She tells me she’s a publicist for a big company in L.A. A big, big company. I pray it’s not as cool as it sounds, but I know that it is. I think about her life, how she did everything right. How she’s reaping the success of all that work. I think about my life and focus on all the negatives. What do I have that compares? 
     She eventually doesn’t respond to my last question, it wasn’t an important question anyways. I wait five minutes… nothing.  It’s okay, I was expecting this much earlier. Overall, this was successful. I wait another five and then type, “Hey you keep rockin it, and when you’re in Seattle, hit up who you know it’s past time since you saw and told your stories too.” Oh god, that’s so terrible. WHAT WAS THAT? 
     There is hope because Oakley loves guys that will never truly love her: big time ballers. This is the nature of the game. 
     And lastly–and most importantly–there’s hope because she loves to read. 

3. Loren Larsen (Summer, 1998)
     A few blocks from my childhood home—two if you knew the shortcut through the house at the end of the street—there was the official park of Richmond Beach. One of the sound side towns in the Seattle suburb where I grew up, Shoreline. 
     Before best friends, there was just me and my mom spending our afternoons in the park. Richmond Beach Park, “the park” to us, was not by any means the most impressive park I’d ever explored, in fact just down the road was the actual Richmond Beach. But the pond and little hills were in all the right places and it was familiar. I knew all the secret trails on the outside of the fence and played in all the best climbing trees. 
     The park is where I first displayed my social prowess. My mom would brag to anyone that would listen about how I would fearlessly approach any kid, adult or dog and ask them where they were from or compliment them on something they were wearing. It wasn’t all natural ability, at first my mom fed me the questions and encouraged me. 
     “It’s unbelievable how socially intelligent he is at such a young age,” She would always say.
     If you want to have a high social IQ this is where it all starts, saying “hi” to strangers on the playground.

     My face was frozen with worry as I entered the park with my mom on a summer day. Even from afar, I could tell something was off. All the kids were running around in a big group, from one spot to another, sitting down around one tree for a few minutes before taking off to another spot. Normally there would’ve been a bunch of scattered groups. 
     We were going to a picnic some parents had organized to meet a new student joining our 4th grade class. I stayed close to my mom like a cub as she walked over to the group of adults. I kept an eye out for Loren. Loren Larson was my one semi-best friend at school. Loren was a year older than me, but he lived in my neighborhood and our parents were friends so we had play dates. Loren was super skinny, even his face was thin and boney, but his shaggy dirty blond hair and big personality were unmatched. We got along. We both knew how to raise our voices to tell a story. He was my social idol. But Loren was a year older, so he gave me the cold shoulder more often than not at school. 
     Loren was the only reason I went to that picnic. My mom had repeatedly assured me he was going. You can’t just go to a fourth grade social event without someone to talk to. These weren’t strangers at a park, I saw these kids every day. Plus, I wasn’t all that impressed by the other the kids in my grade, I spent my days dreaming about hanging out with Loren and the older kids.
     I overheard from the parents that the new student was a boy named Jonsen. It was the most unique name I’d ever heard. His mom couldn’t stop raving about him, how he was a star soccer player. I was now in full fledge crisis mode. I’d been so sure the new student was going to be the love of my life. Our grade only had one beautiful girl, Mari Smith, and she spent most of her time hanging out with the older girls. And now she was going to fall in love with Jonsen.
     Eventually, I built up the courage to go take a look at the big attraction for myself and headed over to a bench the group had temporarily settled around. As I walked towards the group I could hear Loren’s voice loudly joking around with some other kids from our school. 
     “Why is your Tamagatchi so hungry Kathy? Are you raising it to be anorexic? You’ve got some serious issues Kathy. Why can’t you just love it for who it is?” 
     “Loren, give Kathy her Tamagatchi back.” David commanded. 
     “Why won’t this glorified calculator have babies already?” Loren kept going, “I keep feeding it and feeding it. No I’m not going to take you for a walk, you need more food, more food.”
     I was already laughing as I squeezed onto the bench. I took off my coat and held it in front of my chest to hide my pudgy belly. When I sat down I did this with a pillow or something when I could. I mean I wasn’t super big gulp fat, but I wore a shirt at the water park.
     It was worse than I imagined. Jonsen was huge, clearly more developed than anyone our age, tall with an athletic physique, tan skin. Not the most handsome face I’d seen, but still handsome. On the plus side, his hair was buzzed so short that his ears stuck out like an elf. But as a package he was so good looking that even his flaws just became uniquely handsome themselves. 
     I’m ruined, I thought, everybody panic!     
     Loren was sitting right next to Jonsen, “Man, I’m telling you, first day just stick with me. I’ll take care of you, I know everyone.” As he spoke Loren padded Jonsen’s chest with the back of his hand to forcefully demand his attention–the boy could talk. Loren didn’t even give me a second glance. 
     But before he could finish, Jonsen got up smiling to himself and ran off, leaving the group of enthralled classmates in disarray until one-by-one they started running after him like dogs at the dog park. 
     I didn’t chase after him and fight for his attention like the rest. What fools, groveling for his attention, I thought. I couldn’t believe Jonsen wasn’t that impressed with Loren. This punk knew he was special, knew he was better. I stayed behind and walked back to the adults. I’d talk to Jonsen another day. One of the reasons I was more mature than the other kids my age is that I’d learned the importance of patience, to wait for your time. Besides, Jonsen wasn’t totally perfect, he had a very noticeable smell, almost like canned fruit, it was awful. 

4. Jonsen Palmer (Fall, 1998) 
     I might have been short and chubby, but it spoke to my comic genius that I was able to become Jonsen’s best friend. Once I got a handle on sarcasm and swearing it was all over. Real recognize real. Grade school Comedy 101: Drop “fuck that” into almost any situation.
     “Hey Marco, did you put a valentine in Rachel’s Mailbox?” 
     “Fuck that.”
     Laughs every time, pretty edgy stuff coming from an innocent, genuinely nice 4th grader. I had other token phrases too. 
     “Hey Marco, you wanna go to the park after school?” 
     “Have your people call my people, we’ll work something out.” 
     “You any good at foursquare, Marco?” 
     “You already know I’m all that, and a bag of chips.” 
     “Hey Rachel, I like your jacket…For me to poop on.” God that was classic. 
     In moments of awkward silence my favorite line was “Sooo, how ‘bout them Mariners?” Be the first person to say something enough times and it becomes yours, the other kids aren’t allowed to say it. I’d made some wise investments and had a monopoly on all the good catch phrases. This was the spark in my eye that teachers were always writing about in my progress reports. It was my golden age of comedy.   
     I got all the lines from my older brother, Carlo. He was the coolest person ever, and being cool wasn’t always easy in our house. When my older brother was growing up my parents didn’t want him watching R rated movies or listening to Parental Advisory CD’s. But my brother was no push over, not that one. He mustered up some epic tantrums. When my mom wouldn’t let him see “Braveheart” with his friends in 7th grade he threw a tantrum to end all tantrums. 
     “You awful bitch. I fucking hate you.” My mom would lock herself in her room to escape the never ending onslaught of verbal abuse. I would watch him lie on his back, kicking upwards against her door for hours. Eventually he’d get tired and bored lying there, so periodically he would have to dig deep and work himself into a tizzy all-over again just to continue. I loved both of them so I always stayed pretty neutral, but when push came to shove I always sided with my mom.     
     “Braveheart’s too violent, Carlo.” My mom and I would sit in her room together, listening to the monster on the other side of the locked bedroom door. He would yell until he lost his voice, then yell some more. He kept it going for over a week. Eventually she compromised and allowed him to see “Braveheart,” but only if she could go with him and could cover his eyes during all the parts she didn’t want him to see. 
     I never had this problem. I saw all the R rated movies I wanted. Jonsen showed them to me. We shared everything. I taught him what my family talked about: history and politics. He taught me about what his family talked about: sex. Like what “The Clitoris” was in the South Park movie. His favorite song was “Gimmie That Nutt” by Easy-E. He memorized all the lyrics. I memorized them, too. I didn’t understand them. Especially the nut part, like a squirrel nut? I’d try and get Jonsen to explain them to me, he would change the subject. I didn’t want to seem needy or stupid so I didn’t push it. I told myself that maybe he didn’t know what they meant, but he did. 
     I had something else that grade-schoolers recognize as cool. Old eyes. Eyes you only get from people telling you “you’ve had it rougher than other kids” all your life. Early on I added, “are you parents together?" to my list of getting to know you questions. When the kids would say “no,” I would encourage them to talk about it with follow up questions like “that must be really tough, what’s that like?” What fun. I liked getting out the pain everyone was hiding, that’s where real life was at.    

5. Jonsen and the Ladies (Winter, 1998)
     A breeze gently rocked the pair of spring horses Jonsen and I were sitting on as we waited patiently for some cute girls to come to the park. Jonsen started puberty in 3rd grade. He loved the ladies, and the ladies loved him. While I dreamed about our elementary school collapsing during an earthquake, killing everyone accept for me and Mari Smith, leaving us trapped alone together for months. Mari was dreaming about Jonsen proposing to her on ice skates in some lame girl fantasy. On our 4th grade class trips to the theatre, while I brilliantly schemed to innocently end up sitting next to Kat Peacock, so I could spend the whole play dreaming about playing footsy with her. Well Jonsen would end up sitting on the other side of her actually playing footsy with Kat Peacock. 
     When I heard about it from one of the girls during intermission my heart plummeted into my feet. During the second act the slightest ruffling rattled my body with burning nauseating discomfort as if I was constantly choking. He didn’t even really love Kat. 
     I always took it like a champ though, bounced back. Not that Jonsen wasn’t generous, there were plenty of perks to being his best friend. All the girls wanted to play spin the bottle with Jonsen. They even liked to flash him. 
     Just our luck, two of the cutest girls we’d ever seen came strolling into our trap. We watched them for a while, Jonsen professed his love for the taller asian-looking girl–he loved the asians. What an idiot. Her petite brunet friend was the prettiest girl I’d ever seen. Glorious day. Remarkable day.              
     “Yah man, the Asian’s hot.” I agreed.  
     The girls suspiciously didn’t even glance at us. Eventually, Jonsen jumped into action, on his lead we just walked over and Jonsen said, “Sup Girlss.” 
     They laughed. The Asian was Elan, the brunette was Jamilee. Elan was talkative and friendly and immediately claimed Jonsen first by laughing loudly at anything he said. Jamilee could’ve cared less, she was a year older and had an attitude, an “I’ve seen it all” air about her. 
     It was touch-and-go at first as we talked about what schools we went to, Jonsen kept moving closer to Elan and she kept telling him, “You’re in my bubble,” motioning around herself for emphasis.      
     Jonsen and I laughed, it sounded like something a parent would say. Then Jonsen antagonistically poked her shoulder. 
     “Hey, quit bursting my bubble.” She warned.
     I poked Jamilee’s shoulder. She glared at me before poking me hard back in the chest. 
     I turned to Jonsen with a look of shock, “She ruined my beautiful bubble…they’re monsters Jonsen, you have to save yourself.” Jonsen took a few hesitant steps back from the girls before Elan started chasing after him with a pointed finger. 
     Soon we were all chasing and poking each other. It was our inside joke and the ice came crashing down. 
     We invited them to walk the trails behind the fence with us. As we plunged into the secrecy of the trees I gleamed with anticipation, knowing that the hard part was over. It was only a matter of time before we convinced them to play truth or dare. 
     Little did I know Jonsen had other plans. Without warning, he leaped up into one of the tallest trees and began climbing. It was a huge tree with only a few branches, far too dangerous to be climbing. 
     “What a show off.” I joked sarcastically. We shouted at him to come down to no avail and watched as he settled on the tallest branch. 
     “I’m going to kill myself,” he yelled down. We all looked shockingly at each other. We’ll there go your chances you fucking idiot, I thought. 
     The girls stared at me for an explanation, I had none. This was the first time I’d seen him do this kind of thing. He liked to huff white-out sometimes, I thought that was weird.
     “Attention,” I assured the girls, “He just wants attention.” 
     Elan bolted up the tree after him. 
     “Come on, Jamilee, let’s go and eventually he will come down.” I said with disgust. Elan had actually made it pretty far up the tree after him. Jamilee and I walked back to the park and eventually Jonsen and Elan came out to the field.
     The girls left and Jonsen and I sat and watched them walk away into the sunset. He apologized for what he did and tried his best to describe to me what he was feeling. It didn’t come out right. I told him I loved him and then we talked about how amazing each of our girls was. I told him that overall the day was a great success, Jamilee even left her half-drunken coke bottle behind. I flashed him a peak of the bottle, while holding it preciously, then I began worshipping the holy Coke that Jamilee put her angelic lips upon. 
     I placed it upon the altar of my palms and held it up to the sky as an offering, “Please god, make Jamilee love me.” And then I began French kissing and slobbering all over the cap of the bottle, assuring Jonsen it was basically the same thing as making out with her–no matter how many times he told me that it didn’t actually count. 
      “It totally counts. I can still taste her sweet, fruity chap stick.” We laughed until our sides hurt. 

Spring, 1999

     Jonsen was telling me about his new crush, Alia Lee, over the phone. He’d been hitting on her all week and she was loving it. I didn’t understand why he liked her. I mean, she was one of our friends, funny, in the smart-program at our school, but I just didn’t think she was that pretty. 
     “What do you like best about Alia, Jonsen? 
     “Man, I love her big rack, have you seen those things? I can’t take my eyes off them.” 
     “Jonsen Palmer! You can’t talk about women that way! How dare you.” My mom yelled from the other line. 
     “Sorry, I’m so sorry.” Always quick on his feet Jonsen apologized immediately.  
     I ran into the living room and gave my mom hell for listening in on my phone conversation. She was horrified that a 5th grader was talking about women like that. She spoke very sternly to me about respect for women and not treating them like objects. She never got this upset. I argued back that I did not myself say anything about Alia’s breasts and that Jonsen couldn’t help how he was raised.
     “I’m too fat for any girls I like anyways, mom.” 
     I slammed the front door on my way out, I had to get to Jonsen. He wasn’t staying at his house in Richmond Beach for some reason. He’d been staying at a bunch of different places lately, but his dad moved into a new apartment and he’d promised me he’d be staying there for a while. I’d been to the apartment once, but it was by the middle school on top of the hill, Einstein. It was farther than I’d ever walked before. I walked to the menacing road that lead up out of our neighborhood. It went up steeply before disappearing behind a horizon of trees. My frenzy overrode my fear and step by step I climbed out of Richmond Beach for the first time. 
     When I got to the apartment, one of Jonsen’s ghetto-ass sisters answered the door and I ran past her into the arms of Jonsen. We both started crying, we professed our love for each other. 
     There was no T.V. in the apartment and his dad wasn’t there. We played around with a soccer ball he’d been juggling. His sister’s bitchy voice rang through the house. She could hit that special note of meanness that made 10-year-olds cower. His brother was on a cell phone with some friend, talking in heavy slang about some fight he got in.
     “Dog, I got dude’s sweatshirt over his cabeza and just ‘boom boom,’ game over, knumsayin?”   
     Jonsen’s brother was always getting kicked out of school. Condoms were lying on the apartment floor, piles of clothes were in every room. The Palmer smell was everywhere, the canned fruit. I felt very out of place. I didn’t like it at all.       

Summer, 1999

     Jonsen had been staying at his g-ma’s lately. We’d been building a tree house in her back yard over the summer. After another amazing day of imagining the project, Jonsen asked me to spend the night. He even begged his dad to order us pizza and rent us a movie. I was nervous about trying to sleep away from home, I had trouble sleeping and going to sleep was the most dreaded part of my day. But caught up in the excitement I decided to go for it and called my mom to convince her to let me spend the night. 
     “Don’t worry, mom, his grandma is much more responsible than his parents. Yes, you can talk to her.”
     Jonsen’s oldest sister, Alicia, and her friend had been hanging around with us all day. They were in middle school. Alicia wanted to rent “Dude, Where’s my Car?” I protested, but Jonsen betrayed me and sided with them so I was outvoted. I could hear my brother’s voice, “That movie is for idiots.” We started watching the movie and then Alicia left to go to bed. Jonsen and his sister’s friend were sitting next to each other on his futon while I was sitting on a sleeping bag on the floor. They were sitting pretty close to each other. Close enough to make me lose my appetite. I picked up a piece of pizza, but just holding it in my hand was revolting. The movie might as well have been background noise to the real show. Now they were lying down next to each other, Jonsen was the big spoon. They were still pretending to be watching the movie. Jonsen pulled a blanket over them, he started kissing the back of her neck while touching her front. She was doing her best to conceal his hands. Everyone was trying to be as quiet as possible. My stomach twisted in knots. The smell of Jonsen’s cologne began making me sick. I tried to keep focusing on the movie, but every time Ashton Kutcher laughed I cringed with nausea. The movie became a fun house nightmare. Soon Jonsen was on top of her, his body moving up and down.
     This is the worst I’ve ever felt, my panicked thoughts raced as the blanket gyrated, what’s wrong with me? Is this jealousy? Definitely not of her, she’s nothing special–other than the fact she’s in middle school. No, I’m just jealous of Jonsen, that he’s Jonsen. That he’s having sex, the greatest achievement ever. I mean he gets all the girls, but maybe, just maybe I could’ve had sex before him. Then maybe he’d know what it was like. It was all a race, and Jonsen had won. 
     Soon I couldn’t take it anymore and left. I went down to the basement. I watched infomercials all night in my own personal hell. Thinking the same angry thoughts over and over. Fuck Jonsen, he’s always getting everything I want, he’s just so much better…Only twenty two thousand seconds until morning. 
     He came down for me at some point, apologizing for making me feel uncomfortable, telling me I could come back now.
     “I’m fine, don’t worry, I just can’t sleep,” I told him. 
     For a year after that night I just avoided sleepovers all together, afraid of not being able to sleep, afraid of that feeling. For all of the big sleepovers I would stay until 10ish and then make some elaborate lie as to why I couldn’t spend the night. “I gotta go guys my mom has to go to the hospital.” And my mom would go along with it. 
     
6. Duncan Anderson (Fall, 1999)
     In 5th grade, Duncan Anderson threw the greatest Halloween party I’d ever been to. Duncan was in my class through grade school. We were far from best friends, but all the guys in our grade got along and we all played together during recess (Well, Jonsen didn’t play during recess, he stayed inside, knitting and playing cards with Mari and the rest of the girls). Duncan was shy and quiet the first few years I knew him. He wore a lot of tie dye t-shirts, had a rat tail, and was chubby like me. Then, in one month, he had a big growth spurt and grew as tall as Jonsen. I was so jealous. His new height also brought out his confidence and soon, seemingly out of nowhere, he was hosting our class’ first boy-girl party.  
     We were far from mystical times, but Halloween was definitely still magical. It was that Northwest-fall smell in the air. Also, being hopped up on a ton of candy was pure magic at eleven. 
     There was an enchanted threshold that night at Duncan’s party, too. A long stair case descending from the grown-ups who were having their own party upstairs, down into the dark basement full of unsupervised preteens. 
     Everyone was there: Kat, Loren, Jonsen, plenty of 6th graders. There was a strobe light and a disco ball, legitimately making it by far the greatest party I’d ever been to. Everyone greeted me with excitement. 
     “Marco’s here.” Loren and Jonsen yelled. 
     People were dancing and singing. “Come on Barbie let’s go party ah-ah-ah-ya.” I tried to dance and jump around a little bit. I don’t know what my parents were teaching me, but they should have been teaching me to dance. 
     After the dancing died down we played the granddaddy of all spin the bottle games. I even pecked Kat, it was a miracle. 
     One of the boys in our class, Brian, brought his 7th grade step-sister, Addy. Addy had a reputation and she was living up to it, tongue kissing everyone. 
     Addy and a 6th grader Jessica were sitting on Duncan’s couch. I confidently threw my body between them and squeezed in. Then I put my arms around both of them like a pimp. 
     “Sup ladies, how you doing tonight.” They cracked up laughing. This was one of my funniest bits. Then Jessica and Addy both started whispering and giggling around me. 
     “Marco, Addy thinks you have an incredible butt,” Jessica blurted before being overwhelmed by dying laughter. I blushed. 
     “On a scale of 1 to 10, your butt is a 10,” Addy finished for her. It was my first great compliment (adults don’t count). From then on, before I showered, I looked at my chubby body and thought about my classmates making me take off my shirt so they could compare who was the fattest kid in the class. Then I would turn around and look at my butt and get so overcome with joy, it was a 10. 
     Allan and my mom picked me up from Duncan’s party around ten. They went upstairs first and mingled with the other adults for a bit before taking me home. My mom was starting to quickly catch onto the whole operation. On the drive home she was going on about her suspicion that we might have been unsupervised downstairs. 
     I heard Duncan’s dad tell her upstairs, “They’re just kids, we pop down every once in a while.”    
     My mom was also certain that all the parents were drunk. 
     “I think a lot of those parents might have drinking problems,” She told Allan. God bless those parents’ souls, every last one of them. I thought. That was the best night of my life. I’m the shit and I have so many friends. Duncan’s parents are so cool. And as for Duncan, well we had to be best friends now, that was just that.

7. Pacey Baker (Summer, 2001)
     Duncan and I ran over to Jonsen’s house to wake him up. Jonsen’s room was a mountain of clothes. You couldn’t even see the bed. We jumped on him and got him up. He was groggy as we pushed him out the door and started walking towards the beach. 
     “ZOOOM.” A boy on a motor scooter blew past us. We watched him zip down the road then slow down and turn back towards us. 
     Jonsen surprisingly ran out into the road after him, yelling, “Pacey. What up.” 
     I knew that name. Pacey Baker had a rep. He was a year older than us and in 7th grade. He got suspended last year from Richmond Beach’s local elementary school for making out with Samantha Sayers in the hallway. In plain sight of everyone. They must have known they were going to get in trouble. Pacey was a myth. 
     I had no clue how Jonsen knew him, but Jonsen knew everyone. Pacey and Jonsen walked back to us and Jonsen introduced everyone. I felt embarrassed for Jonsen having to introduce me. Duncan was tall and good looking, for all Pacey knew he was the shit. 
     I studied Pacey meticulously. He wasn’t as tall as Jonsen and Duncan, but he was stockily built with broad shoulders. His chubby square face was unique and extremely likable, but his eyebrows were cocked all the way up, just itching for the first chance to put someone down. I was now officially in a state of awe. 
     “What can you get it up to Pacey? 25?” Jonsen asked.
     “Are you kidding? I’ve hit 35 before.” 
     “Cool scooter.” I finally burst out.
     “Uh, ok.” Willy punished my stupid comment by not even looking at me when I replied. I decided not to say anything else.
     Jonsen and Pacey continued talking about the scooter, how tight it was. While they talked, we walked a few blocks alongside Pacey over to his house, some of his friends were meeting him there. We were kind of hanging out with Pacey Baker! I studied the way Pacey walked. I’d overheard my classmate Jessica say Pacey walked with a gangster limp, but I didn’t see anything, I didn’t even know what that meant. He walked kind of slowly, I observed. 
     His house was actually an apartment complex and when we got there two giants and one kid were waiting in the parking lot with their own motor scooters. Pacey reluctantly introduced everyone, his friends were Kyle Garcia (giant), Eddy Hill (giant) and Morris (kid). Morris’ first name was Eddy too, but they’d smartly nicknamed him Morris to avoid confusion. Plus, last name nicknames were very in, Loren called people by their last names all the time. 
     I’d heard about Kyle and Eddy. They were a year older. Kids from their elementary school dropped their names in stories to sound cool, although they’d never done anything as infamous as Pacey. 
     Kyle and Eddy were monstrously tall. They ruled over me. Kyle’s brown bangs hung evenly across his handsome face. But he had a mammoth gap between his front teeth that he was forced to wear with pride. There was nothing traditionally handsome about Chris, he had chubby Santa Clause cheeks and a square forehead. Chris wasn’t pretty enough to get cute girls, but he was big enough to fight, he scared the shit out of me. Their third companion, Morris, was barely taller than me. He was a skinny, blond baby. The most popular kids always came with a pre-puberty sidekick, for what we lacked in size we made up with quick wit. Life’s naturally balanced that way.
     As Pacey opened his apartment door, Eddy clamped his big arms down on Morris’ shoulders and shouted, “Let’s throw Morris in Pacey’s pool.” 
     Kyle echoed this sentiment chanting, “Morris in the pool. Morris in the pool.” Morris squirmed to get away but the ogres hoisted him straight up into the air and placed him onto their shoulders. He eventually gave in–it was easier not to resist. As a #2 myself, I felt Morris’ pain, what bullies. I was so grateful Jonsen didn’t treat me like that.               
     Pacey laughed. Jonsen, I and Duncan watched silently. Pontius Pilates. 
     As they carried him into the house, Morris started pleading and screeching in a last ditch attempt, “Come on, guys, please. Seriously please. Don’t do this. Remember, I bought you guys those burgers yesterday.”
     Kyle stopped, halting the procession “You know, Eddy, he’s right... Morris did put up fifteen on those burgers.” Eddy set him down and Morris scrambled back out the door a few feet away to a safe distance.                                          
     “Well, you get off this time Morris.” They all laughed, Morris laughed the loudest. I tried not to look directly at them, to make eye-contact, I was petrified at this point. Guy-friends notoriously picked on each other but that was by far the worst I’d ever seen. I picked up the vibe that they treated him like that on a regular basis. Like he was their personal play toy. What power. If that was how they treat their friends… 
     We hung outside Pacey’s for a bit. Duncan asked to ride Kyle’s motor scooter, and Kyle reluctantly said “aight.” Duncan began riding the thing in little circles around the apartment parking lot. Duncan was finishing up his little joy ride when he went over a speed bump and accidently kicked off one of the tubes running into the engine. You clumsy buffoon, you bumbling idiot, I shouted in my head.  
     The ogres were restless. Duncan apologized profusely and everyone but me played around with the engine and gave their opinion as to what was wrong. An air of tension hung over the conversation. Their eyes scanned over Duncan, Jonsen and me. Duncan finally offered to pay for the scooter if it couldn’t be fixed and gave them his number. We were allowed to leave. 
     As we walked back, we retold our versions of the day like war veterans. Jonsen told the story like he was ready to beat all four of them up at any moment. Duncan’s version beat everyone when he boasted that the number he gave them was actually fake. It was a clever move. I already knew he could never pay for it anyways, they were hundreds of dollars. Duncan was going to Kellogg next year anyways, Shoreline’s other middle school, he’d never see them again anytime soon.     
        
8. First Day of Middle School (Fall, 2001)
     Waiting in the morning fog, standing in the aura of the giant half-asleep 8th graders, I finally made up my mind to sit in the middle of the bus. Not in the back, everyone knew 8th graders sat in the back, but not in the front. I was somebody, I was best friends with Jonsen Palmer.
     By the end of summer I was usually ready to go back to school. New school years were exciting, meeting new people, reuniting with old friends. My dad would always take me to our local department store to get new clothes. When my dad wasn’t wearing a suit he was usually wearing something from a thrift store so he’d stand back and let me do my thing. I’m a naturally talented visual artist. 
     Every once in a while he’d grumble over prices and try to guide me towards the deals by saying, “Hey Marco, aren’t these shoes cool? They’re 50% off.” I resented this and as soon as he suggested something I immediately hated it. I also believed that things were only on sale because they sucked.
     Ritualistically, the night before a new school year, I carefully laid out my outfit for the first day, complete with a new pair of socks and underwear. That night, before 7th grade, I laid out my favorite solid blue sweater vest–my favorite from 6th grade–on top of a white undershirt. Best to go with a sure thing on such an important day. I’d struck out with brand new clothes in previous years, it’s bound to happen to anyone. Last year I’d picked out a shirt that was too tight and Alia Lee had told me I had man boobs in front of all her girlfriends. I couldn’t risk that again, not on such a big day. I was learning. My new pants were a sure thing. Cargo shorts had become all the rage, and, after resisting for a year, I finally caved to their coolness and bought a pair. But I wanted to be unique so I picked out a pair of dark green ones. 
     Loren had told me about middle school. He’d watched a kid get “swirlied” by a group of 8th graders. His friends would “can” kids all the time. 
     I’d talked to Loren about my predicament with the dang scooter and he’d assured me that he knew everyone our middle school, Einstein, and if Kyle and Eddy were to give me any trouble at all I could just come find him and he would take care of it.      
     The most popular 8th grader on my bus route was Matt Robinson. He was short and chubby like me, but all the other 8th graders on our bus hung on his every word, waiting for his next joke. I did, too, eavesdropping from the middle row. It wasn’t what he was saying, the art was in how he cut in and screamed out decrees over everyone else, not all the time, but just enough. 
     “I wouldn’t touch Terra Richie, she’s so gross! Terra Richie tries to go down on more pipes than Mario. Slurp slurp slurp.” What a cocky punk. 
     If my nervousness that day had a sound it would’ve been the screech of the bus breaks when we pulled up to the sprawling white walls of Einstein. One by one we filed out into the blur of frenzied preteens. Anxiety ran in my family so I was walking slightly faster than the hundreds of kids scurrying around me to sort themselves out. I had to find a circle. I couldn’t be seen just by myself looking around with nowhere to go. I saw people I knew from little league, tennis club, kindergarten. Losers. All losers. I couldn’t be seen with them. I felt the sting of a hundreds judgments. I walked around at a desperate pace searching for Jonsen, but he was nowhere to be found. Einstein was very confusing, one story spread out like a maze. 
     I passed the cool kid circles. I saw Pacey Baker standing around in one. He wasn’t even talking to anyone, he had headphones on and was singing along loudly to a song, “Call it what you wanna call it, I’m a fucking alcoholic.” The other kids in the circle were just standing around in silence listening to him. What an idiot, I observed, who would brag about being an alcoholic? God, gangster rappers are so dumb.
     At last, I came across my opportunity. I saw Robin Spoon. One of my best friends from our neighborhood. Robin and her friends used to come knock on my door and ask me to hangout. My whole family was very impressed and my mom had boasted to everyone about how groups of girls would come to the door asking for me. Robin was a year older, she was standing in a cool 8th grade circle, it was perfect, I went for it.
     “Robin.” I shouted enthusiastically as I ran over to her. 
     She didn’t respond, reluctant to even look at me. 
     “Who are you?” A weasel-faced boy standing next to Robin questioned me very nastily. He was tiny, I wasn’t intimidated. 
     “Who the fuck are you?” I questioned back.
     Silence fell over the group. Silence for too long. I looked around at the other girls, the other faces. I was clearly not wanted. I turned around and walked away, embarrassed out of my mind. How could Robin do that to me? Someday she would regret that. I carried the shame with me all the way through my first three classes. Robin’s cold stare slowly ate all my confidence away. I’d been one of the most social kids at my elementary school. But Middle school was a whole new playing field, these were kids from Highland Terrace, Ridgecrest, Lake Forest Park… Each one its own unique universe. These were the best of the best. My grade school accomplishments meant nothing now. 
     By the time lunch came around I’d learned my place in the world. Jonsen finally appeared. He was standing at the top of the rec hall stairs, talking with the three other coolest 7th graders. Kace Rogers, Tim Wright and Derren Martin-Farrell—DMF for short. They were all sagging their jeans to their knees, daringly hanging their butts out into their boxers. 
     Kace was famous for putting a bag of weed and a pipe in his cubby, in his grade school cubby! Kace and DMF were tall like Jonsen. There are very few indicators of class as distinct as height amongst preteen boys. Tim was Kace’s prepubescent right hand man. They were all good looking. I watched them in all their glory. As they talked they made sure to laugh loudly so the whole hall could hear them. They jumped on each other, play punched each other.
     Jonsen was hitting on every girl that walked by, he didn’t give an f. He was even hitting on the quiet nerd girls. 
     “Sup chicas? My name’s Jonsen Palmer, I do what my name specifies.” The shy girls didn’t even make eye contact as they cowered and scurried by. 
     Then the next group came along “Girl I’m the clit commander. I love you long time.”
The girls had no idea what to do, half laugh, half just kept their head down and ignored it. 
     Some actually tried talking with him. I felt bad for those ones, they actually thought maybe they could tame him. It was all so wild, I stared in fascination. Whatever happened they laughed it off and moved on to the next group coming by. Jonsen had found his zone, high on unlimited confidence. Unleashed upon the world. 
     I’d once asked my brother for advice in getting a girl I had a crush on. He’d told me very self-assuredly “Marco, it’s all about being confident in yourself. The best part is you don’t even have to back it up with anything. Who can back up anything anyways? Everyone’s so anxious and self-conscious. You’ll realize that as you get older. It’s not about your haircut, it’s about how you wear it.” 
     But watching Jonsen in the hallway I came to my own realization that my brother was wrong. There was no faking that, what Jonsen had. Jonsen’s confidence was a monument, built out of a thousand small incremental baby blocks of overwhelming positive feedback. The pure oozing stuff. 
     Jonsen and I hadn’t hung out in weeks, he’d been spending all his time with Kace and Tim. He was clearly doing fine with his new “best friends.” I was mad, but I understood. That day I wouldn’t dare to go near Jonsen at Einstein, definitely not after the Robin incident.   
     Still unwilling to be seen with anyone not cool I frantically pretended to speed walk somewhere very importantly until I finally escaped to the bathroom. I sat in the stall and open up my back pack and took out my sack lunch. I dwelled in the stinging pain and took small munches of my peanut butter and jelly sandwich as the bread soaked up my tears. Eventually I found a new resolve. A deep down faith that one day I was going to be popular. 
     When the last bell finally rang I joined one of the current of students heading towards the buses. I just wanted to go home to my afternoon cartoons and cereal and not think for the rest of the day. 
     “MARCOO..” I heard loud voices howling at me. I looked over to see Kyle, Chis and Morris all waving and smiling at me from the side of the hallway. I stood dead still but my heart began trying to run away through my intestines. I walked over to them a condemned man. 
     Kyle did the talking. “So Marco… Have you talked to your friend about our money?”     
     He smirked every time he mockingly used my name. As if to say, “Why do I know your lowly name, bitch?” It was a great smirk, he used just the right amount of teeth and looked away from you at all the right moments. 
     Big Eddy was just standing by Kyle’s side with a big goofy, maniacal grin on his face. 
     “He’s not answering my calls,” I responded meekly. I acted scared, lowly. I slouched and kept my eyes low in an attempt to show them that I knew they were better than me. Hopefully that offering would be enough and they wouldn’t give me a swirly. 
     “Well dawg, you gotta pay for your friend, Marco.” Kyle talked as if whatever he said was final because he was just better. They’re straight up bullies, I thought. I was stunned people like them actually existed.  	
     “I didn’t go anywhere near that scooter,” Was the only thing I had left to say. The hallway was almost clear now, I was definitely going to miss the bus. They must not ride the bus. My consciousness squirmed and wailed, unwilling to come to terms with the fact that I was actually going to be canned on the first day of Middle School. 
     “What up?” Out of nowhere, Jonsen was all of a sudden standing beside me, standing straight up. He normally had a slight slouch, he looked an inch or two taller standing straight up. I felt a rush of joy overcome me.
     “We’re just talking.” Kyle answered. “We just want your friend’s number that broke our scooter.” 
     “Oh yaa,” Jonsen replied, like he’d forgotten about the whole thing. “I got the craziest wood shop teacher,” Jonsen immediately changed the subject, “Superfinsky, I swear to god it’s only a matter of time before dude cuts his whole hand off.” 
     “Bro, Superfinsky’s savage.” Kyle replied. 
     “He’s tight though, I had him last year.” Eddy added.
     I was beaming, staring up at Jonsen, my giant, I couldn’t help it. They all talked awkwardly about woodshop for another minute or two until Jonsen and I took our leave.
     “Peace.” Jonsen yelled back to them as we walked away. 
     What does that mean? Peace? I thought. Popular people make the dumbest things cool. I immediately hated it. What did peace have to do with social status? 
     Jonsen asked me what I was doing after school. “Nothing man,” I answered excitedly, “I missed my bus.” Guys always acted so dully casual about everything, I hated that. Long ago I’d made it my personal mission to bring enthusiasm and charisma back to cool people dialogue. He asked me if I wanted to hang out, “Hell ya.” I responded. He told me he was going to Janae’s house. 
     Janae, Janae? I was dumbfounded. I’d never seen her before, but there was one name that made anyone that was anyone shut up and pay attention, Janae Bryant. The most popular girl at Einstein. Everyone knew that. 
     Loren was always mentioning Janae, his good friend. Janae had even told Loren the great secret to her flawless complexion; cum. Letting guys cum on her face. [1] I looked down the deserted hall, three 8th grade girls were the only ones left, they seemed to be waiting for us.
[1] Eventually we realized Loren made most of what he said up. But he told the best stories.
     My brain started freezing up, getting stuck on repeat. I’m not cool enough to hang with them, I’m going to make a fool of myself. I need to run away. You’ve fought through this feeling countless times, I reassured myself, you always succeed. 
     Step by step my feet followed Jonsen off my plank of anxiety. We walked over to Janae and her two sidekicks, Isa and Mia Illy. 
     For all I noticed they might as well have been wearing garbage bags. I was into faces. Well-proportioned, unique cute faces. And these were three of the most beautiful faces I’d ever seen. It’s cruel that you can recognize such great beauty at such a young age. 
     Janae and Isa were half asian, Mia was white and the least developed of the three. She was shorter with freckles and light brown hair. She was kind of a tomboy, loud, with a big Buddha smile that she used a lot. Isa was taller and slightly more Asian than Janae. She had a skinny face with a strikingly serious look glued on. Quieter, elegant and mysterious. 
     Janae was the perfect combination of the two. All three had mischievous eyes. 
     Janae, it was a movie star’s name. There were 20 Jennifers at Einstein and 20 Lisas, but only one Janae, one Jonsen. 
     You don’t get to be Janae and Mia in middle school without a strong elementary school rep. Janae and Mia had both ruled their respective kingdoms, Highland Terrace and Sunset. 
     One of Mia’s teachers had once failed her on a test, “You gross, ugly mother fucker, you disgust me. I swear to god I’m going to make your life a living fucking hell if you don’t change my grade.” She’d been written up more times than anyone at Sunset. Listening to her swear, you got the impression she’d been swearing since three. Janae liked to swear at teachers too, but she also liked to give blowjobs, and overdose on pills during class. Janae and Mia had first met in 6th grade, on the ferry to a camp. One of Janae’s friends had been telling a story about Mia when, in usual Janae fashion, she spontaneously yelled out, “FUCK MIA ILLY.” So the whole ferry could hear it. Little did she know, Mia was sitting two isles away. 
     “I’m Mia Illy, bitch. What the fuck is your problem bitch?” 
     It was destiny. A year later, halfway through 7th grade, they became best friends. Janae being Janae brought her best childhood friend, Isa, to the partnership and all together they became known as “The Musketeers.” 
     Always on the verge of laughter, they were masters at hiding their anxieties. But Jonsen was a king, he ran over and scooped Mia into the air, spinning her around before putting her down. 
     “Sup, girllss” Jonsen said in his most teasing manner. “You tryin’ to kick it?” 
They all laughed. They got a kick out of Jonsen.
     “Uhhhhh.. Ya.” Janae answered. She drew “uh” out as if Jonsen’s question was obvious, then finished the subtle dis with her signature half-hearted bass cackle to ease the tension. 
     “This is Marco,” Jonsen introduced me. 
     I waved very non-threateningly, two steps back from the group. “Hey.” 
     “What up,” they all chimed. They must be perplexed as to why Jonsen’s friends with me, I thought. They must think I’m really funny.
     “Missed my bus.” I gave an excuse for being in their presence. 
     For a second Mia and I looked at each other and really saw each other. Number 2s see each other. I knew her pain, watching Janae hook up with the guys she loved. I saw the way Mia looked at Jonsen. Mia wouldn’t be a number 2 to anyone else but Janae.  
     “Well Illy has to go to soccer, but me and Isa are going to Isa’s house to hang out.” Janae told us. “Her parents aren’t home.” I couldn’t believe this was happening.
     “Tight,” Jonsen replied. 
     Mia left and the four of us began our walk through the empty school. 
     This is more like it, I thought, I’m the shit, I always knew it. I kept hoping we’d run into someone I knew, some 7th graders. Even better, Robin. But Einstein was empty besides us. 
     Janae and Isa told me I looked and sounded exactly like Matt Robinson, the 8th grader on my bus. I took it as a compliment, lots of people talked about Matt Robinson. Except I didn’t see the comparison because Matt had bleached blond hair and braces. They said it was my voice, it was squeaky and high pitched, just like Matt. 
     As we got farther from the school I got more worried. We eventually stopped at a public bus stop. I’d never ridden a public bus by myself before. I imagined myself getting lost and having to knock on a stranger’s door for help.
    “How much?” I asked when I got on the bus. I didn’t even have any money.
     “I got you bro,” Jonsen said from behind me. 
     We got on the empty bus and took our places across from Janae and Isa. Awkward silence. I tried to think of something good to say. My usual questions wouldn’t impress Janae. I couldn’t ask them if their parents were divorced. I couldn’t use my pimp routine. I had to think of something perfect. I positioned my lips to ask Janae if cum really cleared away pimples but then decided against it at the last second. 
     “So, are you circumcised?” Janae asked me with a stone cold, studying look. 
     I smiled. Well, well, I mused, the game begins.
     “Fuck that,” I replied passionately. I was uncircumcised and proud. My mom was strongly against circumcision. A trickle of confidence hit me, I got this.  
     “So you are just like Matt Robinson.” They both shouted in unison before dying giggling.
     “Matt’s uncircumcised?” Jonsen asked, with a surprised look. 
     “Ya. Janae tried to give him a BJ once,” Isa chimed in. “His penis was so small she couldn’t even do it. And it was uncircumcised. It looked like a small elephant.” Janae kind of scowled at Isa to keep up pretenses. 
     Isa thought up something bright, “Hey that must be why Matt likes peanuts so much. Because his penis is a small elephant.” The pair grabbed each other in stiches, their mouths opened so wide their teeth stuck out like horses. 
     It was a battle of overcoming anxieties, and in the face of their non-stop giggling at me and Matt I officially surrendered. I was thrown far, far away from my comfort zone. My penis was tiny and didn’t even have a single hair on it. And that was before I knew uncircumcised penises weren’t cool. 
     “Peanuts?” Jonsen asked, puzzled.
     “Ya, when he came over he ate a whole bowl of peanuts,” Isa told us. This was not a good topic for me. I shifted into crisis mode. I didn’t even go into my usual passionate spiel against circumcision, and I truly loved debating circumcision. Jonsen was circumcised, he would listen to my rants about how most of the penis’ nerve ending are in the foreskin. An argument my uncle would always passionately make when the topic came up. 
     “How big are your penises?” Janae asked, staring straight at me. 
     My automatic reflex for this one kicked in. 
     “Six…inches,” I regurgitated with my best poker face.
     “And you?” She turned to Jonsen. 
     “Oh me? I’m small” Jonsen said with a serious face. “Probably two and a half inches when I’m hard. But it’s not about the size you know, it’s about what you can do with it.” 
     They cracked up laughing. Jonsen let a big smile spread across his face. God he was brilliant. He probably had an 8 inch penis.  
     I don’t remember the rest of the conversation that afternoon, I just remember my outfit. Blue sweater vest, dark green cargo pants. Short brown hair perfectly parted down the middle. 
     When we got to Isa’s we sat on her couch and turned on the TV. It was a nice house. Jonsen and Janae sat next to each other, after a few minutes they were making out. Janae pulled her leg over his lap and started straddling him. Isa and I looked at each other and shared smiles. I was used to it now, so it bothered me a lot less. 
     Jonsen picked Janae up into the air and then pushed her down on the couch with his weight as she attacked him with her mouth and hips. Then he started dry humping her through his boxers, slowly in a circle at first, then faster and faster. Soon he was dry humping the shit out of her, his skinny butt was moving up and down like a jack hammer. Eventually they went upstairs. 
     Isa began doing the dishes. We didn’t say a single word to each other. I just pretended to watch TV and she washed dishes. Eventually they came down in a frazzled mess. Isa informed everyone that Jonsen and I had to leave because one of her parents was coming home soon. 
     As soon as were out of the door Jonsen started going on and on, promising me Janae and him didn’t actually have sex. Confessing that he couldn’t get an erection no matter how hard he tried. I knew he was lying to me, because he didn’t want me to get upset like last time. He was babying me. 
     He told me the story three times, he couldn’t get a boner so he just kept eating her out, trying to buy time while he tried to calm down. Every time he told it I became more and more certain he was making the whole thing up detail by detail in order to shelter me. Because he felt guilty for putting me in this situation again. I was so mad at him, not for having sex with Janae, but because he was now lying about it. [2]  
     When Jonsen and I said bye that night we both knew our friendship was over. Jonsen didn’t say “peace” to me, he knew me too well. I was too far behind. I knew I’d have to catch up before we could be friends again.
[2] In actuality, he was telling the truth and was genuinely worried and venting. Scared something was wrong with him, scared she would tell people.

9. The Bottom (Fall, 2001)	               
     After Jonsen left me, it was a big fall to the bottom. You don’t just make new life-partner, best-friends-for-life overnight. Under Jonsen’s wing I hadn’t nurtured very many friendships with kids my age, why bother, I was destined to hang out with the older kids. A true social mastermind maintains as many relationships as possible, even if you only have the energy and patience for a simple conversation. You never know. But I’d have rather died than hangout with less popular kids my age.   
     My only other friend was Avi Miller (Duncan, too, but he was busy skyrocketing to popularity at Kellogg). Avi and I met in grade school, but, he was in the program for kids with smart parents dubbed “the highly capable” program. Avi was really smart, he knew a lot about all sorts of things. We could talk about history. More importantly, he listened to me with fascination as I talked about history. He also had a great sense of sarcasm and self-deprecation. But Avi had goofy, curly red hair and a big boney nose. Not cool. He didn’t care at all about fashion. Patterns, colors, size, none of it. He wore his dad’s old sweatshirts or just whatever. He was complex though because underneath his blasé clothing was a shimmering six pack. He was on a very serious gymnastics team–Oh ya, being a gymnastic star wasn’t cool either. Avi’s favorite thing to do was take his shirt off at any opportunity. I couldn’t even look at his stomach when he did, it made me so jealous.       
     One friend, that was it. After school, I’d go over to Avi’s house and we’d watch MTV and make fun of the rap videos. 
     “Did you hear that, Avi? He said “cut” instead of sex. That’s soo brilliant. Trick Daddy’s just smarter, Avi, how do you compete with that genius? He’s just better.” 
     It wasn’t a terrible existence. Have you ever looked at a Magic card before? They’re orgasmic. 
     But every morning at Einstein I got off the bus all too aware that Mia Illy was thinking about some guy that wasn’t me. 
     I entered a long begrudging state where my feelings went into hibernation and the world got a little more inherently sucky. I stopped scurrying past the cool kid circles or taking my routes to class around the outside of campus. I walked by myself right through the packed hallways and courtyards. When you’re at the bottom, there’s nothing to lose. 

10. Rumors 
     I still kept tabs on Jonsen, on all of them. I was an addict for the latest gossip, I heard the stories. Jonsen was always fighting. He had a special feud with the Mexican clique. Well they were mostly Mexican, they had a few short, non-intimidating black guys too. I would get so upset watching the Mexican kids mean mug people in the hallways. I was raised so differently, we could barely coexist, let alone be friends. 
     In 7th grade, you won’t find many guys as tall and willing to fight as Jonsen and Kace. The Mexican crew didn’t have a real heavy hitter to match them, but for what they lacked in a Hector type, they made up with in numbers. Kace and Jonsen would take on their whole crew in the Cafeteria. Then, after they all got suspended, they would meet up behind the local QFC and brawl some more. One by one, Jonsen would fight their whole posse, when he dinked one to the ground the next one would step right up. It wasn’t even fair–he was so much bigger and athletic. It wasn’t even that impressive.
     I would hear how Jonsen was cheating on the beautiful and sweet Nicole with the gangsterish, half-Chinese, sexy bad-girl Karen. I even heard about him and my precious Mia Illy, how he made out with her pussy. The musketeers even had a song they teased Mia with: “Mia, Mia, you’re the man. Nobody can eat a pussy like Jonsen can.” All this when I knew Jonsen was still in love with Mari Smith from our grade school class. She had gone to Kellogg, and as expected, started dating the most popular boys there. I knew she still loved him, too, but couldn’t take him back after all the cheating.
     I heard about one of the richest girls in our school, Tanya Tillman. She was kind of cute minus her general chubbiness and corresponding need to wear really tight clothing and tons of makeup. I heard how Lauren was always inviting Chris, Kyle and Morris over to her mansion in Richmond beach. How they would hang out in her hot tub and eat all her food. About how Chris wouldn’t kiss her, but finally let her suck his dick in a closet at her house. How they locked her in the closet afterward.  
     Janae was dating some guy four years older and acting too cool for everyone these days.
     When I’d watch Matt on the bus acting like he was the coolest man alive I’d smile, knowing his little secret.    
     Jonsen went on the school field trip to New York. Except for sheer formality everyone knew the school field trip was only for 8th graders only. One night Kyle and Chris grabbed John Webb, one of their roommates, out of the shower and locked him out in the hallway naked. Everyone took naked pictures of him on their cell phones. 
     Pacey was always trying to get Rachel Goody, the second coolest girl at Einstein, to give him hand jobs under the table during their science class.
     Karina Cannon was once my best kindergarten friend, we would run around the multicolored carpet all day on our hands and knees playing Lion King together. She would be Nalla and I would be Symba. Nalla and Symba would clash and fight but inevitably we would get married and start a family by the end of the day. Karina went to hang out with Jonsen and DMF after school one day. After Karina walked all the way to DMF’s, Jonsen and DMF ran inside DMF’s house and locked her outside. DMF finally agreed to let her come in on the condition that she gave him a blow job through the window first. When she finished, they shut the window and told her to go home. Better to be tricked than forced.[3]
     Above all, I heard about weed. They were all smoking weed. I heard about how Danny O, the most bad-ass, don’t give a fuck 8th grader at Einstein (his dad was in prison) was always keeping his weed in his hat because the teachers didn’t search there. About how Jonsen, Tim, Kace, and DMF would just leave school before first period and mysteriously never come back. 
     And with every story I heard, I became more certain of what I wanted. How could I live life without ever being friends with Janae, without getting Loren and Jonsen back? Without dating Mia Illy? Could you call that a life?
[3] Karina skyrocketed to popularity in middle school, on behalf of her well-developed body and penchant for weed, alcohol, and boys. Every month she got a little chubbier though, and as her muffin top grew the mole on her forehead bothered you more and more and her tight jeans and shirts became more and more trashy. By freshmen year it was all over, well she still hung around the party scene, and you always said hi when you saw her, briefly, out of respect for what she once had been.

Part 2.
11. Brandon Ledoux (Winter, 2001) 
     “Ms. Chicovic!” I waved my hand in the air beckoning our pretty science teacher over to my table. 
     “Yes, Marco?”
     “Ms. Chicovic, I love your sweater. You’re so stylish.” My worksheet partner suppressed a snicker into his shoulder.
     “Well thank you, Marco,” She laughed, “Do you have a question?”
     “Yes, we’re stumped on number 7. What is the powerhouse of the cell? Is it the DNA?” 
     “Well the DNA is like the boss of the cell, so you’re close, but the powerhouse is the Mitochondria, that’s where all the cell’s energy comes from.” 
     I tuned out everything except for ‘Mitochondria,’ and happily filled in the blank. 
     Then I shouted, “You’re the best ever, Ms. Chicovic, seriously, Ms. Chicovic, will you marry me?” This bit killed, I picked up the routine from Loren. He was always being playfully forward to cute teachers, walking the fine line between enthusiastic suck-up and flirtatious player. 
     Ms. Chicovic and everyone in my vicinity laughed except for the one person I was trying to make laugh. Brandon Ledoux, my meal ticket back to the big time. I’d been sitting behind him, or next to him, or in front of him all quarter.  
     Brandon was the head of one of the mediocrely cool 7th grade guy cliques at Einstein. Three had risen above the rest, although none were close to Jonsen, Kace, DMF and Tim. One was the skater clique, a respectable bunch of social up and comers. Another one revolved around a punk rock band a few guys had formed, “Seconds to Failure.” Lastly, there was Brandon’s clique, the sports guys. Their niche wasn’t as strong as the other groups, they weren’t sports stars or anything, but they wore basketball shorts and jerseys all the time. 
     I wasn’t good at skating or music so the sports guys were my best bet. And fate put me and Brandon Ledoux in the same science class. 
     Brandon’s masculine, G.I. Joe face came complete with a dimple in his prominent chin. He was only medium height but his puffy, shaggy naturally-highlighted blond hair made him look two inches taller. He didn’t like to smile because of his bad teeth. He listened to his headphones most of the time in class, slouched in his chair like was too cool to be there. I was the total opposite, I was always trying to show off in class, either by shouting out the next joke or getting the right answer. I prided myself on being a straight-A student. 
     Brandon knew about me too, well he knew I knew Jonsen. It was enough that he nodded at me when we made eye contact walking into class in the morning. 
     “Alright class,” Ms. Chicovic announced. “If you haven’t finished the worksheets take it home as homework. We have to talk about your end of the quarter group projects.” A pool of anxiety throbbed inside me. I’d been anticipating this partner project—it was my big opportunity. I stared at the back of Brandon’s Shawn Kemp jersey. How long until I got another opportunity like this? A year? Who else was he going to partner with? He made it very clear every day he didn’t have any friends in the class.
     “Yo, Ledoux.” I whispered, leaning forward–calling people by their last names will always be in. 
     He turned around. 
     “Be my partner.” 
     He nodded, “I’m down.”
     We didn’t talk about it again until the day before it was due. It wasn’t cool to pester your partner about science projects. We made plans to meet after school at his house.
     Standing on his porch that afternoon I knew I had to bring my A-game to get Brandon to like me. I knocked and rang the doorbell but no one answered, I walked around the well landscaped rambler and looked in the windows, but the inside was dark and empty. I waited around the porch awkwardly for a half hour before giving up. Brooding in my own despair I stayed up all night doing the project by myself. I came up with Ian the Ice-Cube, a cape wearing superhero that could transform into a solid, liquid, or gas to fight crime. 
     When I got to science class the next day Brandon looked worried sick. His headphone wearing, emotionless shield couldn’t even hide it. 
     He didn’t even have a good excuse, “I’m sorry man I forgot.” He certainly didn’t grovel, an F clearly wasn’t the end of the world for him. 
     I kept it cool, “No worries.” I handed him the big project board so he could see I put his name on it. 
     Our presentation was a success, I did all the talking, Brandon didn’t push his luck and try to talk. When we sat back down I saw a side of Brandon I’d never seen before. He was noticeably excited. 
     “Do you… Do you like wrestling?” He asked vulnerably. I paused, I knew of wrestling. But the wrestling fad had come and gone years ago. It was all staged. I looked at Brandon and wondered if this was a test, was I missing something? He seemed genuine so I took the risk.      
      “Ya, I love wrestling,” I lied. 

    16 pillows were sprawled across Brandon’s living room floor, gathered from every room in his house. I was hunched over in the middle pretending to be “dazed,” letting my arms and head dangle loosely. 
      “Do you smell what the rock is cooking?” Brandon yelled out behind me. That’s “The Rock’s” catchphrase. The Rock was the figurehead of the latest wrestling generation. Brandon was obsessed. The Rock’s catchphrase was the dumbest thing I’d ever heard—an insult to his predecessor’s “Austin 3:16 says I just whooped your ass.” But I played along for everything I was worth. 
     Brandon picked me up from behind and swung me over his side, slamming me down for the 5th time. He went for the pin but I squirmed out of it with all my force, I tried to push him onto his back and pin him down for once. He didn’t like that one bit, he stopped playing nice and kicked and clawed his way out of it. I was learning it was best to always let him win. No wonder none of Brandon’s friends liked wrestling.    
     The plan was working though, outside of the wrestling we were bonding. Brandon wasn’t as emotionless and cold as he pretended at school, deep down he had a passion for learning and was okay with being goofy. Also importantly, he liked that I had a know-it-all opinion about everything. I knew that all our shoes and were made by little girls in sweatshops and I loved to sarcastically remind everyone about it.  
     After two weeks of wrestling I even got a greater say in what we did after school. I stopped voting for wrestling and gradually we moved on. Soon we even started hanging out between classes. After doing that for a little bit he eventually encouraged me to come with him into his clique’s circle. “Come on man, come with me, it’s no big deal, I got your back.” It was my first real circle at Einstein.      
     Brandon’s three best friends were Tysen, Devin and Brian. Tysen had a pale face with a huge smile and wavy blond hair, like an innocent farm boy. Tysen was the joker of the crew, always bringing comic attention to himself–he measured up as a worthy steward, but that was my thing. Devin was a goody-to-shoes. Not beyond goggling a girl, but when he did it you couldn’t tell if he was being sincere or giving you a secret test. Brian was soft spoken and genuinely just nice. I was just so happy to be included. 
     Unfortunately, Devin, Tysen and Brian weren’t so happy. Their core group of friends had stood since first grade. And they didn’t go to an alternative grade school where everyone was more-or-less forced to include everyone like I did. Regular grade schools were super cut throat. These three had all earned it and my inclusion was clearly not a group decision, they wanted me gone. But I’d gotten a foothold and I was going to cling onto it for dear life. So I pretended not to see their unfriendly eyes and I ignored their cold body language. When Tysen dumped his plate of spaghetti on my head for laughs at lunch I fought back ferociously and dumped my spaghetti right back on his head. I’d finally made new friends. 

12. The Nug (Winter, 2001)
     I gently rubbed my finger over the enter button while I mulled over the instant message I was writing to DeezBfosho4u. 
     “Hey Jae, this is Marco. I lost Kelly’s IM could you tell her I need some weed.” I’d been doing this the past few nights, writing the text in the box without sending it. Rewriting it, taking out caps to sound cool, “yo dawg this is marco i lost kelly’s im she’s sold me some pot before.”      
     It wasn’t long after Brandon and I became friends that I’d caught a break in my other grand plan. I’d discovered my first pot lead, Jae Yang. Jae was a short stocky, asian kid with the ego of a giant. When I talked to him it only took two seconds to figure out all he wanted to do was talk about himself. I wasn’t a huge fan, you gotta be more tactful than that. But Jae was top ten in 7th grader popularity, he even had some 8th grade best friends. 
     I had P.E. with Jae, and was on his radar because Jonsen somehow knew Jae’s older sister, Kelly. We’d hung out at their house a few times. Jae had stared coldly at us from his kitchen table, eating his bowl of cereal, as Kelly led Jonsen and me down to their basement. Kelly was three years older than us. She ultimately resisted Jonsen’s charms, but she had plenty of fun flirting with him for a while. None of it was what it seemed, but to Jae, it seemed like Jonsen was the motherfucking shit, and by association I was someone to know.      
     One P.E. class, Jae and I had been awkwardly standing next to each other, waiting to run wind sprints across the gym, when for the lack of something better to say, I’d said, “Yo Jae, how’s Kelly?” 
     “She’s selling weed now,” He’d replied off handedly.
     “Ohh yaa, I heard about that.” I’d lied, super believably.  
     I was in. I’d began hatching a master plan to use Jae’s belief that I was cool to my advantage. Phase one was getting his Instant Messenger username. After a few educated inquires I’d got it through a mutual girlfriend, I wrote it down hastily on one of my binder covers: DeezBfosho4u.     
     Staring at the message for the hundredth time, I finally went for it and pressed send before nervously closing my eyes to wait for the Xylophone returned message sound effect. A few minutes passed. 
     “DOdodo.” I kept my eyes closed for thirty seconds more, afraid to see his respons.
     “Noooo screw that,” Jae had responded. Jae had a way of scoffing as if something was unbearably retarded, I imagined it through the screen as I read all the “ooo’s.” Uh oh.
     My prior attempt to buy weed had gone terribly. I’d just walked up to DMF when he was standing alone in the hall and said, “Hey we should get high sometime.” It was one of my worst ideas ever. He’d just said, “Uhhhh,” And then started laughing, as if he was so caught off guard he really didn’t know what to say. The worst part was the way he looked at me, he honestly didn’t even know I existed. He’d probably written the whole incident out of his mind in a second, dismissing it as some weird, unexplainable occurrence.
     I wallowed in despair in front of my computer.
     “DOdodo.” Jae sent me another message.
     “I got a way better connection bro, go through me bro, my sisters way skimpy, trust me, my guy’s got the fattest sacks.” 
     “Oh ok,” I typed excitedly, not knowing what “skimpy” or “fattest sacks” meant. 
     “So how much do you want?” He wrote back instantaneously. I’d clearly stumbled onto Jae’s favorite topic of conversation. 
     “How much do you sell?” I tried. I hadn’t thought this far ahead. I was shooting blind at this point. On the other side of the screen, Jae grinned smugly. 
     He made a big profit, but on a smoggy Friday morning, Jae sold weed to a naive, innocent 7th grader who had no business buying weed. We met like two secret agents on the outskirts of Einstein, he reached out his fist and dropped the baggy into my waiting hand. Then we went our separate ways. I immediately shoved the baggy into my underwear. My pulse beat harder with every step I took deeper into campus. All I wanted to do was go to the bathroom and look at the weed, but I was too scared. I went through class looking at the door every two seconds, certain the vice principle was going to show up and call my name. I didn’t get to savor the satisfaction of having weed in my underwear while reading out loud in honors English, and solving equations on the big board in math class. It was even worse during the car ride with my mom and step dad over to Duncan’s house that night, constantly aware that life would not go on if they smelled the odor. 
     It was all worth it. I walked into Duncan’s basement, threw the baggy on his coffee table and sat down next to him like nothing happened. Duncan was speechless, trying to piece together what was happening. 
     “Is that weed, Marco?” He calmly inquired after a moment. 
     “Maybe,” I replied mysteriously. The baggy sat alone for five minutes while we tried to out chill each other. When he finally picked it up to investigate, my own urges became too much and I began trying to grab it from him. I had to feel it again. We fought over holding it, touching the sticky texture, smelling the bizarre aroma. The weed was just one solid, really hard green thing. Not fluffy and spread out in small bits like I’d always imagined. Jae had called what he sold me a “nug.” He’d kept going on and on about how big of a nug it was, how he was the best hook up ever. My favorite part had been how tightly and crisply rolled up the bag had been before I opened it. 
     I kept unsuccessfully rolling the baggy as tightly as I could to try and duplicate the way Jae had originally wrapped it. 
     Duncan told me his big weed story again even though I’d heard it a dozen times. 
     In 4th grade his mom and her friends let him puff on a pipe they were passing around. It was a stupid story because it had a terrible ending–Duncan couldn’t even say for sure if he’d gotten high or not. I’d demand he think harder and remember, but he just couldn’t say. 
     Soon I’d have my own weed story to brag about. We had to roll it up though, I knew that was what you had to do. Like cigarettes. Plus, one of our friends from the neighborhood went through a phase where he’d meticulously pick out a variety of colorful plants from his garden to roll up in newspaper and smoke. We’d laugh and make fun of him, then we’d puff on one with him. It was always quite a debate whether anyone was actually getting high or not. 
     I instructed Duncan to get me some newspaper and some tape. I pulled apart the nug into smaller chunks and lined them up on the paper. I roll it all up the best I could and used a small piece of scotch tape to keep it together. Then I put the concoction in my mouth and pretended to smoke it over and over while we waited for his Dad to go to bed. 
     I could hear his dad’s dateline murder mystery through the living room floor boards above. “The sleepy little town had no idea there was a monster on the prowl.” With every creak and cough from above I looked up alertly in the hopes of picking up some signal that he was finally going to bed.   
     I ran through my head whether this was the right thing to do. As much nervous and scared as excited. I reweighed the risks over and over. Everyone knew pot was the training wheels of all drugs, if you were going to do one, might as well be the absolute safest. I mean, I’d never do cocaine. I wouldn’t bike down dead-man’s hill, but pot had never killed anyone in the history of the world. 
     I thought about all my idols that smoked pot: Jonsen, Janae, Mia, Pacey, Loren. If they all ended up drug addicts or dead what would be the point of living anyways? I thought about Bob Marley, my dad’s favorite musician. Bob Marley smoked weed his entire life. In fact, Rastafarians believed smoking pot was the key to happiness. I’d read that the Rastafarians lost all sense of time after a while. How liberating. My dad had never touched a drug in his life. My nervous, anxious dad who ruined our family. My dad who sets all his clocks ten minutes ahead so he was never late. I thought deeply about it, but I’d made my decision long ago. 
     When Duncan’s dad finally went to sleep we walked up to his kitchen then into his backyard. Arrogantly, we didn’t open the creaky back door that quietly, or walk that softly when went outside. It was understood that once Duncan’s dad went to sleep, he slept like a rock, because of the drinking. 
     The winter air was freezing, we shivered as we walk to the back of the yard, by the big back fence. I lit a match and put it to one end. Once the newspaper caught on fire the whole thing kind of burst into a big flame. In a frenzy, I put my lips to the one end and sucked as quickly as possible. 
     Freeze.
     I felt a feeling in my throat I’d never felt before. I felt a suffocating pressure, like a quarter was being jammed down my esophagus. Then it itched, it itched so bad I wanted to claw my tongue out. I threw the joint to the ground and managed to stomp on it three or four times before beginning to cough uncontrollably. Duncan started cracking up laughing. Then he got scared my coughing and his laughing was going to wake up his dad so he prodded me back inside. The whole way I was still coughing and he was still laughing. This is the worst feeling ever, I thought, this is the worst idea ever. It was one of those awful experiences that makes you not want to ever do something again. 
     Duncan wanted to know if I was high, I told him I didn’t know, I didn’t think so. While I was downing glasses of water on the couch the discomfort and fear started to lift. 
     He didn’t think so either. 
     Duncan imitated the face I made when I inhaled, eyes closed as tight as possible with a big frown like a dying person. I laughed really hard. 
     Duncan continued to imitate me, “Hey Duncan, wanna try some of this joint? ‘Sure Marco I’d like to try,’” he reached the invisible joint out tauntingly before throwing it to the ground and stomping it out. I was laughing ferociously. Duncan thought it was odd I was so giggly. He pretended to be really upset that I was laughing so much, he theatrically kept demanding that I stop this instant, which made me laugh more. 
      “Stop laughing Marco, just stop it right now.” He finally concluded I was either high or just really goofy. I agreed. High or not, I laughed as hard as I’ve ever laughed that night.  

13. Nora (Winter, 2001)
     Brandon’s crew’s favorite spot to hang out was at Brian’s house. His family owned a three story mansion right by Einstein. They had the most comfy sofa sectional I’d ever sprawled out on. We’d all just dive onto it and collapse after school. He had a freezer full of all the otterpops and Costco microwave snacks you could eat. He even had a trampoline. 
     After school our clique arrived at Brian’s to find three girls sitting on his trampoline. We pretended not to notice them and headed inside but one yelled to us, “Your mom said we could use your trampoline, Brian.” 
     Brandon told me that was Abbie Till, Brian’s next door neighbor. He told me Abbie was our age and went to a private school. I was intrigued. Private school girls had a way of just looking straight through you, it was irresistible.      
     “Hey boys.” A flirtatious raspy voice called out to us as we were halfway through the screen door. This caused all three girls to break out in laughter and forced me to do an immediate double take. Very few girls had the confidence to say something so forward, this was rare. Not to be out flirted by a girl, slowly our group migrated over to the edge of the trampoline. 
     Abbie was tall and blond, borderline cute. Her mouth was a metal concoction of braces and rubber bands. Her friend Nora was beautiful, the perfect amount of beautiful, meaning I actually believed I could possibly woo her. Her face was like a cherubic angel, rounded cutely in all the right places. 
     Who gives a crap about faces, I thought, her boobies are as swollen as a grown women. I puffed up and beamed with pride every time I thought about my brand new appreciation of boobs, I’d dreaded for so long it would never happen to me.
     Abbie’s other friend was Oakley, she was the skando who’d enticingly called to us. She was skinny with bobbed black hair, flat chested. 
     I felt so bad for flat chested girls. I’d always think about overhearing a super popular 8th grader, Hilary Thompson, nastily say about another girl, “She’s on the itty, bitty titty committee.” Oakley’s face was pretty though, her tiny mouth, thin nose and small sharp dimples all bunched together cutely underneath her big, sharp dark eyes and broad forehead. She had olive skin just like me. But the deal breaker was the dark werewolf hairs twirling around her arms and upper lip. A black forest connected her eyebrows. She was the hairiest girl I’d ever seen. It was all yuck with a side of gross. 
     We all talked by the trampoline. We asked them where they lived, who they knew. (This was back before plain getting to know you questions didn’t bore girls to death like the plague).
     Oakley excitedly answered for all three of them. She’s such a chatty Cathy, I observed, it’s borderline obnoxious.
     I wasn’t even paying attention to what she was babbling on about, I was focused on Nora, Nora who didn’t utter a sound. It made me want her even more, she was so mysterious. She must be thinking about how boring we are, I wondered. I’d instantly fallen in love with her, I wanted to marry her. 
     Us guys decided to play a two hand touch football game in the field coincidently right next to the trampoline. All of us played our hardest, like knights jousting for Nora’s colors. We all loved Nora.
     Nora never came back to Abbie’s house after that. No matter how many times I prayed and prayed for months afterwards. Every time we went to Brian’s house my hopes would skyrocket, just to inevitably crash. 
     Oakley was at Abbie’s a lot though. When we spent the night at Brian’s we’d talk to Abbie and Oakley on the phone for hours. Sweet nothings. Someone would pass the phone to me while I was playing video games and I’d half attentively say “Hey, so what are you doing?”
      “Nothing, sitting on the couch watching T.V., what are you doing?” Oakley’s voice would come through the other line. 
     Oakley talked as if her voice was girly and high pitched, and half of it was, but the other half had something scratchy to it, like a kinky princess.  
      “Eating an otter pop,” I’d respond, “What are you doing now?”
      “Well now I’m walking to Abbie’s kitchen, what are you doing?” The conversations would go on and on like this. I was never that into talking with Oakley and Abbie, they were just a bad reminder of Nora. 

14. Sarah Faith Hall (Spring, 2002)
     Tysen, Brandon, Devin, Brian and I were standing in our circle in the rec hall, sheltered from the hundreds of bustling preteens around us. Safe from the judgments and critiques. I watched an Arab kid maneuver around a circle of 7th grade guys adjacent to us, fighting to squeeze in. They blocked him out. He frantically stood in no man’s land for a few painful moments before fleeing the area. I felt bad for him, but if he came to my circle I would ignore him too, position my body to keep him out, scowl.
     “I can’t believe you’re officially a man.”
     Tyson’s booming voice brought me back to the moment. He had his hands on Brandon’s shoulders giving him a neck massage. That was one of the things I loved about Tysen, he was always touching you. He had a very masculine persona so he could pull it off–no one thought he was gay, just goofy. I touched and hugged my friends occasionally, draped my arm over their necks, but one of Tysen’s things was touching guys affectionately, he owned that. Sometimes I would reflexively squirm out of it at first, but most of the time I loved it when he put his arm over my shoulder.  
     “Tell me all about it.” Tysen continued. 
     He was now bouncing up and down, riled up over the big news that Brandon fingered his girlfriend for the first time over the weekend. That’s another thing I loved about Tysen, his boyish giddiness for anything related to sex. He masturbated like three times a day. 
     “There’s nothing to tell.” 
     Brandon’s patented no-big-deal act didn’t give away anything more than a slight grin, but I felt the ultra-smugness he must have been feeling. I was livid. Kane staring at Able. And he was standing there with that superior look, like he did it all on his own. If it wasn’t for me, Brandon would have never in a million years even met his girlfriend.
     We’d met her at an Einstein girls’ volleyball game. We’d gone to ogle the players. 
That’s when we saw her–a blond angel–playing for the visitors, the Meadowdale Vikings. She was a 1 in 10,000 beauty. The type of beauty that makes you want to kill yourself. After listening to everyone comment about how perfect she was for the first set, in a moment of hormone driven genius and total discontentment towards god, I’d started heckling her for laughs. 
     “Hey number 4. What’s up?”
     She’d totally ignored me at first. My friends were in stitches though. Well, except for Devin, he’d hit me in the leg, his bulging eyes urging me to be quiet.   
     When she did something good I’d yell, “Great form, number 4.” And when she’d mess up I’d yell, “It’s alright 4, that one wasn’t your fault, you got it next time girl.” 
     Eventually she’d started cracking, letting out reactions, smiles and bursts of laughter. She’d become distracted, sneaking more and more glances at us—she was not doing good. But it was clear that she really liked the attention and our whole group started getting in on the fun. We’d cheer loudly when she came in the game, and yell at the coach when he took her out. 
     “What are you doing coach, why in god’s name would you bench your best player?” 
     There were like ten other people scattered over the empty bleachers. We owned the room. She’d kept looking and laughing and, by the end of the game, our group felt comfortable enough to go talk to her. But Tysen, Brandon, and Devin had some charisma themselves and once they had the green light they were on it. 
     I’d stood back. I didn’t try to fight them for her attention. I couldn’t. I was hideous. There was just no way. Somehow in the frenzy Brandon got her number. Her name was Sarah Faith Hall.     
     “Her parents have a no closed doors policy,” Brandon’smile now had a hint of disgust, “They even have MTV blocked.” I knew the story he’s telling. I was there. I was there on all their dates. I was the comic relief, the awkward silence patrol–well me and Avi Miller. 
     I was slowly integrating Avi into the group and it was going well, even though it was an incredibly delicate feat. I wasn’t like Jonsen. I didn’t just leave my best friends behind. I loved Avi. He could remember an inside joke after everyone had forgotten, then bring down the house months later with a well-placed, “Forgetting about my cat-like reflexes was your first mistake.”    
     So while Brandon and Sarah were adoringly staring into each other’s eyes and making out in the theater, Avi and I were next to them snorting pixie sticks, making endless drug jokes and laughing our loudest at ourselves. “I gotta get my stick fix.”   
     Sarah was the real deal, personality wise she had “it.” She talked to you as if you were best friends. Her light freckles, perfect teeth, and maddening us of MTV slang words like “tight” and “crib” were just the icing on the cake. I felt like it was fate that I had met her. If there was a god, someday we would be together. 
     There was another reason Avi and I were always around–Sarah’s mom didn’t like Brandon. Brandon didn’t care if parents liked him, he was quiet, cold, acted entitled around them. Parents had to pry to get him to say a word. But Avi and I might have been the best mom-sucker-uppers in the world. We couldn’t help ourselves. That’s just what we did. 
     “Thank you so much for the cookies Mrs. Hall. How was your day Mrs. Hall? You’re so cool Mrs. Hall.”        
     “How did you know where it was?” Tysen asked. 
     “Just keep reaching down and you’ll feel something wet eventually.” 
     In my head I listened to Sarah fight to hold in her reluctant, soft moans. Avi and I had been pretending to play chess on the floor, grinning at each other, keeping an eye out for her parents. Deep down we were both devastated, we both love her too. 
     “It’s so wet and slippery.” Brandon recollected.
     With this detail Tysen started hopping for joy again. Then, in a moment of deep philosophical thought, Tysen put on a serious face, “Brandon has done something none of us have ever done, guys.”
     “I guess you’re right,” Brandon agreed after a humble pause. 
     That was that. I absolutely couldn’t take anymore. I had to crash this little party. 
     “I’ve smoked pot,” I interjected. 
     Everyone’s eyes turned. 
     “When?” Brandon was caught in rare a moment of public rashness. 
     “With Duncan. I’m just saying that’s something I’ve done that you guys haven’t done.” It came off innocent enough.
     The group fell into awkward silence. I hadn’t told anyone before. I wasn’t sure if I’d gotten high, it didn’t make a very good story. Brandon and I stared tensely at each other. I wasn’t backing down. 
     The lunch bell rang. 

     That was that, a week later I was holding a phone jarringly to my ear in Brandon’s living room while Brandon and Brian jumped silently around me, cheering me on. Tysen had said “no,” we didn’t even ask Devin. This time I decided to go through Jonsen to get some. I decided to just call his house like old times and ask for him. 
     “Hey Marco, what’s up dawg?” It was nerve-racking to hear his voice. The unfinished business between us made every moment awkward.  
     “Hey, can you get me some weed, Jonsen?”
     Pause.
     “I don’t sell weed man.” 
     “Jonsen motherfucking Palmer, get me some motherfucking weed” I bellowed in my most playfully demanding voice, trying to disarm the tension. To remind him how funny I was.
     “Alright, how much do you want?”
     “40” I said, I knew some shit this time around, I sounded believable. “And a pipe.”
     Not long after that Jonsen just strolled everything over to Brandon’s house.  
     “What’s up you crazy kids?” He said playfully when we let him in the front door. It sounded like something someone once said to him. It was the first time I’d spoken to him in person in six months. It seemed like an eternity. 
     “Nothing,” Me and Brandon echoed. Jonsen was the same age as us but he was years older. He changed the way he acted with us, he toned down his slang and overall masculinity. 
     “3.7 grams on the dot,” He said proudly. “I watched him weigh it.” He wanted to make it clear he got a great deal for an old friend. We had no way to verify the weight, but we absolutely believed him. I was in awe of his classiness, god I loved him. 
     After Jonsen left it took us a few times to figure out you had to light the weed and suck through the pipe at the same time. But in the interim we acted high, might as well, no one could say for sure if we were or not. We hyperly ran around and goofily jumped on each other. We piled in Brandon’s wheelbarrow and rode it down the street. 
     Once we finally figure it out it was a different experience for everybody. Brandon couldn’t stop eating, Brian was zonked out. We all laughed at each other. It made a great story. They quickly became our favorite stories. 
     In those early weeks, something I’d heard stuck in my head. Brandon had told me, that Kace had told him—in their Math class—that he always felt soo relaxed the next day after smoking pot. Because of the residual effect. 
     Kace’s words were never far from my mind when I woke up the next morning after smoking pot. If Kace said it, it was probably true. Then I would look deep down inside myself and objectively determine that yes I did feel more relaxed. Once I came to this conclusion, my crooked teeth didn’t bother me so much when I smiled. I cared less about the stupid comments the over achievers, chatty kathies, and stupid kids made in class about the war or history or whatever. I felt chill. I’d finally discovered the key to happiness, I always knew I’d eventually find it. It felt phenomenal. 

15. Crack Shack (Summer, 2002)
     On a warm summer evening I left the safety of the main road street lights and took off sprinting down the black gloomy road to Jonsen’s house. A serial killer crouching in the surrounding hedges watched me the entire way until I reached the safety of Jonsen’s house lights. 
     Jonsen’s house didn’t have parents anymore. Shrouded by big hedges at the end of a secluded cul-de-sac, the run-down cars and overgrown brown grass in Jonsen’s front yard weren’t an intolerable eye sore for the neighbors. They cared more about the noise late at night and the questionable characters that hung outside all day smoking cigarettes. Someone once dubbed it “The Crack Shack,” and it stuck. I thought it was a stupid and crude nickname–no one was smoking crack–but the Palmer litter weren’t ones to question the unwritten nicknaming street code. So they adopted the nickname and used it.
     There was a group of tall unfriendly figures standing around Jonsen’s porch in the darkness. Jonsen’s older sibling’s friends. I didn’t know who they were and I didn’t care. If they tried to talk to me I would just say, “I’m here to see Jonsen” and keep moving. As an easy target these weren’t the types to spend any time talking with. Chances were if they spoke to you it was because they wanted to mess with you. 
     I walked up the porch and pushed through Jonsen’s clunky wooden door. It was never locked. Inside, Jonsen’s living room looked like someone just stopped halfway through a move, obscure desks and things like bikes and boxes full of papers were stacked and scattered around. His living room computer was gone but the big computer desk was still there. In the corner, a futon and a sofa had been paired at an angle around a T.V. More strange older people were slouched on the futon.
     I headed through the house, up the creaky, narrow wooden staircase to Jonsen’s room. Garbage, like chip bags and toilet paper, were just flattened into the floor. Disturbed and on alert I watched my step, careful about what I touched. I’d think about the kids in Africa and remind myself this wasn’t so bad really. I wouldn’t want to live there though.
     Jonsen’s room was at the end of the upstairs hall, the door was open and the lights were on. His room was big and surprisingly bare except for two big piles of clothes, a futon, and a cool poster sketch of some kind of futuristic solider on the wall. Jonsen was lying on his futon reading one of the biggest books I’d ever seen.
     “Damnnn Jonsen, could you have picked a bigger book?” I said in an encouraging tone, with a breathless hint of contempt. People were always saying how smart Jonsen was. I wasn’t willing to give him that too. Ya, he was always reading, but he never had cable or the internet. What else was he gonna do? 
     “It’s ‘The Count of Monty Cristo,’ you read it?”	
     “Ya,” I lied from underneath the doorway. Well, I’d seen the movie. But there was no way I was letting Jonsen out smart me on top of everything else.
     “It’s soo good,” He said enthusiastically. 
     “What part are you at?” I reflected on the irony that he was reading this huge book and yet he’d hardly done a day of homework in his life.
     Before he could answer, his littlest sister, Julita, came running up the stairs shrieking, “Jonsen.” Julita was a year younger than us. When we were younger she would have done anything just to play with us in the backyard. Even then I knew it was only a matter of time before she became hella ghettoized just like her older sister. Cut off belly white-t and sweatpants that have been rolled down from the waist ghetto.
     “Hey Marco,” She said warmly when she noticed me.
     “Jonsen.” She screamed again. I cringed. “Krissi wants to know if you’re rolling with us to Stacia’s later. She said she’s down if you bring that 5th cause’ she wants to get bent.”
     “Is Nicki gonna be there Chiquita?” 
     They were talking about people I didn’t know using words I didn’t know. I zoned out, I’d be gone soon anyways. 
     I’d been a busy bee that summer since I started smoking pot, working to get Jonsen back. Brandon was gone for the summer at his dad’s. In his absence, Avi, Tysen, Devin, Brian, and I had formed a loose association of a summer friends. But, by far, my new favorite pursuit was going over to Jonsen’s for weed every two weeks. I couldn’t push it more than that, I didn’t want to come off as desperate. By no means were me and Jonsen friends again. Drug buying 101 was the more you bought at once, the more you got. Jonsen and his friends had the connections, and I had a 20 dollar a week allowance. I was walking the fine line between being a business acquaintance and being a friend. 
     There was a rumbling downstairs and then a big boom of laughter. A group of stampeding footsteps charged up the creaky staircase. I pushed myself flat against the wall to avoid Kace, Tim, and Jonsen’s brother Josh as they came blowing past me into the room. Julita went back downstairs. 
     “Jonsen.” Josh exclaimed as he sprinted through the door first. “Kace said he’s gonna let me hit it.”
     “You got it?” Jonsen excitedly asked Tim and Kace. 
     “Chaaa dawgy” Kace said. Kace talked with that gangster twang, like every syllable was worth fighting over. His whole butt was hanging out into his boxers. He jumped on top of Jonsen, straddling his prone body. “It took us so long cause we had to stop off at Lita’s on the way cause lil’ Timy is trying to beat those cakes.” Then Kace began demonstrating by dry humping Jonsen from behind, circularly grinding his boxers on Jonsen’s butt. Jonsen started laughing uncontrollably.
     Tim had an oversized sweatshirt on and a baseball hat tipped back, barely holding onto his head. Neither of them acknowledged me or even made eye contact with me. It was always like that when I was around them. Tim sat down on top of one of the piles of clothes and pulled a bag of weed, a scale, and a box of Ziploc baggies out of his huge sweatshirt pocket. Tim’s childish baby face couldn’t have been more out of place holding all that paraphernalia in his lap. Like me, Tim still hadn’t even started puberty, he looked like a 5th grader. According to the odds, this made his popularity not only an anomaly, it was a sin. He was the epitome of cool, he’d made it farther than anyone, and we’d just started. Tim was nice to me sometimes, too. He knew what it was like. 
     Kace had never been on the bottom, he never lowered his gaze. Kace had peculiar good looks, mainly because of his hawk nose. If you caught him out of the corner of your eye something was off just enough to make you look again, and again, and again. I hated him. He was such a dumb bully. He failed ridiculously easy middle school classes. I’d love to see him try and write a paper on themes in “Kite Runner,” I thought.
     Kace sat up to a sitting position on top of Jonsen’s body. “Where’s that tonsil tickler piece at Palmer?” Kace might not have known much about history or politics, but he could think up twenty different words for partying, skating or girls on the spot. 
     Tim and Kace had the full slick talking repertoire, they knew all the slang words. They had something to say about everything, even cars. When nice cars rode by I couldn’t think of anything to say to save my life. 
     Worst of all, Kace always had the best things to say when he was up in somebody’s face. “You can’t even chew gum your teeth are so spaced out homie. Straight Jurassic Park teeth. How have you not bitten off your gums yet with those?” They called it “street smarts,” and Kace was a street prodigy. 
     “It’s in my sweatshirt,” Jonsen wheezed breathily under Kace’s weight. “Get it, Josh.” 
     Josh started going through one of the piles of clothes until he pulled out a pipe made out of taped together plastic tubes. “Oh yeaa, I forgot you had this busted thing. It totally does look like a mushroom tip,” Josh agreed with a chuckle. It was supposed to be funny because the shaft of the pipe was very thick and long like a penis. Penis jokes are so clever, I thought. 
     “Weigh Marco out a twamp Timy,” Jonsen instructed while pushing Kace off him to roll up. A twamp meant twenty dollars’ worth of weed. I’d been soaking up the slang like faster than feathers in an oil spill, even though I refused to use it myself.  
     “I gotcha, cutty,” Tim glimpsed up at me smiling. He was juggling three different baggies while holding the scale in his lap. I felt a sense of relief. The biggest fear was that you would get jacked. That they would decide you weren’t worth it anymore and just take your money as a parting gift. It wasn’t about the money, it was about them not liking you.  
     “So Lita’s jockin?” Jonsen asked Tim. “You hit it, Timy?” 
     Lita was arguable the hottest 7th grader at Einstein. She was half-Mexican and the perfect amount of exotic. She’d grown her curves before all the other girls. I had math class with Lita and would steal glances at her all period. She was so nice and sweet to everyone. She loved to flirt, even with me when we were in the same group, she’d touch your arm when she laughed and look you right in the eye. My ears had perked up to full alert at the mention of her name, deep down I started hoping she didn’t get with Tim. Lita was the end all be all. Kace, Tim and Jonsen might have been light years ahead of everyone, but the game wasn’t over yet…
     “Timy W was all like ‘Girl what’s up with the domes,’ and when she wouldn’t give it up we bounced,” Kace blurted out in his best half-kidding cocky persona. Everyone laughed. I knew what dome meant, blowjob, Loren was always using that one. I laughed loudly in the hopes Kace would see me laughing. Look at me, I hoped, I know what dome means too.
     Embarrassed, Tim didn’t look up from his work, super chill he said, “Nah, nothing happened.” Very few kids could act as unfazed as Tim Wright. [4] 
     Josh reached the pipe out towards Tim and said, “Load that shit.”

     Tim was putting the final touches on my baggy, licking and crisply rolling it up. “1.4 grams” Tim told me, “Cause this shit’s fire.” 
[4] As Jay-Z would say, “The nets could go 0 for 82 and I’d look at you like shit’s gravy.”
     “Okay,” I said in my most monotone voice as I walked over to take the bag, making it clear to everyone I wasn’t an idiot.   
     Kace’s gaze accidently ran into mine as I walked back across the room. I immediately looked away, but not before catching the sneer on his face, the hint of disgust. 
     What did he hate the most? I thought. Was it my clothes, my Quicksilver, navy blue long sleeve shirt? My pitiful attempt to kind of sag, with my boxers more hanging out the top of my jeans than actually wearing my pants that low? It must have been my beaded metal necklace, or just my general chubbiness, my crooked and gapped teeth. Maybe it was because I was proud to be book smart. Maybe it was just everything combined; he must have hated one most of all though. Someday I was going to find it and make him like me.
     “Want to match a bowl?” Jonsen asked me out of formality as I turned towards the door. 
     “Nah, I’m late to get to Duncan’s,” I wasn’t late and I purposely name dropped Duncan because he was my most popular friend, even if he was at Kellogg. I wanted to stay, these were the three coolest 7th graders at Einstein. But I had some dignity, and they clearly didn’t want me around. 
     “Thanks Jonsen. Bye Kace, Tim, Josh.” With my head held high I politely addressed each one of them as I said bye, they weren’t taking that away from me, I didn’t give a fuck. 
     I scampered down the stairs and out the door, just relieved I didn’t get jacked. I’d lived to see another day. They could stand me just enough to take my money.  

16. Waiting (Summer, 2002)
     I‘d been planning this day for three weeks. We were supposed to get drunk for the first time before Jordan Gillette’s big “end of summer/start of 8th grade” house party. Everyone was gonna be there, Seconds to Failure was even performing. Jordan Gillette was an aspiring 7th grade socialite at Einstein. She knew how to smile big with wide open eyes. Jordan was quick to get along with anyone and she loved Brandon, they’d grown up from kindergarten together. But Jordan’s party started at six, there was no way Brandon and I were going to be able to get drunk and make it there on time now. We were going to miss the whole thing. 
     At Eleven that morning Brandon had given Kace his money and we’d watched him walked off to meet his “people”. I’d been so happy then, so excited. It was now five and Kace wasn’t answering our calls, not even when we called from Tim’s cell. With every passing hour I’d drifted further into a state of absolute agony. I was now in mental purgatory, sitting on Jonsen’s couch watching “Saving Private Ryan” for the tenth time. Becoming more certain by the minute we were getting jacked. The gears in my mind were churning fast, the plan was falling apart. We’d made promises, bragged about how we were getting drunk, even told people we’d save them some. 
     Jonsen and Tim didn’t know what was taking Kace so long, or why he wasn’t answering his phone. But they reassured us not to worry. Maybe, just maybe, there is still time, I hoped. If Kace can get here right now we can still pull it off…
     Jonsen and Tim were waiting with us. They made an effort to keep it a secret at first. But all Tim and Jonsen wanted to do while they waited was see how many times they could say “mushies” or “shroomies” in secret code right in front of Brandon and me. They were waiting on magic mushrooms, a hundred dollars’ worth. Once they’d realized what they’d done they swore Brandon and I to secrecy. It would’ve been a reputation damaging rumor if it got out. Alcohol and weed were harmless and cool, magic mushrooms were dangerous and stupid. Jonsen, Tim and Kace cared less what was cool though, they made cool. 
     To pass the time we’d been smoking a ton of weed, Brandon bought a ton with the money he’d made working at his dads over the summer. No matter how much we smoked it didn’t help. Waiting for our alcohol was worse than waking up for school in the morning, going to church, and doing homework combined.
     I looked over at Tim, he was lying on his back on Jonsen’s dirty wooden floor with his feet propped up against the front screen door. Occasionally he unleashed a barrage of kicks to the screen. The waiting was clearly getting the best of him too. 
     “Jonsen.” Tim cried, pretending like he was dying. “Can you believe we’re finally going to actually do mushies, dawg?” 
     “I know right. We’ve been talking about it for soo long.” 
     God they were so far ahead of us, it wasn’t even fair. A ping of jealousy hit me, I wanted to be a part of their big new adventure. Magic Mushrooms were supposed to take you to a whole other world. I could only imagine the stories. But everyone said it made your brain bleed. Like permanent brain damage stuff. 
     Tim let out a preemptive burst of laughter before speaking, “Remember when Marty bought those mushies from your bro Jonsen?”
     “Ya Dude. He was running around the house screaming about how sharks were chasing him, he finally barricaded himself in the bathroom all night.” 
     We all laughed, it sounded like a living nightmare. But how bad could they be if Marty did them? He was 12. I concluded very logically that I would let Jonsen be the guinea pig before deciding. Besides, shrooms were hella expensive.
     A car pulled up in the driveway. Jonsen perked his head up and looked out the window. I froze with anticipation. 
     “I think that’s Choppy,” Jonsen exclaimed. Choppy or Chops is what they called Kace. 
     I was overjoyed, I smiled at Brandon and then got up and looked out the window. There was a red mustang parked just outside the driveway, a really fat guy that looked like he was thirty got out with a skinny tall blond girl. Kace finally appeared climbing out of the back seat. The trio walked in the front door. 
      “Yo what up lil’ Timy.” The man said reaching down to pull Tim up off the ground. The man’s bulging gut pushed out repulsively, propping his shirt up like a tent.  
     Tim greeted the older man as if they’d been friends for forever, “Chillen, bro.” They gave each other a hi five-handshake into hug. My brain twisted trying to figure out how in the world Tim and Kace were homies with this guy. It was dumbfounding. They didn’t give any clues away while they talked. I checked out the dude’s girl, she was busted, hella sickly skinny, bad teeth, pale. I immediately despised both of these strangers. But in his great beautiful amazing hand, the man was holding a huge brown paper bag that glowed captivatingly in the daylight.     
     The dude finally handed the bag over to Kace and headed out with his girl. Halfway out the door he yelled back in a mockingly stern voice “Now don’t you little punks get into too much trouble.” We all fake laughed for him. What a loser.
     Kace walked over to Brandon and swung it over to him in a grand gesture. Brandon pretended like it was no big deal and didn’t even look in the bag. He just held it. This drove me berserk. As I was standing next to him he could feel my body language, my stare pestering him to let me see inside the bag of treasures. He finally reached in and pulled out the half gallon. It wasn’t nearly as big as I imagined. Not 60 dollars big. And it was plastic, I was puzzled why it was plastic and the other bottles I’d seen before were glass. 
      Eventually, I was able to pry the half gallon away from Brandon. I cupped my hand around the long, narrow bottle neck top and turned the bottle upside down and then back again. I felt the weight. I felt the coarse indents in the sides of the bottle, puzzling out that they were there to let you hold it easier. 
     All of all my anticipation suddenly flipped into fear. I was hit with the realization that soon I was actually going to have to drink the stuff. What a funny thing, I mused.   
     “We gotta go,” I said to Brandon hurriedly. 
     “Hold up,” Brandon said, he loved being in the presence of Kace, Tim and Jonsen. He always lingered way too long in my opinion. I loved being in their presence too, but you couldn’t be so obvious about it. Plus, I’d promised Bree Bechtel I would be at Jordan’s. Cute, flirty Bree, god she flirted with everyone and I loved it. 
     “Nah man we gotta go,” I insisted.
     “Where are you going?” Smug asshole Kace asked, taking the bait. 
     “Jordan Gillette’s party,” I bragged, safe in knowing that Kace, Tim and Jonsen couldn’t pretend to be interested in a formal, parent chaperoned party. Even though it was kind of cool. 
     “Aw tight” Kace replied hollowly, like he’d stopped paying attention to me before I began.  
     “Well before you go aren’t you gonna let me and Timy hit the half gal?” Kace directed the question to me but I took the easy way out and looked at Brandon, I wasn’t going to say no to him, and technically the half gal was Brandon’s.  
     “Ya definitely,” Brandon responded. 
     Goddamnit Brandon, I yelled inside my head. 

17. Jordan Gillete’s Party
     Brandon, Tim, Kace and I were standing in a circle in the secret space between the local elementary school fence and the surrounding mounds of blackberry bushes. Jonsen didn’t want Brandon and me getting drunk at his house in case we got sick or hurt so it was a practical, discrete spot for us to drink on our way to Jordan’s party. On the ground a crushed McDonald’s Apple Pie case and beer can alerted me that homeless people might hangout back here.
     Brandon took the half gallon out of his backpack and opened the top. Slightly shivering from excitement and nervousness, I was glad Brandon had to go first. In an attempt to appear badass. Brandon didn’t waste any time, he put the bottle quickly to his lips and tilted it upward. He held it there for a second before aborting abruptly. He did his best to hide his discomfort but his whole face turned red and finally he bent over and started coughing up phlegm on his hands and knees. For a second we all assumed he was gonna throw up. Kace and Tim started cracking up. 
     “Dude’s gonna get sooo faded.” Tim commented. 
     “Damn, remember those days Timy? Straight faded,” Kace agreed, somewhere between lamenting and bragging. “Wanna show em how it’s done, Timy W?” Kace asked Tim, provocatively waving the bottle at him.   
     I hated that word, “faded,” it was so dumb, they thought they were the shit just because they said, “faded.”
     Tim took the half gallon and put it to his mouth, Kace started counting. I watched Tim’s adam’s apple move in and out in awe as he took huge gulps. 
     “1, 2, 3,” Kace counted slowly. 
     Tim finally put it down, letting out a big “Woooeee son.” 
     “That’a boy kid,” Kace praised him. “That’s how you take a swig right there son.” 
Kace went next. I was wound up with anticipation like a 6 year old right before his turn in show and tell. What was I going to do when all eyes were on me?
     “So there’s gonna be hella girls at Jordan Gillette’s party, huh?” Kace asked after he hit it, looking intimidatingly at me as I took the bottle. I spent hours every week fantasizing about fighting Kace. Triumphantly kicking his ass against all odds in front of our entire school. In reality, I never made so much as the slightest impolite gesture towards him. I fought him the only way I knew how, with kindness, the utmost friendliness, no matter how clear he made it that he didn’t like me at all. 
     “Yep” I said with a big smile. As if to show him that yes, I like girls too, we have so much in common. 
     “We should roll with them, Tim,” Kace said. 
     Oh noo, I thought, they can’t come, they’re going to steal all the girls. 
     “Ya, definitely you should,” Brandon chimed in with a new found composure, somewhat standing up straight again, still clearly recovering from his ordeal.    
     Everyone was waiting for me, I took off the bottle cap and smelled inside, it reeked, my stomach scrunched up into a ball just smelling it. 
     “Let’s do the damn thing” I said, it’s my favorite bump up phrase. I’d stolen it from Loren, the last time I saw him he said it like 5 times. I plugged my nose. The grand idea I came up with while waiting my turn was to plug my nose. With my other hand grasping the half gallons neck I pushed the bottle high into the air and went for it. I powered through a big gulp before feeling like I had to throw up. I closed my mouth and paused for a few seconds with the liquor resting against my lips, weathering the immediate storm. I didn’t puke, barely, and I started to get used to the nauseating burning after-taste in my throat and mouth. It wasn’t nearly as bad the second time around. 
     Soon I felt, I felt different. I just kept thinking, I feel, I feel, I feel… What was I thinking? I can’t remember…I’m finally drunk, without a doubt I’m finally actually drunk. This realization filled me with joy. I should go jump in that bush over there, I thought excitedly, that’d be so funny. 
     Laying in the pokey bed of a half broken bush made me feel even better. I could do anything. I breathed in the air like I’d never breathed the air before. Being drunk was better than I ever imagined. Kace and Tim had known years before anyone. 
     Our group headed off into the dimming summer night, we had a long way to go. Jordan lived in Innis Arden, one of Richmond Beach’s richer and nicer sister neighborhoods. I didn’t know where her house was but Brandon led us onward. The summer air tasted like happiness. I ran ahead through the night until I flopped down in the middle of someone’s nice lawn to catch my breath. Then I thought of Bree and jumped up and ran back to herd on Brandon, Kace and Tim, who kept stopping to take pisses that took forever. If there’s a heaven it will be letting me go back to that evening running drunk for the first time through those suburban streets. You could spend the rest of your life drinking and never be so happy. 
     Straight faded, I thought, over and over with a big grin, I’m straight faded. 
     It was fully dark when we finally arrived at Jordan’s. Sitting on top of Kace’s bike’s handlebars Brandon pointed out her big round-a-bout driveway. Kace and Brandon had been acting buddy-buddy the whole way. They had a class together and did their whole “chill off” thing when they were together, talked about shoes, “Ya man those new Airwalks are sic.” I didn’t even care, I didn’t even care that Kace and Tim might steal Brandon and Bree from me, whatever, on the other hand everyone was going to see me hanging out with Kace and Tim. 
     We turned down the driveway and saw a bustling group of kids standing around in circles outside of Jordan’s house waiting to be picked up. The party was over. Everyone saw us approaching and soon two figures ran towards us. It was Jordan and Lita. Lita jumped into Tim’s arms while Jordan and Brandon embraced for a long childhood friends moment. Brandon even picked Jordan up and swung her around. 
     When he set her back down she grabbed him by the shoulders and theatrically shook him, “How come you didn’t come to my party?” She whined playfully, pretending to be angry, gently banging her fists on Brandon’s chest. Jordan had an obvious crush on any good looking guy. What a slut. I looked at Lita, she was so beautiful, Tim was so lucky.
     “Where were you?” Lita asked. 
     We were all mysteriously silent for too long.
     “Just kickin’ it,” Kace finally responded.
     “Have you been drinking?” 
     “No,” Tim replied with an attitude, as if Lita was dumb for asking that.  
     “Look you guys should go before my parents get mad,” Jordan said. A car pulled into the big round-a-bout driveway prompting us to all move out of the way. 
     “Fine, we’ll just chill right here in the street then.” Brandon said defiantly. Brandon absolutely couldn’t stand parental authority. Everyone laughed. 
     As they continued to talk I slowly and inconspicuously positioned myself behind Jordan and Lita’s backs. I locked my joints stiff like a tin man to limit any unnecessary motion and started sneaking towards the crowd outside Jordan’s house. Any parent with half a brain could tell Tim and Kace, with their butts hanging out were bad news. But the hell if I was being kept out of the party. I was a good kid, I would talk the shit out of any parent. 
     Jordan’s house was a mansion. I saw Bree standing around talking with some tall curly haired band nerd. I ran up behind her and picked her up by her waist. 
     She went bananas. “Marco.” She screamed, “Marco.” We stared fondly at each other. Bree’s fine, straight blond hair was innocently tied back in a purple bow. She was the tiniest bit chubby, but her developed breasts made up for it. She had the mischievous eyes I went crazy for. 
     “Where were you?” She asked.
     I looked over her shoulder at the tall, curly haired band nerd left standing alone by himself. He was so pissed. He hates me, I thought. I knew that feeling so well. What a goober.
     “Kace, Brandon and Tim were taking forever.” I responded. 
     “Everyone’s saying you guys were drinking,” Bree said. “Are you drunk?”
     “No,” I didn’t sell it though, I smiled with a big suspicious grin instead. I wanted her to know. 
     “Did you see the band play?” 
     We stood face to face and made awkward small talk for a few minutes before her and her friend’s ride pulled up. After they all pile in the minivan I ran back to the street. Tim, Lita, Jordan and Brandon were watching Kace ride his bike in a circle. 
     I put my arm around Brandon’s shoulder. “How are we gonna get home?” He asked wearily.
     “I’ll call my mom and tell her Jordan’s party is over, Allan will come pick us up,” It was all part of the plan.  

18. Soiree at Benny Reed’s (Summer, 2003) 
     Brandon and I barreled through Benny’s front door as he opened it. The summer before 9th grade started last week and today was the first day of Benny’s open house. Benny had been hyping up his weeklong open house for over a month and it’d worked, the anticipation had built to unbearable levels. Brandon and I headed straight for the liquor cabinet. 
     Eighth grade had passed rather routinely. We got high on weekends, drunk once a month. Brandon shocked the world and stone coldly broke Sarah’s heart because she wouldn’t have sex with him. He just stopped returning her calls and she got the message eventually.[5] The biggest event was Brandon’s adoption of another desperate stray into our mismatched group: Benny Reed. Benny and Brandon had been friends in grade school, but during the transition to middle school Benny had become very serious with Tonya, a cute girl from their 6th grade class. Consequently, Benny spent most of 7th grade in relationship obscurity, spending all his time cuddling and holding hands with her everywhere around school. Benny and Tonya were one of our 7th grade classes’ few couples. Whenever you saw them together you were disgusted by their endless PDA, but also amazed that dorky scrawny Benny Reed was able to land beautiful sweet Tonya. The love birds split once 8th grade started. Benny the casanova didn’t want to be tied down anymore. But breaking off the engagement meant Benny was left with less guy friends than a Beta fish. 
     Fortunately for Benny, Brandon always resented the fact that he lost a lot of his Syrie friends during the transition to middle school. He’d even lost two “best friends for life” to the skater crew. Brandon had grand schemes to get them all back. So Brandon took Benny under his wing. I was less-than-thrilled once it became clear what was going on. 
[5] Breaking up with Sarah was one of the worst mistakes Brandon made in his entire life. Sarah Faith Hall is living proof of the messy unfinished business of real life. She was so perfect and our meeting had been so random and magical that I spent my entire youth certain I was going to be with her. I kept in touch with her for a long time. I actually had some windows after highschool that I f-ed up epically by saying really stupid things like “Ya, I def think I could cheat on Emma” or “I’m working on a book about Jesus being reborn in a third world country.” It doesn’t matter anyways because Sarah and I are not meant to be. Her family is devout evangelical Christian Republicans and as she grew up those values became more and more important to her. Plus, she wants nothing more than to be a mother. Her body also shifted over the years to resemble a pear. Not that you still wouldn’t be tempted to overlook every single one of these things and date her if you knew her growing up.   
     “Guys my mom’s going to suspect something” Benny whined from behind us as we began inspecting the bottles. I liked just looking at all the bottles, straight mesmerizing.  
     Benny was hardly super special. Skinny, medium height, he had a scrunched weasel face but his chin and jaw were well rounded so it created the illusion that he was handsome. His hair was nauseatingly gelled up in the front like a duck’s butt. No, Benny wasn’t my favorite, but I wasn’t obviously rude to him, I knew how much that hurt. I was the opposite, suspiciously too nice. 
     “Yo Benny, what’s up man, how’s life?” 
     Benny looked anxious, he was just one of those people. His room was OCD organized. He’d use popular phrases like “What up? What up?” and “Dawg that shit’s so tight,” but he’d say them with a split second hesitation, as if he was sure one of us was going to say, “Benny you’re such a poser.”
     “Relax man, your mom won’t notice” Brandon said in his best reassuring voice. 
     “You’ve already watered down the Schnapps one third of the way.” Benny argued back. 
     Brandon and I rolled our eyes at each other. The Schnapps was our favorite.
     “Fine we won’t drink the Schnapps, Benny.” 
     “Drink the gin.” Benny commanded. 
     Silence. The gin was gross. Brandon and I protested by not responding.
     “How about the vodka?” Brandon finally countered.   
     “You said you wouldn’t drink anymore of the Vodka.” Benny was getting heated. Heated was my new favorite slang word. 
     A showdown ensued. Brandon and Benny were both the controlling types. In my opinion Benny was dumb for pimping out his open house for a month and then completely becoming a pussy the day of. 
     “If I say you can’t have any you can’t have any.” I was amazed Benny was standing up to Brandon. How quickly the ‘Yes Man’ had forgotten his place. Brandon was our god, without him we were groupless. But Benny’s open house did give him some leverage. The argument escalated to a level I was uncomfortable with so I stepped in to play peacemaker. 
     “Hey, everybody chill,” I interjected to get their attention. “Come on, Benny, pleassse make us some drinks, like those bomb ones you made that one time,” I said in a begging, playful voice. I really couldn’t stand fighting. What Benny really wanted was to be included. 
     Brandon picked up on my lead, “Ya Benny, make us something with the Vodka.” 
     “Alright fine.” Benny agreed after weighing his options for a moment. I was a genius. 
     “My cousin taught me how to make the best vodka orange juices ever, this is gonna be awesome.” Benny opened the fridge and started scanning the shelves. His demeanor changed from genuinely upset to excited and pumped way too quickly for my taste.  
     He’s so fake, I thought, he’s always worried, just like our society wants you to be. 
     Brandon and I would try and help him chill out, learn to relax. We’d get him high with us but he’d always make such a big deal out of it. He’d say shit like “Oh my god guys this is soo awesome,” all night. Brandon and I were way past that stage. 
     As Benny juiced some oranges, he rambled on about how tight his older cousin was.
     “When are the girls coming?” I asked Benny excitedly.
     “I just called Oakley,” He replied, “They just left.”
     It turned out Oakley was a great friend to have. Brandon, Tysen, Brian and I would spend the night at Benny’s house and chat online for hours, huddled around the computer, roaring out what we should type next. Oakley was one of our favorites, her AIM username was bubblebuttxxo, because apparently she had a bubble butt. I’d never heard that term before, it sounded soo stupid, who cared about a butt anyways? I didn’t. Oakley would talk to us about anything, but our favorite topic was masturbation. Asking girls if they’d masturbated was my go-to question to put some tension in the air, make them squirm. Girls usually handled the question like “no biggie.” Yes or no, prudes or sluts. We’d asked Oakley if she masturbated and she’d answer “All the time,” completely nonchalantly. Girls who played along were so much more interesting than the prudes. It was so exhilarating to hear a girl talk openly and confidently about her body and her urges. 
     Holding our Winnie the Pooh cups, Brandon, Benny, and I stood around in Benny’s living room impatiently peering out his front window, anticipating a sighting of Oakley and Elle. My stomach started going all roller-coaster. 
     We’d talk with Oakley on the phone late into the night, “If you touch yourself all the time, then do it for us now, Oakley, it’s no biggie.” 
     “Haha,” Time would freeze for the pauses that followed her laughter. “Ok.”
     We’d listen to Oakley’s raspy moans while we all silently jump around the room ecstatically, fighting each other for a turn to hold the phone.
     We each knew a few girls we could call and play the same game with. Your contact list of girls you could call at night was an important asset at an 8th grade sleepover. My prize was a bomb Edmonds woodway super slut, Tiff Starr. We’d met at tennis class. She was always bragging about how sexually active she was, she’d told me that one time she jerked off six guys in her basement. It was appalling and thrilling at the same time. Tiff was always down to talk with us late into the night, listening to us pester her about her dildos and vibrators. [6][7]
     I went to Benny’s bathroom. I checked my hair, I’d been growing out a shag just like Loren, it was halfway down my neck. I’d upgraded from my sweater vest to a grey, puffy, zip-up vest. I loved pairing it with long sleeved shirts. Especially long sleeved shirts with color contrasting collars. It created the perfect three layered effect around my neck when I zipped down the vest a quarter of the way. I checked my jean sagging length, you could just see a sliver of my checkered red boxers between my jeans and vest. Perfect. 
     I took one last glance in the mirror and really looked at myself. One of my favorite rituals. I looked and reminded myself how lucky I was to be alive, how I’d beat out all those other millions of sperm. I’d never had to worry about when I would eat next. I’d think about how lucky I was to be healthy, to not have to live with chronic pain. I thought about the children dying of fever around the world, working in sweat shops. With these realizations spinning, I brought up my hand and watch as I controlled it, slowly moving it around, clenching a fist, in awe at life like a newborn. Then, I flushed the unopened toilet and went back to join Brandon and Benny in the living room. 
[6] Oakley probably faked all of the late night telephone theatrics.  
[7] When Tiff wasn’t talking about sex she was talking about how she hated her mom’s guts and wanted to kill herself. Tiff went on to become a stripper and then a drug addict dependent on old, married sugar daddies. Even knowing all this, the last time I saw her I hit on her. Vampire yo.  
     Oakley and Elle were headed up Benny’s walkway when I got back. Ellie was one of Oakley’s best friends and as far behind developmentally as an 8th grade girl could possibly be. Short, tiny, flat chested like a boy, braces, with a blond little mustache and hairy arms. 
     The pair hesitated when they reach the open door, unsure of how to proceed. Benny went to greet them.
     “Hey. What’s up?”
     “Hey,” They replied. Brandon and I nonchalantly ignored them, grinning wildly at each other as we stood posed in front of the fireplace. The girls entered and Oakley remarked on how cute Benny’s house was. It’d been almost a year since I’d seen Oakley in person. She looked really good. She’d grown her dark hair out and was wearing makeup, it made her look older and more mature. I immediately updated her to crush status. She definitely wasn’t my true love though, she was still flat chested and her arms were still hidden under little, dark bushy hairs. 
I broke away from my “too cool” act and acknowledge them. 
     “Well, well.. if it isn’t Oakley Carter.” I exalted her name in a mockingly playful tone. I’d learned “well, well..” from my brother, he was always saying, “Well, well… look who finally showed up.”
     “Oh hi Marco..” I loved the way her signature, flirty raspy voice ran over my name, “…and Brandon.” In response to our “too cool” charade, she theatrically greeted us as if she was just now realizing we were there. 
     As they felt their way into the room, I stared at Oakley’s butt. I concluded she definitely didn’t have a “bubble butt” and whoever told her that was obviously lying. Her friends probably felt bad she was flat chested so they told her she had a bubble butt to make her feel better. 
     Eventually they sat down on Benny’s couch, I hopped into one of the recliners. Small groups were my thing, this was my zone. 
     “Soooo..” I started off loudly in my best awkward person impression. They laughed. “How’s private school, your majesties? It’s so nice of you to grace us lowly public school kids with your presence.”
     Brandon laughed the hardest at that one, as if it was an inside joke that Oakley and Elle didn’t fully understand. Whoa, hold the reins Brandon, I thought.   
     “Private school girls are the worst.” Oakley responded. She then turned to Elle, “Can you believe Christie isn’t even talking to me anymore because she says I talked to James?” 
     Elle’s eyes flew wide open and she acted really shocked and interested at this news. I had no idea who they were talking about, but I had a great joke for these situations. 
     “I can’t stand Christie either! What a bitch.” Everyone laughed. Brandon must have already heard that joke a dozen times, but he laughed the loudest.   
     Benny asked them if they wanted a drink. Oakley turned to look at Elle. Elle’s stone face said it all. Oakley turned back around “No, we have to go back to Elle’s in a bit.” I despised squares like Elle. She probably did every little thing her parents told her. She didn’t experience anything for herself and now she was going to ruin our fun too. 
     Oakley said, “So, what do you guys want to do?” 
     “Let’s play truth or dare.” 
     Oakley smiled and again turned to Elle. 
     “Comee onn,” I said in my most playfully begging voice. “It’s so fun, Elle, you have no idea.”
     “I’ve played truth or dare before,” Elle snapped back. Brandon, Benny, and I all laughed.
     “Alright, Elle, well since you’re such a veteran then you’ll have no problem playing.”
     “We’ll play,” Oakley said, as she gave Elle a reassured glance. “But you guys have to go first.” On the inside I squirmed uncontrollably, like an ecstatic eight-year-old describing his favorite movie. The last thing we cared about was who went first.
     “Ok, deal,” Benny said, as if we just made a huge compromise. Oakley turned to me.
     “Marco, I dare you to make out with Brandon.”
     I was taken aback, but we all started giggling. Very clever, Oakley, I thought. I’d never been dared to kiss another guy before. Brandon and I looked at each other to gage the other’s reaction and buy time. I’d do it, I didn’t give a crap if anyone thought I was gay. 
     “Damn, that’s a tough one.” 
     “No way,” Brandon said before gulping down the last bit of his drink. 
     “If you do it,” Oakley said with a deadly serious face, “Elle and I will do it.”
     I gave Brandon a specific look, a slight stare, to signal there was something I was thinking that he should be too. I was thinking about one of our favorite American Pie scenes, where Stifler had to touch Jim’s dick in order to see two girls touch each other’s breasts. Brandon got the message, he knew what I was thinking.
     “I’m down, game on.” 
     “Ohhh shit, ohhh shit.” I got up and began pacing the room, as if I was in deep conflicted thought. Everyone was laughing and giggling. 
     “Alright, it’s just like a Band Aid,” I announced, before pulling a chair over to face Brandon. 
     Brandon stared into my eyes, “You look so good today,” He said, we all cracked up. 
     “Is this a good time to tell you how pretty I always thought your eyes are, Brandon?”
     We inched our faces closer and closer a few times, our hands on our shoulders, slightly pulling each other in. Each time we got close we broke away laughing. Every time I was sure I was going to do it, but I just couldn’t. 
     It was much harder than I thought it would be. I could smell his odor, his unique Brandon smell. On one of the attempts our lips finally made contact. I could taste his oily skin around his lips. His lips were are dry and chapped at first but I could feel them start to get wet. We paused, stuck in our entry position. We didn’t move our heads or put any effort into it besides the bare necessity. Brandon opened his mouth wider and I slowly felt my tongue into his mouth until I ran into a wiggling sand papery sensation brush against the tip of my tongue. On reflex I pulled out, running away across the room and out onto the deck. Everyone was laughing.
     “Alright your turn.” I shouted as I jogged back triumphantly into the living room.       
     When Oakley and Elle made out they did it much more passionately. I was the anchor of chillness amongst all the full blown giddiness. Jonsen had been getting domed up for years. 
     Afterward, the game ended. There was nowhere to go after that. Real life isn’t like the movies. We continued to talk and Brian showed up eventually. 
     I watched as Benny slowly moved from his chair to the couch with the girls. With every burst of laughter he kept scooting closer and closer to Oakley. Eventually, he just reached out and took her hand. They didn’t even look at each other, she just let him take her hand. Brandon and I glanced at each other confused. Oakley temporarily resumed the game for one turn and dared Brian to make out with Elle. God Elle was hideous. Her bobbed blond hair was her only distinguishable girl feature. It was hard to look at her, no way in a million years would I kiss her. I wasn’t going to lead her on, my parents raised me better than that.
     Elle and Brian stood up and walked to meet each other. I had no idea Brian was that desperate, I mused, he must be even shyer than I thought. She raised her head and sweetly and gently they stuck their tongues into each other’s mouths. Elle must feel so lucky right now, I thought, Oakley just made Elle’s life. 
     Then, shockingly, Benny stood up and gently pulled Oakley up off the couch by her hand. Pulling her hand behind him he led her down the hallway. Brandon and I were stupefied. They weren’t even kissing first, what the shit? I waited patiently until I heard a door close, then I bolted down the hallway to investigate. Brandon followed. We could see the bathroom light beneath the door. We tip toed over and put our ears against the wood.
     “Benny, please don’t,” We heard Oakley plead from inside. 
     And then the crime of the century took place. Benny fucking Reed touched Oakley Carter as close as you can touch her. Today, if Benny focuses hard enough, he can still probably remember something about that moment. Some reminiscence of a memory, something is there. Like how I can remember the cold wood of that bathroom door on my cheek, the timber smell. For all we know, we only have one life, all of us, one shot, and in this life Benny Reed felt inside Oakley Carter. Benny’s living proof of the riches that reaching over and grabbing a girl’s hand can bring. You can talk and joke, but telling a thousand jokes isn’t worth the slightest brush of a hand. Plus, it’s so easy Benny Reed can do it. To the victor goes the spoils. Might is right. Etcetera, whatever. [8]
     Brandon and I listened to Oakley’s familiar moans through the door, she only let him do it for a few moments before stopping him. That was our cue to get out of there. When we got back to the living room we found Elle sitting across Brian’s lap, staring into his dark brown eyes, just straight enamored hard. Brandon and I look at each other grinning. The quiet shy people found love, how fitting. 
     “Well no one saw that coming, go Brian,” Brandon blurted out. 
     “I def didn’t.” We stood there commenting and joking loudly towards the love birds until Brian and Elle started laughing and were forced to look at us.
     “I can’t believe we made out,” Brandon reminded everyone. 
     “It just felt so right,” I confessed with a grin. 
     A minute later Benny and Oakley came out of the bathroom and the girls left shortly after that. The next day Elle told her parents everything that happened and Oakley got in a lot of trouble. I didn’t see her for the rest of the summer. [9]   
[8] Benny actually grew up to be a genuinely great, hardworking, smart, successful guy. I’d be friends with him. 
[9] A year later, right before sophomore year, I was getting my haircut when a goddess walked into Shoreline’s most popular hair salon. It was Elle. Stunned, I denied that it was her again and again. Her hair was long and highlighted, her braces were gone revealing flawless white teeth and she’d grown huge boobs. I didn’t think a transformation like that was possible. That year she went on to become one of the cutest and most popular girls in our grade. And she always kept her amazing, sweet, down to earth personality. Because of where she’d come from.
19. High School (Fall, 2003)
     Two weeks before our freshmen year at Shorewood high, Brandon casually mentioned to me he was being sent off to his dad’s for high school. He was leaving in a few days. Brandon’s mom, Kerry, was cool too, a buddy mom–you had to really mess up for her to send her precious beautiful boy off to live with her abusive, alcoholic ex-husband. But the more leeway she gave Brandon the more he pushed it. He barely hid the fact he was smoking weed. Kerry would come home and take one look at our glazed over faces and know what was up. But for the longest time she’d just roll her eyes and keep the peace. But the laisse fare attitude ended when Brandon finished 8th grade with a 1.2 GPA. 
     Losing Brandon wasn’t as bad as when I lost Jonsen. I partied now. It was far from ideal, but it was gonna be ok.  
     Before high school, Loren had told me very seriously that the most important thing you had to do on the first day was pick your drug dealer. He compellingly illustrated this whole social hierarchy at Shorewood that revolved around which senior drug dealer you chose. There was the class president, he was really a drug dealing king pin. Then there was the beautiful head of the Christian club, also a drug dealer. I believed him so whole heartedly that during our freshmen orientation tour I asked our senior guide if he was a drug dealer. 
     He laughed and said “No.” A likely answer, but I knew what was really going on. 
     “So, who’re the best drug dealers?” He laughed again. 
     “Look, I’m not a drug dealer, but if you’re looking for weed I can get you some.” He gave me his number. 
     No, Shorewood wasn’t like Loren said, it was just like 7th grade again. Staring at Loren, Janae and the sophomore’s out of the corner of my eye for a split second while I walked by them. Their group hung out on this obscurely placed handicap walkway railing in the center square of school. Every morning I would want nothing more than to sit on that railing with them and listen to what they were talking about. 
     Jonsen was a true sight to behold freshmen year. He was the only freshman on the varsity soccer team. Everyone showed him respect, he could have hung out with any group in the entire school. He dated senior cheerleaders. There were still stories, our hottest freshmen girl, Tiana Rola, was one of those girls who was either talking enthusiastically about Jesus and her virginity, or pot and masturbating. She swallowed Jonsen’s goo in the boys bathroom stall before being sent away a few weeks later. 
     I had a much different freshmen year from Jonsen. I mean most of the freshmen class knew me as a budding socialite, so that was something. But Loren and the sophomores still didn’t know I existed. Loren, Janae, Mia, Jonsen. They were the goal. 

20. Ian Kinney (Winter, 2003) 
     Like King Arthurs court we were all standing in a circle in Ian’s brother’s room. At the feet of the group was two brand new half gallons, still bagged up. One of the co-leaders of the skater clique was there, Jon, he was always wearing a different black shirt and a black baseball hat that his shag poured out of. Girls thought Jon was a looker. His homie Jeff was in the skater clique too, but he was also in the “I don’t give a fuck about anything clique,” party of one. He had a black beanie pulled down to his eyes and his black baggy sweatshirt had holes cut in the sleeves for his thumbs. Justyn used to be a skater but he was wearing whatever he wanted because he was half black and had sic cornrows. The fact that he had muscles was just icing on the cake. Justyn had tough eyes, a fidgety mouth, and a disposition for honest expression. The rest of the skaters in the room were all wearing flannels or whatever.     
     I was definitely the swan of the group, my bright white, partially zipped down jacket had “ITALIA” written across the front in huge, bright colorful letters. I’d got it from my uncle for Christmas and decided it definitely stood out, but in a good way. Now, standing in everyone’s presence, I felt really self-conscious about it. I wanted to take it off but the T-shirt I was wearing under it made me look fat, I just liked wearing it under jackets because it had a great collar.  
     The stout blond kid standing at the head of the circle is my in with this whole crew. Ian Kinney has a tough stocky face but with a narrow, snooty nose holding up his glasses. I originally knew him from the neighborhood, Jonsen and Ian’s dads had been friends and firefighters together before Ian’s dad died. But Ian had gone to a private middle school, and when he transferred to Shorewood he’d started hanging with the one testosterone gushing freshmen group I was still intimated by, the skater clique. 
     To my surprise, befriending Ian turned out to be easy. I caught him by himself walking in the hallway a week or two in the year. “Hey Ian, Jonsen’s quitting weed for soccer. I need a new connect, you know anybody?”
     “My brother sells now man, only to certain people, but I’m sure you’re fine. Come over and he’ll hook you up.”
     “Hey Caldirolis,” Justyn brought me back to the moment. He was the only person that called me by my last name, he liked purposefully mispronouncing it Caldirolis. It annoyed me at first but it’d grown on me. It was pretty funny. 
     “You close to taking over the world yet?” This was the other thing Justyn always said to me when we hung out. It all started in our 8th grade social studies class. I was always sassy to a history teacher but one day our teacher said some grey statements about the Cuban revolution like they were stone cold facts and I just went off. “Ya, Fidel’s a dictator. But at least he’s a benevolent dictator. Batista was a tyrant and a gangster. He was literally selling the whole country to gangsters.” The teacher told me to step outside and take a break. 
     Ever since Justyn had been making jokes to me like, “So Caldirolis, when you’re president can I be your vice president?” Justyn wasn’t the first, I’d been getting the same jokes since grade school. “When are you going to take over the world Marco?” It had peaked when “Pinky and the Brain” was on TV, “What do you want to do tonight, Marco?” I always shied away from responding, not wanting to come off as arrogant. But in my head I’d always think “Ya, I’m gonna take over the world, just you wait.” 
     “Soo are you chatty Cathie’s just gonna talk about your periods all day or are we gonna go time traveling?” I addressed the group in Ian’s brother’s room. I’d overheard my brother and his friends, in hysterics, call getting wasted time traveling. 
     “Time traveling?” Jon repeated as if I was retarded. Introducing new phrases was never easy. 
     “You know getting wasted – speeding up time – time traveling.”
     No one laughed.
     I’d waited six agonizingly painful hours for these half gallons and now we weren’t drinking them. The problem was that Jon and Justyn couldn’t drink together so the alcohol had to be divided up so their groups could go their separate ways. Jon and Justyn were once best friends who had somehow become mortal enemies. It’d started in 8th grade over a girl they were both best friends with, Amber. She was muy bonita. Justyn started talking a bunch of shit, telling Jon to back off, and Jon responded by calling Justyn “emo,” the ultimate skater diss. It all added up to the most anticipated fight of the year. Ex-best-friends-for-life fighting over a girl. They met in the middle of Richmond Beach Park, Justyn won the fight by a submission move he learned on the wrestling team, but it was close. More importantly, neither one got Amber. And they never got over it, no matter how much I expected, and wanted them to be best friends again. The skater clique had been the strongest when they were together. The days when they wouldn’t even talk to you unless you were wearing Emericas. 
     As the group continued to debate how exactly they were going to split and pour the alcohol into water bottles, depending on who paid what, I inconspicuously slid one of the half gallons through my legs and pulled it up behind my back.
     “Marco, what are you doing?” Jeff asked annoyed.
     “Who…me? Nothing, I just forgot something I gotta do… in the Kitchen,” I said innocently as I back up a few steps towards the door.    
     “What are you doing with that half gal, Marco?” 
     I bolted halfway down the hallway before stopping in hysterics and turning around to submit myself. Jeff and Justyn had come running after me, like police they guided me back into the room. 
     Everyone kept arguing and soon one of the half gallons mysteriously disappeared again.
     “Marco…Do you have one of the half gals under your shirt?” Jeff asked, way over aggressively. 
     “I didn’t see nothing man, I did put on a few pounds recently though, thanks for being a d about it.”
     They grabbed me again, but Justyn laughed.  
     Finally Justyn took the high road and said to Jon, “Whatever dawg, I don’t even care anymore, you take one half gal and me, Marco and Ian will take one.” 
     “Thank god.” I shouted, “What a classy move, this guy man, this guy…” I pointed my finger at Justyn for emphasis. Jon glared at me.
     I immediately reach behind Jeff, where the half gallons had been positioned to keep me away. Theatrically, I grabbed one by the long neck, twisted off the top and took a big swig, as if to say “finally.” 
     “So it’s like that?” Justyn taunted me. “You’re just gonna hit it, no chaser, leaving me your germs on the top. You think you’re real bad doing me like that huh, Caldirolis?”
     “Hell ya, I’m bad, you know I’m bad, I’m real bad,” I said in-between pre-laughs at my own joke. 
     “Well hit it again then bad boy.”
     “You read my mind Justyn, I was just about to hit it again. I was just literally thinking, ‘aw man I gotta get me a taste of that sweet, sweet juice one more time.’” I swigged the gallon again, longer, longer. I didn’t even taste it amongst the mixture of embarrassment, excitement and awkwardness. 
     “Check out this goofy motherfucker,” Justyn said, looking to the group.  
     “I just got this unquenchable thirst, Justyn. Daddy’s sorry kiddos, he’s just got this real, real bad unquenchable thirst.” Fighting back my laughter I put the bottle to my lips one more time. 
     The warmth was coming on strong in my stomach. Now that phase one was over it was time for dreaded phase two. That night Ian was throwing the coolest party ever, Jonsen was coming, Loren and the sophomores were coming. There was only one problem, I’d promised Avi I’d get him into the party. He’d even secretly put up money on the half gallon through me. 
     I followed Ian into his room, he was on the phone, his phone was blowing up. I waited patiently for him to finish. I was swaying back and forth, I felt like I just aced five math finals. 
     “Look, Ian, I know you don’t like Avi, cause he’s kinda nerdy and goofy and people say he’s gay.”
     Ian looked at me like “what are you talking about?” he didn’t deny it either though.  
     “But I PROMISED him he could come to your party and please man, like please, is it okay if he comes?”
     Ian deliberated. 
     “Come one man, please, he’s funny, he’s like soo funny.”
     “Ya sure.” 
     “Thank you. THAnk you.” I jumped onto him hugging him. He laughed while pushing me off. I scampered off to find the half gallon again. 
     I ran downstairs and hopped on top of a tall stool in front of Ian’s kitchen’s prestige island counter. Ian’s was a bona fide dream house. Granite counter tops, sheik furniture and couches, a huge T.V. Two gorgeous upstairs bedrooms. And Ian’s mom worked nights in the food industry so the entire castle was left under the supervision of Ian’s brother, Dan, a senior at Shorewood. 
     A plate of Ian’s mom’s leftovers was sitting in front of me, some unbelievably good mushroom dish. I knew Ian wouldn’t touch it so I started gobbling it down. Ian’s mom, Betty, liked me. I’d grown on her. Betty was one of those people that wore their cynicism like a badge and she got a real kick out of me. 
     “This is the best left over pot roast I’ve ever tasted, Betty, seriously I’m not lying, look at my face, Betty. This is what perfection looks like.”
     “Uh huh, sure Marco,” she’d say. She could tell a good, smart positive influence on her son when she saw it. I was one of his few friends she let spend the night while she was working.
     Across from me, lined up in front of the fridge, were six inquisitive eyes attached to three pristinely mannered bodies, standing in their comfort zone an extra foot or two away from me. Katie, Carol and Kristine. Three of “the skinnies.” The skinnies were a group of six sophomore girls. As you might guess none of them were fat, but they weren’t twigs either, so I didn’t get the nickname. I wasn’t a fan of the label because I knew girls were especially sensitive to commercialism and self-image issues. Duncan’s flawless, captain of the cheerleading team girlfriend refused to take her shirt off during sex. They’d been dating a year and he’d never seen her breasts. But when something is said enough times it just is. And they were the skinnies.     
     They’d snuck out from Katie’s and walked nearly three miles to get to Ian’s. They were still wearing their nice winter jackets. On the other side of me, Jonsen’s lounging against the counter making margaritas. Katie’s blondish hair was long and parted across her forehead from the far right side so it made her look smart and goody-goody. When Carrol wasn’t laughing and snorting she looked like an Asian queen, long black shiny hair, skillfully plucked eyebrows and perfect teeth. The only problem was that she was always saying goofy things, so she was always laughing and snorting. Kristine’s boyish facial features all blended together blandly, she was just a plane Jane. [10]
     Everyone was watching me eat. The ice in the room hadn’t been broken yet. 
     “So Carrol,” I started out in a trickster-ish silly tone. 
     “Did you know that Jonsen is into Asian girls...?”
     Jonsen shots me an angry look like, what are you doing? 
     I flashed him a reassuring, I got this look. Jonsen rolled his eyes like oh no, how many times has Marco given me the ‘I got this’ look.
     “It’s true, Carrol, since the day he was born. His nurse must have been Asian or something.”
     “It’s true, I do love petite… small… Asian girls.” Unashamedly, Jonsen described his feelings. “I just can’t get enough, they make me goo crazy.” With this exclamation Jonsen hugged and shook himself like he was in a strait jacket. 
[10] JK Kristine.      
     Carrol started laughing hysterically. Katie and Kristine started laughing at how hard Carrol was laughing–not at my reckless comment or Jonsen’s T.M.I. follow up.  
     “Carrol…Carrol!” I called her back to attention. “What’s your favorite type of cake, Carrol?”          
     Then I waited just long enough for everyone to be puzzled, but not long enough for her to answer. 
     “Is it white cake Carrol? It’s white cake isn’t it, Carrol. Admit it.” I got Jonsen on this one, he broke out laughing. Once I got him, the rest fell like dominos.
     “I do love white cake.” Carrol finally answered teasingly. 
     “Dude that’s racist, Carrol. You’re straight racist.” I was in a joke zone at this point.  
     “I’m a quarter Asian, did you know that? I’m seriously offended right now.” 
     “No you’re not.” Carrol blurted.
     “You wanna know my favorite desert, Carrol…? My favorite desert is black liquorice.” 
     “I didn’t know you liked Black girls, Marco,” Jonsen interjected in a more serious tone.
     “Who’s talking about girls? I’m talking about licorice.” 
     “I like red licorice.” Ugh, Kristine was so not funny.
     As I tipped my stool dangerously back I rubbed my hands over the cold, smooth, marbled texture of the island counter top. We’d come a long way from the crack shack. They all headed upstairs but I lingered behind to let shakes of pure joy jolt through my entire body. 
     Then something went wrong, standing around a circle I became unable to pay attention to the conversation. I got the sensation I was falling as if I was in a bad dream. I headed for the bathroom. I’m AP’ing, I worried frantically. I’m missing the party. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I’m missing the party, I’m embarrassing myself. I rested my head on the toilet seat and prayed for it to all be over.
      Sleep.   
     
      “Avi,” Was my first panicked thought when I came to. I tried to move onto my hands and knees but that made me sick. My head was stuck like a magnet to the toilet bowl seat. I stared at the likeness of my reflection in the toilet water. I just don’t want to feel like this, I prayed. The water was fresh. Where did my vomit go?  I thought about how many missed calls I must have from Avi. 
     Two weeks ago I’d put up money on a half-gallon with Ian, Justyn, Jeff and the Skinnies. Katie’s mom was out of town for the weekend and she was throwing a party. The only problem was I had to go home after school that Friday, but I made sure everyone knew that I was gonna call them and meet up with them later. That evening I called and called, all of them, for hours, but no one answered. They’d ditched me, it was my nightmare. 
     Jeff had sloppily sucked face with Carrol for an hour. Katie and Ian had held hands for the first time, Jeff had shot Justyn’s passed out lifeless body in Katie’s yard with a paintball gun. Jon fell down the ravine behind Katie’s house and cut open his arm. Carol and Kristine had been the only ones in the right mind to rescue him. The 110 pound girls banded together to drunkenly push and pull Jon out of the ravine. The whole time Carol was yelling about how they needed to pour boiling water on him to stop his shivering otherwise he was going to get hypothermia. Jeff passed out in Katie’s bathtub covered in mac n cheese vomit. Every time I’d heard about the stories the last two weeks I relived the awful hurt of waiting at home for their call. I passed out again. 
     
     Justyn woke me up shaking my shoulder, “You okay, Caldirolis? Hey Caldirolis, you okay?” 
     I nodded my head. Please go away, I wished. He was standing there with his arm over some 8th grader.     
     “You just had to swig all that alcohol didn’t ya, you just had to be a big man in front of everybody?” He was clearly drunk. I couldn’t even respond because thinking made me want to throw up. I waved him off. 
     “Aight, we outro,” he said laughing as they stepped over me. 
     I drifted off.       
     
     I opened my eyes to see a face on the opposite side of the toilet seat. It was Lena Tamika. For how ridiculous this was, I took it in stride. It was like Aztecs seeing boats and white people for the first time. Lena was so beautiful she was like the exact opposite of Medusa, everywhere she turned things became more beautiful. She was a junior and her house was a mansion’s mansion. Whenever someone mentioned her name her house inevitably came up. She was a good girl, too, with a reputation for being an uptight Christian. Well, I knew one of her secrets. Duncan once got an invitation to her mansion through Loren. Duncan described to me in wonder how Lena gave him a tour of her wine cellar. They chilled in her basement, Duncan put on a cowboy hat he found and danced for everyone. Then Lena took Duncan by the hand and led him outside, behind her shed, which was as big as his house. There, without saying a word to each other, Duncan became one with her mouth. 
     Lena’s arm was touching me, “You’re really cute.” I was half-conscious. “You’re really, really cute,” She said again. She picked her head up and forced it over towards my side of the toilet seat. Her hand grabbed onto my sweater and pulled me towards her. As she came closer I rolled away in the opposite direction until I fell off the toilet into the crevice between the bathroom wall and the toilet seat. She slouched to the ground after me, finally resting her head on my feet. I passed back out.     
     
     “You okay?” I woke up to Avi hovering over me. He must have showed up on his own. I was surprised and impressed. 
     “I’m sorry man, I messed up,” I forced out quickly. He was alone. He must be so out of place, who’s he got to talk to? He’s wearing a big bright tennis team sweatshirt. “I was gonna call you,” He didn’t respond, he looked at ease but I knew he was enraged. I was able to stand up just long enough to wobble over to Ian’s brother’s bed and wiggle in between three other lifeless bodies. 

21. Avi Miller 
     A week after Ian’s party, Avi’s mom “caught” him with weed. She demanded to know where he got the weed and he told her me. His mom called my mom and yelled at her and I was forbidden from ever hanging out with Avi again. 
     Of course my mom believed my side of the story. Especially my allegation that Avi was lying to shift the blame from himself, the real pot pusher. And as for me and pot, I’d experimented a few times and didn’t like it. My mom didn’t like his mom anyways, Avi’s mom was a wino. 
     A few weeks earlier, I was bringing Avi to go get baked at Ian’s with me (working against all odds to integrate him into Ian’s group). When he turned to me and said, “Marco, is this it? Is this all we’re going to do for the rest of high school? Smoke weed all the time?” I looked at him like he was retarded. Smoking weed was my favorite thing to do in the entire universe. The comment made so little sense I decided it didn’t even deserve an answer. 
     A few moments later, as we were walking, it occurred to me that there was honestly no possible way guys like Avi and me would ever be popular without pot. Checkmate. 
     From the beginning I was suspicious that Avi made the whole being caught story up. I figured Avi just wanted to be honest with his parents and told them. Told them that all his friends were smoking weed. I don’t think he expected how hard they would come down on him. 
     For his betrayal of our friendship I swore to not only never speak to Avi again, but to ruin him, use all my social sway at Shorewood to make sure he became a loser. I sanctified this oath through years of dreaming about it. I’d made my first life enemy. For the next three years, whenever we’d be forced into the same room together–as soon as I got a glimpse of that bushy red hair. My sub atomic particles would break away from whatever they were doing and charge right at him. We never so much as looked each other’s direction, even if he was standing right in front of me, but you could feel the tension raging furiously. For three years. Our smiles getting bigger, our rapturous laughter getting louder. It wasn’t the most dangerous battle, but it was as serious and agonizing as any that’s ever been fought. 

 22. Oakley Carter (Fall, 2004)
     Shorewood’s varsity quarterback, Greg Cooks, called hike. I was standing on the far right side of the field playing cornerback. The whole offense shifted directly towards me, it was a sweep. I was actually scared. My presence on the field was only a slight upgrade from a punching bag. The receiver barely even touched me, he was more worried about blocking the safety behind me. I was left alone facing the running back. I’d learned to not try and tackle varsity running backs up high anymore, but in football you could grab the feet, it was the great equalizer. You always had a chance if you tried to grab the feet. I got ready to lunge, to stretch out and grasp on to his ferocious legs for dear life. I could already feel his cleats trashing into my helmet and tearing into my arms. 
    “BAMM.” I was thrown up into a side summersault before slamming to the ground. I groveled in pain. Where did that guy come from? 
    My head throbbed as I stood up. I hobbled over to the sideline and sat down. Maybe it’s good I’m getting high before practice, I laughed ironically.
    At the end of freshman year I’d finally hit my growth spurt. The chubby curse that had plagued me throughout grade school and middle school had vanished. Tabloid headlines at the grocery store about losing ten pounds fast no longer grabbed my attention like a flea to a dog pound. My braces had come off, too, revealing a perfect bright smile. After 7 years of thinking, “If only I wasn’t fat and didn’t have dinosaur teeth…” all of a sudden my excuses were gone. 
     I’d gotten rid of my sweater vests and loose button up shirts. I’d started wearing T-shirts without other layers. I’d even got a big, expensive, black puffy North Face jacket for my Birthday. 
     I’d got skinny without changing my childish eating habits or exercising. It was just my time to grow. Regardless, this change in my physique had inspired me to go for my lifelong dream of starring on the football field.  
     The excursion was failing pretty miserably. I wasn’t committed to being an athlete. I wasn’t into weight lifting and training. “Tools” wasting all their time trying to be like the roid head action figures they grew up with. Everyone made the JV team, otherwise they would’ve cut me. 
     “Yo Marco,” Tysen walked over to me. Tysen was on the football team and was actually pretty good, he was the backup quarter back. This earned the respect of some of the senior’s like Taylor Beck. Tysen even hung out with them during practice.
     “Man, I got crazy news, you ready for this.” Tysen’s energy was infectious, like it always was. “So, Taylor came up to me earlier and invited me to a party at his house after practice tonight. You wanna go with me?”
     “For real? I’m in.”
     This was a fortunate day. I wondered over why Tysen had decided invite me to go with him, probably because I had a reputation for partying and he’d never even drank before. Honestly I didn’t know much about the seniors, they were so far off my radar I really didn’t pay them any mind, except to make myself small when they were around. But cars were definitely on my mind as a sophomore, and the seniors had them, big trucks and jeeps.   

     Taylor picked us up by the gym after practice. Taylor was a big gentle giant, he put off the “deep down I’m a really nice guy” vibe. I liked that and I liked Taylor. But he was a man’s man, and didn’t stray too far beyond that conversationally. We didn’t quite click in these picky times. 
     But peering over Taylor’s center console from the backseat I couldn’t be more ecstatic in the face of the streaking lights of the night. Taylor told us about how when he was a sophmore the seniors had took him out partying. He had such a good time that he decided to keep the tradition going. While he talked, Tysen and I laughed our loudest at anything that remotely resembled a joke. All the while I was promising myself I would never, ever, party with sophomores when I was a senior. 
     I’d of course come fully prepared for this once in a lifetime social event and brought a dub—twamps were called dubs now. I ask Taylor if he wanted to get high, I definitely said it cool though, probably used the words bud or fire. 
     He declined, “I don’t smoke.” Uh oh. He was the first cool person I’d met at Shorewood that didn’t smoke. I felt sorry for him–he was missing out on true happiness.
     “You should ask Hawkins, he smokes.” 
     Everyone was meeting up at the local bowling alley’s parking lot. When we got there some football players walked over to Taylor’s car and told us everyone was waiting for a senior cheerleader, Lauren Lo, to go on a beer run. 
     The magic of life was all around, I was a sophomore hanging out with some of the coolest seniors. I’m just better, I reflected, my life’s special. 
     Dan Hawkin’s truck was parked a few spots down from us, it was raised on huge tires. After practice, Hawkins would take off his shoulder pads and jersey to reveal his popping, unrivaled abs and a tattoo of a black hawk sprawled across his back, its wings spread wide open from shoulder blade to shoulder blade. 
     Hawkins might have had an amazing last name, muscles and the most badass tattoo ever. But I was a baby faced, handsome, straight-A sophomore with a puffy black North Face hood hanging just barely over my twisted, bleeding eyes. I was oozing confidence, the kind of confidence that comes from partying since thirteen. How could you look at me and not shudder at the potential? I walked over to his car ask him if he wanted to get toasty, flashing my big, white, perfect teeth. 
     “It’s been a while man but I’m down.” I climbed up into the truck. 
     Dan was easy to talk to, nice. He talked kind of like an air head. “Yaaa man, whaat? Oh ya.” Not impressively clever. I immediately assumed his life had been a picnic solely on behalf of his physique and good looks. Like Kace or Jonsen.
     Dan blew a hit out his cracked window far off into the night, he lingered there, with his head resting up against the glass. 
     “I was a sophmore just yesterday man. I can’t believe I’ll never play football again after this year. It’s crazy, I’ve been playing football my entire life.” It was true, the end of Hawkin’s high school reign was looming, he looked genuinely stressed. Dan was not the kind that goes to college. 
     When I told my mom how badly I wanted to be popular she would always tell me about the most popular kids in her high school. How when she saw them years later they were all fat and had drinking problems. She’d describe how their eyes lit up when the conversation would steer back to high school. How sad it was. I looked at Dan, sitting in the passenger seat of his truck, and thought about my mom’s words. I knew deep down there was no way that was happening to me. I was definitely going to college, college is where smart guys like me finally got girls like crazy, where society finally weeded out the dumb jocks like Hawkins and Jonsen. I couldn’t wait. 
     Lauren Lo finally showed up in her glistening Ram truck. I’d never met Lauren before, but I’d overheard some cheerleaders talking about how Lauren had gotten everyone wasted before the annual cheerleader flag football game. 
      Ceremonially, Lauren came around to each car. She was extremely outgoing and flirtatious. Dripping black curly hair. I was immediately captivated by the three different bright colors faded together on her eyelids, I’d never seen that before. The ton of make-up thing wasn’t really my style but it suit her. 
     She wanted to know all about me. “Where did you come from?” She questioned.
     I didn’t really answer, it was best to drag the mystery out. 
     “Who sells you beer?” I interrogated her back. 
     “This goober at Fred Meyers has a huge crush on me, I can get it anytime I want.” I couldn’t help but laugh when she laughed. As Lauren asked me what I wanted to drink her perfectly painted eyes broke every rule for how long you’re allowed to cordially stare. 
     She “promised” to hook me up whenever and gave me her number. [11] The procession of cars headed off to Taylor’s.
[11] Making drug connections, that’s the cool way in high school. They must never know you actually like them.
     Taylor’s house was down by the beach, where all the fancy rich houses were. His house wasn’t nice, but it was a great sanctuary of unsupervision. We entered through the screen doors of an old patio. Then we went down an old, handlebar-less, nails-sticking-out, wooden stairway to his basement. Someone had called Taylor’s house the ultimate bachelor pad and they were right. It had a mini bar–and that’s pretty much all it took. It was by far the coolest basement I’d ever been in. Lauren and her friends started making people drinks. Sitting at the old wooden bar, I told everyone my favorite football team story. Here’s how it goes:      
     Somehow I convinced Tysen to take Adderall for the first time before one of our football games. I was just always making jokes about how much faster he would be on Adderall. “Tysen, this shit will make you Speedy Gonzalez,” I’d say while jogging circles around him, “Tysen, I can’t get tired, I just can’t, it’s impossible.” The night before one of our games, with a whole four hours of riding the bench ahead of him, he eventually caved. Unthinkably, but oh so perfectly, our star quarterback got hurt and Tysen was thrown in. Tysen, and I say this without a hint of exaggeration, played the greatest half of quarterback of his life. Our team still got blown out, we were… not good, but Tysen made some big completions, even like a 50-yard bomb. After the game everyone was going wild congratulating him, coaches, players, his family. I was able to catch him on the way back to the bus. Tysen was a lick lipping, pupil bulging mess. He looked at me with his crazy dilated pupils and said “Marco, what did you give me? I don’t even know what is going on right now.” I keeled over laughing. How could everyone not notice, how could they not see?
     Tysen was being a total wet blanket at the party. He was freaking out about getting in trouble, apparently his mom knew all about Taylor’s, she actually might have been the one that dubbed Taylor’s house “the ultimate bachelor pad.” She had also threatened to smell Tysen’s breathe when he got back, so he wasn’t drinking. I kept trying to talk to him, to share the incredible moment with him, but he didn’t want any of it. He kept walking away from me to other groups, looking certain that at any moment his mom was going to show up and break up the party.
     Sitting at Taylor’s bar I felt like I’d just won 10 trophies. Tysen and I were the shit. We were sophmores partying with seniors. 2 out of 500. Well, there was one other sophomore there, Oakley Carter. 
     Oakley had transferred to Shorewood from private school at the start of sophomore year. In a million years I never expected to see her at Taylor’s that night, I knew people’s crowds and the senior footballers were not supposed to be her crowd. Even more surprisingly, she was curled up on the other side of the basement with Pacey Baker, sitting across his lap on a sofa chair, making out with him hard. She looked like she’d make out with anyone, she was straight mashed. Pacey knew exactly what to do with that. When she turned her head away from him to the party, he reached up his fingers to her chin and steered her mouth back to his. What a lush, I thought, staring over at them, slutting her way to the top. I wasn’t impressed, any half way good looking girl could do that. Rumor was she’d already slept with two seniors at Shorewood. We were barely a quarter into sophomore year. She was a certified ho. She probably left private school because all the girls hated her for hooking up with all the guys.  
     But credit where credit was due, Oakley was without a doubt, officially, the coolest sophomore girl. Although that spoke more to the class of sophomore girls at Shorewood than to the social genius of Oakley Carter. She might have gotten rid of those hideous thick black hairs on her arms and lip, but I still remembered. 
     She finally saw me. “Marco!” She pried herself free of Pacey’s death grip and ran to greet me. Then we looked at each other and shared something way more meaningful than the lip licking she was doing with Pacey, an understanding, we’d made it. Out of every other sophomore, we’d made it. If only Jonsen and Avi could see me now, I beamed.       
     Driving home in the back of Dan’s truck I looked up at the stars and knew life had meaning. Things happened for a reason. Who knew my pipe dream to play football would be the random key to finally becoming super popular? After all these years, I’d finally done it. All that worrying had been for nothing. My childhood had been hard to make me tougher, better. My academic record was perfect and my social record only had the smallest blimp on it, losing Jonsen in 7th grade. But I’d resiliently found another way to the top. I always knew I’d catch up to Jonsen eventually. 
     I’d finally achieved my greatest ambition and my body was dumping feel good stuff. Life was perfectly wrapped up in a bow. It was enough to reaffirm my belief in fate. Dan could’ve crashed and we could have all died that very night and it would have been okay because I’d experienced true happiness. [12]
     Oakley and Pacey were in the truck bed with me, getting rides home from Dan too. Oakley was cuddled up in Pacey’s arms, sleeping like an angel. She’d snuck out that night. She’d been sneaking out a lot. She’d go off about her parents, how much she hated them. How controlling and strict her lawyer dad was. Her parents must have eventually done something right though because after that night I never saw her sneak out again. Maybe that night was the very night she decided to change, who knows, but she did change. She still went to the parties, but she started abiding by her curfew. I never saw her that wasted again.   
[12] I saw Dan again a few years later, he looked awful, skinny, withered, I didn’t even say hi.

Part 3. 
23. Mike (Fall, 2004)	
     Shorewood’s “Career Center” was a cramped little room in the library made even smaller by the ring of bookshelves lining the walls. There were never enough seats at the six tables crammed inside, so some kids had to stand. The only amenity was one wide tinted window that faced into the library so you could watch the students walking by without them seeing you.
     I had a seat and was making good use of it by hiding the book I was reading under the table. 
     “Here’s our scholarship binder everyone, over ten years we’ve collected 200 scholarships in this file with tips on what they’re looking for in applicants and keywords to use in your letters.” I looked up to see the Career Center counselor waving around a big file book. I thought back to my mom forcing my brother to write his scholarship letters for college. We’d be watching T.V. when she’d come into the room and stand in front screen while she spent five minutes trying to find the off button. 
     “Alright Carlo, time to write your Italian Club scholarship letter. Where is that dang off button? Marco, can you turn this off for me?” 
     “You can’t just do that. We’re right in the middle of a show. I’ll do it after the show, I swear.” 
     “Come on Giancarlo, right now, I’ll help you.”
     “Go get your work done, Carlo, it will take you a whole hour,” I’d chime in provocatively.
     They’d leave, still arguing, and I’d jump up to turn the T.V. back on as quickly as I could, ecstatic that I didn’t have to worry about writing scholarship letters for years, an eternity. 
      “We recommend that you initially start contacting scholarship commissions as sophomores so you should be starting now. Contacting a member of the commission increases your chances of getting the scholarship and usually they will give you inside tips.” The counselor holds up a white handout, “Here’s a Q&A questionnaire we recommend you use when you call them.” 
     The counselor didn’t like me, for our first assignment we had to write a short one page essay about something we wanted to be when we grew up. I wrote about how I’d always wanted to be a Janitor as long as I could remember. How the world was one big trash pit everywhere I looked. About my compulsive needs to clean up this filthy repulsive world inch by inch. She didn’t think it was funny.  
     The counselor put the sheet down and picked up a clipboard, “If you want help finding a scholarship to apply for, remember that you can sign up for office hours with a counselor.”
     I was so bored that I was physically getting agitated. I tapped my foot rapidly while I examined my nails over and over again, frantically looking for a spot that needed biting, a piece of skin that needed peeling. I had to get out of this chair. My whole life passed before my eyes if I were to just get up and leave, I saw myself as a homeless man curled up under a freeway. I looked at the clock, only a half hour more. I looked around the room to see if anyone was paying attention. There were a few ugly nerdy girls in front that looked pretty focused. What was the point of applying for a scholarship if you had to compete against girls like that? They had no choice but to be smart, they were hideously gross.     
     Thank god I wasn’t going to ever need a scholarship anyways, my dad had already saved up the money for my college. Scholarships were for poor kids like Liam, I looked over at Liam sitting at the table across from me. Growing up everyone knew he was going through a rough time because his mom had M.S. and his parents were divorced. He was in the nutrition club at our elementary school which meant he was certified poor. Liam was leaning over reading a graphic novel with his friend Terry, they weren’t even attempting to hide the fact that they weren’t paying attention. Liam was wearing his favorite Super Mario shirt. He was one of those kids that wore the same shirt two weeks straight. He’d just never get it.
     There was a noise at the window and everybody turned to see two black hands curled up like binoculars against the tinted glass. Around the hands I could make out cornrows and a thin black mustache and goatee. Everyone waited while the intruder scanned the room. Once he found what he was looking for, he pulled back with a huge, pearly white smile, while tapping on the window with his pointer finger directly at Kace. Kace started laughing loudly like it was some big inside joke no one got. Kace was standing by himself against the wall. Kace sparingly showed up for the class, let alone socialized with anyone in it. The G-thug then opened up the door and leaned his body half way in, revealing a big black leather jacket and a sagging jean leg barely kept off the floor by a beige boot. He gave one quick upward-jerking “what up?” nod to the Career Center lady. 
     “Yo Chops, you left this,” he said, extending a large, half rolled brown paper bag into the room. Kace smugly beamed as he walked over and took the bag, putting it quickly in his backpack. 
     “Aw ya, my bad, thanks.” 
     As the door slowly closed behind him, the G quickly shouted back into the room, “Call me.” He then walked out of the library like he was in a rush, taking big, wide strides and looking all around as if he expected to see someone he knew at any moment. 
     Who was that? I was absolutely baffled. How could he be friends with Kace and I didn’t know who he was? 
     The counselor resumed class like she wasn’t just interrupted by a gang banger.   
What was in the bag? I looked around at everyone in the room, everyone had moved on. Even Kace, the cold distant look had returned to his face. The counselor started talking about internships again. Liam was back reading Pete’s graphic novel. Why couldn’t they see? What the f, what was in the bag?      
    I peeled back one of my cuticles until it bled.

     “Who’s Mike?” I asked in vain for the fifth time, no one was listening to me.
     I was standing around with Jeff, John and a few others in Shorewood’s bigger but less popular courtyard. Jeff was going to buy a bag of weed from his brand new connect, Mike, and those of us with money were trying to throw up on it. 
     “I got ten on it, but I want to come with you to get it,” Jon said. Jeff had been adamant that he was going alone to buy the weed, making everyone very suspicious that he was going to “pinch” some bowls before it got equally divided up.  
     “Naw, I’m getting it alone. I’m telling you, Mike’s hella sketchy about who he deals with.” 
     “Who’s Mike?” I tried again.
     “He’s black, older. You were at Kylie’s party two weeks ago right? He was there.” Jon finally answers me. 
     “Dude I have no idea who you’re talking about,” Could it be the guy from the career center..?
     “Alright fine, I got ten on it.” Even if Jeff was gonna pinch some, there wasn’t much I could do, I wanted to hangout and smoke with everyone. 
     A tall, swaying black kid came walking into the courtyard from the junior parking lot. He was on his cellphone talking loudly, taking wide bow-legged steps while holding his jeans up by the front of his belt. I recognized his big black leather jacket. 
     “Aight, I’ll roll SVP after I’m done handling this biz.” The whole courtyard could hear Mike’s conversation. 
     Jeff started walking in a hurry to go get Mike’s attention and Jon followed him, then another one of the skaters followed them, and soon our whole circle was following Jeff. Mike saw the group coming and took a sharp turn away from us towards the field. Eventually we all caught up to him and converged in a circle around him.
     He ignored us for a second, “Shiit, hold up yo.” He put down his phone. 
     “What the fuck are ya little bitches doing getting all up in my shit? Ya’ll are trying to get me busted I swear. All ya’ll lil youngins need to back the fuck off except for lil dude I need to speak with.” 
     I was startled, it wasn’t every day someone snarled at you so nastily.
     “My bad Mike, I tried to tell them. Everyone get the fuck out of here.” Jeff spat. 
     We all backed off to a safe distance. Everyone complained about how Jeff was ripping us off as we watched Mike and Jeff walk off across the field. I still had more questions than answers, did Mike even go to Shorewood? Was he a senior? How come I’d never seen him before? 

Winter, 2004

     The Crack Shack had gone downhill fast over the last two years. There was no power anymore. Everyone sat around putting pieces of wood and newspaper in the open furnace that served as a fireplace. Big and small candles were spread around the living room providing a dim ambience. I was a silhouette, one of the dozen teenagers sprawled out amongst the living room. Sitting on the brim of the futons, posted up against the walls. It was Mike’s show, he was center stage. 
     “Call me agent double O deuce 4 blocc” 
     Mike had left three giant bags of weed and a large scale as a work in progress on the heavily scraped up and inscribed computer desk. Mike messed around with the station occasionally but he was in no hurry to put it away. He had a crisply rolled swisher clamped between three fingers. Every time he inhaled the blunt he made a quick loud sucking sound. 
     “Siiippp.” He moved around frequently. He went from leaning back for a second to walking back and forth. Adjusting his jean leg, then his belt. Pulling up his dangling watch, only staying a second in each pose. Always inspecting his blunt over and over again. 
     “Three days ago I sold three zones in two hours,” Mike bragged loudly to no one in particular.  
     “Aint nothin my nigga–siipp–shit’s EZ, no problemo, A-OK.” Mike changed up the way he spoke. He changed up the order of words, pronounced words differently, left whole words out. His speaking style was so different; a total rejection of everything taught to me. It was so strange, so fresh. In doses, I couldn’t be best friends with someone that spoke like him. 
     “I done jus’ started slangin big time bro, and I’m already da best. I got this shiit on lock, I’m on a three year plan, my nigga.” This got a laugh from everyone. 
     “No lie, I got it blue printed out, my nigga. Imma fuck with this shit right here for another minute then Imma start fuckin with that nina,” He tapped his nose for effect. “Start stacking some real paper. Real shit doe–siiiippp–I know some cholos from way back mang, they gon’ hook it up once I got enough to front half. I was just talking to them niggaz and them niggaz was talking real good to me.” 
     Mike didn’t pause when he spoke, he only hesitated for the slightest second until the next thing popped into his head. “But I’m da best doing this shit right now. Gotta be da best at somethin my nigga–siiippp–gotta hone your craft knumsayin’. Straight QB’in it. Jus’ call me agent double O deuce 4 blocc, I got that 9mm glock ‘n I’m ‘bout to put one in ya knot.” One in three times the thing that popped into Mike’s head was a lyric from his current favorite rap song. Socially I’d come farther than I ever imagined, but in the face of Mike I was nothing. I wished I were black.
     I’d gone to a symposium on the “N” word held by Shorewood’s Black Student Union during lunch for extra credit. 
     “If white people aren’t allowed to say it then why should black people be allowed to say it?” Tysen’s loud voice had boomed through the classroom, most of the white audience murmured in agreement. A white nerdy girl then stood up, “People died to never hear that word again! White slave owners invented that word. It means dumb.”  
     The six black girls that composed Shorewood’s Black Student Union had raised their voices right back. Yerusalem, one of the BSU Girls shouted, “Taking that word and making it our own is another example of why black culture is so creative and popular. It empowers us to take that word back.” 
     I’d stood silent by the door with a snooty smirk on my face. After 400 years of the worst kind of oppression, letting them have a word to themselves was the least we could do. Even if it did make them cooler than me, and gave the rap videos some of their power. 
     I’d heard it said right in front of me, a few times in the halls. But when Mike used it, it didn’t sound forced and off. The way he said it was straight vicious, just like in the videos. 
     “BUZZ, BUZZ” Mike’s beeper went off, he took it off his belt and looked at it. Then he looked around the room until he landed on me standing next to Jeff by the dresser. 
     “Yo lil’ dude, want to make some bowls? All ya gotta do is walk down the street to the bowling alley.” 
     “I’m down.” I announced opportunistically. 
     “Who dat hit you up?” Mike’s homeboy, Seth, called out from where he was sitting, watching the fire. Seth was a half Mexican kid that was born to play linebacker, but he’d gone another direction and now he was one of those kids who got all their jokes laughed at out of fear they might attack you at any minute. He wore shirts with phrases like “We Run This.” Standing in the same room as him was like being in a cage with a wild animal.  
     “Juan, niggaz been hitting me up all day, talking I owe him a quarter.”
     “That niggaz loco, he with Derrek?”
     “Cha.”
     “Aw, fuck that.”
     “I know, that’s why I’m not rolling cuddy.” 
     I was now fully alarmed. 
     “Well don’t send lil’ homie.”
     YES, I shouted inside. Go Seth, great wise Seth. 
     “Mind your own fucking business, you cool right homeboy?” Mike asked me.  
     “For sure,” I was stuck in Lemming mode. 
     “Aight,” Mike grabbed a bag from his workstation. “Just hand over da shit and then get my money, pinch it all you want I don’t give a fuck. But once you take this bag, you owe me 80.” Standing over me, pushing the bag into my chest, I felt the full implication of his last you.
     “Ok,” I said bravely, putting the bag into my coat pocket. I wasn’t in charge of my body at this point, I only had one choice. 
     “Marco, don’t do it,” Jonsen’s voice rang through the room, he was standing in the hallway with a girl that was taking up most of his attention.  
     “So it’s like that homie?” Mike immediately answered loudly back. 
     “I’ll do it,” Jonsen said, walking into the living room. 
     “Chill, I got it,” I said, with absolutely no conviction. 
     Jonsen took the bag out of my coat and headed out the screen door into the night. 
     “Buzz Buzz” Mike’s beeper went off again. He checked in before breaking out in song again, “I was a dead man, walking they say, so every night I hit the J.”
     “What’s the rest of your 3 year plan?” Seth asked as he ripped off half a phone book to throw into the fire. 
     “Real Estate,” Mike said, “I’m gon cop a house and just sit back collecting paper. I’m gonna be a real estate boss.” This got a roaring laugh from everyone. Mike took a big French-inhale before responding, “Man, ya’ll haters.” 
     More likely in prison, I thought. I knew our society locked 1 in 3 black men in a box at some point in their lives. I wondered how smart Mike was, I imagined that he still bought products based on the logos, slogans and packaging he liked best, like I did when I was 10. That he still picked his “favorite” character to root for at the beginning of a movie or show. 
     He’s so exhaustingly aware of maintaining his image, I observed. Does he not know that half of everything he says is stupid just like the rest of us? What a materialistic whore. My parents always said growing up poor made you value material things more, I can’t relate to that. Did Mike grow up poor?
     “Many clips and 24 riches, packed, but really who’s got my back? Fade. Now that them niggas done hit the grave, I'm killing ‘em off for the old days. Sack of purple kush make me sicker than sic straight cannibal shit…

Spring, 2005

     I popped awake to the sound of ruffling. I turned around and found myself looking inside a hanging leather jacket. By the strong Acqua Di Gio cologne I could tell it was Mike. Was he robbing me?   
     “What up, Mike?” 
     “Sup lil’ homie? I can’t find my wallet.” 
     I was lying on Ian’s bed. Mike kept on doing what he was doing, which was hunching over me on his hands, scanning the bed all around me with the light of his cell phone. The inside of his leather jacket had like ten pockets, I could see a half a weed pipe hanging out of one, a pack of swishers in another, the outline of a butterfly knife. Dangling from his neck onto my chest was a lace necklace that had an Office Depot photo I.D. attached to the end. But my gaze kept coming back to the huge bulge where his huge bag of weed was.
     “Maybe it’s under the pillows, Mike?”  
     “YaYa, that’s a good idea,” We got off the bed and flipped all the pillows over, it wasn’t there but he leaned over and inspected the bed closer with his celly light anyways. 
     “That sucks man,” I went to lie back down on the bed. I was still wasted and felt really gross.
     “Nah don’t go back to sleep homeboy, come take some BT’s with me,” It was half a plea and half a demand. Strangely, every upstairs door was open so I could see straight through the bathroom to Ian’s brother’s empty dark room, even the hallway windows were open, letting in a cold draft. Where was everyone? 
     “Uhhh okay.” We walked into Ian’s bathroom and turned on the light, Mike picked up the bong and took out the colossal bag of weed. 
     “I just rolled here from work, I had no idea everyone was gonna be gone.” Mike was wearing a white dress shirt and black slacks under his jacket. It was crazy seeing him dressed up, you wouldn’t have even known he was Mike. 
     “Dude I don’t even know where everybody went,” I said, rubbing my eyes. What time did I fall asleep? Mike picked his hair a few times with his hair pick. Mike had been wearing a medium sized fro recently and loved to leave the pick in it. It was the tightest thing I’d ever seen.  
     “You’re Marco, right?” The change in Mike’s persona was eerie. He was using less slang, not as hostile. He could switch it up, he was a social genius. I pictured him at Radio Shack, “Yes I can help you with that, sir.”
     “Yep,” I answered, bright and innocently. I liked acting as non-gangster as possible around Mike, hoping to irritate him. Mike took a huge BT and I noticed the thin red and blue coloring around his eye for the first time.
     “How’d you get that?” 
     He blew out a big stream of smoke while contemplating what to tell me.   
     “My brother man, can you believe that?”
     “Oh what?”
     “Dude started swingin on me at our mom’s birthday. I’m not getting all emotional ‘bout it, but in front of our moms dawg.”
     I tried to pictures Mike’s mom and brother but I couldn’t. Mike handed me the bong but my throat was so sore I couldn’t even bring myself to smoke anymore. “What happened?”
     “He’s in the military and he’s always trippin on how tough he is, found out I’m slingin dope and got all up in my face about it.”
     “Your bro’s prob got some pretty sweet combos huh, straight Haaadouken.”
     Mike chuckled, “He’s got some shit fa sho”
     Awkward silence. 
     “You’re a little smart dude aren’t ya? You think I don’t notice but I do. You’re a straight A student huh?” I got giddy inside. I couldn’t believe flamboyant, obnoxious Mike just complimented me like that. 
     I laughed it off modestly “Word, I’m ‘ight dawgy.” I let some slang slip. I’d incorporated “word” as my unashamed, go to slang word. I used it all the time. I loved the way it made my parents and teachers look at me, “‘Did you complete the assignment Marco?’ ‘Word.’”
     “What do you think about the war?” Mike looked straight at me with a serious “I’m smart, too” face. 
     “It’s expensive, A Tomahawk missile can cost over a million dollars. The war has cost a trillion dollars so fa–” 
     “Ya but we need them missiles in order to get that oil,” Mike interrupted loudly like he just knew everything. It was a better argument than most people gave, more honest. I was impressed. Usually I loved debating know-it-alls, but I felt so gross I was shivering. My eyes were starting to linger closed when I blinked. 
     “We gotta appropriate that shit.” Mike pulled out big words sometimes, it was 10 times more spectacular than me using slang. A true renaissance man. This is how different people come together, I thought, meeting each other half way.
     “Ya I guess, I’m going back to sleep Mike, there’s no point in me even taking another BT.” 
     “You’re gonna do me like that?” 
     I handed him the bong. “Well, honestly Mike, I just don’t like you.” He laughed. 
     “Well you got my number right homeboy?” He headed for the stairs. 
     “Yaya,” I said over my shoulder. 
     “Call me.”	
     I crawled back onto Ian’s bed. Seeing Mike’s soft side kept making me think about a scene from one of Lil’ Wayne’s video’s that had shocked its way deep into my consciousness. Where he yells into the camera, “Ya’ll niggas ain’t doing it right,” with the cocky screech of someone whose slept with thousands of beautiful women. It was as if he was speaking directly to all the Mike’s of the world, the rest of us weren’t even in the game. I felt jealous I couldn’t act like Mike even if I tried my hardest. Mike was just a social prodigy. I would never be able to stand in that gangster stance, swaying and fidgeting intimidatingly, while flicking the tip of my nose with my thumb and squinting my eyes. The way he did it was perfect. 
      I passed out after one more lingering though drifted away. God, I’m the shit. I’m friends with everyone. Unstoppable. 

Summer, 2005

     Brandon and I emerged from the pitch black neighboring park to behold the bright white walls of Einstein middle school. The blazing lights surrounding the school hummed like gigantic mosquito traps. Brandon was visiting for summer and I was already ready for him to leave. He was getting on my nerves, always bragging about some story involving his country friends and him getting faded and going ATVing or off-roading. His country friends were so cool. 
     I didn’t brag back. I didn’t have anything to prove. If he only had a clue about all the partying I’d done while he was gone. Even worse, his mom kept him on a short leash when he was home, so instead of going to the parties we stayed inside half-heartedly playing video games and watching movies. 
     That night we’d gone to Tysen’s 16th birthday party. Tysen’s mom had invited his cousins, childhood friends, friends from other schools, it was a social mess. Brandon and I just stood in the corner turning our noses up at the whole thing. No one even noticed when we finally slipped out the door. I had a few dealers, but that night, getting high with Brandon for the first time in a year, I was calling Mike. 
     Mike’s red Firebird coup was parked alone with the doors wide open in Einstein’s bus turn around. The streets were quiet, there wasn’t a car to be found anywhere. 
     Brandon looked worried, “Dude I haven’t smoked chronic in a year man, I don’t even know if I should. All we smoke is that Mexican weed.” 
     I thought you was bad Brandon, remember? I thought. “You’ll be fine man, you used to practically breathe the stuff.” I reassured him.
     We approached the car to find Mike and Kace lying back with their seats fully reclined. Brandon faded to my back while I came up to the driver’s side. Mike had one foot out the car, smoking a cigarette, looking out into the vastness of his car ceiling. 
     “You go to Einstein, Mike?”
     “Uh what?” He tilted one eye towards me, “Aw ya, I went to this bitch. I used to run shit. I used to run game on some tricks. You should of seen it...” His eyes didn’t have pupils, they were just pure red. His fro was buzzed off. I still didn’t know how old he was, my best guess was three years older. Kace was asleep in the passenger seat, his crisp, flat billed baseball hat was pulled down over his face, an unlit cigarette in his fingers. 
     From Mike’s sound system one of my favorite new rap songs echoed through the night. “Da-da-diamonds on my neck, da-da-diamonds on my necklace, tokin’ pounds of green, tokin’ pounds of green.” 
     “..I got your shit hol’ up.” Still lying back, Mike felt around his seat for the recline switch, clearly fighting through some temporary coordination challenges. When that failed, he just reached over to his central console where some nugs were lying in the cup holder. Blindly, he grabbed a few in a handful and then brought his hand slowly and delicately towards me, like he was playing a claw machine. On the way, one fell into his lap and then rolled down into a crevasse.     
      “Oh no you didn’t you lil mo’fucker” He grimaced at the runaway. Wide-eyed I took the generous portion of weed as if the cashier had forgot to ring something up.
     “Where you guys coming from?” I asked. 
     “We went to a party down south, it got all fucked up. Them city boys think the burbs is soft, just no respect. They started punk’in Kace, but loco Choppy started swinging on their whole crew.” My intestines coiled at the mention of south Seattle, where kids thought Mike and Kace were soft. Shoreline separated from Seattle when I was seven because my parents didn’t want their kids bussed into the city for school, part of the school integration program. I looked over to Brandon to see if Mike had the desired effect yet, he looked tiny and self-conscious. I remembered the way I felt when I first saw Mike.
     “Sheeaaat, whatta they say? Just do it, right?” In one motion, Mike rolled over his dead body weight out of the car onto his feet. From there he reached into the air for a big stretch. His body unraveled into a terrorizing size.     
     “So what up, we gon smoke some bowls or what?”
     “Nah man we gotta get home,” I’d been around the block and knew a bad situation when I saw one. 
     “No way lil’ homie, I didn’t drive all the way out here, and hook you up phat, to not smoke some bowls.” 
     I looked over to Brandon, “He did hook it up phat.” I say persuasively, as if we had a choice. Brandon nodded. 
     “You got a pipe, Mike?”
     “Choppy does, look at fucking Choppy, straight curbed.” He took out his lighter and threw it into Kace’s lap. 
     Kace popped up alertly, “You mo’fucka.”
     “No, you mo’fucka, we need your pipe’ola.” 
     Kace picked up the lighter and lit his cigarette, he took a moment and then scanned around until he saw Brandon and me. 
     “Is that Ledoux?” Kace got out of the car and grabbing his belt to keep his pants up he hopped over to greet Brandon warmly. 
     While they talked Mike started throwing shadow punches at me, stopping just barely before making contact. 
     “Damn I’m quick. You can’t stop that.” I stood very still and tried not to encourage him, hoping he’d go away, like how you’re supposed to react to a bear. 
     “Fight me,” Mike said.  
     I looked Mike right in the eye, “No, I’m not fighting you,” I said irritably like “duh,” hoping a frank response with a hint of sassiness would surprise and fluster him. 
     “Fight Kace.” He responded instantly. There was no flustering Mike. 
     At the mention of his name Kace looked over like “just give me the chance and I will fucking kill you.”
     “No.”	
     “Man you pussy. Fight your homie then.”
     “Brando would woop that ass.” Kace remarked. Brandon didn’t say anything, in front of alphas he was a different person. 
     “I’m not fighting anyone.” My cheeks were turning red in the night. 
     “Aight, how bout you fight each other or your shit’s my shit homie. That’s wass’up.”
     I felt as helpless as a convict. It wasn’t the threat that upset me the most, it was how cool he was able to say it. I flashed back to the night Mike and Seth made me beer bong a pop and I threw up the rest of the night. And my 16th birthday when Mike and 15 of his homies gave me my birthday “bumps.” My arm was black and blue for a month. 
     I thought through a few counter arguments in my head, “I thought we were tight Mike? You’re gonna do me like this?” None of them would work on him, it wasn’t even worth trying. 
     I protested by not responding while I slowly turned my back and began walking towards the light of one of the street lamps hanging over the bus turn around. My parents messed up, I thought, I can barely hurt someone’s feelings without getting upset. 
     I stoically unzipped my jacket and let it fall to the pavement. Brandon came to meet me. His notorious hyper-competitive switch was fully engaged. 
     I can be hard, I don’t give a f. Brandon thinks he’s so tough. I’m going to wail on him, no mercy. It doesn’t matter if he’s bigger than me, I’m going to win through sheer will, fueled by an endless supply of pent up anger. 
     I lifted my hands. He came in and we clash in a violent fury. I ducked my head down and threw my hands blindly over my head as fast I could. 
     “Look at this foo with his head down, keep yo head up.” I heard Mike shout. “Oh shit he’s wailing on em.” 
     The sides of my head went numb. “THWAP THAMP” I lost my breathe so fast, I got so tired. Eventually I’d rather get hit than keep having to hold my hands up. I plopped down onto my rear and covered my head.

24. The Trip (Summer, 2005)
     The Church’s sanctuary was packed. Sitting behind the alter, I was preparing my psyche for the inevitability that I was about to embarrass myself in front of all these people. Take your time, I reminded myself. Worst case scenario just look down and read the speech word by word. Nervously, I rolled and unrolled the copy of my speech. 
     The summer before junior year I’d gone on a humanitarian trip to Mexico. It had been passed time I’d got some real revolutionary street cred to back up all my in-your-face wisecracks about billionaires and sweatshops. 
     So it came to be that I’d climbed in a truck bed and bumpily rode twelve hours into the Mexican rainforest to visit a town built out of tied together pieces of wood and straw. I’d seen the small, Indian looking wrinkly people with awful teeth that lived in the dirt. I’d played with their children dressed in torn, dirty Mickey Mouse shirts. I’d slurped up the lumpish acrid soup made from the local river water, and the girl’s sitting next to me, in order to not offend our hosts. It had supposed to be this life altering, consciousness expanding experience, but it wasn’t. I’d spent the majority of my time thinking about how I was going to sneak off to smoke a cigarette and conceal the smell afterwards. Constantly stressed about my acne breaking out. I’d spent the rest of the time fantasizing about the one cute girl in our group. 
     I couldn’t speak Spanish, let alone the indigenous language. I’d kept snootily illustrating how clean and amazing Seattle was to the community translators that were our age, not super intentionally, I mean, they’d kept asking. The richest man in the town had owned something that resembled an itty bitty convenience store he ran out of his house. He’d also owned the only T.V. Disillusioned, I’d watched a hundred people pack outside his hut every night to watch Mexican soap operas. The kids had lied flat on the floor, crammed in rows of ten, to watch a light-skinned woman with fake breasts run around holding TWO glistening desert eagles. 
    After we’d got home my last obligation to the group was to give a speech to the church’s congregation about my experience. The perfect Lakeside twins had even took the initiative and wrote a huge speech that they divided up for everyone. “The Lakeside twins” were tall, white fro’d twins from our group that went to Lakeside, the country’s best high school. They lived in “The Highlands,” Shoreline’s ultra-wealthy gated community–we’re talking pastoral woods spruced with modern castles. 
     I couldn’t talk shit about the twins, they were great guys. Maybe a little snooty to a public school kid, but they couldn’t help it. And I couldn’t help that I wanted to nail the speech and blow them out of the water after all the snobbish condescending looks they’d given me. Them and the rest of the super-wealthy, private school kids that made up our group. I’d even had my mom help me practice for a whole two days. Memorizing the lines, looking smoothly side from to side, pausing in the right places, pacing myself.
     I squeezed the copy of my speech tighter and tighter. A girl, Angela, was up at the podium speaking. She was a teenager affiliated with another project loosely organized through the church. She was reporting back to the parish on their group’s effort to remodel a local homeless shelter, and she was killing it. 
      “By expanding the women’s wing we’re going to double the cot capacity by December.” She was fluid, and clear, a great speaker. Her dirty blond hair was tightly pulled back into a cascading ponytail. 
     “And we couldn’t have done it without your support,” She finished to a standing ovation. Feet rumbled thunderously in the balcony above me. 
     Angela went to an all-girls Catholic school. Her rich parents had managed to preserve her purity. Every time I looked at her it irked me. She thought she was so smart and perfect. What did she know about blowing blunts? I’d aced finals straight toasted black before. 
     Angela stepped down from the pew and I reached out to give her a high five as she sat down. 
     “You killed it.” 
     I could corrupt her, I reassured myself. 
     The first Lakeside twin stepped up to the alter to lead our group off. It was show time. His face was colorless. Uh oh, I thought, Mr. Lakeside looks shaky. 
     He didn’t make it a sentence before his first slip up, “Each speaker will tell you about a different aspect of our…um, um, uh…journey together.” I cringed and looked away. I felt his embarrassment. It was a train wreck but he bumbled his way to the end. It wasn’t just the pauses and the “ums,” he just sounded terrified. A rush of relief ran over me. I couldn’t look worse than that. He’d done much better at the morning service. I’d been the one to pause and bumble in front of the ten elderly–probably partially deaf–early risers scattered amongst the empty pews. 
     The Lakeside twin stepped off the alter with a bummed out look on his face, he smiled disappointedly to us and lowered his head in shame. 
     His brother stepped up to bat. And he blew it too. At this point my smugness was starting to kick in, I’d been to the twins mansion, I’d seen their castle, literally it looked like a castle. The twins were supposed to be better, they’d been raised to be better. I gave the second twin a mean smirk as he finished. 
     It was my turn, I stood up, in my head I was still rehearsing some of my lines. “After all the community’s selfless hospitality, it was a special moment watching Friar Pepe fight back his tears when we gave him the congregation’s donation for their new parish.” Time sped up as I climbed up to the podium, I looked out onto the sea of flowery dresses and sweaters. These people don’t care, I remind myself, they’re just here to support us. I took a deep breath and began. 
     “Unfortunately, we couldn’t stay long with Friar Pepe, eating up all of his Tamales,” I paused for the laughter, “But we had one more gift for him before we left...” 
     I nailed the start and the momentum carried me into a zone. I scanned the crowd, smoothly speaking from memory. I even got a little cocky with it. I let words linger, drew out pauses more, added extra kindheartedness in my voice. I finished to a standing ovation. Still shaking a little bit I stepped down from the podium with my head held high. The next girl from our group stood up. 
      “Great job,” Angela said as I walked past her, the twins sulkily congratulated me too. I felt like I’d just kissed ten girls. 
     Afterward my dad kept looking at me speechless, like I had some special secret gift he’d just discovered. It was priceless. I was quickly moving on though. It was already three and I had to get home to get ready before heading to Ian’s. We were rolling that night.

     Through the glass I watched the city pass by in the night. I had the window cracked so I could whif the street vendors, dumpsters and restaurants. “This is it, this is it.” Ian alerted Katie and she swerved her Corolla to the side of the road. 
     They both opened their doors in a rush, “You guys coming?” 
     “I’m straight.” I didn’t want to leave the safety of the car.   
     “I’m good.” Jon was busily texting in the other passenger’s seat. 
     A group of rowdy rockers stampeded by my window. Their big JNCO jeans jangled long wallet chains loudly. Down the block, under a doorway arch, there were three teens huddled together that looked like they hadn’t showered in months. 
     “Do you know where we are?” I asked John. 
     “I can’t believe you don’t know the city man, we’re by Pioneer Square.” 
     “The f, how do you know the city so well, Mr. Smarty Pants?” 
     He laughed. “Man we used to skate all over Seattle, I’ve been everywhere.” It was believable, I was impressed. 
     Katie and Ian jumped back in the car excitedly, “We got one of the last ones.”
     Ian unfolded the orange piece of paper. Printed on it was a rough black and white map with a route highlighted by a blue marker. The “mystery” rave was in a secret location in the woods, and instead of paying entry you bought a map. The unique concept had soared my expectations sky high, but now they were crashing. The “map” looked like it’d been drawn by 7th graders. Ian was a directions know-it-all so he busily went to work. 
      “These directions are retarded, no way that’s the fastest way to Issaquah. We should take 405.” 
     John was perched over his shoulder. “I don’t know maybe we should take 520.” 
     I went back to looking out the window. I didn’t have a clue where we were or where we were going. 
     As Katie drove, Ian massaged her thigh with his hand. He was always doing that when she drove, they’d been dating for almost a year now. They were a very PDA couple. 
     “I met the perfect girl today,” I announced to everyone. 
     “Who?” They all asked. 
     “She goes to an all-girls school, she’s the best speaker I’ve ever seen.” 
     “I almost went to an all-girls school,” Katie chimed in reflectively. “Be careful, those girls have serious issues.” 
     “Why’s that?”
     “Because they’re stereotypically treated like girls should be treated and it just makes them even more girly.” 
     “It doesn’t matter anyways, I’m never going to see her again.” 
     I tried to tell them about my speech, how well I did. They didn’t seem that interested. “And while I’m up at the alter looking at all the people, I’m thinking, I’m gonna be rolling e bombs so hard tonight.” Jon and Ian laughed, they got that. I was just happy to make them laugh. 
     “Brinng. Bleep.” Katie’s phone went off. 
     “Crap, that’s my mom. I don’t know what to tell her, I can’t say I’m spending the night at Carol’s or Kristine’s because they told their parents they’re spending the night at my house.”
     “Make someone up,” Ian suggested. 
     Katie laughed, “Ya but my mom’s going to ask for a house number.” I felt a wave of relief that I didn’t have to stress about my parents tonight. I had a pretty solid alibi, my mom thought I was at Duncan’s. 
     Then I got an idea and started pre-laughing, “Give your mom my number, Katie. I’ll change my voicemail.”
     “Name her Jeanie. Little Jeanie James,” Ian added. 
     “You guys are crazy. I’m just not gonna answer.” 
     Katie’s phone went off again, “Brinng.”
     “No way this is going to work,” Katie predicted before answering. “Hey mom.. Ya, the dance was good.. I’m staying at one of my new girlfriends houses tonight.. Her name’s Jeanie, Jeanie James.” 
     Before Katie finished talking I had my voicemail set-up ready to record, along with my deepest possible voice. 
     “Hello, you’ve reached the James residence, home to Jerry, Marcia, Jerry Jr. and Jeanie James, leave us a message and we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.” I laughed so hard afterward that I got really pumped up and started hopping up and down ecstatically in the back seat.
     After getting lost in the woods we finally stumbled upon a long train of cars parked to the side of a dirt road. I could hear the looming music in the distance. It was a steep climb for heavy smokers carrying a tent, by the time we got to the clearing at the top of the hill I was coughing and sweating. On one end of the field was a stage and two big projection screens and on the other was a camping area. 
     While Ian took charge of setting up the tent I stood around and stared at the bizarre people all around. Carrol, Kristine, and Kim finally arrived as faceless figures in the dusk.
     Everyone gave their money to Ian and Jon for e-bombs, buying drugs from the rave kids was Ian and Jon’s thing. In fact, the only reason any of us had been messing around with ecstasy was because of Ian and John. 
     They’d just been sitting together at a park when one of them randomly said to the other, “I want to do ecstasy.” Whoever said it first had balls–ecstasy was taboo at Shorewood. Jonsen, Tim, and Kace; Loren and the juniors; no one was doing e. Well, Janae and the musketeers were, but they spent half their time hanging out with guys who’d already graduated. 
     By the time I’d found about Ian and Jon’s secret plan everything was already in the works. They’d already found an e dealer, tried it once, and were doing research to go to their first rave. I’d only had a two day window to get in. Trying new drugs together were important opportunities, next level friends-for-life shit. I’d needed that with Ian and Jon. 
     And as for the fact that everyone said ecstasy put permanent holes in your brain? Well, they’d said mushrooms made your brain bleed and I’d done mushies a few times and was fine. Plus, I’d heard that scientifically ecstasy wasn’t actually that bad for you. I’d played it safe anyways, and only did a half a pill my first time.
     “What kind of e-bombs do you want, Marco?” Ian asked me.
     “Blue Dolphin.” It was the only one I could ever remember, there were so many. 
     “Just one?” 
     “Yessir. Wait, how many are you doing?”
     “We’re all doing triple stacks tonight.” Triple stacks were supposed to be as powerful as three pills. Whoa, e-tard alert, I thought.
     “Yaa, I just want one.” 
     Ian collected the money and headed off with Jon towards the stage. I couldn’t think of anything good to say to the girls so I decided to follow them after a minute. 
     We sifted through the crowd until Ian saw someone he knew. 
     “Hey Sky.” Two kids that looked like they were twelve turned and looked at Ian with blank faces. “It’s Ian. We met at Hard Candy last month.” 
     “Oh ya, Ian, what’s good?” They clearly didn’t remember who he was.    
     “You remember Jon, right? Marco, this is Sky and Seven.” 
     The boy, Sky, had blue layered hair with long bangs covering up his left eye. The girl, Seven, had white hair tied in a ponytail to the side and was wearing a big plastic heart necklace.    
     “How old are you?” I interjected bluntly. 
     “I’m 14, Seven is 13.” Both of their arms were stacked up to their elbows with colorful beads and block letters.  
     “We’re looking for some pills,” Ian continued. 
     “Rafiki has some triple stacked green apples, we did some earlier, they’re bomb. Rafiki’s hella tall and wearing a big spiked dog collar, you can’t miss him.” 
     Some? The word jerked me. “How many pills are you on?” I interjected again. 
     “I’m rolling 9, Seven’s on 7.” 
     “Holy shit, aren’t you worried about your brain?”
     “Uhh, I dunno.” He was only half paying attention to us, they both seemed to be scanning the crowd, concerned with something more important over our shoulder. Ian and Jon began the search for Rafiki while I headed back to the tent. 
     “Oh my god, I just met a 14 year old on 9 e-pills.” I announced running up to our group. “His name was Sky.” The rave names were hilarious. “Straight e-tarded,” I exclaimed. 
     The group didn’t acknowledge my joke, everyone was really quite. 
     “Marco, look at that guy over there,” Katie whispered in my ear. Behind Carol and Kristine was a man lying on the ground with one hand in the air like he was reaching for the moon. His head was halfway up too and his whole body was locked in a strange, strenuous rigamortis position. Huddled around him was a group of concerned friends and event staff. He didn’t see them though, his eyes were fixed on something off in the sky. Something too close to our direction. 
     “What’s he on?” 
     “Who knows.” Eventually the staff brought out a gurney and they carried him off into the night. I’d done ecstasy seven times before and been fine. But I started to get a real uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach, as if I’d just witnessed a superstitious omen. When Ian got back I took my pill and bit it in half, letting one half fall secretly into the grass. 
     “Shit Marco, did you already take your pill?” Ian asked right after. A hot wave of fear ran through my chest and neck.
     “Yaaa?”
     “I forgot to tell you it was a triple stack, all he had was triple stacks.” 
     Everyone laughed. 
     “I’m sure you’ll be fine,” Katie reassured me. 
     I got really quiet. God tried to warn me and I didn’t listen. I didn’t even want to roll a whole pill, now I was about to roll a pill and a half. We got into the tent to wait for it to kick in. I was scared. It’s gonna be okay, I reassured myself, everyone else is doing three pills. Those thirteen year olds were doing 9. Has it kicked in yet? I feel hot, I feel like I have a fever, I feel disoriented. I started to get claustrophobic in the tent and got out. I felt queasy as the glaring lights began bothering my peripheral vision. There were a lot more people now, the hilltop meadow was packed. Huge gangsters and girls dressed up in leather and neon parted for me as I made my way through the crowd. The passing gazes from strangers only amplified my anxiety. 
     Is it dangerous to bite triple stacks? I panicked. I just feel terrible. This is where I’m going to die, my mom and dad are going to be told I died at a rave with weirdoes on top of a mountain in the middle of nowhere. I walked off towards a cliff and sat down on a stump, looking off into the dark woods. My hearts’ just beating too fast, I worried. I shouldn’t have bit that e-pill. I should call my mom, or 911. 
     I pictured my disgrace while I fished in my pocket for my phone. “You have one new voicemail,” the glowing green screen read. I didn’t recognize the number. I brought the phone to my ear. 
     “Hi Mr. James. This is Rita, Katie’s mom. Sorry to bother you so late but if you could have Katie give me a call I’d really appreciate it…Actually, tell her she can just call me tomorrow morning. Sorry again for calling so late, have a goodnight.” 
     I hunched over and cackled to myself a few times. I listened to the message over and over again, each time it made me laugh. Katie was gonna laugh so hard when I played it on speaker for everyone. I got up and headed back to the tent. A great feeling was growing inside me. It’s definitely kicking in, I joyously observed, I’m not going to die. It crossed my mind that I could even die feeling this good.
     
     There was a gob of Vick’s Vapor Rub on my neck. Carol’s nails clawed through my hair spreading in and out like spiders legs while I moaned out loud. Someone passed me a surgical mask gooped up with Vick’s. I took a big huff and floated down into Carol’s lap while little black specks floated and twirled all around. They looked so real. With every breath a rushing wave of tingling contentment ran through me. Moments of self-realization that I was in absolute heaven caused my whole body to tense up in convulsions of joy. Every cell in my body felt as if were turned over anew. All as I simply sat and rubbed my thighs with my hands and impulsively licked my lips. This is the feeling I’ve been searching my whole life for, I thought over and over.  
     “You didn’t have any friends in grade school, Kristine.” Katie was poking fun. 
     “That’s not true.” Kristine protested. 
     “It is true. The only reason Lizzie hung out with you is because Lizzie’s mom forced her to hang out with you.” Katie turned to the group. “Kristine was so weird that in middle school we had to give her an ultimatum, she had to start acting cooler or we couldn’t be friends with her anymore. She even agreed to come to “cool” lessons, taught by me, of course.” 
     Katie got up on her knees, “See, Kristine’s problem was that whenever a cute guy would talk to her she would laugh way too loudly or hit him or something. So to practice, I’d compliment her and she’d have to very gracefully and composedly say, ‘Thank you.’” We all laughed, “This was before she grew amazing boobs. Now she’s too confident. Kristine, what do you call your boobs again? Mildred and Gertrude? Tell them how you soak them in lavender ice water every night to keep them perky, tell them how you sleep in a sports bra.” Katie was rolling in laughter. I took a gob full of Vick’s and rubbed some under my nose and in my ears.
     I climbed out of the tent and headed over to the stage, on a mission to mingle. I walked up on some pig-faced girl standing by herself, wearing long striped rainbow gloves and a pink bunny backpack. 
     “Hey, what’s your name? Where you from?” Just saying hi to her made me feel like the humanitarian of the year.
     “My name’s Tripz, I’m from Everett, you want one of my bracelets?” She held up a forearm covered in beads. 
     “No-one’s ever given me a bracelet before, I’m honored. Are you rolling?”
     “Ya.”
     “Me too.” Through the crowd I saw a guy giving light shows with glow sticks and ran towards him.    
     “Can I get a show?” 
     “Sure man, sit down.”  
     “What’s your name? Where are you from? Are you rolling?”
     “My name’s Pupils, I’m from Capitol Hill. Ya, I’m rolling balls.” The conversations never got much farther than this, especially shouting over the blaring baselines. But you could just feel the openness. Everyone’s guards were down. This was real church. 
     Once Pupils finished with my light show he put a Vick’s inhaler in his mouth. “Open your eyes,” he blew it across my eyes creating a tingling orgasmic sensation on my eyeballs. 
     “Holy shit, that’s a first.” 
     “Did I pop your cherry?” I nodded my head laughing. 
     That’s when she walked right in front of me through the crowd. No way. I almost didn’t recognize her without her white sweater and black skirt, but that tight ponytail was unmistakable. 
     I jogged after her and pick her up from behind, “Angela!” She was confused at first, but she figured it out quickly. 
     “Marco, right?” 
     I turned and addressed Angela’s curious friends who had gathered around her protectively. I put my arm around her shoulder for effect. “Earlier this very day, I watched this girl give a perfect speech in front of a packed congregation at one of Seattle’s most popular churches. That’s right, church. And while she was speaking, I watched her thinking, look at this perfect girl, she’s a pure saint, the perfect teenager.” Everyone laughed.  
     “I thought the same thing about you. You’re a really good speaker.” Through her sweatshirt I could feel the steep curve of her oblique, the strong pull of her hand around my waist. I’d discovered another member of our secret society–by far my biggest find. She had everyone fooled. I leaned into her neck and snuck another smell of her sweet freesia fragrance, then another. 
     “Where are you from?” 
     “Madison Park. Are you rolling?”
     “No,” I reached up to pat down my hair that had become matted everywhere from Vick’s.
     “Are you?” 
     “No.” She answered believably. 
    We stood there for a moment, watching a few people in the crowd show off their complete inability to dance. I took my arm off her. 
     “Hey, my friends gotta go,” She told me. “We gotta go.” 
     As the last bit of her disappeared into the crowd the e did something to me and a part of my soul ripped itself out to go with her. I took a step after her. People pushed me by, walking off into the night. 
    
     Sadly, the moments when you’re peaking on ecstasy and everything’s perfect end. Life goes on. Leaving you tossing and twirling on the couch trying to make the yucky grossness go away. Tortured by sublime memories of holding Angela. Was it all synthetic? Feeling hella future-drugs sick. Spacey, brain-dead, “cracked-out.” And all the weed in the world can’t make it go away, only days of rest. After that night I decided e was like Pandora’s Box, and going to heaven for two hours wasn’t worth having to come back. I quit e forever.

25. Science Class with Oakley (Fall, 2005)
    Loren’s old-school Volvo skirted to a halt in the senior parking lot. We’d just smoked a “chewy b-legit” during lunch–two blunts rolled end-to-end with some morphine sprinkled in. To smoke with Loren I had to push myself past any sort of logical limit. He was on hella ADD medication, so all this shit barely even phased him.    
     I was in shotgun, leaning down into my thumb and index finger massaging my eyebrows. I was focusing on the sensation in an attempt to maintain some connection to the world. Rushes of weight hit me, twisting and turning me off-kilter, telling me to lay my head down anywhere, on the stick shift. It was a battle just keep my dwindling eyes open, like a diver squeezing out every ounce of strength as he swims for the surface. I’d space out and get lost in fantasies, always forgetting what I was dreaming about, then laugh about not being able to remember. This was the game, the art, what made me so much better. That I could function with the great weight, the secret storm. I still participated in class, too. I’d given presentations where I could barely put together complete sentences. Family dinners spent epically jumping from thought to thought last-second like a trapeze artist. And I still got A’s. I was the perfect teenager, excelling in both worlds. It was supposed to be impossible. As far as I knew, only Mia and Morris could say the same thing. Three out of 1800. 
     “You got Visine, cuddy?” Loren asked me. 
     “No.” It took all my effort to just respond. Millen was in the backseat, one of Loren’s good friends. Millen was shy and quiet, but he was good looking so all the girls thought he was adorable. As Millen told it, he used to be Luke vs. the rancor stressed out with bad social anxiety until he started smoking weed. I mean, Millen would never have Loren’s charisma, but it was easy to picture him being even more shy and anxious than he already was. 
     “This should be fun.” We got out of the car. 
     “We outro.” Throwing two fingers into the air they headed off towards the portables. My eyes must be so chinked out and red, I worried. 
     My Visine, cologne, and gum were in my car on the other side of campus. It’ll be okay, I told myself, it’s only the first day, I’ll just lay low. We don’t do anything on the first day. Then a great thought occurred to me and excitedly I reached into my backpack and pulled out my cd player, luckily my “weed mix” cd was still in it. Alright Marco, it’s game time. Pull it together, you got this. 
    I pushed open the big doors to one of the main hallways. The first two people I saw were Benny and Devin walking towards me. “Well what do we have here? Busted! Class is that way.” I yelled accusingly down the hall while pointing them back the other way. Playing hall monitor was one of Jonsen’s money comedy bits for passing by old acquaintances awkwardly at school. He used to do it to me.    
     “Devin forgot his backpack in my car.” Benny shouted back. “We’re just getting it real quick.”
     “Yeaa sure. Don’t think I’m not onto you. I know what’s really going on around here.” They laughed half-heartedly as our paths crossed. 
     As the hallway became crowded with hundreds of kids, my grip tightened on my backpack straps, but I kept my head held high with a shining smirk on my face. The mesmerizing beat bangin’ in my headphones pumped me up. “I take sacks to the face, whenever I can, don’t need no crutch, I’m so keyed up.” 
    Up ahead I saw Kyle leaning back with one foot against the wall, he was surveying the crowd. Another senior was facing him, up in his ear seemingly about something serious. I gave Kyle a courteous flick of my head as his eyes caught me. He took one look at me and started laughing loudly to bring his friends’ attention to me, even bringing a fist over his mouth. 
     “You hella lit or what, bro?” He asked, lifting his eyebrows at me twice. I smiled and shook my head as I walked by. 
     I came across Wendy Acer and a group of her AP friends huddled around a locker. Wendy was an uptight honors student for life I used to ride the bus with. 
     I’d hunch over the back of her seat, “Hey bus buddy. So how was your day? What did you learn? Who’s your crush, Wendy? Of course you have a crush, everyone has a crush. Is it Evan? Want me to say something to him for you? Hey Evan. Ya Evan, over here. Wendy thinks you’re sexy.” I liked playfully pushing overachievers out of their comfort zones. 
     I walked up and put my arm around Wendy, leaning my weight on her shoulder. Her friend, who had been gushing about something, froze at my interruption. 
     “Keep going, that’s my favorite story,” I said charmingly. No laughs. I looked around at the oblong faces. Chins, hips, and noses that were too big or small. Wendy had a light brown mustache that she probably didn’t even know was there. But even her knitted sweater couldn’t hide the secret perky mountains underneath. Sometimes I’d sit next to her on the bus and she’d get so angry she’d press her legs up against the wall and push me out with her back. But she always left the aisle seat open. 
     Wendy slugged me in the stomach just hard enough to where I could tell she 50% liked me. Her friends were glaring at me nastily like they hated my guts. This isn’t going well, I concluded. I aborted and backed away, laughing it off right in their faces with a shrug. The bell rang, and, as everyone scrambled to class, I dipped into the bathroom. I couldn’t be on time to my next class, I had Science with Oakley this year. 
     In the mirror I adjusted my windbreaker so it was falling barely off my shoulders. The bright bathroom lights exposed my new nemesis: acne. Every night I performed surgery on my face and back. I went at them delicately with needles, then harder. If that didn’t work I pinched the living crap out of them. Then finished by dumping on creams and ointments. Last night I went after a big one on my temple. Now it was a blotchy red scab. The coat of brown-tinted acne cream I’d put on in the morning was wearing off so I took out the tube from my backpack. Carefully, I spread a thin layer over the scab. Then another. That’s too much, I grumbled, I look like a painted idiot. I rinsed it off to start over again. And again. 
      The process irritated it and made it redder, turning it into a bigger blotchy thing. With an exhausted sigh I gave up and stopped messing with it. I looked at the clock. It had been five minutes since class started, I decided to wait another five. 
     I tried to look at myself again, ignoring my temple. In an inexplicable moment of honesty, badass Jeff once told me I was one of the best looking guys he’d ever seen. But how come the girls I liked never liked me back? Would anyone notice my blotch? I will never truly know how good looking I am, I philosophized. I giggled at the absurdity of this realization. It didn’t matter anyways, it was all about confidence. 
     The time came, and taking a deep breath, I tried to block the blotch from my consciousness. Before ducking out of the bathroom I ritualistically gave a quick nod to the sky in thanks for being alive. Then I jaunted across the empty courtyard to the science wing. 
     I opened the classroom door to dead silence and 50 pairs of eyes pinned on me. 
     I made a big “O” with my lips playfully, as if to say, “Uh oh, I’m sorry.” From the far left side of the classroom I spotted Oakley waving at me. There was only one seat left, in the middle row on the right side of the room. I started squeezing through the aisles. I must smell like a chimney, I cringed. The seat was between Rachel Ross and Andrew Tilly. The teacher was giving a textbook overview, but I missed book registration at the beginning of class so I was left sitting in front of an embarrassingly empty desk. I looked over at Andrew. He was a fat kid who I knew through rumor got in trouble constantly with his mom for watching a lot of porn. Andrew looked back at me with big fawning eyes. I turned to Rachel. Rachel was a short sporty girl who ran sprints by herself afterschool on the field. Her body was turned away from me shielding her book. Rachel had disliked me and my obnoxious ways since grade school. 
     I went back to Andrew, “Hey, can I share with you?” 
     “Ya, man.” He lit up. I was careful not to smile back. He was the type that would crack up at my slightest giggle. He slide his book between us and I pretended to stare at it. 
     “It’s time to run through our Bunsen burner demo so partner up.” The teacher concluded.
     “Want to be my partner?” Andrew asked me.
     “Oh man, I would but I’m partners with Oakley.” As I got up a huge head rush hit me, temporarily blinding me for 20 seconds. Whoa. I giggled to myself as I felt my way along the desks and chairs out to the aisle. I regained my vision to see Oakley waiting for me. 
     “I saved you a seat for forever but you never showed.”
     “My bad, Oakleyyy.” I drew the ‘y’ out to add a touch of familiarity to her name. I usually did something like this to her name when I saw her. To remind her that I knew her back when she was an obnoxious hairy girl. She always heard it. 
     As we walked to the workstations at the back of the class I raced through a rolodex of things to ask her. Was I late for anything important? That’s dumb, sounds like I’m trying to sound cool. How were your first two classes? Boring. How’s soccer? More crap. What party are you going to this weekend? Too early in the week for that, save that for Thursday or Friday. Why can’t I think up something funny? 
     As we reached the station I jumped ahead and positioned myself on the left so that my blotch wasn’t facing her. We read the instruction sheet at the station. I was so nervous nothing was coming out. 
    I looked over into her dark brown eyes dipped in midnight mascara. They were eyes made to command. Every little hair of her eyebrows was chiseled to perfection. Her beauty wasn’t a wild mountain meadow, perfect as it is. It was a garden, cultivated and worked on an hour every morning. 
     Oakley had the best phrases when we chatted online, like “Hey you.” “Shit’s straight now.” “Let’s play,” and “Yessir.” I’d steal them all. And then there was her bootie. Her bubble butt. Two voluptuously curves traced out cruelly by black leggings. How did I miss it? It def wasn’t this big before. It was the kind of bootie you get from doing 50,000 squats. A butt so nice she probably shit candy. Other kids had noticed it, geniuses. Skinny girls meant nothing to me now. Boobs, cute faces, bleh. They were nothing compared to a butt. If only I’d known. Bubblebuttxxo…Oakley just knew what was cool before everyone one else, she could see the future. I’d catch on pretty quickly, after it’d been a minute, that was my gift. Being in her presence got me through all the mundane moments in life. 
     “I heard you went on a humanitarian trip or something over summer.” Oakley finally asked.  
     “Yep…Some of us just care more, Oakley.” I pulled out my half naïve, half judgmental face while batting my eyelashes. Oakley laughed. I beamed, god I’m good, I don’t just function high, I excel high. I’m just soo much better. 
     “Hey, I volunteer every Saturday at Children’s Hospital,” she retorted. 
     “Really? No way.”
     “How come no one ever believes me when I tell them that?” 
     I paused. “I don’t know, because you’re super popular? Because you look like a bitch?”  
     “Play nice.” 
     “You know what I mean, you’re not at all, you just look like it.” We flew through the silly safety test. While we waited for the teacher to check off our station Oakley started the assigned readings for our homework. While she read, I curiously watched Oakley outline her thin lips with glossy lip balm for the fourth time. It was hypnotically feminine the way she did it. She could see me out of the corner of her eye.
     “I just started Accutane a month ago,” She said. “It makes my lips so dry.”  
     “Isn’t that the dangerous drug for acne that you have to get a doctor to prescribe?” 
     “It’s only dangerous if you’re pregnant.” 
     “You sure..?” My parents would never let me take Accutane. “Whatever, your skin is perfect. What the f, seriously look at it, there isn’t a spot anywhere. It’s flawless.” Oakley laughed. 
     “I get some on my lower back.”
     “Say it isn’t so. Perfect Oakley Carter has a few pimples on her back? What is wrong with this cursed world? God help us.” More giggles.
     “So who are you feeling lately?” She asked casually while writing a note in her book. 
     I let out a chuckle. 
     “What’s so funny?” She turned towards me. 
     I hesitated for a moment, looking away, I turned back to her and pushed my head in close to hers, I kept going until our nose were centimeters away and I was looking straight into her eyes. 
     “It’s you Oakley, I love you.” Big smiles spread across both our faces. Fifteen minutes before class ended I ducked out early like I had somewhere important to be. 

26. The Top (Fall, 2005)
     We drove without a word, but you could feel the tension, Eric, Jay, and me. Eric and Jay entered my life when they showed up to one of Katie’s parties inexplicably with Mia and Janae. Eric, or “E-Rock” was a prince of sorts, the younger brother of Jake Freeman. Jake was at the pinnacle of popularity at Shorewood. A senior that was licensed to talk endlessly about made-up stories because he threw parties at their dad’s ritzy house every other weekend. 
     Jay had been E-Rock’s best-friend-for-life since 6th grade. In middle school, the last time Jay went to school on any sort of regular basis, I knew him as a quiet, taller, curly haired kid with a horrific nubbin on his ear. Little did I know that he was never quiet, just extremely cool. I don’t know how I’d missed that look in his eye, that slight tilt in his head like he was the fucking shit. Girls picked up on it like radar. Jay played it by-the-book in conversation, most of his jokes were about making fun of other people, or his friends, “Hi everyone my name is Marco, I was born with two vaginas.” He let his tallness and good looks do most of the talking. In a million years Jay would never make a Facebook. Or text a girl back right away. And for that people liked him more than me. 
     At first glance I’d thought Eric was autistic. Droopy face, boney nose, and big lips. Skeleton skinny, tall but with a slightly hunched spine. He even had a lisp. You had to be able to talk yourself out of that, and E-Rock talked socks off. When he got going, when those eyebrows reached for the sky, he brought it like a silent movie. Eric I respected. 
     Jay and E-Rock were giving me the silent treatment because I’d tyrannically plugged my iPod into my car when we got in, ignoring their demands and pleads to plug in their iPods. I was addicted to sharing my music more than any drug. Well, it wasn’t as enjoyable when I had to force them to listen, but E-Rock and Jay had powerful personalities and were also addicted to sharing music. 
     “So nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty, having me, then he told the people you can call me your majesty.” MF Doom’s voice filled the Mercury Sable. It didn’t help that I had eclectic taste, aiming for different and better. Sometimes it worked out, just as many times I embarrassed myself. The silence from the amateur record execs in my car was louder than if anyone was speaking. Eric had been clamoring for Kanye, Jay had demanded Tech N9ne. Anything’s shitty if you want it to be shitty, I thought. 
     The cul-de-sac ahead of us was littered with cars. I pulled over behind a chain of three. My passengers immediately jumped out, continuing their musical protest. I opened my door, but lingered in my seat for another minute, letting the song finish while Jay and E-Rock stood in the fall night. 
     “Come on, Marco. I’m freezing, pop your trunk so I can get my jacket.” I got out. It wasn’t that cold but under my jacket I was shivering. This was always the worst part of a weekend. The moment right before entering the party. Avoiding this moment was almost worth not going. 
     Is this the night I’m not funny at all? That Kace finally tries to fight me? I worried.  
     Look, you’ve made it farther than you ever imagined in life, Marco. This feeling will go away and you’d feel even worse if you didn’t go, you live off the energy of people.   
     As we approached the front yard of Greg Cooks’s house, everything started moving too fast to even worry. From the group of shadowy figures huddled around the front lawn I made out a familiar short, shapely form. 
     “O.Carter.” I yelled across the lawn.
     “Marcooo.” We ran to meet each other across the grass. 
     I’d just learned how to hug a girl a few months ago. I mean really hug a girl. Pacey Baker taught me. I was sitting in my car in the Jr. Parking lot, when “Big Pacey-Style” strutted in front of my windshield. I took the moment to study him. Online his username was ScrillaGorilla. I was a collector of the most popular kids usernames, even though I wouldn’t dare message them. I’d study their “info” boxes–usually some song lyric or inside joke–and try and puzzle them out. Pacey’s info was one, short punctuation-less sentence. “Thugged out since cub scouts.” I’d mouth over the ingeniously rhythmic words whenever I saw him at school. As Pacey slowly dipped one foot across the parking lot, two of the skinnies, Kim and Kelsey, came on a direct trajectory with him. As they intersected, Pacey halted them with wide open arms. Kim jumped to embrace him first. But when they hugged Pacey didn’t just put his arms around Kim, he mummified her, pulling her into him while tilting her into the air with his waist. There he kept her, not letting go. He said something funny in her ear and she started laughing, holding him back tightly. When he finally let Kim go, Kelsey couldn’t wait to take a turn. It was awe inspiring. They not only let him do it, they really liked it. I had no idea you were allowed to hug girls like that. 
     I held Oakley up on her tip-toes. The pressure felt good against my pelvic. In the fray my hand had spectacularly ended up halfway under the back of her jacket. I could feel the light fuzzy hairs on the small of her back. The tight pokey fringe of her thong hanging out barely above the edge of her jeans.    
     “Are you leaving?” As I talked in her ear my lip brushed against her earlobe.
     “Ya, my curfew is midnight.”
     “So sad.” I was actually relieved I didn’t have to spend the party worrying about trying to casually, and wittily talk to her. Jay and E-Rock were heading for the front door. I had to catch them, I had to be seen entering the party with them. 
     “Next week I’ll try to get to the party earlier,” I reassured Oakley.
     “Sure you will.” I let her down and took off without looking back. 
     Jay pushed open the front door to reveal a living room packed with people. 
     We were greeted with cheers, “Jay’s here. E-Rock.” There was a pile of shoes just inside the door below a piece of paper that said “Take Your Shoes Off,” in sparkly marker. Jay and E-Rock ignored it, but I obeyed. Then the procession of hugs and daps began. Everyone I’d every admired was there, it felt amazing. 
     As we went, the natural progression lead us towards one shaved blond head that stood a few inches above the rest. Greg Cooks was posted up in a long hanging jersey against the back wall. Greg Cooks: Former captain of the basketball team and quarterback of the football team. He’d been scouted by a few college teams but nothing ever came of it. He graduated last year. Jon had seen him do a line of coke the width of a coffee table. It was all enough to make me avoid Greg, except for the most basic of pleasantries, and you had to greet the host of a party. Plus, whenever I approached Greg, the Harrison incident was never far from my mind.
     One of Loren’s pet projects was taking younger guys with potential under his wing and attempting to bring them into the upper stratosphere of popularity. You needed something else to do when you’d been on top as long as Loren had. Last year his protégé was Harrison Bung, a Highly Capable, all-Honors kid I grew up with. Harrison had pazazz, he wore trucker hats and headed a clique of straight-edge guys that hung out in the computer lab making ski videos. Harrison had about every ingredient it took to be popular besides having a lenient parental unit. But when Loren wanted you to come kick it, you went. So Harrison went with Loren to one of Greg’s parties. But when Harrison went to greet Greg, Greg said, “I don’t know you, I’ve never liked you and I will never like you. Why would you come to my house? I’m not playing, leave and never come back.” After that night, Loren dropped Harrison cold. 
     I waited my turn as Jay, and then Eric greeted Greg, “What up fam? Oh shit, what up E-Rock?” Greg talked with a hint of that gangster twang. He could turn it off though or go super gangster. The great ones could switch it up. 
     “Chillen bruh, your spot’s poppin off.” Eric using heavy slang was priceless.
     “This is sweet Greg.” I added immediately after Eric. Greg looked over to me. He was so pale he was almost albino. 
     “Yo, what up Marco?” He said with a big yellow toothed smile, showing clear pride at having remembered my name. I went to embrace him. Greg might have been cocky as shit, rightfully so, but he was still nice as far as I could tell, a fair ruler. 
     When the “What ups?” and “Chillens” were over the hard part began. Now I needed to actually think up something to say to people. Eric and Jay went off in separate directions. We couldn’t just chill together, the invisible eyes were watching. I slowly pushed through the jammed kitchen like an amoeba, the counters were lined with people sitting on them. On the other side I saw Ian and John in line for spodie.
     “Yo brohans.” I came up and grabbed both of them from behind.
     “Sup dawgy, oh man guess what me and Jon heard today? You’ll love this Marco, you love gossip.”
     I rolled my eyes in response to Ian’s allegation, but my ears couldn’t help but perk up. 
     “What?”
     “You know Jessie Tongs?” 
     “No”
     “How do you not know Jessie?” Jon interjected, “He’s a senior, gay. A druggie wannabe.”
     “I got nothing,” I shrugged. 
     “He’s bi actually,” Ian corrected. 
     “So Jessie’s been riding around with Mike for like the last week, and Jessie gave Mike a blowjob for an 8th.” 
     I raised my eyebrows skeptically. “Man that sounds so made up. How do you know?”
     “Jessie told people man, and when it got back to Mike he beat Jessie’s ass. Jessie’s eye is as big as a melon.” I quickly stood on my tippy toes and scanned the house for Mike. I couldn’t see him, he must have been laying low. 
     “I don’t believe it.” 
     “Man it’s so true, earlier Timy W was even talking about it. He called Mike, ‘Tickle me Mike.’ Shit’s so funny. Tim even said Mike has this weird thing with feet they’d always known about.” 
     I couldn’t believe Tim would say that about Mike, they were hella close. This was the gossip of the century. The excitement got me drunk before I even sipped a drink. “You know there was this one weird night at your house Ian…”
     I stepped out onto the patio where 30 people were in circles smoking. 
     “Yo Caldirolis.” I saw Justyn and ran over and gave him a hug. 
     “Did you hear, Justyn?” I asked him.
     “Did I hear? Of course I heard.” He said cockily while laughing. I didn’t say anything back and let the silence encourage him to back it up. 
     “You mean about DMF, right?” Justyn was referring to the big gossip from two weeks ago about DMF, one of our class’ legends since grade school. DMF, who spent freshmen year driving his mom’s car around without a license. He’d joined drama club this quarter, stopped doing drugs and started spending all his time hanging out with the drama kids. It was the talk of the town for a week. 
     “Man everyone knows about DMF. You’re slippin, Justyn.” 
     We laughed and I start telling Justyn about Mike while I looked over his shoulder. Jonsen was standing on the other side of the patio by himself smoking. He looked cold, distant. Like a caged animal that’d been poked too many times. I only caught glimpses of him at the parties anymore. He’d dropped out of school last year and got heavy into meth. He’d been wearing a big, saggy flannel coat recently that covered him up. The crack shack was too dangerous to visit anymore, grimy gangsters with guns hung around with his sisters. It was a completely different scene. I’d asked him about it at a party before, cut the bullshit and went up to his face. “So, what’s meth like Jonsen?” 
     He’d smiled at me, “It’s like super Adderall Marco… Adderall dumped in toxic waste until it gets super powers. Look at me Marco, I haven’t slept in 4 days.” 
     How the mighty had fallen. Jonsen had his time, he’d been seduced by millionaire’s daughters on their pool tables. All of it was just a distant memory to him now. All those unbelievable experiences were now as useless to him as a memory.
     I smiled brightly from across the patio. It was my time now, and his time to suffer, life was just naturally balanced like that.
     I stepped back inside and saw Loren standing along the wall in the dining room texting on his phone. He was wearing an all camo green jacket with a blue bandana around his head. The bandana was one of his latest attempts at starting a fashion trend, sometimes he wore it around his neck. The camo jacket was crazy tight, Loren was on the forefront of fashion. I could even see the bandana catching on, though it was a bit bold for me. But even fashion geniuses missed as much as they hit, and I couldn’t help but smile looking at Loren’s trademark tight-as-possible emo jeans. How did he go so wrong? Punk rockers wore skinny jeans, he looked like a scene kid on the verge of a tantrum. 
     I went over and stood next to him, “Yo Loren, what up?” Everyone called Loren “Tweez.” I didn’t, I’d known him since I was five. 
     “Oh shnap, what up blood? I’m getting so fades bruh. You?” Loren glanced up for a second from his phone. Loren had been trying to incorporate “blood” into the mainstream for the past month. It wasn’t catching on, a little too close to ripping off actual gang slang for upper middle class white kids. 
     “I just heard about Mike, crazy stuff” 
     “Aw ya.” Loren wasn’t interested. It was okay though, I’d thought up what I was going to say to Loren tonight five days ago. 
     “So who’s your away status about?” Loren looked up again. Online, Loren’s Aim was YOUKNOWMYSTEEZ. For the last week Loren’s username had been grey, indicating he was away, with this message left behind: “Is that what you call a getaway? Tell me what you got away with, I've seen more spine in jellyfish, I've seen more guts in eleven-year-old kids.” 
     Every day I read the lyrics and thought about who they could be about. Loren’s social circles extended to three or four schools. He was always dating some new private school girl. But there was still a good chance it was about someone at Shorewood. 
     “You know I don’t kiss and tell, blood,” Loren finally answered after thinking about it for a second. Mia Illy walked and flashed us a smile.
     “Hey you want this D, girl?” Loren called out to her. Mia laughed and gave him the middle finger.   
     Loren turned to me, “She don’t want to mess with this shit. My shit’s gnarly bro. I’d mess her whole world up.” We both laughed. Loren hooked up with a sophomore on the low, he’d sneak into her room on weekend nights. She told her bff, who told me, that Loren had a skinny D. As we watched Mia, she came up behind another senior, Kate, and started grinding on her from behind. Kate leaned back into Mia and started bouncing her hips perfectly to the music, the tiniest bit of cellulite wrinkled up so perfectly on her stomach it made me want to hit something. They were so unfathomably out of my league it was a luxury just being a few feet from them. 
     Loren left me and I headed over to my next predetermined destination, most of the skinnies were all lined up together in the narrow kitchen. 
     “Marco!” They all cheered. 
     “Did you guys hear about Tickle-Me-Mike?” I asked. They laughed.
     “Ya, we don’t believe it though,” Katie answered for the group, “Carol even gave him head.”   
     Carol turned bright red and started laughing. My psyche choked on the image like a Herrin with an aluminum can in its gullet. Carol delicately pulling down Mike’s ghetto boxers and gently pulling out his big black dick. 
     “Was he like, into your feet, Carol?” I investigated.  
     “No, gross” Kristine answered for her.
     I shrugged, “They say he’s into feet.”
     I kept walking and ran into Jessica from my grade school. We weren’t friends anymore but we smiled at each other with the fondness of childhood memories when we saw each other. 
     Tonight, something good popped into my head when I saw her though, “Hey Jessica, remember at Duncan’s party when you said my butt is a ten?” I asked, hoping to reaffirm my amazing butt conception. 
     She laughed, “Ya…We made the whole thing up though. It was Addy’s idea.”
     “You fucking bitch,” I lamented with dripping sarcasm. “That lie had sustained me for so long. Ignorant bliss is real Jessica! It’s real.” While she laughed I dipped out on the high note.  
     The night was going so well I decided to hit one of the coolest circles. I popped in next to Kace in a totem pole of popular faces, directly across from me was Janae. Simon Erickson was telling a story,    
     “So this bangin’ mammacita, she’s gotta be at least twenty five, starts feeling up on me in our tent.” He was talking about a concert festival a lot of people went to last weekend. My parents didn’t let me go. 
     “But I’m rollin’ balls so I’m not trying to cut.” It was common knowledge having sex on e was so good that it ruined sex forever. “So I’m touching her all over, but I’m not letting her touch me. That’s when mamma goes, ‘Which do you like better? My bootie or my naturals.’ And I’m like, ‘your naturals are killin’ it right now mama,’ and she goes ‘wrong answer, the right answer is you better start hitting this right now or I’m out.’” Everyone giggled.  
     Janae interjected. “Ugh, I knew that having sex on e was a myth before I even had sex on it.”   
     There are hundreds of millions of beautiful girls. Millions with the exact same jaded, dark eyes as Janae. It’s was what she did that separated her, her pure fearlessness was the true wonder.  
     “So did you explore her Dora?” Janae asked.
     Simon’s bf had been waiting to jump in, “When I got back, from outside the tent, all I heard was Simon’s voice say, ‘Suck my mamma, suck my mamma.’” This got an uproar of laughter.
     “What does that even mean?” Aaron asked absurdly.
     “I dunno.” Simon shrugged. 
     Everyone was laughing except Kace, he was focused on me. 
     “Nice socks,” He said, half the group heard him. I looked down at my one grey sock and my one white one. 
    My crises autopilot mannerisms immediately bunched my mouth to the side and brought my eyes directly into Kace’s. “I heard a crazy, nuts really, story about you. That you got pulled over drunk last weekend, driving Terra Richie’s car for her and her friends. And the whole time you were talking to the cop you had three 5ths stashed under your feet. And you talked your way out of it.” 
     Kace stared back at me. 
     “For real?” Simon asked, bailing me out. Kace turned to face the group.
     “Shit was crazy,” he started. Then Kace went into another one of his bemused stories, where he humbly recalled a grandiose deed as if he’d just barely forgotten all about it. Smirking to himself every time he remembered how cool he was. As if there wasn’t a pool of boiling narcissism making the whole thing run. 
     “Like, usually nothing fazes me, but when I saw those flashing beams man, woo I knew I was done. It’s not even my car, and its five deep with wasted girls. I would of skirted out, but there were so many people in the car…” It was a fantastic close-call story. We all had them, there was a new one every week. And yet Kace kept setting the bar somehow.
     Halfway through the story a hush rippled through the party, heads started perking up. I turned towards the dining room to see Aaron Lo, a Shorewood alumni who graduated last year, up in a Shorecrest Senior, Blake Riley’s face. Shorecrest is Shoreline’s other high school. An interstate highway makes a natural barrier between the more affluent Shorewood side and our Shorecrest rivals. 
     I couldn’t hear what Eric was saying but I could see his tense, flexing neck muscles and his unhinged, flapping jaw. Eric was a heavy hitter. By reputation there was nothing Blake could do at this point. Blake heard my telepathic warning and tackled Eric into a table. In an instant the promenade became a mob, pushing for a front row seat. I stayed back in the living room.    
     Eventually E-Rock popped up. “Yo Marco, lets bounce, Kate’s having an after party at her house.” 
     “Where’s Jay?”
     “He already left.” E-Rock headed out the door and I went to grab my shoes when I saw someone had tied all the laces into a huge knot. I thought about whether to try and untie them but decided I didn’t want anyone seeing me struggling to free my shoes.
     “Come on Marco let’s roll,” E-Rock called from the front porch. F-it, my socks soaked up the wet dew of the grass as I jogged across the yard. 
     I should have said, “Oh real good one Kace, making fun of my socks that were made by 14 year old slaves in Bangladesh.” I could have got him in front of everyone.

27. Robby Blue (Fall 2005)
     The floodlights above the football field illuminated the sideways rain, but my coat hood was down. The raindrops dripping from my soggy hair heightened my gloomy mood. To an outsider, it might have looked like I was standing with a few hundred teenagers on the lower bleachers of Shoreline’s stadium. In reality, it was a social podium I’d been faithfully climbing since 2nd grade. I was placed in the third row from the top, slightly to the right from center, in between Jay and Justyn. 
     “What ya gonna do with all that junk, all that junk inside your trunk?” The stadium speakers blasted over the melancholy crowd, Shorewood was losing 28-0. I wasn’t watching the game, every twenty seconds I turned to sneak a glance at the top center row where Kyle, Eddy and the rest of the coolest seniors were standing. It was the new kid standing next them, Robby Blue, who had my spirit against the ropes. 
     He’d only transferred a week ago and they’d already adopted him as their own. He was that good. It was like he just dropped out of the universe–with his shaggy dyed-blond hair and champagne sparkling blue eyes–to crap on my entire world. I wasn’t even glancing anymore, I was maniacally staring. His good looks and tall physique were as unique a combination as his black down North Face vest over his long-sleeved white polo. 
     His laugh was one quick squawk, “Hah.” Like a sultan flicking a gold coin at a beggar. Or a mad man laughing over your shoulder at life itself. I could hear it from where I was standing. I was hooked the first time I heard it, hypnotized by jealousy and hate. 
     He thinks he’s seen it all huh? What happened to his best friends from his old school? How come he could ditch them so easily?   

     Filing out of Kyle’s party, Eric, Jay, Ian and me were all wasted, but no would be able to tell. Even in a state of lowered inhibitions, we tried even harder to maintain the tedious balance between friendship and insulting laughs. It wasn’t like in the beginning anymore, when we were younger. 
     As we filed down the cul-de-sac, past a few cars that were loading up with people, a distinct sound grabbed my full attention. 
     “Hah.” Robby was leaning into the driver’s window of a car across the street. His existence had been an annoyance at first, but he’d seriously started fucking up my life earlier at the party. I saw the way Oakley playfully grabbed his arm at the party earlier, her loud laughter at his jokes. 
     I hesitated for a moment in the night before continuing, after a few more steps I stopped again. “Yo Robby.” I shouted across the street. 
     “Ya?” He stood up at the sound of an unfamiliar voice in the dark.
     “What’s up with you and Oakley?”
     “What’s it to you?”
    I reflected for a second on how good his instant response was before shouting back, “Nothing,” And continued walking.
     “Hah. That’s what I thought.” 
     As I caught up to our car all my friends were glaring at me from inside, but they respected it enough not say anything and let it go. 
     Roby could have any of them, I agonized. Carmalita, Lena’s Veggietales, Christian perfect bf who’d recently had an epiphany “that she needed to stop judging people” and was hastily making up for years of lost time hooking up. Kate, the millionaire’s daughter, who’d done everything there is to do in life by 15 and was back on the scene again after breaking up with her 21 year old boyfriend. Terra, Isa, Mia, any girl. Why did it have to be her? 

    The next weekend I urgently prodded my friends up from their hookahs, vaporizers, and bongs. Nagging them to get to the party early this weekend, on the verge of a feverish tantrum. Robby was hosting the biggest party that weekend. 
     The ride there was a blur of emotional nausea. I just kept repeating my line over and over: “Oakley, I have a crush on you.” I couldn’t think about what came next, either way I was screwed. If she said “yes,” then what? I kiss Oakley Carter? Date her? It was too much pressure. But I didn’t have a choice anymore, we were there, there was no more time. I ran ahead of our group as soon as we parked, jogging through the crowd gathered around the door as if I was already too late. 
     I wasn’t inside a second until I was blindsided by a hyper, jumping hug. “Marcoo!” 
     It was Maddie, Oakley’s friend, I’d never seen her at a party before. She looked totally out-of-place, lost, and clearly relieved to see someone she could talk to. At the sight of her by herself without Oakley my brain began to boil. 
     “Where’s Oakley, Maddie?”
     She grinned excitedly like a 3rd grader with a big secret, “She’s with Robby, in his room.” I looked down the dim hallway to my right. Which one was it? Which door? All the voices of the party blended into one terrifying inaudible noise. I plummeted to a different dimension where there was only one thought, go, get away. I pushed Maddie aside and ran down the staircase in front of me. 
     The downstairs living room was empty, it was still early in the party. I stared at the ceiling. It was going on right above me, I was so close, where was it happening? 
     A gust of night air hit me, the screen door was open and Ryan Orton was standing on the patio holding bong. Orton was a big friendly giant, and a staple of the senior social scene. He had the kind of face you expected to have a mean side, and he did, he did drugs as mean as you can. 
     “What up, Marcizzi?” He beckoned me from outside. I stepped out into the soothing air. 
     “Oakley man, she’s a straight heartbreaker,” I let out honestly. Orton’s big lungs blew out a huge plume of smoke. 
     “You saw that, huh? Whatevs bro, fuck that trick.” He handed me the bong, it’s was then I saw he’d fallen for all her hugs and touches, too. 
     A fury of thuds preceded the unreal appearance of Oakley herself at the bottom of the staircase, followed quickly behind by her tag-a-long, Maddie. 
     “There you are. I heard you were here.” She looked ecstatic, like she was riding a wave of energy. She tried to hug me but I didn’t reciprocate, holding my hands up callously. Her waterproof, sweatproof, all day, will never fade ever, ever, blush was fading. I looked away from her to Ryan, who’d just realized he was in 3rd place. 
     “I waited for you.” She said. I took the biggest bong rip I could and blew it out between us like a fire ball. My eyes attacked her, but I was frozen, hoping her own self-critiques would do their work. 
     “Ok, fine, I’m already past my curfew, I gotta get home.” Oakley turned to leave. Maddie lingered behind for a second, smiling at me, before she followed. Like there was a one in a billion chance she was going to make me fall in love with her.
     “What was that?” He was so perplexed Ryan’s voice inversed halfway through the exclamation. “She just hooked up with homeboy two seconds ago, what a freak.” 
     I faked laugh for him. Ryan handed me the bong and headed upstairs. The itchy burning smoke moving in and out of my lungs did nothing for my mood except focus my mind on the empty routine for a precious millisecond or two. Inhale. Exhale. Then the tears started to come, followed by more terror at someone seeing the wiped away streaks on my cheeks. 
     I put down the bong and meandered through the yard until I found a side gate. I ducked away in the night to my car and crawled across the backseat. There the floodgates opened. I lied alone with the sting for hours. 
     I’ve heard of people feeling such intense negative emotions while they’re maturing that they get addicted to them. That night, in that backseat, I fused with that sting. Now when I sleep with girls I imagine all the guys that truly love them. The guys that studied with them for years dreaming about them, the guy they work with. Their future husbands. I imagine how badly they wish they were me, I imagine their pain. 
     Jay and Eric found me eventually and banged on the windows until I let them in, “Man we thought you left until we saw your car, you sick?” 
     Instead of lying I didn’t respond. 
     “Is this cause Oakley hooked up with Robby?” Eric asked intuitively. 
     “Maybe.”
     “Want me to drive?” Jay asked excitedly, since Jay got his car taken away he was always looking for any opportunity to drive. 
     “Ya,” I tossed him the keys and then smushed my face back into the car cushion. 
     “I don’t know why you like her so much, she’s not even that bomb.” Eric stated as a matter-of-fact. 
     “You can’t be more wrong.” I responded, muffled by the seat.
     “Well she’s a trick, you know she’s a trick.”
     I rolled over on my back, “I’m a slut,” I groaned fiercely.
     Eric laughed, “You’re a virgin Marco. You’re way too picky and shy.”
     “I’m a slut on the inside, if I had any game I’d be a slut. I wish I were a slut,” I chuckled deliriously. I’d lost my innocence on the computer forever ago. 
     “You know how many girls throughout history have been killed and persecuted because they were girls?” I began one of my token PSAs, but Jay and Eric weren’t having it and didn’t respond. 
     “Billions.” Laying down, looking up out the moving window, everything looked different. From the passing street lamps and trees I began trying to guess what streets we were on.

     I was sitting next to Oakley in Science class, it was the last twenty minutes when we were supposed to be reading and doing our homework for next class. Oakley was working diligently, turning the pages of her science book and taking notes. I hadn’t turned a page in my book since I opened it. I was failing the class. 
     It had started with missing just one assignment. You didn’t say no when Loren and the seniors wanted you to come get blunted at the beach. Missing one assignment was no biggie, I’d just beg for an extension and do some upper and make it up in one night. Then I’d stayed up all night chatting online instead of doing any assignments. After that there was no way I was getting back to an A or a B in the class. And no one was blowing off E-Rock to salvage a C-. Eventually, it became best just not to think about it and stay extra blunted. I stopped letting my thoughts stray beyond a few hours into the future.
     “Did you hear that Ryan dropped out of school?” She spoke to me, still looking at her book.
Of course I f-ing heard Ryan dropped out. 
     “Why do you care?” I snapped snootily. Ryan was just a brief amusement to her, someone to hug and talk to at parties, we all were. 
     “Ryan is my friend, I like him.” 
     “And when you go to college?” 
     “Well ya, until I go to college,” Wow she even admitted it, the balls on this one. I glared at her. 
     “How many girls have you slept with, Marco?” 
     I hesitated suspiciously for a minute. Had we talked about this before? What number did I tell her? I couldn’t remember. 
    It was more than just the grades, I could feel my brain changing, having a harder time remembering things, blanking on stuff all the time. My wit was getting less exceptional. But all my sleeping problems had gone away since I started getting high. A few brain cells were a small price to pay for true and instant happiness. What was the worst that could happen? That I got permanently more happy? That was probably why weed was illegal. Because capitalism wanted smart, quick productive worker bees, no matter how stressed and anxious they were. I was good looking now anyways, who gave a craps about wit? 
     “5,” I lied, “And why do you ask, Giselle?” It annoyed her when I used her middle name.
     “You know how many girls Robby has slept with?” I frowned, I hated it when Oakley’s tongue pushed up to make that sound. She used it all the time now that they were official. I could have forgiven the 1, 2, 3, even 4 times they disappeared at parties, but not this. 
     “20?” I guessed.
     “He can’t even remember. He really can’t, can you believe that? I just can’t imagine not remembering.” 
     “Trouble in paradise Oakley?” I joked before adding. “Jonsen can’t remember either.” He was the only person I knew in that club. Although I could speculate on a few others. “Ya, I really don’t know if I could date someone who couldn’t remember…” I teased. 
     “Isn’t he the cutest guy you’ve ever seen though?” 
     The wild feeling I’d been battling to suppress rose up in me again, this time it brought with it a wicked smile. “Giselle, I need to tell you something but you have to promise that you didn’t hear it from me.”  
     Her whole body immediately turned completely towards me, “Of course, I would never.” 
     I held her there and started dragging the moment out. “I really don’t know if I should tell you,” I kept saying, after anguished pauses. I stared at my book, drummed my pencil against the desk’s edge, stared into her eyes, made her promise over and over. 
     “Marco, you know you can trust me.” 
     “Ok, here we go.” I took the plunge. “So last weekend, at Robby’s birthday party at his cabin.” Oakley’s parents didn’t let her go to Robby’s cabin for the party. Mine didn’t either, but I’d ignored them and went anyways. 
     “Like later, after most people had passed out. Robby picked up half-passed-out Carol off the couch, and carried her up to his room. The skinnies all had to rally together to run up stairs and pull her away from him. And Robby was pushing them away and throwing a shit-storm about how they needed to leave them alone.” Once I finished intricately wording the story I focused eagerly back on Oakley’s face, but I was immediately dissatisfied. She looked genuinely sad, hurt. She never looked upset in my fantasies.
     She pulled out her phone and started texting away. I stared back in my book as the fear began to set it. I’d held out for a week, against all odds. Que sera sera, inevitably I was going to tell her, even if it meant getting beat up and humiliated and then being an outcast. How was anyone gonna know it was me?   
     A half hour later, during lunch, I got a text from Oakley. 
     “I’m so sorry Marco, I told him it was you. He just kept saying, ‘Who are you believing over me? Who are you putting this on? Who are you putting everything we have on? He wouldn’t talk to me until I told h–” 
     Before I could even finish reading the text I got a call from an unknown number. I switched my phone to silent and pushed open the car door we were hot boxing for some air. 
     “Ohh I messed up.” I announced to the car. “I told Oakley about Robby trying to get with Carol last weekend.” 
     This produced a bunch of laughter. 
     “I saw the whole thing,” Eric trumpeted, “That was so messed up, it’s good you told her.” 
     My phone went off again. “Now some unknown number won’t stop calling me.” My eyes were glued to the menacing blinking screen.
     “Marco, I know what you’re thinking right now.” Justyn chimed in gleaming. “‘I’m Marco, I’m gonna be try and be tough right now, and say try and say some tough shit and get my block knocked off.’ No, you’re not. no, no, no. Don’t do it. Think about your future babies.” I was too scared to laugh.         
     “Think about little Marco Jr. Caldirolis.” Justyn was cracking up.
     The phone started blinking for the third time.
     “Man, give me the phone,” Eric finally said, “I don’t give a f.” I tossed the phone to Eric. With a sunken head I listened to the one way convo. 
     “Yo, who be this? Oh Brendo, what up bro? Marco didn’t have your number dawgy, we didn’t know who was calling. He can’t talk right now bro, he’s driving right now, what up though? We’re about to go eat some burritos as big as our faces. Oh ya? He mentioned that. Ya he knows he made a mistake. He knows it’s not his business. I get he shouldn’t be talking shit. Oh I know me and you are cool dawg. So ya gonna do me a favor and chill out on my bro ok? Alright here he is.” 
     I put the speaker to my ear. “Ya?” I didn’t say hey or anything cordial, I knew what was coming.
     “I knew you liked her from that night outside of Kyles.” He yelled.  
     “Ya.” I said again, sounding defeated. 
     “And now you’re up in my personal business!” He went on shouting and threatening me, going on different tangents but always immediately coming back to his main talking point, “Why are you up in my personal business homie?”
     “She really likes you, Robby,” were the only words that I could get out.   

Spring, 2006

     Two months later, after everything had long died down, I spoke to Robby on the phone again. This time concerning one of my favorite phrases: “a draught.” I loved saying it, we all did. A weed “draught” was a time to call everyone we knew. We’d scroll through our contact lists one by one, taking turns calling our childhood friends, 2nd cousins, 5th grade crushes, anyone who’d given us the slightest inclination they smoked cheeba. 
     “I know you know someone, Patricia, don’t play around. Come on, we’ve been down since honor choir. It’s a crazy draught. Just make one call for me, please.” 
     We used all our social power to be the first to connect the dots and find some, all the while cursing the draught every two seconds. It was my reason for ending up back in Robby’s house, back in the gross space, with Eric and Jay. 
     Robby escorted us into his garage/game room, complete with a dart board on the wall and a poker table. He retook his seat next to Eddy at the poker table, we headed for the lawn chairs further back in the garage. Eddy nodded unemotionally to each of us as we passed. On the poker table were piles of discarded cigar tobacco, stems and seeds. The finished blunts were stacked 30 high in the center of the table. A stereo was playing softly but making a huge noise. “Money on my mind. Money on my mind. Fuck bitches, get money. Fuck bitches, get money.”
     “This is the cut,” Robby announced as he ran a lighter over a drying blunt. I’d never heard “cut” used to describe a good song before, it was genius. 
     “What are you guys gonna do with all those?” Jay asked.
     Robby giggled wildly. “We’re going to smoke them all this weekend.” It was an unbelievable claim, and yet there they were, a pile of 30 blunts and counting. They’re crazy, I thought. The sight was enough to leave a “no one’s home” look on my face. Fifteen minutes later, I drifted back into the moment with a question.     
     “So what ya gonna do after high school Robby? You going to college?” I asked with my most genuine “just making conversation,” naive face. 
     “Hehe ooh haha.” Robby’s eyes kept dangerously coming back to me but his smile was all forgiving. 
     “I’ve been kicked out of two high schools boii. I was held back a year, I’m 19. I got kicked out of Garfield dawg.” At the end of the statement he glanced over at Eddy for approval. Eddy nodded at him like “word up” as he tossed another blunt into the stack. Garfield was in the city and had metal detectors. 
     “No I’m not going to college. What do you learn at college anyways? I’ve been killing it since grade school boii. I got something you can’t teach. Like a newborn’s scream when the doctor spanks him on the bottom for the first time. It’s not about money or looks either. I could pick up a model naked. You know my steelo.” Robby glowed at his words like he was awe-struck at himself yet again. 
     “How you get good at fucking?” He asked the group. Silence. “Come on, how you get good at fucking?” Read a book? I almost guessed. “You fuck-a-lot.” He let this set in while he laughed loudly at himself, one of the constant reminders to everyone who his primary audience was. 
     “How you get good at dancing? You dance-a-lot. How you get good at math?” The ashes from the circling blunt fell freely to the cement floor without a care. 
     “So community college?” I persisted. 
     Robby smiled even bigger. “My uncle was telling me about this helicopter pilot program. He said helicopter pilots make bank. I’m gonna fly helicopters.” You could tell it was his 5th or 6th choice, but it was one of the cleverest 6th choices I’d ever heard. 

     In a dim cramped stairwell I came across Oakley and Robby alone. We were at some girl’s house. To my frustration the party hosts were getting hella random, mean nothing. Robby was hunched over in the middle of the steps. He looked half conscious. 
     Oakley leaned in and put her hands on him, “Robby, what do you want?” He swatted her away with a violent hand motion. 
     “I can’t even handle you right now,” She struck back nastily with her words. 
     “Tst, tst.” Was all he said, “Tst, tst,” Then ructious laughter. A clown without his makeup. I’d taken a watchful seat at the top of the stairs. Oakley saw me and gave me a frustrated look, I shrugged sympathetically. 
     Robby jolted up and flailed his arms against the walls like a beam. He froze there for scary moment before stumbling down the stairs. He disappeared into the basement. 
     Oakley walked up to sit next to me. 
     “He’s been getting like this every weekend.” 
     “Weird.” I’d seen enough to know that was some serious drug stuff. 
     “What are you doing after the party?” 
     “I gotta feed my dog, my parents are out of town.” My house was only two blocks away from this sorry excuse for a party. One of Oakley’s private school friends appeared at the bottom of the staircase. Oakley had a different private school friend with her every weekend. It was incredible how she kept in touch with all her friends, she had so many she still saw.
     “Can we come with you?” 
     “For sure.” 
     As we strolled, I asked Oakley’s friend to tell me how they first met. It was soccer. It turned out she hated Oakley at first sight. I reflected on how obnoxiously talkative Oakley was in 7th grade, when her great charisma knew no tact. She was an easy target to hate. 
     For two blocks my imagination ran wild. But the charade couldn’t go any farther than my front steps. I couldn’t let them in, there were oxygen tanks in the living room, wheel chairs and ambiguous pink bins in the basement. We were stuck. I let my dog out on the steps, we all petted him as we talked for a minute. I kept petting him while I watched them walk off into the night.   

     Two weeks later, I was hanging out at Oakley’s, watching her play solitaire on her computer. I was always uneasy at her house. Constantly reminded about the time I ran around her house drunk when I was 14, tearing through her underwear drawer. Other than that I loved it. The fancy big kitchen, the tidiness of everything that just emanated structure. Her younger sister was studiously memorizing a puzzle of flash cards spread out on the living room carpet. 
     Can you feel the love tonight played tenderly in the background as I watched her furiously click the screen. 
     “I always wondered what the great Oakley Carter did in her spare time,” I said from behind her. The joke was in how dead seriously I said it.
     “I haven’t talked to Robby in a week,” She said abruptly over her shoulder. “We’re dunzo. I haven’t told anyone yet, not even my mom. You can’t tell anyone.”
     “What happened?” I couldn’t wait to hear the dirt on Robby. [13]
     “Have you ever been with someone so long that you just can’t stand everything they do?”
     “Oh definitely.” How many relationships was this for her? 4? I hadn’t even had one, that was how far behind I was.  
[13] The saddest thing about Robby Blue is that soon he will be withered (if he isn’t already), with even darker bags under his eyes—from all the drugs, or the heavy weight of young adult malaise and regret he must carry. Probably the drugs though. And no one will know he was once as close to perfection as it gets. If I burned too bright to fast…Well he was Icarus in a jet, plugging.

28. Journal Entry (Spring, 2011)
     In Richmond Beach there’s a five bedroom house that’s been deserted for 6 years. I visit it every few month to get nostalgic. It’s like a secret tomb I have a key to. The inside’s cluttered with rows of plastic shelves and hundreds of dusty boxes. Rooms and rooms full. It’s overwhelming enough to always make me pause for a while when I go in. 
     I look at the Bowflex covered in a half inch of dust and remember the day my step-dad and mom bought it. My mom gave her Bowflex stump speech for a week, about its convenience and her and Allan’s goals to get in better shape. They never used it once. Just like the treadmill and the foosball table. I take one of the boxes down. (Most aren’t even sorted). Inside is a book, a mini fan, some screwdrivers, and fishing wire. The next one’s an orgy of baseball and magic cards, I pull gobs out and look through them. Sentimental ornaments are my favorite finds–holiday decorations, figurine collections. There’s microscopes, mirrors. Paintings, lights, lamps, Italian fine china, silverware, vcrs, board games. Biking helmets, sleeping bags, tents, ski boots, computers. Above all are packages of photos, not just of us, people I’ve never met, great aunts, keepsake keepsakes. And papers. Financial documents diligently kept all these years, now as valuable as seaweed. 
     It’s during one of these soal-searching inventory expeditions that I find a bound notebook filled with worn and fragile letters. They’re all post marked from Mexico, written to my mom from my dad. My dad did community work there in his early twenties. My age. My mom saved them all these years. I make it three sentences before tearing up. 
     “Today I was out working with Francisco and Luis in “la milpa” and coming back in the afternoon they showed me a small lake to swim in. I, instantaneously, upon seeing the combination of the dry land and flowing water and the landscape, thought of you and our “easy” hours on the Mabton River, relaxing and talking and swimming and beating the heat. It made me want to go swimming with you so much. Even working in the fields I can’t shake missing you. I was learning about how to grow Frijoles alongside the corn and I think I must have turned to you and said, “Isn’t this something?” a couple of hundred times in my mind…I was sitting outside this evening watching the sunset, saying a few prayers, trying to relax – but I realized several times that looking down, I was wearing the U of W tee-shirt that you wore a few nights, and I began to think of it on you, and saw your smile, and felt you hugging me and.. I went inside and tried to read the most interesting book I could – a social analysis of Mark’s gospel – no luck, by the first couple of pages into it I was thinking of you. So I said, “I’m going to write her for a while.” I like writing to you – I feel like you’re near for a while and I’m talking to you. I love you, mi esposa, Talking to you was so good, hearing about what’s been happening, how you’ve been feeling. We’ve become a part of each other in a very sensing way, in trust. I am sincerely and very serenely yours for as long as you wish.
     You know, my best friend and lover – con toda sinceridad, I’m feeling at peace, (I feel like you’re here) I don’t feel vulnerable, I’m thankful for life, I feel I know where I’m going, god is good. I keep you in my thoughts…
     I love you. You’re beautiful, Ms. Caldirola-Davis; I’ve told you I miss you a lot – 5 weeks, hmmm, I should last one more on my own and then I don’t know – I’ll make it, yessiree. I feel my style cramped when you call and I can’t tell you all I want to tell you of my love for you because Sandra is right there, and being shy, I just can’t feel so free to say right off, “Te amo a ti. It’s so good to hear your voice. I love you tatissimo.” (You understand now that “You know it,” means all of the above). I haven’t told her yet were getting married – she’d give me the same look you’d get from some of the close friends back home – “Cynics.”  
     Barbara Caldirola-Davis I am hopelessly hooked on you. I just got here and read your letters – in chronological order (I took a deep breathe to be able to achieve this goal—normally I would have just started ripping and falling on the ground saying “a letter from Barbara, igads, wow, whew, lordy…) After I placed them in chronological order, I then fell on the ground, ripping and praying… Your letters were so joyful – I had a grin on my face the whole time. God knows I miss you. (All the gossip was great – I’m sworn to total secrecy.) I feel so attuned to you – if you were here I’d buy you a chocolate bar (If you’d give me a little bite) and we could go up on the roof of the church and watch the “luceros” or the lights that flicker in the mountains. And we could laugh and laugh, and plan and gossip a bit more, heh, heh. You’re a fountain of life, Caldirola, you know that. I love you so much. I’ve been dwelling on the fact that I caused you some pain by my three week writing lapse in Tlacotepec, “Davis you twerp, where were you at, chump?” I have visions of your anguished face and it makes me “grita” and walk and pace and moan…forgive me. Never will “business” get in the driver’s seat again. You make me feel so good. To have someone care for you, and to care for them with all your heart – I think creation is flowing – I’m so interested in everything happening to you. I go over your letters over and over to pick up everything…and they energize me (I wish men had purses in which I could carry them with me all day) ”   
     The letters go on like this, forty of them. These words brought my brother and me into this world. But their marriage wasn’t love letters. That’s not what happened. What happened is they couldn’t see past their best intentions. At first my dad wasn’t successful enough–my mom was a lawyer and could have easily married a doctor. And then when my dad did get on, he was always too busy. 
     And my mom, well she didn’t do anything right. She did the dishes wrong, didn’t wear the right things. Once she didn’t feel like wearing high heels to a formal evening event at the museum–big mistake–my dad knew it was utterly embarrassing to wear anything but high heels that night. He stormed off for the whole day. She liked to ask waiters and front desk people at hotels for special favors, she was a lawyer and believed in being pushy, it was always absolutely earth-shattering for my dad. 
     My most vivid memory of their marriage is trying to frantically smush my head together with our dog’s head in such a way that I could plug both our ears at the same time from the fighting. After it was all over I’d always run to my mom’s rescue, to comfort her. 
     When we felt like skipping church we’d set up at-home family-services, “Give a sermon Marco,” They’d persist. 
     I once stood up in all my 4-year-old brilliance and said, “No fight. God says no fight.” And everyone cried and they promised to get better. 
     My mom getting cancer only confounded everything, at first bringing them closer together and then maxing out my dad’s social anxieties with the wigs, wheelchairs and special requests at restaurants.
     During one of their separations I found myself stranded in the middle of our walkway as my mom, standing by our doorway, and my dad, by his car, both kept calling me to come with them after a heated argument over a visitation mix-up. After indecisively going towards one, then the other, I just plumped down exactly in the middle and started sobbing. 
     By six they were dunzo, my mom told me at Baskin-Robbins.

29. Horse Dewormer
     A hush had come over Shorewood: coke. You had no idea who was doing it, people were disappearing at parties. Bathroom doors were getting locked. Lines were being drawn and best friends had to pick sides. I was vehemently opposed from the beginning, I’d promised myself long ago to never do coke. I’d stuck to my guns this time, I rolled my eyes at all the “first time” stories. Coke these days wasn’t even real, I’d read about all the cheap chemicals like horse dewormer, paint thinner and dentist numbing agents that were mixed in with the “coke.” 
     So when Jeff and Justyn would mysteriously reappear at a party, I’d joke wildly, “Mmm how was that horse dewormer guys? Was that paint thinner bomb?” They never said anything back, their dismissive silence was enough of a response. They were doing fucking coke.  
     I flipped sides in the middle of Social Psych. I was staring at George Gerald, a goober I’d grown up playing tennis with. He was blazed, eyes barely open, with a big obvious grin on his rectangle face. His bright braces shinned proudly. He wasn’t even hiding that he was high. How could the teacher not see? It was infuriating. It wasn’t just him, lots of kids were getting high now and throwing their own dweeby parties. It was staring at George Gerald in social psych that I realized I needed to get inside those bathrooms. 
     When the period ended I found Jeff and said, “Come on Jeff, I want to get blown.” 
     He gave me a poker face. “Are you serious?” 
     “Yep, I know you’re holding. Very exciting day Jeff. Big day,” I playfully mocked. 
     “No way.” He lit up excitedly. “Alright. Wanna skip 5th?” 
     I offered my failing progress report as a tooter and we did lines off my science book. As an experience it wasn’t great. It made me feel so weird and flighty that I had to smoke a ton of weed to balance it out. The best part by far was the actual act of snorting it. The idea of being on coke, the glamour of all the movies and songs. I had some hilarious coke jokes too. 
     “Cut me up a shamu line, dawg. Aw ya gimmie some of that nose candy.” 
     Then after I’d snort the baby laxative I’d shout out, “Hallelujah! Praise Jesús, Mary and Joseph!” or “I can’t feel my face! I can do anything!” Laughs every time. Coke was far from my favorite, but it got me into the bathrooms, with Mia, Mike, Loren, Jonsen and the rest. A member of the secret society within the secret society.

30. Rehab (Spring, 2006)
     I woke up to the ruffling of my step-dad, Allan, going through my jeans on the floor. I kept pretending to sleep, but I was chainsaw awake. Did I leave anything in my pockets? A lighter?    
     “Good morning Allan.” I pretended to groan irritably. The oaf didn’t respond. He looked pissed. The jingle of my keys signaled his aim, once he had them he stormed out of my room. In an attempt to appear innocent and relaxed I lay in my bed for an anxious ten minutes before taking my blanket down the hall to my mom’s room. 
     Leaning up half way against her make-shift recliner of four or five pillows my mom’s eyes were closed but she was never fully asleep. The Sunday paper was lying open across her feet. 
     I crawled into the bed and moved the pink spit/vomit bin that was always by her side. Her pituitary gland didn’t work because of the steroids so she was always spitting out phlegm. 
     I cuddled up next to her, draping my arm over her pot belly. Her thin greyish hair was her most human feature. Her whole body was bloated because of the steroids. None of her glands worked right anymore. She was so full of fluids her legs leak tears. Her face was puffy and swollen. 
     Her bug eyes opened to my touch, “Hey sunshine,” she said, reaching her arm over to pat my arm. I looked at the air tube sticking in her nose. I hated that air tube. I’d come home one day a year ago to find a big bold letter sign reading, “Caution Oxygen in Use: No Smoking, Sparks or Open Flames” taped to our front door. I was so angry I’d it first from that stupid sign.  
     “Allan took my keys,” I complained. 
     “He found some weed pipes in your car, Marco,” She said. It was the worst case scenario. They weren’t just weed pipes, Eric’s 3 foot bong, Kim Bong-Il, was in my trunk. My double-perk bubbler, Kunta Kiefte was in the dash. 
     “Are they yours, Marco?” She asked compassionately. Her love for me had no bottom. Her sons were the reason she was living. The reason she’d fought so hard for 14 years.
     “No, of course not,” I snapped defensively, “They’re Eric’s.”
     “Come on honey, you can tell me the truth.”
     “I’m honest to a fault mom, that’s my nature, you know that. I’d tell you.”
     “Allan and I were talking and we decided we’re taking your car until you take a substance abuse evaluation.” It was bad, but surprisingly my usual desperate, feverish outbursts weren’t taking over, I was dull. I’d been so careless lately how could I not get caught? This was the moment I’d built my life around preventing, for 4 years, my parents knowing I smoked pot. The thought of life without the burden was both liberating and terrifying, the duality of it caused me to twist in the bed, searching for a cool spot of fabric to comfort me.
     “Ok I’ll go, but I have to get that bong back to Eric, mom. It’s 300 dollars, it’s called Kim Bong-Il.” I told her the name hoping she’d laugh and get how cool naming a bong was. To my frustration, it didn’t elicit a reaction. 
     My mom called to Allan, he stomped in the room and fumed while my mom instructed him to give the bong back. 
     “No. I’m gonna break them.” He taunted me. My step-dad and me had been playing this game for some time, he was always overly suspicious of me. His own sons had taught him some hard lessons. And now the silly fool was glaring at me like he’d won. I’d stopped trying.
     “No honey, he’s agreed to go to the evaluation. Give them back.” From my mom’s side I glared like a fox at the red-faced blowhard. 
      How quickly can I get my pee clean? I planned. I’ll start taking Niacin today. 

     We’d been losing people to rehab since middle school. The goobers who’d AP, who’d do Adderall a month straight, or 20 e pills in a week, overdose on coke. [14] Kids who didn’t have their parents in check. Some with potential. Only a couple had been to rehab and made it back, most were forced to transfer schools and never seen again. We’d laugh at their memory and joke, “Rehab’s for quitters.” 
[14] One of Duncan’s friends, Ivar, AP’d drinking with us in 8th grade. We’d decided to hide him in the bushes at the beach to sleep it off. When Duncan went back for him later—despite my adamant reassurances that he was fine and we should leave him until the morning—Duncan found Ivar at the bottom of 15 foot ravine tangled in blackberry bushes with his own vomit all over him. Duncan immediately called an ambulance and took the fall with him. Ivar got sent away after that. The doctors said Duncan might have saved his life.
     I had two weeks. I started a Niacin regime. I broke out in a rash the first day and spent the night in front of two fans. I stopped smoking pot, but coke and the other stuff only stayed in your system a few days. I was doing good, completely on track, until the day before my test. 
     It wasn’t even on a weekend. I was sitting around bored at the beach with Jon at 5pm on a Tuesday when Jamilee pulled up next to us.
     “Hey guys.” As a senior, Jamilee’s personality was so genuinely warm and friendly it was as if that snobbish 11-year old look I knew from the park never existed. I knew it was still somewhere deep down inside her though. Jamilee drifted in and out of the Shorewood’s scene. She was one of the hard partying beautiful girls that spent most their time with older guys. 
     “There’s a storm coming in.” She pointed to sliver of black on the horizon. “I just got a bunch of free blow from this homie and I’m about to do hella of it, you want in? 
     Jon looked over at me. 
     “F-it.” We hopped into her car. 
     Each line made me more anxious about failing my test the next day, feel more gross, like I needed to run off in five different direction. Every line was a toast to the memory of Jamilee’s 11-year-old perfection. Destiny had brought us down the same path, back together. It all fit together so perfectly. As the blackened sky grew closer we walked to the edge of the beach’s biggest bluff. The storm clouds stampeded towards us like a sublime rolling chimera until we were face to face, close enough to touch it. 
     The next day I begged the counselor not to give me a UA. 
     “Look, my mom is very ill, she’s probably dying. Hearing the news that her son has been doing drugs might kill her. You can’t tell her, you really can’t.” She told them anyways and I was enrolled into the outpatient program. 
     The whole way home I kicked the back of my mom’s chair violently. This would cause Allan to slam the car to the side of the road and threaten to kick me out. 
     “Your mom’s very ill, you little punk. Her spine’s degenerating. She’s had a shoulder replacement and she needs a hip replacement. What are you thinking?”   
     When he’d start driving again I’d kick both their seats even harder. 
    “You’ll never understand. You’ve never been as cool as I am. You’ve never walked into a party with the most popular kids in your entire school. It’s the greatest feeling in the world.”
     
     I was the oldest kid in my outpatient group. Most kids were in middle school, with snide looks implanted on their faces and crazy fucking-up-with-a-purpose war stories. I took the less-time-for-good-behavior approach and sneered at the trouble makers. I never had any intention of quitting drugs, but I retained a lot of the information. I still got kicked out. I wrote a bunch of nasty things in my “journal” about the fat counselors. How eating was an “addiction,” and sitting in front of the TV was an “addiction.” How being a controlling B counselor was an “addiction.” Everyone got kicked out eventually. By then my mom was back in the hospital so no one said anything. The same night I got kicked out I was right back to doing what I was doing. 

31. No Worries (Spring 2006)
     Inside Desean’s car I could only imagine the howling night wind roaring through the ferry terminal. I was with two of Duncan’s friends, Marquis and Desean. They were using the downtime on the ferry to start cutting up lines on a cd case on the center console. 
     Shorecrest’s party scene was much more gangster than the Shorewood’s. They used heavier slang and acted harder. But the wannabes were always a step behind the drug trends at Shorewood. My drug steez let me fit in with Duncan’s friends without having to add a single “cop that,” or “stuntin” to my vocabulary. Tactfully drop “being blown” enough in stories and you’ll eventually get a mild mannered call from some g’s asking you to “hook them up.” 
     I’d hooked them up that night, after over charging them–and feeling damn good about it. I hung out with Duncan and his friends every three weekends. It was the perfect ratio. When my Shorewood friends annoyed me I just dipped out to the Shorecrest scene for the weekend. I loved being able to switch between the two “rival” groups. It was social genius stuff. That night the big Shorecrest party was at a cabin across the sound. 
     My spread eagle arms and legs took up the empty backseat. While their ID’s busily went about the never ending work of preparing the chunky flakes for inhalation, I got a great idea for a joke. I leaned in and started sweet talking the shiny powder. 
     “Aw ya, you’re some dirty coke aren’t ya? You want all up in my nasal don’t ya? Ya you do. You want deep up in there.” 
     I got chuckles but then Marquis said a little too seriously, “You a foo.” 
     The kinda-diss caused me to shoot Marquis a mean look but I ran into Marquis’ even colder face. Man, everything is always so serious with these guys, I thought. Why don’t you make a joke, Marquis? 
     “Oh come on, that’s funny.” I had to use my bad-joke back off line. “Yo Desean, cut me up a fatty.” I immediately commanded, to take everyone’s mind off the whole thing. 
     “Aight.” These kids thought they knew about blow. He lined up a daunting gob. 
     I did it and then falling back in my seat I put two peace signs up in the air and start waving them, exclaiming, “I’m not a crook, I’m not a crook.” I didn’t even wait to see that one land, cockily I turned out the window. They laughed, but not hard enough. They didn’t even know who Richard Nixon was. Avi would have gotten the brilliance of that joke. F-ing douchebag. 
     I felt the familiar raw edginess of the concoction rushing on. Then, watching one of the tied up lifebouy’s thrashing in the wind, time froze, for a millisecond, it completely froze. Dread hit me like a child in the pitch black. Detergent bottles and big green yuck faces flashed across my mind. What did I just put into my body? I was so unnerved that I dropped all charades of being cool and grasped out for comfort. 
     “Hey, you guy feel alright?” 
     “I don’t know, I feel kind of sick. I’m gonna hold up on it for a minute.” Desean answered.
     “I’m posted dawg,” Marquis said defiantly. 
     I fell into dead silence, but my thoughts were pounding. Desean is sick too, this is definitely some bad coke. Oh god. I deserve this. Ok, it’s ok. How many times have you been through these exact scary sensations on drugs? Coke only lasts a half hour, that’s nothing compared to some of the bad trips you’ve been through. But what if this is an overdose? Desean’s sick, and I did twice as much as him. What if I’m dying? I can’t call 911, I’d rather die than face the social disgrace. 
     By the time we reached the cabin I was trembling like a tuning fork. All my senses were pointed inward as we entered and began greeting people, I didn’t even say hi to anyone. The kitchen was nice, 70’s appliances. I perched up on the first open space on the counter top and silently resumed panicking. The evidence was too great, the inexplicable sensation, how shitty I felt, I was overdosing. I couldn’t call 911, I could only tough it out. Duncan finally came over to me.    
     “Yo Marky Mark, you alright? You look sick. You wanna smoke a blunt?” 
     “I’m not feeling well.” I felt feverish, this is what it must feel like to die. I waved him off. Duncan was busy, he was co-hosting the party and he was already party OCD. 
     I’m so sick I don’t even feel like smoking, I panicked. How sick do I look? Oh god. 
     I sat there, stuck, for an hour, until some ghastly whim caused me to bolt for the deck. I needed some last fresh air before I died. On the deck, my behavior caught some people’s attention. 
     “You okay, Marco? You’re shaking? You want a cigarette? Someone get him some water.” I didn’t respond, I just shook until they were all looking at me, my arms frozen across my chest. The smothering crowd of concerned faces caused me to flee again. I had to get away from people. 
     I pushed through the crowd until one of my nudges produced a halting bark, “You better step back bitch.” I turned around to face Janae, Shorecrest’s Janae, Janae James, one of the coolest girls at Shorecrest. She was surrounded by a circle of her girlfriends. There was just something about that name. When I was younger I was fascinated with this coincidence. The best explanation I had was that parents who named their daughters Janae around 1988 must have been more likely to foster those perfect conditions that created super popular kids. But this type of analysis didn’t register when I was in middle school, I’d settled on the conclusion that Janaes were just meant to stand out, Marys may never understand. 
     “Excuse me,” I said. We’d been introduced a half dozen times and there was still no hint of recognition in her face.
     Her bunched up nose and eyebrows weren’t nearly as scary as they used to be. A memory hit me from when I was a foot shorter, in 7th grade, looking up terrifyingly at her big hoop earrings as I’d stood next to Duncan in a circle of Kellogg kids. Someone had asked her about a popular boy she’d been flirting with. “I only date ballers,” She’d decreed with a retarded squint. I’d trembled then. 
     “Keep walking,” Janae answered to my apology.    
     “I only date ballers,” I said back, softly. It’s funny the offhand things that end up staying with you forever.
     “Huh?” 
     “Nothing,” I smiled creepily and scurried along. The run-in took my mind off my desperate predicament for a few moments, but the terror rushed back as fast as a thought. I scampered downstairs and crawled on top of a bunk bed I found inside a dark bedroom. 
     God get me through this and I will start volunteering at a homeless shelter, I promised. I sunk my head into my hands until kaleidoscopes of light and perler bead visions began tormenting me. A hint of green light from my pocket flashed in the dark, I pulled out my phone, it red “home calling.” I hadn’t given them an excuse for tonight, I’d just ignored their calls. They’d called six times straight earlier. 
     I answered it, “Hi.” I started scrambling something together. I’m sorry for not calling you earlier, I thought this cabin party would be so cool, but it sucks. I really regret coming.
     “Oh Marco… Hi honey, how are you?” My mom’s voice doesn’t sound right. 
     “I’m good mom… How are you..?”
     “Well dear, I had something important to call you about, but now I.. I.. I just can’t remember it. How funny is that? What a thing?”
     “Oh, ok.” She got like this sometimes because of her pain meds. 
     “Oh, now I remember. The remote. I can’t find the remote. Have you seen it?”
     “Did you check the cushions mom?” She sounded preoccupied, I could imagine her at home in her pajama once piece, hobbling and propping herself around our Purell smelling living room searching for the remote.
     “Yes, I checked the cushons… Oh Marco,” She paused to laugh at herself. “Here it is. It was under my seat. Can you believe that?”
     “Funny mom. Glad you found it. I gotta go, love you.”
     “Ok, love you my dear.” I hung up the phone and reburied my head into the pillow.      
     Amidst the hundreds of thoughts jerking at me a deep notion of life crossed my mind, disappearing before I could wrap my head around it. Life’s like a filthy house? Like the crack shack? A Mexican slum? Mushy? Something about garbage… Trying to recall the train of thought that led me there made me feel sickly dizzy like trying to solve a huge math equation. I spent the rest of the night crashing in and out of sleep. Fluctuating between resigning myself to die and mustering all my strength to keep living. 
     The next morning wasn’t like after the other bad trips, where I immediately felt somewhat better, overjoyed to be given a second chance. There was no place for celebration with this one. It took a month for the taint to ease, to get back into a groove. That was the last time I ever snorted anything. You couldn’t pay me enough to do it again. 

32. Casey Something (Summer, 2006)
     With a week left in the school year most of the seniors weren’t around campus anymore, their great railing was as deserted as a ski resort in summer. A few of us had gathered around the relic to try and recreate the magic. I was doing my best Loren impression, leaning back into the air with my feet tangled through the bars for support. The group assembled around me was a travesty. My best friends had all dropped out. The railing was now a hodge-podge circle of skaters and sophomore hard-druggies. Sophomores! 
     The nerve on these kids, I thought. They’re not even saying anything, they’re just standing around nervously. I wasn’t saying anything either, I never had anything to talk about with the skaters. Did you guys see that hot new skate video? 
     While I was contemplating the possibility of a whole year of this, a 300 dollar blonde hairdo entered the courtyard. Casey something, a senior who transferred last year. When I saw her around campus it never felt right. She was acquaintances with the most popular kids, but even amongst them she stood out like a whale in a fish tank. Her hair was just too nice, her clothes too mature, she looked like a 24 year old. It was why I never bothered to learn her last name. 
     Casey was walking directly at us. Is she coming over to us? Why is she alone? 
     As she got closer I lost track of her in my peripheral vision. Then I felt a hand crawl up around my back.
     “Hey big boys.” 	
     I didn’t even look over my shoulder, I could tell by the stone look on a skater, Ross’ face, it was her.
     “We were just talking about skipping 5th to blow a blunt,” Ross lied invitingly. “What’s up with you?”
     “Oh I’m good, I’m just walking and talking.” While I tensed up like a statue her finger started making circles around the back of my shoulder. Something was clearly up, but I didn’t stop her. I wasn’t going to feel her up back, but I wasn’t not going to stop her. 
     “You smell nice,” Casey said with what I assumed was sarcasm because I just smoked a cigarette. 
     “Are you going to 5th?” I asked, finally turning to her. Her well-trained eyes responded attentively.
     “I need to go to my academic advisor, but I’m lost.” 
     “It’s by the office.” Ross pointed down the hall. 
     “They transferred over my credits wrong, can you believe that? They’re trying to say I can’t graduate.” She paused, but none of us jumped in fast enough, “Sure I’m not an A student, but I get B’s and C’s. I handle my shit, I’ve never failed a class.” 
     “That’s bunk,” Ross replied characteristically.
     “Ok I’ve failed one class.” She blurted out. This got a big laugh from everyone. “Physics, but that doesn’t count, that teacher was a creep. He hit on me, I swear. I even got it taken off my record.” 
     Right as my fantasies really got going Casey pulled her unreciprocated arm away from my body and jumped over to hold Ross. In-between she suspiciously stumbled for a second before grabbing onto him. She reached behind his neck and pulled out the tag of his shirt, “Where was your shirt made? Heaven?”
     “What are you on?” I interjected laughing. 
     “I’m not on anything.” She answered annoyed. “Well… I was feeling under the weather so I took this flu medicine.” 
     “Oh ya, ‘flu medicine,’” I kid. The bell rang and everyone walked off except Casey and the two of us she’d grabbed. 
     “I swear, I’m not on anything.” She declared again once the hallway died down, this time suspiciously unprompted.
     “How much flu medicine did you take?” I asked. Maybe she is robotripping? Robotripping was a fad of drinking robotussin that had hit a few months ago. Eric, Jay, Jon, Jeff and, Nate had all done it.   
     “I don’t know…” She said. 
     Ross and I both looked at each other seriously. “Do you need help?”  
     “I need to go to the academic advisor.” 
     “I don’t think you should go to the academic advisor right now.” 
     “Well, then I want to go home. Will one of you take me home?” 
     “I’ll take her,” I volunteered faster than a saint. 
     “I better help,” Ross added. As we headed for my car Casey started walking off kilter, laughing as she ran into garbage cans. Ross and I worked together to hold her between us and keep her on track.   
     Casey lived in a nice area, in a rambler amongst three story houses. After she opened her door she ran inside, leaving Ross and I standing hesitantly outside. By the time we decided we to step in and follow her she’d returned holding a big framed picture. The picture was of an older man in a pilot’s uniform kissing another man on the cheek.
     “Before you even ask, or get to looking at this picture and start wondering, this is my dad.” She pointed to the pilot. “He’s gay. If you got anything to say about it you can get the fuck out. I love my dad more than anything. Seriously, if that’s a problem, let’s do this right now.” She put a fist in the air and gave us a dirty look as we laughed at her. It was impossible to tell if she was being serious or making jokes. 
     “As you can see, he’s also a pilot. He’s gone for weeks at a time, right now he’s in the Philippines.” She ran off back into the house. 
     Cautiously, I walked in and took a seat on the edge of a leather couch. The clothes laying all over the very well-kept house suggested she’d had the place to herself for a bit. Ross threw himself on a loveseat with a pile clothes on it. 
      “Have you guys ever seen a fake ID before?” She yelled from a room down the hallway. 
      “You have a fake ID?” 
      Footsteps scurried down the wood floor hallway until Casey appeared barefoot and shirtless. She was halfway through changing, in only a black bra and jeans, holding a wallet that she tossed at me. Tingles ran down my back like a hot liquid. 
     “Okay you guys have to be honest, do you like this bra? I got it in New York. Is the bow stupid?” She pointed at the puffy dangling bow in the middle. I raised my palm up as a blinder to politely half block her from my vision. 
     “You already know its bomb,” Ross complimented. 
     “It’s the nicest bra I’ve seen,” I said. The big bow was definitely stupid. 
     She didn’t seem satisfied and started modeling herself in front of a mirror on the wall. I pretend to be interested in the fake ID for a second before tossing it over to Ross. 
     “You go out to clubs?” 
     “All the time,” she answered as she headed back down the hallway. “I meet all kinds of guys out, doctors and lawyers, they buy me stuff. I met a surgeon last week.” The hope I’d been holding onto of seducing her was thrown away with the comment. Ross and I made funny faces at each other until she reappeared again in pajamas.     
     “I was feeling really sick so I bought these this morning.” She threw a bottle of flu medication over to Ross as she walked past us into the kitchen. “You guys want some cookies?” 
     He unscrewed the top and turned over the bottle to show me it was empty. 
     “You ate the whole bottle?” I asked alarmingly. She came back and settled on a sofa with an unopened cookie box. 
     “I guess”
     “Why?” 
     “I felt sick, I feel better now.”
     “You tried to kill yourself?” She was silent.     
     “Do you know how good your life is?” This was the opening to one of my favorite spiels.      
     No response. 
     “Twenty thousand children die a day from poverty. Even more have their growth stunted from malnutrition. A 1.5 billion people can’t read or write. Billions without sanitation, clean water. You can shower, go to the bathroom, you sleep on pillows, and you’ve never known hunger or the cold.” I recalled the last time I gave this speech, in social psych, right before volunteering to eat some dog food for a class experiment. 
     Casey had her gaze buried in the cookie box nutritional information.  
     “And you’re beautiful.” 
     This got a reaction from her. “Oh really? How beautiful?”
     “More beautiful than you’ll never know.” She smiled faintly but still looked unsatisfied, as if what she really wanted me to tell her was that she was short and her jaw was kind of boney. “You could be blind,” I continued, “You can see, what a gift is it to see, to hear, to touch.” I ran my fingers along the clingy leather texture of the couch.   
     The smile turned back into a frown. “Are you happy?” She asked. “You look happy.” 
     “I am happy. And you should be to. Billions of people can’t even imagine how good it is to be you.” 
     We sat with her as she fell asleep, curled up with her unopened cookie box. 
     On the way home I ruminated deeply, unable to imagine Casey’s unhappiness. To be living in paradise and not be able to enjoy it. Why couldn’t she see how lucky she was? We all had problems. 
     From my car console I pulled out my cigarette case. Throughout the day I looked inside it. Half the case was lined with 10 soft, immaculately rolled cigarettes squeezed together by a lighter. A perfectly rolled up bag of chronic was fit neatly into the other half of the box. Everything I need was there, organized perfectly inside the little case. 
     I’d quit e and coke forever. I’d quit hallucinogens forever after being chased by dagger wielding snake men and dragons. I’d quit painkillers and morphine after getting dope sick. But, overall, the last four years had been pure happiness, I was truly happy, and weed had been with me the whole way. Instant and fool proof gratification. 
    Running my finger along the evenness of the packed cigarettes butts I looked up to the sky and proudly begrudged god. Is that all you got? It doesn’t matter what else happens to me, do your worst. I’ll be fine as long as I have my weed and cigarettes.   
     I saw Casey in passing at a graduation event a week later. She smiled but we were never seen talking again. 

Part 4.

33. We Cannot Hold (Summer, 2006)
     I woke up on a sunny morning at summer camp. I was extra groggy and gross as usual, but one of my first thoughts happily popped me out of bed and led me into the woods, giddy with anticipation. The first bowl of the day was always the best. Every hit after that only made you more tired. I’d be sleepwalking by 3, asleep by 7.  
     The first tickle of smoke trickling into my lungs caused me to vomit a waterfall of cheese blintzes and tacos. Leaving me stunned, burping up puffs of smoke and chunks of food. I didn’t feel like I had a flu, my stomach just hurt like crazy. I went to lay down in the nurse’s office. Bedridden with stabbing bloatedness, I didn’t smoke the rest of the day. Or the next. 
     On the third day, back at home and feeling a little better, I decided to ease back into it and invited a few friends over to watch a movie and get high. After two puffs I threw up three times all over the floor and became positive that the weed was laced with chemicals and was a bad mix. 
     I quickly rushed my friends out of the house, “Sorry guys I have the flu, plus I got rush to go visit my mom in the hospital, her condition’s getting worst.” I only felt some relief after the ambulance paramedics checked me out and assured me I was fine. The next day I bought a bag of weed from my most trusted source. After all that I just had to get high and relax. I told him that there was some laced weed going around and he promised me his stuff was all natural. 
     After a puff I ended up forcing my friend to take me to the emergency room. 
     It was something with my stomach I told the doctor. Cancer, or a parasite from my trip to Mexico, from that feces infested river water. I envisioned a five feet long worm that’d been growing inside me for over a year, eating my organs. They checked me out and said I was fine, to come back if something new came up. Two days later I threw up three glasses of champagne at my dad’s wedding. I forced my brother to take me to the ER. 
     This time I said something right because they scheduled me for an endoscopy the next day. I was thrilled the doctors were finally going to do something. I knew my body, I knew when something was wrong. My mom’s tumor grew in her stomach for over a year, by the time it was discovered it was the size of loaf of bread. That wasn’t going to happen to me. 
     When my dad and I met with the doctor after the operation he delivered me the awful news, they didn’t find anything. 
     He looked me in the eye and said, “Marco, I think you’ve been having panic attacks, that’s what’s making you throw up.” He recommended I see a psychiatrist and a therapist. 
     On the way home my dad told me about how anxiety and panic runs in my family. How my mom had debilitating panic attacks during law school. How my uncle lost his big modeling career because of panic. How my aunt was too afraid to drive. I half listened, mainly thinking about how I couldn’t smoke pot or drink anymore. That was what kept making me throw up. Up until that point it had never crossed my mind that I might not soon be back my no-stress buddha blowing lifestyle.   
     When we got to my dad’s house he put on my favorite T.V. show to cheer me up. It might as well have been in another language. Anxiety is all the discomfort of suffocation, my brain had just refused to stop working correctly. An infinite future of this loomed over me. I began to cry uncontrollably. My step mom exited the room to give my dad and me some privacy as he held me. 
     I decided to hide away at my dad’s for the rest of the summer and stop returning calls. The transition to sober life wasn’t smooth. Smoking weed was my whole identity, no worries. I was still convinced I had some unknown illness. Certain I was going to die in my sleep I’d fight to keep my eyes open every night. But words like “cancer,” “insanity” and “death” cannot express the totality of fear you feel when the wholeness of your existence is in danger. 
     I experienced all kinds of new agonies for the first time. I lost my appetite and stopped eating. 
     I wasn’t stupid, I immediately ran with the theory that my drug use caused this. Faced with a mood catastrophe, the resemblances of memories from frying balls on a bunch of drugs at 15 aren’t hard to find. I could feel the brain damage just thinking about it. My developing brain had just taken one too many punches to the head. I completely turned on my old self, all drugs, and built a fortress of regret to rule from. 
     That was when some really weird things started happening. I became afraid of touching public places, to avoid the one in fifty million chance that I might get a contact high from someone on drugs who touched the same place. I started only drinking bottled water, afraid that there was a one in three hundred million chance someone put LSD in my drink. It was safer to not take the risk. I devoted most of my thoughts to thinking of any possible way I might get drugged and did everything in my power to avoid those situations. I stopped shaking hands and held my breathe when I passed by homeless people. 
     The therapist taught me breathing exercises. “In 1, 2, 3. Out 1, 2, 3.” She also kept recommending I see a psychiatrist and start a medication but I adamantly resist. Drugs had caused all this and the last thing I was going to do was take more drugs, especially from the big pharmaceutical corporations. But as the start of senior year, and the thought of facing people, drew closer, I waivered.
     I told the Psychiatrist I didn’t want to do drugs. That drugs caused this. 
     “Marco, anti-depressants for anxiety and depression is like insulin for diabetics. There’s absolutely no evidence that anti-depressants are bad for you. In fact, all the evidence shows that untreated depression will shrink your Frontal Cortex and Hypothalamus, affecting your mood and memory even more. See the problem is your Accumbens are underactive right now.” He even had a diagram. I started the medication and it helped, although I wasn’t sure why, I couldn’t really feel it like the other drugs. The thought of the doctor and his diagram was very comforting. I started eating again, having less panic attacks. 
     Miraculously, my mom got out of the hospital for the start of the school year. She’d been very sick in the hospital all summer. 
     Her doctor told her the big news, “Based on your last round of tests you should go home, Barbara, it’d be good for you.” My mom and Allan jubilantly picked me up from my dad’s on their way home. 
     For the last month of her life my mom and I made quite the pair. Her on the couch, in-between life and death, watching public television and old musicals. Me on an inflatable camping mattress by her side, terrorized by my thoughts, breathing, working on a letter to Oprah to help us.  
     She wasn’t herself. She wasn’t coherent. She’d drift in and out of consciousness, waking up frantically to scream that she was dying. When the seizures started I worked to keep her head still. The ambulance came and took her away for the last time. 
     I’d prayed for her to die, days before even. But when it happened, I was shocked. She’d beaten death so many times I’d stopped believing it could actually happen, everyone had. Losing a parent you love isn’t hardest on the first day. The hardest part is later, when you have dreams about her decomposing body coming home from the grave like nothing had happened. When you never get to introduce a new girlfriend to your famously picky mom. Not being able to get her advice when you tell her you want to invest a year and a half of your life writing a book about a girl you used to know. On the positive side, an angel’s always got your back. 

34. The Deep-Down Freudian Reason I Will Never be Able to Enjoy Doing Drugs Again
     When I was younger my mom and I would always go to a pumpkin patch every year for Halloween. It was our thing. I’d pet the animals and play in the hay barns, my mom would watch with delight and take pictures. I always wanted Carlo to come but he was older and too cool.   
     When my mom met Allan he starting coming too. I wasn’t happy about it, but it was still fun. Time passed, my mom got sicker and I got less interested. We had to stop going in my teens, because of her weak immune system and all the germ carrying children. 
     Then, one fortunate October, our local department store decided it would be a brilliant idea to offer tractor hay rides around their big parking lot for Halloween. We just had to go. For old time’s sake. Unfortunately, my mom’s grand plan fell on the same weekend that she and Allan had forbid me from going on a camping trip with a group of popular kids. The group was going to the natural hot springs and I knew for certain, if I went, Mia was going to secretly seduce me for kicks in the steamy, rocky water.
     It was going to be a cold day in hell they got me on that hayride that weekend. But what’s a hayride without a son? I kicked and screamed but they threatened and coerced me into going.   
     Once my initial tantrum was over, the silent treatment began on the car ride there. 
     My mom wasn’t even phased by me, she was looking out the car window enjoying the little things that only someone who’s suffered can enjoy.     
     The hayride was pitiful, we were driving around a big empty parking lot, the only decorations were four tacky hay stacks sporadically placed around the pavement. I knew this was going to suck, I thought. 
     “Isn’t this fun, Marcolino?” I wasn’t speaking but my mom kept talking to me anyway.    
     “Remember when I used to take you every year, Marcolino? Which pumpkin patch was your favorite one?” 
     The driver began heading for one of the tree islands in the parking lot. “WABLAM.” The tractor ran over the side of the island sending me bouncing a few inches up out of my seat. 
     Whoa, that was unexpectedly exciting.
     My mom was alarmed, “I almost fell, Allan, he’s not going to do that again is he?” 
     I hope he does, that was the most exciting part by a mile. 
     The tractor turned around for what looked like another pass. “Oh no he’s gonna do it again Allan, tell him to stop Allan. Tell him to stop! STOP!”
     “WABLAM.” 
     I can’t actually remember her screaming and writhing in pain, the mind blacks out certain things for a reason. 
     I remember the only thing I said to her as she lied on the tractor floor. “I told you this was a bad fucking idea. You deserve this.” 
     And then the ambulance came for the bazillionth time and she was gone again. A few broken ribs, a fractured back. She’d only been out of the hospital a month or two. 
     I waited for my dad for three hours at the department store. Playing the same level on repeat at the video game demo stand. Ever vigilant to make sure no one I knew saw me there alone. When my dad got there I was furious with him for taking so long. He was so so sorry, he offered to take me anywhere I wanted to eat, take me to any movie, buy me anything. I just wanted to go to my friends and get high. I wasn’t even that upset, I was glad she was in the hospital again, I was already planning my next open house.

     Of course I tried to get high and drunk again. It wasn’t the same, even after I could recognize and dismiss some of the panic and anxiety the drugs induced. I’d have a few beers and feel the inebriation, but there was no euphoria, just fear. Uppers, downers, nothing.
     I should have died driving under the influence, driving through red lights at 2 in the morning while laughing about it. Overdosed, I had an out of body experience once, watching myself hovering over me. My destiny was to be a drug addict, but god intervened. He let me live, even keep some of my dignity. But he left a big invisible scar, he took my fearlessness away that summer. My innate understanding that everything was going to be okay. My ultra-confidence to make the best of every situation. 
 
35. The Party (Winter 2006)
     Breath in, 1, 2, 3. Breath out, 1, 2, 3. I desperately scanned the ten faces packed in my kitchen for bulging pupils, fidgety movements, the kids that looked the most high. The one’s on e, coke, robotussin. I couldn’t be near them, get touched by them, breathe the same air as them. 
     A strong bare arm wrapped around my neck, it was Tysen. I squeezed out of the headlock so quick I pinched my nose. I searched his eyes, they were drunkenly glazed over. Was he on anything? No probably not Tysen… I’m okay. A rush of relief hit me but I still pulled my coat sleeves a little further over my hands.
     “Marco, this party’s crack-a-lackin buddy.” 
     “Always good to see you, Tysen.” I couldn’t say it enthusiastically enough.  
     “This is my friend, Jonny,” Tysen’s friend stuck his hand out to me, I briefly tapped it with my coat sleeve. The gesture caused him to look at me kind of funny. I gave him a cold, dark-eyed stare back with “I’m the host of this big f-ing party” intenseness. Who are you?
     “Did you hear I asked Oakley to prom?” Tysen asked me. I’d heard, he’d single handedly saved my whole world. For months the frontrunner to take Oakley to prom had been Avi Miller. Out of everyone it looked like Avi was the only one with the guts to do it. I’d heard he wanted to ask her so he could tell his kids he went to prom with “the cool girl.” 
     The best I could manage to stop Avi’s hair brain scheme was to send him a nasty text message. “Why don’t you ask someone you actually have a one in ten thousand chance of sleeping with, Avi?” 
     “I heard you asked her the day before Avi was going to?”
     “Ya man, so he was setting up this whole scavenger hunt for her, and everyone’s saying, ‘You should ask her, Tysen.’ That’s all I’m hearing, ‘You should ask Oakley, Tysen.’ So I went home that night and told my mom what was going on and she said, ‘Tysen, make that girl a cake right now.’ So she helped me make a cake with frosting that said, ‘Will you go to prom with me?’ And I gave it to her the next day.” Tysen giggled wildly at the whole affair.
     “Best laid plans…That’s so cold man,” I joked. 
     “Ya, it sucks. Well shit, it’s Oakley. I figured if she was gonna say yes to Avi, she’d say yes to me.” 
     “Well, anyone but Avi…” I said with an honest and heavy frown. 
     “Are you going to prom?”
     “Maybe.” It didn’t matter anyways, Oakley wasn’t sleeping with Tysen[15] or Avi.[16] I left Tysen to move rooms. I loved him, but I was for the party. 
[15] I got Tysen drunk for the first time. We talked him into taking four shots of 151 and he spent the rest of the party totally naked in the bathroom throwing up. These days, I see kids talking about partying with the same excitement I used to have when I’d talk Tysen into trying new drugs. It’s not the same anymore, after everyone knows what blunts are. After everyone learns how to party. Once more and more kids start to figure out advanced social skills. Once everyone’s good at sex. When that crazy time you and Tysen took mushrooms together isn’t fun to reminisce over 15 times later. When you watch Tysen get into drugs and more hard partying in college, when you tell him
[16] Avi got a scholarship to Dartmouth. He wrote for their newspaper–he’s a good writer. Better than me. He just got into the most prestigious graduate program for writers in the U.S. That absolute dork kinda beat me in life, can you believe that? Avi got head for the first time from a crockadillapig, he couldn’t stop laughing the whole time, she thought he was really weird.  
      People noticed me as I move through the crowd. I spotted Mia, Isa, Janae and Kate all giving me a respectful stare from a corner in my dining room. Mia was back from college for winter break. Janae was back from traveling. For every face I recognized there was one I didn’t. 
     I spotted the familiar back of Jonsen ahead of me, talking with Tim and London Keyes, a girl from Shorecrest who used to date Duncan. I came up behind Jonsen and stood on my tippy toes to poke my head over his shoulder. 
     “Oh hey there buddy.” He was unstartled by my attempt to be awkwardly funny. Jonsen looked good. He’d been clean off of meth for a year. He just started a construction job he got through the JobCorps program.       
     “Just seeing what’s going on over here.” I said. 
     “London’s gonna start stripping at Juicy’s when she turns 18.” Jonsen doesn’t sound judgmental but his gaze carries some weight.   
     “Ohhh really?” I exclaimed in my best Jim Carrey-esque fashion. “I thought you were gonna go to beauty school, London? That’s all you used to talk about.”
     “My parents kicked me out of the house.” London was asian but she sounded like a white valley girl, a fascinating phenomenon of being adopted. “I’m gonna start stackin’ that paper. I need to make those fat stacks.” Her updated vocabulary caught my full attention. I scanned her pupils, they were big enough to set off my alarm system. I immediately stopped breathing. 
     “Isn’t it a rip off? How much does the club take from you guys?” Tim asked. 
     “You pay the club 100 a night and 7 dollars for every lap dance. But the real money’s in the private parties, once you’re doing VIP parties you’re set.” I inconspicuously ducked my nose into my shirt real quick and took a big breathe through the fabric.     
     “There’s a one foot rule at Juicy’s,” Jonsen chimed in. “Plus, they don’t serve booze. So you shouldn’t get too many guys trying to slip you a finger.” 
     “Heho,” She let out a rapid burst of high pitch, quick London laughter. “Hey Marco, remember when you almost got arrested?” 
     “Swear to god I still have the bowling shoes I stole from that night in my trunk,” I said excitedly. I turned my head over my shoulder for a breath, it was more risky, but I couldn’t be caught taking another shirt breathe. The farther away from her I could breathe the better. 
     “We went bowling and Marco was doing a bunch of coke and kept offering it to me even though I kept refusing.” Her eyes lit up at me when she said coke. Is that what’s she on? Is that what’s funny?
     “I was trying to impress you, London.” I shouted in my defense.
     “We got too messed up to drive and I had to get home for my curfew. So I asked my friend Allegra to drive Marco’s car back to my house. But she didn’t have a license, she’d actually just got her driver’s permit. Hohe, and the poor thing forgot to put the lights on. So we got pulled over, and Allegra started crying. And when the cop asked Marco for his ID, Marco started screaming, ‘She’s a DD. We’re using a DD. We’re doing the right thing.’ And the cop started screaming at Marco back, ‘She has a permit. You’re a loser you know that? You are a low life piece of crap for putting this girl in this position.’ And Allegra was still crying. And then the cop finally said he’d let us go if Marco apologized to Allegra, and Marco said, ‘I’m sorry you forgot to turn on the lights, Allegra. I’m sorry this cop’s such a dick, Allegra.” 
     “Hey if you don’t have principles, what you got?” Jonsen remarked.
     Everyone laughed, “So what happened?” 
     “He let us go.” 
     I took another quick breathe from under my shirt and ignored the awkward glances. I stood there trying to put together a jigsaw of experiences in my head that just didn’t fit. A cloud of panic attacks made the memory impossible to label. As I looked at London’s bulging pupils I couldn’t help but feel a wave of fanciful guilt for that miniscule night in her life. [17] 
     “God, there’s a lot of cute girls I’ve never seen before here, Marco.” Tim observed. “You should probably go talk to one, it’s your party.” 
     “Ya’ll heard the one about the old bull and the young bull?” Jonsen asked. “So these bulls are standing on a hill, and the young bull looks down and sees a herd of cows. So he says to the old bull, ‘Let’s run down there and screw us a cow.’ And the old bull looks over and says, ‘Well, let’s walk down there and screw all of them.” 
     I laughed with everyone, even though as usual with Jonsen, it took me a second to get it. [18]
[17] London Keyes went on to become the most famous out of any of us, google it. 
[18] jonsen’s one of my best friends. He makes some of the most money out of any of my peers. Jonsen! Even though he loves to refer to himself as a “high school drop out.” After high school, he channeled all of his regret into a sadistic work ethic. Waking up at four in the morning, six days a week, no vacation days. Construction’s hard on the body and there’s a culture of verbal abuse that goes with the territory, too. But he just bought his first house. It’s so great to see him doing so good. I was there for the hard years after high school too, when he’d talk about killing himself and bring his gun into clubs. Cut himself.    
     I headed down the hallway to the master bedroom. I opened the door to a petrified, shaking poodle staring forsakenly at me. I picked him up and hopped on my mom’s bed to comfort him. My mom’s death had left me with a step dad who left every weekend to go hiking and “find himself.” Combined with my nostalgia for the great parties of old it was only a matter of time until I threw a spody for old time’s sake. I walked into the bedroom bathroom and filled my beer can up with more water. My mom had ironically taught me the trick during one of the “drug talks” she’d given me. “I did it all the time in college Marco, you can too when your friends pressure you.” I’d thought she was such a dork. 
     At first I didn’t even pretend to drink when I started going out with my friends again. I’d spend whole parties arrogantly without anything in my hand, confident I could innovatively handle all the “Why aren’t you drinking?” questions. I experimented with, “Everyone drinks,” or “I spent my last 500 weekends getting drunk,” and finally “I just don’t feel like drinking tonight.” Eventually, I admitted defeat and just started pretending. 
     You have to hand it to the alcohol companies, I laughed to myself. They got everyone eventually, the metal heads, the gangsters, the nerds, the jocks, the hippies, everyone. Petting my dog one last time I headed back to the party.   
     Back in my living room I saw a reunion group of the skinnies. It was the first time I’d seen Kristine and Katie since they left for college. 
     “Marco!” We all hugged each other fondly. Katie looked like a skeleton. I wasn’t paying attention to what anyone was saying, I was staring straight at Katie’s arms, she def had anorexia. 
     “Marco..? Marco, stop being a space cadet. Are you going to prom, Marco?” I looked over at Kristine. “Maybe.” Kristine had that drunken stare. Like one of my uncles. People got like this now, every weekend. Blacked out. I hated it.
     “I want to go again, last year wasn’t even fun. Take me.” The convenience of the proposal was too good to be true. And the idea of telling my dad and brother I was taking a college girl to prom had a ring to it. 
     “Ya, let’s do it.” Why is no one addressing the fact that Katie has anorexia? I thought. How ironic that one of “the skinnies” actually developed anorexia. 
     “So Katie, what’s new with you?” The way I said it made everyone’s body language tighten up. 
     “It’s crazy being back home.” 
     “Katie, you look anorexic.” Everyone glared at me except Katie. I’d disturbed the social harmony. I could only assume they’d already talked to her about it. 
     “Anorexia’s not hot. You know that right?” I went further out of bounds. 
     “Oh f you guys, I’m not going to not say anything. Katie, you know I’m only saying something because I love you.”
     “I know,” Katie said. She took a second to put together the right words. “There’s a lot of pressure at college, starvation is like…the best drug ever. My mom’s having me go see someone.” [19]
     “Alright, alright.” I put my hands up in a “I’m backing off” motion. “That’s all I wanted to hear.” 
[19] Katie kicked anorexia’s ass. She’s awesome, an amazing writer and social worker. Check out her blog: Seattlesnacker.com.
     Big-Pacey-Style came up to greet me. “This shit’s poppin, Marcqizzy.” 
     I pulled back my hand to block the incoming dap-up and instead patted him on the shoulder from a distance. He gave me one of his famous eye raises but I couldn’t have cared less.    
     “Wouldn’t be a party without you, Pacey,” I said heavily. 
     The last great secret had come to Shorewood, Oxycontin, we’d reached the end of the line. Carol, Jay, Jon, Alia, Jeff, Danny, Mike, Ross, Kate… Pacey was one of the first. He’d been crucial in getting the others.   
     The pied piper’s face is sickly thin and pale. He must have known what he was getting into, already addicted to 3 or 4 drugs, watching his lessers go off to college. The first lifelong social climber to realize he couldn’t see the summit anymore. 
     “Yo, you going to Nickatina next week?” He asked me. 
     I brushed him off and kept walking, knowing that I would have followed him off the edge too. [20] Last I heard Pacey got locked up. God help him the day he turns that arrogant look he wore on his face for 18 years on himself.    
     I walked by Danny O, dangling semi-consciously in the crowd. He’d been in the same spot for an hour. Incoherently muttering nothings. “Punta…Punta…” A haunting statue to my 7th grade ambition. 
     I walked out onto my deck, “Marco. Come over here.” Kyle, Eddy and Morris were standing around with some other people. “You have to try this cigar.”
     “I’m straight thanks.”
     “Come on, try it, it’s Cuban seed, from…”
     “Nicaragua.”
     “From Nicaragua.”
     I could get a contact high from their saliva, I panicked. The cigar’s probably laced. This is all some big joke to make me smoke some hallucinogenic drug. 
     But all my anxious thoughts weren’t stronger than the peer pressure of Kyle’s hovering posture. I puffed on the cigar while horrific memories of bad drug trips ran around in my head. After a few puffs I felt nauseous and my head was starting to spin. 
     You’ve been drugged! The drugs are kicking in. This is a panic attack, Marco, I tried to reassure myself. You’re gonna be okay. You’re just having a panic attack, you’ve had plenty. They always pass. There’s so many cigarette butts everywhere. The whole deck is covered in cigarette butts, you’ve trashed your house. This was the worst idea ever. Now you’ve been drugged and you’re gonna go crazy in front of everyone and pass out. 
     Composedly, I walked over to the railing and threw up over the edge. 
     “Oh shit, Marco’s wasted.” Kyle announced laughing. “Kid’s always going hard I swear. You need to learn to pump the breaks.”   
     Breathe in 1, 2, 3, 4. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and set the 1 hour timer. 1 hour was roughly how long it took hard drugs to kick in. In an hour I’d know if I’d been drugged or not. Out 1, 2, 3, 4. 
     I gazed over at the cul-de-sac down the block and couldn’t help but smile. The party had supposed to be last night. Until my dad and brother had decided to surprise me with dinner out and a movie. They didn’t want me to be lonely with Allan out of town. As they’d picked me up the whole cul-de-sac had been bustling with 70 antsy kids standing around 25 parked cars.     
     “Well that’s something,” My dad had remarked. “You don’t see that every day.”     
     Back inside Duncan barreled into me and pulled me up in the air for a spinning hug. 
     “Dude, I’m outro. We’re gonna go whipping in LFP mall.” He spoke in short sentences as if he was in a huge rush. 
     “You’re way too drunk to drive, Dunc-a-dunc.”
     “Whaa?? I’m good. We’re going stuntin.”
     “Okay...” I warned skeptically. He ran off into the crowd. [21] 
[21] Duncan got a DUI that night and hasn’t driven since because his insurance is too expensive. 
     Loren looked different. He looked sick and even skinnier. He had a big bushy mustache and had let his stylish shag grow into full fledged scraggily locks. When you’re cooler than everyone for too long you can start making some serious fashion gaffes. 
     “Hey girl, are you smiling at me or just thinking about fluffy bunnies? You don’t gotta be shy girl, all these guys are just jealous. They all had their chance to talk to you and they all blew it.”   
     God, he still knew how to work a room though. I went up and gave him a big hug. 
     “Hey Loren. My cousin told me you’re living in an apartment with like 20 people on Haight street.” Loren had moved to San Francisco, not for college, just because.   
     “Ya man, you gotta definitely be a people person to hump it.” She’d also told me he was living like a street kid.  
     “I saw your music video. Pretty impressive quality. My brother liked it too.” Loren had a music group in San Fran, So Artsy Entertainment. 
     This made him laugh, “Carlo really liked it? Haha.” 
     “I like that Kid Crayola’s style.” They had this far out hype man/artist that was pretty captivating.
     “Ya, he was like the glue of the group, he had to go back to Haiti. Shit’s kinda on hiatus right now. It sucks.” Very un-Loren like he looked bummed about it. Loren’s ego and all his exaggerations made his rare moments of humility all that much more powerful. But that was Loren, always catching you off guard. [22]
[22] Growing up no one dreamed about being a famous big shot more than Loren. 
     I popped in on Mike mid-way through a conversation with some Jr. “I just agro farm in outland for like hours with some serious AoE.” 
     “Do you use Howl of Terror?”
     “Nuhuh, fuck that homeboy, use something with a little more affliction. We should totally run a dungeon sometime. My username is ManaSlanger, direct message me.” They’re talking about World of Warcraft.  
     “You play WoW?” Mike asked, turning to me. 
     “I’ve dabbled. E-Rock told me you’re pretty good. What level are you?” This caused Mike to laugh. 
     “Dawg I’ve got a 70 mage and a 70 necromancer right now.” 
     “How is that even possible?” I’d played for a month and didn’t get past lvl 20. 
     “I sell my 70’s online too. I get a couple hundred a pop. Easy money. Bro I’ve sold like five lvl 70’s” 
     “Really?” Not seeing anyone else to talk to out of the corner of my eye I crossed my arms out of boredom. This caused Mike to fidget with his own hands and put them in his pockets.
     “You think I’m playing dawg? Let’s meet up online sometime and I’ll show you my 70’s.” He looked skinny, tame, anxious. I took a step closer to him to subtly measure up our heights. Were we the same height? That’s impossible. 
     It was as if some spell was broken. I felt the sting of losing another idol. My own self-image was bound with Mike being cooler than everyone. Our friendship was one of my greatest accomplishments. Doing lines together until dawn.[23]
[23] Mike went on to become an incredibly successful big time baller after high school… Oh except not. He’s treading water at a crappy job while his bad habits get the best of him.
     I looked around and saw Harrison Bung drunk with a blunt behind his ear. Kace was trying to mack on some 16 year old private school girl that wasn’t feelin’ it.[24][25]
[24] Somewhere along the line something got into Harrison, man. I like to think it was the Greg incident. Whatever it was, he’s locked in now. Since high school he’s been party or die for life.   
[25] Before high school ended Kace had already become a dark, intense alcoholic. He went on to get 3 DUI’s. Like wrapping cars around poles DUI’s. He finally got sober after the third. In a million years I didn’t think that he’d actually be able to do it. I actually kind of like him sober, we can both relate to how difficult it is to be sober in our society, we share that. I don’t know if there is much hope for his sobriety because he doesn’t have a ton going for him career wise or socially. All his older, gangster best-friends-for-life fell off, and Kace’s smart enough to know it. He posts on Facebook like three times a day now. He just wrote, “People I believe in don’t show their face no more…” The worst part is that when I see him he still thinks I admire him and think he’s cool. I can’t help it, I act really nice around him. Because he still makes me put my foot in my mouth, like he’s going to attack me at me at any moment. The energy between us is so fucked up, probably because we’re such different people. But mostly when I see him I’m just in awe of what he could’ve been. (He’s drinking again.)
     My cell phone alarm went off. One hour. I’d pretty much forgotten about the cigar incident but I took a big sigh of relief anyways. I wasn’t drugged. I was safe. 
     I’d been meaning to say something to Wendy Acer for a while so I went over to her, reaching my hand up for a big high five. Reluctantly, she shyly reached up and tapped my hand. 
     “Hey I’m sorry for what happened in class Wendy, I feel embarrassed about it.” In world history one of our classmates, Ahba, had been finishing a presentation about her religion, Hinduism, when she went on a tangent about cultural acceptance because some kids had made fun of her bindi dot. 
     “Any questions?” She’d finished. 
     My arm hung menacingly in the air. “Why should I respect Hinduism? Where women are second hand citizens. Where there’s a caste system based around which social group you’re born into. A whole class of ‘untouchables.’ I noticed you didn’t talk about those issues in your presentation.” 
     “It’s just a very different culture. It’d be hard for you to understand. Plus there’s been a lot of reform recently.” Her equally sassy counter-argument struck me like a flint.  
     “Your backwards religion has been internally oppressing for 5000 years! Fuck Hinduism! Fuck your dot and fuck you, you dweeb!”     
     The teacher, Mr. Hardaway, pulled me into the hallway. “Marco, I know about your mom. I’m very, very sorry. Take the week off.”  
     “It’s okay,” Wendy said. “After you left Mr. Hardaway told us about your mom. He turned it into this whole lesson. He spent the rest of class talking about how personal crises’ can cause people to lash out in anger. People told their own similar stories. Ahba cried and said she had no idea.”
     I dropped my mouth open. “He can’t do that. Can he do that?” I felt like the butt of a big joke. Wendy laughed, “It even kept going for the first half of the next class.” 
     “All this time I’d thought I struck a huge blow for universal rights.” I said in disbelief.
     The blue packaging of a tooth whitening strip on the floor caught my eye. I walked over sleuth-like and picked it up... Scanning the floor I spotted another one, this time suspiciously underneath two girls. I walked up to them. “Did you guys steal my whitening strips?”
     One of the girls started laughing wildly while the other inconsistently stared back at me with a worried look. I’d never seen them before, they looked 14. How do 14 year old girls I’ve never seen before end up here? Before I could even say anything else a big thud produced one of my cologne bottles on the floor beneath the laughing girl’s jacket. This caused her to laugh even harder.
     “Ya, laugh it up. You’re so hilarious. You’re not sleazy at all.” I tried my best to be scary but they weren’t very intimidated. The comedian started emptying her coat of my toiletries, dropping them on the ground too. Handfuls of white strips, lotions, deodorant, soap, even my toothpaste.     
     “I’m sorry, my friend’s really drunk, we’re leaving.” The concerned girl started herding her friend on as I frantically tried to gather everything off the wood floor covered in a half-inch of dried beer. 
     “Haha, did you just get robbed by some little girls, Caldirolis?” On my hands and knees, I heard Justyn’s voice. 
     “Little girls? They’re straight professionals. They’ve probably hit every party in this town. They even went for my toothpaste.” I stood up with my arms full of toiletries. 
     “Hey Justyn, I heard you knocked out, Robby. Is that true?”   
     “Oh ya?” Justyn shrugged with pride, “He tried to jack me 40 dollars like it was no big deal. So I went up to him and said pay me or we’re fighting. And he laughed at me and said ‘alright’ like I was bluffing. So I gave him a little shimmy. A quick side pivot with a hard right. Bam. One hit and he was done.”[26]
     “That’s crazy man, he’s gotta have 30 pounds on you.”
     “Size doesn’t always matter. Remember me when you take over the world Caldirolis. I could be the head of your secret police.” Laughing I scurried my toiletries back to a safe room.
[26] I still can’t believe Justyn didn’t succeed, not with his charisma, his energy. He’s been off the grid completely, no social media, no nothing. Last thing I heard was that someone randomly ran into him at a party and he was on some crazy e/molly binge. I believe it because he had a scary tendency for self-destructive drug streaks when I knew him. It’s sad, I would have been friends for life with him. At least what he was, who knows what he is now.  
     I headed downstairs to the basement I’d been avoiding the whole party. I spotted Oakley in the back of the room sitting on the center of my couch, surrounded by a layer of friends, who themselves were surrounded by another layer of people. 
     I saw a vision of Shoreline’s nicest park at night with the words “Prom?” spelled out in white Christmas lights across the grass. I’d thought over the execution of the plan ad nauseam, but never had the guts to do it. I pushed the vision out of my mind, it had no use to me now. 
     To circumvent the log jam of kids crowding the couch I stepped onto the coffee table and walked across it over to Oakley, plopping down next to her, right in Elle’s lap. 
     “Nice of you to stop by, Marco.” Oakley said. Elle tried to scoot over until one of my legs was slumping in-between them with the other still hanging over Elle.
     “I just came over to ask you guys to please stop checking out my butt, it’s getting old. I’m not going to tell you again.”
     “Marco, why are you wearing your jacket hood up? We’re inside,” Elle asked. I was wearing a windbreaker to protect my skin from a possible contact high, but the hood was dangling halfway off my head for moxie. 
     Caught off guard I could only gag up, “I don’t know.”
     “It’s the style, Elle,” Oakley cut in. “Marco’s a trendsetter.” I laughed. 
     “Shouldn’t you be on the stand testifying against someone right now, Elle? Are you like officially undercover at this point? Are you on duty right now?” 
     “I never told my parents about Benny’s! Never! Why don’t you believe me?” Elle protested. We all laughed. I look over at Oakley. 
     “Isn’t your curfew at midnight?” It was now 12:30. 
     “Is it?” She turned her impatient face up a degree until her mouth was within a few insistent inches of mine. To this point, in the history of our miraculous, intertwining lives, I’d done enough to make Oakley want me to kiss her. All those other times, who knows. But this time, to be so close to your enchanted goal, and let some ridiculous ping of self-doubt nudge your leaning trajectory so that your cheek brushes up against hers as you nestle your head into her shoulder for a hug. Well generals have sent hundreds of thousands of men to their deaths, but I should have kissed Oakley Carter. 
     It started on the stairs. Drunk Shorewood and Shorecrest heavy hitters staring each other down, a pushing gathering crowd, yelling, a punch, an errantly thrown bottle that hit a skinny, Lizzie, in the face. I headed for my living room window as the brawl spilled out into the street. The shadows postured for position, carefully clashing and then retreating, converging on the stumbled. I felt a presence join me at the window and looked over to see Greg Cooks. It was an honor having him at my party, he rarely partied with the high schoolers anymore. 
     “I can’t believe the cops haven’t come yet, lil bro. If I was you I’d get out of here before they come.” Greg’s advice seemed invaluable in this situation, but I could’ve cared less about getting in trouble. I was sober, I had nothing to lose. 
     “I feel like they would have come already if they were going to come.” 
     “Oh they’re def coming bro.” 
     “I bet you they don’t.” 
     “How much?”
     “Two dollars.” Greg laughed. Rumor was he was big into the oxy scene now.
     “Pretty tight party though, Marco.” 
     “Not the same as when you used to do it man.” After a moment I added, “Well the fighting’s still the same.” I cringed as someone got tackled into one of our rose bushes, breaking it in half.
     “You know what I did during all those parties I threw?” My periodic glance his way ran into a deadly serious gaze. “I just walked from my garage, to the bathroom, to my room, doing line after line all night long. I can’t remember any of it.” I gave him a few heavy nods. The fight was over, the last cars were speeding off. 
     “Hey Marco,” Katie called, “We’re taking Lizzie to the E.R. Are you coming?” 
     “Go ahead bro,” Greg said. “I got your house till you get back, it’s on me.” I’d never been more confident in a promise as I headed out the door.[27]
[27] Greg Cooks is still a pretty nice, funny, somewhat exceptional guy after all the drugs he did. No exaggeration, Greg could’ve been president. But, hey, he partied as hard as you can. Too bad he can’t remember it.

36. Last meaningful night with Oakley (Spring, 2007)
     Oakley’s music was bumping as she picked me up on a Friday night. “I never slip, I never fall. Hoes give me they number but I never call…Every freak should have a picture of my dick on they wall.” 
     She turned it down as I got in. 
     “You still blasting gangster rap every morning on your way to school?” I asked her, laughing.
     “It’s how I wake up, Marco!” She moaned defensively, playfully annoyed. She was wearing a bright purple UW sweatshirt. She’d worn almost every day since she accepted a scholarship to play soccer there. It was bonkers because she got the full ride for soccer on top of never getting anything less than an A- in her life. Seeing that sweatshirt made shake my head in disbelief every time. 
     “What are you smiling about?”
     “Nothing. Are you excited to start LEAP?” That was the summer program for incoming student athletes. 
     “Crazy excited. I just found out what dorm I’m staying in today.” I didn’t ask any more questions about it, it was a sore subject. I didn’t even apply to any colleges. 
     We were going to Colby’s house, one of Oakley’ friends from private school. I knew the kid loosely, he was a year younger and hung out with some Shorewood Juniors that were on the party scene. He was a multimillionaire though, he wasn’t normal. You couldn’t hold him to the same standards as other kids.   
     “So how’s your love life, Marco?” Oakley asked. 
     “Oh you know, I can’t keep the girls off me,” I said dryly. “How’s things with your new boy toy?” Oakley had started dating some guy from her old private school. I’d never seen him, but through my inquiries I’d heard he was a good guy, a beautiful, sort of aloof musician, who could be super social when he wanted to be. 
     “Good.” She paused. “His parents are super strict so we have sex in his car a lot.”
     “Oh, good to know…” 
     “You’ll think this is funny, Marco. He’s obsessed with taking pictures of his cum. 
     “Like a cumshot?” The blurt sort of comes out in the form of a question.
     “Ya but, but like intense into it, and always on different spots all over me. He’s fascinated with the specific way each one goops and drips down my skin. Last weekend he came around my neck and screamed, ‘It’s the best pearl necklace I’ve ever seen.’ He spent ten minutes making my lay still so he could take pictures of it. He says he’s got a collection of them from all his girlfriends.” 
     “HAha.” I made my loud laughter sound eerily genuine, one of my gifts. Anger pounded in my chest. I puzzled over what could have created this cum obsession. Porn stood out as the obvious answer, but every guy I knew had watched porn since 13 and this was the first time I’d heard of this. I imagined his mom finding cum on his blankets or clothes when he was younger and blowing up at him about it. 
     “Kid needs to lay off the porn.” I finally remarked. 
     “Okay Marco, your turn, tell me something interesting.” 
     A big pen fence running alongside the road signals we were in Woodway. The mansions of Woodway were only a couple miles from Richmond Beach. When I was a kid I would go with my mom to Woodway to feed the rich people’s horses and goats. Sometimes they’d ask us politely to stop, but we’d ignore them. ‘Bill grogan’s goat, not a chicken but a goat, was feelin fine…’
     “Umm I’ve been hooking up with Asia.” I picked a girl out of a hat for the make-believe affair. She fit the bill perfectly, from Shorecrest, Oakley knew I had ties to Shorecrest. And Asia’d given me huge hugs in front of Oakley. Who knew, maybe she did like me.
     “Have you ever felt black skin before?” I asked Oakley. 
     “I mean, not like that...”
     “It’s like the softest most amazing skin you’ve ever felt. It’s like satin.” I spice up the story with a little poetic license. The scandalizing detail is based in reality, Asia’s skin was some of the softest I’d ever felt. “What the f Asia, how is your skin so soft?” I’d asked her while holding out her arm and petting it. “Black girls use a lot of lotion,” Asia’d answered in-between hysterical laughs. 
     “How many times?” Oakley asked.
     “Uh, three times. It’s whatev.”
     We pulled up to a big ornamental iron gate, Oakley leaned out and hit the speaker button. “Hey Colby, it’s Oakley.” 
     The gate started to open, “Yo Oakley, the front doors open.” Oakley slowly drove around the eerily smooth pavement while I admired the roundabout’s big fountain centerpiece. Landscaped trees and bushes growing out of huge marbled vases veiled everything but the Palace’s stone stucco archway in secret luster. 
     We pushed open one of the big doors to receive a dazzling embrace from a double staircase holding a crystal chandelier. Oak floors, gold framed painting and mounted statues fill out the rest of the grand entrance. With all the little things, like the Brazilian cherry banisters and designer drapes, whose true value was infuriatingly lost on my naivety. 
     “I don’t know if I’ve ever seen anything like this,” I whispered to Oakley. “What’s his dad do?”
     “I know, it’s amazing right. His dad’s a CEO. Colby said he’s by the kitchen.” I followed Oakley with my hands tied gracefully behind my back. The air smelled like a museum. Down a hallway we reached a kitchen with four stoves and shining gold pans dangling down from a big center rack. We looked around but it was empty. 
     “He must have meant the other kitchen,” Oakley laughed. We start to backtrack.   
     We found Colby in a half-room tucked away in the back that was easily the most worked-in room in the house. He was laying perpendicularly with his friend on a sectional watching T.V. They didn’t get up to greet us, primarily focused on their phones. 
     “What up, Oakley, I told you we weren’t doing shit.”
     “It’s ok, nothing else was going on.”
     “What up, Marco?”
     “Just taking it all in.” I said. “Your casa really is something.”
     “For real.” He forced out the response for the zillionth time. Through his associations and appearance I was 90% sure Colby was on oxy. In his current reclined state he looked like he was living heavy breathe to heavy breathe. Focused on whatever synthetic tickle of goodness was pulsating through him—If he could still feel it, maybe he was just getting high on hope and memories. 
     “Yo man, can I look around some more? Will you come with me Oakley?” 
     “Uh, huh.” Colby’s vacant stare was the only neglected thing in the whole house.
     As we strolled I pretended to be super classy and lingered a moment longer than Oakley at the artwork and fancy furniture. 
     “This is an impressionist Oakley, look at all the dots.” Really I was just filled with a bunch of socialist musings. 
     To gain so much off other’s labor is disgusting. A CEO who can’t even motivate his own son off of Oxycontin. Oakley went to the bathroom while I paced around until I finally settled around an Arcadian landscape. The little figurine people were all tranquilly going about their day amongst the forest and garden. 
     “If you haven’t seen the bathrooms yet you gotta check it out.” Oakley said when she returned. 
     “No one should have all this.” I finally let lose in a heated screech. 
     From my side Oakley responded very coolly, “I want all of it.” 
     I got feverish but clamped down on my mouth. 
     “And more.” She drove the dagger deeper. 
    You’re really surprised? I mused. How long has Oakley had this dream? How long have you wanted to be the great savior of your people? 4th grade? Beware the dreams of 10 year olds. 
    Oakley’s black hair was tied up in a bun at the very top of her head, how she always wore it up. My parents had taught me not to be possessed by material things, but they never said anything about love. 

37. Downfall	
     And then she was gone. 
     I went to community college after high school. My dad gave me a huge budget because he felt bad for me. But all the restaurants, clothes, movies, video games, bottled sugar water and delivery pizzas in the world couldn’t make me forget about Oakley, or get rid of my panic attacks. They couldn’t make all my peers stop drinking and smoking all the time. Couldn’t make me popular again. 
     Most downfalls, when you look back on them, are gradual. I’d had a spectacular run for a while. But slowly I started playing wrong card after wrong card. Reaching out desperately and humiliatingly to old acquaintances on Facebook. Buying girls I hardly knew $300 true religion jeans. Losing one friend after the other. Watching my party friends who I’d worked so hard to accumulate slowly fall off. No matter how many times I sat in deep contemplation, trying to once again channel that magic, promising myself I was going to get back, my slide continued. I’d once been in the thick of it, almost everywhere I went I saw someone I knew. People were always calling my phone. Now I was in the thick of nothing. 
     It wasn’t all doom and gloom. I met Emma and after 2 years of community college, with my 2.4 cumulative G.P.A., the Washington state direct transfer agreement, and my sob story, I got into the University of Washington for my Jr year of college. 
     Ian, my roommate, and Jonsen surprised me with my acceptance letter when I got home from school. 
     “As soon as we saw it was big package we knew they accepted you!” They screamed. “One of us made it to college!” 
     I jumped for joy around the whole apartment and called my increasingly concerned family to give them the fantastic news. 
     I’d picked the University of Washington for one reason: Oakley Carter. I didn’t even apply to any other easier schools. No backup plan.

38. Larry Swoosh (Winter, 2009)
    The heavy rain fell on me but I wasn’t even wearing a coat. I was in one of my deep contemplative moods, but I liked it. It stung, but it was a normal sting. The kind of distinction you can make when you know what a real storm is. 
     The waving trees and rushing street gutters were momentous omens urging me onward as I trenched through the rain. I took this same path, on the outskirts of the stadium parking lot, most days. On my way to the IMA, UW’s state of the art athletic facility. The gigantic exclusive gym was my favorite part about going to UW. But that night the path was flooded with people all heading to the bball arena next to the IMA. 
     So many people…I contemplated. They never told us growing up how many people there are, how insignificant we all are. People wearing stupid fucking clothes that don’t even know it, ignorant to their own shittyness. The ones with snooty looks were the worst, the ones who actually thought they were better than other people. Overweight, old, too much makeup, wrinkles, plain. As they passed by I imagined they were all either utterly happier than me or desperately miserable.
     I wasn’t headed to the bball game so I veered off, heading across the vast parking lot. My destination was one high school sized bleacher surrounded by a big fence. Over the fence you could make out the top half of the UW soccer field scoreboard. 
     I felt like a dear entering a prairie as I walked through the gate. What if I saw someone I knew? What if she saw me? It was the last girls’ soccer home game of the season, I’d meant to go to one all year—just one, only one. I kept my head down until I found a suitable spot amongst the bleachers. Finally, feeling comfortably inconspicuous, I began scanning the field for a sight of her. It was hard to tell in their soccer uniforms with their hair up. No matter how many times I convinced myself one of the players might be her, it wasn’t. 
     “You poor thing you’re shivering.” The women sitting next to me bellowed. “George get out that poncho we brought.” She directed to her husband.
     “Oh thank you, you don’t have to…” 
     “You see that defender there?” She pointed to a burley girl with bulky arms and hips. “That’s my daughter, Lisa. We’re from the Tri Cities but we haven’t missed a game.” 
     “Oh, way cool.” I winced in anticipation of the bold woman making some attempt to set us up. 
     Thank god for ugly people, I thought. I want nothing from them. That sounds poetic, I’m going to write that down. I pulled out my phone and jotted it down.
     “Who are you here to see?” The women asked the dreaded question.
     “My friend…Oakley…Carter.” 
     “George, do you know an Oakley Carter?”
     “Hey Alex, do you know an Oakley Carter?” It was passed down the whole section.
     “Ya, she’s number 10, or 16. On the bench.” Someone finally shouted back. “She played last year some.”
     I honed my eyes to the 12 girls sitting on the bench across the field. After a while I was able to determine that one of the specs was definitely her. A bubble of suspense burst dizzily inside me. She didn’t even play? I thought back to watching her in high school, when she could separate from any defender and girls would stumble and wipe-out trying to keep up with her. 
     A conversation I’d overheard her have with another star player from another high school came to mind.    
     “What’s the point? Even if I went professional I couldn’t make any money. Maybe 30,000 a year.” She must have stopped trying, I concluded. 
     I watched the spec laugh with the other players, she was def one of the most popular specs on the bench.         
     In college, two social groups stood alone a top the stratosphere of popularity: Student-athletes and the Greek system. I’d had brief glimpses into both worlds. I had a group of athlete neighbors in my apartment complex who called me a “normy.” That’s what athletes called everyone that wasn’t an athlete. The athletes live in their own world, especially those on scholarship. They ate together and followed an intense structural schedule during the week. It was a work-hard-play-hard thing though because my neighbors stayed up all night on weekends getting fucked up.
     My first run in with the Greek system had come when I was walking along Greek row to an appointment with a transfer advisor. Groups of 30 girls spaced evenly out along the sidewalk became too numerous to be a coincidence. I’d curiously passed maybe ten of these groups when a loud horn went off. Then, as if it’d been rehearsed, the sorority front doors all flung open simultaneously, and sorority sisters began pluming out towards the street in parallel lines. The synchronization of it, in combination with the sisters’ best dresses and make up, gave it a stepford wives feel. And yet it was spectacular. As an unnoticed fly caught in it, I felt alive. 
     I’d watched one taller, apprehensive, hairy Indian girl make her way through the line, greeting each sister along the way. “‘Welcome to KapaKapa pledges.’ ‘Thank you sister.’ ‘Welcome to KapaKapa pledges.’ ‘Thank you sister.’” 
     One of the midfielders made a pass that barely got broken up. 
     “Good ball, Jenny.” George yelled. 
     “Hell of a ball, Jenny.” Others echoed from the crowd. 
     I couldn’t help but yell too, “Good ball, Jenny.” 
     One of my friends was in one of the sororities. She’d told me that for initiation she had to recite the most misogynistic degrading rap lyrics perfectly in front of the sisters after drinking a bunch of tequila. Every time she made a mistake the sisters cussed her out. She had to start from the beginning until she got it perfect. Another time a frat had made all her sorority’s pledges sit on newspaper in their underwear and watch porn to see who would get the wettest. I’d heard at WSU, they made every frat pledge go around to every sorority and dance naked in front of all the sisters. It was all too horrible and great and exciting to even fathom. 
     I’d gone to a sorority dance before. Brandon’s cousins had asked us to be their dates. It was incredible, the sorority had rented out part of Seattle’s Science Center. We’d danced and then cooled off in the butterfly conservatory. 
     I’d even slept with a sister, immediately afterward she’d started getting dressed. 
     Laughingly I’d asked her, “Where are you going?” 
     She’d answered, “I’m leaving, you want me to leave right?” But her voice had cracked she said it with so little conviction. While her face begged me to stop her I’d let her get half way dressed, daring her to see how far she would really take it. 
     “This is how they trained you huh? You greek kids think you’re so sophisticated.” I’d teased her before tackling her back into bed. 
     It had all been intriguing enough to make me want to join the Greek system when I got into UW. Devin was even the president of one of the fraternities. 
     “The great thing about college, Marco,” He’d told me, “Is everyone gets a fresh start. A new beginning, no matter how many mistakes they made in high school. Remember Terry? That weirdo that was a year younger than us?”
     “No.” 
     “Well now Terry’s really popular in the Greek system.”
     “Ya? Does he get mad pussy?”
     “We don’t say that, Marco. We’re gentlemen, above everything. But, ya, Terry's popular.”      
     Devin had put me on the list for one of their biggest parties, a “triad.”1 Inside an army of freshmen bouncers at the door I’d run into a kid I played little league with, wearing a lei. 
     “Devin said you might be rushing, Marco. Where are your fucking sluts, bros? Hey sluts.” He’d called to a group of girls standing in the hallway. They came over. 
     “Shut up, Dave.”
     “You shut up, you fucking hoes. Yo, this is my bro, talk to him.” 
     Then he’d left me alone with the girls, who kept saying, “I’m over it,” and asking me, “What house are you from again?” 
     I’d headed deeper into the triad, into the event hall. Two of UW’s most famous bball players were standing a foot over the sweaty crowd dancing with three girls each. Twenty girls were lined up on the stage dancing. I’d kept staring at one whose sweat drenched hair was stuck to her cheeks and breasts, her body in a trance, pounding fearlessness into the crowd. I was in over my head, I couldn’t hang. Plus, every girl I’d talked to only said one thing, “I’m over it. What house are you from again?”  
     My gaze had never left the spec in the distance. Oakley was not only a full ride scholarship athlete, she’d gotten into the coolest sorority. I can only imagine what the coolest sorority’s initiation was. How many guys had she shacked up with? That’s what they called it, “shacking up.” 
     Who gives a shit about sex, I thought, what about all the precious brain cells? I’d never seen people drink so much, I’d seen sorority girls prefunk by taking 6 shots of tequila like it was nothing. They drank like they were Russian, or Irish. F-it, it was all irrelevant now anyways. 
     I’d been in the gym when I’d heard. Shooting hoops with an old friend and Shorewood alum, Tom. We were watching UW’s star basketball player, Jim, run shooting drills with a team manager on the court next to us. 
     “I have class with one of the team managers,” I’d whispered scandalously to Tom, “and he says Jim has herpes.”
     “How does he know that?” 
     “You know those two games he missed a month ago cause of the “flu?” 
     “Ya.”
     “It was a herpes flare, swear to god.”    
     “That’s crazy. Did you hear about Oakley?” One of the pillars of my life had begun shaking at the mention of her name.
     “No?”
     “She’s dating Larry Swoosh.” 
     “Haha, nuh uh.” A wave of relief had rushed over me knowing this couldn’t be true. Larry Swoosh was an NBA player, he’d been one of the stars of the finals two years ago.  
     “Swear to god. They’ve been dating for a while.” 
     Had Oakley been making shit up? I’d thought. Who would start a rumor like that? But on my way home I’d had something come to my mind that made me start running back to my apartment. A mysterious Facebook post Oakley had made a few month ago, “Baby boy’s gonna be okay!” I’d absolutely no idea what it meant at the time. I’d wrote it off as some inside joke. 
     I’d gone back to find the post again, then copied the date and put it into google. The headline came up, “Larry Swoosh Mysteriously Passes Out During Game.” A ghoul of despair possessed me after that, hiding away in my bed. 
     The game was almost over. UW was losing. 
     He was definitely cheating on her. Everyone agreed, he was definitely cheating. He was in a different city every night. But did it matter? She was dating an NBA player. What a jersey chaser. His twitter was some stupid shit too, WeOnThatGas, a cocky drug reference that was ambiguous enough to get away with. 
     The last time I’d seen her was at the lake, when like a vision she’d come out of the water. The sun sparkling off of her damp Mediterranean skin. Then she’d walked over to a crowd of athletes and sorority sisters. The athletes looked like tanks with their shirts off, with muscles popping out I didn’t even know existed. Crevasses so deep under their Adonis belts it didn’t even look anatomically possible. 
     Maybe Oakley has herpes, I hoped. Something sucky is bound to happen to her eventually. That’s how life works. I wrote another note down in my phone. I don’t know if our generation will ever find love, we’re all shooting so high. I don’t think it works if everyone’s shooting for the stars. 
     I could hear my social psychology professor’s voice, “Every study ever conducted on social equality shows that it’s better to live in a country that’s more equal but poorer, than a country that’s richer but less equal.” They say ten percent is destined to lead the rest. And what percent is born to be a big shot and then their gigantic dreams get crushed? 20 percent? 90? They say the masses hold greatness back. I say we should be able to, a little. 

     After college Oakley moved to L.A. I should have seen it coming. Without the tiny chance of running into her everywhere I went, without that split second of hope every time I caught a worn-up hair bun, the city stopped being the same. She left a cloud behind over my entire city. Somehow, in my mind, she’d been just barely out of reach until then. That’s when I started writing this. 

     He was definitely cheating on her.  

Part 5. 

39. Um, like, you know. (Spring, 2010)
     Duncan calls me. He’s studying at a community college in California. 
     “How was your trip to San Francisco? Did you visit Mari?” I ask him.
     “It was alright, um ya, we stayed at Mari’s for a night. I brought two friends from my school though. But like, I don’t care that much about them, I feel like people, um ya know, everyone has their own autonomy. And it’s weird when I have to like facilitate someone else’s actions or guide them. Like, ya I don’t know, that’s like a weird concept. You know what I mean though. I want to be able to walk off by myself. It would have been different if it was two other people I was closer with, you know, ‘cause I would of known them better. Um, but with these guys it was like I don’t know what to tell you, I was on edge. I felt like I had to babysit them, they were really clingy. Honestly, I’m over thinking it. Mari was nice and very hospitable. We got blankets and she made us a three course dinner. You know Mari.”
     “Ya, I know what you mean.” 
     Duncan has started trying to speak pretty intellectually in his early twenties. Trying to jump through more advanced mental hoops and use bigger words. But with all the pauses and “ums” he sounds like a cross between Timothy Leary and Tommy Chong. While I half listen to him a few rapid thoughts skyrocket my anxiety level. I picture Duncan’s receding hairline, his yellow teeth, his bleak career outlooks, and how he wants his soulmate to be instantly woo’d by the repulsive deodorant-less odor emanating two feet around him. 
     He used to be the most popular kid at Shorecrest, I lament. Football star, cheerleading captain girlfriend who he constantly cheated on. His friendship used to validate my life. I sacrificed so many IQ points to forge a friendship for life with him. 
     I need to make new friends, I think. But I can’t, it’s too hard, I don’t drink or smoke pot. I’m too anxious. It’s over for me. I lost in life.  My bad mood brings with it a nasty idea, I grab my laptop. 
    “Hey Duncan, tell me about something deep you’ve been thinking about lately.”  
    “Uh ok. Um, well we’re coming to the point where we have fewer and fewer resources and more and more people. And like we’re so used to having these luxuries, and you know hold on, I need to figure out how to word this. Um, like we need to cut back on the crap we’ve become accustomed too. You know I just got back from burning man, and I’ve been thinking, um, a lot lately, about how people’s year long life revolves around planning burning man. Like that’s all they do, ya know.
     “We’re getting to the point that we need to take those innovative ideas, like ya know, ipads and hd and cool technology for sex, and apply it to, um like building communities and like preserving nature, ya know. We have so much potential and we’re wasting it on crap. And don’t get me wrong we need to be entertained, but, ya know it would be great if like people put a little bit more of their energy into building communities. I don’t know. Our community now is like watching celebrities online and then tweeting about it. Our lives have literally become watching a group of upper echelons through a magic screen.    
     “And we think globalization is a good thing for like little countries in Asia. Um, because they get jobs ya know. But like, why can’t we help them out more in general? Why do we need them to make useless crap that we don’t need and we think makes us a happy, before we throw it out in a year, so Bangladesh can have an economy? Like why don’t we help Bangladesh out in general ya know? And in our spirit that would make us more happy. I don’t know. I mean people hate us because we make them make all our crap ya know, and we spend all of our energy on war, and um, that would be solved if we just helped each other. Like those human beings in poverty. Those people can help us move forward, and were just raping the world so we can make shit that we don’t care about. We should help them because their human beings and that means something.”    
     “I feel the same way,” I answer him. “But then I think, is might right? I just get confused. Life’s so complex. We’re living in the information age and I don’t know the first thing about coding or electricity. Who are we to Elon Musk?” 
     “I was just reading about our metaphysical side,” Duncan says. “How we’re in control of what we put out and our paradigm or what we believe is true. And hatred and animosity and regret and violence and hatred. Those are just going to perpetuate those things into the world. And if we can just face every day with an open heart, and ‘how can I express love in this situation?’ It’s amazing how much a little love can change someone’s mind. People really respond to that. The vibration of love is ten times the power of hate. A little bit of light spans out infinitely into the darkness.” 
     “Ten times more powerful than hate? And how do they measure that?”
     “I don’t remember man, it’s just an analogy. And um, like the sad thing is I don’t think people will change. There’s a landfill twice the size of the U.S. in the Pacific Ocean between Hawaii and Cali. But until it actually affects our lives were not going to do anything about it. I think America’s going to have a big fall and crash. But I’m ready man, bring on the rapture, I’m ready for some shit to happen.”
     “But that goes against everything you just said about love.” I shout playfully. “And it’s not an actual trash continent, you can’t see it, it’s just a ton of plastic in the water.” 
     “I’m not saying that’s what I want to happen, that’s just the only way were going to change ya know? And like I’m part of the problem man, I’m way too lazy. Probably because I smoke too much pot. I turn on Netflix and all of a sudden five hours has flown by. And then when I’m done my eyes hurt. Like all I do is focus on the negative sides of people, um I critique people way too much. It sucks around here, I’m bored. Like maybe I’m bitter and arrogant. Fucking people, I don’t know, it’s like if you don’t live up to my standards I don’t want to be friends with you and you can go fuck off. There’s a ton of these cocky, country douchebags here. I have a certain view of the world, and they don’t get where I’m coming from, and I don’t want to take the time to explain it to them. I have a real stick up my ass lately, I don’t know what’s going on with me. I’ve been really bitter these days. I’m bitter I don’t have more money, that I’m not more successful. I used to be so athletic and smart, I could get any girl. I don’t know what happened, I just made one fuck up after another. Our generation grew up with this overwhelming sense of entitlement. And, and it induces a false inflation of invincibility until the laws of nature kick in and steals our righteousness leaving us feeling empty and lost. Our selfishness got the best of us. We expected everything just to happen for us. We expected the world. Whatever man, I’m down to go live in a commune.” 

     It’s not just Duncan. I say “um” all the time. I pause whole conversations with a loud “um” while the last piece to what I’m going to stay is still stuck on the tip of my tongue. What’s that word? Threat? Liability? You’ll finally come up with it minutes after the joke would have been funny. “She’s a liability!”
     I can still confidently pre-laugh with the best of them, halt the entire crowd as if what I’m about to say is hilarious. My mannerisms are all still there, my hands are in the right places, my voice raised to an attentive screech, always so sure I’ve still got it. And then the stumbles come out, the trips. “One of my favorite comedians does a great bit, oh what’s his name? From the Comedians of Comedy…He played Ratatouille. Do you know who I’m talking about? Oh well, he said the best Hollywood stories don’t happen when everything goes great. They happen when…oh crap, who’s the actor from White Man Can’t Jump? He had tax problems..? Wesley Snipes. He said the best story is when Wesley Snipes won’t come out of his trailer and only communicates to the director through post it notes signed Blade.” 
     You can always tell the kids that have partied too much. Lindsey Lohan isn’t getting those brain cells back.
     My last roommates were a group of graduate students at UW. Every night they had a ritual of watching jeopardy together. Most of the time, before I even finished reading the question, one of the girls would yell, “Lepidoptera.” 
     Once, two of the categories were “History of the World from 1700-Present,” and “History of the World from 1300-Present.” Within milliseconds one of my roommates was picturing a scenario in which a “1700-Present” history professor was debating a “1300-Present” history professor as to the historical importance of 1300-1700 AD. She began imitating the “1300-Present” professor by shouting, “How can you expect to give a comprehensive analysis of World War I without fully understanding the 100 Years War?” I didn’t even laugh it was so funny, I just sat frozen in awe and envy. Friday nights I could compete with them, their Jeopardy game really fell apart the drunker they got. Their jokes stopped being funny too, but they laughed just as loudly. 
     In your twenties there’s no more time to dream about being able to dance like a professional, speak three different languages, dress like a professional stylist, win a Macarthur genius award, rap, make beats, act, be a blackbelt in jiu-jitsu, and program computers. And when that day comes I hope you never have to feel the pain of not being able to say for sure if drug use during your developmental years stunted your growth, lowered your IQ or exasperated your panic disorder. Haunted by perfect memories of being faded at 13 when you breathe in the evening summer air. You can’t put middle school legend on a resume. 
     In America today you gotta Drake it. Just keep killing it over and over, your entire life. You can’t just kill it for a while and then fall off like a oncler. Just ask Jonsen. And you can’t fuck up for a while and then finally make it. You’ll still be tormented by the past, by that date you blew with Rick Steve’s daughter. Or the time you were in a steam room with two beautiful naked girls and the best you could do was say, “Wow, you guys are shaved. Good Job.” Acne scars never go away.
     No, you have to kill it nonstop. Who knows, play your cards right and maybe someone will write a book about you.

40. The Wait-to-do-drugs Speech 
     I’ve been trying to come up with the perfect “wait-to-do-drugs” speech to give to my preteens someday. I practice on my best friend’s cousins. They’re 15-year-old suburban pot heads. One of them, Luke, is a skater. He’s shy, comes out of his shell much more carefully. He doesn’t stray far from his clique. He wears skater everything. Somewhere along the line he got it in his head that he’s not very book smart, or it’s not cool to do well in school, either way he’s a poor student. He’s also a nice, funny, and a unique special person.
     The other cousin, Michael, he reminds me of me. Kid’s something like a go-getta. Multiple cliques, straight-A’s, all honors classes. Well, he was a straight-A student his freshman and sophomore year, B average his junior year. And by all accounts he’s the worst of the bunch. Getting high with one group before school, then blazing up with another group during lunch.
      When I give Brandon’s cousins my “wait-to-do-drugs” speech I look right at them and give them my best jaded, sad eyes look. “Look at me,” I say, “I used to be just like you. I am you, I’m future you in five years.” I pause theatrically and let that settle in. “You know what the future is like? Imagine all your friends, the ones you’ll be friends for life with. Well in the future they’re not popular anymore. They aren’t popular anymore because after high school college kids are popular. Kids in the greek system are popular, kids with full ride scholarships are popular. And past college there’s no such thing as popular anymore, only rich. In a few years all the best girls are gonna be all over those goobers who you’re cooler than, oh that’s gonna eat you up inside. Best believe those bores are learning man, their social IQ’s are growing and they’re coming for you. You know that 16 year old you’re in love with right now, that party girl, ya go ahead think about her right now, what’s her name? Sophia? Well in the future she’s so fat and busted you won’t even say hi to her when you see her.”    
     “Growing up’s like when you gave up playing with Legos and stopped watching cartoons. Remember how much you loved Legos? Your brain just changes. Right now you love partying more than anything, but in a few years you’ll want to be successful more than anything. And you’re gonna need every single brain cell when that day comes. Not to be a rocket scientist, but to finish the punchlines to your jokes quickly. If everyone got memory problems the first time they smoked weed no one would smoke weed. It’s gradual, and by the time you realize it’s happened, you think, well I already have memory problems now, might as well keep getting high.”
     And they look me back straight in the eye and say, “We know Marco, we totally understand what you’re saying. No one has put it like that before. We get it.” 
     That tricky little punk Michael is the worst. He says all the right things, makes you a believer.    
     “I’m done man, I really am. I’m already having memory problems man. I know it’s bad for your brain and there’s healthier ways to deal with stress. I know all the cool kids turn out to be losers. Plus, everyone does it now, I want to be cool in my own way.” 
     The next thing you hear is that Michael got suspended from school because a friend he was with got caught at a dance with a bong in his backpack. I haven’t been able to pinpoint where exactly in the speech I lose them, but I suspect it’s very early on.

Summer 2010

     I go with Brandon over to his Uncle’s house to play basketball with his cousins. They’re so creative and energetic that while we play they invent a new game where you get hosed with water for every basket you miss, as the game goes on the rules get more and more elaborate. 
     The big gossip is that Luke has to attack some kid at school because the guy ripped Luke and his friends off and sold them cut-up crayon pieces instead of ecstasy. Luke’s got to defend his honor. I listen to his plan, he’s just going to walk up to him at gym class and start swinging. 
     “Why do you have to do it in gym class? Why don’t you fight him outside of school so you don’t get in trouble?” I ask him. 
     “He doesn’t hang out at school besides class, and he hardly even goes to class.”
     “Why don’t you let it go and realize this guy is gonna end up sadder than you can ever imagine in a few years. You should buy him a cake, he saved you some serious braincells.”  
     Brandon humors me and chuckles. They don’t respond. 
     “Want to hear about our greatest high school fight?” That gets their attention. 
     “Our senior year of high school, our friend Duncan threw a big party at his house,” I begin the story.         
     “You remember Jesse Hoffman?” I ask Brandon rhetorically. Jesse Hoffman was the greatest high school football player of our era in Shoreline. He broke all the Shorecrest record books for a running back.    
      “That night was the only time I’ve ever partied with him.” I brag for effect. “Well, I mean I stood in his circle for a bit.”
      “Was he nice?” Brandon asks. 
      “I don’t know. Dude didn’t say a word the whole time. He didn’t have to. He was Jessie Hoffman. Why waste the energy? Why bare the stress? Even after everyone left his circle, he just stood there by himself.”
      “You didn’t even say anything to him?”
      “I just kept looking at his legs and arms wondering how he single handedly won a championship. So Duncan’s throwing this big party, Jessie Hoffman’s there. Then a new kid at Shorecrest, RJ, showed up acting real hard with his crew from his old school. And a big fight broke out, and Duncan’s house got trashed. And the new kid actually pulled out a gun creating a mass exodus. Except for one older girl who knew something about being hard and decided to call this guy’s bluff. Fearlessly she went after him, and she guessed right, he wasn’t going to shoot her. But she was wrong on another important point, dude was willing to hit a girl, and he beat the shit out of her.”  
      “That was the greatest fight? A girl getting beat up?” Michael snidely comments.
      “Oh, just you wait buddy,” I say, half enticingly, half sarcastically. “So it turns out that the ghetto older girl that got her ass kicked was Marcus’ sister. And the next weekend, when RJ showed up to the party that weekend, some switch went off in Marcus’ mind. Marcus saw RJ from across the house and started sprinting at him, and then he jumped, and I can’t emphasis the next part enough, Marcus actually pulled one foot straight into the air and kicked RJ in the face. K.O.’d him so hard that RJ’s bloody grill flew across the floor. Movie stuff. 
      “That’s it? I’ve seen a kid get jumped with skateboards.” Luke brags. 
      “My homie Tone is the baddest dude ever, he’s got those 36 crazy fists. He could woop marcus’ ass.” Michael says.
      They’re not impressed.
      “Oh whatever, I’d like to see any of you guys come close to executing a running jump-kick.” I grumble bitterly under my breathe. They laugh.
      “Ok, ok, well here’s the best part,” I promise. “Want to know what happened to Marcus?”
They seem much less interested this time around. F-it, I’ve never been able to find any reason as to why certain things stick in your head for life. Eventually something I say has got to stick. 
     “Marcus now works as a pizza delivery driver.” I laugh to take the edge off the judgmental bluntness. 
     I don’t know Marcus well enough to know if he’s happy. I know he’s self-conscious about his career. He does a great job of selling it positively when he tells you his job, he says it with confidence and his head held high, looks you right in the eyes. 
     “I’m delivering pizzas.”
     When he’d told me I’d said something supportive, “Hey, I heard you guys get really good tips. I wouldn’t mind driving around all day.” 
     “I know man,” he’d replied, “I get the fattest tips some nights, plus I just smoke hella and just cruise.” It’s one thing to be prideful in your work, but it takes a special ego to get hella cocky with it when you deliver pizzas. Worst of all he still thinks I think he’s cool.  
     I would bet that when Marcus is at his lowest he wishes he could start over and party less, do something more productive for his future. It’s possible he’s much more at peace with his allotment in life than me. Maybe he’s convinced himself that he never had a chance in school anyways on behalf of his A.D.D. That would be a comforting thought. 
      “Stop giving them such a hard time Marco” Brandon finally chimes in. “We did everything wrong and look, we turned out alright.” 
     I glare at Brandon, he couldn’t be more wrong. Brandon didn’t turn out OK. Well he is and he isn’t. He’s got some special qualities, he’s a body builder, smart, funny, genuinely loves his family more than anything in the world. But he has some serious issues too. He can be lazy, like escaping life by watching movies and playing video games for whole months lazy. He’s so self-conscious about his career outlooks and the gap in his teeth that he hasn’t had a girlfriend in years. 
     Not all of it’s his fault. His dad is one of the worst dads you could ever have. A drunk that likes to verbally abuse the crap out of people. Brandon’s Dad really gets off telling his son what a fuck up he is and constantly criticizing him. A few times Brandon’s said “no more” and stopped talking to him. He’s made it years before. But his dad always comes apologizing and begging for Brandon back. 
     Not that Brandon didn’t have a lot of opportunities many people don’t get. And he messed a lot of them up. He just has this ability to zone out from life, getting completely lost in a movie, a game or just sleeping. I can totally relate. Something like, before any of the drugs, we were already masters at tuning stuff out, checking out from the world.  
     And me? I’m definitely not OK. It’s not as obvious as you might think, but if Brandon could only see me on the inside. I don’t talk about my little journey with mental illness the last 7 years. I wish I could, I try with my family, but unless you’ve had it you can’t understand. 
     But I can’t say any of this to Brandon, so I say the only thing I can, “What about Marcus, Brandon? What about Kace? Steven? Carol? Are they doing fine?” I could have gone on and on… Tim, Duncan, John, Victor, Pacey, Eddy, Kyle, Janae, Isa, Eric, Jay, Mia, Josh, Isa, Jake, Daniel, Emily, Riley, Simon, John, Brendan, Nate, Rachel, Eric, Chris, Greg, Chelsea, Mike, Jeff, Jake, Ricky, Ivar, Eamon, Gabe, Nick, Bradley, Ben, Daniel, Eric, Chris, Seth, Seth, Danny, Kyu, Justyn, Josh, Andrew, Aaron, David…
     Brandon must know, he knows.
     
     On our way home we stop at the local grocery store, while Brandon and Michael go in I wait with Luke in the car. I’m parked right in front of a group of fifteen teenagers hovering around three or four cars. 
     “That’s him,” Luke says, ducking a little lower in the backseat.
     “Who? The guy that sold you crayons as e?”
     “Ya, the short blonde one.”
     The kid’s maybe 5’3, a lil’ guy. He has impressive energy though, he never stands in one place more than two seconds. Jumping in and out of his friends cars, bouncing around the group.    
     “He looks like a real cocky mofo,” I tell Luke. I try to think of a comparison for him to someone from my high school but I surprisingly can’t. He’s unique. You can see that the other 15 kids look up to him, he’s one of their leaders. It’s a rag tag group of rave beads, neck bandanas, multi-positioned hats, sagging jeans, and acne. Their group reminds me of the grimy, classless druggies from our high school. The kids that did 20 e pills in one week. The kids that never had a chance, ever. Watching them in the parking lot I can see their future as if it’d already happened. It’s so clear. In my head I start putting together another line for my speech. Being successful these days isn’t being 1 in 500. Who gives a shit about 1 in 5,000 even. There’s 7 billion people in the world. Life is about being 1 in 100,000, at the very least. 

41. Negative Thoughts.
     The worst feeling in the world is being forgotten by someone you can’t forget. 

     We can’t really communicate. All we can do is busily go through the list of things popping into our heads and pretend to listen. Eventually it all boils down to “Look at me. Look at me.”

     I spent the first half of my life wishing I had hair all over my body and the second half hating it. 

     We imagine ourselves through camera angles now. 

     This Oakley thing used to be fun, one of the quirks I loved about myself. I let it go on harmlessly for too long and it grew into something pathetic and crazy. I have Great Gatsby syndrome, I don’t know how to let it go, he gets killed at the end. Writing a book about it was not the best choice.

     I’ve seen things so perfect they can never be repeated, copied. Picturesque images of Drake riding the beat in his brand new top-floor, glass-walled Miami condo. His crew posed impromptu around him, some off in the background gazing down on their city like they run it. 
     What the f are you if you don’t have an Instagram full of amazing pictures? A white linen fruit breakfast overlooking the pyramids on a perfect day. Wading out into the sunset on a secluded gorgeous beach in Thailand. Spontaneously caught dancing with your eyes closed at a savvy nightclub in Belarus with a tight skinned stranger in a backless dress bent over in front of you. 
     
     I’ve seen SO many pictures of strangers. 
     
     A whole life lived to have people look at me and think, “Wow, he’s so much better than me.”
     
     I try to listen to swag pop without getting upset. It’s just music. Creative, genius music. I try to imagine that the artist is a surrogate for my own self-esteem, to pump me up. That’s what everyone else seems to be able to do. I can’t go to a gym, sports game, club or party without some superstar reminding me how much better they are than me. The songs talk about having freaky ass sex with thick ass girls with the best brains who give the best brain. Fucking two, three at a time. How they fuck them so hard they damage their internal organs. How they’re friends with everyone in their city and how they wish they could blow all their money just so they could make it from the bottom all over again. How you’re a hater who ain’t doing it right ‘cause money talk and you’ll never be on their g4 level.  How your girl’s their groupie. How you’re a lame because you actually catch feelings for these hoes. 
     Older people will never understand. They can’t even understand the lyrics. You have to have grown up with it your whole life.
     And who am I to complain? These guys are cultural icons, gods among billions. It’s just a party, there are much worst things in this world than casual sex. I like having my shirt off, I would love to be in a music video, I’m a slut. Why am I such a grumpy hater? 
     It’s been the same thought process for ten years. I’m drawn in like a jealous junky and then hate myself for envying them and then debate whether selling power, drugs and sex is wrong. Trying to draw a murky line between supporting the artist and enabling the addict. Between artifacts and art. 
     I always conclude that swag pop’s basically musical crack, pleasurable at first but then terrible for your soul. Then I stay up until 4 in the morning reading about the 17 year old that made the hit beat for Rozay’s new single. 
     They should do a triple blind, quadruple control study where they teach children about Jesus and Ghandi and Martin Luther King while at the same time raising them with music videos. Superstars are our lead pipes, well definitely the pollution and bad food, but after that. 

     Panic is spending your entire life thinking you’re special and better and then realizing one day in the face of 7 billion people that you’re not all that special or better. A whole life wasted watching too many hero’s journeys, dreaming too big.  
     
     “I try to write about everything that happens in a moment…all our feelings…the history of it…everything in the world. Everything all mixed up… No matter what you start with it ends up being so much less.’[28]
[28]The Hours

     My greatest gift is one that’s all too common these days. Being critical. Give me a few minutes and I can cleverly put down anyone. If you look long enough were all ugly, we all have weird bumps on our heads, weird things on our skin, ears. You can always find something if you look long enough. Human beings are all hideous in the right light. 
     When I see a girl I want to ask out, or a guy I want to be friends with, instead of talking to them, I critique something about them until I feel satisfied enough to not expend the energy. I haven’t made a new friend in years.      
     These days I’m mainly critical of myself.

     It’s amazing how alone you can get in a city of 3 million people. 

     I’m the fakest revolutionary ever. I have lots of moments where I’d sell my soul for some portable status symbol. To sit VIP in the swankiest clubs, to hang out with go-getta girls that are trying their hardest to impress you. Their unique smells, their sweat. 
     Give me any semblance of power, any high ground to look down from, and I’d fail every test. I’d be as cocky as any of them. I’d run my mouth and try and control my friends, my family. I’d be a dick to all the dicks. All my neurotic whims would slowly slip out.     
     
     What’s the point of a thought if it’s not hilarious and brilliant? That’s what being smart is, thinking through a bunch of shitty thoughts as fast possible. Constantly, frantically monitoring your thoughts for the next great idea. Being a thought factory. How many hours of daydreaming equals a great line of poetry? 
     Most of my thoughts don’t even make enough sense to be bad. I’ve squandered my brilliant spark. Killed too many braincells. Doomed to hyper-vigilantly comb through a lifetime of unexceptional things to say. 
    
     I’m not even a good writer, my metaphors and similes suck. It’s all been said before and no one reads anymore anyways. And I’m lazy
    
     I can’t stand 21st cenutury conversations. “I’ve been watching… Have you seen…? We’ve been watching… I heard the funniest joke in… You gotta wach…” 
     I spend 10 hours a day in front of a screen. So does everyone. We’re the first to live most of our lives in front of a screen.   

     In the 21st century all the songs remind you of other songs because they all use the same synthesizer noises from the same music programs. Even the old songs because of all the samples. In the 21st century, faces aren’t divinely unique anymore, everyone reminds you of 5 other people. There’s such an oversaturation of everything it’s all just one big overwhelming mess. There’s so much information that the best you should hope for is to find a niche running a blog that reviews dog toys or self-published books. We haven’t adapted yet, we have to change all our plans and dreams, but I don’t know how yet.
      
     And I know years of being on the “medication,” the future drugs, just made me worst. They say the medications somehow increase neuron production in the brain, increasing message delivery. They used to say that they somehow balanced your neurotransmitters, but now it’s the other thing. What if I now have too many neurotransmitters after all these years? What if they’ve permanently sped up my thoughts? Who knows? There’s something wrong in my subcallosal cingulate. I’ve just been thinking too fast lately… For how long? Who knows... I can’t remember. Maybe for years. They just pop in and out of my mind too fast, racing, this is what it’s like to live in the information age. I’m mad, I’m absolutely going mad. It’s only a matter of time now. 
     
     This book’s no different than the gangster rappers. I’m selling fourteen year olds huffing gravity hits and giving each other oral sex. And I wish I could tell you even more. I wish I could write a story about 14 year old gangbangers in chiraq using snapchat. 

     There comes a point when you’ve been down for so long there’s no getting back to the top. Years spent looking at a screen. And how many panic attacks? 3000? Ten is too many. And how many social faux pas? Humiliatingly rejected by at least 50 girls. How many times have I come off as desperate and creepy? 80 jobs. Waiting for texts, emails and calls that will never come. 
     22 years old having your dad drive you to an emergency room at 2 in the morning while you’re laughing out the window about how you’re going crazy because you’re only smart enough to memorize other people’s jokes. So frozen with fear you can’t even pray. Asking to be put into a psych ward. 
     Once you’ve been to the abyss a few times. That does something to you. There’s no getting your top of the world swagger back after that. No more energy to engage bad story tellers and smile and nod and make their days. Say hi to strangers. 

     Ruminate on negative thoughts like these long enough and eventually you might find yourself in a place where you can’t stop thinking about how unsettling first person vision is. You’ll shudder and feel nauseous thinking about how you’re just a walking panorama with limbs sticking out: unsupported, ungrounded. 
     Every couple of seconds an alarm of self-awareness will go off in your head reminding you that you ruined your brain and your life and everything’s wrong. You’ll start to hate all your meaningless, repetitive, sporadic, dull thoughts: Washing my hands for the 100,000th time is so fucking fun. What a retarded thing to say. Out of everything there is to possibly say you said that? I’ve heard so many jokes they don’t mean anything anymore, I have a joke tolerance. Why I’m I so critical and negative? What’s wrong with me? Why can’t you be happy for other people? How much of life is forgetting and double-checking and remembering and skinny arm poses? Oh god I’m chronically sick. I’m weak. Life’s meaningless. 
     The roller coaster ride of obscure sensations and thoughts in your head will make you feel really weird and terrified. In the same breathe you’ll be utterly too smart and too stupid. Terrified of stopping at cross walks, driving to the grocery store, being along in bed. Certain that the next unbearably mundane moment you’re trapped alone with your delirious thoughts will be your last. Which one will be the one that completely eats you up? Will it be imagining all the silent disses that people have thought about you? It’s only a matter of time. 
    What’s wrong with you will become that you spend all your time trying to figure out what’s wrong with you. You’ll spend months, years, chewing over a brief unexpected window of euphoria in the midst of all the anxiety. What drug you were on, what dose. Holding out hope to try and piece that moment back together. Just saying the words “mental illness” or conceptualizing the idea will overwhelm you with an “I can’t believe this is happening to me” moment. All your thoughts will be followed by, life’s weird, this sucks. You’ll hit a last second shot in a basketball tournament and think, I can’t be happy, I’m sick. 
     You’ll begin to hate thinking. You’ll orgasm and think, that’s it? That’s the best life has to offer? Waking up will become a living nightmare.
     Just hearing celebrities names will make your arm clench until it shakes. You’ll feel the fear of worrying about the last conception you’ll have before your consciousness fades away. 
     I titled a poem I never wrote amidst an episode of psychic pain. I reached down from my bed and scribbled on a receipt lying on the ground. “Death is the best anti-depressant.”

42. Positive Thoughts
     So, life didn’t turn out anything like you expected it to you. You didn’t live up to all those promises you made to yourself when you were eight. You’ve failed at your life’s greatest ambition and all that’s left is malaise and mediocrity. Now what? 
     Feeling that vulnerable strength is all I ever have left. The ferociousness of watching your mom fight as hard as anyone has ever fought for 15 years. Having a grandmother who raised her six orphaned siblings during the depression. All I can ever do is grasp out for straws faster than ever before. 
     It all starts with a breath, a deep breath. In 1, 2, 3, 4. Hold 1, 2, 3, 4. Out 1, 2, 3, 4. Relax 1, 2, 3, 4. You’ve never really breathed until you’ve mindfully focused on the sensations of a breathe. The air filling and leaving your lungs. The rising and falling of your stomach. The air against your lips.

     One night, my Jr year of college, in the midst of an unbearable episode of mental pain, I went to the gym and worked out until I couldn’t think anymore, until I couldn’t possibly feel anything besides brain-dead fatigue. And it helped, so I kept doing it. 
     A year after that, after reading another article about how a nutritious diet heals your brain, I decided to commit to eating a great diet. Might as well. I went to the grocery store and bought boxes of vegetables and super fruits: kale, spinach, avocados, tomatoes, blue berries, red peppers. I started eating kale and spinach straight out of the bag, for months. I f-ing HATE kale! But I started forcing it down my mouth every day. I started eating breakfast every morning and making healthy meals like salmon, eggs, grass-fed beef. I began adding a lot of healthy fats to my diet, like nuts, avocados and all kinds of oils. The brain is 70% fat. This all helped, so I kept at it, evolving my system. I eventually began cooking my vegetables in oil and butter with turmeric, it’s much tastier and more powerful. 
     After that I quit smoking cigarettes. My insatiable sacred moments of callous rebellion, despair, self-loathing and deep philosophical thought. It took me a year. I threw out probably 50 full packs of cigarettes. In one night I bought 3 packs of cigarettes and threw out two. I dug plenty of half-broken cigarettes out of the dumpster I’d just thrown out five minutes before.      
     Going through the long and arduous process of withdrawing off the medication future drugs, again. Either because of the side effects, or because they weren’t working, or because I read a bunch of distressing articles on the internet about how they don’t really know how these medications work or their safety. I found myself frozen and slightly shaking at a party, filled with thoughts of imminent doom. Scheming on how to instantaneously flee and run to my dad’s for days, without embarrassing myself too much. Sorry guys, my brother just got into a car accident. My grandma had to go to the hospital. 
     When I pulled my date inconspicuously onto the deck and whispered, “Hey, so I have panic attacks, and I’m switching meds and I’m having one right now.”  
     And she shockingly said, “I have panic attacks too.” And she held my hand, and told me about her own horrible struggles with the meds. And in an instance it made all the difference, I went from thinking “I’m absolutely doomed” to feeling more calm and relaxed. 
     I actually stayed at the party, holding her hand, and felt much better. It got me thinking how quickly just having someone hold your hand can make a world of difference. So I went back to therapy and began studying Dialectical Behavioral Therapy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, the gold standards of modern psychology. 
     I started writing down my negative thoughts and brainstorming different ways to think about them. I noticed how biased some of the things I spent hours ruminating on were. 
     People go their whole lives without realizing how their thoughts influence their feelings. Completely subjective, ever changing thoughts. 
     I began focusing my attention on my positive moments, no matter how small, journaling them down. The cool touch of a sheet against your skin, smooth jazz, fresh air, giving someone a hug, driving on the open road at night under all the lights. Challenging my minds negatively filtered way of thinking. Distractions can be good, no one’s depressed and anxious every second all day long, no matter how bad you are. It can be good to live in the moment and get lost in distractions, most of life is distractions. Plus, all feelings come in waves, nothing’s permanent. I started journaling down my good moments every night, writing about them helps you relive them. If I felt good for a few minutes, then why couldn’t I feel good for a few hours? 
     I started meditating 10 minutes a day. I figured focusing on my breath was better than repeating the same anxious thoughts over and over. I liked that so much I started going 15 minutes a day, then 30 minutes a day, then 20-30 minutes twice a day. Meditation is amazing, after a few minutes you’re more relaxed, time slows down and you’re more in tune with your body and senses. You’ve never really eaten until you’ve meditatively and mindfully focused on the texture and flavor of every bite. You’ve never really felt the rain until you’ve mindfully focused on the size and place of every drop hitting your face.
     I began trying yoga. In one yoga session I was able to go from a 9 to a 4. 
     I began getting lots of sunshine. Taking barefoot walks in the woods, in the grass, in the mud, focusing on the sensations in my feet. I pray to god, Allah, Gaia, Baba Yetu, Yahweh. I let every breeze become a blessing. 
     I stopped watching music videos, reading about superstars, following Oakley on social media.
     All my acne, which I’d fought my entire life, went away after I made an effort to drink more water and eat less carbs and sugar. 
    I never started using a single one of these skills because I had the foresight and wisdom to realize that preventative medicine is incredibly rewarding. I made them all by the skin of my teeth out of desperation. 

     I am uniquely unique, nothing like me has existed or will exist again. Everyone one of us is a living, breathing, walking miracle. Life’s exactly how it should be and you can influence it and change it. 

     I can see, smell, hear, touch, taste. Life’s a gift, every breath. And it’s over in a blink. Just take it day by day. Who cares if you’ve looked in the mirror and wondered how beautiful you are 20,000 times. Life’s too short, don’t stress it. 

     What I have is tolerable, constantly being up in my head, the battle. People have fought harder, longer. People living with chronic pain, seizures, allergies. migraines.  People with OCD, schizophrenia, dyslexia. People in solitary confinement, slaves. Helen Keller. I’ve had great moments since I developed this disorder, plenty. No one’s just permanently walking on clouds.

     Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. Life’s good. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself. I forgive myself.

     It’s better to form a deep relationship with one girl than have crazy sex with thousands of girls. Well, at least as good. There’s always an after orgasm, when Lil’Wayne’s left alone with two or six strangers. 

     Famous people’s lives aren’t that much different from mine. We all drink water. Eat great food. Watch the same shows. Work. Exercise. Get anxious. Do errands. Take showers. Dress. Drive. Swim. Have conversations. Go to the bathroom. Pray. We have more in common than the 20 percent difference. Is that 20 percent difference really worth beating yourself up all the time? What’s a screaming stadium to a hug from your brother? To a good meditation? What’s an orgy to a good conversation? What’s patronessy to a glass of cool water? There’s not much difference between an amazing life and a super, crazy amazing life unless you spend all your time feeling like a failure because you’re life’s not super, crazy amazing. Plus, the art and products they slave over to make, 70+ hours a week, are for us. For our enjoyment.  

     “Why then rage and prophesy? Why fly scourged and outcast? Why be made to tremble and sob by the clouds?” [29]
[29] Mrs. Dalloway.

     I’m finally ahead of peers in some ways. I don’t know any other 25 year olds that meditate an hour every day, practice DBT skills and eat a variety of cooked vegetables every day. 

     I never did become a solider. Even though it was the first certain thing I ever wanted to be. The hundreds of horribly descriptive books and movies I couldn’t get enough of, eventually showed me that it’s not really that great. Jonsen talked about joining the army for years. I would always pursued him, “Jonsen, in all those war books we ever read, not a single one, not a single one, ever recommended it.”  

     My dad always tells a story from a visualization exercise a therapist had him do where he opened a chest deep in his subconscious and a picture of his mom came out. His mom ran a very critical and controlling ship when they were children. My dad’s second marriage is nothing like his first, it’s happy and synergetic and respectful. His critical tendencies are still down there, but as he tells me, “I learned the hard way you don’t have to say every thought that comes into your head, Marco. Pick your battles. In a marriage you should always give 16 compliments to every constructive criticism. We’re our own worst critics in the first place.” 

     I do this thing these days when I pass strangers, I point out something cool about them. Something they’re wearing or their hair. Keeping a very open mind. Beauty is so subjective anyways. In my lifetime we’ve gone from waif to thick. Last year I was obsessed with tan skin and now I’m into pale skin. Khaleesi’s bushy eyebrows are hot. True style is avant-garde and disgusting. Modeling agencies look for nontraditional faces. So when strangers pass I imagine gummy smiles are really in, snaggle teeth. Who knows what’s next. Or if that’s not working, I don’t assign a value to them at all, I’ll focus on descriptions and colors. He’s wearing a beige fedora. She’s wearing a black and white stripped dress… 

     Oakley struggles. She lives in L.A., the most competitive city on the planet, and she doesn’t even have a Wikipedia page. She works probably 60 hours a week, not including the gym. She probably spends an hour or two every day stuck in LA traffic. 95 percent of wrinkles and skin deformities come from sun exposer and let’s just say Oakley’s not such a huge fan of sunscreen. She’s the type of person that will start getting botox injections at 33, not because she needs them, but because it’s the next horrendously compelling status symbol. Oakley’s just looking for her own peace of mind. It’s stressful trying to keep up with queen bey. 

     Things matter, moments matter, what you say matters. You influence other people, in the most surprising ways. Life matters. 

     The universe will continue on even if some imminent human caused catastrophe makes the planet uninhabitable for life. The earth self regulates, it’s been way too hot for a while, and way too cold for a while. Life will probably grow again, humans might even survive.

     I may never be as happy as a child again. But no one is.

     Whatever symptoms of psychic pain you're experiencing right now are just a symptoms. There’s no guarantee they will last. You can get better.

     If I go permanently crazy all of a sudden so be it. There’s nothing I can do about that, god’s will.  

     One of my professors once told me that he was glad he wasn’t rich. He said there’s way too much pressure and responsibility that comes with being at the top. It’s never what you think. Somebody’s always going to have what you want.

     There are so many things to think about, an infinite possibility, why ruminate over the same distressing thoughts over and over? Think about anything else. Notice the color and models of cars on the road, observe sensations inside your body, feel any of the different textures around you.  

     I’m thankful for every ego-checking moment I’ve had to keep me humble and down to earth. My resiliency is impressive, how I’m able to just pick my head back up and keep trying. 

     I’m finally ahead of my time in some ways. I don’t know any other 20 year olds that are meditating every day and eating cooked veggies every day.

     Our consciousness is so tiny in this overwhelmingly complex world that all you can do is stay relentlessly thankful and optimistic. Make your brain work for you.

     Some dreams you have to let go, Portuguese breakfasts on yachts. “Our great war is a spiritual war.’[30]
[30] Fight Club.

43. Ladies Man (Summer 2012)
     Emma, my ex-girlfriend, calls me. I’m late to our rendezvous at the lake. She asks bitchily were I am, I tell her I’m a block away. She clearly still has some resentment towards me. She’s standing against her car with her arms crossed as I pull up. 
     My brains working faster than a click farm worker and uneasy feelings are getting the best of me. This isn’t right, I need to let her move on. Once I park, I jollily jog over to her car, showing her that I’m fun loving and energetic. 
     With a big smile I say “Hey you,” And pick her up and spin her around. 
     “Took you long enough,” She replies. I wait while she goes back into her car to grab her things. I look her over for the first time in a month, she doesn’t look that pretty to me. That’s the way it’s always been though, one moment she’s gorgeous and I’m so unbelievably lucky to have dated her, and the next moment I’m in disbelief I dated her for so long and I must be a loser. 
     Hot prickly waves of anxiety burst inside my body with all the discomfort of someone suffocating. All my instincts tell me I have to run away immediately, anywhere but here. But I’ve battled this disorder long enough to know you can’t give it a single inch. I’ve learned the hard way that any brief relief you may gain from running away is nothing compared to the permanent pain of letting this disorder control and define your life.
     This discomfort will pass, I reassure myself. You’re pro at tolerating this discomfort. Just stay for a while until this feeling passes, just give it a half hour, you can always leave in a half hour. 
     Two weeks after we’d broken up Emma had texted me asking if we could be friends with benefits, I’d said no. Two weeks and three humiliating rejections after that, I’d texted her asking if the friends with benefits thing was still on the table. True strength isn’t breaking up with your girlfriend when you want to be single. True strength is not running back to them during the unbearably lonely months that follow. 
     She’d asked me what changed my mind and I’d respond that it would be weird but also new and exciting. Emma agreed and after some steamy texting we’d set up a rendezvous. My mom’s words rang through my head, “Use your hand before you use a woman.” My mom firmly believed women got the short end of the stick in casual sex. 
     As we walk down to the lake together, Kamizaki pilot thoughts begin nose diving in my head. I’m not happy-go-lucky anymore, I’m not fun to be around, something’s permanently wrong with me, my life’s ruined. 
     Stop. I take a deep breathe. This is your familiar negative cycle. This isn’t true at all. You’re fun to be around, you make people laugh all the time, people like you. 
     I ask Emma questions and encourage her to talk, and she does, about her friends and family. We get to the lake and she asks me where to sit, I say I don’t care.
     “This is why we broke up, you’re so indecisive.” She remarks. It’s a predictable comment; I’d already considered she’d say something like that before I said anything. Ho-hum.
     “I broke up with you.” I shoot back.  
     We find a spot on the grass and she lays out a blanket.  
     Then she gets into what she really wants to talk about. The guys she’s been dating. My stomach plunges at every word but I’m a helpless truth addict so I try to pry out every terrible detail. The truth is better and more terrible than an orgasm.
     She is talking to three guys, but only dating one. One of the guys she’s talking to is in the army. The one she’s dating is a country boy, Don, from up north. Not the pastoral, fetishized country. The country he’s from is full of trailer parks, drugs, poverty and high school drop outs.
     “What college did he go to?” I smirk, but immediately regret this comment. What a terrible joke, not even clever at all, just bad taste. What happened to me? I used to be funny. Why did I do all those drugs as a child? 
     I watch the crowded stream of people walking around the lake. Truly happy people who’ve never been scarred by a panic attack. So many people…All with their own unique stories, thinking they’re special. Hundreds of nameless cockroaches crawling all over each other… How do you even make sense of 7 billion people? There's no ideology or creed that can make sense of 7 billions people. Life’s meaningless, where did the magic go? As I run through these thoughts I can feel the panic starting to creep on. My heart rate increases, my hand starts to lightly shake. The delirium claws at the seams of my consciousness. 
     I’m having a panic attack, I worriedly try to prepare myself for what’s about to come. 
     I’ve had too many panic attacks, I panic, I can’t handle anymore, my brain’s slowly disintegrating. The full-blown pit of frantic despairing thoughts begins to churn. This is it, I’m going to crazy in front of all these people. 
     I take a deep breathe. This is only a moment, Marco, it will pass. Fear can’t hurt you, it can’t grow arms. I reach out to start feeling the grass in order to take my mind off the world turning inside out. I feel the slick, sticky texture. I start searching for something that starts with an A, I see an ant crawling in the grass. Then I start searching for something starting with a B, across the park I see the baseball field, C…
     This isn’t normal, these symptoms are too strong. Your brain is diseased and permanently broken. It’s only a matter of time until you die, these panic attacks have already riddled your life away. 
     F… Flock of birds.  
     Emma tells me the country boy is some type of trade worker, cars.
     “He has a six pack,” She brags. Ouch, she knows how to hit me where it hurts. I work out but I have yet to get a solid six-pack–it’s absurdly hard.  
     I demand that she shows me a picture. She agrees excitedly. He actually sent her a picture of himself standing in front of a mirror with his shirt off. We both share a laugh at his expense. We both think it’s a trashy. Why is it trashy? I think. Who’s to say what’s trashy? More pings of madness pull apart the grass underneath me into an existential abyss. 
     G…Grey sweatshirt. 
     He has that stupid facial hair strip running from ear to ear over the bottom of his chin. Emma’s having fun making me jealous. She says he gets in fights a lot, a tough boy. She says he’s my complete opposite. I ask her what pictures she sent him back. She says she didn’t, she’s too afraid of it ending up on the internet. I don’t believe her. She says I’m taller than him to make me feel better. It does make me feel better. 
     “I’ve been talking too much. How are you?” 
     “You love talking.”
     She laughs, “I really do.”
     I look at her, sometimes she goes off on a tangent where she just talks and talks. It gets rambled and uninteresting but you can’t help but notice how happy she is just flowing, articulating one idea to the next. I remember when I was that that excited to just plain express myself about anything. 
     Marco, you still get excited expressing yourself and telling stories. Even when you were younger you didn’t get super excited to tell every story. And Emma doesn’t even get super excited to tell every story. That’s a biased thought. 
     I tell her how draining working 40 hours a week in a cubical is, how brain dead I am after. 
     “Well, you’ll be no fun in bed if you’re tired,” She whines. 
     “I’m always fun in bed.” 
     “How’s your book coming?”
     I pause and smile awkwardly, not sure what to say. “It’s going good.” 
     “So what happens after you finish? You and Oakley are just going to live happily ever after? And what happens to the rest of us? We’re just screwed?” She says bluntly, but smiling wildly. 
     “Something like that.” I laugh, turning my eyes uneasily off to the view. When I look at the blue sky a hundred black flecks begin flashing alarmingly in my vision. I’m going blind from staring at a screen, I think, my brain is full of holes from all the stress. Marco, it’s just an optical illusion, I counter. Lots of people see black specks when they look up to the sky. You were sure you were going blind a year ago, and your vision is fine. This is just how the anxiety works, it always needs something to focus on and channel itself.
     My eyes begins to wander to Emma’s bare legs. She’s wearing very short shorts. The worst of the storm is starting to pass, I feel better. They always pass, always.
     Emma’s texting someone while we’re talking, I ask who and she says “no one” which implies it’s some guy. This is why I can’t go back to her. I want a girl that can see two steps ahead and realize I can obviously see she’s purposefully wearing the necklace I bought her. If only she was better at hiding her love for me. I know that all she means to say is what I want to hear.
     “Your penis is bigger than Don’s too.” 
     “You’ve seen his penis?” I accuse agitatedly. 
     “Well I kind of felt it through his boxers.” What a hoe, I don’t believe her. She probably gave him a full fledge blow job.
     “We didn’t have sex,” She promises, “Just some stuff. Anyways it’s none of your business.”               
My stomach rolls over again. Everything is my business. My brother says you care less about a girl’s sexual history as you get older. I hope this is true because when I meet a girl I want to know everything about her, especially the sexual stuff. I don’t just want to know who she has slept with, I want to know what guys she has thought about sleeping with. I want to know exactly what she’s thinking about before she orgasms. 
     I take a deep breathe. It doesn’t have to be a mark of shame if a girls sexually experienced. I’m starting to like the idea of it. Sex is just a pleasurable sport, that’s all. Real relationships are based around so much more. Memories are nothing anyways, they’re gone so quick, and everything’s forgotten eventually.
     But that’s not what I’m thinking when I’m in the heat of the moment. I’m thinking about how I will forever own a piece of this girl’s soul. Memories are everything. They’re all we have.
     Don will forever have memories of Emma. I’m disgusted. Still focused on her bare legs though. It’s been a month since I’ve seen her and I’ve never seen more beautiful bare legs. So what if she hooked up with someone else? I broke her heart. What do I care about this guy? His penis is smaller than mine. Besides, after all the freaky things she said to me, can she just tell every guy that stuff?
     We go back to my apartment. She’s sitting on my bed. I try to kiss her, she resists. 
     “What’s up?”
     “Nothing, I just wish you were more aggressive.” 
     I pause. It’s true, I do a terrible job selling the dominant alpha male personality. A flaw yes, but it’s who I am. At the same time, I’m far from the shiest, most unselfish guy too, so I’m skeptical of the criticism. 
     “Don’s aggressive,” She says. Is this still about trying to make me jealous?
     I ask for an example and she tells me when he kissed her for the first time he just straight grabbed her and kissed her. I tell her I don’t believe it and then she admits he asked her friend first if she liked him before doing it. She moves on to her next piece of evidence, when they were making out on his bed he just pulled her thong off, out of nowhere. 
     Picturing him forcefully pulling off her panties makes my nerves turn inside out. In most porn guys dominate girls, getting off on the disrespect and power, saying things to the girls they would never say to another guy. Cumming on girls faces. I fantasize about getting my hands on these guys and dominating and disrespecting them. At the same time, I envy and admire them too. High on power, confident in their “might is right” beliefs. All my broken hearts and misunderstandings of women are channeled into the worst kind of anger towards those sluts. And it doesn’t matter if they’re sexually empowered or not, because I imagine they’re all desperate for money and naive. 
     I look at Emma, her chest and legs. I could definitely play the dominating role, the thought turns me on. Having power over her, complete control. I ask Emma if she wants to play a game, where she teaches me how to seduce a woman aggressively. 
     She smiles and says, “Oh fun.” Then we do our best job of pretending to be sexy, cool people from the movies. She moves my hands there and my lips here. But in a few minutes the game has dissolved into our usual amazing routine.
     Then it’s all gone. The spell is broken and I’m a different being. I think of my mom telling me that sex means a lot more to women than to men. That intimacy is the biggest turn on for women. I think about Randy West, an old pornstar that’s slept with 3,000 girls, saying casual sex is like borrowing somebodies body to masturbate with. The look in his eye as he laments over missing out on affection. I’m filled with shame and regret. Where do players find the heart? Jonsen pulls 6’s at the bars these days after he’s had his 8+ drinks. He looks them in the eye and extravagantly promises them he wants to marry them. He can’t even cum when he sleeps with them, he can barely perform, that’s the part I don’t understand. 
     Emma plays it cool after, it’s no big deal. I know that it’s an act and that she probably still thinks about me all the time. I know that when goes home and I don’t call her for a month it will hurt her as hard as she’s ever hurt. She probably Facebook stalks me and worships my every word. I need to let her go. 
     Chill, Marco, be kinder to yourself. You’ve been completely honest with her. She makes her decisions, it’s on her. Maybe she likes the challenge of trying to make me fall in love with her. She might get over you really quickly, you have no way to know. We’re hardly sluts anyways, more like prudes. I have urges, like a vampire, I can’t help it. I do the best I can. Life’s not this or that, it’s dialectical, it’s both. And f those pornos, great sex happens when it’s a girl’s choice, not when you make her. I toss and turn for an hour in the night before falling asleep.   

44. Mia Illy (Spring, 2013)
     I breathe deeply into a crisp breeze, holding it in for a tranquil second. It’s intoxicating. I can smell the trees. I keep breathing as I walk through E-Rock’s flaking gate, past the worn down porch love seat. I get to the pool and find ten people lounging around. I’ve known half of them since grade school. Rachel Goody’s wearing a pink tutu and neon leg warmers. Johnny Little’s in a bright multicolored cheetah leotard. He’s smoking a cigarette next to some guy with dreads to his maroon bellbottom corduroys. I don’t say “hi” to anyone. 
     They call themselves heady people. Eric’s dad rents out the neighboring house to Eric’s older brother and some of his friends. They’ve dubbed the house, “The compound.” It’s something like a druggie commune. 
     I don’t see Eric so I stroll over to the edge of the pool. The water’s faintly green with bunches of leaves floating around, algae stains cover the bottom. The ring of checkered tile is cracked and rusty. Most of the once lush bushes that frame the yard are brown and drying. Taking it in I get an overwhelming nasty feeling like I should be somewhere else in the world. A four season’s pool party in another life. 
     I breathe into the anxiety. That thought does you no good, Marco. In this moment I’m okay and thankful, and there’s only this moment. You came to see Eric, you love Eric. I’m thankful for every moment alive, I remind myself, every breath. I imagine all the billions of people living in poverty around the world that would kill to have the things I have. I imagine breathing out the negative feeling as I exhale, letting the hot anxiety in my neck float away like a balloon. When I inhale again, I imagine filling my body with fresh new energy. You’ve been doing so amazing lately, how long has it been since you’ve had a panic attack? Two months?      
     E-Rock finally appears, shirtless with pajama bottoms and an American flag bandana tied around his head. I can’t help but smile. Mia Illy’s standing next to him. Mia Illy, the anomaly, the exception to the rule. She’d made it to college and graduated. Handled all her shit while maintaining her unbelievably fast lifestyle.
     “You made it just in time Marco, we’re just about to start grilling.” 
     Illy just stares at me. She’s still got that bite in her eyes, accentuated by the cat eyeliner she’s been wearing since middle school. She hasn’t been broken yet, not like the others. Every time I interact with her I can’t tell if she hates me or likes me. That’s part of her awe. Does she still think I’m creepily into her, like in highschool? I flashback to a few awkward moments when I’d tried to innocently hit on her. “Hey Mia, take a picture with me?” “Uh, no.” 
     E-Rock and Illy’s eyes stand out amongst the smiles and stares, they’re wrecked. Their pupils are drowning in a sea of red. I walk over and hug them both, bare skin on bare skin. I hear the rumbling of a frail thought, you could be drugged. But it brings with it a rush of joy, knowing I beat this phobia years ago. 
     “Matty. You still got twenty on those burgers? We’re making a store run,” Eric yells to the group.
     “Ya, but Johnny owes me ten.”
     “For what?”
     “Those pills I fronted you last weekend.”
     “I smoked you out Thursday though.”
     While the heady people sort out who owes who I look Mia Illy over. She’s chubby. Not just her muffin top, her face. The tribal tattoo around her arm that I once thought was the tightest thing ever looks really stupid. Her skins badly sun damaged, her chest, arms and face are red, wrinkly and dried up like a prune. It’s funny, all the crazy drug binges, drunk driving without a seat belt, sleeping with 36 guys, and who knows what else, not washing her fruit, abortions. After all that, not wearing sunscreen ended up doing the most irreversible damage to her. God you’re so critical Marco, I lash out at myself. Something’s wrong with you. You’re just like your dad. Our whole hyper perfectionist, anxious bloodline is gonna be weeded out by natural selection. It has to stop with me. 
     Quit it, I argue back to myself. Being aware of criticizing people is a big step. Take pride in that. And don’t criticize yourself for being critical, be kind to yourself. Is there another way to look at this? Beauty’s subjective. Looks aren’t everything, everyone gets wrinkles eventually. Plus your dad isn’t even that critical anymore, he’s not even your old dad. 
     Eric leaves to go shopping and Mia sits by the pool, letting her legs slip into the water. I jog over to her, landing a big jump-step. Movement’s the key, to show them you’re loose and relaxed.   
     “Oh, you’re tight.” Mia stabs. I feel the sting of the burn. She’s still got it. Some shadow of an understanding that Oakley would never make such a social gaff flickers into my mind. I breathe into the malaise and imagine a wave of relaxation washing over my body like water.
     “Hey Mia, when you were younger did you ever think you were destined to be cool because your last name’s Illy?”
     “Bitch, I knew I was cool because my last name was Illy.” She sticks her elbow out and jerks her hand up and down like she’s rap battling to over emphasize her half-cocky persona. One of her genius mannerisms that makes Mia who she is. We both laugh. 
     “So where you living at now that you’re done with college?” I ask. 
     “Downtown. I bussed down here.” I give her a curious chin pull-up, unsure why she added the last bit of information.
     “Oh, you didn’t hear? I got a dewy a month ago.” 
     “Oh, what? What happened?”
     “I blacked out and crashed my Civic into three parked cars.” 
     We share a heavy pause. 
     “I’m lucky really, like when I think about all the stuff I’ve done..” It all reels by behind her eyes before she comes back with a perplexed expression. “Marco, I’m crazy, I’m like seriously crazy,” she says it with a fire, as if she needs me to validate her life, be a witness. I nod my head. I know. She knows I know. 
     “I’ve always been a fan of the bus anyways. Always. I used to ride the bus all the time.”
     “For sure. I like the bus.” I agree. “Well, you’re in the system now.” 
     “Ya. They’re making me start treatment. I gotta stop smoking pot soon.” 
     “Now that I’d like to see.” I laugh.
     “Don’t doubt it. I’ll do it. It won’t be hard.” 
     “You’ve smoked heavy your whole life.” 
     “Ya, but I’m over it. I like really am.” 
     I’ve heard so many of these empty sentiments before. But with Mia it’s different. She’s accomplished some extremely rare things. Her will power can’t be ignored. 
     “And drinking?”   
     “I’m still gonna drink on the weekends, but I’m never gonna drink again during the week.”
     “Why not just stop for a while. You’ve been drinking your whole life. What’s a year off?”  
     “I can’t breathe without alcohol, bitch.” She yells laughing. “Seriously, I don’t know how to have fun without it.” We both laugh at how seriously she says it. “But I’m not going to be like my parents. I swear, never. I don’t want my kids to see me be an alcoholic, drinking every night. I’m never drinking during the week again.”  
     One of the heady kids enters through the gate carrying an armful of junk with his head drooping. When he sees Mia and me he makes an effort to brighten up his body and comes towards us. Before he even says anything I can tell this must be Corky—the one the heady kids are worried about. They say he stays up for days straight in his room or “studio” burning money and making art that he hangs on clothes lines all over. 
     His white shirt is covered in splashes of paint and cut up with scissors all around the bottom. It’s not good when kids who buy crazy drugs over the internet that put each other in comas for days are worried about you.  
     “Hey you guys wanna come to my art show?” 
     “When is it?” I ask
     “Tomorrow at six. In my room. I’ve been working on it nonstop for weeks. Well it will never really be complete, cause there’s no such thing. Life’s one big art show, one big continuous movie. Do either of you have a cigarette by chance?” It all comes out in one manic burst. 
     I roll through the vague memories I have of seeing Corky around growing up. Was he two years older? I remember him being quieter, I certainly would’ve never guessed he had this in him. His cowlick’s still familiar, just bigger and much more oily and scraggly. The amateur psychologist in my perks up at his clear mental duress. 
     “Do you have any samples?” I ask.
     “My shirt’s a sample.” He pulls the shirt out wide by the bottom corners. 
      I imagine the same shirt hanging up in some designer boutique for 300 dollars. It’s possible. 
     “This shirts a piece of shit though. I wouldn’t sell it for anything, not a dime, not a piece of dirt, it’s worthless. I just got some more materials, here I’ll make you a sample. Real art’s spontaneous.” He gets on his knees and dumps out the items in his arms. Some tape cassettes and empty cd cases, more second-hand shirts, an egg carton and some beaded bracelets.
     He grabs one of the cd cases, Kanye West’s “My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.” Tossing aside the plastic case he pulls out the cover leaf-let and unfolds it. 
     “And they call this art.” He says in disgust, waving the unfolded leaf-let. 
     The cover’s a George Condo. A cartoony black man with a maniacal face having sex with a white demon. I hate to admit it, but it might be the coolest CD artwork I’ve ever seen. Although you could argue his style’s a more cartoony Francis Bacon. But I’m not trying to disagree with Corky. 
     Pulling a marker out of his pocket he puts the leaf-let on the ground and goes to work on his hands and knees. 
     “You think the rich have discovered some way of prolonging their lives?” He asks. “What if Mark Zuckerberg lives to be five hundred? They’ve probably already discovered it, there’s probably some people that are hundreds of years old. Did you know the Egyptians discovered electricity? That’s what the Pyramids really are, they’re generators. They’d pour chemicals down shafts from the top. That’s why the pitch-black halls don’t have any torch holders. They used the electricity to power tools, how else were the carvings cut so precise and smooth?” 
     Corky’s complete inability to pick up on the deterring scowl of discomfort and annoyance on my face is fascinating.
     All five of my minds begin racing. We’re all as ambitious as Ozymandias. We all can’t paint on the cave walls. I steer my thoughts back to the present. Focus, be mindful. Right now isn’t the time to philosophize. Pay attention to the present moment. The present is all there is. I begin feeling the hairs on my legs with my hand, focusing my vision on Corky’s moving lips. 
     “And they just discovered batteries in Baghdad that are as old as the pyramids.” Corky gets up and hands me the leaf-lit. “Now this…This’ worth hundreds.”
     He’s drawn big bold letters over all the pictures and lyrics: “THIS IS A WARNING.” 
     “I gotta go get ready, remember, tomorrow night.” He gathers his things and starts to leave before turning back once again. “Seriously it’s gonna be awesome, I’m gonna knock on the cute girls door down the street and invite them. Everyone’s going.”
     “I’ll try and make it,” I lie compassionately.     
     After Corky leaves I turn to Mia. “You should write a book Mia, about the… What did they used to call you guys?” 
     “The musketeers.” She says. Why can’t I remember that? I smoked myself dumb. You’re not dumb, Marco, people forget stuff. Just yesterday you remembered the name of that song when no one else could. You’re really smart. Relying on the internet has probably made your memory lazier than anything else. Plus, the brain is constantly producing new brain cells, even into your 90’s. Oo, that’s a good one. 
     Feeling like I just solved a puzzle I subtly reach my hand over my shoulder and lightly pat myself on the neck. Good job. I imagine striking a big blow to the cranky gremlin living in my brain. I imagine a white knight cutting off his head. I imagine him getting smaller and smaller. 
     “Ya. God, could you imagine how great that’d be?” 
     She laughs, “I don’t remember any of it.” That’s what I keep hearing over and over again. I’m tired of hearing it, the exact same thing. From all the legends. She says it with the same stunned vacant look they all say it with. 
     “We used to get so drunk and go to assemblies, it was so wild...” She begins, and then pauses in thought. “..I just don’t remember any of it. We didn’t even take enough pictures.” I imagine if Mia had kept a diary, how much it would be worth.
     “Do you have any regrets?” I ask her, old soul to old soul. 
     “I don’t regret shit,” She snaps. Just when you think she’s deep down really sweet, Mia’s sour scowl burns you. You can see the gears in her mind working. Something about me bugs her. What ground does she have to judge me on? Her skin’s disgusting. Would I still hit it? I ask myself. She’s definitely kinda chubby, but I mean it’s Mia Illy, what an epic spirit. No, I couldn’t even hit anymore. She probably still thinks I like her. That I’m hitting on her. Why am I still so nervous around her? 
     “I regret like some nights,” Mia says after staring away from me for a while. “Like some nights, I’d get home at 4 in the morning after doing an eight ball or whatever. And just stay up all night, in my bed, tweaking out.” The frustration creeps across her face as she can’t get it out quite right. “Like my parents knew what I was doing. But what were they gonna do? They’d tell me, ‘We know that you’re partying Mia, but what can we tell you? You get better grades than we ever got.’”   
     Her words tug at my own pain. Tapping into my own nights spent up all night high in bed, on all kinds of different drugs, by myself. I look around E-Rock’s deteriorating house. It used to be paradise. One of the greatest hits from my childhood begins playing on the stereo. “If you wanna go and get high with me, smoke an L in the back of the benz-y.” The kick snare over the sample calls out something inside me. The exhilaration of playing hide and go seek in an empty school while my mom was in a parent teacher conference. Struggling to stay standing in some circle of older kids while triumphantly hugging a shiny forty. My nostalgia’s all messed up, I conclude. My past is broken, I’m broken.  
     I breathe into it. Some of the best moments in your life are still to come, Marco. 
     I look over at E-Rock across the pool, shirtless in his pajama bottoms. Eric can approach a group of 20 total strangers and fearlessly befriend them, I remind myself. He can dance. He can jump out of a plane. He still has like 60 friends that adore him, way, way, way more than most people. The last time we hung out we had a great time. His friendship’s still valuable and even without him I have 5 best friends that are great, have career opportunities. Plus, I can make new friends, I’m very friendly. And even if I never make another friend again I made more in high school than most make in their whole lives. I start to feel better.
     “What’s Kate up to?” I ask Mia. Kate is Mia’s bff for life. You could write a whole other three books on Kate’s life. 
     “We’re not friends anymore.” The way she says it, it’s cold enough that I don’t ever expect them to be friends again. Mia’s different from me. 
     I’m shocked. “Didn’t you guys just travel across South America together?” 
     “I found out she’s been talking mad shit to everyone about me behind my back.” 
     “Why?”
     “Cause that’s all she does. Like honestly, when I think back on it. All we did during our ten year friendship was talk shit about other people. Like 80% of the time, that’s all we did. I’ve never met someone who spent so much time criticizing other people. She’s just a mean person. I don’t know anyone more into status.”
    I’m enjoying the gossip. Picturing Kate scowling at me with her nose in the air the last time I tried to talk to her.  
     “Like this one night a few months ago,” Mia continues. “She slept with this guy at the compound. Dude wasn’t even cute, he was just some ugly random. And they stayed up all night doing molly together. After that she went on a molly binge for like two weeks. It was crazy.” 
     Listening to Mia, tingles of pure euphoric joy start crawling up my back. It’s been happening a lot lately. It first came a few months ago, towards the end of one of my mediations in the woods. Out of nowhere, euphoric emotion began bubbling and exploding up my back. It was so powerful it overwhelmed me to tears. A few days later it came again while I was walking around Greenlake, then again at the soup kitchen. Now it’s been happening almost every day, at the end of dorky emotional T.V. shows and commercials, it happens a lot when I listen to music, workout and read. Usually after meditation. Sometimes randomly.   
     “I think she’s back on oxy…” Mia continues.     
     The tingle is bubbling over into euphoric rushes pulsing through my whole body. All my nerves shiver with pleasure. It feels like I’m close to god. I want this feeling to last forever. I’m addicted, I can’t get enough. I take another deep breathe of the fresh air, it intensifies the feeling. I have to hold back my tears it feels so amazing. I feel like I just did a 10 day meditation. I can feel my body healing, my bodies producing feel good stuff again. I’ve been so calm lately, so engaged. My wit has been getting better, jokes and punch lines have been popping into my head quicker.
     Life’s an acquired taste, enjoy the good sensations for what they are, brief powerful moments, and the rest of the time keep focusing on the present moment until you fall into a groove. Steer your little row boat against an ocean of sensations and impulses. Keep spitting out all the seeds.  
     Just when I think the tingles can’t get any stronger a positive thought causes them to explode for a few heavenly seconds. I feel really good, I think. Without a doubt, I positively feel amazing. 

45. It’s Art, Get Off Me
     I know writing this won’t get me Oakley. Even if… Well, no. I have to radically accept that. You don’t have to put off your happiness until you accomplish some great magical dream. 
     But there’s a conciliation prize–she’ll read this. When someone writes a book about you, chances are you read it. And these sentences will bring a smile to her face, a scowl. As she busily combs through my words some will find permanent homes in her rich mind. And it won’t bring me enough satisfaction for a lifetime, but for a quarter of a lifetime, it helps.
     Besides, this is only a prequel to a classic, to Oakley’s book. Now that’s a book I’d read. All her important life moments, her thoughts, her beliefs, her anxieties. Her favorite trends, her beauty routine. Her stories are 50000 times better than mine. You can’t learn how to be great from me, but from her, you might learn something. I’d buy the first copy.

46. “Driftwood Annie,” published by Puget Soundings magazine in May 1969. Junior League of Seattle Creative Writing Contest, First Prize. Author, Barbara Caldirola. Age 18. 

     The cross-state highway runs taut as a clothes-line from Western State College inland towards Helm Lake. I usually can drive it in four hours without turning the wheel, but this clear December morning I find myself taking the first exit and doubling back towards the coast. I’ve had the feeling since Wednesday. It draws me now, as I skate the car over the back gravel roads and through the evergreens, until, finally, from the top of the last hill, I sight the town. It lies, as always, an irregular stepping-stone between the great green forests and the vast grey ocean. The glass, A-framed summer homes are unfamiliar to me, but the white-washed colonials in the center of town seem peacefully the same. And as I drive down the two tiny blocks called Main Street, I feel the same chills through my stomach that I had felt the first day we came to this town.

     I was eleven then, with long, pale blond hair and the innocence of an only child who has spent all of the few years of her life moving from one big-city apartment to another. I remember swallowing hard to keep my stomach down as we drove into town, and sitting high as I could between my parents to make sure that my eyes missed nothing. It was an evening in early summer, and the last clear, glowing light of the sun lay on the rooftops, waiting to be caught by the shadows from the street. People were closing the tiny shops along Main, all except for the empty mahogany-and-glass one tacked onto the last corner. 
     “There’s my shop,” Dad said as we turned the corner. “Nelson’s Realty—for Oceanside Park. The first realty in these parts, would you believe.” 

     Our new brick home lay on the edge of town, with only a gravel road and marsh between it and the ocean. That first night, as I stood on a packing-box and stared out my window, I fell in love with the quiet ocean. I also saw some kids on the next block. Excitedly, I buckled on my new skates, and skated up the street towards them, showing-off as best I could. They stared at me for one long, lonesome minute, and then they all stood up and went inside a house. Only the oldest boy turned back, “Get out of here, ya dumb city-sissy,” he taunted. “We don’t want you.”

     I pulled off my skates and walked aimlessly, until an eight-year-old with buck teeth rode up on his trainer-bike and stopped next to me. 
     “I’m Jeff,” he said. “You’re pretty.”
     “Get out of here.” I kicked his bike. “I don’t want you.”
     “Hey, don’t do that.” 
     “Why not?” I said, and kicked it harder, until he almost fell off.
     “Because if you do, I’ll tell Driftwood Annie, and she’ll get you.”
     “You’ll tell who?”
     “She’s the crazy lady that lives in the marsh.”
     “Show her to me.” It sounded as good as a T.V. show.
     “Well, I’m supposed to go in now–”
     “So am I. C’mon, show me, and I’ll never kick your bike again.” My blond hair must have fascinated Jeff because he agreed.
     “O.K.,” he said, pushing his teeth in with his fingers. “I’ll show you her house, but that’s all.” 

     The house was on the same side of town as ours only much farther up, where the beach widened and stretched for miles. We left our skates and bike at the edge of the marsh and trudged cautiously up to the shack. It was small, square, and dirty-grey, except for the remnants of green paints and the white droppings of seagulls. The stone foundation rose above the marsh, so that a makeshift ramps had been laid up to reach the door.
     “I’m going to knock.” I whispered. 
     “No, she’s probably not in.” Jeff was nervous. “We better get home, anyway. It’s almost dark.” Suddenly a light came on and someone called, “Who’s out there?” Jeff ran for his bike and the safety of home, but I waited, then climbed the ramp, and knocked. She came to the door and invited me in, but I stood mute, half sliding back on the ramp. Her eyes overwhelmed me. My years of watching grown-up parties alone from my bedroom had taught me to recognize the pouched eyes of an alcoholic. She had those eyes, but she rolled and widened them magnificently. 
     “Well, do you want somethin’, kiddo?”
     “Uh-uh. I mean I just wanted…”
     “What?” She leaned out a little farther. 
     “N-nothing,” I said, terrified, and turned and raced for home. 

     The next morning I started out again for her house. 
     “You’re crazy,” Jeff said as he caught up with me. But I only laughed. I couldn’t explain to myself, let alone to him, the fact that other children frightened me more than any adult ever could. Jeff left me at the marsh, and I squished across it until I found her on the other side of the house. 
     “Well, hello, kiddo.” In the daylight, she looked very small and thin. She wore a dirty, tight sweater and a too-long skirt with a pair of pink high-heeled slippers. The veins stood out from her pudgy feet and the toes showed—all painted bright red. She smiled pleasantly enough, but her strange eyes still fascinate me. 
     “You’re the new one in town, huh?”
     “Uh, uh.”
     “Well, my name’s Annie. What’s yours?”
     “Renee.”
     “Well, if that don’t sound like a movie star’s. I don’t know what does. Oh you’re lucky, honey. I mean what can you do with a name like Annie?” She walked ahead into the sand and stopped to kick off her slippers. “Renee…yes, I like that. Well, are you coming? I go down here each morning, you see, to see who’s come up during the night. I’m still looking for Marla, dear thing. Hasn’t come to rest yet though.” We were quite far up the beach now. Driftwood covered the sand, so that it was difficult to walk, and I followed Annie as she carefully climbed over it. Every now and then, she would examine a piece or turn one over. Bored after ten minutes, I picked up a long white piece and threw it as far as I could.
     “Renee.” She turned around, her eyes wide and terrible. “You go and get that, y’hear. Are you mad?” I ran as fast as I could to pick it up, and she came after me.
     “You must never, ever do that again, d’y’hear? You just never know who . . . why, Renee, let me see that.” She grabbed the stick and examined it. “Marla. Why it’s Marla honey. And after all these years, why–.” She hugged me and the driftwood together. “Renee, you are a blessing, you certainly are.”
     Frightened, I started crying and tried to pull away. “Let go of me. I wanna go home.”
     “No, you can’t, Renee,” she said pulling me down on the sand beside her. “You’ve just gotta listen here. You’ve just gotta understand.” Through my tears, her awesome eyes seemed almost soft and pleading as a kitten’s. “You see, when people die, they don’t just die forever. No, they come back. I mean, not as people again, but something different, like a tree or something. Now, c’mon, Renee, I’m gonna show you something.”

     Frantically, she dragged me over the sand behind her, until we stood high on a mound near the edge of the marsh. “Now look out there. See all that driftwood.” She pointed out proudly.    
     “But, you know, when I first came here, there was hardly a piece on the beach. And since I’ve come—look at it all, Renee, look at it all.” She turned on me again. “There’s just gotta be a reason. It’s the dead, Renee. They come here because they know. They just know there’s someone here to look after them.” She took my hand, gently this time, and laid Maria carefully on the beach. We turned and walked slowly back to the house. “Oh, you probably think I’m crazy like the rest of them.”
     “No, I don’t, Annie.” She squeezed my hand.
     “Well, there’s one more thing to show you.” About ten yards from the house, growing peculiarly in the marsh, stood a giant pussywillow tree. “You see this tree?” She walked over and patted it. “This is my husband, Len. He was an old fool, but wouldn’t you know, he came back close to me.” She laughed. We went in the house then, which was filled with old clothes, furniture, and magazines. Annie chattered constantly as she offered me some old crackers and poured a drink for herself. We sat down and she pulled out an old magazine. 
     “Lookit here, Renee. There’s an actress in there that looks exactly like you.”
     “Really?” I crossed over and sat on the arm of her chair.
     “Mm-hmm. And don’t she though. You’re gonna be a smasher, kiddo, with your hair and all.” She turned another page. “Oh, lookey here, it’s a Voluptia Brazziere and Girdle. Now wouldn’t that do something for me.”
     “Well, I think you look like the lady who’s wearing it.” I laughed.
     “Now, you’re some kidder.” She started to pour another drink, then changed her mind. “Nope, I guess I better save some of this for Stew. He’s coming tonight.”
     “Who’s he?” I asked.
     “Oh, Stew, he’s a wild one. But he keeps me from being lonely since Len died.”
     “Annie, what’s in the big peanut-butter jar?”
     “Well, that’s all my sea things. You know, I just pick ‘em up. Bring it here, and I’ll show you all…”

     Eleven, twelve, thirteen…the years rolled in and out with the tide. Annie became my close friend; and except for little Jeff and sometimes Stew, she was my only friend. I did my homework at her house and together we read stories, collected sea things, and watched over the driftwood. I asked my dad about the driftwood, and he said it wasn’t true—that when we die we go to heaven, but I never let on to Annie that I didn’t believe her. Dad’s Oceanside Park grew and in the summer the town was filled with all sorts of interesting people. I never made friends with the kids my age, though. They didn’t make fun of me; they just ignored me. Eighth grade came and I watched the girls put on lipstick, teach each other to dance, and even go to movies with boys.

     Then, one day, as I sat in the lavatory stall, I heard three of the girls talking while they combed their hair.
     “She’s so weird.”
     “Well, of course. She spends all her time with that crazy lady.”
     “She must be crazy herself. I even saw her collecting some of that old driftwood.”
     “You know, she’s not bad-looking, but…I don’t know—weird, that’s all.” They left, and I finally came out, too numb to cry.
     That night, Annie had been drinking quite a bit by the time I got to her house. Stew had left for good, the week before, and it seemed like she hadn’t put the bottle down since. That made me even sulkier and I kept my head bent over my books, scarcely saying a word.
     “Well, kiddo, what’s the matter?” 
     “Nothin’, Annie.”
     “C’mon, tell me. You’ve never been this sulky. Is it, those kids?” 
     “No—well…”
     “C’mon, I know it is. You just tell me what they said.”
     Slowly I lifted my head. Ashamed and angry, my words were too hard and too loud. “They said…they said I must be crazy to be friends with a crazy old lady like you.” My head fell back on my books, and I cried until my eyes puffed almost shut. After a long slow time, Annie walked over and put her arms around me. 
     “You know something, my movie star. They’re probably right. They’re probably right, you know. Yes, they…” She walked to the tiny window and looked hard at the night. Frantically I ran and threw myself around her, sobbing.
     “No, they didn’t say that, Annie, they really didn’t.”
     “I’ve watched over that pussywillow tree for too long a time, I guess,” she said quietly. Then she turned and lifted me up, pushing me towards the door. “Now, listen here, Renee. You go home and show ’em. For me, d’y’hear? You go home and show all them kids for me.” 
     “Uh huh, Annie.” Still crying, I stumbled down the ramp and hurried home.

     The next day, after school, I walked up her little ramp again, but the house was empty. The jar of sea things was waiting in the center of the table, and I cried for weeks with the whelping loneliness of a lost puppy, but I never saw Annie again. The next summer, Dad sold the last lot in Oceanside Park, so we moved out to Helm Lake, because there was a sudden fad for lake homes.   

     Four years have passed now, and I’m a freshmen out here at Western. It’s Christmas vacation and I’m on my way home. But we get the city papers up at school, and just last week, I read where a car hit a drunk woman crossing the street. She died at the hospital, but all they could get from her was that her name was Annie Layman and she came from a town on the coast. 

     So I’m driving back down Main Street now, looking for I don’t know what. I leave my car at the edge of the marsh and trample over to the house. The tree on the side is still sturdy, but the door is gone now, and most of the things are, too. Some little girls must have found a new playhouse, for a tea table is set up with dolls around it, and a coloring book lies on the floor. I wander out of the house and up the beach. The summer homes are boarded up and the sea sweeps in rather peacefully. I watch the sea for a long time. And then I find myself looking up at the miles of driftwood and wondering which is Annie. 






