Escape
By Debbie Civil
Edited by Riva Davis
RivaDavis89@yahoo.com

Copyright 2014 by Debbie Civil
Smashwords Edition

 
Dedication:

To God, My parents, Family, and Friends, Thank You!!!

Chapter 1

“I need junk food, bad!” is the only thought that comes to mind. Grandmother Betty, whom I nicknamed the Grinch, has been here all of five minutes, and I can’t wait until she leaves.
“Chelsea, are you going to finish that?” she snaps. Her large gray eyes are giving the Pop-Tart on my plate a death glare. What is her deal? Grandmother has a bowl of prunes in front of her. Does she think I should eat a breakfast that would most likely give me the runs? I wouldn’t go near her choice of breakfast if she paid me. Because of her, the strong aroma of black coffee fills the stale kitchen air. Can’t she eat or drink anything that doesn’t make me want to gag?  
“Yes Grandmother,” is the constant refrain to any conversation that we have. It’s a minor victory that the woman hates the endearment.  And let’s just say that I rarely call her grandma.
“Your mother really needs to be cautious about what you eat. You could get diabetes like your cousin Rain. You don’t want to end up like her, do you?” Grandmother scowls and jabs a finger at the refrigerator as if saying that she’s seen the contents and I’m half way there.  Her statement is screwed up for multiple reasons. Number one, Rain has been diabetic since she was five. Number 2, she didn’t get the disease because she ate too much junk food. Her parents have always been health nuts. Looking at the half eaten Pop-Tart makes me lose my appetite. When I’m uncomfortable I don’t eat much.
“You better wear something decent for your first day of school. The bitter old woman says as she sips her coffee. She's using the “Best dad in the World” mug my brother Tiller gave dad a few years ago. It takes everything in me not to snatch the mug out of her hands. Her comment about wearing something decent on my first day of senior year really annoys me. Her definition of “something decent” is a Versace ensemble. Unlike her, we aren't rich so I could never afford the clothes my cousins wear. Being a part of the lower middle   class doesn't bother me. But Grandmother acts as though she is better than us because she has a bank full of millions. And this is what I hate most about the woman.  
“Yes grandmother,” I say.
“Do you think you’re going to prom this year?” What an insensitive question. She doesn’t know how this question affects me. How could she? On the night of junior prom, Grandmother Betty was in the Bahamas. By the time she returned, I had long since been released from the hospital.
“No,” is the only response she deserves.
“Tia is going to prom this year. One of my friends is an up and coming designer and offered to make her dress,” Grandmother brags. The pang in my stomach is so sharp, it causes me to wince. Of course, Tia is the granddaughter that she spoils rotten. It’s all for the best, because I’m not going to another prom.
“How nice,” I say as I bite into the strawberry Pop-Tart that doesn’t taste so good anymore.
“I know dear, isn’t it?” she brags about how beautiful Tia is and how much she has accomplished. The spiteful old woman doesn’t notice that she’s being tuned out. My eyes slide over the scratched up counter tops and the purple wall paper. The linoleum floor has its nicks and is warn in a few places. To me, the kitchen looks like home. There have been many days when I’ve gotten home from school and vented to mom while baking a batch of chocolate chip cookies. It hurts to think that my grandmother is looking down on our family. She probably doesn't even know the definition of love.
“Do you mind dear?’ she asks.
“Not at all grandmother,” I reply, not really paying any attention to her.
“Well now that will be fantastic. Spending a bit of time with me will refine you,” the woman assumes. Who does she think she is? She may have millions, but she isn't the Queen of England. Money doesn’t equal class. The anger takes hold of me until I hear footsteps descending the stairs. The day gets worse as my mother walks in. She has a large smile on her face, until she spots our unwelcome guest.
“Mrs. Philips,” Mom greets in a sour tone. My grandmother has never accepted my mother as family, so Mom is forced to call her Mrs. Philips.
“I told him I was coming today. Where is he?” Mom frowns at her question.
“He’s at work,” she answers reluctantly. I clench my fists, knowing what's going to happen. “Oh I forgot. Ian has toilets to clean,” the Grinch snarls, an evil smile stretching across her wrinkled face. I've officially had enough. I stand, gesture for Mom to finish my Pop-Tart, and run up the creaky stairs to my cluttered room. It doesn't take long to slip into a pair of sweats, a baggy shirt, and white sneakers. I pull back my caramel- colored hair into a sloppy ponytail and jog down the stairs.
“I’m going for a run,” I shout over my shoulder before leaving the house.
The morning is cool and foggy. It must have just rained because the grass is wet. Something is suddenly nagging at me. A voice tells me that leaving is letting her win. Mom shouldn’t have to deal with the insufferable Grinch all by herself.     But, it doesn’t matter. Grandmother has aggravated me to the point of insanity. SO I sprint down the sidewalk and continuously take deep cleansing breaths. For the whole run to the grocery store, everything about my life is forgotten.
O'Malley's grocery store resides in a massive brick building. It's the largest store in town. I work there four days a week. As I walk through the revolving door, I almost hope Mickey, the manager, wont' notice me. He always wants to put me to work, even on my days off. The store has two floors. The first floor contains everything that a grocery store is supposed to have. The second floor is filled with baking supplies, mixes, and other cookware, along with a few offices.  Usually, I have no purpose in going to the second floor. Today I might bake brownies. Grandmother pissed me off that much. I grab a cart and aim directly for the snack aisle. I snatch up bags of Cheetos, Sour Cream and Onion, and Baked Lays Potato Chips. As I turn into the candy aisle, I hear a chuckle behind me.
“You must be really upset,” he comments, and panic immediately floods through me. My throat tightens as I spin around slowly, and there he is.  Adam Smith is gorgeous with long, thick blonde, hair that touches the tops of his shoulders. His baby blue eyes scan me up and down as if trying to figure out what I'm wearing underneath. Unwelcome yearning fills me as we continue to stare at one another. For an instant, it's easy to forget what happened. His lips are so close. The scent of his cologne is filling my nose. I miss him. The realization makes my resolve build. Adams Smith doesn't deserve to be missed. Not after what he put me through.  
“Go away!” I squeak. My throat is closing up and those are the only words I can manage. Images of the bathroom, blood, and broken glass momentarily flashes through my mind.  
“Fine. But eventually, we'll have to talk.” Adam warns before turning away and leaving the aisle. So he wants to talk? The sting of the scar marring my left wrist tells me I will never talk to that boy. As soon as Adam leaves, I hate myself for showing weakness in front of him. Adam can't know he has this effect on me.
I decide to bake brownies, cupcakes, and cookies. Running into Adam only made me feel worse.  I pay for my gain and hurry toward the exit. The only thing I'm worried about is running into Adam again. So I distractedly make my way home. Elmview is a moderate- sized town with a little over twenty thousand people in residence. It is a working class town without mansions or extravagant townhouses. Our most impressive building is the beautiful Catholic Church near the grocery store. The two story building is painted white with stain glass windows and has huge white pillars, a well-kept lawn, and granite steps. Sometimes, I stare at the church, in awe of its beauty. Today, I merely jog pass it, determined to get home before I break down. As I'm rushing along a street two blocks away from home, I run face first into a hard, muscled chest. The impact sends shock waves through me and for a moment, I forget that I’m holding grocery bags. The items plummet to the ground. After hearing the sound of my food hitting the pavement, I immediately snap out of it. Stepping back from the human tank, my brain tries to come up with a way to apologize to him.
“You should watch where you're going, “he growls. His anger shocks me since he couldn't have suffered any damage from the blow.
“Sorry,” I say, trying to diffuse the situation. My eyes wander around the street, not liking that most of the driveways are empty. If he gets out of hand, there might not be people that would be coming to my rescue. The realization has barely formed when the man searches me up and down, as if looking for something. My pulse races when his eyes zero in on the bulge in my pocket. He wants to rob me. His hand shoots out and yanks on the pocket holding my phone. I instinctively dig my fingernails into his wrist. He glares at me and punches me in the face. His blow sends me crashing to the ground; landing in an awkward angle. The tearing of my pants pocket confirms that he's gotten his bounty. Blood runs down my face and into my open mouth. Before I can stop the blow, the man kicks me in my ribs. For a moment, I am seeing stars. When the world becomes clear again, rage turns his eyes black. Knowing he isn't going to relent on the assault, I scream. He curses and kicks me again. He's trying to beat me into unconsciousness. That isn't going to happen. I dodge his next kick, the pavement grazing my exposed skin. Everything will hurt later. The adrenaline coursing through my body numbs the pain for now. He isn't getting away with my iPhone, not after I spent so much time working to afford it. I'm able to make my way to my feet. When I'm standing as steady as I can, I want to applaud myself. The man lunges for me again and my fist collides with his chest. He shoves me and my head strikes something hard when I land in someone's wet front lawn. When the stars disappear, I sit up to feel warm liquid dripping down my back. I'm weak and dizzy, but still manage to stand. The man lunges for me again, and suddenly yelps in pain. I'm gaping in surprise at the girl, probably four inches shorter than me; who sprays whipped cream in the monster's eyes, then knees him. He collapses to the ground and I gape at her. The monster falls flat on his back. He releases my Iphone to cup his junk.  So I grab it and slip it into my right pocket.
“Are you all right?” she shouts as she kicks him in the face repeatedly. She seems comfortable beating on the man, which makes me think this isn't the first time he has tried to rob someone. Or the first time this girl has gotten into a fight. I contemplate how I could help. Maybe I could call the cops. I walk about fifty feet away from the brawling pair and stop near a bush by someone's front yard. It takes three tries for my trembling fingers to dial.
“911, what's your emergency?” The bear of a man gets to his feet and   lunges for the girl. She darts to the side, His dark eyes are now on me. I'm paralyzed with fear so strong, I can't speak. He apparently doesn't like being smacked around by a girl. As the short girl is retreating, she trips on one of the grocery bags. The monster stomps on her shoulder, causing her to screech. I've got to help her. I look around the various houses, which doesn’t provide many options. I notice an old lady on her porch, staring at the scene in horror.
“You stop that,” she shrieks, but the buff man doesn't care. Instead, he winds up his foot for another kick, but the blow never lands. I hurl a rock the size of a toddler's fist at the side of his head. Blood flows down his forehead. The girl quickly stands, looking to grab the rock that landed by her. The man punches her in the jaw and she crumples to the ground again. The man is aggravated now. He steps over the girl and runs toward his main target, which is me. I don’t even have the time or energy to run.  His beefy hands wrap around my neck and just like that, I’m held in a choke hold. When I am about to black out, my attacker suddenly releases my throat. I hear a loud grunt, then a thud. It takes me a few moments to open my eyes. When I do, I see the mountain of a man sprawled on the ground.  Standing over him is a vision of beauty. His dark eyes miss nothing. His coal black curly hair is damp and he is shirtless. My guess is he has just taken a shower because his hair is damp.
“Are you all right Lilly?” he shouts. For a moment, I look at him, confused.  My name isn't Lilly.  Then I remember the short girl who came to my rescue.
“Sore, but I'm ok,” she answers as she slowly makes her way over to us. She smiles wide at the hunk and turns to me.
“How are you feeling, Chelsea, are you ok?” It sickens me that she knows my name, especially since I don't remember seeing her before this incident. I allow the bitter anger to disperse.
“I don't think so,” I respond as my body grows heavy. Now there is a constant pain in my side that demands attention. Breathing hurts and it feels as though I've been tossed out of a twenty story building. Before either of us can say a word, the sounds of sirens penetrate the silence. The half-naked guy looks agitated and Lilly breathes a sigh of relief.
Everything is a blur after that. I'm rushed into an ambulance where a police officer takes my account of what happened. He assures me that I'm safe and asks who my parents are. The thought of the police calling them makes me nervous. Grandmother will blame the entire thing on Dad. If he hadn't married Mom, he wouldn't have been disinherited. Then I would have been born to a mother she approved of. Then... trying to finish this train of thought just makes me tired. I'm too uncomfortable on the stiff stretcher and the neck brace to even think of unpleasant thoughts. So I allow my throbbing head to clear as I fall asleep.
“Chelsea dear, why did you leave the house wearing that?” Grandmother asks as she holds up my grass- stained sweat pants. I'm in a private room, courtesy of the Grinch. She insisted if she were to visit me, she wasn't about to have strangers listening to our conversations. Her excuse is weak at best. On some level, the woman cares for me. Her eyes are red rimmed and the hand holding up my pants is unsteady. 
 “I don't know,” I reply sluggishly. It has been six hours since the attack. I'm stitched up and tired from the pain killers that the nurse gave me. It's a wonder that I'm even awake at all.
“Next time, be sure to dress in proper attire. You don't know who might see you,” she continues to lecture. Thankfully, the lecture is cut short by s soft knock on the door. The old woman stares at the door as if it’s a viper, but I call “come in.” Moments later, the beautiful stranger that clocked my attacker strides in holding flowers, a balloon, and a huge Teddy bear. He looks as though today had been the longest day of his life. Grandmother mutters something about needing a cup of coffee and exits with my clothes in her possession. She leaves the door ajar.
“Chelsea,” he says shooting me a relieved smile. “I’m so sorry I couldn't come sooner.” He places the gifts on the table beside my bed and I thank him.  “I wasn't sure what you would have wanted, since I don't know you that well yet,” he admits. That brings a smile to my face.
“What's your name?” I ask, He looks embarrassed for a moment before recovering.
“Peter. Peter Jacobs.” I smile at him and say, “I see that you've found your shirt”. Peter chuckles.
“I was getting dressed when I heard my grandmother yelling. I grabbed my shoes and ran out to help. I didn't think a shirt was important,” he reasons. I giggle as an image of Peter's beautiful tan skin and sculpted muscles enters my mind. My visitor has the good grace not to comment on my giggles.   
“Well I'm glad you came on time. I think the jerk would have killed me,” I say. Judging by the look on Peter's face, he feels the same.
“I’m sorry about what happened. It's a shame that someone was so desperate for money, they would stoop so low.”  It feels really good to see someone angry on my behalf. Mom was crying, Grandmother kept insulting me, and like usual, Dad was MIA. But the look in Peter’s dark eyes tells me that he would avenge me if he could. My heart is a little bit lighter because of that.
“It’s a good thing the police came when they did,” I say, feeling glad that the criminal is in police custody.
“I’m glad you're all right,” Peter says before eying the door, as if he'd like to escape. It dawns on me that the beautiful guy in front of me is uncomfortable. He doesn't know what else to say. I'm not going to keep him here, and make things awkward. I'm about to tell him I'm tired, when the door bursts open. Adam rushes in holding a family-sized bag of Smart Food Pop Corn, my favorite snack. Peter takes this as his cue and leaves without saying goodbye. Adam closes the door behind him before sitting in the chair by the bed. His gentle hand traces my forehead and I shudder.
“Go away,”” comes my weak protest.
“Chelsea, you can't stay mad at me forever,” he softly argues. Adam is wrong. If anyone has the talent of holding grudges, it's me.
“Go away,” I plead, as he brushes his lips against my forehead.
“Chelsea baby, you love me. You can’t keep on doing this. I'm sorry”. He's right. I do love him.  In fact, there's nothing more I want to do than run my fingers through his hair. But then, I remember. Adam kissing Ivy Miller, her legs wrapped around his waist and the hot anger and betrayal. A bag of Smart Food isn't enough for me to forgive him.
“I'm sorry Adam, I can't,” I whimper, Adam doesn't relent. His kisses become more insistent. His lips travel down my forehead, land on the tip of my nose and his lips brush against mine for an instant. I want to give in, but there is a clearing of a throat and Adam straightens in his seat.
“Who is this, Chelsea Rose?” Grandmother demands. I squirm, but Adam, not knowing her, smiles.
“I’m Adam Smith,” he announces.
“I wasn't aware Chelsea had a boyfriend,” she snaps.
“I don't. He was just leaving,” I blurt out. But Grandmother is on a rampage. She walks over to the table beside the bed, picks up the bag of Smart Food, and looks at Adam.
 “You come to the hospital to visit my granddaughter and bring her a bag of popcorn?” she asks with dismay.
“I like popcorn,” I defend swiftly.  Adam, embarrassed, does what he does best and leaves. 

Chapter 2

“You’re going to be home schooled this year,” Mom announces while we’re   at the kitchen table. I raise a brow at her.
“Home schooled?” I ask in confusion as I shove a piece of syrup drenched French toast in my mouth. She sighs.
“Your grandmother insisted on it. After what happened, she feels that it is best,” my mother says before sipping from her cup of coffee. Dad is also at the table, but he’s ignoring the both of us in favor of the morning paper. Mom glances at him for help, but he doesn’t even notice.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” I whine. I’m not particularly angry about being home schooled. But Mom can’t know that. Then, she will always make important decisions about my life without consulting me. The prospect is exciting... Being in front of a computer and completing work. Finishing assignments on my own time. The flexibility is overwhelming. And the best part is that I would never have to see Teresa or Ivy ever again. My scars tingle at the mention of their names.
“Mom, when were you going to tell me about this?” I demand.
“With everything that happened this year, I didn’t want to overwhelm you with new changes,” she slowly explains. So she thinks that I’m going to combust because of a few changes? It pisses me off that Mom thinks that I’m that weak.  I can’t truly be upset with her because she doesn’t know what happened in that bathroom. And she will never know because Mom would only blame Adam.    I’m sick of her thinking I’m fragile. I see the worry in her light brown eyes and how frown lines have appeared around her mouth. This year has aged mom in ways I blame myself for. The mugging three weeks ago couldn’t have helped matters.
“What’s the other part of this?” She flinches. I glare at her. Dad stands, stretches, then announces that he has to go to work.
“Ian, you don’t want to stay for this?” Mom’s golden brown eyes are pleading. But my father shrugs.
“You’ll be fine,” He mutters before leaving the house. It’s silent for a moment. I continue eating the delicious breakfast Mom cooked for this occasion. Mom twirls a strand of her caramel- colored hair around her finger. She doesn’t want to tell me what the other part of this is.  
“Chelsea, you know we have been having a hard time paying bills, especially since I got laid off,” she begins. Mom used to be a secretary for an accounting firm. When business began to suffer, cuts had to be made. For the last few months, the family has been under a tremendous amount of stress. That's why I got the job at O'Malley's.
“I know.” A fat tear rolls down her cheek and she looks wistfully at the door, as if wishing that Dad could come back and lend her some support.
“Your grandmother has insisted on taking you in for a few months so we can focus on relocating. Your father and I think we can get jobs in a metropolis, like Boston or Minneapolis. Until then, we need someone to keep an eye on you,” Mom says. I'm frozen. After being attacked, and pursued by my cheating ex, June was the worst month ever. But thinking of being trapped with the grandmother from hell makes me think this summer has just gotten a lot worse. Mom and Dad are pawning me off on Grandmother, despite the horrible things she said. Not only that, I'm going to be stuck in an unfamiliar mansion with the Grinch. And I won't have school as an escape. No, this woman will nag me all day. She'll pick at everything I do.
 “No. I’m staying with you guys. I’m not going to spend a day with her,” I shout.
“I'm sorry Chelsea. You have to pack quickly. Your Grandmother's driver will be coming in three hours.” I'm sore from the beating, and I haven't gotten much sleep. That doesn't stop me from sprinting up the stairs and running into my room. I carefully strip out of my pink ankle length night gown and wince at the fading bruises on my skin. They bring back memories of being helpless. The officers says the thug, names Albert Green, is a career criminal. He dishonored his probation terms with the attack and is currently back in prison. He pled guilty to assault, so there was no trial. I didn't bother showing up to the court hearing. Forgetting about the attack is probably the best thing to do. Luckily, the monster hadn't broken any ribs. The cut on the back of my head is healing nicely. The part that they had to shave is covered by my hair. My stitches have been removed. But I know running isn't safe right now. Although the bruises are healing nicely, it still hurts to move. I'm not going to sit by idly while a driver comes to collect me. I'm going to run from this. Maybe if the driver is left waiting too long, he will simply turn his car around and drive back to Gately. Mom walks into my room and stares at the fading marks. Her eyes are filled with sympathy. Her expression makes me furious with her. If she's so sorry, why send me to live with Grandmother? Suddenly, her presence is irritating.  
“Get out!” I scream, but she just stands there. It is as if an invisible force is holding her in place. The woman doesn’t even blink. Thankfully, the phone rings and she rushes away to pick it up. Moving through the pain, I change into a t-shirt, blue jean shorts and sneakers and rush from the house.
My legs have a mind of their own. The day is muggy and the sun is beating angry rays down on me. I’ve been jogging for about a half a mile. Exhaustion pleads for me to rest, but I don’t care. I keep running. The goal is to get as far away from home as possible. Unlike the walk back from the grocery store, I stare at everything and everyone. Suspicion clouds my hazel eyes. Every time someone walks too close to me, it takes everything for me not to recoil. Albert Green is behind bars, but that’s not reassuring. Danger is still around. Someone else could take his place. The thought that he has gotten to me makes me feel angry, weak, and vulnerable. As if I can out run my feelings, I increase my pace. I’m turning onto a familiar street with small one story houses, a playground, and a house with a rusty mail box when I see it. A blue house with an overgrown lawn. Adam’s house. I’m an idiot. This is a bad idea. But I can’t help it. There’s no car in the driveway meaning that his father isn’t home. Adam’s mother ran out on the family five years ago and Adam doesn’t drive. It’s Thursday, which means that Adam isn’t working at the hardware store. School in Elmview doesn’t start for another two months. That means long hard hours for Adam. His goal is to save up to get the hell out of town.  I walk up the gravel drive, onto his porch and ring the bell.  The blare of the television informs me that someone’s home. Moments later, the door flies open and a shocked Adam is staring back at me. He pushes open the screen door and ushers me inside. The front door leads into a small hallway. On the left is the tiny kitchen and on the right is the living room. He leads me to the right and we walk through the living room and into his small neat bedroom. I sit on the bed and take off my sneakers and socks. Adam chuckles as he sits beside me.
“So you’re ready to talk?” he asks.
“I’m moving,” I announce, and surprise slips across Adam’s face. It takes a few moments for him to gather his thoughts. As the silence stretches on, I revel in the fact that I’m in his room. Adam’s room smells like a mixture of sugar cookies and Axe cologne. His walls are a deep blue and his furniture is old and rickety. His father is a heavy drinker and the rest of the   house reeks of booze.
But, sitting here In Adam’s room, I can forget all of that.
“When are you leaving?” he asks, his face going blank. Adam Smith is always expressionless. He’s always hiding secrets that everyone tries to find.
“In a couple of hours. Mom just sprang the move on me during breakfast,” I say. Adam sighs and runs his fingers through his hair.
“Aren’t you glad you’re leaving?” he asks. “It means you can get away from me.” Something about his tone makes me realize that Adam is bitter about the way that our relationship ended.
“Adam, that’s not fair,” I spit back. He has no right to be bitter when he ruined everything between us.
“I love you Chelsea. Despite it all, I still love you.” He says the words in a tone that people use when they curse out of frustration.  I clench the black comforter to prevent myself from slapping him.  Adam makes it seem as though loving me is a bad thing.
“I’m sorry about that,” I snap. Adam’s face grows soft and he holds his head in his hands and groans.
“Chelsea, it’s frustrating because I can never have you. I know you don’t forgive me. But I miss you. I made a mistake and I’ve been paying for it ever since,” he whines. “I’m sorry.” Me too. This whole thing has been a soap opera nightmare. That’s one good thing about moving. At least I can have a break from all of this. I will most likely never see Adam again. He will move on with his life and date someone else. By this time next year, I will be a distant memory. And that’s when I have the craziest idea. I unsteadily climb into his lap and wrap my legs around his waist. Adam is taken aback but his eyes   darken. “Chelsea,’ he whispers. It sounds like a warning but I’m not thinking. I just want to forget, escape from all of the problems in my life. This week has been a terrible, emotional, frightening, roller-coaster. No, not a roller-coaster. A roller-coaster is actually pleasant. This week has been nothing but crap. And before I leave the only home I’ve ever known, I want to remember something good.
“Adam… I….” He never gives me the chance to respond. His lips are on mine in an instant. His kiss is hungry, demanding, and downright bruising. I don’t care that he’s holding me too tight, causing momentary pain.  His kisses are deep and worth the suffering. His tongue slips into my mouth and it battles with mine for the upper hand. His hands leave my waist and are beginning to travel under my shirt. I should protest. But I don’t. Instead, I drown in his scent as my hands tangle in his hair. His hands have reached my chest and a shudder runs through me at his touch. I clutch his head as passion fills me. That’s when he decides to pull back. We both breathe heavily.
“That was unexpected,” Adam whispers as he traces my stomach.
“Adam, I don’t want you to forget about me.” He abruptly stops exploring my skin with his hands. Instead, he holds me tightly to him.
“Chelsea, you are unforgettable.” His words are gentle, soothing, and fill me with the reassurance I hadn’t known I needed.  His words cause a second round of making out. Kissing him is like trying to find something that you’re desperately looking for. You are so close so you keep on traveling in the same direction. Just one more step can lead to you finding it.
“Adam?” a male voice calls. Adam and I break apart and I instinctively jump up and see his father in the door way. My cheeks are red. Neither of us says a word. My grandmother pushes Mr. Smith out of the way and deftly pulls down my shirt. My heart is pounding from kissing Adam. I can’t seem to find anything to say.  Embarrassment turns into mortification.
“Nothing happened,” is the first thing that Adam manages to say as I frantically put on my shoes. “Not that it’s any of your business.” He’s angry. That’s obvious by the scowl that Adam is sending his father’s way. The Grinch is unimpressed by Adam’s statement. She just glares at him.
“Chelsea, all he did was give you a bag of chips. Unbelievable! Have some dignity,” she hisses. Now, grandmother is thinking that I’m cheap. I’m about to mouth off to her when my mother pokes her head in. She looks disappointed, and that’s enough to make me feel extremely guilty.
“Adam, I’ll call you,” I say before giving him a quick hug and shooting an apologetic look in Mr. Smith’s direction. I squeeze past grandmother and Mom and bolt out of the house. I’m thinking I’m home free when I hear someone call my name.
“Chelsea!” Peter shouts from across the street. He’s waving and smiling at me. And, like our first meeting he doesn’t have a shirt on. He’s obviously been working because perspiration gleams on his chest and his hair is damp.
“Hi,” I say as I ignore the black stretch limo and cross the street.
“What brings you here without a shirt?” I ask. Peter chuckles.
“I’m helping my uncle install a new septic tank,” he explains. I wrinkle my nose and he chuckles.
“I just got caught making out with my ex-boyfriend,” I blurt out and his chuckle turns into outright laughter. I playfully punch him.
“Who caught you?’ he asks, eying the stretch limo.
“My grandmother, his father, and my mother. I have bad luck,” I groan. Peter smirks.
“It seems like you do. I hope it changes,’ he says as my grandmother dramatically slams Adam’s front door and follows my mother to the limo. They haven’t noticed me across the street yet. I don’t have much time.
“Hey Peter, thanks again for saving me.” Suddenly, a calculating expression slips across his face as he peers at me.
“Next week, my church is doing a fundraiser for a girl who has cancer. If you come, consider us even.” I pull out my phone and we exchange numbers. He agrees to text me the info.
“Chelsea, time to go,” the old woman nags. I shoot Peter one last smile and walk over to the stretch limo.
“We’re going straight to Gately,” Mom announces as soon as the driver takes off down the street.  I’m sitting between the two bitter enemies and make a point to frown at both of them.
“What do you mean? I still have to pack,” I protest.
“I did your packing for you. Everything is out of your room,” Mom says. She looks tired. Part of me hates that it’s all my fault. If only I were a better child. As if knowing my thoughts, Mom pats my knee.
“Chelsea,” Grandmother Betty hisses in a disgusted tone, her eyes piercing me.
“Yes Grandmother,” and the refrain begins again.
“You are a child. That fact was made clear by your predictable reckless actions today,” Grandmother scolds. Mom nods, agreeing with her. “You have poor taste in boys.”
“You don’t know Adam,’ I argue defensively.
“I know his type. He’s brooding and mysterious. That’s why you were interested in him. Am I right?” There’s no way that I’m going to admit that she is. So instead, I sip the gingerale that I had gotten from the mini-fridge. “You aren’t very popular in school. Adam is a misfit who everyone stays clear of. You connect with him because you feel like you relate to him. But let me tell you something,” grandmother lectures, pausing long enough to take a sip from her water bottle. “There is a difference between the two of you. He chooses to be the way he is and you don’t. So don’t have any crazy ideas of seeing him. He isn’t worth it,” Grandmother says.
“Just like mom wasn’t worth it for dad,’ I lash out. The Grinch’s eye ticks and she glares at me.
“No, this situation is different. Your mother was a girl that married someone that she wasn’t supposed to. Adam is trash,” she argues before staring out of the window. I am about to throw this bottle at her head. Mom knows it because she steals my gingerale and drinks it all in one huge swig. She burps loudly and grandmother mutters something under her breath. I can’t help it.  I burst out laughing.  And Mom joins in.

Chapter 3

Grandmother lives in a mammoth, over luxurious mansion. The Victorian house is painted an off white. A gate spans the entire property. The windows are all stained glass. A rose garden hugs the side of the house. Dad has never described his childhood home to us as kids. I’m thinking part of him mourns the easy life he once had. This makes me hate the Grinch even more.
The Limo stops at the gate and the driver gets out, entering a code in the key pad. The gate opens and he quickly drives us through. The driveway has many twists and turns, making it seem as if we are riding for a mile before the limo even reaches the area where the porch stands. Grandmother doesn’t even offer a sentimental welcome, but slides out of the limo and heads into the house. Mom is crying big fat tears as she looks at me. I’m tempted to plead with her to take me home. Grandmother and I would be much happier this way. We don’t need to owe the old hag anything. But my mouth is closed. Arguing would be futile, especially after the scene that occurred at Adam’s house.
“Behave,” Mom chokes out. That surprises me. Is that really the only advice that she has to offer the daughter she's leaving behind?
“I’ll try,” is the only thing that comes out of my mouth. Promises are sacred. Never make one that you can never keep.
“I’m serious Chelsea. You have to behave.” Her tears have stopped flowing and a sternness enters her eyes.
“Mom, I’ll miss you,” I say as I wrap an arm around her shoulders.
“I’ll miss you too. You can visit and stay on weekends. Just remember that,” she says before the driver opens the door. Yeah right, how can I visit if she moves so far away?
“Miss Philips, it’s time to go inside,” the grumpy middle aged man says. His tone doesn’t sit well. Mom pinches me in an effort to stop me from saying something rude. “Ouch!” I whine, exaggerating a bit. Mom laughs and kisses my cheek. We say our goodbyes and I follow the black haired man up the granite steps into the house.
“Your belongings will be brought to your room,” the man informs me as he leads me into a capacious living room. Over stuffed couches, recliners, and end tables are placed around the marble floored room. One of the walls is a floor to ceiling window that looks out on the gardens. I’m overwhelmed by the grandness of it all.
“Have a seat. Amy will bring you something to eat,” he instructs before leaving me. I sigh and sit in the recliner. The minute that my butt hits the seat, I know I’m going to sit here for as long as possible.
“Who are you?” a voice hisses, startling me. I look at the girl in the doorway and I’m immediately unimpressed. She’s just so plain looking. The only striking feature about her is her silky, poker straight, long black hair.
“Who are you?” I fire back.  She’s just like Ivy and Teresa. There is no way she will get under my skin. I’m ready for whatever she throws at me.
“I’m Tia Philips. You?”
“Chelsea Philips.” Her posture relaxes and the girl actually shoots me a smile.
“I thought you were one of the maids slacking off. I asked them to bring me tea, and they forgot. Can you believe that?  I actually had to go downstairs and nag the chef into making me some,” Tia whines as she sits on the couch closest to me. So this is the famous Tia that grandmother always brags about.
“How horrible!” I exclaim sarcastically. The sarcasm is apparently lost on Tia. She continues to whine about the very bad day she has been having, which, by the way, includes the wrong kind of sandwich getting delivered to her room. It took fifteen whole minutes to clear up the matter.
“Tia,’ an unfamiliar male voice calls.
“In here Grandpa,” she responds. Grandpa? Dad told me his father died. So maybe the old man coming in was Tia’s grandfather.
“Chelsea, how are you?” he asks as if he has known me for years. I stare at him.
“Good, you?” He gestures for Tia to move over and when she does, he sits.
“Grandpa, you won’t believe the day I’ve had,” Tia says as Grandmother Betty walks in. She sits beside Tia and glowers at the old man.
“Vince, have you introduced yourself yet?” Grandmother asks sternly.
“Chelsea, I’m your uncle Vince. But Tia calls me Grandpa,” he says. I nod, understanding as the Grinch gives me a stern look.
“Dinner is casual. We all usually eat our meals separately. Tell the chef what you want, and he’ll make it for you. Over the next two days, I’ll be busy. Tia will entertain you. School starts on September 5. Julie will be your tutor. You will work in your own classroom, which has a computer set up for you. There are rules here. You have to dedicate yourself to your studies. You will go to church with me on Sundays. And you can’t see Adam. He’s no good for you, Chelsea,” Grandmother nags. Adam. The memory of the feel of his warm lips makes me elated. He cheated on me, I know that. But something about him is so dangerous and forbidding. I definitely want to see him again, and I will. I just have to figure out how.   The interested look on Tia’s face makes me think I may have an ally.
“What if I want to go somewhere?” I ask remembering that I promised Peter to go to the charity event.
“Like where?” Grandmother Betty asks suspiciously.
“Like a charity event. I promised Peter I’d go to this event for a girl who has cancer,” I explain. The woman actually looks surprised before quickly recovering. Her shock that I would go to a charity event is offensive. Then again, maybe the prospect of anyone donating to a cause is scandalous to my Grandmother.
“If you would ever need to leave, Otis will drive you. He’s my driver,” Grandmother informs me.  
“I need a new job,” is the next thing I remember. I can’t work in Elmview anymore, since the commute would be impossible. I don’t have a car.  Everyone in the room stares at me as if something’s growing out of my head. Crap!
My heart quickens and perspiration drips down the back of my neck. I want to be strong, but I’m not. Part of me is still the girl who hates herself and fears of doing something wrong. Anger and frustration courses through me at the thought that the opinion of a bunch of rich people would affect me like this.
“You will get an allowance. All I want you to do is focus on school and applying to colleges.”
“I’m going into the military after high school,” I blurt out.
“No, you will not!” The protest comes from Uncle Vince. He looks horrified.
“Why not?  The military offers a lot of great opportunities. And besides, I will be making a difference,” I argue. Seriously, it isn’t any of his business what I pursue. The old man has been in my life for all of two seconds.
“Applying to colleges will be your back up plan,” the Grinch announces. That means I will actually have to take the SATS. How charming? Or maybe not. I don’t know much about the test. Hopefully it’s too late to register.
“Anything else?” I ask, with a nasty attitude.  The rearranging of my whole life is beginning to get annoying.  And besides, sitting is starting to hurt.  A hot bath and some sleep will soothe away some of the aches and pains.
“Nothing else. Vincent dear, I need to talk to you in the library,” Grandmother says, and the two old people clear out. Tia glares at Uncle Vincent’s back. Apparently, she doesn’t like being ignored.
“Amy, come in here,” Tia orders. A middle-aged heavy set woman with cobweb thin blond hair rushes in.
“What do you want Tia?” Amy asks. My cousin doesn’t miss a beat.
“A lobster, steamed, with potatoes and don't forget the hot dipping garlic and butter sauce,” she whines.
“You?”
“A burger, French fries, and a chocolate cake, if you can manage it please.”
Amy smile widens. “Marcus will be happy to meet you sweetheart. Has Otis sent you to your room yet?” she inquires.
“No,” I admit. The woman gestures for me to follow her out of the room. The path to my room is fairly simple. Just out of the living room, down a hallway with high ceilings and various portraits on the wall and an elevator ride to the third floor. It’s as if Grandmother figures I am directionally challenged. The room is the one across from the elevator. Amy smiles expectantly as I see my home away from home for the first time. The room is huge with a king sized four poster bed with multicolored drapes. There is a stone fire place, oak furniture, a private bathroom, and a balcony. The window is open, probably to get rid of the musty smell. This room has most likely not been aired out in years.
“Your stuff has already been unpacked,” she tells me. That is weird on so many levels, but I leave it alone. Amy slams the door shut and stares at me with hard eyes.
“I need you to understand something, Chelsea. Mrs. Philips is well respected by the staff here.” Amy glares at me when I don’t contain my shock quick enough. Grandmother Betty is nothing but a grump. How could anyone like her?” “She’s given you a chance to be something,” Amy continues. Her words are like a slap to the face.  How dare she?
“A chance? You think….” I pause, unable to contain my anger at the whole thing. “So you think that she rescued me? Is that it?”   To her credit, the maid doesn’t back down.
“You’re so naive. You have no idea what happened. Until you learn the truth, I suggest that you don’t cast stones,” Amy warns before storming out of my room. I sit on the bed and sigh. I’ve only been here an hour and my head aches. I pull the cell phone from my pocket and see a text from Peter. He sends me the information and the date and time. Next Saturday, I’m going to be back in my home town.
“Who’s the text from?” The Grinch demands, from the doorway. She startles me so much that I drop my phone on the floor. Thank goodness, the screen isn’t cracked. She glares at me.
“Don’t sneak up on me like that,” I snap. Grandmother shakes her head.
“Don’t use that kind of tone with me Chelsea. Or I will be forced to discipline you,” she threatens. I look up at her and see her tired face and decide that it is much too late to start an argument.
“Sorry. You scared me,” I say with genuine remorse. Grandmother Betty smiles.
“Tomorrow is the beginning of granddaughter week at the country club. Be ready by noon. Bring a swim suit,” she orders then leaves, just like that. I thought that she would be busy for the next two days. Whatever!
 Thirty minutes after the Grinch left my room, Amy brings my dinner along with a form to fill out. I’m luxuriating in the claw foot bathtub when the woman just barges in. Although the shower curtains are closed, it feels like she can still see me.
“I’ll pick up your dishes and the form in an hour,” she says then I’m left alone. That definitely shortens my long soak. The food is divine. The burger is juicy and the fries are a golden brown. As I’m devouring the chocolate cake, my cell rings. Without looking at the caller ID I answer.  
“Chelsea?” Adam’s voice is hesitant.
“I’m so glad to hear from you,” I tell him. He’s the one person who keeps me strong. Even when he strayed, my heart always knew that it belonged to him. I know this now, when my world is upside down.
“I miss you already,” he admits.
“I’m going to be in town next Saturday.”
“Really, for what?”
“For a charity event I promised a friend that I would go to. Promise me we will meet somewhere and talk.” The memory of his lips on mine fires my blood. And I know deep down inside that we won’t “talk” about a damn thing.
“Of course. Text me and we’ll figure something out!” he sounds really excited. The day is looking up. 
“Sure thing. I can’t wait,” I say but he isn’t listening. Someone’s shouting in the back ground.
“Mike, I’ll be right there,” he yells. “Chelsea, I’ve got to go.” The line goes dead along with my good mood.  I plug in my iPhone to charge and drink the last of the water. After dinner, I find the toothbrush in its travel case in a drawer in the bathroom. I brush my teeth, then climb into bed. It’s funny that the face I see before I travel into dream land is Peter’s. 
Chapter 4

“Rise and shine, Miss Philips,” a gentle voice chirps. My eyes open and the scent of bacon makes my tummy rumble. Amy stands to the side of the bed with her hand tugging at a drape. The smell of food stops me from screaming at her for waking me up.
“What time is it?” I yawn as I sit up.
“Eight O’clock,” she answers. Four more hours before going to grandmothers dreaded event. How lovely. I slowly get out of bed and walk over to the table that holds my food. It’s a small rectangular table made for two. I sit at one end and stare at the food: fried eggs, chocolate chip pancakes, sausage, bacon, and strawberries with whipped cream. They give me a small portion of each. The pancakes are the size of my fist. I’m use to the huge ones mom makes. As I bite into a sausage link, Amy clears her throat.
“What do you plan on wearing to the party?” she asks.
“A sundress and flip-flops,” I reply around a mouth full of eggs. Moments later, the scraping sound of hangers being moved fills the air.
“This will work,” Amy says pulling out a designer sundress, sparkly flip-flops, and a one piece. I glare at her.
“How?”
“Your grandmother ordered Sandra to go shopping for you. Wasn’t that nice of her?” She’s embarrassed by me and my common clothes. Just for that, I’m tempted to slip into the sundress I bought from Target last spring. But something in Amy’s look tells me not to rebel. No, that’s a lie. The other girls at the country club will be dressing in designer wear. If I don’t, people will laugh at me. The thought makes me sick. What a stupid thought.  I don’t care what anyone thinks about me.  Not anymore. So what if a bunch of rich people laugh at my clothes? Who are they to me?
“Who’s Sandra?” I ask, just to distract myself from thinking.
“She’s another maid here. She handles Mrs. Philips’ errands and whatever else she needs,” Amy replies.
“Who’s helping Tia get ready?” This woman really needs to leave. I’m not getting dressed in front of her.
“Tia isn’t going,” Amy says with genuine spite. For a moment, her face is filled with disgust. But then that million dollar smile is put back into place. Something isn’t right about this situation. Tia is Grandmother’s favorite. Why isn’t she coming with?
“Why not?” Amy shakes her head.
“You’ll find out soon enough,” is the only explanation she gives before taking off.
The country club is about ten minutes from the mansion. The grounds are extensive with a golf course, a swimming area, and a track. Three brick buildings adorn the lush land... All of which are surrounded by potted plants. Otis refuses valet parking and parks in a parking garage and offers Grandmother his arm. We slowly make our way to the dining hall. Then we enter what looks like a fancy dimly lit restaurant.
Old women and their granddaughters sit at tables covered with satin cloths. Candles and red roses make up the centerpieces. Everyone stares at grandmother as if they are surprised she’s here. I look at her, but Grandmother Betty ignores them and Otis directs us to a table in the back. He pulls out Grandmother's chair and she sits. He doesn’t bother doing the same for me. He just takes off.  I glare at his back and sit down. Immediately, a waiter dressed in slacks appears and hands us menus. The man is unobtrusive and doesn’t do more than ask us for our drink orders. Grandmother asks for ginger tea while I ask for chocolate milk.  Grandmother snickers at my choice in beverage.
 “For a girl that skinny, you sure eat really unhealthy,” she comments. In this environment, she is more approachable. I'm just thankful that she isn't being an ice queen.
“This is a very stressful situation. I need chocolate,” I explain.
“I thought that you like popcorn.”
“Smart Food,” I correct.
“Smart food,” she slowly says.
“I do. But you can’t drink Smart Food Grandma, so I settle for second best,” I reason. She laughs. The sound is gentle and rich. I’m unsure of how to react to it. Part of me wants to continue disliking her. That woman did mess with my parents. But the other part is telling me just to enjoy the moment. Why not? She brought you to an expensive country club for a reason. Just relax and have a good time.
“How did you sleep last night?” she asks. How did I sleep? The confusion fills my eyes for a moment. But then I remember that people are most likely eavesdropping. I refuse to be the one who gives her an attitude. That will just make everyone think that the kind and gentle Grandma Betty is a victim.
“Great. The bed is nice and soft,” I admit, wishing I was laying in the oversized mattress. She looks like she wants to say more but the waiter comes with our drinks. The man asks us what we want as an appetizer. Grandmother asks for tomato soup, without reading the menu, I ask for mozzarella sticks. The waiter, who looks to be in his early twenties, smiles and walks off.
“Betty,” an older woman with chocolate brown skin, striking blue eyes, and a short bob greets as she sits down. Her reluctant granddaughter, who has an hour glass figure, sits beside me and her mood brightens when she realizes I’m a complete stranger. She must hate one of the guests that Grandmother brings with her.
“Hi, I’m Olivia!” she exclaims.
“I’m Chelsea,” I say, shooting her a wide smile.
“Denise,” Grandmother says with warm affection in her face. She actually looks pretty when she smiles. The same waiter returns and the pair both order mango juice and begin with tomato soup.
“Where’s Tia?” Olivia cautiously inquires.
“In the bathroom,” I respond, just because I can’t help it. Olivia’s face falls, and I snicker.
“You’re lying,” she accuses.
“Yup,” I say as the food comes. Everyone at the table stares at my food and Olivia steals a mozzarella stick.
“I didn’t know that they have those here,” she says.  The rest of the lunch isn’t awful. We laugh and grandmother forces me to eat a salad, and rice, which isn’t so bad. The dessert is rice pudding, which is horrible. Olivia gladly eats my dessert. After the plates are cleared away, a tall, skinny, brunette that looks like she had one too many face lifts walks over to us. She strikes a pose and blows us kisses. I already hate her. 
“Betty,” the woman purrs.
“Gladys,” Grandmother Betty says, with steel in her voice. The woman puts her hands on her hips and glowers at us.
“It’s nice to see you up and about Betty.” Everyone is quiet. Olivia looks as though she wants the world to swallow her. My guess, Gladys is a ghost from Grandmother’s past.
“What brings you here Gladys? From what I understand, you don’t have any grandchildren,” Grandmother Betty says.
“I sure do. Chelsea is after all half mine.” My mouth opens as the woman kisses me on the cheek. I stare at Grandmother in confusion.
“She isn’t related to me,” I argue lamely. Grandmother stands as Otis appears.
“Chelsea, let’s go,” Grandmother Betty orders. I shake my head, not wanting miss plastic to win. But Olivia elbows me so I obey. We stand and make our way to the door, everyone staring at us as we exit. As soon as the restaurant doors shut behind us, she exhales in relief.
“She’s Vince’s ex-wife,” are the first words Grandmother says as we climb into the limo.
“Why did we leave?” I ask.
“Angelica, Gladys, Hailee Bell, Brittney, Ashley, or whatever she’s calling herself these days, likes to make a scene. It was best to leave,” Grandmother responds.
“Why is she so bitter?” That’s what I ask but what I really want to ask is, why is she so ugly?
“Vince left her twenty-five years ago. She hasn’t recovered,” Grandmother Betty says.
“Why am I half hers?” I ask.
“You aren’t any hers. So don’t listen to the crazy woman,”    she instructs.
“I like Olivia a whole lot,” I admit. The woman smiles.
“Denise has been my best friend for forty-seven years. I’m glad to hear you and Olivia get along.
“How many more events do we have to go to?” Grandmother looks weary as she responds.
“A gardening competition and a dinner. But we don’t have to go to either of those. You only agreed to the lunch.”
“I’ll go if you want.” She looks as though what she really needs is a nap.  She sighs.
“Knowing that Gladys is most likely going to show up makes me not want to come,” Grandmother admits. “I am too old to deal with the scenes that she likes to make.”
“Why not get her banned from the place?” The woman laughs.
“She isn’t exactly disturbing the peace by saying hi. She isn’t harming me physically. I have no grounds to get her banned from the club,” she explains.
“Couldn’t you pay to get rid of her?” I ask.
“I could if I wanted all of my friends to know I’m the kind of woman that would do such a thing. Chelsea, don’t worry about such things. You’ll most likely not see Gladys ever again,” Grandmother says. Her cranky side is back. I sigh and watch as the mansion appears.
On Sunday, Amy wakes me up at 7 in the morning for church. I eat a chocolate chip muffin and a banana and drink a tall glass of cold milk for breakfast. Then, I shower and wear another designer casual dress and flats to church. Grandmother is a Baptist. The church is medium sized and has a comfortable feel to it. The brick building is located three blocks from the mansion.
When Grandmother and I arrive, we are early and that gives the woman time to mingle. Everyone is polite and the service is blissfully short.
Because there isn’t anything better to do, after church I go straight to the recliner. Tia is sitting on the couch, beside a middle aged man that looks like a spitting image of dad. Okay, so his hair is thicker and his light brown hair doesn’t have any gray. He looks up at me and smiles.
“Chelsea Philips, the last time I saw you, you were two years old,” the man says. And he expects me to know who he is, why? Does he think that I have a super memory?
“Oh,” is the only response that I have. He jumps up and gives me a bear hug. I’m still a little sore, but it isn’t so bad.
“I’m Eric, Tia’s father,” he tells me.  So this is dad’s twin. Huh.
“Oh, nice to see you Uncle Eric,’ I say. He smiles and I immediately decide he isn’t so bad.
“Cute dress,” Tia says, looking up from her magazine. I plop in the recliner and then Uncle Eric peppers me with questions. He tells me about Canada and how his wife Nina will be happy when Tia goes home with him.  By the sad look on Tia’s face, she doesn’t want to go back to her home country.
“When is Aunt Nina coming to the states?” I ask.
“Around Christmas time,” he says and the thought of spending Christmas with Grandmother causes a shudder to run through me. I’m hoping I’m not here that long. Christmas should be spent with the ones that you love. For me that’s Mom, Dad, and Tiller. I barely know these people.
“Chelsea,” The Grinch shouts. She’s angry and the reason alludes me. She bursts into the living room waving a black t-shirt about. I’m frowning at her.
“Did you leave this by the pool?” she demands.
“No. I haven’t even gone there yet,” I quickly say. Tia pales. Who knew that the Grinch was such a neat freak?
“Is that so?” Grandmother shouts. Her face is an angry storm cloud and she’s swaying on her feet. The anger is irrational and someone needs to tell her that a random t-shirt doesn’t matter. I’m hoping Uncle Eric is going to say something, but he’s all of a sudden nervous.
“Grandmother, it’s only a t-shirt,” I plead to calm her down. Grandmother hands me the shirt.
“Sniff it, Chelsea,” she instructs.  I’m worried that the shirt will smell like B.O. But I take a deep breath and press my nose to the fabric.  The smell of sweat, vanilla spray, and cologne cling to the garment.
“It smells like a guy. Maybe one of the servants left the shirt there,” I speculate, not seeing the big deal. Grandmother suddenly sucks in a breath and plucks the shirt from my hands.
“You didn’t sneak Adam in here?” she asks.
“No. I wouldn’t be stupid enough to. The servants would rat me out in a second.” Apparently, my response gives her an idea.
“Tia, tell your cousin what you saw,” the Grinch demands. Now I get it. Tia was the one that told her she saw Adam here. She schools her features enough to show indifference.
“I saw Chelsea making out with a guy by the pool last night.”
“How convenient. What did he look like?” I ask.
“It was dark. I didn’t see much,” she adds.  I’m tired of this scene already. I stand and yawn.
“If you see Amy, tell her I’m having dinner in my room,” I announce before walking past Grandmother and heading for the door. Uncle Vincent appears out of nowhere and blocks the exit.
“Did you sneak the boy in here last night? Chelsea, it’s really important that you tell the truth,” my great uncle asks frantically.
“No. I spent the night in my room. You could ask Amy. Besides, how could I sneak anyone in when I don’t have the password for the security code?” It seems like he has regained common sense. He relaxes and looks like he believes me.
“I’m not a liar, Grandpa. I saw her kissing that guy,” Tia whines. But like the other day, her “grandpa” dismisses her.
“I will tell Amy that you want to eat in your room tonight. You may get some company,” Uncle Vincent warns before he moves aside.
After my bedroom door closes behind me, the weight of what just happened presses down on me. Everyone thinks I snuck a boy into the mansion and made out by the pool. Why do they think that? I’ve been here only two days. It’s not like anyone knows my character. All they have to go on is who my parents are. And that’s when it hits me. These people assume I’m dishonest because of my upbringing.  These designer clothes are suffocating me. The outfit is a reminder that these people are rich. I’m poor. Grandmother Betty’s gesture of giving me new clothing was probably an act of charity.  Our family was perfectly happy until she insisted on visiting more.
“Chelsea, can I come in?” It sounds like uncle Eric wants to pay me a visit. I’m in the middle of taking everything that Grandmother bought me out of the closet.
“I'm busy!” I shout. The man doesn’t respond. He’s probably going down stairs to complain about my insolence. None of this matters anymore. Mom won’t let me go home. It was clear on her face while we ate breakfast. She wasn’t going to budge.  However, dearest Mom didn’t lay down specific ground rules. That had been an over sight on her part.
“What are you doing?” Uncle Eric asks as I walk out of the closet with a pile of clothing.
“Getting rid of all of the clothes Grandmother bought for me,” I respond as I add to the pile on my bed.  Uncle Eric looks at a loss for words.
“Do you not like the clothes?” he carefully inquires as he sits down at the table.
“These clothes are a reminder that the Grinch thinks she is better than me.” Uncle Eric frowns.
“What gives you that idea, Chelsea?”
“All of a sudden, a boy’s t-shirt is discovered by the pool. She automatically thinks it belongs to Adam. Obviously, I don’t have enough class not to sneak a boy into my grandmother’s house,” I snap. Eric takes a deep breath and points at the chair in front of him, indicating that I should sit. I do.
“Chelsea, Mom is angry because some items have been stolen. They were last seen before she went to bed. She has a suspicion that whoever was snuck in was the person who stole them,” Uncle Eric explains.
“Oh, and because I couldn’t possibly know any rich people, it had to be Adam,” I say sarcastically.  My uncle doesn’t know how to respond. He begins tapping his fingertips against the table top.
“Tia saw you,” he reminds me. Amy and Otis enter carrying trays of food, interrupting our conversation. Otis glares at me while his female counterpart gapes at the bed.
“Chelsea, what’s the meaning of this?” she asks as she places a plate of spaghetti and meatballs in front of me. My only response is to eat one of the chocolate chip cookies. The maid begins to ring her hands as she stares at the mess.
“I will send Laura in to clean this up,” Amy says as Grandmother strolls in. She glares at Uncle Eric when she sees that he is with me.
“Moving out?” the Grinch asks.
“You can take your clothes back. I don’t want them.” She doesn’t look surprised. She seems exhausted.
“Amy, put those clothes back in her closet,” Grandmother Orders, and the made complies. I set down my fork and glare at her.
“I don’t want them. I don’t want anything from you. Just send me home,” the words all run together, and for some reason, I’m not in the mansion anymore. I’m in the school bathroom, hopelessness clouding me. I’m looking in the mirror and don’t like what I see. It’s making me angry. Really angry.  And then all I want to do is destroy the image looking back at me so I pound on the mirror until it shatters.
“Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea!” I’m on the bed, Amy’s worried face peering down at me. I’m tired and disoriented. I slowly sit up and look at the Grinch, whose face has grown stony.
“Chelsea, what happened?” she asks. Adam. The only person who could possibly understand. But he isn’t here. And there’s no way that they could possibly understand.
“I just want to be alone,” I whisper. It’s hard to talk. I need some water. Hearing the scratchiness in my voice, Amy hands me the glass of water that was sent up with dinner. I gulp down the liquid so fast, I nearly choke on an ice cube.
“I had one of my friends talk to Adam. He claims that he was with a friend last night,” Grandmother reports, as if not believing his alibi. Panic shoots through me. What does grandmother mean by one of her friends?
“He wasn’t here.” Amy puts a hand on my shoulder.
“Mrs. Philips, Chelsea was in bed by nine. I came in here and checked on her. No one else was in her room,” Amy reports.
“Amy, this is a matter that doesn’t concern you. Take your leave,” she orders sternly.  Amy obeys.
“What time did you have him in here? How did you do it?” Grandmother shouts. Uncle Eric looks disgusted. Memories begin slamming into me. Teachers shouting, the school principal shaking me, and Ivy’s frustrated shrieks about her precious iPhone. They, like the Grinch, assume I know something that I don’t.
“He wasn’t here,” I protest.
“You called him last night,” Grandmother argues.
“I couldn’t sleep,” I say, which is a half-truth.
“Mom, Chelsea isn’t up to this. Leave her alone,” Uncle Eric says. The matriarch of this family glares at him, then takes Otis' arm and leaves the room. Eric, who had been enjoying shrimp scampi before my episode, gestures at the food. “Chelsea, come finish your dinner. You can’t go to bed hungry.” I shakily get to my feet and join him at the dinner table. He makes small talk and tells amusing stories about Dad. When dinner is over, he gives me a hug and kisses my cheek.
“Don’t worry, Chelsea. This whole thing will blow over. If it counts for anything, I don’t believe you snuck anyone in here. Tia must have seen someone else,” my uncle says before kissing my cheek and leaving the room.
 Chapter 5

“Rise and shine,” Amy exclaims cheerfully the next morning. Sleep evaded me last night. I open my eyes and stare into her kind face.
“What do I have to do today?” I ask. The maid shrugs.
“I don’t know. Tia went with your grandmother to the country club, so you don’t have to do that.” One would think that I should be relieved by her words. But instead, I feel like I wasn’t good enough to go to the country club with grandmother.
“Oh. I see.”
“After breakfast, you are free to do whatever you want. That’s what your grandmother told me,” she announces.
I need to go for a run to rid myself of this foul mood. Then, I will come back and order some pizza with the meager cash that is in my wallet. Maybe, I can actually find a pizza shop.
“I’m going running.” Amy looks relieved. She points to breakfast, which is a Pop-Tart. I sit at the table, eat the toasted goodness and drink the milk. Then, I take a quick shower and change into sweat pants, a baggy t-shirt and running shoes. After stretching, I walk out of my room and into the elevator. The elevator stops on the second floor and my great uncle Vincent rushes in. The old man who has been so friendly to me in the past doesn’t even say a word, not even when I say hello. I guess that he doesn’t believe me about Adam anymore. What happened to change his mind? As I make my way to the front door, my phone rings. It’s Adam. With shaking hands I answer.
“Chelsea?” he asks cautiously.
“Hi.’ It's so good to hear from him.
“Some officers visited me last night. Know anything about that?” Fury fills me. Adam is on probation. He can’t get into any trouble.
“My grandmother thinks you snuck in here to see me the other night.  Apparently, some valuables are missing,” I explain as I head toward the door. The Grinch’s brother blocks my path.
“Give me the phone Chelsea,” he orders. The guy is a lunatic. I shake my head. Past experiences have taught me that the only person who handles my phone is me.
“I can’t talk right now, Adam,” I quickly say.
“Chelsea, you have to set her straight. I didn’t steal anything,” he pleads. I hang up and Uncle Vincent reaches for the phone. I shake my head.
“Why do you need it?” I ask.  The question only infuriates him more. He snatches the iPhone out of my hand and tosses it against the wall. The phone shatters on impact.
“Now, you can’t call him. The bastard can’t steal from us anymore.” His gray eyes fill with hatred. Rage fills me. How dare he break something that I had bought myself with my own money? My two years of hard work down the drain.  Vince moves and I’m quick to run out of the front door. The only thing I need right now is a quick run.  Then, who knows what. Maybe Skype? That’s the only way Adam can communicate with me. Isn’t it horrible that in the year we dated, I didn’t bother remembering his phone number?  Some girlfriend I am.  
It’s muggy outside. By the time I get to the front gate, I feel sticky. A truck is in the driveway.
“Waverly Repairs.” It’s too bad that the truck isn’t leaving. Then, it would have been simpler to leave the property. I narrow my eyes at the truck until a chuckle makes me jump. I spin around to see Peter standing there. His dark brown eyes are filled with amusement, until he catches sight of my face.
“Chelsea, what’s wrong?”
“My iPhone is broken,” is the only thing that comes out of my mouth. I’m crying. But it’s weird that I don’t notice that until Peter wipes a tear away.
“So you live here?” he asks.
“No. My grandmother lives here. I want to go home.” It’s nice to see Peter. His familiar face brings me comfort. When he opens his arms I fall into them. I sniffle into his shirt as he pats my hair. Then, I pull away.
“I’m sorry,” I cry, suddenly feeling horrified. He is a stranger. One doesn’t ever show weakness in front of someone if that person may be a threat.
“It’s okay, Chelsea. You look like you’ve been having a rough day.” 
“I’ve been having a rough summer. Ever since that moron beat me up, things have been going downhill.” Peter’s eyes are open and friendly. It’s such a contrast to Adam’s indifferent gaze.  It’s as if Peter’s gaze is saying, “Go on. Tell me everything.” So, I do. He scratches his head.
“Adam’s that kid that brought you smart food?” he asks.
“Yes,” I answer, remembering that Peter had given me flowers, a balloon, and a teddy bear. The teddy bear sits in my closet. I’m guessing that Amy hadn’t known what else to do with it.
“Thanks for everything.” He shrugs.
“It’s no big deal. Lilly softened him up,” Peter responds. He doesn’t realize that I’m thanking him for being kind.  I don’t enlighten him.
“How is Lilly?” is what I say when I really want to ask him if she is his girlfriend. Judging by the pained look on his face, I’ve hit a sore subject.
“Well, she’s physically fine. Unfortunately, I hurt her pride. I had actually broken up with her that morning. That’s why she was outside to begin with,” Peter confesses.
“So, what brings you here?” I ask. He grins.
“My other uncle is a Plumber. He wanted me to come along and give him a hand. My uncles are trying to draw me into their line of work. It won’t work, though. I already know what I want to be,” Peter replies with confidence.
“And what is that?” I ask.
“A detective!” he exclaims, a shine in his eyes. I’m speechless. Peter isn’t exactly a hard person. He’s everything gentle and kind. 
“Oh... That’s…” Peter bursts out laughing and that sound alone lightens my heart.
“Ouch! You don’t think that I’ve got what it takes to be a cop?”
“You’re brave. But…” He smiles.
“I want to be an orthodontist,” he admits. Now, that’s a better fit for Peter. Kids will love him.
“Are you in college?” I ask.
“I’m going this winter,” he says. “I’m finishing senior year a semester early.”
“Why not take the time off to relax?” Peter considers this for a moment.
“I have a lot of schooling ahead of me. Procrastinating isn’t the answer.” The front door opens and Uncle Vincent walks down the steps followed by a tall, thin, bald man.
“Chelsea, you’ve met Peter?” My uncle glares at me as if he’s embarrassed that I’m talking to the help.
“I already know him from back home. He saved my life.” The statement floors my great uncle. Peter isn’t amused. He looks the way I feel, disgusted.
“Oh. So Peter, shouldn’t you go help your boss fix the toilet?” my uncle inquires in a snooty tone.   His barb is meant to sting. But Peter just shrugs.
“I’ve done my part,” he says, as if the old man hadn’t offended him. Uncle Vincent walks past us, the thin man following behind. They turn left and walk out of sight. Peter cracks his knuckles.
“Well, that man really likes me!” He sarcastically declares. I laugh.
“You are quite the charmer.” Peter pauses and laughs even harder.
“Hey, what are you trying to say?   I’m not a charmer? First, you question my manliness now my charm? Hanging out with you won’t be good for my self-esteem,” Peter jokes. His laugh is contagious so I laugh along with him.  
“Chelsea,” Peter says when the laughter has long died down. 
“Yes.” Peter seems shy all of a sudden. There is no reason why he should feel that way around me.
“Do you want to grab lunch with me? This is technically my lunch break and I don’t want to eat alone.”
“Sure. Just let me change,” I say when I look down at my clothes. Peter smirks.
“There’s this diner I eat at when I come to Gately with my uncle. The food is pretty good,” he says as he trails me into the house.
“Follow me,” I tell Peter. He’s the only reason why I’m in a good mood. Uncle Vincent might be cruel and send him away. Peter looks apprehensive but he follows me.
He doesn’t seem impressed by the mansion. In fact, Peter looks bored by the display of wealth.  His reaction, or his lack of reaction, makes me feel vain. We enter my room. Amy straightens from fixing my bed and stares wide eyed at Peter.
“This is Peter, not Adam,” I assure her as I grab one of my sundresses from the walk in closet and rush into the bathroom to change.  The dress is blue with a flower pattern. I wear a pair of flip-flops with the dress. Amy frowns at the attire, wanting me to wear the clothes that Grandmother had purchased for me.
“Have a good time!”  Amy says as she walks us to the elevator.  We both smile at her and when the door closes, Peter lets out a sigh of relief.
“I was worried that my being up there would get you in trouble,” he confesses.
“Honestly, I don’t care,” I admit as we walk out of the elevator.  Apparently, Peter got clearance to drive his uncle’s truck. I’m relieved that we don’t have to walk. It’s too muggy outside.  As Peter drives, I relax into the soft leather seat. He seems comfortable behind the wheel. His eyes are bright and he sings along to the songs on the radio. Peter has a good singing voice. Unfortunately, I do not, so I’m shy about singing.  But then, I remind myself that he has seen me at my lowest. Who cares if I’m not a good singer? So I join in. Peter howls with laughter.
“Oh man. You have the voice of a siren,” he teases.   I lightly punch his arm and he continues to chuckle.
“I happen to have a beautiful singing voice,” I say in a serious tone. But one look at Peter makes me crack up as well.
He pulls into the parking lot and finds a spot for his truck. After putting the keys in his pocket, He hops out of the truck then walks around to open my door. I slide out of the truck with his help and we enter the homey diner. The Waitress gives us a booth in the back corner and I slide in across from him. It is crowded and the smell of fried food is making my stomach growl.   The middle aged waitress takes our drink order and hands us menus.
“Milk.’ I snicker.
“Hey I need some calcium for these bones,” Peter says defensively. When the woman brings me a water and Peter his glass of milk, she takes our order. We both choose to get bacon cheese burgers and waffle fries.
“What is your favorite type of flower? He asks. I smile at him.
“Red roses! Yours?” He rolls his eyes at me.
“I’m a guy.”
“That doesn’t mean anything,” I argue.
“Night blooming jasmines,” he reluctantly replies. I laugh.
“That’s so random. Why night blooming jasmines?” His expression turns introspective.
“I’d rather talk about something else. I don’t want to depress you,” Peter responds. My heart squeezes for him and I feel like I want him to smile again. Part of me knows that I will fall back into my funk if he doesn’t smile. 
“When I was four, my mother had surgery on her shoulder. She received tons and tons of flowers. Red was Rain’s favorite color and she was disappointed that we didn’t have red flowers to look at. My older brother Tiller had colored paints. So to surprise my cousin, I painted some of the white rose’s red. Dad was pissed because I ended up getting paint everywhere,” I say. Peter smirks.
“How did Rain react?”  I frown, remembering the end to this story.
“Dad didn’t allow her to come over to play. I was punished.” The kind expression doesn’t leave his perfect face.
“It sounds like you were a trouble maker growing up,” Peter teases. I launch into story after story about what Tiller and I did as kids. Some of them were bitter sweet because Dad would punish us. Lucky for us, he tuned out of our lives as soon as Tiller hit junior high. And let’s face it, Mom wasn’t one for staying mad at us. When the heaping plates are placed in front of us, we dig in. Peter’s phone rings halfway through lunch and he quickly answers it.
“She’s with me.” “Oh, I see.” “Her phone is broken.” “Yes ma’am,” Peter says before hanging up. He stares at me.
“Who was that?” I ask, already knowing the answer.
“You’re Grandma Betty. She wants you to come home immediately.” We both stare at our half- empty plates and then at each other, and continue eating. Peter pays for the bill and we head back to the mansion.
The Grinch is standing in the foyer when we arrive back home. She looks relieved when she recognizes Peter. Uncle Vincent had probably told her that I left with a stranger. Tia, who is standing beside grandmother stares at my dress. I ignore her disapproval.
“What happened to your phone?” she demands. At that exact moment, Uncle Vincent walks in the foyer and I glare at him.
“Uncle Vincent broke it,” I snap. Grandmother’s face fills with fury. Judging by the old man’s reaction, he hadn’t been expecting me to rat him out.
“All that time I have been calling her and you didn’t tell me that her phone was broken?’  She shouts.  Peter discretely makes his way out of the foyer. He turns around to wave at me and we both smile at each other. When he leaves, Tia mouths “hot.” But, I ignore her. After she lied about seeing me by the pool, there is no way we can ever be pals.
“I… I apologize Betty. It must have slipped my mind,” Uncle Vincent responds quickly.
“I apologize Chelsea. I will send Sandra out to get you a new phone. In the meantime, I owe you an apology. Adam wasn’t here last night. He was home watching a game with five of his friends. Countless people vouched for him. And Amy and Sandra checked in on you throughout the night. You were snug in your bed. And then there is the matter that I haven’t given you the key to the recreation wing yet,” she says as she hands a key that is hanging on a lanyard to me. I’m not ready to forgive her. Too many people have apologized and haven’t meant a thing. It’s all too much. Grandmother can see it in my eyes. She mumbles something about Amy giving me the key later and walks off. Vince appears remorseful.
“Chelsea, I’m terribly sorry for how I acted. The thief stole something very important to me.  My emotions may have gotten the best of me,” he says. I ignore the man and walk off to my room.
Later, a phone is delivered to me. All of my contacts are saved. It looks exactly like my last phone. I immediately call Adam and explain everything. But he doesn’t seem like he’s listening.
“That’s terrible. Hey, listen baby, I’ve got to go,” Adam says and then hangs up. I’m alone all over again.
Later that night, Uncle Eric has dinner with me for the second time. He picks at his lobster, while I devour a turkey club. He doesn’t say much. He just eats while I talk about Peter and the diner. After he leaves, I realize that I miss Peter. He’s easy to talk to and a great friend. I walk into my closet and grab the bear Peter bought me and curl up with it as I fall into a dreamless sleep.
Chapter 6

“Wake up,” the Grinch roars. My eyes fly open and I rub them wearily. I’m too exhausted to deal with my Grandmother. Can’t she just come back later?
“What time is it?” I ask, stifling a yawn.
“There has been another theft,” she announces.
“I didn’t do it,” I whine. Seriously, grandmother woke me up for nothing. The only thing that I’m interested in is sleeping.
“I know. I’ve had Vince check on you every hour. You haven’t moved from that bed,” she says.  Her confession stings.   Grandmother Betty must see it in my face because she explains herself. “Vince had a hard time believing you. He was sure that giving you a phone was a mistake. He was so victorious during breakfast. That was until I noticed that some of my jewelry disappeared, The Grinch explains.  What if the person stole your jewelry three nights ago?” I ask.
“They didn’t. I wore this jewelry yesterday,” Grandmother responds.
“No offense, but what does any of this have to do with me?”  I ask.
“That boy you were with yesterday. Did he take it?” she asks. Shock fills my expression. Is this woman serious? Peter wouldn’t do such a thing.
“What about your servants?” I fire back, in a voice that suggests that Grandmother is dense for not considering it. The bitter old woman fidgets for a moment, but then straightens.
“My servants have all been searched. They all live in this house.  If one of them stole my jewelry, they must have hidden it very cleverly,” she says.
“So Peter is your next suspect? He was hardly in the house more than a half an hour. He was with his uncle the entire time. What about Tia? Did she have any friends over?” Grandmother shakes her head.
“Her only friend is Olivia. That girl wouldn’t have taken a thing from me.” I yawn and look at the clock. It’s 6:30, far too early for me to start my day.
“Chelsea, you have to keep your eyes open. I need to catch this thief, the old woman pleads.
“Why can’t you just buy more jewelry?” The question comes out so harshly that I wince at my cruelness.  Grandmother’s frantic expression never changes.
“Because, some things are sentimental,” the woman explains before walking away.
In that moment, I'm filled with sympathy. This poor woman is being terrorized in her own home by an unsuspecting thief. But my feelings turn to anger. She accused me and Adam because she pegged us as poor thieves. She probably alerted Adam’s probation officer. One strike against him and he goes back to jail. Grandmother put Adam at risk. What if he does go back to prison? Who would I have then?
“Chelsea,” a soft female voice calls.
“Come in,” I greet knowing that it’s just one of the maids. I’m not surprised that the Grinch reassigned Amy. She probably figured that Amy favored me a little too much. This girl is beautiful with long curly black hair, skin the color of caramel, and a wide smile. She’s dressed too nicely to be a servant. She’s wearing a red off the shoulder casual dress with green flats. She saunters in and places the tray on the table. There are two different plates with two sets of silverware. She winks.
“Amy couldn’t bring the food up to you. So I offered to fill in. I’m trying to convince grandma to higher me as a summer employee,” the girl explains.
“I’m Chelsea,” is all I could really say. She’s my cousin. That’s the first thing that I manage to think.  She seems a lot friendlier than Tia.
“I’m Carmen.”
“Oh, I’m Chelsea.”
“Oh, I know.” She motions for me to join her at the table. Peter's bear tumbles to the ground when I slide out of bed. Carmen glances at the stuffed animal with interest.
“Adam gave that to you?” she asks.
“No, Peter.” She clearly has no idea who Peter is. Of course, Grandmother probably told the entire family about the incident with Adam.  It bothers me that he could never live up to the bitter old woman’s standards.
“Peter?”
“So Grandmother told you about Adam?” The question is hostile. Carmen’s golden brown eyes darken.
“No, Tia told me. What’s with the attitude? I’m only trying to be nice to you.”
“No one asked you to,” I hiss. The girl doesn’t deserve the attitude. But her kindness makes me feel sour. So poor Chelsea has to be consoled by a rich snob.
“I tried,” Carmen mutters. She stands, but pauses as she eyes her breakfast sandwich.  Apparently, she’s hungry enough to sit and eat. I sit down across from her and immediately attack the hash browns. She sips her orange juice and stares at me as if not knowing where to go from here.
“What did Tia tell you about Adam?” If she even says that Adam is a thief, I’m going to…
“Just that he is your boyfriend,” Carmen says.
“Oh.” The silence is thick. That forces me to add more. “I thought Tia was talking bad about him. That’s all.” Carmen’s face brightens, as if all of this makes some kind of sense.
“Tia says a lot of things. But everyone knows not to believe her. She can have quite the wild imagination,” Carmen admits.
“She’s a liar. I did not sneak Adam in here the other night.” Carmen nods in agreement.
“If I were to bet, she probably snuck the thief in. It will take grandma a while to realize that. In case you haven’t noticed, Tia is her favorite,” she explains before biting into her sandwich. Carmen closes her eyes and sighs in contentment. “Dad is a vegetarian. We aren’t allowed to eat meat in the house.”
“How many uncles do I have?”
“Three. Kenny is my dad. You’ve met Uncle Eric. Then, there is Uncle Ben. He’s the rebel,” Carmen says.
“I thought my dad was the rebel,” I argue.
“Marrying your Step cousin doesn’t make you a rebel. It makes you…” She pauses, unsure of how to proceed.
“What are you talking about?” I squeak out.
“Your mother is your Uncle Vince’s step daughter,” Carmen announces.  “Chelsea is after all half mine,” Gladys had told Grandmother Betty. That realization has me shivering. The plastic doll is my grandmother.
“You can’t be serious. Gladys is my grandmother?” She’s even worse than Betty.
“Yup. From what Dad told me, twenty years ago, your parents eloped. The two families hate each other. So it caused a huge mess.”
“What did Gladys do to be hated so much?” Carmen laughed.
“She had an affair with Grandpa, god rest his soul. They had a love child, Justin.  He’s a few years older than us. I see him from time to time. Apparently, grandpa left him money, which pissed off grandma even more,” Carmen explains.
“Why didn’t Mom ever tell me?” Well, that is a stupid question. She could hardly tell me that she had married her cousin. Although they weren’t blood related, it was still weird. Rain and I weren’t blood relatives. But I could never see me marrying her brother Donald. Not that I would. The guy has major temper issues. Besides, I couldn’t quite forget that when he was younger, Donald picked his nose and tried to fart the alphabet.
“I always thought you knew. I’m sorry.” Carmen didn’t look apologetic. If anything, she seemed relieved that everything was out in the open. Before either of us could say anything else, Uncle Eric walks in carrying a gift wrapped box. He smirks when he spots   us.
“Guess what I have!” he exclaims, his face lighting up like the sun.
“I’m not sure,” I answer. He places the box on my desk and spreads his arms out wide.
“I bought you a Mac. I figure I should start making up for the fact that I never got you Christmas presents.” His admission makes me feel sad and happy at the same time. It sounds childish. But I don’t want to like Eric. He’s supposed to be the person that shut his brother out. After meeting Gladys, it’s easy to understand why the family was so angry. But, Mom is different from her mother. She is soft, sweet, and understanding. One look at Gladys tells me that she is all about herself.  
“Thanks.” Uncle Eric’s blue eyes light up. He hadn’t expected for me to accept his offering. But what else is there to do? 
“Want to meet my dad? He’s awesome!” Carmen brags. 
“Just to warn you Chelsea, Kenny is a little socially awkward.” My uncle laughs as he says this. Since Carmen isn’t offended, this must be a family joke.  I smile, for the first time feeling in on something.
Carmen and Uncle Eric leave a few minutes later. All of the information that swims in my head is a little overwhelming. Adam needs to hear everything. Then, we can sort it all out together. It is so good to have a boyfriend.
I walk over to my new phone and call Adam. He picks up after the third ring.
“Hello.” He sounds distracted. Maybe one of the guys are over.
“Hey. How are you?” He pauses for a moment before speaking.
“Chelsea, I can’t talk. I have company,” Adam quickly says. I’m about to tell him to call me back when I hear a distinctive voice in the background.
“Adam,” Ivy’s raspy voice calls. He doesn’t even give me a chance to question.
“I’ve got to go Chelsea,” Adam says and then the line goes dead.  I walk in the bathroom and strip out of the night gown and start the shower.  My mind travels back to the school dance again. For some reason, I can’t escape the memory this time.
I’m wearing a blue spaghetti strapped dress with a silver necklace. The four inch heels make me feel off balanced. The room reeks of heavy perfume and cologne. I feel like I'm drowning in fumes. The food hasn’t been served yet. The tables are covered with purple cloth and the chairs are wrapped   with gold linen. The ballroom is medium sized, with the capacity to seat five hundred at the most. Glasses of water are on the table. I’m holding Adam’s hand. He can tell I’m nervous.
“Want to sit down Chelsea?” he asks. I agree and he leads me to an empty round table. He helps me into the chair and hands me a glass of water.  I have barely taken a sip when Ivy comes over. Her dress is black and leaves little to the imagination. Her red hair is swept up into a perfect up do, and she has layers of make up on that make her face look shiny.  Her gray eyes flame when they land on Adam.
“Hi Adam,” she purrs. Adam looks uncomfortable. At first, I think it’s because he doesn’t like Ivy. But then she smiles.
“Adam, how are you?” Ivy ignores my existence.
“Fine,” he says. He quietly takes a seat beside me and grabs my hand. I feel empowered that Adam is ignoring her. Ivy however looks unimpressed.
“So you forgot about last night?” Her face is full of hurt and regret. Adam doesn’t answer. He simply squeezes my hand tighter.
“Ivy get lost. It’s clear that no one wants to talk to you,” I snap. Ivy smiles.
“Adam, you have amnesia? I knew you would forget,”
“So that’s how you’re going to treat me?” Adam still ignores her. But I can do nothing else but notice how the tide is changing. Conversations have gone quieter. The air is filled with doom. Then, Ivy takes her iPhone out of her purse, tinkers with it and holds the phone in front of my face. Ivy and Adam are dry humping against a wall. Her legs are wrapped around his waist and their lips are meshed together.  I stare at the image, not processing what it is. All I can think is, Adam never kissed me like that before. Adam yanks the phone out of Ivy’s hand and tosses it against the far wall. He’s calling my name. But I’m running toward the bathroom.  When did I start running? It’s miraculous, how the heels that were once a difficulty seem so easy to move in.  I get to the bathroom and stare in the mirror. Hate fills my heart. Look at the pathetic girl, unable to keep a man. How did she expect anyone to be faithful to her? This pathetic girl needs to be destroyed. She needs to die. I punch her in the face again and again until “glass shatters. The blood oozing out of my knuckles doesn’t even alarm me.  All I’m thinking is that this pain could stop. It could stop for good. I pick up a piece of glass and slice across my wrist.
Water smacks me in the face. I gasp. The first thing that occurs to me is that someone is calling my name.
“Chelsea! Chelsea! Chelsea!”
“Yes.” My voice is hoarse and I can't stop coughing. I sit up and stare up at Grandmother Betty. She looks worried. That’s strange. Why the concern? Maybe she worried that her poor granddaughter would pass out on the bathroom floor. Why am I on the bathroom floor? Did I put a dent in her precious floor? Is that why she’s mad? It’s as if the woman can read my mind. Anger fills her face.
“Amy, she’s responding,” the woman announces before leaving the room. Moments later, Amy rushes into the bathroom, relief on her face.
“Chelsea, oh thank God. I wasn’t sure what happened to you. I came in here to give you a towel when I saw you. You were thrashing about shouting things. I’m glad you’re okay.” She reaches out a hand and I take it. I stand and pain shoots through me. My ribs aren’t fully healed. Falling on the floor isn’t exactly helping matters.
I’m fine. You can leave.” My order is sharp. Amy doesn’t need to be here for this. She doesn’t understand. No one does. Ivy. Ivy is the source of all of my problems. She stole everything from me, including my boyfriend. She will always be a ghost, haunting everything good in my life.  That has to change. But I don’t know how it ever would.
My shower is quick. After wrapping the towel around me, I step into my room and am surprised to see Carmen sitting at the table. She is reading “Twilight” and by the enraptured look on her face, I’m assuming that she hasn’t read it before.  I waltz into my closet and pick the most daring outfit, an extremely short and low cut red dress. Carmen gapes when she sees me in it.
“Chelsea, what’s going on?” She is ignored. Mom bought me makeup. It’s somewhere. I run into the bathroom and discover the cosmetics, in one of the drawers that are attached to the sink. Ivy wears makeup. So I will as well. The more powder, blush, eye liner, and red lipstick that cover my face, the more confidence I gain. I don’t bother with my hair. It looks best down.  I’m wearing the same black pumps I was wearing for junior prom. Carmen blocks the exit.
“Chelsea, wait. You…” The door opens and Carmen is forced to move out of the way. Amy stares at me.
“Chelsea, you went too heavy on the eye liner,” Amy tries to warn. But nothing matters. Adam seems to like this type of girl. Suddenly, I’m filled with panic. I can’t lose Adam. Ivy isn’t going to take him away from me.  She can’t. She has already taken everything else, my popularity, my friends, and my position on the cheer squad. Nothing will take Adam away. Nothing.
“Chelsea, where are you going?” The question has been asked five times since I left my room. Peter asks this time. He’s gorgeous and shirtless. For a crazy moment, I want to kiss him. But Adam is the only one that would make all of this hurt go away.
“I need a favor from you,” I say. Peter frowns. We are standing outside of the mansion doors and the sun is beating down on us.
“What might that be?” Peter asks, eying my outfit.
“I need a ride,” I plead, with hysteria in my voice.
“Where?”
“Elmview.” Peter frowns. He doesn’t know what to say. He was probably assuming that I wanted to go down the street.
“Sure. I’ll let my uncle know,” he says before going inside. During the three minutes he’s gone, I’m worried that his uncle has said no. I’m worried the Grinch will come out here and drag me back inside. Thankfully, none of that happens. Peter returns, wearing a shirt and we walk over to his uncle’s pickup. He has to lift me into the seat because the heels are a death trap.
“Chelsea, you want to go to your boyfriend’s house?” Peter asks.
“He can’t hang with her.” That’s the only thing that escapes my lips. Peter frowns and continues driving. His phone rings just as we reach Elmview. Peter slides his Galaxy from his pocket and answers.
“Hello!” Peter pauses then a smile slips across his face. “I would be honored Mrs. Philips.” “Thank you.” He hangs up and smirks. He looks at me expectantly, but I’m too keyed up to ask. His face reveals disappointment. I’m unsure why, but that doesn’t matter right now. Peter’s pulling up on Adam’s street and backs the pickup in the driveway across from Adam’s house. “I thought I would say hello to my uncle,” my friend explains. I nod and nearly break my neck hopping out of the truck.  Before I know it, I’m running across the street, toward the handsome, blue eyed boy that I love. A relieved smile breaks across my face. He looks shocked, a stack a mail resting in his hands. He’s alone, getting his mail, not hanging with Ivy. She must have left. I don’t give him time to speak. I toss myself into Adam’s arms and he drops his mail to catch me. I brace my hands on his shoulders and wrap my legs around his waist and capture his lips with mine.  Everything moves so quickly. At first, the sun is burning my back as my mouth explores Adam’s. Then, I’m cold from air conditioning. My back is being pressed against the wall and he kisses me with desperation. It feels like no matter how deep I kiss him, I feel empty inside. No matter how he kisses me, Ivy is still haunting us. Her perfume lingers in the air, her high heels still click against the wood floors, and her voice fills my ears. When Adam pulls his mouth from mine, I feel sick.
“Get a room,” Ivy protests. So she is here with Adam. His face grows pale as I really smell him. He smells like Ivy’s perfume.
“You were with her again?” I ask. This can’t be true. This really can’t be true.  No. Adam wouldn’t do this again. The guilt in his eyes confirms everything.  I push at his shoulders and Adam helps me to the ground. The world is spinning. So I lost him again. Now nothing else is left. Mom and Dad are away looking for affordable housing. Grandmother doesn’t love me. No one knows me.
“Chelsea?” Peter. Peter is here. For some reason, he looks blurry.
“Chelsea, I didn’t know we were exclusive. You’re moving. You couldn’t have expected me to…” Adam doesn’t finish his statement. Peter slugs him in the jaw and he goes down. Then, I’m being lifted in the air and cradled into warm, strong, secure, arms.  My tears soak Peter’s t-shirt as he carries me out of the house.
“It’s okay Chelsea. You don’t need to cry.” He continues to whisper gentle words in my ear and like a baby I slowly cry myself to sleep.
I wake up when someone places me in my bed. My eyes open and I stare into the face of a complete stranger. He sighs when he sees that I have woken up.
“You look awful,” he observes.
“I know,” I say agreeing with the man. He’s right, I do look bad.
“The makeup is everywhere,” he continues. That’s when it occurs to me that he means that I look bad do to the state of my face. He isn’t saying that I’m ugly.
“Who are you?”
“Your Uncle Kenny,” he answers as he takes a seat at the table. He looks like dad with the same blue eyes and brown hair. But his cheek bones are more pronounced and dad has a beard.
“Where’s Peter?”
“On his way home. You really cried a river on his shirt,” Kenny responds.
“Am I in trouble?”
“Depends,” Grandmother Betty says as she strolls in. She looks furious. Her appearance sobers me up a bit.  
“On?”
“What happened?” the Grinch demands. I’m too tired to answer and my body decides that it would much rather sleep than expend any more energy. 
Chapter 7

“Chelsea,” a soft voice calls. My eyes open and I’m staring up into Carmen’s gentle face. The room smells like French fries and I know that she has brought food with her. I sit up and yawn.
“What time is it?” She sighs. This has been our routine for the last couple of days. I sleep, she wakes me up to force me to eat, we go for a walk, and I sleep again.
“It’s time for you to get ready,” she announces. I frown.
“For what?”
“The charity event that you promised Peter you would go to,“ she replies. It’s Saturday. How fun? Peter is probably going to ignore me and hang with all of his church friends. No one is going to talk to me and I’m going to be alone. I should probably be used to that.
“Stop looking so miserable. Peter told me about this event. It should be fun.” 
“Are you coming with me?” she smiles.
“Our cousin Eliza and I are going. I also invited my best friend, Daniela. You’re going to love her,” Carmen says as she drags me out of bed. I shower and she picks out my clothes, a blue sun dress and black flip-flops. It’s apparent that it is going to be a comfortable atmosphere since Carmen is wearing shorts and a pink short sleeved shirt. Carmen picks at French fries as I blow dry my hair. Apparently, she’s really hungry and couldn’t wait to eat at the church.  As I put my hair up in a pony-tail, there is a soft knock on the door.
“Come in,” I call and two girls rush in. One of them looks a lot like Carmen except for the fact that she is curvier and has bigger lips. The other resembles me, except her skin is olive. The curvy girl smiles.
“Hi, I’m Danny,” she says. Eliza smirks and introduces herself by giving me an aggressive hug. She is definitely full of energy.
“There are no boys in this family besides my brother tiller?” I ask. Carmen sucks in a breath.
“I have a cousin named Tiller? What is he like?”
“Smart. He got into Princeton with a full scholarship. Tiller is studying to be a Doctor,” I informed them. Eliza whistles.
“Geez.  And I thought that Matt was an over achiever.”
“Who’s Matt?” I ask.
“Her really hot brother who goes to Brown. He’s studying business,” Daniela explains, her face filling with fondness. 
“They dated for one summer,” Eliza explains. I nod in understanding and blink with surprise as a French fry hits Eliza in the nose. She catches it and pops it in her mouth. Daniela and I exchange looks as Carmen and Eliza play catch with the fries.
“They have been doing this since they were children,” the other girl tells me. Moments later, Daniela shrieks as a catch up packet smacks her in the nose. Then, I’m knocked to the bed and am howling in laughter because Eliza is tickling me. We are all laughing when the door opens.
“Ladies, Otis is waiting,” Grandmother announces. The girls immediately run out into the hallway. I move to follow, but Grandmother grabs my arm. I stiffen.  What else have I done wrong? Her grip is loose but firm. And it takes her a few moments to release me. I look at her with a question in my eyes.
“Don’t see Adam. He’ll only hurt you again.” Before I can respond, Grandmother hands me a black handbag. I frowned.
“Your things are in the purse. You have and a credit card. Stay safe,” The woman says before leaving. I follow her out, speechless by the generosity.
“Party!” Eliza shrieks as she slides into the stretch limo beside me. Carmen and Danny are sitting in opposite seats. When Otis closes the door, Eliza opens the mini fridge and pulls out a coke. She proceeds to take drink orders and I settle on a can of coke zero. We munch on bags of Fritos as we talk.
“Chelsea, are you being home schooled this year?” Carmen asks.
“Yes.”
“So am I. I think that we have the same tutor,” Carmen says. Eliza doesn’t look so thrilled.
“Seeing the world, now I’m down with that. But, who wants to be stuck without eye candy?” Eliza asks. She smirks at Carmen who glares.
“Eye candy?” I ask, even though I want to be asking what Eliza means by seeing the world.
“I’m not sure what we will do. But I’ve done some snooping. My guess is that we will spend a month in Massachusetts then go down to Florida. After Florida, we will go to Canada, then Paris,” Carmen figures.
“Why?” I ask.
“Who knows? It seems like Grandma wants to spend some time with her grandchildren. I’m going off to college so I can’t come with you guys. That’s why I’m here now,” Danny says.
“Our families are really close,” Carmen fills in.
“Hey, ladies, aren’t you guys mourning our lack of men?” Eliza asks.
“Not really. I have your brother,” Danny reminds the girl. Eliza makes a gagging sound. This topic really sucks, especially since I would be mourning the lack of one guy, Adam Smith.  Since my episode, he hasn’t called. Not one text or a single “I’m sorry.” This kills me just as much as losing him. How dare he choose Ivy over me? When Adam and I got together, we were both outcasts. We had a common enemy, everyone else. Now, he went all Benedict Arnold on me.
“As long as I’m not dragged to the country club, I’m okay with this arrangement,” Carmen chimes in. That comment earns a chuckle from Eliza.
“I practically got kicked out of the place. Would you imagine? It’s apparently taboo to start a food fight,” Eliza gasps. Then, she pauses and stares at her can of soda, as if looking for an answer to a mystery. “No, I think punching Kim Ray in the face is the reason why I can’t go back.” Everyone laughs. I’ve known the girl for two seconds. But it’s clear that Eliza is the free spirited one. I wish I can be like her. An unexpected ball of jealousy fills my belly. Adam would love a girl like her.  She would be worshiped.
“I for one can’t stand that I’m not starting college right away. Can you just imagine the dreadful traveling I will have to do?” Eliza asks with feigned horror.
“What about you, Carmen?” I ask.
“Carmen goes to an all-girl school. She won’t miss it, especially since her acceptance to Cornell University is guaranteed,” Eliza smirks.
“Is not,” Carmen protests.
“Don’t mind her. Carmen is under the impression that she is actually earning her way into college. Her uncle is the dean,” Eliza stage whispers. For a moment, Carmen’s dark eyes are filled with pain.  She looks away and doesn’t say a word for the rest of the ride.
The church is brick with steps in the front. Music fills the air when a woman in front of us pulls a door open. She smiles at us and holds the door until Carmen reaches her. Apprehension fills me. We don’t know anyone here. We walk into the lobby and there is someone sitting at a table by the doors. The admission fee is ten bucks. We pay our money and follow the sound of the music. The sanctuary is nearly packed with enthusiastic people clapping and dancing to the music. A band is playing while a boy who is the spitting image of Peter sings.  He is accompanied by three male background singers. They are all great. We are all having a grand old time. It’s amazing how the sanctuary and over all good spirit is enough to relax me. I haven’t been to my home church in five years. Mom stopped going and there was no way that I was attending alone. Looking at the packed room makes me glad that Carmen, Eliza, and Danny are with me. Well, Eliza was with us. She joined the people, enthusiastically clapping and dancing in the aisles. I stood between Carmen and Danny, who both stare at Eliza with resignation in their eyes.
“That is the most upbeat version of Blessed Assurance I’ve ever heard,” I yell into Danny’s ear when the song finishes. She laughs.
“Hi everyone. I’m Malcolm, and thanks for coming to this event!” Everyone automatically claps. “This means a lot to all of us at Elmview Baptist church. Hope is very special to us. She is fighting cancer with courage. And I would just like to say that I admire her strength. Before I continue with the next song, remember, after the short play, go downstairs for food and the auction,” he says. I’m glad that grandmother had given me money.  All of it is going to this cause. I’m not sure what moves me to donate all of my pocket cash.  Maybe Peter had a lot to do with it. Maybe this is a way that I can pay him back for saving me. Or maybe the reason is purely selfish. I want to save a life. Then, I can say that I made a difference.
After a fifteen minute play involving children reenacting the Jonah and the whale story, we all file downstairs for the remainder of the evening. Long rectangular tables are set up in the wide open space. All of the dividers are down. We sit at the table that is fairly close to the stage. My theory is that Danny is hoping to get another look at Malcolm.
“Where’s the grub? I’m starving!” Eliza groans as she plops beside me. Danny and Carmen sit across from us. A few people were already sitting at the table. They smile and greet us before returning to their own conversations. Someone taps on my shoulder. I crane my neck and see Peter. He is hot! He wears a buttoned down shirt, blue jeans, and black dress shoes.  
“The band was amazing! Are you related to Malcolm?”
“My older brother,” Peter says with a smile. He is proud of Malcolm.
“Is he single?” Eliza asks. Peter study’s her curiously. “Danny over here would like to know.” Danny looks like she is going to kill Eliza. She blushes and averts her eyes. Peter smiles.
 “Yes. Wait a minute.” He disappears for a second and returns with Malcolm.
“Malcolm, this is Chelsea.” Honestly, Malcolm doesn’t look impressed. He stares at me with weariness. I want to shrink back. He probably thinks that he is better than me.
“Hi Malcolm,” I say, forcing a smile.
“That boy you nearly screwed in the driveway is here.” Peter looks embarrassed and Eliza is full on laughing. I can’t breathe. Malcolm continues. “He’s coming down the stairs now,” Malcolm says. I can’t breathe for a moment. But then I ask, “Is he alone?” Malcolm nods.
“Oh. Well, that’s nice. I guess.” Peter looks as if he wants to escape this situation when Adam strides over. He looks worn and tired and is clearly not dressed to impress. Adam wears a black t-shirt that has holes, ripped jeans, and a battered pear of white sneakers.  He sits beside Carmen and glares at Peter.  When Adam smiles at me and I feel an overwhelming urge to puke. Eliza gives him the stink eye.  Carmen and Danny just gape.
“Chelsea, I was hoping you would come outside with me so that we could talk,” he says.
“Fine,” I agree. Peter looks disappointed. But, I don’t feel bad. Adam needs to get everything out of his system.  And maybe I do too. Adam doesn’t wait for me to follow. He takes off and starts weaving his way through the tables. I stare at his back for a moment. Then, my eyes focus on Peter. He looks conflicted and his good mood has long vanished.  I stare into his dark eyes and will him to understand. He shrugs and walks away.
“How are you?” Adam asks as we walk down the church steps. It’s dark without a hint of moon in the sky.
“I’m ok.” He begins to walk down the sidewalk and my feet follow him.
“I’m sorry about Ivy. Chelsea, I thought we were over. So I tried to move on. You can’t hold me accountable for her,” he begins. Something about Adam’s words causes anger to bubble up in me.
“Don’t act like we haven’t talked in years. Adam, we made plans to meet up.” My words stops our movements.  Adam lets out a string of vulgar curses. He is actually cursing near a church. What class he has.
“Chelsea, I thought we were just hooking up. I didn’t know we had a commitment,” Adam argues.
“Well, you thought wrong.” Something about Ivy kissing him just put a bad taste in my mouth. He kissed that nasty slut. And now, Adam wants to kiss me. It isn’t losing if I break it off with him. Then, it would be like Ivy is having my sloppy seconds.  Suddenly, everything makes sense. He is probably never going to give me a commitment. Adam wants us both.
“Would you break up with her?”
“No,” Adam says, confirming what I had suspected. What a pig.
“Do you want to have a relationship with me?” My question causes Adam to put his hands in his pockets.
“Ivy is cool. She really is. But she isn’t you. And you aren’t her.” He pauses, waiting for my reaction to his confession. His words both gratify and hurt me all at once. Ivy isn’t what he needs. At least she didn’t steal this one thing from me. But I’m not what Adam needs either.
“I’m sorry you feel that way Adam. If you can’t break it off with her, then, you and I can’t be together.” Suddenly, Adam grabs me by the shoulders, his fingers digging painfully into my shoulder blades. His eyes are wild as he bends down as if to kiss me. I do the one thing that would stop my lips from touching his. I knee him in the groin. He doubles over  in pain. I rush back to the church. I’m desperate and am not watching where I’m going and I slam into Carmen. We nearly fall to the ground.
“So it’s over between the two of you?” she casually asks.
“It looks like it,” I say, trying to act like it doesn’t affect me. Knowing Carmen, she probably eavesdropped on the whole conversation.
“Let’s go inside,” she suggests, and so we do.
I’m a firm believer and faking it until you make it. So we sit at the table, which has gone silent. Malcolm is sitting by Danny and Peter is beside him. Eliza sighs and gets up. She waltzes over to Peter and whispers something in his ear. He nods and suddenly, they switch seats. That doesn’t make Malcolm happy at all.
“What happened to Adam?” he asks.
“We broke up,” I announce, and Eliza begins clapping. Everyone else at the table joins in the applause. The applause is apparently infectious. Peter starts chuckling as table after table begins applauding. When the applause dies down, someone shouts, “Why are we clapping?”
“Because the auction is about to start!” Malcolm exclaims. And then, people start cheering all over again.
“Are you all right?” Peter asks me.
“I kneed Adam where the sun doesn't shine.” Those words just came out. Peter howls with laughter before quieting down. The chatter has gone down in volume and people are starting to stare at us.
“Do you want a hot dog?” Peter asks me.
“Yes,” I say. He leaves the table and my eyes follow him. He goes to the back of the room to a buffet window. Apparently, food is being sold. It’s like the entire crowd notices that Peter is in line. Everyone rushes up to buy food.
“Have any cash?” Eliza asks me. I pull twenty dollars out of my purse and hand it to her. She smirks and sprints toward the line. I’m feeling incredibly stupid. Peter didn’t collect any money from me when he went to get my hotdog. I sense that Malcolm knows that. His disapproving eyes follow Peter as he comes back with hotdogs, chips, two bottles of water, and two ice cream sandwiches. He sits down and gestures for me to take a hot dog. I pick one of them up and shake my head when he tries to offer me a mustard packet. 
“No ketchup or mustard?”
“Nope. I eat my hotdogs plain.” He refuses my money and we chow down on our food happily.
“Ladies and gentlemen, time for the auction,” Malcolm announces. The room is quiet as Lilly walks onto the stage and hands Malcolm a basket stuffed with goodies. I want those.
“This is Peter Jacobs’ famous sweet basket consisting of brownies, cookies, cupcakes, and peanut brittle. The bidding starts at a dollar.”
“Fifty dollars,” I shout.
“We have fifty dollars from the pretty lady in blue.” Peter stares at me.
“A hundred dollars,” Eliza shouts as she sits down. I kick her under the table.
“One fifty,” I shout.
“Two hundred,” she shouts. I open my wallet and count seven hundred dollars.
“Four hundred,” I bid. The crowd is going crazy and Malcolm looks absolutely shocked.
“Five hundred,” Danny offers.
“Six hundred,” I shout. Malcolm looks positively flustered. He hadn’t expected to make six hundred dollars for a basket of treats. But Peter made them. And this is all for a good cause.
“Six hundred going once, going twice, sold to the pretty lady in blue.” Lilly walks over to me holding out an envelope. I count six hundred dollars and slip the money inside and hand it to her. Her eyes are wide as she hands me the basket of goodies.
“Thank you,” Lilly whispers to me.
“You’re welcome.” And it’s in that moment, seeing the relief on her face, that I realize that she knows and loves Hope.
To my surprise, Otis rushes in and hurries over to me. I’m thinking that I’m in trouble, until I see the stacks of envelopes that he starts giving us. When Peter gets an envelope, he frowns. But Otis disappears before we could say anything. Peter casually opens the envelope and gasps. He pulls out a wad of hundred dollar bills, a check, and a letter.
“Your grandmother wants me to bid on something for her,” Peter announces. I open up my envelope and find that she has given me two thousand dollars and a note to spend it all at this event.  I’m shocked and aggravated. Grandmother is loaded. She could just donate a million to this family and… I can’t think that way. She’s being nice.
The second item, a bible goes for four dollars. Lilly brings out a third item, a pound cake that she has apparently baked. Peter grins at Eliza and tosses her his share.
“I want that cake,” I hiss at Peter. He laughs.
“I know. But you can’t have all of the sweets.”
“A thousand dollars,” Eliza shouts. Malcolm is positively floored. Most of the people in the audience seemed relieved that they don’t have to participate in the bidding.
“One thousand one hundred,” I shout.”
“Two thousand,” Eliza challenges. Peter grins.
“Malcolm made twenty-four doughnuts with his new doughnut maker. If I were you, I would hold back for that.” And I do. He laughs at my concession and contentment warms my belly.  Peter has a beautiful laugh.
By the end of the night, I have spent all of my money. I bought three bundles of goodies that I can’t wait to eat. Carmen dropped a grand on a sea shell necklace. Danny didn’t bid at all. She just placed the contents of the envelope in the basket. Eliza walked away with the pound cake and a homemade organic bath set.  We laugh as Peter and Malcolm escort us to the stretch limo. As soon as we are herded into the limo, Otis takes off and I realize something. For the first time since prom, I’m absolutely content.
Chapter 8

“Hello.” There is no reason for someone to be calling me this early. Its 5:32 in the morning and last night, the girls and I stayed up watching movies and munching on buttery popcorn.  I’ve only been asleep for three hours.
“Chelsea, I need to talk to you,” Adam says. For a moment, I'm tempted to see what he wants. That wouldn’t make Ivy happy. I bet if she saw my number on his call log, she would flip. But, then, I remember what Adam told me.  “Ivy is cool. She really is. But she isn’t you. And you aren’t her.” He can’t make up his mind. Neither of us are enough for him on our own. I can't bear it, so I hang up the phone. I don’t want to share a boyfriend with Ivy. I want Adam to choose me over her. Maybe because no one has ever done that.
Thanks to Adam, sleep is out of the question. Every time I close my eyes, images of Adam and Ivy embracing fills my subconscious. A half an hour after I avoided Adam's call, I’m restless. It occurs to me that I live in a huge mansion. Why not get a work out by walking through the whole thing?  After slipping on a pair of black flip flops, I leave my room and go down the hallway. The third floor has three long hallways. I can either go left or right. I go left, and end up at a stairwell. I bypass the second floor. That’s where the Grinch sleeps. Referring to her as the Grinch after everything feels wrong. A disapproving image of Peter flickers through my mind. He wouldn’t have referred to anyone with a bad name no matter the circumstances. Knowing him, he would have forgiven Grandmother by now. I immediately push that thought out of my mind and focus on the present.  Instead, an idea hits.  I'm craving snacks. After we had arrived home, grandma had demanded that we give our snacks to the kitchen. Apparently, she is a huge proponent of sharing. It’s selfish, but that bugs me. It may sound ridiculous, but the snacks that Peter baked should have been in my room. Touching the basket that the food came in made me feel closer to him. Maybe, I could steal the basket back from the kitchen.
 I have apparently gone down too far.  Instead of finding the exit to the first floor, I’m standing in front of a door that requires a key. So this is where the swimming pool is. I rush back to my room, change into a one piece, and head back to the pool.  
 The water is cold. I haven’t gotten used to it yet.  It takes a minute. When everything is settled, I begin to swim. I pause when I hear voices coming from the other side of the door.
“Dean, I need you to be quiet,” Tia whines.  Who’s Dean? Is he the mystery thief? Tia had probably accused me of something she had done herself.  My pulse begins speeding up. Fear begins to take hold of me until I remind myself that these are preppy rich kids I’m afraid of. For goodness sakes, I have been attacked by a career criminal and survived. They will pose no danger to me.
“Do we have enough,” a guy’s voice asks.
“Most likely,” Tia says as the door to the room opens. I don’t care that Tia can see me as I swim to the steps and climb out. Tia is eying me with a grin. Dean stands beside her, his eyes both wide and appreciative all at once.
“I thought I saw you come in here, Chelsea,” Tia says as she lays a blanket on the ground and sits. Dean, a tall guy with skin the color of peanut butter and the warmest brown eyes I’ve ever seen sits beside Tia. He is holding a bag of popcorn in one hand, and a brown paper bag in another.
“Who is he?” I ask Tia suspiciously. She looks at me, her blue eyes wide and innocent.
“Carmen’s cousin. He’s visiting for a week.”   So this isn’t the robber. It can’t be. If Tia’s telling the truth, Dean hasn’t been here long enough. 
“What are you two up to?” Dean smirks.
“I saw you running to the pool and texted Dean. We were both having a hard time sleeping and decided to join you!” Tia explains this as if we are best friends who hang out all the time. 
“I wanted to raid the kitchen at first. Then, I saw the door to the pool and couldn’t resist. After all, I am meeting Adam so that we can make out,” I snap.  
“Tia swallows then straightens.
“Chelsea, I was mistaken. I’m sorry. Can you just let it go?” Her apology causes me to stare at her. People have done wrong to me, but their apologies seem forced. The remorse in Tia’s blue eyes say something different. But I’m not ready yet. It isn’t easy for me to forgive her.
“Fine. I…” The words can’t come out of my mouth. So I do what I always do. I change the subject. “When did you get in, Dean?”
“Yesterday.  I was helping Uncle Vincent with a few things. That’s why you haven’t seen me around,” Dean explains.
“Oh. So, you two know that you can’t eat before a swim. Right?” Both of them nod at me.
“I’m hungry,” Tia whines and grabs a handful of popcorn and begins stuffing her face. Dean looks at Tia with disbelief. 
“I can’t believe this. A girl who is always worried about calorie intake is eating the most buttery popcorn imaginable.”
“What’s in the paper bag?” I ask. Dean smirks and pulls out two chocolate cookies. He breaks one in half and hands it to me. I snack on the cookie and can appreciate the rich chocolate taste.
“Oh, this is paradise,” I say between bites. The door opens again and Eliza, Carmen, and Danny enter. They are also in swim suits. They look at me with relief.
“I wanted to go for an early morning swim,” Eliza explains.
“I couldn’t sleep. Adam decided to call me,” I say and everyone including Dean gives me a “how dare he” look. After kissing her cousin on the cheek, Carmen jumps in the pool. Danny follows and the pair begins to swim with abandon. Eliza eyes Tia.
“Hi Tia.” Tia glares at her. The pair doesn’t like one another. That’s over.
“What do you want, Eliza?” Tia asks with a whine.  She asks the question as if Eliza is a pesky fly that can’t seem to leave her alone.
“Nothing. I’m just being friendly. Are you going for a swim?” Eliza asks Tia.
“No.”
“Your loss,” Eliza says before jumping into the pool, sending water everywhere. Since I hardly know Dean and Tia is my least favorite person, I jump back into the pool. Eliza is splashing everyone. She gets me in the face. The chlorine laced water fills my mouth and nose. I splutter and curse. Eliza laughs, as if all of this is funny.
“Eliza, stop splashing me,” Danny snaps. The girl doesn’t listen. She fires round after round of water at us, while we all try to scurry away. At one point, I’m in the deep end. No one follows me, probably because I’m the best swimmer. It’s quiet over here. Thoughts of Adam and what he is doing fills my mind. They are replaced with Malcolm and how weird he was toward me on the night of the charity event. Usually, people hate me once we meet. But Malcolm despised me before he laid eyes on my face. I asked Danny why Malcolm couldn’t stand the air I breathed. She said, “That’s between you and Malcolm. I’m not getting involved.” Her words irked me. So much for being my friend. Now Danny became one of my least favorite friends. I know that she probably wanted to avoid conflict, but how could she be crazy about someone who had been so rude to me?
“Tia!” Dean’s frantic voice calls as I hear a splash followed by horrified screams. The sound comes from behind me. I turn around and shoot across the pool, expecting something bad. I stop when I see air bubbles. Someone is drowning. Taking a huge gulp of air, I dunk. It’s difficult to find the drowning person at first. Something hits me hard in the back. Someone’s flailing arms. The pain doesn’t register. I'm just relieved that I found her. I reach and latch on to a foot.  That’s no good. I want a hand. But it seems like life doesn’t always work that way. With my other hand, I reach forward and finally find the drowning victim’s waist. With all my might, I push for the surface. When my face touches air, I open my eyes and suck in air.  I look down at the girl I’m holding and see that it’s Tia.
“Tia,” I hear Carmen screech. Danny and Eliza’s voices join the chorus. Dean stands by the pool, looking helpless. He can’t swim.
“I’ve got her,” I yell. Suddenly, all of the girls notice me. Carmen swims over to us and helps me swim a coughing Tia to the stairs. Dean climbs down the steps and lifts Tia out of the water. He runs out of the pool, as if the devil is chasing him and places her on the blanket. I suck in a deep breath, suddenly tired from the effort. Saving her had been a work out.
“Are you okay?” Carmen asks.
“Fine,” I breathlessly say. “What happened?”
“Eliza got out of the pool and stole some popcorn. Tia made some comment about Eliza’s weight. Eliza told her to stuff it. Tia got in her face and Eliza shoved her into the pool. Tia isn’t a good swimmer so she began drowning.” Carmen has an expression of irritation on her face as she’s recounting the story.  I don’t fault her for being irritated. Like her or not, Tia almost died. Had I not been there, she may have not been rescued in time.
“Tia, Calm down,” Dean shouts. Tia begins crying hysterically. She’s trying to stand. But, Danny and Dean are trying to get her to keep on lying down on the blanket.  Tia’s crying turns into blood curdling shrieks.
“Let me go,” she screams. Carmen rushes to her side. I’m frozen. Seriously, what am I supposed to do? It isn’t like my presence would comfort Tia.
“Tia, be quiet. You’ll wake up Grandma,” Carmen pleads. I glance at the door and see that it’s already too late. Grandmother Betty and Otis stand in the doorway, their eyes studying the situation.
“You don’t understand. I’m pregnant. What if my baby is dead?” Tia’s worry causes us all to be silent. Someone behind me gasps. I slowly turn around and see Eliza with tears in her eyes.
“I didn’t mean to hurt her,” Eliza whispers. She looks so vulnerable. And I feel bad for her.
“She will be fine,” I lie. Honestly, a fall like that couldn’t be   good for a fetus.
“No need to panic,” Carmen says gently.  “We can go to a hospital. A doctor can check you out.” The old woman steps forward and Eliza notices her and curses.
“Dean, what’s going on?” grandmother demands. Dean explains what had happened and when he gets to the part about me rescuing Tia, the woman stares at me with frost in her eyes.
“Tia, get up, get dressed, and meet me in the kitchen,” my grandmother snaps before spinning on her heels and walking out of the room.
No one says a word. Dean helps Tia up and escorts her out of the room. Carmen stands there, staring at the door as if it has all of the answers. Danny looks shocked beyond belief. Eliza has made her way out of the pool and is pacing back and forth. She doesn’t know how to handle this. Clearly, no one expected Tia to be pregnant.  I’m not so shocked. She’s a seventeen year old girl with hormones. That doesn’t make her being pregnant okay. In fact, she has just given herself a huge disadvantage.  If her parents disinherit her, she will be on her own. It seems like this family would shun someone for sneezing at a fancy dinner. So the girl will probably be out of all of her riches. Since swimming has no appeal for me at the moment, I get out of the pool and get a fresh towel from the well stock shelves and wrap it around myself.
“What next?” Eliza asks. Danny glares at her.
“This is all your fault, Eliza. Someone is going to lose their baby and it’s your fault. Do you ever think before you do something?” Danny demands.  Eliza pales. She doesn’t know how to handle Danny. That’s more than obvious. “If we would have stayed in bed, none of this would have happened.
“I didn’t mean for this to happen. You make it seem like I did this on purpose,” Eliza fires back. Danny laughs sarcastically.
“Oh, please. So you accidentally shoved her in the pool?” Danny hisses.
“She called me fat. There was no way Tia was going to get away with that. She…”
“Eliza, save it. I don’t want to hear it. Let’s go, Carmen,” Danny says, before looping her arm through Carmen’s and taking off. Now, it’s just me and Eliza here. I stare at her.
“Want to hang in my room for a while? We can order breakfast and watch funny YouTube videos.” Eliza nods and follows me out.
Eliza grabs clothes from her room and we get to mine and take turns showering. We both change into sweat pants and t-shirts.  We sit on my bed. I don’t bother turning on the Mac. Eliza doesn’t look like she is capable of watching anything. She is acting downright depressed. In that moment, my dislike for Danny grows. Why does she have to make this situation worse? It isn’t like Tia lost her baby. We don’t know what the future holds. She should have held the lecture until we got the results. Now, Eliza is beating herself up for an honest mistake.
“It isn’t your fault,” I say, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. Eliza begins to cry. She can’t hold the tears in anymore.
“I… Didn’t… Mean… It… I… Feel… So… Bad…” Her words come out choppy.  It seems like it takes her effort to speak through the sobs. Amy walks in carrying an oversized tray. While Eliza was in the shower, I asked Amy if she could order a fruity breakfast for Eliza. She’s a big fan of fruit salad, blueberry pancakes and loves raspberry tea.  Amy sets the items on the table and hands me a box of tissues and kicks the waste basket toward me. I hand Eliza tissues and she uses them and then dumps them in the trash can.
“Eliza, it’s all right. You didn’t know Tia was pregnant. And besides, some of this is her fault. Why would she provoke you by calling you fat? She had to know you would push her in a pool. In my opinion, she wasn’t thinking about her baby when she started making fun of you,” I plead.
“Danny’s right. I’m stupid.” I shake my head at her and pat her back.
“Stop this. Your blueberry pancakes are getting cold.” Eliza perks up, just like I thought she would. We make our way to the table and we both devour breakfast. I’m eating chocolate chipped pancakes, ham, eggs, and hash browns. As I’m cutting my pancakes, there is a knock on the door.
“Come in,” I say. Peter enters, holding a brown paper bag. He’s just the person that I wanted to see. He’s followed by a more built version of Peter. He’s two inches taller and his dark hair touches the tops of his shoulders.
“Chelsea, hi. My uncle is still doing work. I came along with hopes that I could see you. This is my cousin Nathan. Nathan, this is Chelsea and her cousin Eliza.”
“Is Malcolm here?” I ask, suddenly worried. Peter’s face darkens for a moment before he nods. Eliza rubs her eyes and stairs at our visitor.
“Hi Nathan, I’m Eliza. Want to arm wrestle?” Eli is terrible at flirting.  Amy comes in and ushers the two boys to the love seat. They sit and then are given trays to eat their take out. When Amy leaves, Nathan walks over to Eliza and ruffles her hair.
“Ma’am, I would beat you in two seconds,” Nathan teases, in an awful southern drawl. She giggles. I’m relieved to hear Eliza’s laughter.
“Hey, Chelsea, want to join me?” Peter shouts this question and Eliza nods as if she was the one being asked. I pick up my plate and cup and walk over to Peter. Thank goodness, Nathan has left his tray on the love seat. Peter moves the tray so I can sit. Then he gently places it on my lap and I put my food on it. He hands me an oversized chocolate chipped muffin and I take a bite and nod in thanks.
“Want some of my food?” I ask. He nods and we split breakfast. He feeds me a bite before feeding himself a bite. The whole episode causes my heart to beat faster. I can’t even hear what’s going on with Nathan and Eliza. It’s like I’m only aware of Peter.  His scent, which is a mixture of laundry detergent, soap, cologne, and something male smells so wonderful. If I could, I would spend the whole day inhaling him.
“The muffin is tasty,” I say after we begin to take bites of it.
“Lilly bakes them nice and huge. I thought you would appreciate them,” he explains.
“How’s Hope?” I ask, remembering the gratitude in Lilly’s eyes. Peter smiles.
“She’s doing well! We raised twenty thousand dollars at the charity event. Most people donated in the donation box. Though, we made a good amount from the auction.” He winks. I can’t miss the pride in his dark eyes.
“You were the one that organized it?”
“Malcolm was, though I helped. My father didn’t think that it would make much money. He didn’t get the point. When he found out about the twenty thousand dollars we raised… You should have seen the look on his face,” Peter laughs.
“Your father isn’t supportive?” I wonder.
“Yes, but he is practical where Malcolm is emotional. I love my brother, but his sensitivity has made him make dumb choices,” Peter admits.
“Does he still hate me?” That question makes him sigh.
“Malcolm doesn’t hate you. He just thinks that you’re selfish,” Peter explains right before he takes a healthy bite of the muffin.
“Why am I selfish?” Honestly, the thought pisses me off. Who is Malcolm to say if I’m selfish or not.
“Hey, I asked him that myself. I told him that he must have gotten it wrong. You can be a bit dramatic at times. But…” I playfully shove his shoulders before he could finish his sentence. Peter laughs and playfully yanks my hair out of its ponytail. I squeal as he holds the hair tie out of reach.
“Hey! Give it back,” I yell. He doesn’t listen. Instead, Peter places the hair tie in his pocket.
“You are most beautiful when your hair is down,” he says as his eyes begin to fill with heat. Wait! Peter Jacobs thinks I’m pretty? His words cause my heart to beat faster. Butterflies begin to perform aerobics in my stomach. Suddenly, I’m aware of him, sitting so close. The moment is broken when Amy comes in to collect the empty dishes. She smiles at us and then exits.
“So, what are you doing today?” I ask him after two minutes of us staring at one another.
“I’m not sure. I was hoping to hang out with you. But…”
“I would love that!” I exclaim enthusiastically.
Chapter 9

Nathan and Eliza go for a walk, leaving Peter and I alone. We stay in the love seat, chatting about absolutely nothing.
“Why did you and Lilly break up? She’s such a nice girl,” I randomly ask.  Peter chuckles.
“Do you want the short or long version?” he asks.
“I want the long version.” He might as well. We have all day to hang out. Amy has told one of the drivers to take Peter back when he’s finished hanging out with me.
“Well, it all began on Halloween two years ago.”
“You broke up two years ago?” Peter gently taps my nose.
“Chelsea, if I’m telling you about my break up, I’m doing so in my own way. Okay?”
“Okay,” a chuckle escapes me.
“So it all begins on Halloween of my sophomore year. I had cancer,” he says and I gasp. “Lung cancer to be exact. I have one lung, but we will get to that later. Anyways, I was in the hospital, getting chemo treatments. It was awful. I could remember sitting on the floor, having those nasty chemicals poisoning my body. Every time I went, someone kept me company. This particular week, Nathan was with me. A beautiful girl walked over to me and handed me a goody bag. She was apparently passing out goodies to every luckless soul suffering through chemo. I converse with her and she says that her name is Lilly. We chat, exchange numbers, then, go on dates. When I’m in remission, she throws me a You Beat Cancer party! Over the span of two years, she’s there for me. We laugh, joke, and have fun. Then, Lilly meets my best friend Patrick.  Unfortunately for me, they have more in common. But Lilly didn’t have the heart to break things off with me. Especially after her cousin Hope gets cancer. Let me tell you, she felt a ton of guilt for seeing Patrick. She actually thought that breaking things off with me would kill me.”  Peter begins to laugh. His laugh is so infectious that I join in.  We both laugh until we can’t laugh any more. “Anyways, I find out through Malcolm. He works at the movie theater and caught them kissing.  When I see Patrick, I punch him in the face and it all goes to hell.” Peter stops recounting his story and gazes at me with wonder. “And then, a girl is attacked. I see it all happening from my window. Lilly gets to her first. But when I rescue her, she stares up at me with such beautiful hazel eyes and I’m lost.” His words are filled with fondness. No one has ever described my eyes as beautiful before. I don’t think twice. I kiss Peter. The kiss is nothing that I ever felt before. Something in me springs alive. I can feel his hands gently running through my hair. His mouth tastes of chocolate and mint. His kisses feel like they are trying to tell me something. When his tongue dances with mine, the rhythm is graceful. There is no aggression. Just sweetness. When we pull apart, Peter smirks.
“I didn’t expect that,” he admits.
“Well, things happen,” I tease as I brush a lock of his dark hair out of his face. Peter brushes his lips against my knuckles.
“I’m tired,” I yawn, as I sag against him. Peter chuckles.
“Did you have a late night?” he asks. I tell Peter about what happened at the pool. Suddenly, anxiety fills me. I sure hope that Tia’s baby is all right. The fall couldn’t have been good for her. Peter can see the anxiety in my face. He smiles at me before bowing his head and whispering a prayer. After opening his eyes, he looks sheepish.
“That always makes me feel better,” he admits. And that’s when I am amazed with Peter Jacobs. He is an incredible person. I marvel that after going through cancer, he didn’t stop believing in God. I on the other hand let my faith slip away. Church became unimportant with everything else going on. Peter makes me want to be a better person.
“So I take it that Danny isn’t your favorite person?” Peter asks as he wraps an arm around me.
“No. She shouldn’t have yelled at Eliza like that.” Peter nods.
“What’s done is done. There was no need for that lecture. Danny came by yesterday. She had lunch with us. Mom likes her,” Peter tells me. He seems very amazed by that.
“Do you think that she’s going to like me?” I ask.
“Yes. Mom will love you,” he assures me as he brushes his lips across my forehead. The thought of meeting his mother terrifies me. When I dated Adam, making a good impression on his father wasn’t much of a concern. Mr. Smith is a drunk. Who is he to judge?
“What if she doesn’t like me?” My question causes Peter to chuckle. I guess this is humorous to him.
“What if your mother doesn’t like me?” That’s unlikely. Mom would let me date a bum, as long as it isn’t Adam. Let’s just say that my ex-boyfriend won’t be missed by any of my family members. Grandmother and Mom rarely agree on anything. But they both told me that Adam was no good for me. I wonder if they are right.
“Mom will love you,” I assure him as the door flies open. Danny stands in the doorway, her judging eyes studying our closeness on the couch.
“What happened to Adam?” Danny asks. She knows that Adam is in the past. But it appears that Danny will drag him out anyways. She doesn’t like the fact that Peter and I are together. Maybe Malcolm has influenced her in some way.
“We broke up. You know that.” My words come out in a fiery rush. Danny sighs.
“Where’s Eliza?” she asks. I frown.
“I don’t know.” Saying I don’t know is better than telling Danny that Eliza went for a walk with Nathan. She would make the girl feel all kinds of bad if she finds out that Eliza is having a good time.
“Tia’s back from the hospital. All is well with the baby. She’s three months along,” Danny reports. She tells me the news as if I should feel guilty that while Tia was in the hospital, I was enjoying my time with Peter. But I don’t. I saved Tia’s life. Peter is my reward.
“Oh,” is all I can say.
“Where is she?” Peter asks, concern filling his face. Now that Tia and the child are all right, Danny has to leave. There is so much for me and Peter to talk about. We still need to get to know each other.
“She’s in her room. She’s up for visitors if you want to say hello,” She says shooting me a sly smile. Peter being the sweet guy he is insists on seeing Tia. We both follow Danny to the Elevator. Tia lives directly under me and the door is ajar, so Danny doesn’t bother knocking. She shoves it open as she announces, “Tia, you have a visitor.” When we walk into the Room, Tia is sitting up. She has a pink comforter covering her legs. Her black hair is up in a ponytail. The girl looks frightened. Peter and I sit in the love seat.  Danny stands in the doorway, making the situation awkward.
“How are you feeling?” Peter asks as he places his arm around my shoulder. My cousin’s blue eyes fill with worry.
“Daddy isn’t happy with me. He wants me to get an abortion. When the doctor told him I was too far along, Dad punched a wall,” she tells us. Danny gasps. Apparently, she hasn’t heard this story yet. For a moment, I wonder if my cousin is just telling us an over dramatized version of what happened. After all, Tia has been known to let her imagination go wild.
“What do you want to do about the baby?” Danny asks. I could see the judgment in her eyes. Tia’s so stupid, why did she put herself in this situation. Danny loves to condemn people for their mistakes.  I wonder how she’s going to act when she makes a mistake of her own.
“I want to keep her,” Tia whines, as she rubs her belly. Peter looks as if he’s about to say something but Danny beats him to it.
“What about school, college, and your career? You can’t go to school and take care of a baby. Especially if your father doesn’t want you keeping the baby,” she points out. Since Tia is hormonal, she begins to cry. Anger fills me. I glare at Danny.
“Would you please stop being so judgmental?” I hiss. Danny frowns at me and looks as if she wants to argue. But she doesn’t. She turns and leaves the room, slamming the door behind her. I walk over to Tia and sit beside her. I gently pat her back and tell her everything is alright. Thankfully, her tears don’t take overly long to subside.
“Chelsea, Danny’s right. What am I going to do?” Tia’s question is filled with panic. Peter responds.
“You should make a list of all of your options. There has got to be some resources out there for teenage mothers.” Tia stops and considers Peter’s suggestion for a minute.
Grandma told me that she would hire me a nanny if I needed it. At least she isn’t cutting me off,” Tia says. The feeling is irrational, but bitterness fills me. My parents were cut off after they married. Fine, they were step cousins. But they weren’t blood relatives. Grandma couldn’t stand my mother and felt like my father betrayed the family by marrying her.  But this girl gets pregnant and nothing happens to her? Why? What makes Tia Philips so special?
“What about the baby’s father?” Peter asks. Tia sighs.
“Lenny wants nothing to do with the baby. He doesn’t want to lose his job,” Tia whines. Her words make me feel uneasy. What could Lenny do that would jeopardize his job. Unless he isn’t a teenager.
“What does Lenny do?” I softly ask Tia. I’m stroking her hair, trying to calm her down.
“He’s my gym teacher. We’re in love,” she tells us.
My cousin is stupid. She actually thinks her teacher loves her? I can’t believe what I’m hearing.
“Tia…”
“Oh. So I’m assuming you haven’t told your parents about your relationship yet?” Peter interrupts me before I can talk some sense into her.
“I told my dad about our relationship after he found out about the pregnancy. He wasn’t happy. But I think he’ll get over it,” Tia brightens. Grandmother Betty strolls in and smiles at Tia but scowls at me. Now that’s my cue. She probably wants to talk to my cousin alone.
“Adam called you today. Do you want to explain why?” Grandmother asks as she sits at the table. Her question throws me off guard. Her seventeen year old granddaughter is pregnant and she wants to ask about Adam?
“I don’t know. I hung up on him,” I respond. Peter frowns. He apparently doesn’t approve of me hanging up on Adam. One would think he would be glad that I’m not talking to Adam.
“You saw him at the charity event?” she inquires.
“For a brief moment. I broke it off with him,” I defend as my gut begins to turn. One of the four girls ratted me out. My money is on Danny.  She probably thought that she was doing the right thing by telling the Grinch.
“Chelsea, I want you to stay away from that boy. Your parents and I are in agreement.” How dare she? She doesn’t even know the guy and she’s passed judgment upon him. Why? Adam isn’t perfect. But he has his nice moments. Okay, he cheated and even I am thinking that he’s a jerk. But I deserve to think that. Adam has hurt me time and time again. But Grandmother hasn’t had the chance to talk to him.  In fact, she accused him of stealing from her.
“Yes Grandmother,” I say beginning the mantra again. I want to yell at her and tell her to get lost, but Peter’s here. He’s already seen me at my lowest.
“Don’t make me change your phone number,” she warns.
“Okay,” I say, hoping we can drop this.
“Tia, how are you feeling?” she asks my cousin. Her eyes are warm when they fall on Tia.  That hurts.
“I’m fine. I was just telling Peter and Chelsea about the baby’s father,” Tia confesses. The Grinch looks interested. Suddenly, I want to leave. It doesn’t matter how much grandmother loves Tia, she will explode.
“Lenny,” my cousin answers excitedly.
“Lenny who?” Grandmother demands.
“Lenny King. He’s my gym teacher. He…” The Grinch begins shouting.
“What? You were with your teacher? Tia, how could you?” Peter and I stand and discretely slip from the room. Danny and Malcolm are in the elevator when we step on. It’s awkward and it’s clear that we had just interrupted a conversation.
“Hey Malcolm,” Peter greets. His brother ignores him. It’s obvious that Malcolm doesn’t like his brother’s choice in girl.  Peter scowls. The door opens accompanied by a ding and all of us spill out. Danny pauses in front of me.
“How’s Tia?” she asks tentatively.
“Not good. Grandmother’s yelling at her.” I wince as I remember the sound.
“Why?” Danny asks. She looks genuinely concerned. It isn’t my place to tell Danny who the baby’s father is. But if I don’t tell her, someone else might. The truth might be twisted and melded into a different story.
“Tia told her who the baby’s father was,” I reluctantly say. Danny’s dark eyes widen. Apparently, this is a new development.
“Who is he?” Carmen asks as she appears around a corner.  That girl is so sneaky.
“Her gym teacher. I forgot his name,” I say, pulling Peter down the hallway. I’ve had enough. Besides, Peter will be gone soon. No need wasting time with drama that could be best dealt with later.
“You don’t know your cousins well?” Peter asks as we settled back on the love seat.
“No. The only cousin that I’ve ever known is my cousin Rain.  I haven’t known Carmen, Eliza, and Tia long.” Then, I proceed to tell Peter everything that happened.
“Have you ever had a real conversation with your grandmother?” Peter inquires.
“Not really. She is too judgmental to talk to.” Even as those words left my mouth, I regret them because grandmother and I have had at least one conversation. When the woman with far too many names introduced herself to me. It’s weird how eccentric my other grandmother is. Maybe, someday the opportunity will present itself and we can meet again. Is she as judgmental as Grandmother Betty? Was my Grandfather in love with her? Cheating is wrong no matter the reason. But I couldn’t help but wonder if Grandpa cheating had something to do with the Grinch’s cranky attitude.
“What are you thinking?” Peter asks.
“I’m thinking that I’m ready for this day to be over. It has been too exciting for my taste. I just want to wind down, take a nice nap and…” Amy waltzes in, making me pause. She isn’t alone, Uncle Eric trails in behind her. The maid is holding a tray with the cheeseburger that I wanted for dinner.  Eric looks tired and drained. His blue eyes are filled with anxiety.
“Peter, Otis will take you and your brother home now,” Amy says. Peter stands, brushes a kiss on my cheek, and leaves the room.
“I wanted to talk to you alone,” Eric announces. Amy, getting the hint leaves the room. Uncle Eric sits at the table and I join him. Is it rude to eat when he has nothing in front of him? Probably. But I’m hungry so dig in anyways.
“Have you spoken to your dad?” Eric asks. He hasn’t once asked about my father. I’m not sure how to react.
“Yes,” I say.  He looks impatient and edgy. That causes my gut to twist. Why does he care? Eric out of all people should have fought to stay in my father’s life. Eric is my father’s twin.
“How is the job search going for your parents?” Eric asks.
“I don’t know.” Okay, in fact, I do know how the job/ relocation search is going. Well. My parents are in Minneapolis. They are working and saving money.  Anxiety fills Eric which makes me inwardly smile. He just wants a peace of mind. How cute?  Although he has been nice to me, he isn’t going to get it. I continue eating, at that moment hating that things aren’t the same.   Why couldn’t I be in my house eating dinner with mom? Why couldn’t I Skype Tiller and talk about my oh so interesting day? My brother has decided to spend the summer with his best friend Kelly. The two boys are working in Ocean city. Why couldn’t the anticipation for Adam to call me fill my belly? At that moment, I would give anything to be with Adam. And since I’m supposed to be thinking of Peter, this is a huge problem.
“I hope they find something. I know Ian, he’ll find something. Your grandmother was thinking of inviting them to live here.” He looks as though his twin living in this mansion would be the biggest blessing. I being so wrapped up in what I use to have don’t share that sentiment.
“Well, he won’t come back here,” I say in a hostile tone. Uncle Eric winces which makes me feel bad. He is the nice uncle, the one that bought me a computer. Why is the impulse to be horrible to him so strong?
“I know. Ian is prideful. He wouldn’t dare come back here,” Eric somberly declares.
“He’ll be fine. He has a prospect in Minneapolis. But I’m not sure what it is,” I say quickly. Eric smiles.
“When we were boys, mom and dad use to take us to the Minneapolis state fair. Maybe we can all go,” he suggests. I have no interest in leaving the state. He has to understand that.
“Maybe.” My answer is noncommittal and Uncle Eric knows that. He abruptly stands, Kisses me on the cheek and walks away.
It has been too long of a day. I run a bath and soak. Afterword’s, I blow dry my hair and tuck myself into bed. The phone rings just as I’m about to fall asleep. I double tap on the screen without reading the display.
“Hi,” Adam greets. So he isn’t going away. In my heart of hearts, I don’t want him to.

Chapter 10

Today is the best day ever! It is full of rainbows and beautiful flowers. Hell, throw in a few happy, soft, cuddly, kittens. That’s the kind of mood that I awake in. Putting on a blue sun dress, I eat breakfast, which is a gigantic blueberry muffin, courtesy of Amy, and decide on a walk. I have just gotten off the elevator when Grandmother Betty appears in front of me. She is wearing a cotton dress and her gray hair is up in a brutal bun. Otis stands beside her scowling as always. I want to glare at the man, but my mood is that great. Nothing can bring it down! Nothing at all!
“Otis can’t drive you around anymore,” she says. This woman is seriously an ice queen. There is no emotion or regret in her eyes. She is frigid. That suits her just fine.
“Yes grandmother,” I say. She sighs and hands a set of keys to me.
“Happy birthday Chelsea. Here is your present. Peter helped me pick it out. It’s a red convertible. Otis will show you where to go.”
“Thank you Grandma!”  I squeal, clutching the keys to my chest. Having a car means freedom. Otis can’t report where I go anymore.  I pause for a moment, realizing that I have just called my grandmother, grandma. The excitement must have gotten to my head.
Sitting in the driver seat of my new car, I plug my Iphone in, intending on blasting music. But then it occurs to me that I have nowhere to go. Well, this could be remedied.
“Hi!” Adam sounds excited.
“Guess who is coming to Elmview,” I say. There is an awkward silence on the line.
“When will you be here?” Adam asks. 
“Grandma bought me a car for my birthday. I figure that I could stop by and see you,” I say.
“I’m at work. Can we meet for lunch?” Adam asks.
“Sure. Where?”
“Larry’s,” Adam responds and my face lights up.
It’s fun driving again. It’s nice outside so the top is down. The breeze caresses my face as I drive toward Elmview. When Adam sees the car he’s going to cry with envy. I pull into “Larry’s” and slip out of the car.
“Chelsea?” Lilly asks as she gets out of a Honda with one of her friends. She stares at me and the car as if not working out why I’m here.
“Hey,” I say. My heart is pounding. But then, I tell myself to calm down. It’s only Lilly. So what if she tells Peter that Adam and I are eating lunch? Worst comes to worst, I’ll tell him it isn’t true.  He won’t believe the girl that hooked up with his best friend. I rush into the cozy restaurant and see Adam sitting in a booth. I join him and grin. He’s already ordered a strawberry lemonade for me.
“You look beautiful today,” Adam says as he stares at me.
“I don’t look beautiful every day?” I tease. Adam frowns.
“Not really. When you wear sweats, you look homeless.” His comment stings. But there is no time to argue with him about it. Joan, our usual waitress comes to take our order.
“Hi honey. What can I get for you?” she asks Adam.
“I want a small pepperoni Pizza and Chelsea wants a double cheeseburger with bacon,” Adam responds. Him ordering for me kinds of irks me.  How did he know I wanted a cheeseburger? Ok, I love cheeseburgers, but what gives him the right to do that? The memory of Peter and how he lets me order my own meal makes me long for him. It’s strange. But I suddenly don’t want to be here with Adam, the guy who thinks that I look like a bum in sweat pants. I want to be with the guy that thinks that I’m the best thing since sliced bread.
“What are you thinking about?” Adam asks before taking a sip of my lemonade. He always does that. He can’t make up his mind between sprite and Strawberry lemonade. I order the strawberry lemonade and he gets the sprite. He can just take a sip out of my drink whenever he pleases. I can’t help but think about how things are different with Peter. He always seems to know what he wants. No! Thinking of the boy with the beautiful dark eyes isn’t helping. No matter what feelings you have for him, Adam is what you want. I couldn’t deny that anymore. The beautiful blue eyed boy sitting in front of me is who I want. I vow not to think about Peter again. And that only makes me wonder if Peter is thinking about Ivy. Once that door opens, plenty of insecurities pour out.
“Do you think Ivy is prettier than me?” I ask, feeling vulnerable. I don't even know why it matters, but I just have to know.
“No. Chelsea, looks have nothing to do with why I couldn’t leave her alone. It’s just that when you’re so far away, I’m alone. It kills me to be alone. It kills me to be without you. Chelsea, I know that I don’t deserve it. You don’t trust me, I’ve cheated on you, and I haven’t been the kindest to you. Breaking up with me was the best thing you could have done for me. So, will you take me back?” The waitress puts our food in front of us, winks at me, then, heads off.  I’ve gotten everything I’ve wanted for my seventeenth birthday, a car, lunch, and Adam.
“Yes,” I say. Adam smiles.
“Of course you’re giving me a chance. Chelsea, I am not good enough for you,” Adam admits.
“Don’t forget it,” I say as I pop a fry into my mouth. The rest of lunch is filled with playful banter. Adam has to go back to the hardware store. He can’t hang tonight because he has something to do with his dad. I’m not disappointed. Maybe the girls and I can grab dinner or something. Adam walks me to the car and plants a gentle kiss on my lips. Kissing him is like a drug. A simple peck just isn’t enough. But, Adam has to go.
With nowhere to go, I decide to drive to O’Malley’s. Maybe if I buy some stuff, the cook will let me bake. That sounds promising. Being inside the store brings upon a sense of nostalgia. How many times have I went here to find solace, when I got kicked off the squad?  When Ivy stole my boyfriend, after Teresa decided hanging with me was pointless and when everyone started treating me horribly. By habit, I go down the junk food aisle. I’m putting a bag of Smart Food in the cart when someone taps me on the shoulder. I spin around to see Peter’s smiling face.  Guilt smacks me in the gut, but I don’t let it show on my face. I smile, he smiles, and all appears to be well.
“Chelsea,” Peter says as he wraps me in a strong embrace. His touch makes nausea invade my stomach. The burger and fries leaves a bad taste in my mouth. After taking is familiar scent in my lungs, the sickness subsides and I cling to him just as tightly. My head rests on his chest and the thump, thump, thump, of his heart is reassuring.
“Peter, it’s nice to see you,” I say against his chest. Peter brushes his lips against the top of my head and I shiver. He releases me and brushes his lips against my cheek. His lips brand my skin and the feeling makes it difficult to speak.
“Happy birthday! So, what is the birthday girl in Elmview for?” Peter’s question is playful. It’s also a good opening. Just say it Chelsea. Just say that you got back with Adam. Come on. Don’t be a coward. You have to let Peter know that nothing could ever happen between the two of you.
“You have a shirt on,” I say instead. Peter stares at me and laughs. His laughter is like a soothing bomb to my heart. His eyes fill with affection for me.
“Oh Chelsea. Don’t avoid the question,” he says as he taps my nose with his index finger. I can’t do this. Peter will know about Adam. He has to. Hopefully, we can be friends.
“I had lunch with Adam.” Peter’s face closes up and he sighs.
“When Lilly told me, I was hoping that it wasn’t true,” he admits.
“It is. I…”
“Peter!” Malcolm calls as he rounds the corner, pulling a cart full of groceries. Peter’s brother looks surprised to see me.
“Oh, hi Chelsea. What brings you here?” Oh great. Malcolm starts to like me when it doesn’t matter anymore. How great.
“Malcolm, can you give Chelsea and I a minute?” Peter asks.
“I’ll pay and meet you in the car,” Malcolm says before driving off. I begin walking down the aisle, tossing in whatever I want.
“Did you get back with him?” Peter asks. I look in his haunted eyes and lie.
“No. It was just lunch,” I say.  Wow, so now I have two boyfriends. Not to worry, I’ll dump Adam. He won’t miss me. Note to self, just send him a text breaking it off.
“Lilly says she saw you two kissing.” Peter tells me.
“Lilly has quite the imagination,” I laugh, glancing at a pack of gummy worms. Yup, their friendship is over. Peter’s eyes are expressive, and they say Lilly has messed with his life for the last time.  I want to tell Peter that his friend is telling the truth. But there’s no way I’m losing him. He makes me happy. Then again, so does Adam. But Adam has Ivy and one touch from Peter makes me shiver. He is kind and Grandmother approves. And most importantly, he helped pick out the car.
“Chelsea, I trust you. I understand you and Adam have a history. But, next time give me the heads up when you two decide to have lunch. I don’t want to find out through other people,” he says. I nod and kiss his cheek. Peter relaxes and smirks.
“So, how did you get here?”
“Otis,” I tease. Peter looks confused. I laugh and say “Grandmother told me you helped pick out the car. Thank you for that.” Peter grins.
“Like it?” he asks.
“Yup. Now, I’m going upstairs to the baking aisle and am going to by all the pastry dishes and all of the dough my heart desires,” I say.
“Happy birthday baby,” Peter says before he kisses my lips. The contact is brief. And let me just say, it isn’t enough. I wrap my arms around his neck and pull his mouth to mine and our kiss is long and lingering.
“Peter, let’s go,” Malcolm hisses. Peter releases me with a joyful look on his face. His happiness warms my heart. Suddenly, I’m glad I didn’t tell Peter about the meaningless kiss.  That would have broken his heart.
After checking out and paying with the credit card that Grandma gave me, I carry my groceries to my car. On the windshield is a note. I pick it up and it has Peter’s name and an address.
“Come here when you’re done. I want to see you. Peter,” I read aloud. Smirking, I hop into the car and turn on the ignition. Adam needs to be dumped. Maybe going to the hardware store would be the best bet. He hardly ever uses his cell phone. And he is bad at answering texts. When I arrive at the   Wilson’s hardware store I groan as I park.  I see Lilly leaving the hardware store.  She looks agitated. When she spots me, her eyes are filled with contempt. So Peter has confronted her about the kiss. Great. Well, I have two options, ignore her, or pretend that she isn’t staring daggers at me. I smile at lily and approach.
“You kissed Adam,” Lilly hisses.
“Not like you think,” I defend.
“What’s your game Chelsea?” Lilly asks.
“I don’t have one. I just want my relationship with Peter to work.”
“If you do, I suggest you stop kissing other men,” Lilly advises. Something inside me breaks. How dare she? Lilly thinks she is all high and mighty. What gives her the right to judge me?
“How could you do that to Peter? After all he’s been through you hook up with his best friend?” Lilly’s green eyes fill with shame and they lower to the ground.  She has nothing to say about that.
“Chelsea,” Adam calls. He’s jogging toward me, a look of annoyance on his face.
“Hi Adam,” I say. Lilly walks off.
“What are you doing here?” Adam hisses. So he’s being his moody self-right now. At least that doesn’t make me feel bad.
“I…”
“I told you Chelsea, never visit me at work. Sometimes you can be so stupid.”
“Goodbye Adam. Lose my number and never call me again. We are over,” I say before going back into my convertible and driving off. Good, now, Peter is my only boyfriend.
Peter lives in a colonial in a decent side of town. The house is white with gray shingles. The lawn is neatly manicured and there are three cars in the driveway, a Pontiac, Toyota, and a Cadillac. I park in front of the house and get out. The sun is beating on me hard and sweat beads on my forehead.  It’s a good thing I’m not wearing any makeup. Peter is in the doorway smiling at me. I run to him and wrap my arms around him.
“Chelsea,” he says against my hair. I could stay there in his arms forever. Unfortunately, Peter releases me and we enter the house.
“Hello,” a woman greets. She is tall, round, and very beautiful. Her dark eyes study me.
“Hi,” I say.
“Mom, this is Chelsea,” Peter says fondly. His eyes are filled with pride and affection when he introduces us. I shake hands with the woman and Peter walks me through the living room where Malcolm and Danny are watching a movie. Danny smiles at me.
“Had I known you were going to Elmview, I would have caught a ride with you,” Danny tells me. She looks genuine, so I’m not on the offensive.
“Want to ride back with me?” I ask, not wanting Otis or Malcolm driving her back.
“Sure. Maybe we could grab some snacks on the way back. What do you say! A huge movie night for your birthday?” Danny asks. I smile. She’s obviously trying to bridge a gap between us.
“Sounds fun. I got some junk food at the grocery store. We can sort through it and pick up whatever I missed,” I offer. Danny nods and I follow Malcolm into a carpeted hallway and up the carpeted staircase. There are four doors. We go into the second one on the right.
“Welcome to my room,” Peter says. His room is immaculate, not a thing out of place. I sit down on the queen sized bed and sigh happily. His comforter smells like him. Without a thought, I kick off my sandals and slip under the comforter. Peter chuckles.
“You messed up my bed,” he playfully whines.
“I want to take a nap,” I yawn.  Peter takes off his socks and sneakers and joins me.
 “Wake up sleeping beauty,” Danny says. She shakes me and my eyes flutter open.

 “What time is it?” I ask, stifling a yawn.
“Six O: clock,” she laughs.
“Where’s Peter?”
“Downstairs. He let you sleep,” Danny explains as she sits on the edge of the bed. I stretch and sit up.
“So, are you ready to go?” I ask. Danny shakes her head. “Peter wants to take you out to dinner first,” Danny informs me. That’s exciting. I get out of bed and straighten my dress. My hair is a complete rat’s nest, so I steal the comb that’s lying on the dresser and attempt to drag it through my hair. There is no hope for it. I pull my crazy hair into a bun and make my way to the bathroom. After washing my face and spraying perfume on myself, I go downstairs. Peter is in the kitchen sitting at the island. Lilly and the blond that I saw earlier are both there. The two girls glare at me. Peter follows their looks of hatred and smiles.
“You’re awake. Ready to go?” Peter asks me.
“Where are we going?
“You’ll see. It’s a surprise,” my boyfriend says before standing and leaving the room. Oh great, now I’m alone with Lilly, again. How wonderful!
Chapter 11

We take my car. Peter is the perfect gentlemen, allowing me to drive. Since the weather is beautiful, I leave the top down.
“Where to?” I ask. But he doesn’t answer. Instead, Peter continues to give me directions to his mysterious location.
“Turn left,” Peter tells me. I turn left, driving past the high school that has tormented me. I can’t conceal a shudder.
“Your former school.” 
“I’m glad I’m being home schooled,” I admit. Peter chuckles.
“It’s weird that I’ve seen you every day at school and never had the guts to talk to you,” he confesses. Not remembering Peter’s face from school doesn’t surprise me. We have over a thousand kids in school. Since we had no class together, there wouldn’t have been an opportunity for us to interact.
“Keep going straight” I follow his directions.
“Where are we going?” I ask. Peter ignores me and asks a question that makes me uncomfortable.
“Why don’t you cheer anymore?” I don’t want to talk about it. That is an old life full of fun and joy. Just thinking of the fact that my friends aren’t mine anymore makes me want to cry. But Peter is staring at me with intense eyes. They are looking into my soul, wanting to be let in. I can’t resist him. Admittedly, it’s difficult to drive and talk about my past at the same time. I pull into the parking lot of a coffee shop and look at him.
“Life was perfect freshman year. Then again, it had always been perfect. Ivy, Teresa, and I were been best friends since kindergarten. We were all really close. We all tried out for cheerleading and made it. All of us started dating football players. Everything was perfect. That was until I started falling for Teresa’s boyfriend James. At that time I was with Derrick. He was attentive, but he was a trophy boyfriend,” I begin. It struck me that Peter might think I’m a bad person after this. My therapist, Dr. Sharp has told me that this incident hadn’t made me a bad person. But I am still not sure about that. In my own way, I acted just like Peter’s friend had.
“What’s wrong?” Peter gently asks me. He realizes this is difficult to talk about. If Peter followed gossip, he would have heard a trickle of the story. But once words were passed around… Let’s just say it is a lot like playing telephone. The phrase changes every time.
“It’s hard for me to talk about, especially, since the story isn’t flattering,” I admit. Peter nods.
“It’s alright. It’s all in the past Chelsea,” he soothingly assures me. Part of me is angry. I don’t deserve someone so beautiful, so willing to hear me out. Peter is a gem and I’m a lump of coal. He is everything good and I’m selfish. For once, I truly understand why Malcolm couldn’t stand me in the beginning. I am selfish.
“Peter, there’s something you have to know about me.” 
“What?” he asks.
“I’m a terrible person. All I do is hurt people. There is no good in dating someone like me. You have been hurt enough.” My admission is accompanied by a stream of tears. Peter puts his arm around my shoulders and I lean into him. He lets me cry it out for a while. When my tears subside, I force myself to continue.
“This thing between Adam and me is proof. I…”
“Chelsea, I don’t want to hear about Adam. I want to hear about what happened,” he encourages.
“I fell for James. James fell for me. But neither of us wanted to hurt Teresa. We ignored our feelings until home coming of sophomore year. Teresa couldn’t go because she had just gotten her appendix removed. Derrick couldn’t go because he had been suspended for fighting. We hung out and danced for the entire night. James offered to take me home. I agreed. Before we went home we took a detour. O’Malley’s parking lot was fairly empty when we had a make out session. Apparently, Ivy saw us because she had been there with her own boyfriend. I didn’t know at the time. I went home and nothing happened over the weekend. Monday was weird. My friends on the cheer squad were acting funny when we did a routine drill. I’m the girl that usually got tossed. I was thirty pounds lighter two years back. Something went wrong and I wasn’t caught. I fell, broke my ankle and couldn’t cheer for the rest of the season. Soon after that, Derrick broke up with me. The word slut was spray painted on my locker and it all went downhill from there. I had always been a bit emotional at times. The abandonment of all of my friends made me worse. Mom started making me go to therapy. It helped a little. But school became a nightmare for me. People always saw fit to poke fun at me. Derrick and Teresa, now a couple, became my biggest tormenters. Ivy, who slept over my house every weekend, started trashing me on Facebook. Adam was the only thing that kept me together,” I finish. Understanding fills Peter’s eyes.
“That’s why you allow Adam to treat you like crap. It all makes sense now,” Peter says.
“Adam is with Ivy. That pisses me off to no end. It sounds petty but I hate the fact that he’s with the very person that rejected me,” I bluntly admit. Peter chuckles.
“You’re with me. Isn’t that enough?”  His expression is playful, but I can see the question in his eyes. Isn’t Peter enough? Can I resist the temptation of going back to Adam? I had no idea. But I sure hope I get over this stupid obsession with Adam. Even the thought of losing Peter makes me feel empty.
“You are enough, Peter. You’re my best friend. I feel like I can tell you anything,” I confess. Peter grins.
“I feel the same about you,” he says.
“Peter, for about two seconds, Adam and I were back together.” I tell Peter about this afternoon. His face closes up for a second when I tell him about the diner. But then, his eyes light up when I recount the grocery store.
“So, you couldn’t let me go?” Peter asks.
“No. I can’t let you go Peter. That's what makes me an awful person. If I were decent, I would call it off with you and give us some time. But I’m too selfish. Peter, you make me want to be a good person. I’ve never met someone like you before.” That is stupid. I’m stupid. Why would I say something like that? Showing weakness is something I’ve never done before. Showing weakness exposes vulnerability, and people use that to their advantage. 
“Chelsea, how will I know you won’t run back to Adam when things get tough between us?” Peter softly inquires.
“I won’t. The thought of leaving you makes me sick.” My voice quivers when I bare part of me.
“Let’s not talk about this right now,” he says before placing a kiss on my forehead. I smile.
“Where are we going?” Peter affectionately ruffles my hair and says, “Nice try.”
Two minutes later, we arrive at the beach. Peter gets out of the car and grabs a bundle from the back seat. I hadn’t noticed what he had put in the car. But now I notice that it is a picnic basket and a blanket. He smirks as we make our way onto the sand. People are milling about. Some are going for an evening swim. Some people lie on beach towels and read books. Peter picks a spot away from the crowd and spreads out the blanket. I take off my sandals and let my toes sink into the sand. Peter does the same. We both sit on the blanket and he pulls food out of the basket. He hands me a wrapped sandwich.
“I made you a salami, bologna, and cheese sandwich. There’s mustard on it,” he explains. That makes me smile. He actually remembers how I like my sandwich. I unwrap it and bite into the goodness. Yum! He even remembered to put pickles on it. I munch happily while Peter begins eating his own sandwich.
“I myself like peanut butter on my sandwich.”
“Jelly?”
“No. No Fluff either. Just Peanut butter.” He says. It seems that I am hungry. I inhale the sandwich in a matter of minutes. Peter, who eats slower laughs.
“It isn’t like your food is going anywhere. I can’t stand bologna” he teases. I laugh and push his hair out of his face. He sighs, reaches into the bag and tosses me another sandwich. I’m hungry so I continue eating.  
“Peter,” someone calls. It doesn’t surprise me that one of his friends would be here. It’s a nice night. But I can’t help but feel dread. Peter, on the other hand, looks at ease. He’s just so nice. Teresa Gibson strolls over to us dressed in a pink bikini. Her dark hair is wet and her eyes are filled with joy at seeing him. She gives me a glance and sits by us. I want to tell her to go away. But I don’t. Instead I dig into the smart food that Peter places on my lap.
“How are you feeling?” Teresa asks. Peter grins.
“Fine. I’m in remission,” he announces and she genuinely looks relieved. She stares at me, the picnic basket and the blanket and hatred briefly flicks across her face. But then, she relaxes.
“Chelsea, you don’t work at O’Malley’s anymore?” Teresa asks.
“I moved to Gately,” I respond, wanting so badly for her to go away. This feeling increases when Derrick joins us. Peter on the other hand oozes calmness. He really is a saint.
“Peter,” Derrick says, giving him a nod. The two of them haven’t interacted. I can tell. He seems nonchalant about the whole thing.
“Happy birthday, Chelsea,” Derrick says, his blue eyes filling with confidence. He doesn’t hate me, though he should.
“Thanks,” I say giving him an awkward smile.
“Why are you moving to Gately?” Teresa asks. She is the nosy type. We haven’t been friends for years. I have no idea why she even cares. A glimmer of guilt spreads across her face. But it quickly fades. I have no idea why.
“I…”
“Chelsea!” Ivy says as she appears, hand and hand with James. Now that’s strange. Isn’t she supposed to be with Adam? The same confused expression flits across Peter’s face. Peter gets a text. He pulls out his galaxy and texts back. Trouble is coming. The hostile look on James face tells me so.  
“Ivy,” I choke out.
“Hi Chelsea. What do we have here, a picnic with the Christian?” Peter looks at Ivy with disbelief.
“That’s the best you could come up with?” Peter asks.  James clenches his fist.
“Maybe you’re desperate to get some. That could explain why you’re with Chelsea.” And here it goes again. Ivy and her slut jokes. How classy? But I’m not going to let it bother me. Nope. Not tonight.
“Ivy, I forgot the wine coolers in the car. Would you please get them?” James asks. Ivy leaps to her feet and runs to do her new boyfriend’s bidding. Part of me feels guilty. I have abandoned Adam and so has Ivy.
“So Peter, I’m sorry I couldn’t make Hope’s charity event. I was at cheer camp. I’ll be sure to donate,” Teresa assures. James and Derrick look interested.
“Who’s hope?” James asks. Peter relaxes and tells the story. Ivy returns at the tail end of it. She scowls at me. She hands the six pack to James who sighs.
“Would you two like one?” Ivy frowns at James. What’s his game?
“Christians don’t drink,” Ivy hisses. Teresa appears as if she has enough.
“Ivy, shut up. Leave Peter alone. He’s actually a nice guy,” she snaps. Ivy glares.
“Anyone with Chelsea is desperate. Just like Adam,” Ivy says. Surprisingly, Teresa glares at her.
“You’re with Adam. I saw you myself,” Peter says. The shock that wipes through Ivy’s friends makes me want to chuckle. It’s apparent that no one knows that she’s been hanging around Adam.
“You’ve been cheating on me?” James asks, confused, more than anything else. Ivy does the only thing that she is good at during a confrontation, she runs off. Teresa sighs.
“Of course she would do that. Ivy’s always hated you, even when you two were friends,” Teresa says taking a swig of her drink.   I nod at her in understanding. James looks sad and agitated all at once. I want to say something to comfort him. I want to tell him to leave Adam alone. He probably didn’t know that Ivy was seeing someone at the time.  Well, karma has gotten both him and I and it came in the form of Ivy.
`“What some food?” Peter offers, just to break the silence. Derrick, who eats everything nods.  Peter hands Derrick a sandwich and some chips. Peter passes me a bottle of lemonade and he pulls out a water bottle. My boy knows me so well.
At first, the conversation between us is awkward. But because Peter has a likable personality, he has as all laughing. Peter grins as he hands me oatmeal cream pies. I’m officially in love. I bite into the goodness as my boy eats carrots and strawberries.
“You two have completely different eating habits,” Teresa notes. I sigh.
“Peter eats healthy and I…”
“Eat everything that’s junky. Chelsea, vegetables are delicious,” Peter tries to convince me. I screech as he tries to feed me a carrot. He eventually tickles me.
“Stop! Stop! Stop!” I’m laughing so hard that it hurts.
“I won’t relent until you try a carrot,’ Peter warns.
“All right. All right.” He releases me and when I sit up he feeds me a carrot.  I reluctantly agree that it tastes pretty good. “You’re a jerk,” I say, tossing him a smile. Peter smirks.
“Sure I am. But you love me anyways.” Our eyes meet and heat fills my cheeks. I’m halfway there. He is such a blessing. Staring at Peter makes me want to go back to church.
“I want to go into the water,” Teresa announces. Knowing that she wants to talk, I follow her. We both rush in the water and I hike up my sun dress as the cool water reaches my calf.
“Chelsea,” Teresa says, her brown eyes searching my face.
Yes,” I ask.
“I’ve missed you. After I found out about James, I was hurt.  But, truthfully, I was over it a few weeks later. James and I were not compatible. But Ivy couldn’t drop it. I…”
“You guys didn’t catch me,” I remind Teresa.  A tear falls down her cheek as she shivers.
“I’m sorry. That was all Molly’s idea. At the time, I was mad at you. But…” She stops talking and sighs. “Aren’t we even? You stole my boyfriend, I broke your leg.”
“What do you want from me?” I demand.  
“Chelsea, I want to make peace with you,” she tells me.
“Why?” Teresa frowns.
“Look, the only way Tiller will date me is if you are okay with it. He told me to talk to you,” Teresa confesses.
“I thought you are with Derrick!” The shock steals my breath.
“No. That’s just a rumor. He’s single. I started talking to Tiller on Facebook last year. He and I connected. He told me about the trouble you’ve had at school. I had no idea how much we were hurting you.” Regret fills her face. I on the other hand don’t believe it for a moment. Tiller is officially dead to me.
“I…” Warm arms wrap around me and I’m dunked in the water. When I surface, I giggle. Peter laughs. I’m soaking wet. Teresa smiles at us before splashing us. She has just begun a water war. We spend the next twenty minutes wearing each other out. Everyone for themselves. Derrick and James participate and we’re all laughing.  My guard is completely down. Peter does that to me. But I’m still unsure how to react about Teresa. She has been nice. But where has she been on the days that I had been ridiculed by everyone? Why hadn’t she reigned in Ivy?  I can’t think right now. I’m having too much fun. Peter scoops me up and swings me around in the air. I laugh and he gives me a soft kiss.
“Time to go,” Peter says, staring at the darkening sky. I say goodbye to the others and he carries me to our blanket. Gently, he wraps me in the blanket and helps me into my sandals. We make our way to my car where he pulls a beach towel from the back and dries himself off before wrapping the towel around me and unlocking the door. He had kept the keys in the picnic basket.
“Can you drive?” I ask. The request is purely selfish. All I want to do is sit and stare at him. Peter nods and after getting me settled, he gets into the driver’s seat and drives to his house. Danny and Malcolm are on the porch. We both hop out of the car and I pull off the blanket and hand it to him.  He takes it and I wrap my arms around his neck and press my lips to his.
“I’m going to miss you,” Peter whispers when our lips part.
“I’m going to miss you too,” I admit. Peter smiles then he grins.
“I need to give you your birthday present,” he announces. “Hang on.” Peter rushes in the house. It takes him ten seconds to run back out. He has three boxes of various sizes in his arms.  One is a square box about two inches wide and thick. The other one is a box as big as an eight by eleven sized piece of paper.  The third box is only slightly bigger than the second. He gives me the boxes. I kiss him on the cheek and place the boxes in the back seat. Danny kisses Malcolm and we get in the car. I wave goodbye to the two brothers and take off.
“How are things with you and Malcolm?” I ask Danny as I turn on the highway. She looks genuinely surprised that I care.
“Good. We’ve been taking things slow. After what happened with Matt, I don’t want to rush into anything.”
“What happened with Matt?” I ask.  She sighs.
“He cheated on me with my best friend Laurel.” Her admission makes me spill. I figure if anyone knows what Teresa is going through it’s her.
“She purposely broke your ankle?” Danny is furious by that fact.
“She thinks that we’re even,” I say.
“But she hardly liked James. I don’t think you are,” she protested.
“What do you think?” I ask. “Should I tell Tiller I’m cool with them dating?” Danny frowns.
“I’m not sure. On one hand Tiller and Teresa should be together. On the other hand, can you deal with seeing her whenever Tiller visits?”
“I’m not sure,” I admit. Danny sighs.
“Answer that question first, then you’ll be able to make that decision.”
When we get back to the mansion, I shower and change into pajamas. Eliza, Carmen, Danny, and Tia spend the night with me. First, I open all of Peter’s presents. He got me everything I wanted, clothes, perfume, and a gift card to a coffee shop.  I call him before we watch the first movie, tell him goodnight and thank him for my presents. Then, we eat junk food and watch a ton of lifetime movies. In between movies, I tell them about my predicament. Everyone is disappointed that I cheated on Derrick. Even Tia scowls at me. But it’s Eliza who comes up with a point that sticks with me into sleep.
“Do you forgive yourself?” And as my eye lids droop, I realize that I honestly don’t know the answer to the question.
Chapter 12

“No,” I say to my Grandmother. She scowls at me. We are sitting in my room partaking in afternoon tea. I like raspberry tea, Grandmother likes green tea. We are also eating sugar cookies. She decided to have tea with me. I’m not sure why, since we hardly get along.
“Chelsea, it will be good for you. Olivia asks for you often,” Grandmother Betty says.
“Here’s the thing, I don’t want to run into Gladys again,” I confess.  
“Chelsea, you are being unreasonable.”
“I feel like you’re not taking Tia with you to the country club because she's pregnant. She’s more into that scene. Why don’t you invite her?” Grandmother frowns at me.
“Chelsea, you need to get use to going to events like this. Your mother has not done well to keep you away.” I want to scream at the woman, but I keep my mouth shut. No good will come of me reminding her that she is the reason why I haven’t been to any high society parties.
“I don’t see why I have to get use to them. I’m going into the military next fall.” Grandmother glares at me.
“So you’re still on that kick?”  She doesn’t understand. I’ve been raised to believe that either I get a scholarship to college or join the army. My parents can’t afford my college education.
“It’s what I’ve been planning since I was a kid. I want to be a detective,” I tell the Grinch. She frowns.
“You don’t have it in you. You’re too emotional,” she decides. That irks me to no end. The woman doesn’t even know me. I want to tell her as much but she’s already moved on to a new topic.
“I’m thinking we could spend some time in Florida when it gets cold,” she says. The thought of being away from Peter for the entire winter causes an ache in my chest. Then again, if I join the military, I will be away from him. Part of me is angry that I didn’t try harder in school.
“I want to stay here,” I tell her. Grandmother shakes her head.
“I’m too old to deal with the cold. The warm weather is good for my bones,” she decides. This bothers me. Both options that I have completely suck. If I beg my parents to let me stay in Minnesota with them, I wouldn’t have Peter. If I continue to live here, I’m stuck with her.
“What about my friends?” I protest. She looks down at their tea cup, as if the answer was swimming in the Tea.
“You will make more,” she says.
“Grandmother, no offense, I don’t want to be stuck in Florida with only you for company.” Grandmother Betty laughs.
“Eliza and Carmen are coming. And you will have interaction with other kids. I’m thinking of inviting Tia along. Maybe the good weather will be good for her pregnancy.” Her words were delivered flatly. So it is difficult to buy her true concern. It all makes perfect sense to me. Tia’s parents don’t want anything to do with her. They want her gone. Grandmother doesn’t want anyone outside the family knowing that she’s knocked up. This means hiding away in Florida is Grandmother’s best bet. Because she’s going with Tia, I can’t be left behind.  All of this frustrates me. In truth, I have no desire to go to Florida. I’m perfectly content staying here.
“I have little interest in going to Florida. I’d much rather stay here,” I say right before shoving a sugar cookie in my mouth. Grandmother sighs.
“Well, then, it’s fortunate that you don’t have a choice in this matter. You will do as I say. And besides, the temporary move might keep you out of trouble. Now, let’s stop wasting time. What do you plan to wear to the ball?” Grandmother inquires.
“Nothing, because I’m not going.” My insistence makes her rub her forehead.
“You’ll need a date for it. I imagine you could ask Peter. I’ll have to get him a tuxedo appropriate for the event, of course. It won’t be a problem. Vince can school him on proper etiquette,” Grandmother tells me. This isn’t happening. Because my boyfriend is such a sweetheart, he would go to this lame party. If he agrees to go, I’m stuck going. Now there is no way out of this. My heart sinks at the prospect of being stuck with a ton of nosy women who have more money than everyone in Elmview combined.
“Did you already ask Peter to go to the ball?” I accuse.
“No. I’ll leave that to you. You two have a date tonight, don’t you?” We don’t have a date. Peter is at work. So I’ve decided to spend the night watching television and stuffing my face.
“No. He’s at work.” Grandmother frowns as if the prospect of me sitting around the house isn’t a good one. It’s clear that she hates how I’ve changed the dynamics.
“I’ve got to go. Amy will be in here to clean this up. In the meantime, try to leave this house. A girl your age should be running about. Why don’t you invite Carmen on a shopping trip? Grandmother Betty takes off before I can respond. Carmen doesn’t want to go shopping. She’s in a book reading mood. Eliza is hanging with Nathan and Danny is with Malcolm.  And although Tia and I get along, I’m not exactly joining her for company. Since my boyfriend is at work, I decide to call Tiller. We need to get the chat about Teresa over with. Tiller isn’t much of a talker. He briefly called yesterday to wish me a happy birthday. We text from time to time. But we only talk on the phone when something important needs to be discussed.
“Hi Chelsea,” Tiller answers, sounding agitated that I’m calling. This is going to be a very interesting conversation. I lay down in my bed and sigh.
“I heard you and Teresa are chatting it up.” He doesn’t respond at first. The silence is punctuated by the ticking of the clock mounted on my wall above the dresser.
“Oh, yeah, we’ve been talking on Facebook. And?” Tiller isn’t a direct person. He is the type to ask obvious questions in order to gauge what the other person knows. This habit infuriates me to no end.
“So you want to date her?” My brother sucks in a breath. He hates arguing with me mainly because it usually ends with me not talking to him for months.
“Chelsea, she’s a pretty cool chick,” Tiller begins.
“After all I told you about how her friends were horrible to me?” The anger and the tears catch me off guard. But once the tears start, they don’t stop. Sometimes I get so angry, I just start crying.  That is so annoying.
“Chelsea, it isn’t a big deal. You have said yourself that Ivy causes most of the trouble. Besides, Teresa did stick up for you and your boyfriend last night. And she said that the both of you had gotten along. Teresa wants to be friends with you. Stop being difficult,” Tiller orders. So he wants difficult. I’ll show him difficult.
“Fine,” I say. Without a goodbye I hang up the phone.
“Who was that?” Carmen asks as she enters the room. I hadn’t even heard the girl enter. She flops down on the bed, a vampire novel in hand. She loves to read.
“Tiller. Let’s just say, our talk didn’t go well,” I say. Carmen frowns.
“You stole her boyfriend. Doesn’t Teresa have the right to be happy?” Carmen isn’t being malicious. There is curiosity lurking in her dark brown eyes. I’m too upset to answer her. After a while, Carmen sighs and changes the subject.  “So grandma told me that you wanted to go shopping,” Carmen informs me. Judging by the look on her face, Carmen knows that the woman lied to her.
“I want to lay in bed,” I confess. Carmen chuckles.
“Oh dear, you want to lie in bed on a Saturday afternoon. What a travesty!” Carmen mimics Grandmother Betty well.  When she isn’t snooping or sneaking up on people, I can see her care free side. Around Danny and Eliza, Carmen is content to shut up and go with the flow. With me, she talks and lets her opinions be heard.
“Why don’t you talk a lot when Danny and Eliza are around?” Carmen frowns, thinks for a moment, and answers.
“Why bother speaking when your thoughts aren’t really important? I love them, but they don’t truly care what I say. They are content to have me quiet. It isn’t worth the energy to talk,” Carmen responds. She is so much like Uncle Kenny. She speaks with logic, not emotion.
“Did you ever tell them how you feel?” I ask.
“Would they care?” Carmen asks as she stretches her arm above her head.
“Have you ever had a boyfriend?” Carmen chuckles at the question.
“There is only one guy I’m interested in. At the moment, he isn’t interested.” Again, Carmen speaks with facts. It’s like she shuts her emotions off. Carmen likes guy. She and guy are compatible. Guy is unavailable. Will wait until guy is available. No point of dating anyone else because she only desires guy.
“Who is he?” She affectionately pushes my shoulder.
“Stop being so nosy,” Carmen says. I laugh and she does too. We both know that she is the nosiest person on the planet. My door opens and Otis swaggers in. He scowls down at us.
“You two need to leave the house. Your grandmother won’t stand for this.” And that’s our cue.
Carmen and I are in sundresses. Mine is blue and hers is pink. We wear swim suits underneath and since she doesn’t drive, we take my car. This prospect is attractive. My heart races at the thought of seeing Peter again.
“Stalker,” Carmen accuses. She’s right. But who cares. I’m bored and really don’t have much of a life. It isn’t like we can stalk Carmen’s crush. She won’t even tell me who he is. My cousin rests her head against the window, her face relaxing. She’s utterly at peace.
“Why does Grandma want us out so badly?” I inquire as I turn into the beach’s parking lot. It feels strange to refer to Grandmother Betty as Grandma. But maybe I will from now on. I tell myself that saying Grandmother all of the time is a mouth full. But I’m beginning to realize that I don’t want to punish the woman for casting aside my parents anymore. I just want to be with Peter and enjoy life.  
“Because something else has gone missing. She wants the opportunity to search all of our rooms,” she explains. Panic fills me. Another item has gone missing? This servant is pretty bold for doing such a thing.
“What happened to Dean?” I ask.
“He left days ago. He left early,” she tells me.
“Who do you think the thief is?” Carmen considers the question.
“I’m not sure. No one seems to be suspicious. No one is talking about stealing anything. That means this crime is organized. Every day, something expensive goes missing. You would have to wonder what the thief is doing with the stuff,” she says. Carmen would make a good detective. She is so unobtrusive. I on the other hand may be too emotional for the job. I had been messing with Grandma when I told her that I wanted to be a detective. I would be happy being a police officer. It would be nice to keep the streets safe.
We both exit the car with our blankets, beach towels, and bags. Since its eighty degrees, the beach is crowded. I smile when I think of yesterday and how Peter and I had been having a water fight at this very beach. Being here somehow makes me feel close to him. The thought of seeing Peter in just an hour fills me with anticipation.
“What do you want to do?” Carmen asks as she eyes the beach.
“Swim!” Carmen nods and strips out of her sun dress and I follow suit.
The beach is packed with people. It is difficult not to bump into someone. We walk around and enjoy the scenery. Some people from school stare at me. But for the first time in a long time it doesn’t matter. I notice with a wink that a guy sitting alone is eying Carmen with interest. He’s cute with dark hair and bronzed skin. My cousin doesn’t notice him due to the fact that she’s more interested in keeping a distance with people.
“Carmen,” I call.
“What?” she asks after seeing the expression on my face.
“A hot guy is checking you out!” She sighs.
“The dude with the beer?” she asks. I’m about to say know when I notice a bottle of beer by his hip. No detail escapes her. Carmen smirks.
“He is pretty cute. But I’m not sure.” The suspicion in her voice makes me laugh. Poor girl. She’s always so cautious.
“What’s wrong with him?” The girl doesn’t answer me at first. She simply touches the water with her finger tips as if the contact is soothing.
“He’s looking at me. Think about it, Chelsea. I’m not wearing a skimpy bathing suit, and there are plenty of girls that are. No other guy is checking me out. But I managed to catch his eye?” Her excuse is delivered with little emotion. It’s as if Carmen has accepted that she isn’t good enough. This is really irrational. I know that. But anger bubbles to the surface. Grandma Betty. This is all of her doing. My poor cousin probably thinks that she isn’t good enough. It occurs to me that Grandma must have bragged about Tia to everyone.
“Maybe, you’re his type,” I suggest.
“I’m not interested. Like I told you, I know who I want. Dominic Oliver just has to realize that I’m the one for him,” Carmen tells me. I sigh heavily. She is apparently going to waste her time waiting around for a guy who clearly doesn’t care about her. At this moment, Danny’s no nonsense personality is needed.
“Carmen, what if Dominic doesn’t feel the same way you do?” Carmen doesn’t flinch.
“He will. And if he doesn’t, then, I don’t want anyone else.” Her admission scares me. Is she serious?  Carmen is willing to be a spinster because of some teenage guy? That’s ridiculous!
“I…” My cousin’s face lighting up halts my words. Her dark brown eyes are filled with excitement.
“Danny and Malcolm are here!” I follow where she is staring and see the two of them making out on a blanket. It doesn’t look like they want to be interrupted. Carmen doesn’t have my qualms. She rushes out of the water and weaves through the crowd. I sigh and follow her. But unfortunately, I’m not so graceful. I face plant after tripping on a stray sneaker. After spitting sand out of my mouth, I stand and pause. Ivy and Adam are together not twenty feet away. They are joking about something. The laughter stops after Adam’s blue eyes land on me. His beautiful girlfriend sees where he is looking and glares. He looks apologetic while she seems as though I’m a tick. It’s apparently difficult to get rid of me. To be honest, moving is a challenge. The shock roots my feet in place. Adam lied when he had said that I was the only girl he needed. He really couldn’t have chosen which girl he wanted. So he just told one at random that he wanted to try. My pride smacks me in the face. “Don’t just stand there. Act like this doesn’t bother you.” So I lift my head up high, smile brightly, and walk over to Carmen.
“What are you two doing here?” Danny demands. Her eyes are filled with agitation. Carmen seems unimpressed by her display.
“We are actually leaving. I decided to surprise Peter at work,” I say because Danny’s tirade can’t be good for Carmen’s self-esteem. Malcolm seems irritated by the spectacle. He stands.
“Danny, since your friends are here, I think I should leave.” His attitude is what pisses me off.  I stand in his path and glare.
“We didn’t follow you here. I had no idea you were going to be here. We were actually just leaving. Sit your butt down and spend some time with Danny.” My words are said with aggression. Malcolm looks as if he’s going to protest. But I don’t give him a choice. I yank Carmen and we walk to the car in silence.
Eliza is waiting for us when we reach my car. She’s sitting on the hood, swinging her sneakered feet back and forth. Her relieved face makes me smile. I’m about to ask her what’s wrong when Malcolm and Danny approach. He looks less irritated but Danny’s temper is at the breaking point.
“I told you that Malcolm and I wanted alone time,” Danny slowly says through clenched teeth. Carmen’s face is blank. She gives nothing away.
“I’m not going to argue with you, Danny,” Carmen replies with little emotion. Apparently, that isn’t the reaction that Danny wanted because she punches Carmen in the eye. Malcolm looks surprised by the move and Eliza’s mouth is wide open. Something happens to me in that moment. I’m not in the parking lot of the beach. Its gym class and I’m arguing in the corner with Ivy and a few of her friends.
“You’re a stupid slut,” Ivy hisses, her green eyes narrowing.
“Takes one to know one,” I spit back. Her face fills with fury and before anyone knows her hard fist collides with my eye.  Back then, I was weaker. I just stood there, not understanding why someone who sold Girl Scout cookies with me could cause me harm. Her words were just that, words. Over the years, we had called each other plenty of things. But never had we hit one another. Back then, the football coach demanded that Adam Smith take me to the nurse. That had been the day that we met.  This time, I rush forward and stand in between the two girls, my eyes narrowing.
“Danny, you need to calm down. It was my idea to go to the stupid beach. Why don’t you stop blaming Carmen?” My words are slow and stern. Danny is shocked. Her dark eyes are filled with regret. Malcolm has recovered.
“Why don’t we call it a night?” he asks.
“You’re driving her home,” I say. He nods and they disappear in the Toyota. No one moves until they drive away. I glance at Eliza who finally snaps out of it. She rushes over to Carmen who’s covering her left eye with her hand. Eliza gently removes her hand and inspects the damage.
“Come on. Let’s by some ice to minimize the damage,” Eliza suggests.
After stopping to buy an ice pack at O’Malley’s, Carmen and I slide back into our sun dresses. No one says a word until I’m on the road toward home. I guess meeting Peter is a bust.
“I want to go to the restaurant,” Carmen insists. “I don’t want to go home.”
“Are you sure, Carmen?” Eliza asks, worry in her voice. You would think that Carmen got shot. When Carmen hopped in the back, so did Eliza. The act, ever dramatic, really shows me that she really cares.
“I got punched. It’s no big deal,” Carmen groans. She apparently doesn’t think much of the situation. That’s strange.”
“Carmen I…” My phone rings and Carmen reaches into the front seat to answer it.
“She’s driving,” Carmen says to whoever called.
“Put it on speaker phone,” I insist. She does what I say and places the phone on the passenger seat.
“Hello?” I’m unsure of who this person is.
“Chelsea, hey!” It’s Tia. How charming!
“What’s wrong?” I ask.
“Otis dropped me off at the beach that you normally go to. Can you pick me up?” Her voice sounds hopeful.
“Fine,” I say, deciding that if I’m going through this personal hell, seeing Peter will be my prize.
After picking up Tia, who looks exhausted, we park at Clinton’s, a small diner by the beach. We exit and my smile brightens as we enter. It’s packed with families and screaming children.   Carmen, who is wearing a pair of designer sunglasses, breaks into a wide grin. The atmosphere encourages happiness. The hostess leads us to a table tucked in the back. Tia immediately sits beside me while Eliza sits across from me. Carmen sighs and sits beside Eliza.
“Here are your menus, Peter will be with you shortly,” the blond woman says before taking off. The waiter after my heart walks over to the table with a forced smile on his face.
“Welcome to Clinton’s. I’m Peter, I will be your server, and would you like anything to drink?”
“Peter?” Tia squeaks. He blinks and really looks at us. When he spots me he walks over and gives me a tender kiss on the cheek before straightening.
“Chelsea, it’s good to see you,’ he warmly says as he squeezes my shoulder. I grin up at him. He looks adorable with his white button down shirt, black jeans, and white sneakers. His shirt says “Clinton’s” in black bold letters over the breast area.
“I want a gingerale,” Tia whines. Seriously, she says everything in that voice.
“Water,” Eliza says.
“Same,” Carmen pipes up.
“Strawberry lemonade,” I tell him. Peter nods, gives me a kiss on the forehead and leaves.
“How cute!” Eliza squeaks. “He’s so nice to you.” Her eyes are filled with happiness.
“How is Nathan?” I ask. Eliza sighs.
“We got into a fight. He apparently thinks I’m reckless and immature. Can you believe that?” Everyone at the table tries not to laugh.  
“Oh, how, um, shocking. That’s ridiculous!” I say before giggling.
“I know. Shocking right? I overreacted and stormed off. I walked to the beach because Danny told me that she was going to be there. But when I saw your car, Chelsea, I was relieved,” Eliza admits.
“Malcolm hates that we interfere in their relationship. That’s why Danny was so mad to see me. I didn’t know she would punch me though,” Carmen says. Tia’s face turns red and her blue eyes fill with menace.  Apparently, she cares about someone other than herself. Oh, I have misread her.
“Are you all right?” The concern is in her eyes.
“I’m fine,” Carmen says as Peter brings back our drinks. He smiles then asks us what we want to order. Everyone orders cheeseburgers and fries. Okay, well, I order the double cheese burger with bacon with an extra order of fries. I just can’t help myself.  
“Are you going to eat all of that?” Tia asks as my plate is put in front of me. My mouth waters at the smell.
“Probably. I’ve eaten more.” Peter chuckles when he sees Tia’s response to my answer and he walks away. We dig in after that. Eliza is the only one who doesn’t finish her food. She leaves a handful of fries that Tia gobbles up. Peter walks over and steals some of mine. I laugh and pretend to keep his hands away. He is an attentive waiter not just to us but to all of his customers. I watch him make small talk and refill glasses. Everyone seems at ease with him. Peter would make the perfect dentist.
“This has been a lovely night,” Carmen says after taking a bite out of her apple pie. I can hardly fit another bite of the brownie sundae in my stomach. In ten minutes, that might change. Eliza and Tia are both working on apple crisp and vanilla ice cream.
“Definitely. Let’s try the chicken fingers next time,” Tia suggests. I nod.
What next?” Eliza asks. I frown. Normally, I would suggest going back to my house. However, Mom sold it two weeks ago.
“How about a spontaneous trip?” “Eliza suggests, looking devious.
“Where?” I ask.
“Somewhere that requires us to rent hotels!? Judging by the pleased looks on Tia and Carmen’s faces, this has been done before.
“Where?” I ask.
“I don’t know,” Carmen admits.
“What about Connecticut?” I grin. Everyone stares at me, wondering why we would bother.
“Sounds fun,” Peter says as he puts down the check.
 “Am I invited?”  Danny asks as she walks over to our table.
“

Chapter 13

 It was easy for Eliza to rent a dodge caravan so that we all could fit. Apparently, you don’t have to be twenty-five to rent a car. You just have to have an uncle that owns a car rental chain. After some discussion, we decided that Danny would come with us. She sits up front with me. Eliza doesn’t drive, though, she has a license. I do. Why? Because her Uncle Marty may have no problem giving Eliza a rental for free. He sure is hell isn’t going to let her drive it.
We’ve spent thirty minutes listening to the music on Eliza’s iPod. Big surprise, she favors Two Chainz, Macklemore, and Kendrick Lamar. Tia is singing a horrible rendition of “Can’t hold us” when it occurs to me that we haven’t cleared this road trip with our parents. Oh well. It’s too late to turn back now. Besides, my folks are in Minneapolis. For all they know, I’m at the mansion tucked under the blankets watching a movie. As for the other girls, I’m not sure what their situation is. But since Danny didn’t protest the road trip, we should all be fine.
“Tia, shut up. You can’t sing a lick,” Eliza complains.
“I happen to have a beautiful voice,” Tia protests.  I sigh and turn off the music. Everyone groans.
“Please stop singing, Tia. If you do, the music will turn back on,” I playfully threaten. Everyone, including Tia laughs and the music is turned back on again.
“I didn’t mean to punch her,” Danny admits. Since the speakers are located in the back, I’m able to hear her. I sigh.
“Why did you get so angry?” Danny frowns.
“I told Carmen where I would be and she showed up. She shows up on all of our dates, lately. Malcolm is getting sick of being stalked. I am too. It’s not like we don’t like Carmen. It’s just that…”
“She’s up to something,” I interrupt. She looks confused.
“What do you mean?” Danny snaps. She clearly doesn’t like being interrupted when she’s trying to vent.
“Just think about it. She followed Adam and me outside when we needed to talk. She’s been following you on all of your dates. Who knows if she’s been trailing Nathan and Eliza? Carmen doesn’t do things by accident. Just remember that.” My words seem to make Danny consider something. She shakes her head.
“Carmen has always been nosy. It’s her worst trait,” she says in a condemning voice.
“You are judgmental, Eliza’s reckless, and Tia’s self-centered. That doesn’t mean I should punch either of you in the face.” My gentle reprimand makes Danny feel stupid. It shows in her eyes.  She sighs.
“I’m surprised you let me come with you,” she confesses.
“You and Carmen are best friends. You two should work out whatever is bothering you,” I insist. I don’t tell Danny that I need her for this excursion.  She needs to help Carmen win the boy of her dreams. All of that will come later.
An hour into the drive, Uncle Kenny calls my phone. I turn down the volume and put the phone on speaker.
“Chelsea, is Carmen with you?” His voice sounds irritated more than worried.
“Yes,” I answer.
“Good. Tell her to call me soon,” he says before hanging up. I shout the message and Carmen, who had kept her phone off shouts “Okay.”
“That’s it?” I say with disbelief.
“Kenny doesn’t worry about much. He’s a lot like Carmen,” Danny says.
“What is your brother’s friend Dominic like?” I ask. She seems surprised that the question is being posed.
“He’s an ass,” Danny responds. Her face twists into one of disgust and I frown.
“What do you mean?” My voice quivers, dread fills my heart. Carmen is pining after a bad boy.
“I mean what I say. Dominic is just like my brother Jake. Neither of them are approachable. I would introduce you if they would actually acknowledge you. My brother Jake is much worse than Dominic, though.  All he does is hang in his room and blast music. No one can stand him,” Danny says, frustration filling her voice. I sigh.
“What about you’re other siblings?” Danny smirks.
“Stuck up, drama queen, and overachiever,” she lists.
“Why are they like that?” I ask.
“My parents make sure we are the best. Well, maybe they slipped a little with Jake.” She rests her head on the door, letting me know that share time is over.
The rest of the drive is uneventful. By the time we reach New London, I feel exhausted. Eliza directs us to the Grindstone Hotel, some family owned building and she requests the presidential suite. The suite is essentially a large apartment with three bedrooms, a living room and a small kitchen. I grab Tia’s hand and we both run to the master bedroom with our bags.  We remembered that we didn’t have any clothing, we stopped at a mall to buy stuff. Tia insisted we buy luggage so we could look proper when the bellhop escorted us to our rooms. We spent a little time shoving our plastic bags in our small suit cases and hitting the convenient store for more snacks.
 “The master suite?” she asks.
“You’re pregnant,” I point out. The room has a king sized bed, a large bathroom with wide counter tops and a luxurious tub. I’m about to tell her that I regret leaving when she smirks at me.
“We are sharing. Eliza snores. No one can get any sleep with her.” Carmen walks in wearing her night gown. She pushes my and Tia's suitcases into the room, then tosses herself into the bed. I glare at her before searching for something to wear. As I’m slipping into my pajama pants, Eliza and Danny run in, Eliza doubling over with laughter, and Danny looking worried.
“Don’t worry,” I’m on mute,” Eliza assures as I hear Grandma Betty.
“You guys left the state without asking? I was supposed to send you to Cape Cod to spend some time with Ryan and Violet. Eliza Philips, you know better than to take your cousins to New London. I need to call Jake. Hopefully, he will keep an eye on you,” Grandma insists. Danny breaks into laughter at the thought of Jake checking in on us. “Otis, call Jake and Kaley. Let them know that they need to check on the girls tomorrow. Put ten thousand dollars in Chelsea’s bank account. That will support them until Tuesday. Don’t you think? No, make that fifty grand. Tia’s really expensive,” Grandma insists. My eyes roll at the amount of money that’s going to be in my possession. “Since I’m gone. There’s nothing I can do about this. Just be safe,” Grandma Betty orders.
“Yes, Grandma,” Eliza says after unmuting the phone and taking it off of speaker phone. She hangs up and says, “You’re so welcome. I saved you guys from the worst weekend of your lives. Ryan and Violet are two cranky old people who hate children. We would have spent the entire time reading,” Eliza says. Despite Danny calling Eliza “careless” she looks relieved.  Carmen chuckles.
“Last year, she had me read The Grapes of Wrath and forced me to write a five page essay,” Carmen says. I laugh and raid the mini fridge which is packed with caffeinated drinks.  Since we are under twenty-one, they must have gotten rid of the liquor.
“What to do?” I ask as I settle down beside Carmen. Tia sighs.

“I’m not sure. But I’m thinking that we could go on a shopping trip.” Eliza makes a snoring sound.
“We always shop. Maybe we could see if there is a contest going on,” she suggests. Danny, the voice of reason plops herself on the bed and sighs.
“Jake is coming to babysit us. Most likely, he will insist we go back to our house to watch movies,” she tells us.
“We don’t have to do what he says,” I announce with defiance.  Seriously, I am not going to be stuck with someone who doesn’t want to deal with me. Before anyone can respond, my phone rings. Reluctantly hopping out of bed, I fish the phone out of my purse and answer the call.
“Chelsea,” Tiller says sounding worried.
“What’s up bro?” I ask. He pauses for a moment.
“Did you talk to Teresa?” Of course, He couldn't be calling to check on his little sister. He’s just hoping that I will be okay with him dating someone who has made the last two years miserable. How could he ask me to forgive her?
“Not yet. I’ve been pretty busy,” I say before talking about Peter, Adam, and everything that has been going on. Informing my brother of Peter had little to do with wanting to talk about him and more to do with distracting him. Tiller hates the idea of me dating. He would insist on talking to any prospect.
“So, you have a new boyfriend?” Tiller asks. His voice is filled with annoyance.
“Well, yeah. I…”
“Chelsea, I’m going to invite Teresa to Thanksgiving,” he announces, causing a stab of pain to shoot through my gut. So I’m going to have to spend the holidays with Tiller, Teresa, and my parents? So they make the jump from talking on Facebook to meeting the family? Being a fifth wheel would suck. There was little hope of her parents saying no to their daughter spending Thanksgiving in Minnesota, with a guy they barely knew. Teresa’s parents allow her to do whatever she wants. They are more focused on being her best friend.
“What!” My shriek causes the girls to stare at me.
“Mom and Dad don’t mind. I figured it will give us time to get to know each other.”  A fear that is so sharp that it takes my breath away lances through my stomach. Being uncomfortable at home makes me feel unbalanced. With Mom, Dad, and Tiller, it is easy to feel carefree. I have been hoping to go see my parents. Living in my grandmother’s world has been stressful. I crave a sense of normalcy. But it looks like thanksgiving will not be normal, not in the least.
“She’s coming?” What a dumb question. But nothing else is coming to mind.
“Yes, Teresa’s already bought the tickets,” he announces. So this is official.
“Well, I guess it’s all settled then,” are the choked words that escape from my mouth.
“Chelsea, everything will be fine,” he insists.
“Goodnight,” I respond and hang up. Eliza stares at my pale face and sighs.
“What’s wrong? Grandma told you that Ryan and Violet were coming for you?” she asks, a smirk lighting her face when I smile. I sit on the bed and say, “Teresa is coming to Thanksgiving dinner.”
“Grandma is allowing that?” Tia asks.
“I’m going to Minnesota to spend time with my family,” I tell her.  Everyone stairs at one another, not processing the information that they have just been told.
 “Why won’t you stay in Gately?” Tia asks.
“Because I have to see my family,” I respond.
“They could come here. Grandma would love that. She’s always talks about seeing Tiller,” she quickly explains. Something about Teresa joining us in the mansion makes me want to puke.  That’s exactly what I want, having Grandma witness my insecurities first hand.
“I would rather not. I…”
“What about Peter?” Carmen pipes up. “I’m sure you want to at least see him during the break,” she reasons. I pinched the comforter as their ideas take some time to marinate in my exhausted brain. Everyone coming to the mansion for thanksgiving wouldn’t be such a bad idea. Would it? Who knew? It was hard to say. Teresa and Tiller could be broken up by then.
“Let’s not think about it,” I decide. Eliza looks as though she wants to protest. But Danny shoots her a warning glance and she says nothing.
Sleep comes extremely easy. Staying that way proved challenging. Although Tia doesn’t snore, she hogs the blankets and kicks on occasion. And she also talks in her sleep. So at 9:00 in the morning, I give up and decide to watch TV in the living room. Maybe when the other girls are awake, we can order room service. I curl up on the couch and flick on the television. There isn’t anything riveting to watch on a Saturday morning, unless you like the news, cartoons, and infomercials. But eventually, I do settle on a lifetime movie that holds my attention. I’m midway through the movie, trying to figure out if the killer husband will be caught when there is a knock at the door. Groaning, I’m on my feet and looking through the peep hole. The stranger on the other side is tall with dark hair.
“Open up. It’s Jake,” he announces. After opening the door, he rushes in with annoyance filling his dark eyes. They roam the room, trying to take in every detail. He frowns at the luxury. He obviously thinks that we are high maintenance.  Seriously. Don’t tell me that he’s one of those. This clown with his dark jeans, boots, and black t-shirt wouldn’t last ten seconds being poor. He shouldn’t be so self-righteous.
“You’re Chelsea?” Jake asks when his eyes finally land on me.
“Yup,” I answer after plopping down on the couch. If he wants to talk, that’s perfectly fine. But nothing will stand against me finding out the conclusion to this movie.
“Did you hear?” Jake asks as he sits in the love seat.
“No,” I say, a little sharply. Sensing my distraction, he grabs the remote from the coffee table and flicks the television off. He glares at me.
“I’m your babysitter. Kaley is in the Hamptons visiting her boyfriend. Just don’t get on my nerves,” he orders before turning on the television again. I notice that Jake doesn’t put the remote back. Maybe he plans on turning off the television if I annoy him. The movie ends twenty minutes later and Jake yawns.
“It's too early to watch crap like this,” he declares. His comment makes me giggle, mainly because it’s so random. I’m about to respond to him when Danny exits. Like usual, she’s well put together in skinny jeans, a peasant top, and a pair of flats. When the siblings lock eyes both of them glare at one another. It’s apparent that she wasn’t kidding last night.
“Kaley is out of town?” Danny asks. Her brother shrugs and absentmindedly begins channel surfing. The awkwardness of this situation makes me uneasy. I abruptly leave and take a shower. Choosing comfort over style, I wear yoga pants and a t-shirt. Tia still hasn’t awoken by the time I’ve finished. Maybe the drive tired her out. Yesterday was a long day. We have all stayed up eating snacks and talking. As soon as I walk out, Carmen opens her door. She is still dressed in her hello kitty pajamas. She is about to greet me when my eyes slide to the living room. She doesn’t understand until I point at what she’s wearing and shake my head. She nods in understanding and quietly slips back to her room.
“Danny, why did you guys come here?” Jake hisses. How charming! They are about to get into a fight. Deciding that wearing more appropriate outdoor clothing would be more practical in case of an escape, I’m back into my room, changing into a pale pink cocktail dress and flip-flops. The plan is to grab the keys and make a mad dash out of here. The excuse is that we need more chocolate, gingerale, and crackers. It is believable because Tia had talked about us getting more crackers for her last night. Rushing toward the door someone knocks before I can answer. Oh great. If another visitor comes, there is no excuse in the world that will be acceptable. Staying would be the polite thing to do. Opening the door, my worry turns into elation. Peter stands in front of me, his dark eyes lighting up. He has a giant sized bag of smart food in one hand and roses in another. His gifts are adorable.
“Chelsea, I thought I could surprise you,” he says breathlessly “But, Malcolm and Nathan had the same idea. They are down the hall arguing over who gets the car.” I smirk and brush my lips over his. Jake startles me by placing a hand on my shoulder.
“Who’s he?” Jake asks more out of interest. Peter doesn’t look in the least bit worried about another guy being in our suite. He simply smiles and explains that he’s my boyfriend. For the first time since I’ve seen him, Jake grins wide.
“I’m Danny’s brother Jake,” he says. My boyfriend looks over his shoulder and tenses. He chuckles and we lock eyes. He doesn’t want to be around for Jake and Malcolm meeting and neither do I.
“Let me put this stuff away,” I suggest. Jake moves over to the side and I’m quick about tossing the smart food on the bed and using an empty water bottle as a make-shift vase. Tia’s up and about which is a good thing. When I return, Carmen is dressed in leggings and a shirt that reaches mid thy. Jake, who has returned to the love seat stares at her and it’s clear that Carmen may want to reconsider her choice of crush. His eyes narrow on her face and it fills with anger. When his eyes lock with mine, I want to faint. I’ve never seen someone that upset before. It takes me a while to notice the source of his anger, Carmen’s black eye. Jake takes a deep breath then scowls at Carmen as if her having a black eye is all of her fault.
“What happened to your eye?” Jake asks.
“Danny punched me. I…” He calmly walks over to her, grabs her arm and drags her out the door. It’s evident that he and Carmen have some unfinished business to talk over. Danny curses, stands and sees Peter standing awkwardly beside the door.
“You made it up here?” Danny asks. The barely contained jealousy in her eyes makes Tia glare at her. I ignore Danny, Take Peter’s hand and we walk into the hallway.  Apparently, I just love pissing Malcolm off. When I spot him, I glare. He doesn’t seem surprised by the hostility that greets him. But to his credit, he ignores it.
“Is Danny awake?” he asks. Nathan seems flushed and agitated.
“I want to take Eliza to a museum,” he hisses.
“I won the coin toss,” Malcolm reminds him. As Peter is about to take the keys I yank them out of his grasp.
“Neither of you should be driving anyone around. I seem to remember that I had to drive both of your ladies home. I don’t like driving the Caravan, so picking them up isn’t going to be an option,” I snap.  Everyone stares at me. Nathan looks embarrassed while Malcolm seems kind of agitated.
“In my defense, Eliza ran off,” Nathan argues. Because he is the least likely to leave his girlfriend stranded, I toss him the keys. Malcolm looks momentarily bummed, but at least he can acknowledge the truth in what I’m saying. Nathan rushes past us and knocks on the door. When it opens he rushes in and the three of us are left in the hallway.
“Malcolm, she does have a point,” Peter says, his eyes growing serious. Danny rushes out, sees Malcolm and shakes her head.
“What are you doing here?” Her anger is definitely uncalled for. For one thing, she was angry when she hadn’t thought that Malcolm had come. I’m about to tell her that when Malcolm answers.
“I figured that we could go out to lunch. Maybe we can take a walk down town and see the sights.” Danny shakes her head.
“I’m not walking.” Seriously? Danny is being a brat right now. Before I can say something to defend Malcolm, Jake strolls out from around the corner and tosses Malcolm his keys.
“Take her out of here,” he orders. Sensing the belligerence that is pouring off of Jake, Malcolm grabs Danny’s arm and ushers her toward the elevator.
“Where’s Carmen?” I ask after searching the hall for her.  Jake actually smiles at me. He probably will be nice to anyone that didn’t punch her.
“Sleeping. She’s tired,” he says.
“Grandma forced you to get a room here,” I finally realize. Jake nods.
“She told me that either I come to the hotel to assure that Eliza stays out of trouble, or she sends Otis to pick you guys up to send to Ryan and Violet,” Jake admits. Judging by the wince, he’s gotten sent there before.
“What’s going to happen to Tia?” Peter asks us.
“She’s going to go to the spa,” my cousin Tia answers as she waltzes out of the room.
“Where’s Eliza?” Jake asks with suspicion.
“Making out with Nathan. It’s disgusting,” she whines.
“Who’s Nathan?”
“Don’t worry Jake. He’s under thirty,” Tia assures as she runs toward the elevator. Danny’s brother looks relieved.
“Eliza has gone to rehab,” he explains before heading down the hall. Peter frowns, shakes his head, and then grabs my hand.

Chapter 14
“Another cheeseburger!” Peter exclaims with false cheeriness, as the goodness is placed in front of me. He steals a fry from my plate and chuckles at my glare.
“Get your own food,” I playfully whine.
“Why would I do a thing like that when eating yours is more economical?” His grin is wide and makes my heart clench. What a beauty he is. I’m not saying that Peter is perfect. But he’s the closest to it.
“I still can’t believe that you guys drove up here to see us.” Peter doesn’t answer. Instead he stares as Jake and Carmen make their way over to our table. Actually, Carmen his rushing toward us, her expression pinched with aggravation, and Jake is trying to catch up to her. She quickly slides in beside me and steals a fry. Jake stands their awkwardly until Peter smirks at him.
“Are you eating lunch with us?” Jake pauses, decides that this might be a good idea then plops down.  It sucks not having any alone time with Peter. In a way I sort of wish that he was rude. Adam would have told Jake and Carmen to take a hike. But, my boyfriend isn’t like that. The waiter, a guy dressed in a buttoned down shirt, black slacks with an apron over the
 Ensemble takes Jake and Carmen’s orders. Jake gets a turkey club while Carmen chooses a salad. Because we don’t want to be awkward, Peter and I stop eating and Carmen begins to speak.
“Jake, it was nice of you to agree to check on us,” she shyly says. I’m worried that Danny’s brother will ignore her. But he doesn’t. In fact, it appears that his eyes are all for her.
“It was no problem. I didn’t have anything else to do. So Chelsea,” Jake says, his eyes land on me and he grins. “How are you liking the mansion?” Carmen looks between Jake and me in confusion. I shrug and contemplate how I’m going to answer his question.
“I…” This is the time to tread carefully.  It isn’t like the rich life has grown on me or anything. Though, it is highly convenient to have an endless supply of money. But what can I really say about living with my grandmother that won’t sound superficial? Peter isn’t into the snooty type. He’s more into a laid back girl that enjoys life. My boyfriend’s eyes rest on me, trying to figure out the real answer. I play with a fry.
“Well, I like the company,” I opt to say. Jake nods in understanding.
“But you don’t like Grandma’s company,” Carmen adds, her voice sounding disapproving. I glance at her, surprised by the comment.
“I…”
“It’s amazing if you think about it,” Carmen responds, interrupting me. Just like that, I’m in the bathroom. Everything’s gone wrong. Adam has just cheated on me. He probably did so because he had an ugly girlfriend who he couldn’t stay faithful to. Looking in the mirror, all I can see is my ugly face. My…
“Chelsea,” Carmen calls, sounding aggravated.
“What,” I hiss. For goodness sakes, Carmen isn’t going to see me break. I’m stronger than her. All she ever does is hide in Danny’s shadow. I don’t hide in anyone’s shadow. I’m strong.
“All I’m saying is that if you hate Grandma so much, why don’t you just leave?” she inquires. Leaving isn’t much of an option anymore. Where would I even go? My parents are over a thousand miles away.  That would also mean not seeing Peter anymore. Over the last weeks, he has become my best friend. That’s something that you don’t find every day.
“My parents want me to stay,” I quietly respond. Thank goodness, the waiter returns with their food and I continue eating my burger. Peter absentmindedly picks at his tuna sandwich. That’s odd considering that he usually eats with more enthusiasm.
“Bull,” Carmen says after standing up straighter. Her cool eyes lock on my face as she continues talking. “I think that your family is using grandma.”
“What!” The explosive shriek turns heads. Jake ducks his head, not liking that much attention. Peter sighs, obviously wanting to just run away.
“Chelsea, here’s how I see it. You don’t hang out with Grandma. She gives you an allowance. You spend it on Peter, no offense to you. What do you do for her?” Peter glares at Carmen. That’s something that takes everyone even Jake by surprise.
“She hasn’t spent any money on me,” he interjects.
“Who’s going to pay the bill for this lovely restaurant?” Carmen asks. Jake smirks.
“I am. It’s the least that I can do since I’m the reason why she’s in this mood,” Jake announces before slipping out of the booth and walking over to the receptionist table.
“Carmen, I don’t know why you rich people always think that we less fortunate are using you for something,” I snap. When I’m angry, my voice will carry for miles. This is enough. First, Danny wants to give me problems because who could ever ask her to keep her mouth shut? Next, Eli comes up with a ridiculous plan to take a road trip, which I only agree with so Carmen could see Dominic. I’m sore, tired, and irritable because I had to do all of the driving. Besides that, Malcolm and Nathan had the dumbest argument known to man. And now, a little brat is accusing me of using Grandmother? That woman has been a constant thorn in my side for as long as I could remember. She has alienated my parents and disinherited them. And now, this stuck up nosy brat wants to say I'm taking advantage of her?
“Chelsea,” Peter calls softly. But his gentle voice doesn’t soothe me.
“Are you stupid, naive, or just clueless? I’m not using Grandma. She offered to do a favor for my parents. Think, Carmen. My parents are in a new city, trying to set things up for me. They need a few months to afford necessities like a bed, furniture, and other things you take for granted. My poor parents had to sleep on the floor, the first week they stayed there because they didn’t have enough money to ship their things.  You have no idea what it’s like for me. I didn’t want to live with Grandma, she insisted. My parents just thought that they were giving me a better life,” I hiss. Jake, who has returned to the table, holds up a hand.
“Carmen, apologize,” he orders. My cousin shakes her head.
“I think your father is the thief,” she announces. Peter stands, walks over to me, and wraps his arm around my elbow. But it’s too late. Because I’m so angered by that ridiculous comment, I take my glass of juice and toss the contents in her face. Jake sighs as Peter and I walk out of the restaurant.
“I can’t believe this,” I hiss as we make our way into the hotel lobby. My anger is slowly fading and exhaustion is making my limbs heavy. He wraps an arm around me and sighs.
“Carmen is angry, confused, and desperate. Whoever stole from your grandmother must have taken something valuable,” he figures.
“My parents would never steal from her. They really are in Minnesota. I…”
“Chelsea, I know that. It’s okay,” he softly says as he wraps me in his arms. I wrap my arms around Peter and press my face into his shirt. He holds me to him.
“I want to go back to Gately,” I say into his chest.
“Will your grandmother be okay with that?” he asks.
“I don’t care. Peter, I’m not in the mood to see Carmen right now.” He kisses me on top of the head before releasing me.
“You can drive back with us. We weren’t planning on staying long anyways,” Peter tells me as we make our way to the elevator hand and hand. The suite is quiet when we enter. Nathan and Eliza are sharing a bag of chips in the living room. She looks up when she hears the door open.
“Chelsea, what’s wrong?” Eliza asks.
“I’m leaving,” I mumble, not wanting to talk about it. Eliza straightens, her eyes looking very confused.
“You’re going to Minneapolis?” she asks.
“No, I’m going back to the mansion. Carmen and I got into a huge fight, and I think its best that I leave,” I say. Eliza shakes her head.
“Everyone fights with Carmen. She’s difficult,” she pleads.
“Eliza, this is the kind of fight that ends friendships,” I warn. My cousin pats the couch and I sit beside her. Peter sits in the love seat. It sounds foolish but I long to sit beside him, feeling the heat radiating from his body.
“Tell us about it. I’m sure that whatever it is, it can be fixed,” she says with confidence.  I shake my head.
“Eliza, once people say certain things to you, there is no taking the words back,” I respond. Peter sighs. This has apparently been too much drama for him.
“As soon as Malcolm comes back, we can be on the road,” he says.
“Chelsea, my uncle has your car. How will we drive it back if we don’t have the keys?” Eliza asks.
“I’ll take Chelsea to the dealership. She will drive you guys back and…”
“No,” Eliza shrieks. “Chelsea, Carmen says a lot of stupid things. You can’t just leave.” I finally give in and tell Eliza how Carmen has embarrassed us. She groans.
“Go, I totally understand,” she admits. Her eyes grow wary and the disappointment is obvious. I want to tell her that maybe this will all blow over. But those would just be empty words.  Carmen has crossed a line and there is no turning back. As much as I have grown this summer, I can’t forgive something like that. And that is just too darn bad.
“Have you guys eaten?” Nathan asks.
“Barely. We’ll grab some subs on the way back,” Peter insists. And just like that, our conversation ends.  With dread and weariness in my heart I make my way to the master suite and pack.
“Can I come in?” Peter asks. It has been a half an hour and he has graciously left me alone.
“Come in,” I say. Peter makes his way over to me with gentle dark eyes that always seem to make things better. If I could, I would jump inside of his skin just to get some form of comfort. He tentatively wraps his arms around me and I pull him close. His touch is exactly what could turn this day around. As Peter strokes my back, tears begin to fall.  It angers me that someone like Carmen could make me feel so vulnerable. Her accusations come back to me. I’m a user. I don’t appreciate anything that Grandma has done for me. Peter spends her money. These presumptions are what trouble me most.  She can say whatever she wants about me. On some level, Carmen’s right. I haven’t made any effort to get to know Grandma. Spending her money comes effortlessly. It is as if I feel entitled to it.
“Sweetheart, it’s all right,” he whispers. His endearment alone is enough to lift my spirits.
“Maybe she’s right. Maybe I am a user,” I sniffle against his chest.
“Chelsea, you haven’t asked your grandmother for anything.  All of the stuff she gave you, that was all that she wanted to give you. You shouldn’t feel like you’re using her,” he says softly.
“I always felt as though Grandmother owed me something. She’s been the stuck up rich woman who always looked down on Mom and Dad. On some level, I hated her. And yet, it’s so easy to take her money.”
“Chelsea, it was she who insisted you come to Gately. She made you quit your job. What were you supposed to do?” Peter asks.
“How can you stand me?” The question is random and catches him off guard.
“How can I stand you? What do you mean?” he asks.
“After all I’ve put you through, you are still here. Why?”
“Do you not want me to be?” Peter asks hesitantly.
“No, Peter, I don’t want you here, I need you. You are the reason why this summer was filled with so much life. I have no idea what I would do without you,” I say. For a moment, he pauses as if not knowing what to say.
“Well, I guess it’s a good thing that you’ll never have to find out,” he whispers. His breath on my skin makes me shiver. At this moment, the only thing I want, no, I need, is to feel his lips on mine. Gently, as if to assure Peter that he has a choice in this I wrap my arms around his neck and pull his head down to mine. He lifts me up so that he could have better access to my lips and I wrap my legs around his waist. Our kiss is soft and gentle. It’s everything that I’ve ever wanted. He slowly tastes my mouth as if it’s a delicacy.  I marvel at the fact that someone could make me feel so pretty, so confident, and so raw. Our kiss is what begins to put my heart back together again. Peter releases me and chuckles.
“Chelsea, are you sure you want to go? You should probably try to work things out with Carmen,” he suggests. His words are delivered with caution and I appreciate them. Peter only wants me to do what’s best for me. I run my fingers through my hair and sigh.
“I’m just not ready yet, Peter. It’s weird but I’ve always had a problem with forgiving people,” I admit.
“I don’t think that’s true,” Peter gently corrects.
“Oh?”
“I think that you have a problem with forgiving the wrong people.” He smirks at me obviously to lighten the mood then sits on the bed.
“Where’s Malcolm?” I ask.
“On the beach with Danny. They will be back in twenty minutes,” Peter informs me.
“I’m sorry that our perfectly exciting day got ruined,” I say.
“It’s no problem, I…” Danny, who’s supposed to be back in twenty minutes runs into the suite and straight into the master bedroom. I stare at her. She’s in a swim suit and her curly hair is frizzy from the water. Without saying a word, Danny wraps her arms around me and gives me a huge squeeze. I think this is the moment that seals the deal for me. Danny Jones is officially my best friend. She pulls away and shakes her head.
“I understand why you are leaving. Jake told me everything,” she says. “I just don’t get why you’re leaving. Carmen…” Danny pauses then shakes her head.
“Carmen?” I ask.
“Jake told her that Dominic is interested in another girl. He told her that she didn’t have a chance with Dominic. Unfortunately, she took it hard. I…”
“Maybe my leaving will be for the best.  You guys can help her get over Dominic way better than I could,” I point out.
“I guess so. But… She pauses, sucks in a deep breath then smirks.
“Let’s just say that Jake hates problems and solutions if you get what I mean,” Danny says before kissing me on the cheek and picking up my bag.

Chapter 15

The ride in Nathan's mother’s van is comfortable. Since Nathan is driving and Malcolm called shotgun, Peter and I are left to cuddle in the back.  We could have sat in the seats directly behind the driver but we opted to go into the very back. I feel comforted with his arm around me. The radio is playing and no one can really hear the conversation that we are having.  Since Amy is still in residence, Grandmother is allowing me to stay there. She has instructed Jake to drive back with the girls. I sort of feel bad for him. But what can I do.
“If you weren’t going into the military, what would you do?” Peter asks. I’m absentmindedly stroking the back of his hand when he asks the question. I look up into his eyes and sigh.
“I don’t know.  I don’t really have a passion for anything besides food,” I answer.
“What about baking?”
“I love baking. If life wasn’t in the way I would work in a bakery,” I muse.
“Chelsea’s bakery,” Peter says. “It has a nice ring to it.”
“Jacobs’ Dental,” I say. “That doesn’t sound half bad.”  He chuckles and gives me a squeeze.
“No, I suppose it doesn’t. Chelsea, when you enlist, what branch of the military do you want to be in?”  I frown. I’ve always wanted to work in the Air Force. Maybe I could fly planes. But after thinking about it, maybe I would be better suited in the Navy.
“Either the Navy or the Air Force.” He winces for a moment. I can see it in Peter’s eyes, he hates that he’ll have to worry about me. But I’m not changing my mind. Let’s take all of the selfish reasons and pull them aside, enlisting makes me feel like I have a purpose in life. There’s no way that I could pass something like that up. It’s something that I have to do. Maybe, since I’ve caused so much wrong in the world I can fix it somehow.
“Chelsea…” Peter pauses, not knowing what to say. He considers something and then speaks. “I hope you understand that I have no problem waiting for you. I can do the long distance thing. I…” I lean in and kiss him. It’s odd, but hearing Peter talk about the fact that we will be separated is making me not want to enlist. I don’t want to be held back just because I love him. Oh no, I love him? I’m actually in love with Peter Jacobs. Sitting in the back of a van probably isn’t the right time to say it. But the words come out anyways.
“I love you,” I whisper. He’s stunned and his face lights up with a bright smile.
“It’s about time that you succumb to my awesomeness.” He kisses my nose, chuckles, then says, “I love you too, sweetheart.” I’m about to tease him when my phone rings. My first instinct is to ignore it because someone is calling from a blocked number. But curiosity gets the best of me.
“Chelsea?” Adam groans. He sounds terrible so I don’t hassle him for calling.
“Are you sick?” I ask, feeling confused.
No, my father died an hour ago. He had a heart attack at work. It was too late to save him,” Adam explains. His voice is quivering. I’m not sure what to say.
“I’m sorry to hear that, Adam,” I say.
“Chelsea, I need to see you. Where are you?” The desperate urgency in his voice calls to something deep inside of me.
“I’m with Peter. We are probably an hour and a half away from Elmview,” I tell him.
“Come see me, Chelsea. I need you,” he begs. I’m unsure of how to react. Adam needs me? What happened to Ivy? Why can’t she be there for him? What can I do for him? How can I be there for him? Am I able to be Adam Smith’s friend?  My heart belongs to Peter now. I can’t offer him anything else.
“I’ll see what I can do,” I respond blandly. Adam is satisfied with the answer. He says goodbye to me and hangs up. I fill Peter in and he ponders the situation for a moment.
“Did you know Adam’s father?” he asks.
“Barely. He hardly talked to me,” I say as a tear rolls down my face.  Okay, to be perfectly honest, I’m the one who cries when a random celebrity dies. I would cry if I found out that the cashier from a store I shopped at died. If this person had a place in my life, no matter how minuscule, I cry. I have seen Adam’s father Jason over the last two years in various stages of drunkenness. He may not have been the best father for Adam, but he was Adam’s father. So, I’m sitting in a car full of guys with tears streaming down my face. Peter holds me and tells me that Jason is in a better place. He assures me that he’ll drop me off at Adam’s house then pick me up later. Maybe we can go out to dinner afterward. His offer sounds nice, so I take it.
“This is a horrible idea,” Malcolm hisses when he discovers where I’m going. We both ignore him. It’s clear that Peter’s older brother has never been a fan of my ex. Not that I blame him. But still, he should have a heart. The man’s father just died.
“Don’t leave me there for more than an hour,” I beg as we pull into peter’s uncle’s house. He chuckles.
“Chelsea, just call me when you’re ready,” Peter urges. Nathan collapses the seats in front of us and Peter jumps out and I follow. I give my boyfriend a huge hug and kiss his neck. Hopefully, he can lend me some of his strength. I will need it to deal with Adam. I wave at the other two boys and cross the street. Adam’s father’s jeep is in the driveway which drives the point home that he’s really dead. I walk up to the porch and ring the bell. Adam opens the door and smiles at me.
“You came,” he says in amazement. I’ve got to say, he looks a lot better than he sounded on the phone. I’m suddenly uncomfortable about coming in. Something isn’t right about Adam’s state.
“Want to come in?” he asks me.
“Not really,” I answer as I lean against the porch railing. Adam sighs and comes out.
“Where’s your convertible?” he asks.
“Peter dropped me off,” I say, trying to make conversation. Adam nods in understanding. He suddenly looks irritated about something.
“Why didn’t you drive yourself?” he snaps. I frown at the ground. There isn’t really a reason for that.
Because…” Chelsea, don’t give him an excuse. You know what’s going to happen. He’ll get mad and will lose his temper. Just act as sweet as possible.
“Because what?” he asks slowly.
“I was hanging with the girls in Connecticut and Peter picked me up so that we could go out to dinner,” I explain. His blue eyes grow icier by the second. He apparently doesn’t like my explanation.
“I need twenty-five thousand dollars. Do you have it?” he asks. My mouth pops open.
“What?”
“Chelsea, my dad is dead, which means that I’m on my own. Do you have the money or not?” He’s desperate. His hands are shaking and sweat begins to coat his forehead. I frown.
“Adam, are you in some kind of trouble?” It wouldn’t be easy to get him the money. But maybe if I appealed to Grandmother, she would understand. Who am I kidding, she hates Adam.
“Yes, Chelsea, I am in trouble. Why else do you think I’m asking you for your money? My father had some gambling debts. If I don’t pay them. Well… You know what happens,” he says.
“I’m officially speechless. Is he serious? My grandmother’s warnings about Adam finally make sense. He’s nothing but a loser and a user. I can’t believe he pretended to be broken up about his father’s death. That’s just sick.
“Adam, I don’t have that kind of money.” He growls then walks extremely close to me. His breath, laced with beer, lands on my face and I feel very uncomfortable.
“How much do you have?” he hisses.
“Um… I’m not sure. I’d have to check my bank statement.” I’ll lie and never come back. His troubles are just that, his troubles. He doesn’t have to know that I have eighty thousand in my account at this very second.
“Where’s your phone?” he asks. I’m floored. Why is he asking that?
“In my purse,” I say. He pulls away and holds out his hand. I frown.
“Why do you want my phone, Adam?” He sighs in impatience.
“Because the last I remember you have online banking,” he points out. My heart sinks. He’s going to want me to fork over my phone. I don’t care what he expects, he’s not getting my password.
“Adam, no.” My voice is firm. He presses even closer to me which isn’t acceptable.
“Just give me your phone, Chelsea,” he demands. I shake my head no in case he has lost the ability to understand the English language.  Grandma had given me the money to spend on the other girls, not to fund Adam. In fact if she even knew that I was seeing him all hell would break loose.
“Chelsea, you disappoint me,” Adam says as he steps back.
“I know how you feel, I'm disappointed in you too,” I retort.
“Not a month ago, you were ready to do anything for me. Now, you meet another guy and everything has changed?” he asks.
“You chose Ivy over me. It’s not my fault that you chose wrong.” The words come out sharp. Adam growls and slaps me across the face. Seriously, what’s with men and their sudden desire to beat me up? Ignoring the sting of my cheek, I knee him and swerve past him toward the stairs. Adam is sucking his breath in and out and this is the perfect time to get away.  Then she comes out of nowhere. Ivy dives at me, making me lose my balance and sending me falling to the pavement. My purse breaks my fall. Ouch! I quickly roll over and look up at the boyfriend stealing tramp.  She stares down at me with intensity that makes me queasy.
“Give me the purse,” she hisses. For a moment, I’m filled with shock and confusion. Ivy getting violent without backup seems ridiculous. Then, I remind myself that the girl who tormented me for years wants to get physical. I leap to my feet and punch her right in the face.  Ivy falls to the ground, Blood gushes from her nose as a result of the blow.  Before Adam can fully recover I’m running down the driveway, passed the jeep and into the street.   The movements come effortlessly. Peter doesn’t live that far from here, just a few blocks. My heart sinks as I hear pounding footsteps behind me. Spinning around I glare at Adam whose face is full of anger. We have an audience now but it’s doubtful that anyone will intervene.
“Just back off,” I say.
“Not until you give me your phone,” Adam shouts.
“You can’t be serious, Adam. I can’t give you twenty-five thousand dollars,” I argue. His face twists into a cruel smirk.
“You know Chelsea, Peter isn’t in Gately. I may not be able to get to you, but my friends and I can pay him a visit,” Adam threatens.
“And?” Malcolm asks as he wraps an arm around me. Thank goodness he didn’t go home right away.
“And I can repay your brother for giving me the black eye. Chelsea, how do you feel about that? Do you understand what will happen if you don’t give me the money?” Adam shouts. I shiver at the thought of Peter getting hurt.
“And then you’ll need even more money and my brother will be threatened,” Malcolm argues. Don’t mess with me, Malcolm. I assure you that my friends can visit you as well,” Adam hisses.
“Adam, leave them alone,” I snap.
“Or else?” He laughs when I can’t come up with anything to threaten him with. Seriously, Adam has the upper hand. But Malcolm is right. If I give in and give Adam the money, then he will threaten Peter every time he’s in a bind.
“Or else your parole officer and I will have a chat. You just hit me in broad day light. I can press charges against you and you’ll be back in jail.” The words have barely left my mouth when three tall burly guys turn onto our street. Adam smirks at them. The taller of the two men nods and all four of them attack Malcolm. Well, they try to attack him. I immediately kick one of the guys in the balls then kick him hard in the knee. Gravity does the rest. He falls on the pavement and cracks his head on someone’s trash can on the way down. I spin around and see that Malcolm has knocked out one of the guys. Adam and his friend are trying to throw punches at him but Malcolm keeps on dodging. He leaps, spins, and dances out of the way of all of their blows. Then, he delivers a hard kick to Adam’s stomach that probably shatters his entire rib cage. Adam falls to the ground and Ivy creeps toward the fight. No one is paying any attention to her. But I am. She’s slowly advancing on Malcolm’s back as he begins to fight the fourth man. My mouth pops open when I see that Ivy is actually holding a kitchen knife.  My blood runs cold. Malcolm is about to be killed. I can’t let that happen. There is no way that this is going to happen. Knowing that Ivy’s target is Malcolm, I run toward her, lash out with my foot and send her sprawling to the ground once again. She releases the knife and I snatch it.  Getting to my feet I kick her in the face as hard as I can then spin around to see that Adam the rat has gotten up. On impulse, I dive for him, trying to intimidate him with the knife.
“Stop,” I hiss. It had to be the warning in my voice but the men all look at me.
“If you don’t leave, I’ll use this knife.” Fat chance. I would rather gut myself then cut someone. But these boys don’t have to know that. Adam punches me in the face and I see stars. Instinctively, I swing with my other hand, too late remembering that I’m still clutching the knife. Adam grunts as the blade slices him on the fore arm. His blood begins pouring and that’s enough to make him back off. Without another thought he runs over to Ivy, scoops her up and runs off. The other three men, who are as stunned or disturbed as Adam follow their friend Malcolm walks over to me and gently removes the knife from my grip.
“Ivy was going to stab you from behind. I got the knife from her,” I explain. He smirks.
“Thanks for saving my life,” he says before gesturing me to follow him. Malcolm tosses the knife in a random trash can as we walk down the street. I can’t help it. I glare at a few of the bystanders that didn’t bother calling for help. This isn’t the best side of town. But still. Ivy was going to kill Malcolm, and no one was going to do anything to prevent it. 
“What’s up?” he asks right after we cross a busy street.
“Malcolm, my grandmother warned me about Adam. She thought that he was nothing but bad news. She was right. Why hadn’t I listened?”
“Because you are a girl. Most girls don’t listen when people try to warn them about their boyfriends. Believe me, I have firsthand experience,” he muses.
“Would you have listened to your mother if she told you that Danny was bad news?” I challenge.
“Maybe. I probably would have stayed vigilant,” he says.
“Before I forget, thanks for saving me. I don’t know what I would have done if Adam beat me up.”
“You are pretty good with hand to hand combat,” Malcolm says.
“Before everything happened, I use to be into martial arts,” I tell him.
“Maybe you should get back into it,” he suggests.
“Maybe.  It’s really useful. When I join the military, I will have an extra advantage,” I say.
“I can actually see it,” he admits.
“See what?” I ask.
“You in the military. You will make a good soldier,” he says as we walk over to my house. Peter is walking to his car, a scowl on his face when he spots us. Lilly, who is following behind him arches a brow.
“How did your love fest turn violent?” Lilly asks more confused than anything.
“It was never a love fest. It turns out, Adam wants me to give him twenty-five thousand dollars,” I announce and my boyfriend’s face darkens. He walks over to me and gently strokes my cheek.  
“I saw you two on the porch,” he softly says. “You were so close together.” I sigh.
“He wanted to intimidate me, Peter,” I snap. It hurts that he doesn’t trust me. Then again, how could he? I have been fickle over the last month.
“Oh. Chelsea, I had no idea. What happened?” he asks.
“He tried to beat Malcolm up. Ivy tried to stab him. I took the knife out of her hands and accidentally stabbed Adam. They all ran off. It’s not over though,” I warn. Lilly’s mouth hangs wide open.
“You stabbed Adam?” she nearly shrieks.
“No, I accidentally cut him. There’s a difference,” I state testily.
“What do you mean it’s not over?” Peter asks. 
“He told me that if I didn’t give him the money, he would attack you. I…” Peter curses then balls up his fist. It looks like he wants to punch something.
“Attack me? Chelsea, what kind of guy were you dating?” he hisses.
“Apparently, a psycho. I didn’t know about his connection to those guys. Honestly, he had always been nice to me,” I say not wanting to talk about the one occasion when he hit me.  That’s embarrassing.
“Chelsea, my family is being targeted?” he demands.
“Yes… I…” His face fills with anger.
“Let me take you home. Malcolm, I want you and Nathan to come with. My mom and dad are at a couples retreat. I don’t need to worry about them,” Peter says. Malcolm nods then runs inside to get Nathan.
“Lilly, I…”
“I know, I should go. Peter, I’m glad that everything worked out for you,” she says before walking away. I sigh and wrap my arms around Peter. It is so good to see that he’s safe. He feels safe. Peter kisses my forehead and whispers that he loves me.
“I’m sorry about this. If only I had listened,” I say.
“Chelsea, it’s all right. Everything will be all right,” he tells me. Nathan runs out, which causes us to separate.
“He hands me an ice pack and we hop into the van. Malcolm joins us and we are on our way to the mansion.

Chapter 16

One would think that I wouldn’t notice that no one is here. But the emptiness just closes around me as we enter the house. The lights are on, which means that someone is here to clean. Since the cook has the day off, dinner is my responsibility. Grandmother sees this as a potential problem. Would the woman be scandalized by the fact that Mom and Dad rarely ever cooked? Gasp! I had to take on the role.
“Where to?” Peter asks as he drags the luggage.
“To my room. After I unpack we can order a few pizzas,” I offer. Nathan objects.
“After realizing how Carmen really feels, I don’t think I want anything your Grandmother buys,” he admits bluntly. His dark eyes are filled with a mixture of hurt and disgust. That makes a twinge of regret spread through me. Maybe telling Eliza and Nathan hadn’t been the wisest move. If Carmen and I were ever to make up, it would be awkward whenever we hung out. This can pose a problem in the future.
“We can go to the diner,” Peter suggests. Malcolm and Nathan nod.
“I just want to stay in,” I wine, before thinking better of it. Peter frowns. Apparently, he doesn’t like the idea of being here either.
“Chelsea, Sweetheart, I don’t think I could eat any your grandmother’s food either. It’s clear that Carmen has a problem with us,” he says.
“Guys, she’s in my position. Carmen is a trust fund baby. Why should we care what she thinks?” Everyone looks uncomfortable. Peter nods and Nathan and Malcolm leave without as much as a goodbye. When we are alone, Peter looks at his feet.
“Chelsea,” he begins, before running his fingers through his hair. I start to feel uneasy as his eyes refuse to meet mine.
“What?”
“Look, I love you. You know that,” he pleads. “But I can't be with you. Chelsea, Adam is dangerous and…” Fury pulses to the surface. Adam. Peter is breaking up with me because he’s afraid of Adam?
“So you’re a coward! You’re not man enough to stand up to some street thugs?” Peter never loses his temper. And let me just say, it’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever seen.
“Chelsea, it’s not about me. I can’t expect Malcolm, Nathan, and Craig to fight my battles. It’s clear that Adam will hurt anyone related to me. I’m not afraid of him. I just don’t want any trouble,” he snaps in a low controlled voice.
“So, in other words, I’m not worth fighting for,” I shout. Peter’s eyes narrow and he shakes his head.  My heart is breaking into shreds. Anger is all I have left. It’s the only reason why I’m not on the floor weeping hysterically.
“You are worth fighting for, Chelsea. But this isn’t about us. This is about my family. Why should they fight for you?” he reasons. And what Peter says is making sense. But I’m too angry to process it. How dare he open me up to love then take it all away? Why is he doing this? At this moment, I’ve never been angrier than I am right now. My hands are shaking and my head is pounding. Without thought, I slap him across the face. Peter has to be feeling what I am. He needs to understand the damage that he has done. How could he do this to me? When I need him most, he dumps me.
“Chelsea, stop,” he orders. He isn’t even yelling. That guy must be a saint. For his softness, I slap him again and again. Finally, he reacts by shoving me against the wall and holds my wrists over my head. His body is warm and his scent fills my nose. He’s so close that our breath is mingling. I have the urge to kiss him. But then reality hits, he isn’t mine anymore.
“Chelsea,” he whispers.
“Stop, don’t talk to me.” The words come out weak and fragile. That pisses me off because I’m stronger than this. All I have to do is knee him and Peter would be flat on the ground.  But my angry mind somehow doesn’t have control of my body.
“Peter, I’m sorry. I want to be with you. I just don’t… Adam is much more dangerous than you think he is,” Peter admits.  
“What are you talking about?” I ask, wanting to slap him again.
“Chelsea, if he wants your money, he will get it. Then, you’ll give it to him and he will demand more of it. He runs with dangerous people. I… I don’t want my brothers to get caught up in this,” he pleads.
“What about me?” My selfish question looks to have broken through his composure of calm.
“I hope you do the smart thing and ask your Grandmother what to do. We are powerless, Chelsea. Maybe she’ll have other ideas,” Peter suggests. Adam is on probation. If he commits one more offense, it’s back to jail for him. All I have to do is make sure he is in the wrong place at the wrong time. Peter is right. He will get dragged into this if we stay together. Maybe, after the whole plan is set in motion, we can talk about a relationship. But now, he has to leave so that I can figure out how to get Adam into trouble. The obvious choice would be to tell him that I want him back. Maybe, we could throw a party, alcohol will definitely be present. He will drink then the cops will break up the party. Everyone else would get slaps on the wrist, but Adam would go to jail. Now, that sounds like a plan.  But, that would mean getting close to the person that I accidentally stabbed with a knife. He would be furious. Adam always had a nasty temper.
“Maybe,” I say. “I understand why you have to keep your distance. But…” I choose my words carefully. “Do you really have to break up with me?” Peter’s dark eyes fill with indecision. He doesn’t want us to be over. That much is clear.  He sighs and presses his forehead to mine.
“Chelsea, I have the feeling that you are about to do something reckless,” he mutters. And that’s why I love Peter so much. He knows me so well.
“I’m not going to let Adam take you away from me,” I tell him softly.  Peter releases my hands and does something that is so out of character. He kisses me with passion so hot, I feel like I’m going to combust.  My arms wrap around his neck as his lips move from mine and he trails gentle kisses from my cheek bone to the side of my neck. He makes his way back to my lips and he slides his tongue into my mouth and slowly engages me. His hands are on my hips and he’s as close to me as possible. But it’s clear that he wants to be closer. For the first time, I think about how nice it would be to feel that close to someone. Adam didn’t treat me so gently. So it never occurred to me to take the next step with him. Besides, Mom and Dad were strict and never let me come over Adam’s house without being certain that Mr. Smith was home. But now, we have a mansion all to ourselves. Peter loves me. That is obviously true. But, he doesn’t have any attachments to me. Even if I get rid of Adam, what’s going to stop him from dating someone else? He’s emotional. There is no way that he would be able to forget me after something like that.
“Chelsea,” Peter gasps as he pulls away. For some reason, it is then that I see the hand print on his beautiful face. On instinct I step on my tip-toes and kiss him right where I had slapped him. He shutters at the contact.
“Why did you stop?” I ask. Peter rubs his head and groans.
“Chelsea, I…” “Chelsea, have you ever…”
“No,” I say quickly, making Peter sigh.
“Me either,” he confesses.  That causes me to giggle.
“Seriously? You’re a guy.”
“A guy that had cancer. I had more important things to worry about, like living,” he points out.
“Oh,” I say feeling foolish.
“Chelsea, I don’t want to give you up. In fact, I want to figure out how this can work. Just call your grandmother and figure something out,” he says. “Because no matter how much we beat Adam up, he’s desperate for your money. He will do anything,” Peter tells me before kissing me lightly on the lips.
“You’re heading out?” I ask.
“Yes.  I’ve kept them waiting long enough,” he laughs. I wrap my arms around him, feeling glad that we’ve resolved things. Then, he kisses me one more time before leaving.
I don’t want to call Grandmother. After all, she’s the reason why I’m in this mess. That’s what I decide as I make myself a salami and cheese sandwich with extra mustard. The kitchen is huge with granite counter tops and too many appliances. The towering black refrigerator is stocked well. As much as I itch to use the stove, fatigue begs me to just make a sandwich and pilfer a bag of chips from the pantry, which is the size of a walk in closet.
After eating, I rush up to my room and notice something odd. My Mac is missing. It had last been on my desk. That is beyond frustrating. Maybe Eliza borrowed it. I dig my Iphone out of my purse and dial her number as I prepare my bath.
“What’s up,” Eliza sings.
“Hi. Did you borrow my Mac?” I hear a pause and somehow feel relieved by that. Maybe she’s afraid of answering yes.
“You’re what?”
“My MacBook,” I say.
“Oh, I thought you said you’re ax,” she giggles.
“No, I said Mac,” I reply, sounding a bit testy.
“No. Why?” Her response doesn’t really bother me. Out of everyone, she is the most likely to borrow and ask later. However, that doesn’t mean that Carmen or Danny hadn’t borrowed it.
“Can you ask the girls if they borrowed it?” I ask. She says she will then we hang up. I have just settled in the nice hot bath when the phone rings. I look at it and see Eliza’s name pop up on the display and answer.
“None of us borrowed your Mac,” Eliza says. She sounds a bit concerned.
“Maybe I lost it,” I offer weakly. That's not even logical considering the computer hasn’t moved from my desk since the first day Uncle Eric had placed it there.
“Maybe one of the maids stole it,” Eliza suggests pointedly. “Think about it, Chelsea, with us out of the way, it’s much easier for them to steal,” Eliza reasons.
“I…”
“Just check our rooms to make sure nothing is out of the ordinary,” Eliza suggests.
“I won’t know if anything’s missing,” I argue.
“Just check. I’m sure you’ll notice if something’s out of the ordinary,” Eliza muses.
“Maybe. I’m taking a bath, though. Maybe afterward,” I say.
“So, are you all right?” she randomly asks. I frown at the bathroom wall as if it was the one that asked the question.
“What would make you think that I’m not?” I slowly ask.
“Nathan told me about the fight.  Are you going to give him the money?” Eliza demands.
“No,” I say, knowing that she probably won’t be the one to come up with a good plan. Carmen is the sneaky one. It’s too bad that we aren’t speaking right now or else she would have given me good ideas.
“Then, what are you going to do?” Eliza asks. I sigh.
“Tell Grandmother. She’ll know what to do,” I say, knowing that she’ll probably report back to Nathan.
“She will. With one of her connections, Adam will back off in no time,” she assures me. It seems like Eliza is relieved that her boyfriend won’t have a run in with one of Adam’s friends. I’m pretty sure that Nathan could handle himself in a fight. Though, I do get why hearing that someone that she cares about has the potential to be harmed would put her on edge.  I at this moment am worried about Peter.
“Don’t worry about it,” I say.
“I won’t. Grandma will take care of everything,” Eliza assures me. I want to tell her that she shouldn’t have so much faith in a woman that abandoned her own son, but the argument would only fall on deaf ears.
“I’ll talk to you after I check the rooms,” I assure Eliza. She tells me that she loves me and hangs up. After my bath, it’s evident that the room explorations have to happen tomorrow. I’m sore, exhausted, and anxious. Despite Peter saying that he loves me, he doesn’t call to say goodnight. Instead, he shoots me a text. Is he ignoring me? Maybe he hopes to put some distance between us. Does that boy really think that speaking to me less would reduce the amount of feelings that he has? He’s surely mistaken, I decide as I slip into bed.
My phone wakes me up. I want to ignore the call but decide against it when I see that it’s an unfamiliar number. Deep down inside, I know that it’s Adam. It’s odd the new effect he has on me. My hands shiver as I hit answer.
“Chelsea?” he asks.
“Yes,” I answer.
“Listen to me,” Adam pleads. “I need you to bail me out of jail.” So Adam is in jail, how touching! This is the best morning ever. One minute, he's threatening to hurt Peter, the next, he’s behind bars.
“What happened?” I ask sitting up.
“I… Nothing… Chelsea, do you still love me?” Adam asks.
“No. I love Peter,” I confess. And I’m being perfectly honest when I say that telling him the truth feel satisfying.
“Listen, I’m in a lot of trouble, right now. I’m sorry for what I did yesterday. I’m desperate,” Adam pleads. “So is Ivy. The twenty-five thousand dollars isn’t going to help me anymore. I need more.” I won’t help him. After what happened yesterday, the idiot has to know that. But I have to be careful about my answer. Those guys could attack Peter.
“Adam, I can’t bail you out of jail. I don’t have a car,” I say, thanking God that my car is currently sitting in the car dealership parking lot.
“Oh. Right. Well, I’ll see if someone else can bail me out. But when I’m out, we need to talk, Chelsea,” Adam assures before hanging up. Well, now, let’s deliver the great news to Peter. Right before I call Peter, Eliza texts me.
“Hey, girl, don’t forget to check the rooms.” Of course, that chore had slipped my mind. Figuring that I could talk to Peter and walk at the same time, I slide out of bed, put on a pair of flip-flops and make my way down the hall.
“Chelsea… I…”
“I have some great news,” I say as I walk over to Eliza’s room. Surprise, her room is spotless and I have no clue if anything is missing.
“What?” he asks.
“Adam is in jail. And no one is going to be able to bail him out. He isn’t going to cause trouble for us anymore. Well, I hope.” 
“That’s too bad,” Peter mutters.
“What?”
“Chelsea, Adam’s in jail.  That’s rough. First he lost his father, now he’s stuck behind bars. That must blow,” he tells me. But I can’t bring myself to feel guilty. Adam tried to coerce money out of me. Who does that? Seriously, all he had to do was ask. If Adam had told me what was going on, maybe, I would have lent him the money.
“He’s in prison because of the choices he made, Peter. I can’t feel bad for him,” I say as I walk into Carmen’s room and pause.
“Chelsea, you used to love him. Don’t you feel the least horrible for how his life turned out?” Peter asks.
“No!” I shriek.
“I didn’t mean to insult you. I just…” The stench is overpowering. The sight makes me want to vomit. I can’t feel my legs. Literally they give out from under me and I crumple.
“Peter!” I cry softly.
“Chelsea, what’s going on?” Why? Why did this happen to someone as lovely as Amy.
“I found my Mac,” I tell Peter softly.
“Your Mac book was missing?” he asks. Tears blur my eyes as I take it all in. Carmen’s room is a disaster with drawers torn out of the dressers, clothes and papers everywhere. Someone had sliced the mattress in a few places. Her beautiful aquamarine- colored comforter is balled up on the ground right next to the lifeless decaying body of Amy, the one servant that had been so warm to me.
“Amy’s dead,” I cry into the phone. “Oh Peter, Amy’s dead.”

Chapter 17

“Chelsea, sweetheart, calm down and explain what you’re talking about,” Peter gently tells me.
“It stinks in here,” I cry. I'm seriously in shock. Why is Amy lying near my Mac book? More importantly, why is her throat slit and her skull dented? Who did this? Why did they do this? Why can’t I just get up? Amy’s dead, things need to be done. The proper people need to be notified. Wake up Chelsea! Don’t just sit there. Get up, walk away, and call the police. Someone could still be here. Though, it isn’t likely. A pungent stench is coming from her body.  The poor woman had probably been dead for a few days. Well, I can’t actually be sure. Most of my knowledge comes from law and order SVU.
“Chelsea, what do you mean?” he asks. His gentle voice startles me. I’ve forgotten that I’m on the phone.
“Peter, I need you to come here. Peter,” I begin to sob. The tears come streaming down my face unchecked. Nothing is stopping them.
“Chelsea, what’s happened?” he asks.
“Someone killed Amy,” I cry. And suddenly, Peter’s reassuring me that everything is all right. He tells me to take deep breaths and call the police. Part of me is amazed. Is Peter really eighteen? He acts so much older. I guess he had to grow up quick since the cancer plagued him. But still. Adam would have cursed and told me that he had no idea what I was supposed to do. But my Peter always has the answers.
 “I can’t deal with this.” It’s the truth, why admit it. Between the fight, Peter and my almost break up, and the argument with Carmen, I’m already an emotional wreck. Add in a murder of someone that has been so kind to me, I’m not sure if I can even breathe again.
 “Chelsea, I’m coming,” Peter announces and then the phone goes dead. I still can’t move no matter how much I need to. It may sound ridiculous but nothing at this moment could knock the feeling back in my body. It is as if my muscles have decided to take a nice long nap. But my mind, oh no, it just goes a mile a minute.  But it has one sentence on repeat, I need Peter. I need Peter. He can make it all better.
“Chelsea,” the voice is gentle, soothing, and filled with warmth.
“Peter,” I sob.
“Yes, sweetheart. Come on. Let me get you out of here,” he gently says. I look up into his worried brown eyes, and for some reason, his compassion is what undoes me even more. I begin to cry over and over again. He leans down and scoops me up into his arms. His scent is familiar and because his arms are around me, I feel safe. My cell phone begins to ring. I am still clutching it. Since I’m not exactly in the mood to talk, I don’t make a move to answer the call. Peter carries me to my bedroom. He closes the door behind me and gently places me on the bed. I stare up at him and somehow gain a bit of sanity.
“Peter, did you see?” I ask.
“Yes, sweetheart, I saw her,” he says calmly. My angel sits beside me and wraps an arm around my shoulders.
“Did you call the cops?” I ask.
“Yes. Chelsea, they are here. They came ten minutes ago,” he tells me.
“I didn’t notice,” I admit right before Uncle Kenny walks in. He takes one look at me and frowns.
“Hysterical?” he asks.
“Maybe shock,” Peter clarifies.
“Maybe both,” I interject as my uncle sits on my other side and places a gentle kiss on my forehead.
“Everything will be all right, Chelsea,” he assures me.
“Amy’s gone,” I say. “It won’t be all right.”
“I know. The officers need to catch whoever did this. Can you tell them what you saw?” he asks.
“I saw what you did, a dead woman. What more could I offer?”
“Give me a minute alone with her,” a female voice requests. To my horror, Peter and Kenny both leave. A woman with beautiful chocolate brown skin and a Bob holds a note pad. She’s in a police uniform and her face is clear and free of makeup. She sits in the love seat and looks at me.
“Can you tell me what happened?” she asks.
“My Mac book was missing so I called Eliza. She said that she didn’t take it. She told me to check to make sure that nothing was missing in her room.  I fell asleep so didn’t check until this morning. I…”
“It’s okay,” she says as fresh tears fall down my face.
“She’s gone,” I cry. I just can’t believe the woman that had been so nice to me was dead. She made the mansion so appealing. Now life would surely be different without her.
“I know. Do you know who would have hurt her?” she asks.
“The person that’s been stealing from my grandmother,” I say bluntly. It’s bold of me to point fingers with no proof. Sometimes staying oblivious isn’t the best option. Sticking my head in the sand didn’t stop the thief from taking items from my grandmother. It’s weird how my Mac book is going to be listed as one of the stolen items.
“What do you mean?” the detective asks. She’s friendly enough that I do nothing more than look into her eyes and my entire story springs from my mouth.  She heard everything, including how Adam was trying to coerce me into forking over twenty-five thousand dollars. Regretfully, I let the minor detail about me accidentally stabbing him free as well. The detective gives nothing away. She continues taking notes as I talk. My uncle Kenny cautiously walks in a few moments after the entire story is finished and by the outraged look on his face, he has probably heard the part involving Adam.
“Adam tried to blackmail you?” His blue eyes fill with disgust and concern all at once.
“Yes. I almost lost Peter over it,” I mutter. My uncle sighs and stares at the detective who is studying our interaction with quiet interest.
“Sounds like you have a thief on your hands,” she casually says. My uncle clenches his fists.
“Whoever it is hasn’t killed anyone. Why did this person hurt Amy?” His quiet anger is hanging in the air.  Uncle Kenny had stuck his head in the sand as well.  Maybe if we had been more vigilant the criminal would have been caught. Poor grandmother. She had been the only one besides Uncle Vincent to take any of this seriously.
“Chelsea, Adam’s in prison. So it’s unlikely that he did this. Can you think of anyone else that would have done this?” Right before I can answer my grandmother flies into the room. I launch myself at her and wrap her in a tight embrace. It’s the shock that makes me do this. Her arms are just as tight as mine. Inhaling her floral scent makes me want to cry but no tears fall. I think that I’ve done enough crying for a year.
“Did the other girls come with you?” she demands as we break apart. I shake my head. Grandmother is so fragile. Although it’s mid-summer she wears a white cashmere sweater. Otis is behind her and we simply nod at one another.
“I can’t believe this happened,” I say.
“Neither can I. Chelsea, why don’t you change your clothes and take a bag? Maybe you can drive back up to Connecticut,” she suggests. The thought of being away from Peter sends panic rushing through me. He can make this better. Although Eliza and Danny are great friends, those girls aren’t who I need right now.
“I can’t. Peter,” is all I say. Grandma nods in understanding.
“Then, he goes as well. I will be there shortly. We all can use some time away from all of this,” Grandma says. She’s giving into my demands because I’m a mess right now. I never thought that this would be possible, but I’m actually thankful to the woman. I walk over to my closet and pull out a sun dress. Dressing up isn’t the purpose. A dress is just the quickest thing to change into. Although there is no blood on my skin, I still want to shower. But the police probably won’t allow that. After changing in the bathroom, I walk out to find the kind detective going through my suitcase. She has the piece of luggage on the bed and is taking everything out with precision.
“I’m sorry Chelsea. I have to rule you out as a suspect,” she kindly explains.  I nod in understanding and shift from foot to foot. After she’s done making a huge mess, she nods and I repack everything.
“Thank you,” I say, knowing this very woman puts herself in danger to help people. She is the embodiment of strength. I wonder if I’ll be like that someday.
“Chelsea, you don’t have to thank me. I’ll call you if I have any more questions,” she says before I leave the room.
Peter is standing in front of the mansion and quickly grabs my bag. He wraps me in a hug and kisses me on the forehead. It appears that he realizes how close of a call it was. I could have been dead.
“You’re all right,” he whispers. “You’re all right.”
“Yes,” I say. “I am all right.” Just being around him makes me stronger somehow. It’s as if all of his strength is leaking into me.
“Your grandmother told me about the plan,” he says softly. I release him to get a closer look at his face. He looks vulnerable.
“And?”
“And I’m surprised you wanted me to come with you. Chelsea, I was a jerk yesterday. I’m sorry,” he says.
“Apology accepted. Besides, I can’t hold it against you. Not after what I’ve done,” I remind him. I cringe as I remember kissing Adam.
“Still, you needed me and I wasn’t there for you,” Peter says, his dark eyes growing pensive.
“You are here right now, Peter. That’s the most important thing,” I say. He gently kisses my lips and the clearing of a throat makes me spin around. Otis glares at us.
“Your Grandmother wants to see you,” he says. I frown at Otis, thinking that he seems deathly cold for what just happened. I guess I can’t win his approval.
“Okay,” Peter says to dispel the awkwardness. Otis takes my bag and walks over to the stretch limo. Great! He’s driving us up.  Peter and I make our way back into the house to see officers moving about. Grandma is standing in the foyer. She sighs at us.
“Peter, I’ve spoken to your mother. She understands why you have to come with us. I sent Sandra to your house to pick up your clothes. Enjoy the ride,” she says before handing Peter an American express gift card. He frowns down at it.
“You shouldn’t have,” he quickly says.
“Happy early graduation!” Grandmother says before gesturing for us to leave. We walk out of the house, go past the police cars and to the limo, which is parked on the street. After we climb in and sit in the back, Peter blinks at all of the luxury.
“Wow!” Peter whispers. I giggle.
“It’s hard to get used to,” I admit.
“Chelsea, are you going to Minnesota?” he asks.
“I’m supposed to be going for Thanksgiving break,” I respond, shuttering at the fact that Teresa would be there as well. It feels like long ago when Tiller revealed that he’s in love with my former best friend. Sometimes forgetting about it all is the best thing.
“But, after that?” he presses.
“I’m not sure. I admit, it’s going to be difficult living far away from you. But I figure that we can make it work. I’m enlisting, either way.” Seeing Amy’s lifeless body on the ground has filled me with purpose. I need to fight, protect, and make a difference in the world. Maybe I will be an asset to the country. Nothing would bring me more meaning than protecting American citizens.
“That’s what you need to do?”
“Yes.”
“Then, I support you a hundred percent. I, of all, people know that life is too short,” he tells me. It’s obvious that part of him doesn’t want me to enlist. But what other choice does he really have? If I’m guessing, Peter would much rather support me than lose me.
“I’m sorry that you got dragged into the whole Adam thing,” I say softly. Peter wraps an arm around my shoulders and squeezes.
“Chelsea, you do make some questionable decisions. You’re very wild. But I do believe that you will learn from your mistakes,” he says with gentleness in his eyes. “Next time you fall in love, just make sure that he isn’t a gambler.”
“Oh, I don’t plan on falling in love again,” I tell him. All is silent except for the hum of the motor. It’s apparent that for once Peter Jacobs is actually speechless.
“Oh?”
“Peter, I have a perfectly good guy right here,” I admit. Now, this is embarrassing. What if he doesn’t feel the same?
“Oh? Well, that’s a good thing that we are on the same page then,” he responds before kissing my forehead. Apparently, feeling perfectly relaxed causes fatigue to come over me. I yawn.
“I feel so sleepy,” I yawn.
“Just sleep, Chelsea,” he softly whispers and I do.
Oddly enough, the absence of the sound of the engine wakes me up. I glance around and see that Peter’s sound asleep. He looks so peaceful that I gently kiss his cheek before peering out the window. We are parked in front of a blue colonial.  Otis must be making pit stops. Well, that’s just charming. My bladder is begging for me to find a bathroom. I’m wondering if it would be rude if I go inside when Otis exits the house, his face full of fear. His eye is black and blood trickles down his chin, staining his white buttoned down shirt red. This isn’t good. I shake Peter awake, thinking that he could break up whatever fight that’s happening. Peter’s eyes open and he looks where I’m staring as Otis trips over a step and crashes to the ground. The door swings open and Adam follows behind holding a baseball bat. I glance around and note that this piece of land looks, well, under construction. There isn’t another neighbor in sight. We are absolutely screwed in a big way. I can’t do anything about this. Adam raises the bat and smashes it into Otis’ head. Peter moves without thinking and rushes out of the limo. I have to help somehow. But the only weapon that I have is a bunch of drinks. I pull out a can of gingerale and slide out of the car. Maybe this will work. If it doesn’t, we all might die.  That’s the last thought that I have before the world turns black.

Chapter 18

Someone is breathing loudly. No, it sounds more like an asthma attack. I try to peel my eyes open, but nothing happens. It seems as though my body doesn’t seem troubled about this news because sleep seems more appealing somehow.
“Otis, what do we do?” a woman cries. Is she worried about me? That’s odd. I don’t remember getting into a crash and I’m lying down on something hard and pointy. My back aches and I try to roll over but a strong hand on my shoulder prevents me from doing so.
“I’m not sure Mrs. Philips. It seems that all we can do is wait,” the driver says. Wait? Are they talking about waiting until I wake up?  Because I’m awake. It’s difficult to speak since my throat is on fire but I manage one word, “Peter.”
“Chelsea, be quiet,” he whispers. His demand sounds panicked. And judging by the fact that he isn’t asking about me, something else is going on. I sniff thinking that the smell of antiseptic would clog my nose and discover that it reeks of mold. Now, I’ve got to figure out what’s going on. I open my eyes and it takes a minute for them to adjust. Peter, Otis, and I are in a basement. A woman with jet black hair and chocolate brown skin is sitting beside the driver and a man holding a gun is standing by the exit. That explains why none of them have gotten free. True panic sets when the door at the top of the stairs opens and two men descend the stairs. They also have guns. They look from me, to Peter, To Otis, then at the woman as if trying to decide something.
“We need to wait until the rest of them get here,” the man that stands guard says.
“Jack, we should probably start now,” one of the gun men argues. Jack shakes his head and scratches at his thick beard.  
“Tony, the boss calls the shot. You know what we’re supposed to do.”  Tony sighs and runs back up the stairs. Jack glares at the other man.
“Why are you standing there?” The man who has ash blond hair and a beach ball sized belly smirks.
“A new shipment is coming through. You are going to need our help,” he smirks. Jack sighs before tapping his gun against his thigh. Apparently, this guard is trigger happy.   I look at Peter who has a black eye and dried blood around his mouth and instantly know that this is bad. His smile is gone and it has been replaced by weariness. It seems as though he has no idea how we are going to get out of this. I don’t have a clue either. Part of me wants to slump over in defeat. The other half wants to bolt up the stairs. Either way I’m dead. But that idea isn’t appealing. Let’s just face it, I’m a coward. The thought of being shot at makes me queasy.


“What are you going to do with us?” the woman cries. Jack points his gun at her and she silences. His friend grins in anticipation. It’s obvious that any misstep for us will lead to punishment. Otis, who looks as though he had just gone through a group mugging slumps against the wall. It’s obvious that he has no idea what to do about this situation.  Suddenly, a thump sounds from upstairs. Someone has been dispatched, much in the way that we have been. Moments later the basement door opens and the guards jump out of the way as someone is thrown down the stairs. When the person lands in a heap at the bottom, I recognize that it is Uncle Kenny. He doesn’t move and that seems to annoy Jack. He drags Kenny over to the crying woman and ensures that he is face up. His face is covered in blood. I wince at the gash on his forehead.  Deep down inside, I know things will get worse.
“Jack, you’re needed upstairs,” someone shouts. Jack and the other guard exit and I hear a lock being clicked into place when he’s gone.
“Why are we here?” I rasp. Peter doesn’t seem to want to talk about that. He lifts me into his lap and hugs me to his chest.
“Chelsea, we’ve got to get out of here,” he whispers. I cling to him, feeling bad that he has been dragged into this because of me. I’m so selfish. Peter wanted to pull away to keep his family safe after Adam had threatened us. I challenged him to stay. Then, everything with Amy had happened. No one saw the signs. How could we have? It’s clearly obvious that her death is related to this.
“I’m so sorry,” I whisper. Peter doesn’t ask me what I’m sorry for. Instead he rests his chin atop my head.
“None of that matters, Chelsea. We have to find our way out of here. That’s the most important thing.”  So the man that I love is a fighter. Maybe he is army material after all. Hell, who knows if I am.  If I were overseas being held as a prisoner, what would I do? Try to escape. But how do I escape when I don’t even have a weapon? I look around at everyone assembled and know that efforts are useless unless Uncle Kenny wakes up.  
“What’s the plan?” I whisper which for some reason hurts even worse.
“Do you have Martial arts training?” Peter asks softly.
“A little bit.” He frowns.
“I will over power the guard and attempt to get the gun. If I get the gun…” His dark eyes are filled with regret. Peter doesn’t want to think about it. He will have to shoot the men without hesitation.
“Where are we?” I ask.
“At a development. For all I know, the limo is still here,” he says.
“I never got the keys,” I admit.
“I know. You were drugged and dragged down to the basement. If Otis or I fought them, they were going to kill you,” Peter explains.
“Peter, I’m sorry. If I had left you alone, you wouldn’t have been dragged into this,” I say. He frowns at me.
“This isn’t your fault, sweetheart. You didn’t know.” His dark eyes are filled with love and devotion. I have no idea why I’m deserving of his affections. But when we make it out of here, I will make sure that I make Peter the happiest man alive. There will be no more drama with Adam.
“What are you thinking?” he asks.
“When we get out of here, things will be different,” I promise. Peter looks weary.
“Meaning?”
“Meaning, I will spend every day making sure that you know how much I love you.” My proclamation makes him smile, until he winces.
“So you’re sure about me?” Peter asks.
“Yes, I’m sure about you.” He hugs me and the moment is broken when the door opens. Jack runs down the stairs with a big smile on his face.
“Good news, the others are here,” he tells us. As soon as I had heard the door open, I had slipped out of Peter’s lap. Now that his strong arms aren’t around me, I feel cold.  Moments later, another guard rushes down the stairs and points his gun at Otis.
“You, come over here,” he orders. The driver looks as though he wants to rebel but a gun is trained on Uncle Kenny and that gets the man moving. He follows the guard up the stairs, and that’s where the mistake is made.
“Otis,” I shriek. The plea is heard and the guard is knocked unbalanced by a boot to his groin. As he’s attacked, I’m flying toward Jack and land a kick to his balls. The gun goes off and dust sprays down. It is a miss fire. Peter kicks Jack in the stomach and delivers a blow to his head. Jack falls to the ground and the gun falls in the process. Peter may be a martial artist, but I know that I’m the better shot. I dive for the gun, pick it up and look around. Otis is still grappling with the other guard for the gun. They are locked in a strange looking embrace. If I shoot, the bullet may hit Otis. But I don’t have much of a choice when the guard starts screaming for help. I hear running footsteps overhead and know that it’s now or never. Just when I’m about to shoot the door opens and another guard appears and shoots Otis in the head. I can’t look. It’s too difficult to see the man’s lifeless body tumble down the stairs. But I see all of the blood and the sound of that gunshot is causing my ears to ring.  Seeing what has happened to Otis makes a dark rage come over me. How dare they take the lives of such innocent people? We have done absolutely nothing to them. And yet, we are kidnapped, shot and abused. That bastard has to pay. He can’t take anyone else. With that resolve, I aim and shoot the man that has taken out Otis.
“Chelsea,” Peter yells as another gun fires.  He shoves me to the ground which is the only thing that saves my life. There is a groan that announces that Jack is awake. The gun is out of my hands. I had dropped it in the fall. Two shots are fired and I’m assuming the worst. But then, peter shifts aside and I slowly sit up. The two guards are dead and Kenny, who has been beaten and battered, is standing over Jack.
“Get the guns,” Peter orders as he grabs the gun from the dead guard and shoves it at me. So we are really going to shoot our way out. I stare at Otis and regret fills me. It’s because of him that we even have a fighting chance. He will be remembered, and hopefully, his death will be avenged.
“Bianca,” Kenny calls softly. The woman is in the corner balling hysterically. She won’t help us. All it will take is a lock of that door and we are trapped. We have to do something about her. Kenny walks over to her and shakes her shoulders. When that doesn’t work, he slaps her. She looks up and he whispers something to her. Peter has just gotten the third gun and is looking back and is shouting with his eyes for us to hurry up.  He needs to get out of here and I’m not going to risk him dying. It pains me to step over Otis, but his body is in the way. I make my way up the stairs and see a slither of light announcing that the guard hadn’t been wise enough to have someone lock the door after him.  Well, that works in our favor. Peter creeps through the door, gun steady, and walks through. I follow him and stare at the place. We are in a house that is under construction. Dust, piles of sheet rock, and tools are scattered all over the place.  The kitchen is a mess with half built cabinets and a stove that is missing burners. The door is so close to us and I want to scream in elation. A voice stops me cold.
“Leave him alone,” Grandmother shouts. Peter turns and looks at me. A decision needs to be made. He looks to his right, where the shout came from and in front of him, where he can clearly see the door. He gestures that he will go to the right and that I should leave. I’m about to protest until he mouths, “help.” I brush my lips across his cheek and whisper I love you before quietly opening the door and bolting out into the hot August sun.
The limo is still there in its exact spot. I find that odd, but don’t question it. Instead, I push myself to run toward it. No one is outside standing guard and I figure that it’s because we are in an isolated area. Thank God, the door is open. I slide in, ignoring the bee that is cruising along. My cell phone is resting in the back. Lucky break. It isn’t dead so I quickly unlock it and call 911.
“911 what’s your emergency?” a gentle voice asks. I try to talk, but my vocal chords are screaming.
“Help. We've been kidnapped,” is all I can say before a black Chevy pulls up beside me. I let out an involuntary shriek and the woman continues to ask questions.
“Where are you? Do you notice any landmarks?”
“I don’t know. A house that’s being renovated. I got to go. They are coming,” I say as a man holding a gun hops out of the driver’s seat. Another door opens and another man exits. He opens the back door and moments later, a bound and gagged Olivia is being dragged out. My heart beats for a moment before I realize that they intend on bringing my friend into the house. Peter. He’s hiding in the kitchen and has not exited yet. If he’s discovered, it will be all over for us. I don’t even think about it. The men are so busy dealing with Olivia, who thankfully, is struggling that they don’t even notice me slipping out of the Limo and raising the gun. I shoot the thicker of the two men first. Blood explodes from his neck and he drops his gun and his hold on Olivia’s head as he crumples to the ground. The other man does something I don’t expect. He turns pale and runs, speeding away in the Chevy he came in. I’m shock and grateful at the same time. She wipes at the blood on her face as I leap into the limo and open the glove compartment. Thank goodness, there is a box cutter. I rush out and unbind her and she yanks the tape from her mouth.
“Are you a good shot?” I ask. Olivia looks at me like I’m crazy.
“No.”
“Do you know where we are?” I ask.
“Yes.”
“Talk to the police. I’ve got to go in and get Peter out,” I say before grabbing the dead man’s gun and sprinting back into the house.
Peter isn’t in the kitchen where I last saw him. That makes my heart rate spike. I look around the place and notice that a gun is in the corner. So someone had dragged him somewhere. I don’t dare call out. Uncle Kenny and Bianca are walking into the kitchen and I gesture for them to leave. He frowns at me but I shake my head. He can’t help me. This woman is just too hysterical.
“Let them go,” my Grandmother cries and a sick feeling fills my chest.  No. Peter. They must have Peter. I walk slowly toward the hallway as Kenny coaxes the woman out of the door. A gun fires and my panic causes me to run. I fly into the living room and pause. Grandma is tied to a chair and five men are standing around the room. They each have a gun pressed to an individual’s head. The person who had a gun pressed to Uncle Vincent’s head must have fired because my uncle is missing half his head. I want to vomit. But instead I make eye contact with my grandmother and put a finger to my lips. No one notices me yet. I stare at Peter, and want to scream out in rage. Adam is the one pressing a gun to my boyfriend’s head. And Peter is staring straight ahead as if none of this matters. I stomp down on the urge to shoot Adam. It isn’t time yet.    A man in the middle of the room smirks as she sees Vincent. He’s dark haired, skinny, and even though his back is too me I know that he has blue eyes. The man that has orchestrated all of this is Uncle Eric.  That realization makes me sick. I want to hurl. Instead, I zero in on Peter who looks strong and brave and draw strength from him. He doesn’t notice because his eyes are on my grandmother.
“Mom, all you have to do is change the will,” he says sweetly. Seriously? All of this is over money? I feel sick to my stomach.
“I can’t,” she cries. I bite my lip to keep myself from yelling at the woman. Come on, she can’t just give up the money? Why? Money isn’t worth what happened to Otis and Uncle Vincent. A pang goes through my chest when I think about what has happened.  No matter if we get out of this or not, people are already dead. Peter might be dead if I don’t do something about this. I look from Uncle Eric to the criminals. A memory of what happened after I had shot the man holding Olivia springs into my mind. This is difficult. I have two choices, Peter or Grandma. I don’t want to gamble. I tell myself that once he goes down, the other targets will be easy to kill. Peter, the love of my life will be safe. He’s quick enough. No one else can die. I know that. So without hesitation I lift the gun and shoot. 

Chapter 19

Everything is eerily silent, and I press my advantage. Uncle Eric is out of the equation. I stroll into the room and point the gun   at my traitorous ex-boyfriend. He flinches, and Peter elbows him in the balls and takes his gun. Peter stands and shoots the man holding a gun against Denise’s head. The old woman leaps up and makes a beeline for my grandmother. That’s when the sirens blare. It seems that the police put a fear of God into the men because they all stampede toward the door. I run to Peter and wrap my arms around him. He gently kisses my forehead and holds me tight.
“Chelsea, let’s get out of here,” he urges. And that’s when everything gets to me and I black out.
When I open my eyes I find myself in a hospital room.  The scent of flowers tickle my nose. I gape at the amount of potted plants, roses, cards, balloons, boxes and gift bags that have been shoved in this room.  Tiller sits in a chair snoring. My older brother looks rumpled, as if he hasn’t changed his clothes in days. The door squeaks open and the detective that had taken my statement before quietly walks in. Seeing her causes a well of panic in me. She walks over and gently places a hand on my shoulder.
“Chelsea, you’re safe,” she says.
“What about Uncle Vincent?” I cry. The woman gives me a sympathetic look and ruffles my hair.
“Chelsea, I need to take your statement,” she gently says.
“Okay,” I say softly. The woman gently shakes Tiller awake and he stands, looks at us, kisses my forehead, and leaves.  The woman sits in the chair that Tiller just vacated.
“Chelsea, you aren’t in any trouble,” the woman begins. And at first I wonder what kind of trouble I’ll be in. But then, I realized that I’ve killed people today.
“What happened?” she asks. I feel uneasy. Is the detective really telling the truth? I know that I should be selfless and insist that she lock me up for killing those men. But thinking of how they forced my grandmother watch as they killed Uncle Vincent convinces me otherwise. So do I lie to the woman? I have no idea.
“What do you want to know?” It’s best if I study her expression to see if being incarcerated is in my future.
“Chelsea, I want to know everything,” the woman gently urges.
“Starting from?”
“Just recap the entire day,” the detective urges and I do. I wince as I admit to killing my uncle. It had to stop. And the police weren’t their quick enough. He was going to kill Peter, I plead. The woman nods in understanding.
“You’re not being charged,” she assures me.
“But, I killed people!” I squeak.
“That was in self-defense. You had no other choice,” the woman tells me. Right now, I’m just too numb to process it all. I must be under a heavy dosage of medication.
“Why am I in here?” I suddenly ask.
“You have a concussion and you were in shock,” the woman tells me before standing.

“You saved a lot of people, Chelsea. You and Peter were really brave,” she says before leaving my room. The emptiness frightens me. But I’m not alone for long. My grandmother enters, being supported by Uncle Kenny. I wince at the bandage wrapped around his forehead. But the injury doesn’t seem to affect him.
“You hate me,” I say bluntly. Both of them stare at me, as if confused. “You hate me for killing Uncle Eric.”
“No,” Uncle Kenny begins. At first I think that he’s in denial about me killing his brother.
“He isn’t dead, Chelsea. Though, he’s in critical condition,” Grandmother explains.
“I’m sorry about Uncle Vincent,” I softly say.
“You and Peter saved our lives,” Grandmother says as she plops in the chair.
“I’m not going to jail?” my question causes Kenny to smile.
“No. It was self-defense,” he says. Sharp anger fills me when something occurs to me.
“Why didn’t you change your will?” Grandma straightens.
“He wanted everything because he gambled his fortune away. Besides, if I agreed, he would have killed all of us and hightailed it to Canada,” she explains. My anger slowly deflates after hearing that.
“Where’s Peter?” I ask.
“He’s at home. He was here but you were asleep,” she explains.
“Shock?” I ask.
“Pretty normal,” Uncle Kenny agrees.
“What’s going to happen?” I ask. He sighs.
“We don’t know. It all depends on your uncle. If he just pleads guilty we will all go on and try to live our lives as normal as possible. If he doesn’t plead guilty, there will be a trial.” I wince. A trial. That’s the worst thing that can possibly happen. Making us relive this nightmare.
“What about me? Where am I going to live?” Honestly, I don’t want to leave Peter. Not after this. But it would be nice to be surrounded by my family again. Grandmother looks as though she is considering something.
“You have to stay here. If there is a trial, you will need to testify. I’m sorry Chelsea,” the woman says as she sees my face.
“Uncle Kenny, what do you think Eric will do?” Calling him Uncle Eric at this point is nauseating. The man is a monster.
“He will probably make us go through a long trial. There is no way that the prosecution is offering him a deal.  They don’t need to,” he says.
“Oh. Well, when can I get out of here?” Seeing Peter is at the top of my list. I crave his presence like I’ve never craved anything else. The door slowly opens and Peter walks in carrying a vase full of red roses. So he remembered. I stare at him and marvel at the fact that he’s alright. His bruises are healing and the cut on his lip isn’t visible. His dark eyes roam over me as if cataloging that everything is okay. Then, he places the roses on the ground beside my bed and walks over to me.
“Hi Chelsea,” Peter says.
“Hi Peter,” I reply. He leans down and presses a gentle kiss to my lips and I have to quell the urge to wrap my limbs around him and kiss him deeply. After he pulls away he looks at everyone in the room. Uncle Kenny actually smiles at him. Grandmother rises, walks over to Peter, and gives him a hug. I frown at this exchange. So the woman is actually being affectionate? What a surprise.
“You will be released today,” Grandmother says before standing. “Your parents are in the cafeteria. They have been sitting with you ever since they got here,” Uncle Kenny adds. I feel slightly guilty that my folks didn’t even cross my mind. But part of me is angry at them. Had they allowed me to move with them, I wouldn’t have had to kill. Grandma and Uncle Kenny leave us alone and Peter lets out a long sigh.
“You have no idea how relieved I am that you’re all right,” he says.
“Peter, I’m so sorry,” I reply. He frowns.
“For?”
“For you being dragged into this. If you hadn’t been heading to Connecticut with me, none of this would have happened,” I cry. He presses a kiss to my forehead before sitting down.
“Chelsea, believe me when I tell you that if I could turn back time, I would have killed your uncle before he had the chance to hurt anyone,” he admits. “I can't do that, but let me assure you the one thing that I would never change is being with you. I love you Chelsea more than you will ever understand.”
“I love you too,” I say, emotions filling me. He had survived and now we could be together.
“I’m just relieved that you are alive,” Peter whispers before kissing my hair.
“The trial,” I mutter.
“If Eric wants to embarrass himself by allowing a trial to take place, then, so be it. But trust me when I say that I will be the first one to testify,” Peter says as he begins to caress my cheek with his fingertips.
“How did your parents take all of this?” I ask.
“They are just glad we are alive. They don’t blame you,” Peter assures. Our conversation halts because the doctor comes in. It takes an hour for me to be released. Mom is the one who signs the paper work. She looks tired and overwhelmed. Dad is quiet, as usual, and gives me an awkward pat as we walk out of the back entrance. Reporters are camping out in front of this facility. They want their first look at me. That just makes me mad. I can’t believe that people will try to make a buck off of what I consider is the worst day of my life.
We slide into the limo. Otis isn’t driving; a man with light brown hair and a wide smile has taken his place. He introduces himself as Brad. And although he is much more pleasant than Otis ever was, I prefer Otis. I snuggle up against Peter and we are on our way.
“How did you two meet?” Mom asks. She is beside me and is making every effort to draw me into conversation.
“The mugging,” Peter says and Tiller frowns.  I sigh and recap an event that happened so long ago. He looks pretty pissed off that no one has told him about Albert, the mugger thug. I guess I forgot to tell Tiller about that.  I shrug.
“Since I wasn’t hurt, I didn’t think that it was important,” I admit.
“Chelsea, is there anything else that I need to know?” Tiller asks.
“No. That’s it.”
“What happened to Adam?” Disapproval rings in my father’s voice. He’s disgusted that his daughter is so fickle about guys. I can read that thought in his eyes.
“Oh.” Our fight,   his jailing, and him trying to kill Adam has taken a back seat to all of this. “He’s in jail,” I say just to see the shocked look on my father’s face. Yeah, how do you like them apples?
“So, you two got together under Adam’s nose?” Tiller asks. I sigh.
“Adam cheated on me with Ivy. Then, we broke up. I…”
“Why did you make out with him?” My father’s roar surprises us all. Mom looks as though she is going to crumple. She expected his anger. Peter’s face grows dark but he knows that this is my fight.
“Because it was a mistake,” I snap. “A lapse in judgment. I…”
“Chelsea, you have a pattern. You use and abuse guys. You’re just like your Grandmother,” he snaps. He isn’t talking about Grandma Betty, that’s for sure. I wince and look at Peter. His eyes are filled with anger.
“Adam isn’t…”
“Shut up, Peter. I don’t want to hear a peep out of you. This is between Chelsea and me,” he roars. I gape. Dad has never been this angry before. Peter looks like he’s about to say something but Tiller shakes his head.
“Dad, stop. You don’t know the whole story,” I cry.
“Oh, I don’t? All I know is that you use then discard people. That’s all you do,” he rages. “You used Derrick, then James, then Adam, now Peter. Chelsea, if you would have stopped being a slut for two seconds, maybe you would have fit in. After you stole that poor girl’s boyfriend, I had to defend you against Mike. I lost my best friend because of you. And now Eric… He might die and that’s all because of you. From what I understand, you used him and when the going got tough, you shot him.”  His words cause something to shatter within me. Suddenly, the limo is too cramped. I’m trying to breathe, but nothing comes out. His words force doubt, guilt, and horror to cover me. What if I had distracted Eric? What if I had begged him to stop? What if I had shot the guard and taken Peter out of there. After all, I only came in to save Peter. Let’s face it, had the love of my life hadn’t been there, I probably would have driven off in the limo. That makes me a terrible person. I am a terrible person. Dad’s right. I’ve done nothing but use and abuse other guys.  I’m the epitome of evil. I hate myself. I don’t want to be me anymore. I’m pathetic. Look at me.
“Chelsea,” Peter calls gently. But his words don’t matter. Nothing will bring me back from this. I’m just full of grief, torment, and shame that nothing will ever bring me back. I can’t do this anymore. I can’t live anymore. Peter will never be with his equal as long as I’m in the way. My decision is made before I can stop myself. Let’s just face it, the world is better without me. I’m sliding past Peter who is gripping my arm. I punch him in the balls so that he’ll release me. It works. I don’t bother looking back before I fling myself from the moving limo. 
Chapter 20

Carmen

“Chelsea, I’m sorry. I never got to say that to you,” I tell her softly. She’s in a coma. Only heaven knows if my cousin will ever wake up. I feel sick to my stomach when I see her forehead covered with bandages, a cast on her left arm and leg. Her ribs are taped and there is no internal bleeding. That’s a miracle. Grandmother has used her money to make Chelsea as comfortable as possible. She has even bribed people to let us visit her. Peter has been here every day for the last month. The guy is dedicated. He reads to her, sings to her, and then plays his guitar for her. Maybe the music will make her come back to us. I don’t know if that’s true. This has been a long month. So far I had to attend two funerals, one for Uncle Vincent and the other for Otis. A third will just shatter me.
I can’t help but be angry with Chelsea. She has to understand that people love her. Why didn’t she stay for us? I know that this is stupid but I feel abandoned, as if she jumped out of that Limo just to get away from me. Maybe I deserve it. We hadn’t gotten to speak after our argument. Dad insisted that we stay where we were until Uncle Ben could get us. God forbid more of Uncle Eric’s minions came and kidnapped us.
“Carmen, are you done here?” Eliza asks as she walks in. She is a ray of sunshine. Eli always has bright colors on and a smile to match. Even now that we have lost so much, she still looks that way. I frown.
“Do you want some time alone with her?” I ask cautiously.
“No.” She doesn’t finish this sentence.  Most people don’t blame me for what happened to Chelsea. My ex best friend Danny isn’t one of them. It’s ironic that the person who Chelsea tolerated the least is taking her condition the worse. Danny is controlling and doesn’t open up much. Once she does, she is a barrel of laughs. Chelsea has never gotten to experience this yet. And I regret that she might not get the chance.
“I’m just about done,” I say quickly. Eli looks relieved. I think that she just doesn’t want to deal with Danny and I being in the same room.
“Want to go to the cafeteria?” Eli asks, clearly trying to get me moving. I stand, stretch and follow her into the hall. Danny is making her way to the room and freezes when she sees me. My heart pounds mainly because I don’t like confrontation. But she doesn’t say a word. She walks past me and enters the room and gently closes the door.
“She’ll get over it,” Eli assures me.
“I know,” I respond. She loops her arm through mine and off we go to the cafeteria. Eliza chooses a burger, fries, a brownie, and a diet coke and I opt for a buffalo chicken salad and fruit punch. We sit at a table near the back and observe the lunch rush as we eat. I feel guilty for enjoying the meal since my cousin is barely hanging on, but there is nothing I can do about it.
“I saw Chelsea’s father today,” Eli announces, which makes my ears perk up. I can’t help it. I’m nosy.
“Where?”
“He was in the waiting room with Tiller. It’s annoying that he never goes in,” Eli says as she rolls her blue eyes. I know why Uncle Ian never goes in. It’s the same reason why it took me two weeks to see Chelsea. If it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t be in the hospital.
“He feels guilty,” I respond.
“He should. According to Mom, Uncle Ian called her all sorts of names,” Eli says. I want to ask her what names he called Chelsea. I want to know what her last words were before she tossed herself from the Limo. But I don’t ask. It’s horrible that I want to ask.
“How’s Olivia?” I ask Eli. She gags.
“I don’t see what Chelsea even sees in her,” she admits. The next thing I know, a French fry has hit Eliza square in the forehead. She grins and eats the fry. I crane my head to see that Olivia is standing behind me. She winks and sits beside me.
“Your Uncle Eric still hasn’t woken up,” she begins without preamble. Both of us frown at her.
“Oh, good! I hope that he never does.” Eliza was close to Uncle Vincent.  Uncle Eric never approved of her wildness. I on the other hand barely liked either man. That doesn’t mean that I want either of them dead.  I’m just saying that I wasn’t hysterical at Uncle Vincent’s funeral.
“I hung out with Peter last night. He’s such a Grouch,” Eli complains. For talking trash about Peter, Eliza earns an ice cube down the shirt. She shrieks and we all laugh. Peter sits beside Eliza and only has a cup of coffee. His eyes are blood shot and it’s obvious that he hasn’t slept much.  Then again, neither have I and I wasn’t even there.
“Well, Eli, I see that you are definitely trying to clog your arteries,” he snorts.
“Hey, life is too short,” she mutters around a mouth full of fries.
“So attractive,” Olivia says with sarcasm. Peter winks at her and takes a few of her fries. She tosses a napkin at his face but Peter continues to snatch Eli’s fries. They are trying to keep things light. I don’t have the ability to. They aren’t to blame for what happened. I am.
“Carmen, what’s going on in your mind?” Eliza asks. I shake my head. She frowns and Olivia pats my shoulder. Danny and Tia join us. My eyes widen when Danny actually takes the seat next to mine and ruffles my hair.
“Are you just going to stare at the salad until it disappears?” Olivia asks. I poke a piece of chicken and bite into it. I hadn’t realized that I had stopped eating. Tia is munching on a large pizza. She’s been over eating these days. I think that it stems from her father’s condition. She swears that she had no idea that Uncle Eric and Aunt Nina were trying to get their hands on the inheritance. And I wouldn’t believe another girl. But Tia is just so self-centered and doesn’t notice much.
“This is low quality pizza. I want Dominos,” Tia whines. Danny rolls her eyes.
“Then, get some. No one is stopping you,” she snaps.
“I have no money. I’m poor. Look what Daddy did to me. Wasn’t he thinking?” Peter pinches the bridge of his nose. He seems annoyed. Olivia shakes her head and continues eating. Eli stands and walks away. Her impulse is to punch people that annoy her. And she isn’t going to harm a pregnant person. Danny tugs at my hand and places a piece of paper in it. I open the note and see that she has written, “I’m sorry.” This is weird. But ever since we were kids, we both have written apologies to each other and the tradition just stuck with us.
“I forgive you,” I say and Danny takes my blue cheese dressing and drips some on Tia’s pizza. The pregnant teenager screeches.
“What are you doing?” Eliza returns to the table, smirks, and shakes a generous amount of pepper over Tia’s Pizza. Olivia tosses a French fry on top of her lunch for good measure. When Peter holds up his coffee, Tia gets the point. We have the ability of making her food taste even worse than it does now.  Tia grimaces then gingerly eats. I feel bad for her. Uncle Ben took her in which means that she doesn’t have any servants. He lives below his means. My parents couldn’t look at her without thinking of what had happened.
“Did you guys go see Chelsea yet?” Tia asks. We all nod.
“It’s too bad that none of us are allowed to see Daddy. He must be so lonely,” Tia whines.
“Serves him right,” Eliza says, a wide grin sliding across her face.
“Eliza, don’t. I’m tired of hearing you badmouth Daddy. He isn’t to blame for everything,” she cries. Oh no, tears are actually streaming down her face. Danny mouths, “are you serious?” and I shake my head. It feels good that we are communicating again, just as we use to.
“Guys, maybe you should talk about something else,” Peter suggests. Tia gives him the finger.
“Stop protecting Eliza. She’s a little brat. She will be happy once the whole world hates Daddy.” Her scream causes everyone to stare at us. I duck my head, not use to the attention of curious strangers.
“Tia, stop,” Danny says sternly.
“You don’t know how it feels. I’m poor, homeless, and pregnant.”
“And whose fault is that?” Eliza rebuts.
“You’re just jealous that someone wants to touch me,” Tia taunts. Eliza’s face turns red and she swings and her fist connects with Tia’s eye. My cousin shrieks, and we all know that we have to do something. I stand and rush over to Eliza. She is winding up for another swing but I catch her arm. I pull her to her feet and we both leave the cafeteria. She doesn’t say a word until we go outside.
“I hate her! I hate her! I hate her!” she cries.
“Eliza, Tia’s annoying. But she’s also pregnant. You shouldn’t hit her,” I scold. She wrenches her arm from my grasp and faces me.
“You have no idea what it’s like to live with her. Your parents aren’t stuck with her,” Eliza points out.
“And I’m sorry that you are stuck with her. But…”
“I don’t care what you say, Carmen. Tia knows something. She’s playing us,” Eli hisses.
“She is many things. But Eli, I doubt that she’s a killer.” My cousin rolls her eyes at me.
“She doesn’t show any concern about Uncle Vincent’s death. Don’t you notice that?” Eli asks. And I think my cousin has a point. Tia couldn’t stop bawling at Otis’ funeral. But it seems that all she could manage was a blasé look for Uncle Vincent.
“Okay, that is pretty weird. Maybe, Uncle Vincent isn’t her favorite person,” I suggest. She laughs.
“Carmen, she called the man grandpa. Yet, at his funeral, she showed no compassion,” Eliza argues. Her blue eyes are frosty and it appears like the anger will make her combust.
“Eliza, why do you hate her so much?” I have asked my cousin this question over and over again. Since Eli is usually the playful one, she comes up with responses like “who does like her”
“And “Why don’t cats like dogs?” I never get a direct answer from Eliza about anything.
“Carmen, she…” It looks like now won’t be the exception. She sighs and wipes her eyes. No tears had fallen. But maybe she felt like she was crying.
“Want to go back inside?” I ask.
“I don’t like her living with me. You should see it. Oh Eli Tia is so well behaved. Oh Aunt Grace Do you mind if I go gardening with you?” And so it comes out. Tia shows up Eli. I’ve always known that our cousin was a hit with the adults, until she got pregnant.
“Eliza,” I begin but she waves me off.
“Don’t defend her. I’m tired of everyone defending her.” Her plea cuts deep. She thinks that no one agrees with her. I myself don’t feel anything either way. After all, proof hasn’t showed her hand yet.  As long as there isn’t evidence, I won’t condemn someone.
“I’ll keep my eyes open. You are right, she is acting weird,” I respond. Eliza nods. But it is obvious that my words don’t make her feel better in the slightest. As we stand in front of the brick building, a man dressed in a business suit approaches. He smiles wide at me. I frown as his brown eyes study our group.  
“Are you Eliza Philips?” he asks. Eliza nods and he pulls a letter out of his suit jacket and hands it to her. She frowns.
“What’s this?” she asks hesitantly.
“I’m not at liberty to say. Just read it and get back to her,” the man orders before leaving us gaping after him. I frown at my cousin who tosses the letter at me.
“I don’t feel like reading. Go on.” She never feels like doing anything remotely academic. I gesture to a bench to our right and we sit. Feeling a bit worried about this letter which has nothing but Eliza’s first name on it I open it and begin to read.
Dear Eliza,
I wish that I can see you. I’ve been contemplating knocking on your door. But your father wouldn’t allow that. Ben is many things, stubborn being one of them. I feel like calling your father names isn’t really helping my case. Anyways, this isn’t about your father. It’s about you and Jake.
Okay, maybe I should rewind. Back when I was eighteen I fell in love with Leon Jones. He hadn’t met Dawn yet, thank God. And we were happy. I gave birth to Jake.  After we split, he took Jake and ran. My fault, none of his. I got Alex mainly because when he split town, he hadn’t known about me being pregnant with her. I was afraid to lose her. But because of my condition, my sister Ruby had to take care of her. While I was waitressing at a bar, I met Ben Philips. I wish that we had this magical courtship. I wish that I can tell you that I loved him. Unfortunately, I was hungry, lonely, and desperate, so we had an affair. When I got pregnant, I was scared. I wasn’t well. I was in and out of the hospital and couldn’t take my medication. Your father insisted that he could give you a better home. I didn’t want to give you up. But he had powerful lawyers and people that threatened my family. When you were born, I gave you up. After five years of bouts with depression, it was difficult for me, losing two children. By then, Leon had Dawn and they were a happy family. I couldn’t face Leon anymore. And I didn’t want to lose Alex. Ben had you and let me just say, you were the girl that I wanted the most. Your beautiful blue eyes still haunt me. I’m crying as I write this. And I know that I’m rambling. But Eliza, I can’t help it.
Anyways, after five years of fighting depression, I met Carlos. He was wonderful, and everything that I ever wanted. I got married and we had twins, Junior and Jamie. I loved him. But unfortunately, life doesn’t always end up the way you want it to. He left me for my sister Ruby and I was left raising two five year olds on my own.  I managed. Two years later, I met Cristian. I was pregnant and I decided that we would be happier if we were married.  Our son Caleb was born shortly after that.
Yes, I’m still with Cristian. And No, I don’t plan on having any more children. I have my boys and Alex, but you and Jake… Well, the absence of the two of you kills me.
Authenticity. You probably think that I’m lying about this. So I will give you random facts that no one in the press knows. You have one kidney. Another, you were a colicky baby. You were born bald. I’m not sure if that’s enough. But let me give you one more fact, your mother Shelly is infertile. You aren’t hers and your older brother is adopted.   You probably don’t even know that.
I know that you’re wondering why I’m writing this letter after staying away. Let me tell you that I fought your father over this. But then, I ran out of money and had to file bankruptcy. He has been blocking every attempt of me trying to see you. My father has lost five jobs, Ruby has been evicted, and Mom has been imprisoned for violating probation terms.  So darling, now that you are eighteen, I figure that I can contact you. My brother in law Jason delivered this letter to you. I figured that Ben wouldn’t recognize him. He’s a private investigator and found you easily. I guess it was a matter of when you were alone. I’m rambling again. Honey, let me just say, I always ramble.
But, you are dear to me. Both you and Jake. I love all of my children. All of you.
I’m hoping that we all can get together and be one big happy family. Maybe that will never happen. But I am positive that we will meet. If you want to set up something, I left my phone number. Don’t tell your father about this letter. He’ll probably find some other way to hurt me and I have four children to protect. Don’t tell your father about Jake. He has no idea that the two of you are related. Just ask him if you are adopted. You will know if he’s lying. He stutters. I love you so much Eliza Jane Philips
Dana Lin Johnson
Eliza stares at me. I scan the area to look for the suited man. She suddenly begins to howl in laughter. I pause.
“Carmen that was a good one. No seriously, what does the letter say?” I frown and pass it over. She reads it and a tear falls down her shocked face. I’m not sure how to feel. Part of me is with Jake. He is broken and distant. Did Dana Johnson send him a letter once he turned eighteen? That would explain how dark he has become.
“I’m sorry, Eliza,” I softly say. She pulls her iPhone out of her purse, adds the number, then, rips the letter into miniscule pieces and tosses them in the waste basket beside us. Then, she sends a Dana, Lin, Johnson’s contact card to my phone.  I frown down at it.
“Mom snoops through my phone. If she sees the number, she will delete it,” Eliza points out. I’m about to tell her that putting the woman’s actual name in the phone was reckless when the door opens and Tia walks out. She’s holding an ice pack against her left eye and is taking careful controlled steps toward us. Eliza doesn’t look like she can handle dealing with anyone at the moment. All of the stress is no doubt getting to her.
“Well, the eye didn’t swell. A handsome intern got me an ice pack in time,” she says with a wine. But both of us have nothing to say to her. Aunt Shelly flies out of the hospital and makes a beeline for Eliza. Her golden hair is flopping about and her green eyes are filled with anger. Without saying a word, she slaps Eli across the face. I can’t stop what happens next. This family is so screwed up and no one, aside from Chelsea, is capable of not hitting someone.
“Seriously, Eliza, what were you thinking? Your cousin is pregnant. And you hit her? You’re really stupid. Don’t you know that? You…” She punches Aunt Shelly square in the eye. I stand, knowing that my aunt wasn’t nicknamed cruel devil for no reason. She glares at me. I’m definitely not her favorite.
“Eliza, come on,” I plead. Aunt Shelly holds her eye and Tia is quietly sobbing.  I ignore her attempts at getting attention. They are agitating.
“She isn’t my mother,” Eliza says in a resigned voice. “I can’t believe that she isn’t my mother. Aunt Shelly’s eyes go wide as she takes in her daughter’s demeanor.


Chapter 21

Daniela
I’ve done what Jake said. It is difficult, but Carmen isn’t to blame for this. Chelsea is the one who threw herself out of a limo. She’s so selfish. How could she put Peter through something like that? I’m sitting across from him at the table and all I can see is sadness.
“Are you hungry?” I ask. He shakes his head.
“It’s difficult to eat,” he confesses. Part of me wants to wrap my arms around him and tell him that everything’s all right. Despite it all, we aren’t friends. I barely know the guy.
“How long has it been since you ate?” Peter has just recovered from having cancer. The last thing his body needs is to be neglected.
“Two days,” he reluctantly mutters. I curse, get to my feet and run toward the lunch line. I buy orange juice, a tuna fish sandwich and a bag of cookies and hurry back to him. Peter frowns when I plop the tray in front of him.
“Eat,” I hiss. Because he doesn’t like confrontation, the guy begins picking at his food. I inwardly smirk and sit down. Chelsea must have had her fingers wrapped around him. Thinking of her hurts.  I can remember the day like it was yesterday. First we found out that Amy had been murdered. Minutes later, two detectives had come by the apartment to explain things to us. They would be staying with us until it was confirmed that the perpetrator had stopped killing people. Uncle Kenny had called to tell us the bad news about Otis and Vincent. But he assured us that everyone was fine. Eliza, Carmen and I had jumped into the rental to be reunited with the family. Twenty minutes later, Uncle Kenny called about Chelsea. I had pulled over and threw up all over the ground. Eliza had cursed and punched the car. But Carmen’s reaction was quiet. She jumped into the passenger’s seat and told us that we had to go see Chelsea. I think that’s when I started blaming her. As we drew closer to Gately, my anger strengthened. It only got worse when Carmen refused to see her. Eli and I have been taking turns sitting by our broken friend’s bed side. I may not have much of a connection with Chelsea. We only knew each other for a month and a half. But a kinship was formed when she stuck up for me after Malcolm ditched me after our first fight.
“How are you?” he asks me between bites of his sandwich.
“Tired,” is my automatic response. It seems that all of us are exhausted. I’m not a Philips, and nor will I ever be. But this family is my family. On countless nights, my mother has had to comfort Bianca as she wept. Uncle Kenny is emotionally distant and spends more time golfing.
“Me too. I can’t seem to get a goodnights rest.” Peter’s haunted brown eyes tell the real story. He is constantly replaying what Chelsea did. Part of me wants to go back to her room and scream at her. Why did she do this? Why couldn’t she see that she had something to live for? Why toss yourself out of a Limo because someone says something mean to you?  Why give someone that power over you? But I don’t. No matter how irritated I am at Chelsea, she isn’t going to hear me.
“How’s school?” I ask. It’s a stupid question. Peter is the perfect child. He is going on and emerges himself in activities. He visits Chelsea on weekends. That’s probably the only time that he has for her.
“I aced my AP Calculus exam,” he says with forced cheer. I want to laugh at him for the effort he’s making.  It’s obvious that Peter doesn’t care about a pointless mathematics exam. Chelsea is the only thing that matters.  But he won’t say that. Peter may be a friendly guy, but he doesn’t share much about himself.
“Danny,” Mrs. Philips calls. Chelsea’s mother is pale and haggard looking. I give her a gentle smile as she sits down beside us. She folds her hands and rests them on the table.
“Would you like something to eat?” I ask her. Judging by her look, she doesn’t want a thing. But I know that the woman has not eaten. For the third time this hour, I’m in the lunch line and this time, I buy a cheeseburger, a yogurt, and a bottled water and bring it over to her. She smiles gratefully and starts eating the yogurt.
“Any news about Chelsea?” Peter asks. The hope in his eyes makes me want to punch him. But, I don’t. Instead, I look around at the dwindling crowd, wondering what Shelly did after she followed Eliza outside.
“Well, the doctors don’t know anything yet. But I’m not going to give up on her,” the woman announces. Her eyes are filled with fire. I’m glad for it. Had it been up to Chelsea’s father, the plug would have been pulled by now. I heard them argue about it in the cafeteria last week.
“Kate, you heard the doctors, she isn’t going to wake up,” Ian had said.
“I can’t give her up, Ian. She’s my baby,” the woman had cried.
“It’s not about you, Kate. It’s about Chelsea. Why are you forcing her to live a life like this?” She didn’t respond to her husband. Instead, Kate had grabbed her coffee and stood. That was when we made eye contact and I followed her to another table.
“There’s always hope,” Peter says as he munches on a cookie. Ian picks this moment to sit with us. He doesn’t eat cafeteria food. He has a subway bag. I want to glare at him because unlike us, his eyes are clear. He doesn’t bother saying hi to us. I was told that Mr. Philips has always been an introvert.
“Ian,” Mrs. Philips greets. When they lock eyes, the atmosphere becomes heated. Peter and I glance at one another. Neither of us want to be here. I’m about to suggest that we go to visit Chelsea when Mr. Philips speaks.
“Peter, is it?” he asks.
“Yes sir,” Peter responds. Chelsea’s father laughs quietly to himself.
“Well, it’s good of you to visit my daughter. But how long will you keep this up for?” he asks. Kate looks horrified.
“Ian.”
“No, Kate, let him answer. I want to prove a point.”
“As long as she’s alive, I’m coming to see her,” Peter declares. I can tell that he can’t stand Mr. Philips.
“No, that’s not how it’s going to work, son. You will visit Chelsea until you realize that she isn’t waking up. You will feel guilty about it, but you will date other people. Then, she will die, you’ll go to her funeral and you will live happily ever after,” his voice is becoming louder. Not this. Please, let their not be another outburst. The staff probably wants to ban us from this cafeteria. Peter shakes his head and stands.
“If you actually cared about what I did, I would take your advice. Since you are nothing but a prick, screw you,” Peter says and all of us gape after him as he walks away. I am truly shocked because that boy has never cursed in his life. I know that for sure. Kate wipes at her tears. Ian on the other hand looks regretful. I don’t say anything. I stand and walk out of the cafeteria, leaving the couple alone.
Since I have nowhere else to go, I go into the elevator and press level one, which goes to the garage and rest against the wall. This has been dramatic, that’s for sure. But part of me is glad that Peter has showed anger. He’s always so easy tempered. Even after Chelsea had been loaded into the ambulance, his sobs were quiet, not loud and ferocious. That’s what uncle Kenny told my father anyways. I had overheard that conversation as well. But that time, I hadn’t been caught.  I get out of the elevator and walk over to my Honda, prepared for the long drive back to Connecticut. For the last four Saturdays, I have taken to driving down to visit Chelsea, going to lunch, then driving back. Malcolm and I haven’t been seeing each other. He’s extremely busy working and hasn’t been able to see me. It’s fine. I had hoped that we could develop something serious. However, he has other plans. After what happened with Mat, my heart is just too emotionally exhausted to deal with anything else.  
I slide into my beautiful car and put the key in the ignition. I’m about to take off when my phone rings. It’s Malcolm. After glaring at the display for a moment, I answer the call.
“Are you close?” He gets to the point and never bothers with hello.
“I’m in Gately,” I respond, trying not to get my hopes up.
“Do you want to meet for dinner?” So he wants to make plans last minute? It’s very nice to know that I’m an afterthought.
“What fell through?” I ask, knowing that my answer will definitely be no.
“Nothing. I have a day off today,” he says, clueless to what I’m feeling. I look out the window to see a couple walking over to a ford beside me. They are holding hands. They are smiling, which means that they got good news. It makes me think of Chelsea. Will I look like that when she wakes up? Will Malcolm be holding my hand? Maybe it will be another boy? I’m eighteen and am definitely not naïve enough to think that I’ve found my soul mate. It takes years of dating to find that special someone.  That means that I desperately need to break it off with Malcolm before my midterms come up. I don’t want to be distracted.
“I’ll meet you,” I say. If I’m ending things, it has to be face to face. Malcolm suggests that I stop by his house since no one’s home. I feel relieved since I’m breaking up with him. He wouldn’t be spending any money on me. I don’t even have to wait until dessert. So it’s all planned out then, break up, home, dinner, then bed.
After pulling into the driveway, I slide out of the car. The lawn is nicely cut, a potted plant rests on the step of the front porch. I’m slightly hesitant about going in. He’s a nice guy and… Stop it Danny, you need to rip off the bandage before it becomes too difficult. I suck in the cool fall air and mount the porch and ring the bell. The door opens and Malcolm who is wearing a black t-shirt and blue loose fitting jeans smiles wide at me. My stomach flips and I know that I’m in trouble. Come on Danny, just walk in, tell him you need to talk, and break his heart. No, don’t look at it like that. I smile at Malcolm and follow him into the house. As soon as the door closes behind me he wraps his strong arms around me and I suddenly feel like I’m home.  His heart is beating under my face and his scent wafts into my nose. I wrap my arms around him and squeeze tight. It’s amazing how one hug can convince me that this may be worth something. He releases me and presses a gentle kiss to my lips.
“Hi,” he greets with a smile.
“After not seeing you for two and a half weeks that’s all I get?” I complain. He smirks and kisses my forehead. He laughs.
“Come on, let’s eat,” Malcolm says and I follow him into the dining room. I pause in the doorway, in shock. The table is set for two and candles are lit in the center. Since Malcolm can’t cook, a box of pizza is on the table.  “My man, a chef,” I say as I sit down beside him.  He’s even gotten a pizza that’s half anchovies and half pepperoni.  I laugh and he smirks.
“I knew that you would get it,” he cheers. I take a slice and lay it down on my plate. He does the same.
“I really need to learn how to cook,” he remarks. I raise a brow.
“It’s not necessary. Your mother will do all of your cooking for you,” I note. He grins.
“Not when I go to UCONN,” he says and something weird happens. My heart skips a beat. What does Malcolm mean about transferring to UCONN?
“What?”
“I’m going to UCONN for the spring semester,” he says softly. A sharp stab of fear lances through me. This is too fast. He can’t possibly be going to UCONN for me. We have just begun dating.
“Why?” It’s a dumb question but I have to ask it.
“Because, I decided that you and I deserve a real chance,” Malcolm says. I look down at my pizza, suddenly not feeling so hungry anymore. Oh goodness, he means that this is serious. We were supposed to break up.
“Oh,” I say. Malcolm sighs and turns my face so that we are facing one another.
“What’s wrong Danny?” his soft question makes me feel sick.
“I didn’t know that we were serious,” I confess. He shakes his head.
“You told me you loved me,” he manages to say. Malcolm’s open expression has closed off and he drops his hands from my face.
“I do. But I thought that I could get over it. Malcolm, we’re teenagers,” I argue. He looks confused. I don’t blame him. My logic is even confusing me.
“Why would you need to get over how you feel about me?” he asks.
“I…” This isn’t going easily. I thought that I could forget about Malcolm. Unfortunately, it isn’t going to happen. He’s going to my college. If I run into him… If Dominic runs into him.
“What’s wrong?” His question is asked in an intense way. Malcolm hasn’t been hurt before. He’s dated, but nothing serious. I may be the one that stains his heart. It isn’t fun to think about. But it has to happen, because I can’t get distracted.
“I’m with someone. I’m sorry Malcolm. I haven’t had time to tell you,” I quickly say. He closes down and doesn’t show any emotion. It would be much easier had he cussed me out. Instead, he calmly picks up a piece of pepperoni pizza and continues to eat.
“How long have you been seeing him?” he casually asks.
“Two weeks,” I reply. He sighs and nothing else is said. Malcolm continues to eat and I stare at him and memorize every inch of his lovely face. Let’s face it, Dominic is no Malcolm. He isn’t going to soothe the ache that’s building in my soul. He doesn’t even make me smile. I only started dating him because he asked. We will probably be over by Christmas. I wonder if I’m going to be over Malcolm by then. Suddenly the door bangs open and someone runs into the house. Malcolm stands and my heart quickens. Is it a burglar? Nope. Eliza runs into the room, tears streaming down her face. She jumps into Malcolm’s arms and he holds her as she sobs uncontrollably. I’m a little pissed at her for punching Tia. But it isn’t time to talk to her about that.
“Where’s Nathan?” she cries as soon as she’s able to pull away.
“He’s at work,” he response. My friend glances around, sees the candles and the pizza and abruptly stops crying. She giggles hysterically.
“Oh, pizza, that’s great!  Did I interrupt a date?” she asks.
“No, it’s just dinner amongst two friends. Danny’s boyfriend Dominic wouldn’t be happy if this was a date.” Eli stops laughing and her mouth pops open.
“You didn’t?” she hisses. I frown at Eli.
“What?”
“Carmen is never going to speak to you again.” My heart stops as I remember that Carmen has a crush on Dominic. How did I forget that? Crap.
“Eliza, this is none of your business,” I hiss.
“Oh, and what about Malcolm? How could you do that to him? You talk to me about being careless and stupid. But I never did something so selfish.” There’s something that I’ve never seen in Eliza’s eyes before, rage. Her entire body is shaking with it. I’m caught off guard and don’t know how to feel about her being so angry. It’s out of character for her. I’m not sure how to respond.
“Calm down, Eliza. Carmen isn’t going to care,” I soothe.
“I’m not going to care about what?” Carmen asks as she slowly enters the living room. Her face is full of curiosity.
“I’m sort of dating Dominic Oliver.”  Her gentle face falls and it’s replaced by hurt. Eliza quickly wraps her arms around her and I feel even more broken then I did before. Malcolm is just eating his pizza as if my life didn’t just break apart. Peter enters, his eyes going from Eliza, to me, to Danny.
“You know, you’re right brother,” Malcolm declares. “You did pick the better girl. This one couldn’t even be faithful to me for a month.’ Peter’s friendly eyes turn dark with anger. Yup, are bonding moment is over.
“What’s wrong with Carmen?” he asks Malcolm.
“She cheated on me with the coveted Dominic Oliver,” Malcolm announces.  Jake strolls in at that very moment, his face showing relief at finding me. He too stares at the girls and Malcolm is quick to broadcast my shame. He sighs.
“Geez sis, you’re vicious. You already punched the girl. You had to break her heart to?” That hurt more than anything. I stand, grab my keys and fly out of the house before anyone can see my tears.


Chapter 22

Eliza
“Is she gone?” Carmen asks against my chest.
“Yes,” I say, feeling horrible that this happened to her. My cousin has always been obsessive. That unfortunately extended to Dominic Oliver. She pulls back from me and we face Malcolm who looks as though his world has been taken from him. He fell hard for Danny. Who knows why? She’s uptight and agitating. I barely like her on a good day. She reeks of organization and sensibility. Look where that got her?
“Look, Malcolm, I’m not the type to give advice about love. But she is convinced that you are a fling. When she can’t get over you, she’ll come back,” Jake says. Malcolm chuckles.
“And I’ll want her?” Jake nods in understanding. Now that his sister has thoroughly screwed up, he can’t really defend her.
“It doesn’t matter,” Carmen says glumly. “Chelsea told me to tell her how I really felt about Dominic and I didn’t listen.” Jake shakes his head at my cousin’s ridiculousness.  But I can’t help but think if you snooze you lose. That’s why I grab opportunities before they fly away. This very reason is why I’m standing in Malcolm’s living room. Jake may not want to see Dana, but I do. Mom and Dad are back at their hotel arguing. Dad most definitely doesn’t approve of her slapping me across the face. He’s also furious with me for punching her. My response hadn’t been the brightest. But that woman slapped me. She isn’t my mother and never acted like one. All of the ways that she has made my life miserable when dad wasn’t around. It makes perfect sense now. She hates me because her husband had an affair. The thought fills me with rage. Dad left me alone with a woman who didn’t even want me. What did he think would happen? Days of being locked in the punishment room causes nausea to coat my tongue.  All of those lonely hours that I felt like I hadn’t been enough for my mother. It all makes perfect sense. She never wanted me.
“Carmen, despite what you think, you’ll get over him,” Malcolm says and my cousin gives him a hopeful look. Because I’m not one to waste time I say, “You’re not coming with me, Jake?”
“Eliza, Dawn is my mother. I don’t need to go seek out a woman that just let me go.” His response is predictable. Dawn Sanchez is the sweetest woman ever. She’s the type that will listen to your problems and bake your favorite dessert for your birthday. Ironically, I use to wish that she could be my mother.
“Carmen, what about you?” I ask. She smiles at me.
“Sorry Eliza, I’m not eighteen yet,” she reminds me. If Nathan doesn’t come along, I’m going to be all alone. The thought of visiting her by myself gives me the chills. I’ll have nothing to say to the woman.
“What’s this about?” Malcolm asks as he drags his fingers through his hair. Thankfully, Jake gives him a quick rundown.
“You’re going to ask my cousin to come?” Malcolm realizes.  I nod. He sighs.
“My aunt and uncle aren’t going to like it,” he warns. My boyfriend’s parents can’t stand me. Whenever I come to visit, they pretend that I’m not there. Part of me hopes that the relationship will improve. But I can’t even get my own father to like me. The odds of winning the approval of two strangers are highly unlikely.  After Malcolm’s outburst, no one seems to know what to say. Let’s face it, one of us are exactly friends with Malcolm. Danny kept him to herself. Jake and I barely talk. And let’s not forget about Jake and Carmen. He likes her well enough but they don’t really run in the same circles. In hopes of making this less awkward, I sit down on the soft couch. Jake and Carmen follow suit and Peter sighs. Honestly, I had forgotten that he was here.
“I’ll be in my room. Homework is calling my name,” he says before leaving us alone. Moments later, the front door opens and closes and I think that Peter has left the house. But then boots clamp against the kitchen floor and he is here. My heart fills with joy and relief when Nathan stands in the doorway. His dark hair is wild and his eyes are filled with fatigue. I launch myself at him like a rocket and he wraps his thick arms around me and I get on my toes to plant a gentle kiss on his lips. I breathe in his scent and squeeze him tight. He is my rock. I know that for sure.
“Hey,” he greets before kissing the top of my head.
“I need you,” I say against his chest.   His arms tighten like protective bands and in that moment I know that I will be safe with him.
“What’s wrong, Eliza?” he asks. I pull back from him and caress his chin with my fingertip.
“I need you to come with me,” I blurt out.
“Where?” he asks.
“I don’t know yet. Okay, let me start from the beginning. My mother isn’t my real mother.” His mouth opens wide.
“Who’s you’re real mother?” he asks.
“Dana Johnson. She wrote me a letter and I want to see her. But the problem is that if Dad finds out that she has contacted me, he will make her life miserable. Apparently, he has gotten people fired before,” I explain. Nathan’s eyes grow dark with anger.
“So he bullied a woman into giving her daughter up?” he roars. Oh, my Nathan, he’s so easy to rile. I want to laugh at his thunderous expression. How often does the tick in his jaw make an appearance? I kiss his jaw and rub his shoulder.
“I want to see her. But I don’t want dad to find out,” I say. Seriously, I’m many things, but I’m not selfish. I can’t book a flight to where ever the woman is from and spend a few weeks there. Dad will definitely suspect something. The best thing for me to do is drive. Luckily, Dad gave me a range rover for my nineteenth birthday. He isn’t crazy enough to put a tracker in the car. I know that for sure.  But he will keep track of my spending habits. I guess I’ll be hitting up an ATM before I drive.
“What do you propose?” he slowly asks.
“That you and I take a road trip.” Nathan’s eyes light up and he smirks. He knows that this will be a perfect time for him to take a road trip. He doesn’t start college until next fall. His father made a deal with Nathan after he graduated high school. For two years he can work and figure out what he really wants to do.  But he would have to eventually “Wise up” and get an education. I’m not sure he has made up his mind yet. I have. Next year, I’m going to study pre-med. Wait until my mother hears that. Her idea of an education is going to law school. She won’t be happy to learn that I intend on becoming a pediatrician. But Dad will be happy that I have finally decided on something.
“Uncle Ben will see through this,” Carmen says. And that’s approximately when I remember that we aren’t alone. I turn to look at her.
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“You love Chelsea. She’s the reason why you aren’t in school right now. Why would you suddenly take off?” she asks.
“Crap,” I mutter as my heart sinks. I’ve decided to put school off until next fall so that I could be close to Chelsea. Dad will find it funny that I’m suddenly gallivanting through the country with my boyfriend.
“Get married,” Carmen blurts. Nathan and I stare at her. She sighs as if the idea is just so simple.
“What?” is the only thing that comes out of my mouth?
“If you get hitched you can travel for your honey moon,” she reasons.
“Carmen, a wedding is forever,” Malcolm argues. His dark eyes are filled with worry and concern.
“I’ll do it,” Nathan says and my heart flutters. He will marry me if it’s what I need to go through with this.
“I’m in. What do we need to do?”
“Eliza, why can’t you guys be engaged? Maybe the trip can…” Malcolm stops speaking when Carmen shakes her head.
“This is unfortunately the only way. Without a marriage, you don’t get an inheritance. Without that, you can’t protect your mother if your father finds out,” she says gently. Nathan and I are both staring at each other. We have been together for two months. But I knew the moment that I saw him that he was the one. So what if we get married four years too early. Besides, weddings aren’t permanent. If things don’t work out, I have a way out. It seems that Nathan is thinking the same thing so he nods his agreement.
“I’m not eloping,” Nathan tells me and I nod.
“Your mother will be furious. I vote that we have a small ceremony at church. Carmen is my maid of honor,” I say and she smirks and claps her hands. Nathan frowns and looks at Malcolm He nods.
“Let me go get the ring,” Nathan offers before giving me a swift kiss and leaving the room. So it’s all settled. I’m getting married and will travel by car to see my birth mother. I will get to know her and will figure things out from there. I sigh and join Carmen on the couch.
“Eliza, are you sure about this?” she asks.
“What’s the harm in getting married? If it doesn’t work out, we can split,” I say. Malcolm glares at me.
“Eliza, marriage is serious. Don’t forget that.” I nod in agreement and pull my phone out of my purse. Then, Carmen shakes her head and gives me her phone.
“You need to buy a disposable cell phone,” she tells me. I nod. Dad can’t trace that. She calls Dana and passes me the phone. My heart is beating as the phone rings.
“Hello?” a woman’s voice says.
“Is this Dana?” I ask.
“Yes. Who is this?”
“Eliza.” Dana pauses and sucks in a sharp breath before speaking.
“Oh, you got the letter,” she says.
“Listen, I had no idea about you. I want to come see you,” I announce.
“Really? Your father. He won’t allow that,” the woman squeaks.
“I know. That’s why he won’t know. Trust me, I have a plan,” I assure her.
“Oh.”
“I will buy a disposable phone and call you only from that number,” I tell her.
“This isn’t your number?” she asks.
“No. It isn’t,” I tell her.
“You’re a smart girl,” the woman says in a tone that’s full of pride. That makes me smile.
“I have to go. But I’ll call you soon for an address,” I tell her. We say goodbye and I look at Malcolm.
“She’s a lot nicer than my mother,” is the only thing that I can say.  Everyone smiles.
“You should probably tell your parents about the wedding tomorrow,” Carmen suggests.
“What about you?” I ask, not thinking that she will be okay.
“I’ll be fine. Since Dominic isn’t up for grabs anymore, I figure that I will concentrate on something else,” Carmen declares. Jake, who has been silent throughout all of this, stares at me.
“Is this worth seeing her?” he gently asks.
“Yes, it is. And Jake, you’re more than welcome to tag along,” I tell him. Jake shakes his head.
“Just tell her I say hi. When you get back, I will talk to my parents about the possibility of seeing her. I don’t want them talking to Uncle Ben and tipping off that they now,” he says.
Good idea,” I agree. Nathan enters the room and grins.
“Eliza, will you come outside with me?” he asks. Although I know what’s going to happen, I stand and follow Nathan into the night.

The End of book one
Author’s note:

Thank you for reading ESCAPE, book one in the Philips’ Family Saga.
I’d love to hear what you think! Feel free to review the book and
Recommend it to friends. The second book in this series is called
SALVAGE and is available for download. If you have any questions,
Please contact me.

Email: Debbie.civil90@gmail.com
Blog: debbiescivil.blog.com 
Twitter: @debbiecivil


 
