­				Mystical Quest 	
				Katherine Lynette
	 			Copyright 2010 by Katherine Lynette 
				Smashwords Edition
 
­    

				Chapter I: Cold Streets

  “Get that girl!” A guard shouted to his men. The iron clad boots drummed with hurried intensity that thundered louder than the brewing storm overhead. It was evening. The sky was dark and thunderous. Purple and blue lightning lit up the heavens reflected off from her pursuers' armor. Rain scattered down from the heavens heavily as did frightened tears from the frightened teen. The girl was talked about a lot in the town. Gossipy elderly ladies would say she still had relatives, but enjoyed the life of a filthy scoundrel. Many sighed in wonder of why she continued to run, hide, and had run away from the orphanage before she turned an adult age. The girl’s name was Sylvia Silver. Her father had abandoned his family soon after her mother had given birth to her. Sylvia was but twelve when her mother had passed on. In her soaked clothing she sat in one of her many hiding spots. A hidden door was above her head to the left. It was more of a large piece of wood that covered a hole in the ground. The hiding spot was a bit cramped, but it had to do. All that mattered to her right now was that it was hard to spot in this alley way, especially in this storm. 
“That was a close one.” Sylvia gasped and shivered more from the close call than the cold. She removed her hood and waves of red hair poured about her face. “Blast, my jacket is soaked.” She stated the misfortune as fact rather than simply complaining.  At nineteen she was an average girl. Her life on the streets did little to distinguish her from the lowliest of the peasantry. Her feminine features were oft hidden under layers of grime and threadbare clothing barely considered more than horse blankets. She wore black leather gloves that she had found sifting through the trashcans at night. They were dirty and full of tears, but rather than complain of their ill condition, she was grateful to have anything opposed to nothing. To keep warm in the winter season she had a faded gray, knit coat that someone had given her out of charity. Under that she wore a kind of dressy red cotton shirt that she had taken.  Her conscience bothered her little with thieving from those who afforded more than they deserved.  She wore a dark green skirt with black leggings underneath. Her footwear consisted of black, knee high boots that laced up; her finest possession.
“How long can I possibly keep running away like a criminal?” She asked herself as she watched her breath form in the cold. She hugged her knees to her chest and tried to retain body heat. “I do steal, but only to live. I only take food that the market keepers would never miss and would only cost a few coins, which I do not have. I steal clothes so I will not completely suffer in this winter. Or is there really no point in me living...” Her ears became alert when she heard some footsteps above. She sighed when she realized it was only some homeless like her trying to keep warm and start a fire of glorious warmth. She would have gone up to help, but she could not reveal her hidden places. The other beggars that wandered the streets were not as kind as you might think they might be be to others like themselves. Greed inhabited many hearts. “...but I do not want death...”Sylvia shivered curled up in a corner. As she continued to think about life, she fell asleep.
She got more sleep than she thought she would have. Now it seemed like it was morning, because of the calm of the town she heard. She decided to go above to the cobblestone streets. Slowly, she pushed up on the wooden board and peeked out. Everything was clear so she lifted herself out along with a small bag she carried. Snowflakes danced down from the sky. Sylvia hugged her arms around her stomach as it suddenly rumbled with a painful hunger.
“Bread! Would the bakery really miss one loaf of bread?” Sylvia walked straight ahead in the alleyway. She lifted herself as she climbed a wall. She caught bright sunlight in her eyes as she climbed atop the wall. The sun was behind wintery clouds. Over the years her agility had grown. She kept going and walked carefully over a roof. Below was the bakery. The streets were empty at this early hour. Shops and businesses prepared their goods to sell. She did spot a couple of guards that wielded swords along with a small gun at their side, across the street wearing their dark red uniforms, and funny looking hats. “I bet the townsfolk are happily stuffing themselves with breakfast in front of a pleasant fireplace. “Ah! How sickly happy they must be. With no thoughts of inviting any so called filthy, street thieves inside. We don't even know if we will have a next meal.” Sylvia knew this was going to be easy because there was only the baker down there. Perhaps she was slightly cocky at what she had become so good at. She covered her head with her hood. Then with quickness she jumped down and landed on her feet. She was not noticed. She gathered strength and then with swiftness and precaution she ran by as she grabbed a large, warm loaf of bread.
Not too soon after she heard the baker cry out, “Thief, thief! Guards catch her!” She pushed her fear away as she ran with knowledge of those guards behind her. She could not run to an underground hiding place. The town guards were too close. She turned into an alleyway; and she heard them say she had nowhere to go, and to give up. She never looked back, but continued to run. With strength built up over years she jumped up on a trashcan that fell over when her feet left the lift. Then with barley a struggle lifted herself up onto the wall. She climbed over. When she jumped down she was behind a house. She rushed to the front and quickly knocked before she twisted the doorknob. It was unlocked and she entered with no thought. Her heart pounded loudly in her chest. When she entered, she paid no attention to who may be in the house, but had quickly turned around to the door as she shut it. Her ear was against the door listening for the footsteps of the guards to pass.
“Who do you think you are?” A chair crashed to the floor. 
Sylvia turned around to see a man. His wife was standing behind him at the kitchen table holding their small son. “I-I… it was unlocked…” She could hardly find the words to say anything.
“So that gives you a right to enter a stranger's home?” The man asked.
“Honey, she's a beggar girl. She is probably that runaway orphan that was never caught.” His wife informed with little emotion towards Sylvia other than surprise that she had barged in. 
After all these years, people still blew her mind at the lack of care or empathy. She certainly didn't want anyone's sympathy. 
“No thieves are welcome in my home! Get out!” The man shouted.
Sylvia shook as she stood propped against the door. The stolen loaf of bread was stuffed down in her zipped up coat. She was not sure what to do. She did not want to go out and risk bumping into a guard. Would this family have kindness? The father of the house already shared his bitter tone. “Pl-please,” her voice quivered, “sir and ma’am, I really don't have anywhere to go. I am hungry, and freezing in the snow out there. Could you find the kindness in your heart to let me stay a bit even if it’s for one night to be warm with a full stomach?”
“We cannot!” The man walked up to her; and if she were an unwanted animal gripped her arm, jerked the door opened and literally threw her out onto the icy ground.
Sylvia did not know what to think, but before she could; she had a feeling guards would be on her tail so again she ran. In the distance she heard the man call for the guards. They were far behind though. She wiped away unneeded tears as she ran and made it safely into a different hiding place.
She took out a rationed piece of bread and ate it down quickly. She sniffled. “Why?” She sighed. “Well, surely I did not expect strangers to show a poor, filthy, orphan girl kindness. Instead I'm treated like a nasty stray dog being thrown out of a home. They may be warm in their stupid house, but their hearts are cold!” She tried to hold back the tears welling up inside. There was so much pain inside. “What do I care? I can cry if I want,” and she did. She was still cold and numb. She sneezed twice and sniffled. “Great. What would it matter if I died from a cold? No one will miss a thief.” She sneezed once more.
“Who’s there?” A feminine voice asked.
With a sniff Sylvia lifted her head. She looked down from the tree she was hiding in. An elderly lady with white curls hanging loosely from her hat stood looking around. She was dressed in nice clothing. “Why is she looking up here?”
“Is there someone up in that tree?” The lady asked.
“Yes.” Sylvia answered after she hesitated a few moments. 
“Do you want to come out of hiding, please?”
“Why?”
“I heard you crying, dear. I just want to help.” She reassured.
Sylvia showed herself. “Really?” The lady nodded her head and Sylvia jumped down out of the tree.
“Oh, so it is you, Sylvia Silver.” The lady smiled. “I have some gifts for you.” 
“Why would you just happen to have a gift for me?” The lady motioned for her to come and sit beside her, and Sylvia did. “And why would you even want to give me anything?”
“Well, the guards were busy early this morning and I thought it was you giving them a good run so I was hoping to find you.” She pulled out a fancy, black wool scarf from a bag, and wrapped it around Sylvia’s neck. “There, I know you must be freezing.”
“It's so beautiful.” Sylvia spoke in a whisper. “It’s so warm and soft, too. How can I thank you?” She was stunned at the gift. 
“Oh, where are manners? My name is Latasha.” They shook hands. “Would you like to clean yourself up and have your clothes washed? I have more things for you at my house.”
“Maybe...”She wondered if she could trust this old lady.
“I'm just an old lady. I'm not after you.”
Sylvia accepted with a nod.
“I don't want the guards to notice you so come with me.”
Sylvia did. She was not sure what to think of this nice lady. It was a cozy little house made of brick outside and wood and brick inside. Latasha removed her coat and scarf and laid them on a chair. Sylvia did the same, but held on to them and to the stolen bread. “Would you like me to wash your clothes, as well?”
Sylvia was hesitant. “A hot bath will be just fine, ma'am.”
“Yes, I suppose it is hard for you to trust anyone.” She went to get the bath ready.
Sylvia stood in the living room looking around. “Everything is so nice. There is a fireplace, wood floors with pretty rugs. The kitchen seems to have expensive dishes.”
“Sylvia,” Latasha walked from a side door that was left of the entrance, “the water is nice and hot and there are fresh wash cloths and towels on a small wooden table beside the tub.”
“Thank you so much for doing this for me. You do realize you could get in trouble if you were caught helping me?” The lady nodded and waved her hand like she did not care. 
“I cannot blame you.” She was not worried.
Sylvia headed into the bathroom. It was a small room made of wood. Sylvia undressed and slipped into the tub. “The water is so hot and steamy. Perhaps I will not come down with sickness after all.” When she was clean and her skin was wrinkly; she stepped out and grabbed the nearby towel.
Latasha was sitting in a chair. In front was a table, which had plates of food and two cups of hot tea. “How do you feel, Sylvia? Come and sit beside me.”
“Thank you again.”
“It's my pleasure.” The old lady smiled. “Help yourself to a cup of tea. I made you eggs, and sausage and your loaf of bread is there.”
“You did not have to go to the trouble-”
“I wanted to. It would only waste in the kitchen.”
Sylvia helped herself and enjoyed it. “This is really great.”
“Hmm… that is an interesting piece of jewelry around your neck.” Latasha felt it with her fingers. The jewel’s shape was like a diamond, but long, thin and its color is a light blue. 
“Yes.” Latasha looked up with question in her eyes. “My mother gave it to me when she knew she was going to pass soon. She told me it was generations old and that it held some sort of mystical capacity. I don't know about that, but I treasure it.” She continued. “I remember stories she told me of long ago about queens and kings and nobility. How amazing would it be to be from nobility.” Sylvia came out of her fantasy trance and looked down. “But nothing of that sort could ever happen.”
“Those are lovely thoughts though.” Latasha smiled.
“I think I need to be going.” Sylvia said suddenly.
“Ah, are you certain?”
“I don't want to stay too long.”
“I suppose if you must.” Latasha sighed. Sylvia stood and put her gray coat on. “Do allow me to give you some more gifts.” She walked over to Sylvia. “I don't know if you like the style, but I thought they would fit you well. Remove your coat for a moment.” Latasha placed a half jacket around Sylvia's arms. The black material added to the warm layers of clothing, and the pattern of roses was nice.   
“I like it. Thank you.” Sylvia bowed. 
Latasha touched Sylvia’s chin with a finger to make her look up. “And there is no need to thank me. I know how grateful you are. I put some things  into your bag.” She continued when Sylvia sighed. “I put food in there for when you get hungry later on. In case you run into trouble I gave you various medicines in containers.”
Latasha walked Sylvia to the door. Sylvia turned, “Miss Latasha, I will remember your kindness.”
“You can always return.” Latasha smiled.
A banging came at the door. Sylvia jumped away. “Open the door for the guards!”
Sylvia felt a shot of fear inside as she looked at Latasha. “It seems I have already worn out my welcome.”
“Sylvia,” Latasha whispered, “go through the back door. There is a stone wall near that you can hide behind.” She took Sylvia by the arm and walked her to the kitchen. “The door is there. I wish you the best of luck on your journeys.”
Louder banging came at the door. “We will tear the door down if you do not open!”
“Yes! Yes! Give an old lady a moment!” Latasha shouted as she gave Sylvia a chance to run. Latasha unlatched the door and the guards burst through the door. They started searching around the house. The leader stood in front of Latasha. “Are you housing a criminal?”
“A criminal? Heavens no!”
“Oh, rumors, you know, feed a stray dog, and they are likely to return... feed a stray orphan thief...” The guard sounded all to sure that Sylvia had been there.
“No, I cannot help you.”
Sylvia was outside in the cold again hiding behind a wall where trash bags were. “I know they are near, but where am to go?”
“Guards, guards!” A resident shouted. “I saw her climb over this wall.”
“Go through the opening men! You three split up and surround her on the other side. Go!”
“Blast!” Sylvia threw the bag strap over one shoulder across her body, then put her coat on over the jacket, and zipped it up. The space was not too wide between the walls. She could go backwards or forwards and eventually end up at a dead end. She ran straight. The sound of her boots hitting the ground matched the pounding of her heart that she heard in her ear. 
“Stop!” Two, tall guards dressed in dark red uniforms were behind her with long, sheathed swords, and pistols attached to their belts. Sylvia ignored their words and tried to focus. She saw a dead end ahead. Sylvia prepared herself and leaped up onto a ledge, and carefully walked along it. She climbed up onto a roof. “Maybe I should not have done this on the icy surface. I have got to think faster and smarter!” 
“Don't fall, thief!” Two guards had made it onto the roof.
Sylvia stood up taller trying to hold her posture, but still aware of her balance as she held her arms out. She looked at the two guards who were unsteady as well. “What do I do? Where do I go? Oh, I hate the ways of these people!” Sylvia lost her focus, and felt an extremely uncomfortable grip. A guard was behind Sylvia and had one of her arms twisted behind her back where it was difficult for her to move. “We have you now, thief!” The guards warm breath was felt on Sylvia’s scared face. The tighter his clutch was the more she was forced to her knees. Resisting was no good. It only caused more pain, but she did not want to give up so easily. She tried not to groan from pain, but it was hard. She wanted to fight all of them even though she knew full well that she could not. “Ah, my dear, what is wrong?” The guards mocked her. 
Sylvia was now completely on her knees. Her face burned with anger.“I suppose being caught after all these years was inevitable, and completely my own fault.”
“What should we do with her, now?” 
“Oh, let’s see. We could lock her up or…” The leader bent down to face Sylvia. He touched a strand of her hair. “On the other hand, who would miss her?”
“Get your hands away from me!” Sylvia screeched. “What are you thinking?”
“Throw her off the building!”
“The blazes you are!” Sylvia felt a rush of adrenaline and she went with it. She gathered her strength, raised up enough, and kicked the guard behind her. She kicked him in the knee, which was enough for her arm to be released. She stood and avoided his punch. When his punch missed, it made him lose balance and fall backward, and off the roof onto the pavement with a thud. Sylvia did not have time to react because the other two guards were coming at her. She saw a flat roof to her side. With no hesitation she took off and jumped. “I made it!” She said in an  accomplished voice as she continued and climbed down. She made it to one of her underground hideouts. “I am safe, again, for now. Why do they push harder at trying to catch me? And that guard… he may have fallen to his death…I did that…” “I hate being here in this cold place!” Sylvia cried out. “Mother, I miss you!” She pulled her necklace from under her shirt. “What was the purpose of you giving me this necklace? When you gave it to me, you spoke words I did not understand at the time.” She repeated them. “With a prayer, a smallest whisper, hurt and lost, you will be found, you will see your inner most desire.” She rubbed the jewel with her fingers. “Mother,” she whispered as she sucked up her tears and sniffed, “I remember the stories you told me. I remember the magic and myth, the bravery, and kindness that you made sound so very real.” She laid down on the ground. “I don't want to be here. I have nothing here. There is nothing to live for. I have to steal food to fill me for barely one meal, run, and hide and that makes a full day. Then there is the cold, loneliness, confusion and hate.” Before long Sylvia had cried herself into a very deep sleep. It seemed like a lucid dream. Inside herself she saw a black background and then a bright blue-white shining from her jewel. She saw her hands reach to the jewel around her neck. Her hands closed over the jewel, but it seemed as if the jewel was emitting power of some sort that could not be contained. Light burst through her fingers forcing her to remove her hands. She felt like she was falling, and falling deeper and deeper.



				Chapter II: Fairy Tale Stories

Sylvia was twelve at the time, when her and her mother lived with her aunt. Sylvia attended a private all-girl school, and was in grade seven. Her aunt only covered the cost of schooling in favor to their mother who had been ill for a long time. Lately, it had been getting worse. No doctor could find the cause of her sickness. No one could explain her mood with much detail. She was usually crying, or held a tired, stressed look on her face. No one knew why she coughed up blood sometimes either. She was not quite all there. She held a spaced out look in her eyes quite often. Sylvia had always done her best to please her mother. She did not have to try too hard. Her mother responded to her. However, Sylvia felt that because her mother was still like this, it was her fault. She felt like everything she did was not good enough to make her mother smile as often as she wanted her to. She loved her mother, though, and kept trying every day to do something different to make her smile. She was at a loss of what else to do to help.
Sylvia had never known her father. Sylvia often wondered if that is what caused her mother to act so far off. However, it would not seem to explain her coughing up blood, and having pains in her body. Had father left her because he was tired of her seemingly incurable pain? Could he have been such an inconsiderate man? Sylvia wondered what kind of man could all of a sudden leave his family, and his ill wife. 
It was not too bad living with her aunt as long as her mother was there with her. Her aunt acted nice, but Sylvia felt like it was all a big covered up act. It seemed like she had only been acting like she had been taking care of Sylvia as if it was just out of favor. She acted snub to her, when they were not in sight of their mother. In fact, Sylvia remembered how mother was not very happy about having to turn to her sister for help, but she did not have anywhere else to go. 

One night Sylvia was called by her mother to her room. Sylvia eagerly went upstairs to see her. “Mother, what is it?” She asked as she walked over to her bed.
“I’m sorry I have not been a good mother. I failed to be there when you needed me.” She said weakly.
Sylvia knelt at her bedside and held her hand. “You haven't failed! You are a great mother. It’s not your fault that you're sick.”
She held out her other hand to her daughter. “Wear this necklace, and think of me. Speak these words; With a prayer, a smallest whisper, hurt and lost, you will be found, you will see your inner most desire.”
“What is this all of a sudden?” Sylvia asked as she fastened the necklace around her neck. It was an eye catching color of blue. “Mother, I don’t really understand this.”
“I’m sorry we had to come here to live. My sister probably hasn’t been treating you well. When you're on your own, leave here, and find a safe place. Be strong.”
Sylvia began to cry, and was not too sure why. She just had a bad feeling that jerked at her heart. “Are you leaving me?” She cried. She hadn't meant to burst into tears. She couldn't help it after all this. It had been pent up too long. 
Her mother caressed her face where the tears fell. “Please, don't be sad. I don't want to see you in pain. Unexplainable events take place in this world, and you have to accept it and move on. You have to accept that I have an unknown illness, and I'm not getting better.”
“No... what do you need? I'll do anything.” Sylvia pleaded. 
“I just want you to take care of yourself.” She smiled. “Let yourself be taken to a land of happiness.”
She nodded and kissed her mother. She did not want to be separated from her. Neither did she want to believe the reality that she had accept somehow and deal with. Her broken heart was very heavy. Her stomach was weighed down with knots that made her feel sick. 

The next day was a cold one. Snow danced down from the clear sky all day steadily. When Sylvia returned home from school that day she felt something was wrong. She entered the house slowly. Her aunt stood at the door, as if she had been waiting. The twisted look on her aunt's face was unsettling. There were lines underneath her eyes as if caused from lack of sleep or stress. It made her afraid to ask what the matter was. Without having to ask, her aunt spoke.
“Your mother has been taken away.” Her voice was empty.
“What do you mean 'taken away'?” She repeated and her body became tense.
“The doctors came, and tried their best, but it wasn't enough. She is finally free from all the suffering.” The aunt explained. 
“Free?” Sylvia questioned. She could hear the nervous beating of her heart in her ear. She could feel the terrifying cold chills all through her body. Her knees beneath her shook uncontrollably. She was speechless in utter terror.
Her aunt did not seem in as much mourning as one should be after losing their sister, however she did seem troubled. Sylvia had always wondered about her sanity. Had this incident broken it? Sylvia began to turn to run out of reaction, but her aunt placed a painful grip on her arm, and pulled her back. She then brought out a whip and beat her with it. As it slashed against Sylvia's skin she screamed. It was unbearable even through her clothes. “It's your fault your father ran off! My sister's body changed after she gave birth to you! It is your fault she is dead!”
Sylvia's face was covered in tears. She could not speak, and had trouble getting her breath. Her arms and legs bore harsh red marks against her pale skin. “She became ill after giving birth to me? She died because of me? If I had never been born then...” A stinging pain brought her out of her lost thought. Her lip must have been struck as well. The taste of blood filled her mouth.  
“You are no longer accepted in my house, wretch! Never return here!” Her aunt grabbed her up by her hair, dragged her out, and literally kicked her with her foot, and let her fall onto the hard ground. The cold ground. “Because of me? She died...” The thought continuously repeated in her mind, over and over again as she lied there trembling. She wanted to call for help, but there was no one she could call out to. Tears would not seem to stop rolling down her pale cheeks. She had no more family, she did not have any friends she could count on. 
She heard footsteps come near her hurriedly. “Girl, stand!” She looked up as much as she could through the tears in her eyes, through the snowflakes that were now falling. Two tall men stood over her shouting words. They wore dark red uniforms... the town guards. Was she in trouble?
“Come with us!” The command was shouted again. 
“Mother!” She cried out suddenly with force. She felt strong arms around her. It was not the kind of strong arms that young girls dreamed of having around them. No these were forceful arms that were going to take her away with no regret. She screamed louder and louder as she was practically dragged off by them. She screamed until her throat was raw and raspy. Desperation grew into fear. 

Wellington Orphanage. The name of it was etched above on the building that Sylvia saw as only the beginning of her hell. She had stopped crying by now. She was taken into the building. The building was huge. Wooden, brown staircases wound up on either side of the room. Across from her in the dining area there were many large tables filled with children. They did not seem like children though. None held smiles on their faces, no laughter came, but she figured this place was not about laughter. They sat up straight at their tables as they ate slowly, and properly. No sound came from them. Were these children or programmed robots?
“Ah, Mrs. Roberts.” A guard greeted an older woman as she approached. 
She was a large built woman. She wore glasses on her stern looking face. She had many wrinkles lining her face. Sylvia wondered if was because she never smiled.
“Is this another orphan?” Mrs. Roberts assumed. She spoke of Sylvia as if she was not even a person. Just another orphan? Just another child to burden her.
“Yes, her aunt called us soon after the girl's mother died.” Again those words, and the reality of them tore at Sylvia's heart. She had not had any time to grieve or to throw up in response to how her stomach felt about this hellish day. She knew she could get no kindness from this place, just as she could not from her aunt. She was shocked at how little they cared.
She was shown around the orphanage. It was nothing exciting or pretty, besides the finely polished floors. Everything was so clean. Cleaning duties were assigned to the orphans. They took trash out, and washed dirty laundry and dishes and anything she could think of. Mrs. Roberts was constantly pushing the kids to do more, better, faster. She frowned, and reprimanded when she saw what little laughter came from the broken hearts of the kids. They deserved to be happy. Sylvia did not understand this place, or that blasted, cold-hearted Mrs. Roberts. None of the kids, ages ranging from six to sixteen, were truly taken care of. They were all made to dress properly, every wrinkle smoothed out of their clothing, every shoe polished to shine, and every hair on their head combed through. That was not truly being taken care of though. There was no love, no kind words, no happiness. It was like a prison. They were not free to play and be children.
Most of the kids, when upstairs in their rooms for a bit of free time would gather with their friends, talk, tell stories, and play games. Most of all they would laugh. Sometimes they would stay up late in each others room with candles lit. Stories of fairy tales would be told. Such exciting adventures of a far away land were lovely to dream about. They had to keep a look out for Mrs. Roberts, or any of the maids who may tell.
Sylvia was beaten many times of all the time she stayed there until she was determined to figure a way out. To be beaten for being caught laughing was wrong. It was more understandable to be punished for attempting to leave. She had every good reason to want to get away. However she stayed there until she was sixteen, and continued to run and hide for years.
				Chapter III: Quest

She was falling, falling deeper and deeper… ... ...
“Where did that girl come from?” Nolen exclaimed as he stepped in front of Queen Quara. the queen’s other guard, Tessa stepped in front, as well, with a sci in each hand.
Queen Quara spoke. “Zell, see if she is okay.”
“Me? Are your mighty guards scared, or am I just bait if something goes wrong?” His question was only answered with a cold stare from Tessa and a ‘what are you waiting on’ look from the queen. He sighed and bent down beside the girl. She laid so still. He lifted her wrist to check her pulse. “Her pulse is steady. It seems as though she is sleeping if not just unconscious.”
“She couldn't have fallen from the sky.” Tessa remarked.
Zell just looked at her and then spoke to the queen. “What do we do now, my lady? We cannot continue the quest and leave her like this.”
“And why not?” Tessa spoke harshly. “It's imperative that we continue this quest.”
Queen Quara knew Tessa was feeding a flame by continuing with her stern attitude. Zell stood. His long, brown hair covered part of one eye. He glared at Tessa. “How can you say that?” He kept calm even though he felt angered. “Do you not recall...” He let it go. “Never mind.” 
Tessa almost said something else, but stopped when the queen laid her hand on Tessa’s shoulder. “Say no more. You know his situation. Please, be more considerate, Tessa.”
“I'm a warrior. I don't have too much room for considerate feelings.”
“Tessa, you are under my orders so you must do as I say.” Queen Quara defended Zell.
“It's fine.” Zell sighed. 
“Look at the girl’s strange clothing. I wonder where she is from. Perhaps an unknown world.” Nolen commented as they stared at her.
Sylvia’s arm jerked. Zell bent down to her side. “She is waking.”
Sylvia made mumbled noises as she woke up. She moved her hand and felt grass under her fingertips. She moved her hand farther, felt material of a long jacket. Her eyes shot open as she gasped. She saw strangers around her in an unfamiliar place. Her mind was flooding with confusion. She sat up and pushed herself away from Zell. “Where am I? Who are you strange people?”
Zell moved towards Sylvia. She screamed, “Get away!” With everything she had been through it was best to be cautious. 
“No, please, we are not enemies.” Zell continued.
Queen Quara walked over to Zell. “Perhaps I should handle this.” Zell nodded and watched as the queen attempted to walk near Sylvia. “Dear girl, we won't hurt you. We are not even sure where you came from. This kingdom that you are in is called Enigma. My name is Quara, the queen of Enigma.”
Sylvia breathed heavily from shock. She was in awe of the dark-skinned queen’s beauty, but was still scared. She noticed her clothing; a long, flowing white dress, she wore brown sandals that tied up, at her middle she wore a uniquely designed belt, her dress was sleeveless, she wore arm bands around her biceps with white sleeves that connected, in her black, curly, pulled-up hair she wore a headpiece decorated with diamonds. “How do I know I can really trust them?” She scanned around. Nothing at all was familiar. Nature was all around; they were in a forest. Large trees that stretched as far as she could see was all she could make out. There were dirt paths that had been walked on many times from the look of the worn paths.“How did I get here and what is a queen doing here?”
Zell walked over to her. “We don't know where you came from. We were journeying, looked back on the path and you were there.” He saw the confusion and sadness in Sylvia’s face and felt compassion. “Tell me, what is your name?”
“Sylvia Silver.” She said softly.
Zell jumped. His compassion level swiftly changed when he heard the name that triggered his anger. “Silver!” He grabbed his dagger that was strapped on his belt, jerked Sylvia’s arm and placed the point of the weapon at her chest. Sylvia screamed with fear. She did not know what to think. When he had jerked her arm her black scarf flew off her. She wondered if this was a nightmare. She should not have given her name. She cursed herself. 
“Zell! Explain yourself!” Queen Quara demanded as she pounded her metal staff to the ground.
“Did you not hear her name? Silver! It is some kind of trick!” Zell shouted.
“Oh, blast it… I'm so confused. You don't look like anyone I've seen in my city; and you're not the town guards from my home. Why are you after me?”
“Zell, boy, calm down. People around here usually don't have two names. You know that.” Nolen spoke up.
“Why would she share the name Silver with that of my rival? Who are you?” He spoke loudly in Sylvia’s ear. 
“Zell, you are scaring the poor girl!” Queen Quara shouted and took a few steps towards them. 
“No, stay back!” Zell’s face was red with anger. “Tell me who you are, girl! Are you working for Silver?”
“I told you!” She felt tears roll down her cheeks. She hated that she was crying, but she was so confused and exhausted. “I don't know what else to say.” She tried to suck up her tears she couldn’t control her breathing well.
“You must be lying! You said your name is Silver!” He squeezed her arm tighter.
Sylvia felt his anger from his grip through the soft texture of her gray jacket. “My name is Sylvia! Yes, my last name is Silver. What do you want from me? I only stole some food, please have forgiveness! Is a life of a minor thief not worth more than a loaf of bread?” She desperately pleaded.
Zell tugged her around so they were face to face. He slowly lowered the dagger from her chest. “Bread?” He was unsure of what she was speaking of. 
Tessa punched Zell’s shoulder. “Zell, talk about consideration. Look at what you are doing. Let her go.” Tessa helped Sylvia up and walked her away from Zell. “Come on, Sylvia.” From her pocket she pulled out a piece of cloth and handed it to Sylvia.
“We might as well set up camp here, my lady. The sundial reads that it is nearing half past the twentieth hour.” Nolen suggested. 
Queen Quara stared up at the sky. “Half past eight and the sun is beginning to set.” She looked at Nolen. “Gather some firewood.”
“Yes.” He went on his way.
Queen Quara turned to Zell. His head was hung down as he sat there. “Zell, I thought you were going to calm down about Silver. We will fight him soon enough.”
“Yes…” He mumbled.
“Make yourself useful and prepare the fish that was caught earlier. Fix some rice you have in your bag as well.” Queen Quara said.
Sylvia walked off with Tessa. She noticed her clothing as well. The top was light blue, thin, loose material with long, flared out sleeves. The pants were loose, black and of the same material. She wore sandals. Her light brown hair was really long and was in a ponytail with leather weaved in and around it.
“Why are you following me?” Tessa asked.
“Because you stopped that man… and I want to make sure he does not pull a dagger on me again.”
“Oh Zell? No need to worry about that. He only goes berserk when it has to do with a rival.”
Sylvia carried wood back to the campsite. She sat down against a tree. While Zell was preparing food, Sylvia watched him. She gave all of them uncertain stares. Zell decided to say something after glancing at her cold stare. “So your name is Sylvia...”
“I would not repeat it so easily again. Last time I almost got killed.” Sylvia threw Zell’s attempt to be nice in his face.
“Yes, my apologies for that incident.” He held out fish and rice on leaves to Sylvia. “Do you accept my apology?” He put on a corny smirk.
“I will consider it.” Sylvia gave a weak smile and took the food. She was still going to be cautious. Soon the others gathered and joined in the dinner as the sun began to set. “You said I am in Enigma?” Sylvia stared around. There were trees everywhere. If they are traveling they may be following the long dirt paths, she thought. There were no dirt roads where she was from.
The queen answered. “Yes, this is just outside of the Enigma palace as well as some of its villages. Have you not heard of it?”
“Do you not recognize anything?” Zell asked.
“If I recognized anything I wouldn't remain with strangers including one who threatened my life!” She said angrily. 
“Is it possible she has amnesia?” Nolen, an older looking man, asked. 
“Can you remember what happened to you? Why were you lying on the ground unconscious? Were you robbed?” Quara asked with concern.
Sylvia shook her head. “I have no idea how I got here.” Then a thought hit her. “Wait, I may know. Nothing around here is like where I live.”Sylvia looked at the queen. “What is the date anyway?”
“Date?” Queen Quara showed her confusion.
“Yes. The month, date and year.” Sylvia broke it down.
“Oh, the year. It is the fifth month of the year 1380. Are you ill, child?” Queen Quara wondered why Sylvia's reaction was of surprise.
“Are you joking?” Sylvia tried to laugh her concern away.
“Why would we joke? What were you expecting?” Tessa asked.
Sylvia stood, and began slowly backing up with fear on her face. “It cannot be. How? I mean medieval ages? The same ages that happened long ago and my mother told me of princesses and noble people? No…”
Zell attempted to slowly walk over to her. “Sylvia…”
“No! I must be having a nightmare!” Sylvia started to run away.
“Sylvia, no! Come back. I think I know what's going on.” Zell yelled to her, but it did not stop her.
“Sure, I wanted to leave, but this is ridiculous! I still don't know how I ended up here. I just thought… I don't know, but not back in time!” She continued to run carelessly in the night. All her emotions were at a high point, and she seemed to forget she was in a forest area. She tripped on the root of a large tree, flew some feet ahead, and landed headfirst. Pounding pain struck her head and tears stung her eyes. She tried to push herself up, but pain, emotions, thoughts, and weariness forced her to drop back down to the ground.
“Sylvia, are you okay?” Zell caught up with her and knelt at her side. “Answer me.” Zell gently turned her over on her back so she could breath easier. He wiped dirt from her face along with the tears.
“Zell, is she okay?” Nolen shouted to him.
“Yes, I'll carry her back.” He replied. “Okay, Sylvia, you don't like me much and I return the feelings, but you are in need of help. I am going to gently pick you up.” Zell placed an arm under her legs and one under her back and carefully lifted her up.
“Great, so our journey is prolonged by a small girl we don't even know?” Tessa complained.
“Never mind, Tessa, we were setting up camp anyway.” Queen Quara said. “Fill more water in the wooden bucket. She is burning up.” Quara felt Sylvia’s bumped head. “What a strange coat she wears.” Quara fooled with it.
“It zips.” Zell said.
“Zips?” Queen Quara seemed confused. 
“Yes, I had on something similar when you met me.” Zell reminded.
“Ah, yes, of course.” Queen Quara unzipped Sylvia’s jacket and laid it beside her. “What a bright red she wears and such a pretty blue necklace.”
Zell looked. “Let me see that.” He bent down for a closer look, and held it between his fingers. “Could it really be?” He asked himself as he looked at his own pendent. Sylvia began to move as Queen Quara placed a cold cloth on her forehead.
“Sylvia, dear, how are you feeling?” Queen Quara asked.
Sylvia attempted to get up and failed. She groaned. “Ugh… why am I still here? I was hoping it was a nightmare.”
Zell seemed amused. “Yes, come out of a nightmare to awake in another.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” Sylvia rubbed her forehead. 
“You were obviously being chased by people for stealing bread, which does not sound like an ideal way to live. Also, you are not seeing the great side about being here, either.” Zell explained.
“I…” Sylvia stood and immediately lifted her right ankle up with a scream. “Blast!”
“It seems you may have twisted it.” Queen Quara said.
“Great! Now how are we to continue if we have to baby-sit?” Tessa snorted.
“Tessa, down.” Nolen said. “Relax for once. We will deal with plans in the morning.”
“Dear, can you walk on it at all?” Queen Quara asked.
“No!” A whine came out when she tried. Quara insisted on fixing it up. Sylvia unlaced, and  removed her boots. She wrapped Sylvia’s ankle with leather cloth. 
“Weakling.” Tessa muttered under her breath.
“There.” Queen Quara stood. “You still should not walk on it though. Zell can carry you when we continue journeying.”
“No thanks.” She yelled as she put her boots back on.
“I know you two got off to a rough start, but we cannot delay our journey much longer. Forget these feelings.” Quara advised.
“I could just use a stick to lean on.” Sylvia suggested.
“You will still slow us down way too much.” Tessa rolled her eyes with complaint.
“Look, I didn't ask to come here. I don't need any of you!” Sylvia shouted with frustration. She felt a rush of dizziness through her body when she stood. She wondered if she was getting ill. 
“Are you all right?” Zell asked. 
“What do you care? I just appeared in this time period. How am I supposed to be?” She retorted.
“Enough drama. I'm going to sleep.” Tessa moved to her little spot, and laid in the grass.
“Maybe it is a good idea to get some sleep.” Nolen advised as he walked to a nearby tree. He sat down with his sheathed sword between his arms, and closed his eyes. He preferred to stay out of quarrels.
“Sylvia, I know you have been through so much, but you are among friends. We will try to figure out answers for you along our quest.” Quara tried to reassure her with a touch and a smile. “Zell, watch after her until she goes to sleep.”
“That isn't necessary.” Sylvia said. She felt the rush of dizziness again, and felt herself falling. 
“You may need us after all.” Sylvia heard Zell say after he stopped her from falling, and carefully lowered her to where she could sit on the ground. He sat a distance away from her so she would not feel threatened. “How is your health?”
“I'm fine. Don't sound so concerned. You probably just feel guilty for holding a weapon at my throat.”
“Maybe so.” He answered. 
In the silence Zell stared down. Except for the fire that crackled and popped, birds and every now and then a wolf howl. Sylvia sensed something strange about Zell and not just his long jacket with one long sleeve and one short. His shaggy, dark brown hair hung in his face. He had one long earring and he wore a necklace around his neck, but it was covered by his shirt. “Are you not tired, Sylvia?” Zell looked at her.
She yawned, but was not sure she could sleep if she wanted to. “Too many questions are in my head to sleep. Why is everyone here traveling? I did not know queens traveled like this, and slept outside on a blanket.”
“There has been some trouble at some towns that are part of the Enigma Kingdom. A powerful man from Misty-Wood Lake has been causing some problems. His name is Silver.” 
“One man? How can one person cause so much trouble?”
“You would have to understand Enigma to know that. He was banned from the city. He developed a strength, and used them against anyone he felt threatened by.”
“What kind of strength?”
“Nothing of your concern.” His words sounded inconsiderate as if he did not want to answer all her questions, or talk about his rival. “Do all people from wherever you are from have strange clothing such as yours, and steal bread?”
Sylvia felt caught off guard by that question. “At least my jackets have two full sleeves. As for my past, it's nothing of your concern.” “How dreadful…” 
Night became darker and darker to Sylvia. She finally decided to lay down and dream everything away. She hoped that all experiences had just been extremely deep, and long nightmares. “I feel scared, but different from alone and on the streets running and hiding. I do not know this place or these strange people. Am I supposed to trust them? Trust? Ha, my trust for others has grown thin. I have been alone basically my whole life.” 
She eventually fell into sleep. Unfortunately, it was not of peaceful dreams for a young girl who had been through hell. She eventually went to sleep. Morning came too quickly. She felt the sunshine on her face and woke up. Nervously she looked around as her vision adjusted. “It was not a dream. All the pain and confusion is still here.” She whispered to herself. The fire had been put out and she saw none of the strangers she had met. “So this is it? I am on my own again? Maybe they realized who I am and left.”
“Dear girl, we would not abandon you.” Queen Quara knelt beside Sylvia. “We all have our shady pasts. One of the big rules in my kingdom is to watch out for each other and never to abandon someone in a time of need.”
“Maybe that kindness is expected of a queen.”
“Not necessarily. My sister turned evil somewhere in her path of life.”
“I see.” Sylvia sighed. “Are we headed to Misty-Wood Lake?”
“Ah, so you and Zell talked? Are you forming a friendship?” Queen Quara smiled.
Sylvia laughed. “I would hardly say that.”
“We'll eventually get there. We have to go through Hazy Peak Village where we can eat. Then to Sunset Valley, down from the mountain of Hazy Peak leads into Umbra Forest, the edge of the Enigma Kingdom before we come upon Vesper, which starts the area that Silver controls. Outside of the forest is the mysterious lake of Misty Wood.”
“Sounds like a long journey.” Sylvia commented.
“It will be, but well worth it when Silver is stopped!” Zell said as he walked towards them with Tessa and Nolen.
“Get on my back, Sylvia, and hurry before I change my mind!” Tessa offered and knelt down.
Sylvia started to hesitate, but saw the unhappy look on Tessa's face and hurried up to her.
They walked on a straight path for a while. No one said much. Sylvia was still confused at how she ended up here, and how she was going to get home. How much could she really trust these strangers? Did it really matter a whole lot? She had the choice of dying in her time period, or take a chance here with trusting them.
“Here is Hazy Peak Village, Sylvia.” Queen Quara said.
“Finally! Let’s find a tavern so I can get this weight off my back.” Tessa grumbled.
“You are the one who offered, Tessa!” Tessa’s personality was annoying Sylvia.
“The Snowy Owl Tavern,” Nolen said, “’Tis a great place.”
They all walked in the large, wooden building. 
There were a lot of people inside. They were sitting at tables made of sturdy wood. Most were talking, playing cards or drinking from pitchers. Nolen sat at the bar on a stool. Tessa practically dropped Sylvia when she walked in the door and went to join Nolen. Queen Quara shook her head and sighed and followed them. Sylvia grunted and pushed herself up. She used both of her feet. She moaned as she stood and lifted her hurt ankle up a little. Zell walked up beside her. “Sylvia, would you like my help?” He offered an arm for her to lean on.
She looked up at him. “No.” She stubbornly hopped over to a chair and sat down. “I am not even that hungry…” 
Zell sat down beside her. Sylvia’s stomach growled embarrassingly loud. She just hoped it hadn’t been that loud. She turned her head away, but Zell had heard it. “So, you are incredibly stubborn.” He teased her. 
Sylvia just looked down at the table and then finally said. “Why don’t you go join your friends?”
“Oh, would you like a drink?” Zell asked.
“No, no, I don't drink.”
“I am not much of a drinker either. I do enjoy some wine on occasion though.” Zell knew Sylvia was hurting and not only because of her ankle. He knew she was still really confused at how she got to this strange place. “I can go get you some food. Their chicken and rice is good.”
“Okay, if you want to.” Sylvia watched him get up to order the food.
“I got us some water.”
“Thank you.” She began to eat. “Why are you being nice to me? Is it because I am temporarily a cripple?”
“Of course not.”
“Well, I hope it isn't pity.”
“I'm not a bad person you know.” Zell tried to defend the view of him that she had.
“I have a question.” She changed the subject.
“Go ahead.”
“Before I ran off and twisted my ankle you said you knew what was going on. You know how I can get to my own time period again?”
“Well… maybe.”
“Tell me what you know!” Sylvia got excited.
“Calm down, Sylvia. It's not as simple as snapping your fingers.”
“Just tell me.”
“Let’s just say your necklace could have something to do with it.”
“My necklace?” She looked down at the blue stone. “How?”
“A power that my rival knows of.”
“Are you saying that this Silver could get me back...err rather forward?”
“He won't help us, and we aren't going to him for help. We are going there to fight him.”
“I'm going to get his help then.” After the conversation starting out all right, it seemed the attitudes were back to normal so soon. 
“You don't know what you're dealing with!” He shouted louder than intended. Some people turned and stared.
“Blast it all! You don't control my decisions.” She stood and awkwardly limped out of the tavern almost tripping. She heard Zell calling behind. “Go away.” She hopped trying to reach a tree to lean against for a moment. Zell easily caught up to her. “Leave me alone.”
“Sylvia, I didn't mean to upset you.” He apologized. Sylvia stepped wrong and fell, but Zell moved, and caught her around the waist; then gently let her sit. He sat in front of her. There was a long silence. “I didn't mean to holler at you. It's just that Silver is very dangerous. Even if you beg for help he could still kill you just for his twisted fun.”
“There still must be a way.”
“If your desire is to return home then I will do my best to find a way.”
“Home…” Sylvia thought. “I have no home. But I do not belong here. I do not know where I belong.”
“You two, let us head down the mountain into Sunset Valley.” Queen Quara walked up to them.
“I apologize for slowing you down, queen.” Sylvia looked up at Queen Quara.
“There is no need for apologies. It's not your fault.” The queen answered, and then added. “You may call me by my first name. This time Tessa will be more gentle with carrying you.” She did not have to shoot Tessa a glare because the commanding sense in her voice was enough. 
“Ugh.” Tessa sighed. “Down the mountain will not take long, but when we reach the Valley you can find a stick to use as a staff.
As they walked it seemed like a long while passed. Everyone seemed to be in their own world. “I thought you people were close? Why is everyone so quiet?” Sylvia asked.
“Well, not exactly close.” Quara answered.
“I was assigned to this quest as a guard because my skills are high.” Tess added.
“Nolen has worked with the queen before and as for me; I'm still a bit new compared to the rest of the group.” Zell said.
“Oh, I see.” Sylvia said.

			 Chapter IV “A Past That Haunts”  

“This place is very different.” Sylvia commented. The plant life seemed as though as it was taking over the valley. The plants were taller than normal; some up to four feet tall. The grass in most places came up to Sylvia's knees. 
“It seems many have stopped traveling in this area. The grass has grown over the walking trail.” Quara stated. 
“People must have been scared off by Silver's threats.” Nolen added.
Tessa stopped, and let Sylvia down easily this time. “We are in the valley now so find a stick to use as your support.”
Sylvia scanned around. “Ah, there!” She walked awkwardly out of the grass towards a small hill where the sun seemed to burn the hottest over. She picked up a tall, thick stick that laid among other sticks from skinny to thick, but this one was the best to her. Something caught her eye. The sun had reflected off a shiny object that was setting beside sticks. She picked it up. “A rock?” The size of it was perfect because it just fit in her palm. The texture of it was smooth like obsidian, but this was black onyx. There were ripples of color throughout the mysterious rock. Colors of gold, red, purple, blue,  silver, and green. The colors played swirling around the rock as Sylvia turned it ever so slightly in her hands. She kept staring at it with wonder. Putting as much weight as she could on her stick she walked slowly back to the others. “Quara, what is this beautiful rock?” 
Quara took a close look at it, as did the others. “It is a Sunfire rock!” Nolen exclaimed. 
“It is!” Quara exclaimed.
Sylvia was confused by their reaction of surprise. “Is that a good thing?” She questioned.
“Oh, yes.” Quara answered. “I have not seen many of them, but every now and then someone can stumble onto finding one, mostly in this area. While it sets in the sun, it absorbs the fire of the sun.”
“The fire of the sun?” Sylvia looked puzzled. 
“That is what I have heard. I do not really know the purpose of its existence though.” Quara explained.
“I think I am going to hold onto it.” Sylvia continued to stare at it in amazement as they walked.
“Are you not a bit too entertained by a rock?” Zell commented.
She turned her head towards him, eyes squinted, and brows furrowed together. “It is not just a normal rock.” She argued. “Just like where I have appeared is not a normal place. You people, probably have mysterious secrets, as well. Do not think I am going to trust you.” She warned.
“Then why are you tagging along?” Tessa asked, not in the most polite way.
“I am just going with you so I can talk to this Silver. If he can get me where I came from then you will not have to see me ever again.” Sylvia retorted back. She certainly was not going off by herself in this strange place. These people may be strangers automatically labeled as untrustworthy, but Queen Quara cared for her ankle, therefore she did not think they were too bad. 
“When does this place end?” Sylvia sighed.
“Do I hear impatience?” Tessa sneered.
“You are not one to talk.” Sylvia shot back. “It's really hot here.”

Nolen warned that something was wrong. It was too late to get away though. Shadows rose around them and slowly increased in size. The already overgrown plants were rapidly growing. Almost as if they had awakened from a long sleep and were stretching. The sunlight that had just been beating down on them became shade. Thick, dark green vines and leaves trapped them. They moved around quite lively. 
“What is this?!” Quara exclaimed. 
Tessa, stood on one side of the queen, and spun her pair of sci around in her hand as she awaited on what was about to come at them. Nolen stood on another side of Quara, with his sword out. The plants actively wiggled their limbs and stems about reaching out at the group.
Sylvia held nervousness in her voice. “Why are you surrounding Queen Quara so closely? What do we do?” She asked even though she knew the queen needed protection before anyone else. 
“We are in no obligation to protect you! The queen must be protected at all costs.” Tessa snapped.
Zell made a disapproving grumble under his breath, grabbed a dagger from his side, and stood defensively near Sylvia. “Even so I won't allow either of them to be injured!” Zell's presence was very focused, and determined. Sylvia sensed it, and whispered a thank you. 
A head like that of a red venus fly trap opened up. “Weapons will do no good, no!” One plant taunted. Cilia on the plant looked like teeth as the mouth opened and closed. 
Another head opened up and a voice was heard from the largest plant. “This valley is now of the tortured souls!” 
“They speak?” Sylvia's body was shaking from all of this surprise.
A third one appeared. It wiggled as if it could be hyper. “We speak, we speak, we speak... ahahaha!” Came a screechy, high pitched voice from another plant.
“It is more likely to be an illusion by Silver.” Zell replied.
“I am the queen of Enigma passing through. Will you let us through?” Quara tried her peacemaking skills. 
“Oh... a queen. Bow and let her pass.” The sarcastic plant made fun. 
“No!” The largest plant hissed. “Silver rules!” 
“Silver rules, Silver rules, Silver rules... ahahaha!” The screechy plant laughed.
“No!” Zell shouted in refusal to believe such a thing.
“All of you will now suffer!” The largest plant spoke.
“Suffer, suffer, suffer... ahahaha!” The screechy plant cackled uncontrollably. 
“I think not!” Tessa lashed out against the plant with her weapons. She was shocked to see that the leafs, and parts of the plant immediately restored itself. Tessa, though, in her stubbornness continued to try. 
“Weapons will do no good, no!” The sarcastic one warned.
The largest plant, that Tessa had been whacking away at, reached out, and wrapped a thorny stem all around her. It pulled her up, held her in the air, with a tighter, and tighter grasp. She was forced to drop her weapons as she struggled to breath. “You will suffer first!” It rang out an evil laugh. 
“Tessa!” Nolen thought about going to help, but knew it would do no good. He had to stay beside the queen.
“Oh... a queen not sitting on her throne sipping tea in safety!” The sarcastic plant reached out for her. Nolen blocked it with his sword, and slashed its stem. The stem grew back within seconds. “You cannot take the queen!” He tried to protect her the best he could. 
“Weapons will do no good, no!” The sarcastic swiftly grabbed Nolen with a long stem, and slung his weapon to the ground with another stem.
Then the plant moved in to capture the queen. Despite her best moves with her metal staff, she was grabbed up as well.
“No!” Zell shouted angrily. He was not sure what was going to happen to them now. They seemed unbeatable.
“Zell!” Sylvia called out. She clung to him with fear as she felt a plant grab at her.
“Why are you plants attacking us? This is absurd!” Zell fought one handed and kept his other arm around Sylvia to keep her from being dragged away. 
“Silver, Silver, Silver... ahahaha!” The screechy plant answered with amusement.
“Of course... who else would give a voice to you with limited vocabulary!”Zell shouted, and struck at the plant with force. 
The plant wrapped part of itself around the dagger, and flung it in the opposite direction.
“No weapon, no weapon, no weapon... ahahaha!” It laughed insanely in victory. Zell felt himself being lifted up by the plant. Sylvia was still holding onto him. “Amusing, amusing, amusing... ahahaha!” It grabbed Sylvia with another stem, and tugged her from Zell. She grunted from the strength of its death hold. 
“I'm sorry, Sylvia!” Zell struggled, but the hold on him was just as tight.
“Idiot!” She shouted. “You did your best to fight these hideous things!” A few tears ran down her face.
“What do you plan on doing to us now?” Quara asked.
“We will torture you!” The largest plant said.
“Torture, torture, torture... ahahaha!” The screechy plant laughed and bobbed it's head side to side. 
“Only this will be mental and emotional torture!” The largest plant answered. “We will make you see something painful from your past! Hopefully, a past that haunts you!”
“It is much better than killing you off quickly.” The sarcastic plant smiled. They were all then forced to remember their own specific painful memory. 

Tessa felt as though someone reached inside her mind. The darkest parts of her thoughts were being dug out. Someone was unlocking memories that she had been sure were sealed off at the furthest part of her mind. 
The setting around her changed. It was the village she had lived in as a young teenager. In her mind she saw a burning village as real as it had been then. This day she was being forced to relive was absolutely terrible. Thieves ransacked the village. They set it ablaze, stole what money could be found, and tortured others for their twisted pleasure. Houses of wood were on fire. Innocent people laid in the blood and tear stained streets. She was going to be forced to relive this? Tessa's mother had told her to hide.
“Do not come out until it is safe!” Tessa heard her say to her younger self. She did not want to to leave her mother, but there was no time to argue so she had jumped into a tall basket. She had shut the lid from the inside. She was shaking through tears as she heard the screams. Those screams that haunt her at night still. Tessa was feeling everything all over again. That day her mother had died along with many others. 
“No!” She screamed like she had that day. 
The basket her younger self had been hiding in had rolled out the door with other burning furniture. Thieves had searched all the houses and set them afire. In the basket she couldn't stop shaking or crying. 
When her father had found her, she had expected him to be happy to see her well. She wanted to be comforted. She wanted her mother most of all. “Tessa!” He spoke harshly. “Your mother... you left her!”Not much of a response came from her. “You hid while your mother burned!”
“No, no, no...” She kept saying, and reaching to her father.
Angrily, he slapped her, and left her there. He had blamed her for her mother's death. 
“Mother!!” Tessa screamed. She could barely stand reliving this. Again, she was falling apart emotionally. She had been abandoned. “Do not leave me!” 
Her father took her with him to look for a new home in a different village. Nothing was the same though. She knew he hated her. He was so cold to her. She was determined to prove her worth. He would barely say much to her though, hardly looked at her. It hurt her more than either of them knew. She secretly found someone to train her over the years to become stronger. She would prove her worth, and regain her father's love. She became extremely good in wielding her pair of sci. One day she told her father about all her training, but he did not seem to care much. Soon after, she crossed paths with the Queen of Enigma. An event had been held for people to compete to become one of the queen's protectors, Tessa went for it, and had won. Queen Quara, had then, taken her in, and continued with her training. She had hid the hurt of her past, and became emotionless. Since then she channeled all her anger into her sci and all her focus into protecting her queen. 

Nolen's past, as well had to do with his father. He felt someone pulling out his memories, and placing it in the center of his mental view. After his mother had abandoned her family, his father begun drinking, and beating him. He always called him a failure and blamed him. All he had ever wanted to do was please him. He had constantly asked why to his father. Why was he like this. Why could he not love him as a son? It hurt him so much. As a boy he often cried himself to sleep after his daily beating. When he grew older, however, he took it no more. It took so long for him to realize that his father had only blamed him cause he couldn't and wouldn't face reality of what happened. He had needed someone to blame. For now, he was forced to relive those beatings, and his father's careless words. As a young man Nolen had fought many men in a place set up for people to watch, bid and cheer. Finally, he had decided to duel the right way. He found himself in Enigma fighting fair duels. His skills had caught the queen's eye and she offered him to be one of her protectors. 

Quara was being forced to remember how her sister always hounded her. In her mind, she saw her sister; tall, thin, beautiful, long dark hair much like her own except not as curly. She heard her words and scoffing. “You will never be a suitable queen!” She had always tried to ignore all her words, but it had been so hard. Because she had not chosen a suitor, her sister constantly threw hateful words at her. Maybe it had been because Quara was brave enough to rule without a husband. Maybe her sister had been mad that Enigma had accepted her wisdom without a king beside her. Her younger sister had always had a bad attitude towards her since they were teenagers. She had always acted as though she was jealous of her. She had always tried her best to ignore her sister's ways, but she could not. They had been so close at one time. Now it was almost like a fight for who would, or rather should rule which kingdom. Her sister had wanted Enigma, and the day Quara became queen, they became serious enemies. “With no husband, no king to rule, who will listen to you, and follow?” Her sister had crudely said. Even though she had put up with her sister's verbal abuse, it had stung her very deeply. “I will be a fit queen!” She cried out the doubts that her sister had passed to her with her words that had built up for years. “The people will respect me; king or no!” 

Zell's past also had to do with family. He had been disowned. He could have been rich like his other family members... rich counting his money, and women like his other brothers. He could have lived an empty meaningless life along with them all, but he had no desire to. They all thought he was crazy. His mother wondered if she had actually given birth to this strange young man. He refused to go into their family business of engineering. He refused to waste his days barking orders, spending days in a mansion counting money alone. Well there were the women who would call for him, flirt, and secretly just want his money. It all felt empty and lonely to him. He felt sorry for his brothers, that they would believe that they could somehow buy love. It was painful to watch all of them live pathetic lives. He wanted to be different, not addicted to the love of money. He was forced out of the house... out of the family. It hurt so much to remember everything. He thought. He studied. He wondered what he should do. Later, in his job of studying rocks, gems, and of the like, he stumbled upon an eye catching green gem. He studied it, placed it on a chain, and wore it around his neck. One day he had somehow wished himself away from his world of feeling lost. He had come to Enigma to begin anew. As he lived there, dormant abilities had begun to awake inside. He was later called upon, and chosen by the queen to use his abilities by her side. 

Sylvia struggled with her memories. They had happened not that long ago. The real pain however had started with her aunt. The blame, the beating, and being thrown out like a dog. It hurt so much. She cried as she saw the memories run through her mind like a film strip. A never ending clip of pain. She saw herself being beaten by her aunt again, the pain, the blood, the tears... no matter how she shuddered at it all or closed her eyes... it was still there. She felt everything again. Reliving it was the worst! It was causing her an emotional breakdown inside. In her mind, her aunt was there, slashing her with the whip, blaming her. The words tore at her all the more; “It was your fault your father ran off! My sister's body became ill after she gave birth to you!” Sylvia felt the tears all over again. “My fault... if I had not have been born...” The pain continued with going to the orphanage for two years. She remembered that blasted Mrs. Roberts who had a teacher beat her because she was caught having fun. Fun had not been permitted. Then for four years, after she had escaped that blasted prison of a place, she ran and hid from the town guards who had searched for her. She felt herself lose control of her breathing. “No... mother could not have died because of me... why?”It was a pain that she feared would never go away. In all her swirling emotions, and being forcefully caught in her past memories she felt a warmth. Something was burning in her hand. The sunfire rock! Sylvia was released from her memories, and opened her teary eyes. Is this why it is called a Sunfire rock? Bright, warm light glowed around the stone.
“Hot, hot, hot.... ah, ah, ah, ah!” The screechy plant wiggled and bobbed. It no longer laughed as the mystical Sunfire rock singed its green leaves, and thorny stemmed grasp. It, then released its painful hold on Zell and Sylvia. It burned to the ground screeching. 
Sylvia laid on the ground where she had fallen. Her mind was spinning. Her emotions had been tampered with too much. She could not make all the thoughts, images, and pain go to the back of her head at the moment. She felt a shadow over her.
“Sylvia, are you okay?” Zell asked with a concerned voice. He was still a bit shaken as well, but not as much as Sylvia. 
She fluttered her eyes open, and tried to come back to the present. She sat up, and held her hands to her head. She had not wanted anyone to see her crying, or evidence that she had cried so she looked away.
Zell understood she was not quite okay so he let it be for now. “The rock!” He realized what had freed them. “Sylvia, let me have the rock to free the others so we can get out of here!” She handed it to him with her face hidden. He hastily went to others and used the Sunfire rock to burn the plants into nothing. The sarcastic plant thought it was just another weapon and called out. “Weapons will do no good, Ahhhh!” It ended its last sentence with a scream as the Sunfire rock caused it to catch on fire. Nolen fell to the ground trying to get his thoughts straight. Zell had not given the sarcastic plant time to say anything. Quara was released, and still stunned. Zell, then confronted the largest plant.
“A Sunfire rock?” It gasped. “Silver did not mention this!”
Zell said nothing as he touched the plant with the mystical rock. It glowed bright like the sun, and released heat from its core to the plant that was now burning into nothing. Tessa fell, but Zell steadied her. Her eyes were still pouring out tears. She felt embarrassed, and tried desperately to hide it. She pushed Zell away, and slid to the ground. Quara and Nolen finally stood, and were surprised to see the “emotionless” Tessa crying. 
“Tessa-” Quara tried to comfort her.
“No!” Tessa slapped her hand away. “No!” She screamed again with tears covering her face. 
Quara knew how Tessa was so she threw her arms around her because she knew she would never reach out to anyone for anything. Tessa did submit to the hug, and returned it. Quara had heard Tessa's screams over her own struggles, but could not come out of it to help. “I did not know you had had such a rough life before I met you. We must get out of here. Are you going to be all right?” With her hand, Quara brushed Tessa's brown pony tail, like she would a child. 
Tessa  pulled away, her face now dry, her eyes again cold and distant, and her painful past hidden again. “We must continue this quest.” She stood with her back turned away and arms crossed. Forever stubborn. 

	   Chapter V: Voices of the Forest											
A man stumbled towards the group. “Beware! Beware of Silver’s power!” The middle-aged man collapsed to the ground.
Nolen helped him up. “Sir, what has happened?”
“The forest, and Vesper used to be so peaceful, but now it is like spirits of many deceased townsfolk are haunting the forest. You can hear the dreadful cries, as well as sorrowful songs throughout the nearby Forest of Umbra.”
“This is not good at all…” Queen Quara whispered. “We have to stop him!”
“Do what you wish, but I warned you!” The man ran away.
“Yes, we need to hurry…” Nolen agreed.
Sylvia was still sitting down, and had calmed down a bit more. She did not feel like hobbling around with a stick. She stared down. “I do not belong here… I am just slowing these people down. Their task is extremely important…”
“Sylvia…did you hear me?” Zell tried to get her attention again.
She pulled away from of her thoughts. “Oh, sorry… no, what did you say?”
“Would you like my help?” 
“No.” She shook her head still with a distant gaze. 
“Sylvia, are you alright?”Zell noticed a change in her mood.
“I'm going to stay here, and separate from the group.”Sylvia replied.
“That's ridiculous.” Zell refused the idea.
“Oh come on,” she argued. “You know that I'm just slowing all of you down. I don't belong here anyway…”
Sylvia…” Zell was not too sure of what to say. “You're just not used to this time period. You have not even laid your eyes on the amazing Enigma Kingdom! You will love it there.” He persuaded.
Zell’s attempt at trying to make her smile failed. She responded. “I bet it is beautiful, but it is not my home, it is yours. I don't belong anywhere…” She turned, staggered a few feet back, and sat down against the trunk of a tree.
“What is she whining about? I cannot wait to see how she handles the frightening Umbra Forest.” Tessa asked Zell.
“Quit being harsh.” He looked at Queen Quara. “Please, allow me to handle this. We will catch up to you.”
“Oh, is Zell getting sweet on a girl?” Tessa made a teasing gesture.
	He ignored her and walked over to Sylvia. “Is it okay for me to sit with you?” Sylvia wiped a few tears from her eyes quickly and said nothing, but continued to stare out. Zell spoke again, “I'm not the best at words. It bothers me to see you like this.”
She gave him a funny look. “You don't even like me. Don't waste your time pretending.”
“That is not true,” He saw her give him another look. “Okay, okay… just because we did not get along to begin with does not mean it will never happen. 
“Go join your friends. I think they started to leave without you.”
“Then you better get on my back now so we do not have to walk in this strange forest all the way by ourselves.”
“I'm going. I want to say my goodbyes right here and now.”
“After what just happened, I'm leaving you alone; and how are you ever going to get home?”
“That is true... I guess you will have to let me talk to Silver when we find him.”
“I would rather you not, but it is not like I could stop your stubborness.” He bent down in front of her. “Just get on my back. I will do everything I can to get you back to your home.”
She climbed on his back and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Home…” She thought. She jerked a little when her ankle was moved. “Ow, be careful with my ankle.” She said as he stood up and made sure he had a good grip on her. 
“My apologies, I will try to be more gentle.”
They headed into the forest. It was slightly dark in the forest. It was dim in this forest. The trees stretched tall to the sky.  The breeze felt nice as it ruffled Sylvia's red hair. She felt more relaxed than she thought she should have, especially being carried by Zell. As she glanced around the forest she remembered how Tessa had teased her earlier and said that this place is frightening. The sight of three furry gray squirrels that skittered around and played did not make her feel scared. 
Sylvia asked, “How long will it take to get through this forest? It seems like a long time already. I cannot even tell if it is still actually sunny the further we go.”
“Well, it could take a while. I'm not sure where the rest of the group is. I would think by now we would have caught up to them.”
“Do you need a rest, Zell? You have been carrying me for a while. I'm probably heavy.”
“No, you are not heavy. We need to keep going. Is your ankle still hurting?”
“The swelling should have gone down a little more. It's ok.”
“Hmm, I wonder where the others are…” Zell scanned around, 
“Are you worried?”
“A little. I mean this forest is strange at times, especially thanks to Silver and his powers.”
“Exactly what kind of powers?” 
He continued to stare ahead at the trees. “Well, there is not really a good way to explain it because you would have to see it for yourself.”
“Oh really?” “Why is it such a big secret?” Sylvia wanted to make him tell her someway, but she did not feel in a mood to argue so she let it go... for now. She changed the subject as they made slow progress further into the forest. “This forest doesn't seem so scary. What do you think about that man's words?”
“Just be glad nothing strange has happened so far.”
“Too late.” She whispered under her breath as she came to a halt. It was as if now the forest seemed less lively. The trees took on a gray and dead look. Hardly a minute ago the trees were alive and some with luscious looking fruit. The furry creatures of the forest were no where in sight. Birds above scattered away with noises of warning. Cobwebs, became more apparent, with some deadly looking spiders that crept around. “Zell, it seems I spoke too soon.”
“We need to hurry out of here.” A powerful wind picked up as he said that; and eerie voices were heard. They echoed from each other back and forth. 

Timber timber
Trees in the forest
Whisper whisper
Songs of the tortured

Hear us hear us
Seeking revenge
Runaway Runaway 
Before your life ends

“Zell… what was that?” Sylvia jumped. Cold chills crawled all over her body.
“I don't think we want to know.” 
The wind picked up stronger and the whistling sound became louder. It blew around them for long seconds. It tugged at their clothes, then oddly the wind stopped then switched directions more than once. Zell finally fell off balance onto one knee. He had fought to keep himself steady, afraid that Sylvia would get hurt. “Zell!” Sylvia hollered out with concern. She stumbled off him, knelt down with her arm around his back. 
“That wind is not normal.” He spoke. 
“Says the man from a magical kingdom.. What is normal?” She asked rhetorically.
He regained his focus to Sylvia. “Let's get out of here.” He scooped her up in his arms, and began walked cautiously against the wind. All fell quiet, but it did not last long.

Timber… timber…

They heard the creepy voices again. This time they also heard a crashing of trees around them. Zell picked up the pace and hurried through the forest. 

Runaway… Runaway…
Before your life ends…

“You have no idea what the blazes is going on?” Sylvia asked.
“No! Maybe that old guy was right about the people killed by Silver. Then it would seem that their spirits really are haunting this place.”
It seemed like the forest was falling apart from all the collapsing of trees. The silence was broken by the snapping and breaking of trees. It was a bit nerve racking not knowing which direction a tree might fall. The ground vibrated with force from the crash of the trees.

Beaten by rocks
Watch them fall
Silver magic mocks
Feel the burdens of us all

“Are they taking this out on us instead of Silver?”
“I have no idea.” He dodged a couple of large, sharp edged rocks. “Ahh… this is ridiculous!”
“Please, don't get hurt.” 
“Ha ha , are you worried about me, yourself, or the fact that if something happens to me, you will be helpless?
Sylvia had to think about it for a second. She was sincerely worried for Zell risking his safety to protect her. It bothered her that she couldn't do much in this land to protect herself. She knew without him and his friends that would be as helpless as she was when she got thrown into that blasted orphanage. “Just find a way out of here.” She didn't want Zell's ego to inflate so she didn't admit that she needed him. 
“Don't worry. I will.”
“I hope so.” She thought to herself. She could practically feel the determination rolling off of him.
A dead looking tree tumbled in front of them as Zell was hurriedly making his way in that direction. Luckily, the tree was not terribly large. Zell stumbled over it as he tried to slow his pace, with Sylvia still in his arms. 
Sylvia reacted to her fear and had buried her face against his chest and wrapped her arms around his neck. She smelled sandalwood and leather.  For a second, Zell felt like he was holding a small, scared girl in his arms.
“I promise I will protect you.” He reassured her. 
In her view, he seemed valiant. Since her mother had passed on, few people had tried to protect her. She had a new respect for Zell for doing this for her when he really did not have to. She felt like she could trust him, though she did not want to so easily. In her eyes now he was not so bad. She no longer saw him as the crazy man who held a dagger at her throat upon their first meeting. She had seen his caring side for her and the others. He was strong, and she was seeing that now. As much as she hated it, and did not want to admit it, she was relying on him to protect her. She had to though because she did not know this area; nor did she even know much of this time period. Apparently, he also knew all too well of the mysterious power of Silver that everyone was so afraid of. Zell almost collapsed when they reached the end of the haunted forest. He released Sylvia carefully.
“Oh, blazes that was close.” She fell back on the ground and threw an arm over her face as if she tried to grasp all that had just happened to them. 
Zell was catching his breath. “Are you alright?” He asked.
“I am.” Sylvia sat up and noticed his forehead was bleeding. “Are you? You should see your head.”
“If it looks worse than how it feels then it is terrible. It could have been from a rock or tree limb.”
“Here…” Sylvia dug through her bag. “I have some medicine that will help.” She found it and crawled over to him on her hands and knees. She poured a little water from her container on the cloth.
“No, really I’m okay.” Zell protested.
“Are you afraid it will sting?” She teased. 
Zell rolled his eyes at that and let her clean the cut on his head.
She pushed back his bangs, then pressed the damp cloth to his forehead and washed the blood from the wound. She rubbed some light green medicine on her fingers and placed it against his head. She felt slightly awkward being this close to him. She noticed how pretty his green eyes were. Other thoughts entered her mind, like how the kindness reflected off his face from his deep eyes. He was stronger than she had realized. She found he was hard to read though those hypnotizing green eyes. She found herself wondering about the past of this man who sat in front of her staring back.
Zell caught himself in thought of how caring her touch was. He found himself staring into her eyes for a short moment, and then his gaze drifted to her thin, soft looking lips. They both blushed at their thoughts. “There, that should help.”
“So we have a healer on our hands, do we?” He smiled.
“Hardly. I didn't do much at all.” She said modestly.
“Thank you. It wasn't necessary.” 
“Yes, I did. I owe you that, at least. You didn't have to protect me.”
“That is true.” He paused to see her reaction. “I'm kidding, of course I did.” He said before she could find anything to hit him with. Her look had suggested that she might. “What kind of person would I be if I had not?”
“You would be like everyone else from my time period.” She simply said. 
“What exactly happened to you there?” Zell asked with wonder. He remembered just a bit from back there at Sunset Valley, but he had not wanted to bring it up then.
“I don't want to explain it now. Maybe when I know some of your secrets.” 
“Hmm, an exchange of secrets? It's a deal.” He agreed.
Sylvia looked around. “So where are we now.” 
“We are in Vesper. Things may be a bit darker here because we are treading lightly to Silver's area. It seems he may have taken over this town.”
“I see. Zell, what if the others stumbled upon trouble?”
“I am sure they will be okay.”
“How can you say that? How can you be so sure?”
“All three of them are tough that is why I can be sure. Despite all our differences, we all work well as a team and have each others back. ”

Chapter VI: Ghostly Town

It had turned night as if a shadow had engulfed the town. The town may have had happy townspeople before, but now it looked so empty, so lonely. The houses were eerie dark, and looked most uninviting. No lanterns or torches were lit up, and placed outside the houses for people to find their way around. No sound was heard in this creepy little place. Where were all the people? Sylvia felt shivers through her body. She wondered what awaited them this time.
“It is too quiet here, Zell.” Sylvia whispered as if afraid to disturb the haunting silence. Sylvia's body froze stiff when everything had turned into sudden darkness. Her feet refused to move, and her heart skipped a beat. She could barely see her hand in front of her face.  
“I agree. This is very strange.” He noticed she had stopped walking. “Sylvia?” He asked. He seemed hardly phased by the darkness and Sylvia could not see how that was possible.
“Oh... It is just that I... I..” She hesitated in a quiet, embarrassed voice.
“The darkness scares you?” Zell tried to ask politely. 
“It’s childish. But if you knew why-”
Zell interrupted. “You don’t have to explain anything. Take my hand.” He offered. Sylvia felt uncertain. “Come on so we do not get separated.” He slid his hand around hers, and pulled her a bit closer as they began walking again.
Sylvia strangely felt at ease by Zell. She felt the warmth, and strength of his gentle hand. Her thoughts wandered to how nicely their hands fit together. She had little experience when it came to men. She had either been too young and not interested. Plus the situation she had been thrown into had not permitted her much time to meet anyone. Zell was only holding her hand so they will not get separated, and to comfort her. That was all. Right? Sylvia wondered what Zell was thinking, and had to second guess herself. She finally let it go, and pushed it off as a silly idea.
"Zell, we can barely see anything. What if we are walking into another set trap?"
"Then even if we stopped we would still be in possible danger." He added. "I will protect you, like I promised."
She was glad he was with her. She feared she would have a panic attack if she had gotten stuck here alone. Something was wrong. They heard movement and knew they were being watched. 
Zell and Sylvia were surrounded. The townspeople were all around them. Zell and Sylvia had not been aware of them, until their torches, as well as their eyes lit up, and they knew they were surrounded. They stood oddly still.
"Their eyes look so strange! Are they going to attack us?" Sylvia exclaimed. Her grip on Zell's hand tightened.
"They are being controlled." Zell decided, "let's make a run for it!"
"How do you plan to do that?" 
He whisked out his dagger. "I will make a way! Stay close!"
 Zell cut through, and dragged Sylvia right along with him, never letting go of her hand. He headed for a small area of trees in hopes to lose most of the controlled townspeople. As they were under some trees, a fierce strike of purple lightning lit up the darkened sky brilliantly. A tree had fallen and the crash of it had been too close. Zell and Sylvia were separated by the large tree. Sylvia's leg, the same one that had been sprained before, was trapped under the tree. Some of the controlled people were making their way towards her. They helped her get her leg released, but only to be held in their grasps, and forced to walk with them. Zell was trying to make his way around the trees, and people. 
Sylvia did not know where they were taking her. She continued to struggle to break free, but it was not doing much good. 
She stood at the edge and trembled. Just below was a sink hole full of sand and mud. She could see it out of the corner of her eye, as the people's torches and candles provided light. Memories of her own time period flooded through her mind. Her body was stiff. She was unable to move, and barely scream. Pictures of the town guards from her time period flashed through her mind. She saw them chasing her, yelling their threats. For a moment, the strange people in front of her looked like the town guards. She remembered when she was surrounded on the roof of a building that one time. She wondered what was going to happen now. How would she make it out this time? “I was wrong to rely on Zell so much. I am a bother to everyone!” At that moment she felt herself being lifted up off her feet, and being thrown into the sink hole. She felt herself falling, sinking lower, and lower into the mix of sand and mud. It was up at her waist now, and she was still slowly sinking. All kinds of thoughts came to her mind. Maybe it was better for everyone if she just died here. Would she see a bright light? Would she go there, to the Heavenly place that she had heard so many stories of? She doubted that she would be allowed in such a wonderful place because of all she had done since she had escaped the orphanage. Since her mother had died she had had a good bit of taste of hell. She had enough of pain. She longed so desperately for the pain and sadness to stop. Would it stop here if the sink hole continued to pull her under into its pit of death? She had never thought she would die like this. Maybe shot by a town guard if not pierced by a sword. She had even thought that she would have died by starvation, if the bitter cold had not taken her down into an icy grave first. She had never had the will to resort in taking her own life no matter how gloomy everything had looked, or how far away hope was in her view. She had always fought to survive. Why did she suddenly feel like giving up everything now? All the fighting, sweat, blood, and tears would all seem like nothing now if she just gave up after trying so hard to stay alive. When she had been told her mother had passed on, she had truly wished for the icy ground to open up and swallow her. Instead she had been forced into an orphanage of a hard-hearted caretaker.
Zell rushed to find where Sylvia had been taken. He had already dealt with the people. He knocked most of them out, but after a while the rest of them had simply fallen over. He assumed that Silver's power over them had its limit. He had reached the edge of ground, and looked just below. His heart jumped with concern when his eyes spotted Sylvia. His first impulse was to jump right in and pull her out. Then he saw that she was slowly being pulled in further and further. 
Above her, she faintly heard a voice that somewhat pulled her from her thoughts. She had not realized her eyes had been closed until she opened them. “Zell?”
“Sylvia!” He called. “I will get you out!”
Sylvia tried to move her arms, and felt the weight of all the mud around her. It was getting closer to her shoulders now. She could barely move. Her body was tired. She shook her head, and looked at Zell. “Don’t bother. It may be better this way!”
“What craziness are you going on about now?”
“How do expect to get me out of this?”
“I will find a way. I promise! I promised you I would protect. I am definitely not going to let you be taken down by a sink hole!” 
“Do not make promises to me. They get broken. You cannot protect me. You cannot save me.”
“Don’t you dare give up! Have some faith in me.” He said through determined gritted teeth.
Sylvia only felt the ground pulling her down further and further. Darkness fell over her eyes.


Meanwhile, Quara and the others had made it to Misty Wood Lake, but danger had already found them a few times before. Nolen led the way and protected Queen Quara from the front. Tessa stayed behind the queen. “Is it getting colder?” Tess asked the others.
“I do not feel a change in temperature.” Nolen said.
“Wait,” Queen Quara stopped walking, “I think Tess is right. These chilly breezes are strange. “
“This is strange for the season.” Nolen agreed.
An eerie laugh was heard, but the person was not seen. “I know you have journeyed a while just to find me. Here is my warm… or rather icy cold welcome!”
“Silver!” Queen Quara yelled. The temperature changed drastically.
“Wow, it is so cold, yet the scenery still seemed like summer. What is this?” Tessa shivered.
“It must be one of his illusions.” Nolen said. 
The mist of the lake rose and floated around them. “What is wrong with a bit of mind manipulation? Did you enjoy my plants?”
“We will defeat you!” Tessa hissed with attitude.
“Now I will stun you with fear!” Silver shouted unaffected by their threats.
Tess was suddenly overwhelmed with her fears that she always hid inside. “No. Stay away!” In her mind she saw warriors that carried swords, spears, arrows and other different weapons. She was in Lakewood, her home village that was in ruins. “Why!” She cried with her hands held tightly against her head over her ears. 
Nolen and Queen Quara starred at her. Nolen asked, “Queen, what is wrong with her?”
“I am not sure… unless…” Queen Quara wondered.
A voice in their heads was heard. “Yes… correct… I am in her mind as well as yours. I pulled up a real fear from her memories. I wanted to see your group squirm with your hidden fears!” Silver laughed.
One of Nolen’s fears was failing to protect the queen. In his mind Silver was making the queen suffer slowly. Nolen was restrained with strong rope, and could do nothing. The queen’s fear was watching her kingdom suffer. From her tall palace balcony she saw buildings on fire from far away. She heard screams of her people that she so desperately wanted to save. Tess was shook. The wall she built so no one could see her pain, and her image of being so strong and carefree fell apart just like it had done with the encounter of the plants. She screamed until her lungs ached. Her fear was being abandoned.

Part VII: “Mind Games”

“Mother!” Sylvia was screaming. “It was my fault you died! Why? Why did I have to live?” 
“Sylvia...” Zell softly tried to wake her. He touched her face where tears had fallen in her sleep.
She jerked awake, and jolted up in shock. She was alive? She looked around, and saw thick layers of mist all around Zell and herself. “You saved me?”
“I made a promise, and kept my word." He leaned close and whispered, "learn to trust me.”
Her cheeks reddened. “Thank you.” She looked away, and wiped at her wet eyes. She noticed her skin was clean. Her clothes had dried mud on them. She looked back up at Zell in a questionable way. “Did you clean the mud from my skin?” 
“I had a cloth in my pocket, and used water from the lake in front of us.” Sylvia stared at him in wonder. “What? Do not look at me with such eyes.” He defended himself. “I promise I did not touch you in an inappropriate manner.”
“I believe you. Thank you.” Her voice was quiet. She felt her face fush with  a red heat when she imagined Zell's touch. She must have been a disaster to look at. Yet he had cleaned her mud splattered face and mud soaked arms. Good thing she had been unconscious. Her heart had gone mad at the touch of his hand in hers in that creepy town. He had only done so as reassurance she had told herself. Again, She was embarrassed to play such scenes in her mind. 
"Do you want to exchange secrets now?" Zell caught her off guard. She had a look of guilt, like a child who had gotten caught stealing a sweet treat.
“Why now? I have little to hide." She shook her head and tried to focus.
“When we were all in a tangle with those plants, I overheard some things you were shouting. In your sleep, I heard you cry.”
Her mouth dropped. "I don't cry in my sleep. You must have imagined it” She tried to laugh it off. Her first reaction was denial.
Then she nearly choked when Zell put his hands over hers. "I just thought you might want to talk." He stared right at her with those green eyes. Those hypnotizing green eyes that made her stomach drop and her heart beat quickly.
 Sylvia tensed up. She was almost angry that someone knew her secrets; her past that she wished had happened. She broke the hypnotizing gaze snd looked down. Staring at his larger hands over hers didn't help and she picked the mist covered grass to stare at. "Why have been so nice to me?”
He looked perplexed at first. "I felt drawn to help you."
"I don't know how to take it at times. People from where I'm from don't help people like me." Then she thought of the nice old woman, Latasha. After all the time she was on the streets, she could only count a handful of people that had helped. "Most people don't anyway." She added in a mumble. 
He sighed as if he had to tackle a task that he was not looking forward to. "Look, Sylvia, there is something I need to tell you."
She risked looking back at him through damp red waves of hair that stuck to her face. 
He took a deep breath, and only hope she would not hate him. “I am not originally from here.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
“Like you, I am from a different time period.” He revealed his own pendant with his hand. It was not blue like Sylvia's. It was green in a crystal shape that hung from a leather cord.
Sylvia thought her mouth would fall to the ground. She tried to form words, but a complete word did not come out. “Is that why you think my necklace has something to do with my sudden appearance here?”
“Yes. Unfortunately, I do not have all the details that I would love to have. You see I was a geologist. I was interested in studying rocks and gems, which is how I found this crystal.”
“And you ended up in Enigma? How long have you been here?”
“A few years.”
“Did you want to return to your home?” Sylvia had many questions now as her curiosity peaked. Part of her wanted to be angry that he had not told her.
“I thought about it, but no one knew of a way to send me back.”
She wanted to ask why he kept it from her. They had been through quite an adventure without much time to have a friendly chat. “Did it make you sad?” She asked instead.
“At first maybe, but I came to find my place here. I did not have much to return to anyway. I was disowned by my family when I decided not to go into their family business, be rich, and live an empty life like the rest of them.”
Perhaps he understood her more than she had thought. He too, was without family. "Will you tell me what happened to you in your time period now?"
She had not wanted to open up. Suddenly she felt everything she had bottled up; a pressure, a burden that threatened to be released. Sylvia felt the burning of tears in her eyes. "She died because of me!" She started crying all over again. "My aunt told me that after my mother gave birth to me that her body changed, and later on developed an unknown illness from bearing me. If I had not have been born she would have been fine, and could have lived the rest of her life." All the pain, sadness, and loneliness poured out in a flood of tears and jumbled words. 
"Sylvia," Zell spoke in a hushed tone. "You cannot blame yourself for all that. You shouldn't live with such regret." He wanted to comfort her.
"What does it matter? I'm just an orphan, a thief on the run since I escaped from an orphanage...blasted hellish place." She could barely form full sentences. She was a complete mess. A blubbering fool. Of all the times for her to have an emotional breakdown. Why now/ And in front of this green-eyed dream, the only guy she had felt any connection with. One, whom she may have a chance with. Rather may "have had" a chance with, but after all her crying she doubted any chance was possible.
"Do you really believe that you're a bother to everyone? You fail to see your worth because of the past and the situations you were forced into." Zell felt urged to convince her otherwise. Finally, she had opened up and now he knew the weight of the burden that she carried alone. All that sorrow was too much to bear alone."
"What worth?" Her voice had come out louder than she had meant. She was caught in the frustration, like not being able to find a way out of a maze. The anger that was erupting from within like red-orange lava flowing from a volcano. The sorrow suffocated like plunging under water and not being able to swim up for breath. "You should have left me in that sink hole."
Zell held a pained expression on his face, as if he could feel what she was feeling. "Sylvia." All he said was her name. At a loss of what else to do, he embraced her. He let her vent and cry. It had caught Sylvia off guard, but she accepted the embrace. Tension began to leave her and she returned the embrace. Through the leather materiel of his shirt, she felt his strong back. She took in the pleasant scent like pine needles. She got control of her breath though her heart was a different matter. She felt safe around him. 
"You have carried tough burdens on yourself." Zell spoke and the warmth of his breath tickled the back of Sylvia's neck. She felt a warm tingle through her whole body. Zell continued, "You are stronger than you think. Believe in yourself. I'm here to help you." He offered.
Her reply was a whisper. "I'm not good at relying on people."
He pulled away and looked at her. "Then just rely on me." A smile stretched across his face."
She was constantly confused at thoughts that entered her mind like how she liked his smile.
Also, it confused her at how she would have liked to stay in his arms a bit longer. All she could do was smile back with a nod. She didn't trust her voice not squeak. She remembered in school when girls would talk after studies about cute boys in their high squeaky voices. She had not been interested in boys at that time. She had been too young to care and boys they were. They had annoyed her. Then she was thrown into situations where she thought she would never have a chance to connect with any young man.                                                                                                                                                 


The mist was so thick around them as they walked further to find their friends. The mist was oddly thick and grayish white, Then again, with all that Sylvia had seen so far in this land, what was she to compare odd or normal to. Either way she did not like it. The mist began to roll away as they passed the lake. A new view came into focus in front of them. Their vision was no longer blurred. Queen Quara, Nolen, and Tess were on the ground in some sort of struggle. They were shouting and taking swings at nothing that was visible.
“Finally decided to join the party?” A tall figure strolled out to reveal himself. A long, silver cape with black patterns followed him. He wore black boots with black trousers tucked into the tops. A black leather tunic armor with silver patterns completed his outfit, along with black and silver gloves. His hair was to his shoulders and pure white with a silver tint.
“Silver.” Zell said his name with such disgust as he clenched his fists. “What did you do to them?”
“Like I said, just a party. Would you care to join?”Silver waved his hands around as if welcoming them to an event. He seemed to enjoy himself. “Don't be a party pooper, friend.”
“Stop playing, Silver.” Zell said through gritted teeth.
“How boring.” Silver acted blind to Zell's frustration. “It's just some mind games. Don't you like my games?” He smiled. “They may come to soon or be trapped by their fears. Tell me, Zell, what o you and your friends fear?” He pointed a gloved finger Sylvia.
“Silver” Sylvia took a few steps forward slowly and held up her necklace. It caught the sunlight and gleamed. “I came to ask you for help. I need to know about this jewel.”
Silver laughed. “Help? Me, help you?” Then he raised an eyebrow when the jewel glittered and caught his eye. “Where did you get that?”
“You answer my question first.” Slyvia demanded. 
    Silver laughed again. “Bold girl, but I don't take orders from you. Neither am I obligated to help.”
“I didn't think it would hurt to ask.” Sylvia replied.
Silver made an unfamiliar gesture with his hands and Zell was thrown back. His back hit against a tree with force.
Sylvia called out to Zell. Before she knew what happened, her body flew across the ground. It took a few moments to shake it off. She felt a burning sensation in her ankle.
“Are you hurt?” Zell stood over her.
Sylvia rubbed her neck and sat up. “Ah, apparently it did hurt to ask, literally.” She touched her boot and the slight movement of her ankle made her grimace. “Don't worry about me.” An image flashed in front of her when Zell had been thrown against the tree trunk so hard. Despite any discomfort he must have had, he was by her side again to help her. It was still odd to her to have someone around who was willing to risk so much... for someone to see her worth. It was nearly enough to bring tears to her eyes, but she had cried already and now was not the time. Despite everything, Zell looked unphased so she would try to be brave, too.
“Sit here. Let me deal with Silver.” Zell wanted to get this over with. 
Sylvia grabbed his hand and he turned back. “Be careful.” That was all she could say. She was not too good at expressing emotions that she had spent so much of her life hiding within herself. The reality had hit her though. She had been mystically transported to an unfamiliar land and time. This was no dream, no dream land, and so far unlike the fairy tales her mother had told her about. She had been hurt already and Zell had been hurt, minor. Still, she could not help but be concerned for him. She had grown to care for him oddly enough. The focus was survival right now so she hardly had time to sort out these feelings. They were on an important quest she did not have any idea what would happen afterward. She was doing enough just to take it all in day by day.
Zell squeezed her hand and smirked. “Always.” He walked towards Silver.
“ 'Deal with me'; are you?” Silver spoke in a superior manner. He was full of himself and more than willing to accept the challenge. He also knew how to push Zell's buttons. “Let's party, shall we?” He did not waste any time. Somehow he manipulated the weather. A chilliness grew in the crisp air. “I will make the girl talk.” He referred to the subject of the mystical jewel.
“Your fight is not with her!” Zell wanted the attention o him rather than Sylvia.
“Oh, but she might want to play, too.” Silver taunted with a dangerous smile. 
Zell braced himself and observed his opponent carefully. He saw icicles form into sharp points at the tips of his fingers. Adrenaline pumped. He followed the direction of Silver's glare and knew what his plan was. He made haste back to Sylvia. “Look out!” His voice was all desperation. He stretched out his arms and spread his hands. His hands glowed bright white briefly. He was right in front of the icy spikes as they came closer right for his chest. He controlled the energy, diverted the icicles away and they fell to the ground. 
Sylvia was wide eyed. “How... wh-” She was at a loss for words. “I knew there was something strange about him. He has magical powers, too? The surprises keep coming.” She thought to herself.
Zell turned to scan for any injuries, but he had stopped all the icy spikes. No stray ones had gotten to her. “Are you hurt?” Sylvia only looked yo at him and shook her head.
“Good.” Stay back and try to take cover.” He left Sylvia in wonder of what he had done. She did as he had asked though and limped to find a safer spot to hide. He was usually good at hunting spots to hide, but all that she saw seemed to be trees, brush, sunken places in the ground that were not deep enough to hide in. She was not crazy about sunken holes after her experience. She decided to suck it up and climb in a large tree. It had wide enough branches that made it easier to climb even with her bad ankle. The tree leaves and branches hung down. They hid her like a thick leafy curtain. 
“Ah, my old friend.” Silver said as if he was a friend who wanted to embrace him and reminisce of old times. The only embrace he would give would be with a knife in the back. 
“Drop the act! I want to defeat you.” Zell's face was intense and focused. Even in this cold temperature, sweat beads formed a line on his forehead and slid down his face.
“You think you can? You always had a sense of humor. “
Zell threw his hand to the right. A tree branch cracked and tore off. With his mind and a gesture of his hand, he directed it at Silver. He diverted it easily, with his own powers.
“You don't look stronger.” Silver continued to push him. “That red head must be some distraction.” 
Zell practically growled with anger and went at Silver.

 Queen Quara managed to pull herself out of the mind illusion. “Nolen and Tessa are still trapped!” She walked over to Nolen and listened as he muttered out loud. “His fear is failing to protect me?” She shook his arm. “Nolen! Nolen, I am right here!” She kept trying to shake him out of the mind control. “You have done an incredible job of protecting me!”
“I failed…” He repeated with distant eyes.
“No, wake up!” The more she truly wanted her friend to shake off the illusion, the more it seemed that she actually entered into Nolen’s illusion. She saw the other her that Nolen had failed to protect. She saw that Nolen was bound by rope, she knelt beside him, and untied him. He looked a bit confused especially since the illusion seemed so very real.
“Queen... but how?” He realized he had let himself get lost in this illusion.
“You must break free of it. You have never failed to protect me, Nolen. I am unharmed as you can see.”
“Of course.” He stood and when he believed that the illusion was just that he opened his eyes. “Queen, you are okay?” He asked as he returned to reality.
She looked at him. “Yes, Nolen.” She patted his arm. “Now we must help Tess.”
“What exactly is her fear? She is so closed up.” Nolen pointed out.
“Let's find out.”
Tess was still having a hard time in her mind. “Why did you leave me?” She screamed. 
The queen and Nolen looked at each other. “Is it about her family?” Nolen asked.
“She never talks about her past or her feelings much at all. I never knew until the encounter with the plants.” Queen Quara replied.  
Queen Quara sat near Tess. She touched her in reassurance. “Tess, it is okay.”
“I do not want to be alone!” Tess whispered sorrowfully, unaware that she was not trapped in an illusion. 
Nolen remembered something. “Queen, you were in my illusion. How?”
“I am not really sure, but hopefully I can do it again with Tess.” She answered. She held Tess' hand, focused and soon she found herself in a dark place. It seemed so lonely and empty. She saw Tessa huddled up, shivering, and crying.  
“Tess.” She got her attention.  
Tess looked up surprised. “How are you here in my mind?”
“I'm not exactly sure. You can wake up now that you realize this is not real.”
Tess nodded and stood like the brave warrior she had always been. There was something in her hazel eyes though. Embarrassment? “Before we go,” Tess stopped Quara, “this can stay between us, right?”
“Yes, of course.” Quara replied. “You don't have to be ashamed or keep so much from us. We're all friends. If nothing else then know that I'm here for you, dear Tess.” Quara said more in a motherly way than a friend. She knew how Tess saw emotions as a burden or weakness. It's just who she was. Quara thought she was more likely to open up to her than the others. 
“Thank you.” Tessa accepted the hug that was offered. Moments later they both felt chilly air and knew they had broken the illusion.
Nolen had been waiting and guarding them. “Welcome back.”
Tess covered her face with her hands and stated, “That was so strange.”

 
Silver had cast out hundreds of tiny icy shards and Zell was hit by them. He tried to repel them, but could not escape them all. His arms, face, and neck received several scratches. Silver released more shards seeing an open opportunity in Zell's weakened condition. This time his leg was stung and he bent down in pain. He raised his hand  and focused a bright light of energy from his palm in the direction of Silver. However, it did not have much effect on the tall, strong, Silver. A small scratch was all that appeared on his face. Silver was only amused by it though as he laughed. 
Slyvia could take no more. Her heart had nearly stopped when all those icy needles had hit Zell. She had to stop it. She clumsily climbed down the tree. Her foot slipped and she thudded to the ground on her butt. She immediately shook it off and got up..
“Silver, stop this!” She limped closer with a thick stick she had found that could bear some of her weight. 
Zell warned. “Stay back! What are you doing?”
“i want to know what you know about this necklace and transporting me back to my world. “Sylvia demanded and decided to leave out the part where she was also trying to distract him so Zell would not get hurt anymore. 
Silver laughed, though not such a pleasurable laugh as before. “Oh, brave girl,” he said with annoyance, “brave, stupid girl.” He suddenly appeared inches away from her. He gripped her arm tightly as he stared right at her.
Zell shouted. “Get your hands off of her!” He forgot his pain momentarily and ran towards her. He bounced back to the ground. An electrical force field had been placed around them. 
“Zell boy, let the girl and I chat for a minute.” He said calmly with a dangerous tone. 
Sylvia's heart was racing. She was nervous to be this close to someone who had made himself to be an enemy of Enigma. It scared her.
“I will find out where you got the necklace from.
“If it is so important that you know, then why not help me in exchange for the answer?” Sylvia tried to negotiate.
“Oh, clever one, eh?”
“Would it kill you to do something nice for someone?” Sylvia choked down her fear.
“It might!” Silver smirked.
Zell was outside of the force filed shooting at it with his enrgy blasts. Slowly he felt worn from using so much energy. Nolen stood beside Zell and used his lightning attacks. Bright, fierce lightning struck the force field many times, but only made an electrical show with no effect. Tess knew that her insect communication, which was supposed to be animal communication, would have no effect in this situation. Quara raised her hands with her staff held high. The ground beneath the force field caved a bit. Objects that glittered from the sky fell with force like a hard rain. Shards of different sizes and colors of blues and purples fell. Quara did not let up, and was not as easily drained as her companions. With her persistence the force field finally shattered. Silver released Sylvia, and in doing so she saw a glimpse of a chain around his neck. “Why do you have a jewel like mine?”
“Just be glad you got away this time.” The others gathered around Sylvia ready to fight. “We will meet again. Count on it!” With that Silver opened a huge portal beneath them all. It swirled with blue colors. They fell into the vast, dark blue hole. It was an odd sensation like the dream where you feel yourself fall and fall. They landed just outside the walls of the Enigma city. Everyone had to shake off the after feeling of being inside a portal.
“Slyvia.” Zell crawled over to her. She still lied on the ground where she had fallen. “Slyvia.” He called again and hoped she would respond.” He gently took her in his arms.
“I suppose she is not used to falling through portals. Nolen, carry her to the palace. Her ankle can finally be treated there.” Quara instructed.
“I am able to take her myself.” Zell spoke up. In such a short time they had gone through so much together. He felt responsible in a way for her now. 
Tessa gave her typical look with raised eyebrows and her arms crossed as if to say 'what happened to not liking each other' Surprisingly she said nothing though. He was not too sure himself of what had happened. After the promise to protect her, he felt he could not just leave her now. That was what he told himself.
“Are you certain?” She smiled at Zell's bond growing closer to the young girl. “Very well, have the healers take care of your injuries, as well.” 
Zell agreed, and picked the unconscious Sylvia up. They headed towards the palace gates. They were greeted by the guards, and allowed to pass. “I will take Sylvia to a guest room, and have someone treat her ankle.” Zell confirmed.
