Nomi Nivag Anthology Volume 1
Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier

Contents

Nomi Nivag and the Kingdom of Poopoola 

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three


Nomi Nivag and Gregory’s fight with the big “C”

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three



Nomi Nivag and the Tribulations of Bahl Bazaar

Chapter one

Chapter Two

Chapter Three



Nomi Nivag and the Loss of Brendan

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

About the Author



Nomi Nivag and the Kingdom of Poopoola
A tale from the Universe of Zarara
Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier
Smashwords Edition


Chapter 1
Nomi was a constant sixteen year old daydreamer. A young teenager with her head in the clouds. She was sitting in the back of the classroom as she was the tallest of the kids and the teacher did not want her to interfere with their vision. She was looking outside the window as usual, dreaming of freedom of the chores of school. It was hard for her to concentrate as the best days of summer were coming. The sense of that wanted freedom was invading her more and more.
She was drifting away when suddenly a nagging raspy voice brought her out of her reverie.
“Nomi!” said miss Brown the teacher of the class.
“Nomi Nivag, young girl, wake up! You are not paying attention!” said the middle aged woman angrily.
“Yes miss Brown I apologize!” replied the girl who straightened herself up and covered drawings she had scribbled on a piece of paper in her binder.
“I am so sorry.” said the young miss.
Miss Brown gave Nomi and evil look and gave Nomi a stern speech.
“Well, apologizing won’t bring up your grades. When are you going to understand that paying attention in class is really important for your future. You won’t make anything out of yourself by just daydreaming all day long. You need to learn things in order to become someone. If this is a goal for you of course?!” continued the teacher.
The others in the class let out mad giggles and enjoyed the grilling session Nomi was receiving.
The teacher looked around.
“Hush! All of you. You have been slacking on me and your grades have been going down. I have made a promise to your parents that you would learn something this year and I intend to keep that promise. So to teach you the value of learning, I want a three page report on one book you have read in the last month from the library. I want this by the end of the week as you will give a presentation in front of the class.” groaned the irritated teacher.
Charlie the bully of the class tore up a page of his math book and made a paper ball out of it and threw it to Nomi, hitting her on the side of the head.
“It’s all because of you. You dumb girl. This one’s for you and we will get payback for it. You wait and see!” said Charlie.
The teacher went and grabbed Charlie by one of his ear and said: “Is that a treat to Nomi that I hear Charlie McCain?”
“I am sorry!” said the dark hair girl, tall teenager. “ Please don’t start a fight on my account. Please don’t do that.” begged Nomi.
“We will have to talk about this after class.” replied miss Brown.
“Now it’s three o’clock, you are dismissed for the day. Go home and do your homework!” said miss Brown.
The bell rang and Nomi left class after a speech from the teacher. She did not live too far and it was warm and sunny outside that day. She decided to take a small trail beside the creek. Lazily pacing herself while looking at the scenery. She finally arrived at the farm, half an hour later.
Her mother was waiting for her on the porch of the house while Brendan was close by playing with some toys. He was running in circles with a tiny airplane in his hand and making funny noise as he went along. He was autistic, a nice little man, but he would have several tantrums during the day so that situation puts a lot of pressure on everyone. Nomi’s mom had to stay home to take care of Brendan so there was no other income coming in but the farm itself. Despite Brendan’s condition Nomi loved her little brother immensely. She played with him all the time in the backyard. Trying to teach him words and he was making progress. Brendan was able to form words now and responded more and more to people around him. They all hoped that one day he would become close to self sufficient.
However at the moment, Nomi’s mother was not impressed with her daughter as she knew that she deliberately took a long time to get home and avoid some chores she had to do.
“Now Nomi, you know you have to behave better than that or you will get yourself in trouble. You know your dad needs you badly to help him just before supper time. Why do you keep doing this? He is working hard to make us all secure and all you do is try to derail us.” said Nomi’s mom.
“I am sorry Mom.” replied the girl.
“Sorry won’t put food on the table Nomi. Hard work will. Go tell your dad that the supper is ready and I want you to say to him that you are sorry to not have showed up to help him today.” she said.
“Yes mother.” replied the young miss.
And so she went to the stable where the milk cows were. The dairy cow barn was fairly big. It could accommodate close to a hundred cows.
Her father was there tending to them and the milking machine.
Her father was a man in his early forties, tall and proud owner of the Nivag farm. The farm was a family business passed on from generation to generation. But it was performing poorly lately. The economy was not working in favors of the local farmers and times were hard.
“Hi dad!” said the young girl when she came into the stable.
“Mom told me to tell you that supper is ready.” she continued.
“Ah, good day to you Nomi, thanks for the heads up. How was your day at school?” said the middle age man.
“Just a normal day, I guess.” replied the girl.
“Did you learn anything new today?” replied the father while feeding the cows.
“Well I have learned the capitals of each province of Canada.” she replied.
“Good and what is the capital of our province?” he asked.
“Fredericton! You goof! Everyone around here knows that!” she replied to her dad.
“That a girl!” laughed her dad.
“Speaking of which, we will have to go there next week to the markets. I want to present some new dairy products and a new brand of cheese to the local people. We will have a road trip and you are more than welcomed if you do want to come of course.” continued Nomi’s dad.
“Oh dad, that would be awesome! It has been so long since I went there. Too long in fact. Could we go see cousin James when we go.” said Nomi.
“Sure, why not. I have to go see your uncle anyways. I will call him tonight and see if he is not too busy this weekend.” replied her father.
“Dad, you are the greatest.” she replied.
“Ok Nomi, now please help me bring the paperwork to the office and then we will go eat.” said Nomi’s dad.
They finished the work and, both went home for supper.
They had a good supper, but as usual, Nomi was busy daydreaming. Her mother shook her head, looking at her daughter.
She had brought Nomi several times to the doctor to have her examined, but each time the doctor was formal in saying that she was perfectly normal. But they feared that Nomi was somewhat like her little brother.
After supper Nomi was playing outside as usual. She decided to sit down under her favorite tree.
She closed her eyes for several minutes and just enjoyed the soft, warm summer winds that were flowing all around her. All of this was fun for her but then suddenly a bird in the tree started chirping loudly. Nomi a bit surprised turned around and looked up at the bird and was wondering what was going on. It started to chirp louder and louder, then suddenly it started to speak!
“Hey you! Yes you! Look over here. I was sent here by lord Zarara to ask for your help. He needs you to resolve an issue with one of his kingdoms.” said the strange looking bird in the tree.
Nomi could not believe her eyes and ears, she squinted and then looked at the bird again.
“Who are you? I have never seen a talking bird before.” she said, backing a bit, terrified at what was going on.
“Do not be afraid young miss. I am just a messenger for my lord. He just needs your services and you are the most qualified person he knows that can help out.” said the bird.
Nomi looked all around her making sure that she was in check with reality.
“Please, step in inside.” said the bird.
The bird made a gesture and a big huge hole opened at the bottom of the tree.
“Don’t be afraid, please step into the opening” repeated the bird.
Nomi stayed frozen for several minutes, then stepped into the weird opening.
“This is crazy!” she kept repeating to herself.
She went forward for a few moments and then all went black. She let out a scream as she was tremendously scared of the situation.
Then a light came about, far in front of her. It seemed like a white globe at the end of a tunnel. Nomi walked towards the light for what seemed like an eternity.
After a while she could start to make out the shape a door in the circle. She proceeded forward and finally reached it. The door was all white with golden decoration and a weird looking handle that was shaped in the head of a dragon.
Seeing no alternative but to go forward, she turned the handle in an attempt to open the door which succeeded. She was bathed in a very bright light that blinded her.
Even if she was scared, she did not phase in her resolve. She walked forward and suddenly a form appeared in the light. It was in the shape of a classical guitar.
“Whoa!” she said.
“Good evening Miss Nivag.” said the form.
Nomi stood there, looking at some sort of classical guitar that had arms and legs and a face on top of the neck. It wore a classic bow tie and had a gentle smile for the young miss.
“I am Floyd the door keeper. Welcome to the land of Zarara.” he continued.
“Zarara?!” replied Nomi puzzled.
“Yes. This is the realm of Lord Zarara where strange things happen all the time” responded Floyd.
“What am I doing here?” she said.
“You were summoned by lord Zarara to tend to some matters that only you can resolve.” said Floyd.
“For your services you will be rewarded handsomely.” continued Floyd.
“Really?” said Nomi.
“Yes, please step this way.” said Floyd.
They both proceeded to engage what was a huge white corridor. The ceiling was unbelievably high and there were some magnificent chandeliers in the form of flowers hanging from the ceiling. There were humming birds flocking all around those chandeliers going for the weird flowers. The walls of the corridor had windows that you could look outside of but the scenery was just changing every 10 seconds under Nomi eyes. She looked at this in disbelief.
One moment she saw a field in a particular window and then the next moment it all morphed into a jungle scene and then in a snow scene then something else.
“My, this is really strange.” she said.
“Yes, such is the realm of Zarara, always in motion, always changing. You are seeing views of the two hundred fifty different realms of the Zarara universe.” replied Floyd.
They walked for several minutes finally reaching a wall in front of them. There were looking at several different doors.
“Today, You have to enter this door today Nomi. There is a situation you have to tend to and Lord Zarara needs your help. Only you can go in as Lord Zarara cannot interfere in the affairs of his kingdoms or otherwise he would distort their reality and destroy them.” said Floyd.
Nomi looked at Floyd, not really knowing what to do. She was getting into a situation that she knew nothing about, but it was so inviting. After a few moments she reached for the door and opened it. Again as before the door led to complete darkness.
“Don’t be afraid.” said Floyd, who was behind her looking at her step forward.
“Just walk straight in front of you and you will reach the kingdom of Poopoola in no time. There is a king and millions of his subjects there that needs your help. You must go help them.” said Floyd.
“Oh I was forgetting, before you go and to assist you in your decisions we will give you Mister Chiffon.”
Floyd reached for a box on a table close by and opened it. Inside was a small metal turtle. He was fairly tiny, a few inches large and long. It was a funny looking contraption. Floyd pushed a button on the shell of the turtle and put it on the right shoulder of Nomi.
“Mister chiffon will be your council when you need help or advice. He is there to guide you and will be your confident if need be.” said Floyd.
The turtle lay on Nomi’s shoulder for a few moments, silent, not moving. Then it started to come to life. Little jets of steams come out from various parts of his body. It started to move its neck and head, then it opened its eyes and turned towards Nomi.
“Amazing!” she said in surprise.
“Good day to you madam, my name is Mister Chiffon. I am here to help you out when required.” said the little automaton.
“Please to meet you.” said Nomi looking at the funny looking robot.
“I guess we have to step forward.” she continued.
“That we do.” replied mister chiffon.
Chapter 2
Elsewhere at the same moment.
“Sound the trumpets and the horns for Lord Zarara! His magnificent majesty is coming to the throne room to honor us with his supremely majestic presence.” said one of advisor in the room.
A row of a hundred men on each side of a large room started playing trumpets. Then huge doors were opened and a figure began to walk on a red carpet that was several hundreds of feet long.
The tall figure was cloaked in a blue cape. He was wearing a combination of leather and armor plates all over his body. He was imposing to look at and pretty young, pretty close to his early twenties most would say. The figure had red hair that was semi long and flowing around as he was walking. Hundreds of onlookers dressed in all manners of strange attire were looking at this impressive and imposing figure go by.
After a long period of time the figure finally reached an imposing throne. It was all of golden color and had a lion’s head sigil on top of it.
He looked at the crowd and clapped his hands and made a dismissive gesture. The crowd scrambled out thru the door. Only one person remained in the room. After everyone was completely gone, the figure spoke.
“Is she making progress ?” said Lord Zarara who was speaking to one of his advisors named Timrin.
Timrin was a giant chimpanzee dressed in a green robe that has intricate design woven into the fabric.
“Yes, my lord.” said Timrin.
“Bring up the screen!” said Lord Zarara.
Timrin went in front of a crystal and iron console and waved his hand in front of a particular part of the contraption. A huge screen descended from the ceiling and stopped in front of Lord Zarara.
Lord Zarara looked at the screen.
“Good, she is doing well so far.” said the Lord.
“ What powers did we give her for this adventure.?” Lord Zarara continued.
“We give her the power to conjure up things out of nothingness, my Lord.” replied Timrin.
“Do you think it will be sufficient?” replied Lord Zarara.
“We forecasted that for this adventure, so it should be enough. She is very intelligent and will be able to get thru this peril relatively easy.” said Timrin.
“ I hope so.” said Lord Zarara.
“We shall monitor the situation very closely my Lord and intervene in absolute necessity if it comes down to that.” replied Timrin.
“Yes of course.” replied Lord Zarara.
“See to it that she is justly rewarded at the end of her mission.” the Lord continued.
“Yes my lord.” said Timrin as he looked at his console, watching the progress of Nomi as she was going on to her adventure.
Lord Zarara sitting in his throne looked at the screen, lost in thoughts.
“I hope she succeeds…” he thought to himself.
Elsewhere…
And there went Nomi. She walked again for several minutes in complete darkness. Again she saw a bright spot of light ahead of her. She followed the source and started to hear water dripping. The more she got closer the louder the noise came to be.
She walked out of the tunnel and suddenly found herself in front of a waterfall. She stepped further into the waterfall scenery.
“This is amazing.” she said.
“Yes, magnificent isn’t it?!” said Mister Chiffon.
She looked around and there they were, in the middle of a small jungle scene. She looked up at the waterfall that reached far higher than she could see.
She looked at the bottom of the waterfall and there was a pool of very blue and clean water. This pool was surrounded by different jungle foliage of different greenery and brownish colors. Birds and butterflies went about, flying all around Nomi.
This is amazing as she bent to touch the crystalline waters. She ran her hand in the pond and it felt amazing and refreshing.
“We better carry on with her mission Miss Nomi.” said Mister Chiffon.
“Yes of course.” said Nomi to the little turtle.
“But I don’t know what to do.” she continued.
“Let me help you.” Mister Chiffon raised his paw over his eyes and scouted around.
“ I think I have found the doorway to the kingdom.” he said after a few moments.
“Really?!” said Nomi.
“Yes young misses, look over there, just besides the waterfall, a sign, that says, here is one of the paths to Poopoola.” said the little turtle.
Nomi went towards the direction that Mister Chiffon indicated and there it was the sign.
Behind the sign was a another tunnel opening. It was somewhat buried in foliage.
“I guess this is the way in.” said Nomi.
“Well there is only one way to find out.” said Mister Chiffon.
Nomi removed some of the foliage and then proceeded to enter the tunnel.
Again they travelled for a bit in a damp tunnel. It had some moss on the wall that emitted a faint glow that helped Nomi navigate the treacherous grounds.
She finally found an opening and went thru it. She was welcomed to a strange sight.
She was in a big huge cavern. It was at least a kilometer wide and high. On the walls of the cavern was a painting of the sky and clouds that moved around as if there were alive. There was a huge big sun painted on one part of the ceiling of the cavern and it shuns like the real sun.
“This is odd. It’s like a micro world within this cavern.” said Nomi to Mister Chiffon.
“Yes such are the worlds of Zarara. Every kingdom is different and unique in its own way.” replied the little turtle.
Nomi looked all around the cavern. She walked around and then she saw something totally unexpected. In front of her was a mass of rock that was suspended in the air. It was several hundred of feet wide and as much as long. She went under the suspended massive boulder. Just above her some strange things were happening. There were some dirigibles going around but they seemed to be travelling upside down. All of them were very small, no bigger than a small bird and there was a good bunch of them going around which amazed the young miss.
She looked at the rock more closely and in awe. She could see the form of a city, but it was stuck under the rock upside down instead of being on the rock like normal things would be.
Then suddenly horns started to resound. The strange noise was coming from this city.
Nomi could see people no higher than a few millimeters going about in panic on the ground of the upside down city.
She looked at Mister Chiffon, very puzzled.
“This is just so strange.” she said.
All of a sudden a small vehicle started to approach her. It was really strange looking. It resembled more like a big mechanical insect. It floated in the air with ease and emitting a small hum. It stopped in front of the young girl, upside down.
It started to emit some weird sounds.
Nomi made a gesture, putting her hand to her ear, signaling that she was not able to hear the communication properly.
“Sorry I don’t understand you. What do you want from me?” she finally said.
For a moment there was nothing happening, but Nomi could vaguely make out that there was something moving in the tiny vehicle. The vehicle moved again. Then a sound was heard.
“You are in the kingdom of Poopoola, state your business or be evicted!” said someone in the small vehicle.
“I don’t even know what I am doing here.” replied Nomi.
“Apparently some Lord named Zarara wants me to help you guys out.” she continued.
“Lord Zarara you say?” replied someone in the vehicle.
There was a pause for a few moments as Nomi tried to look more closely at the vehicle. Then a sound came out of it again.
“Well I guess help has arrived then.” continued the small form.
“The king has been waiting for you for a long time, but you have not shown up until now.” continued the character in the small insect like vehicle.
“I was expected?” said Nomi baffled.
“Yes, you were.” replied the small being.
“Wait here. I need to go see our king, so we can arrange an audience and resolve our crisis at hand.” said the little person as it piloted the vehicle and left.
“Crisis, what crisis?” said Nomi, who looked at Mister Chiffon all puzzled while the vehicle slowly drifted away and disappeared in the city under the rock.
While she was waiting Nomi continued walking around the rock and tried to peer into the city.
There were all kinds of weird buildings barely a few centimeters high. She saw many strangely shaped things that looked like houses. Many of them looked like seashells placed on their side and in rows like city blocks. There were also what seemed to be larger routes and expanses of greenery here and there and small patches of what seemed to be forests. She could see a multitude of little beings walk around, almost like ants going in and out of their nests. Going here and there. Travelling in weird little vehicles.
She was amazed at what she was looking at but still had no clue as to what was really going on.
A few minutes later, another vehicle arrived in front of her followed by several other ones of roughly the same size. They were humming, going up and down like bees.
Then, once they were in some weird formation , the front vehicle emitted a sound.
“I am the king of Poopoola” said a being inside the front vehicle.
“I welcome you in the name of the kingdom of Poopoola and all of its inhabitants.” the voice continued.
“I am Nomi Nivag and this is Mister Chiffon, my advisor.” Nomi replied.
“Good.” replied the king.
“I am informed that you have come to us upon the request of lord Zarara, supreme being of this realm in order to help us fight the Dragon Crows who have been preying on our fair land for some time.” continued the king.
“Uh, maybe. I am not sure.” replied Nomi.
“We need to bring you to our kingdom in order to be able to talk to us. My scientific advisor, QuintoGweeto will take care of the problem at hand.” said the king.
The front vehicle left and disappeared from view and another vehicle buzzed it’s way in front of Nomi.
The scientist looked at the situation from the deck of the strange vehicle.
“We have to bring you down to size. It should not be too complicated.” said the weird looking creature inside the vehicle on the loud speakerphone of his vehicle.
“Shamoose, come here! Get me my oscillator transmodifier.” said the scientist.
Shamoose disappeared and then came back a bit later, wheeling in a huge ray gun that was mounted on a tripod.
“That will do.” said QuintoGweeto.
He reached behind what seemed to be some sort of trigger on the ray gun and shot a strange ray at Nomi, who had barely time to say “Wait!…”
Nomi fainted. She was out for several minutes and then she opened her eyes and there she was, on the bridge of the vehicle.
“Where am I? What has happened to me?” she said, feeling a haze all around her.
QuintoGweeto started to speak to the poor disoriented girl.
“I have shrunk you to the proper size to go talk to the king. He has left and he is on his way to the castle to prepare a battle plan that you will be part of in order to fight the Dragon Crows.” said QuintoGweeto.
Nomi looked around her. She could see all kinds of characters dressed in strange attires and uniforms. Most of them were wearing soldier uniforms like those worn by the wooden soldier decorations in those Christmas tales or cartoons. They stood at attention with big huge lollipops in their hands.
She got up as fast as she could and started to walk around but she was wobbling. Mister chiffon also had the same faith served to him as he was sitting on her shoulder trying to hang on as best as he could.
“This is weird!” she said as she wobbled around.
“Let us go to our king with haste. We do have to hurry to stop the invasion.” said QuintoGweeto.
And so Nomi sat on a seat and waited as QuintoGweeto ordered to a pilot to set course for the capital and the kings’ palace.
They flew for a while. Nomi who was up to scale now and properly oriented to the city could see all of its beauty now. Details started to pop up for her. She could see the buildings, the people and other amazing things go by in front of her eyes. Things started to make more sense to her.
They travelled for an hour and then were guided in a part of the city. There stood the Scarlett Castle. It was a huge building with many towers reaching for the sky. All the exterior of the castle was dark red. The ship landed in front of the castle on a landing pad. The group got out and they were escorted to the front door of the castle that were several hundred feet high.
After crossing the doors, Nomi was asked to step on a platform that floated above the floor. The platform was operated by some sort of strange looking creature that resembled a long neck dinosaur. He was dressed in a taxi cab driver outfit just like in the old movie Nomi loved to watch on her computer.
The strange platform started to move forward. The strange group of people travelled for a bit taking many turns in the strange corridors of the palace.
The walls were decorated with many paintings of all kinds. Scenery painting, paintings of people that looked like royalty amongst other portraits.
They finally got to a another door that had a crown symbol above its frame.
It opened and there was king Poopoola sitting on his throne , people whispering to him.
“She has arrived your majesty.” said QuintoGweeto who had arrived a few minutes just before Nomi.
The king was sitting there. A strange looking fellow.
He had the form of a man, but instead of a humanoid head Nomi could see that the king had a big round fishbowl in its place. He was dressed in some sort of royal garb that had intricate designs on the chest and legs. He wore dark red leather boots that went way up his legs. He wore velvet gloves and had had epaulette of gold with a golden aiguillette going down and buttoning on his chest.
In the fishbowl was a bullfrog dressed pretty much the same way as the figure he was on top of and sitting on a throne, holding a scepter in his hand like the bigger figure was.
The bigger figure turned the fishbowl towards QuintoGweeto and the king in the fishbowl whispered to him.
Then the figure turned its fishbowl head towards the young girl who was looking at the strange site.
“Don’t be afraid of me child.” said the figure.
“I am king Poopoola, master of this kingdom.” he continued.
“Nice to meet you king Poopoola, but this is all strange to me.” replied Nomi.
“Why am I here?” she continued.
“You are here because we need you to vanquish the Dragon Crows for us young miss.” replied the king.
“I don’t understand?!” replied Nomi.
“Let me explain.” said the king.
“The Dragon Crows are wild beasts that have started to attack our kingdom recently. They destroy everything in their paths when they come.” continued the king.
“Why do you need me to help you? I don’t know anything about these creatures. I can’t do anything to help you.” said Nomi.
“Rest assured my child that you can do something about all of this.” said the king.
“We have fought these creatures to a standstill, but our fighting resources are depleted. These vile creatures attack us for our supplies of jelly beans. We have asked Lord Zarara to help us in our fight against these creatures and he said he would seek out your help.” continued the king.
“Who is this lord Zarara that everyone is talking about.” asked Nomi.
“Lord Zarara is the supreme lord of this universe. He oversees everything and runs most of everything. Ultimately, we all answer to him in one way or another.” said the king.
“Then why did he not get rid of those creatures for you then?” said Nomi.
“Lord Zarara does not interfere with these sort of things. He created this universe and appointed people to run the two hundred and fifty kingdoms. Lord Zarara has told us that we must learn to deal with our own issues.” said the king.
“That’s understandable.” said Nomi.
“We are at the end of the rope. We can’t fight no more. We need your help in this grave matter. Every living thing in the kingdom depends on you to save them.” said the king.
“What am I to do?” Nomi replied.
“You have great powers within you. You can conjure things up.” continued the king.
“You mean like making things out of nothing?” asked Nomi.
“Yes, indeed. You can make things up as you see fit.” said the king.
“I can’t do that.” replied Nomi.
“Sure you do. Maybe not now, but you can. Trust me on that.” replied the king.
Nomi turned to Mister Chiffon in disbelief.
“This is very weird.” she said to the little turtle.
“Yes it is, but he is speaking the truth.” replied the turtle.
“You have been given a power for this adventure. A specific power that you can use as you see fit. You can make things appear. They could be good things or really bad things. It all depends on you and how you want to use your power.” continued Mister Chiffon.
“This is really unbelievable.” Nomi said.
King Poopoola bent over a bit.
“Dear child, millions of people are counting on you for help. Please don’t abandon us. Lord Zarara has sent you to us in hopes of resolving this war peacefully. I am sure you can find a way to save us.” said the king.
Elsewhere, in another kingdom that was close to Poopoola.
It was a dark night with a full moon. A strange looking creature landed on a platform near a very old and derelict castle. It resembled a crow and walked down a path that went into the building. The creature went up to some stairs and arrived in a large room. There, at a long table was sitting a bunch of his kin.
“What is your report Flamboo?” said one of the Dragon Crows who apparently was the leader of the group.
“The king of Poopoola has received some help from what we can gather from our spies.” said Flamboo the Dragon Crows.
“Really?” said the Dragon Crows leader.
“Yes my lord.” Flamboo replied.
“A girl child from some sort of parallel world has arrived. The king as sought her help in order to defeat us.” continued the dark crow.
“And what kind of threat could she be to us?” asked the leader.
“She will not stand a chance. She is nothing that we can’t easily handle my lord.” replied Flamboo.
“Then their jelly beans will be ours. There is nothing they can do to stop us. King Poopoola will lose his stockpile of jelly beans. It shall be ours and we will make them our slaves.” said the leader who looked at the crowd gathered around the table.
“We shall plunder Poopoola until every piece of jelly bean is ours.” continued the leader.
The crows around the table started to laugh and started to eat in bowls full of the precious jelly beans.
The leader gestured to a mouse close by.
“Bring me some more of those jelly beans. I need more. They are so good!” said the leader.
The mouse brought a kettle full of it and poured the candy in the bowl of the Dragon Crows who let out a mad laugh and burped fire just in front of the mouse who barely escaped the fiery bowel movement.
“They won’t know what hit them. We will attack them soon and steal it all from them.” said the leader.
The group laughed madly and continued to feast.
Elsewhere
“Please bring Nomi to her quarters for the night. The day is turning into night and she will need to rest as we have many things to do tomorrow.” said the king.
Nomi was invited to jump onto the weird platform again that went on to a designated room.
Once arrived to the room, there was some sort of bell hop standing at the door. He let both mister chiffon and Nomi in. They were in a room with a huge bed several times bigger than what Nomi was used to sleep in. She went to bed and put mister chiffon on a commode beside the bed and fell fast asleep.
The next morning she was woken up by the doorman. He brought her a breakfast tray.
“Breakfast is served madam.” said the bell hop.
When she felt satiated she got out of bed. The bell hop put mister chiffon over her shoulder and then she proceeded to walk out of the bedroom and hopped on the platform which carried her over to the throne room again.
“Ah there you are. I hope you are well rested.” said king Poopoola when he saw Nomi.
“Yes I am.” said Nomi.
“Good we have lots to do today.” said the king.
“First off, let me explain to you what is happening so that everything makes sense to you.” the king continued.
The king snapped his fingers and 2 servants brought a chair. Nomi sat on the chair that was brought at the bottom of the stairs of the throne room.
“We are in grave danger. The Dragon Crows are attacking our villages to get the jelly beans we have. It has become their favorite food and they want it by any means necessary.”
“I still don’t get it.” said the young miss.
“Every day the inhabitants of Poopoola go out to gather some nectar in the fields of Poopoola and bring it home. They start to make jelly beans from these nectars, to feed the rest of the kingdom. It is the only thing we eat. So you can see that it is vital to us. However the Dragon Crows have started to invade our kingdom and they are ravaging everything to get the jelly beans.” said the king.
“They just jump on the houses and peck with their beak on the houses until they are destroyed and then they grab whatever jelly beans are inside. They leave everything destroyed. They raid our kingdom at least twice a week now. They come in the same way you came in and they destroy every production house that we have.” continued the king.
“And what am I to do with all of this.” said Nomi
“You have to use your powers to defeat the Dragon Crows.” replied the king.
“Oh really, just like that.” said the young miss.
“I don’t even know how to use that power that you are talking about sir.” she continued.
“You will learn how to use it. Trust me child. Let me teach you one trick. Hold your hand up and think of something you like.” said the king.
Nomi raised her palm up and thought of something.
A pink butterfly appeared, floating just above her palm.
“Well, there you go young miss. That is one of the first step into learning your powers. You need to concentrate and things happen.” said the king.
“But why am I the only one able to do this or help you. Surely you have people here that can help you defeat the Dragon Crows easily.” replied the young lady.
“We are not able to dear young miss. They are too big for us. To us, they are monster size and can easily crush anything with their paws. Our defenses can only slow them down. Unlike you, we cannot grow bigger as our bodies would not sustain the pressure of the change. So we need a bigger weapon, something that can easily stand against them.” said the king.
“And that would be me?” asked Nomi.
“Yes child.” replied the king.
“You can create things that will help us to combat that grand scale enemy.” said the king.
“Our feeble weapons are no match for them. We have been lucky thus far and nobody got seriously injured in the attacks, but I don’t want a tragedy to happen. We desperately need your help, young child.” continued the king.
“What do you think Mister Chiffon?” asked Nomi to the turtle.
“It looks like a big challenge to you Nomi. Do you think you are up to it?” replied the small turtle.
“Yes, I guess so.” replied Nomi.
“All you really need is your imagination and everything will work out fine.” replied Mister Chiffon.
“Yes child, listen to your advisor. He is giving you very good advice on the matter.” said the king.
“We will let you go with QuintoGweeto to the castle grounds and let him train you for a bit so you can see the different things you can do with your powers.” continued the king.
The group went to the courtyard of the castle. It was a grand plaza, with high walls all around it. The floor was all marble with nice motifs painted into each tile. It made for beautiful scenery.
“We have to practice now.” said QuintoGweeto.
He clapped his hands and a few guards moved forward. They had a little wooden stick in their hands and they were advancing towards Nomi, slowly swinging the little weapons.
“Now what are you going to do about the situation?” asked QuintoGweeto.
Nomi looked at the council puzzled unsure what to do.
“If you don’t react, they will beat you with their stick.” said QuintoGweeto.
“Really?” asked Nomi.
“Yes. They are programmed to attack you. Of course not to injure you but to just create a response from you. You need to react to them to change the situation.” said QuintoGweeto.
“What do you want me to do?” asked the young miss.
“Defend yourself.” replied QuintoGweeto.
Nomi raised her hands and thousands of balloons of different colors appeared in front of the soldiers. The balloons were totally blocking their view. They fell over each other completely disoriented.
She let out a giggle at the scene.
“See?! You can do it when you apply yourself to it young miss.” said QuintoGweeto.
Elsewhere.
“We are preparing for another attack, sir. We go in 2 days. We will pillage their production easily as usual.” said one of the Dragon Crows to his leader.
“Yes , our supply of jelly beans is low and I crave the cursed thing more and more every day! We need to raid their factories as soon as possible!” replied the leader.
“Yes my lord!” replied the crow bowing to his leader.
The mad leader turned around and let out s spitball of fire that incinerated a chair.
“They won’t stand a chance. The jelly beans shall be mine!” he said as he laughed madly.
Meanwhile at the castle of Poopoola. Nomi was still training, trying to learn what she was able to do with her powers. QuintoGweeto was trying to teach her how to form some thought so she could use her power but it was proving to be difficult for Nomi. It was like learning to walk for the first time and she was getting frustrated.
“I can’t do it. It is real hard for me to create things out of thin air. It just does not happen the way I intend them to be.” said Nomi frustrated.
“Don’t worry, you have time to practice.” said the advisor.
“Please young miss! We are here to help a million beings. We can’t let them down.” said Mister Chiffon.
“I suppose you are right.” replied Nomi.
Nomi decided to take a break and sat down for a few moments enjoying the view. Then, she clapped her hands together and got up. She started to twirl her hands around and all kinds of things started to appear out of thin air.
Balloons, flowers, a goat. Yes, even a goat appeared in front of her. She quickly released the goat who fell on the ground and started running towards an exit. Everyone present had a good laugh at that one.
“I guess we could say that you are ready then. But you need to be careful with your powers.” said QuintoGweeto.
“Why do you say that?” said the young miss to the royal advisor.
“Your powers cannot be used for bad. They can only be used for good.” replied QuintoGweeto.
“Yes I suppose so.” said Nomi.
“Let’s head back to the throne room. We need to go see the king. He has summoned us.” said QuintoGweeto.
And so they went and travelled thru the magnificent castle again. A short while later they were in the throne room.
“Ahhh! You are here child. I heard you were making very good progress.” said the king.
“I suppose so, your Majesty.” replied Nomi.
“Yes. I am very proud of you. Please have a seat. I will show you our plan of defense against those vicious crows.” said the king.
He was surrounded by a large group of his men. Advisors, guards, generals.
“Gentlemen, we are pretty much powerless against the mighty and numerous Dragon Crows. We do not possess any magical powers in this kingdom.” said the king.
“This young miss here is named Nomi has been sent here by lord Zarara in order to help us.” he continued.
“She will help us and we must defend this city and its inhabitants or we shall run out of food and the kingdom will surely perish. Our spies tell us that another attack is imminent. We have to prepare for it.” continued the king.
“What do I do with all of this.” replied Nomi.
“You will be our primary defense young miss.” replied the king.
“We need you to try to stop the invasion and stop this once and for all. Please conduct the young miss back to the cavern. We will need her very soon!” said the king.
Chapter 3
Nomi was bought back outside the floating rock and has before a scientist focused a beam of energy towards her and she passed out for a few moments and awoke in the cavern at full size.
She looked around.
“This was so bizarre. I must have dreaming. This can’t be real.” she thought to herself.
Then she noticed that a vehicle was floating in front of her. It had a faint alarm sound going on.
A voice came out of the vehicle: “We have just been advised that the attack is very imminent. Please continue to prepare for battle. We have advised everyone to go underground and wait further instructions.”
Elsewhere.
A big huge bell rang in a dark tower. It was a full moon night in the kingdom.
“The time has come! We must strike now!” said the leader of the Dragon Crows.
“Are we ready?!” he said to one of his friends.
“We will be in a few minutes. They are assembled in the yard and are waiting your orders for the attack sire.” replied the Dragon Crows.
“Very well!” the leader said in a raspy voice.
He got out of his chair and walked down a corridor to a window that looked upon a huge yard below. He appeared to the crowd who roared in a frenzy. He raised a wing and everyone grew silent.
“Tonight, we go pillage Poopoola. No mercy! Take whatever you can and bring it back!” he shouted to the crowd below.
The birds tapped their beaks on the floor, some of them threw flames in front of them and laughed madly.
“Come then you glorious bunch of fools. If you are ready, let us go!” the leader said.
The strange birds started to flap and lifted up and they headed into the darkness of the skies.
In Poopoola a deafening sound was resounding. People in the throne room started to panic and run around.
“Warn everyone to be on high alert now. Advise the young miss that the attack is coming! Prepare for battle!” shouted the king to his advisors.
A few moments later in one of the vehicles someone relayed a message to the captain.
“This is it. This is the alarm! They are coming!” said a voice that came from the vehicle humming in front of Nomi.
She looked at the vehicle puzzled.
“I really don’t know what to do.” she said.
“Use your powers child! Just do as we thought you and everything will be all right!” replied the captain inside the vehicle.
She looked at the vehicle in disbelief.
“Ok I’ll give it a try.” she said.
She turned around and looked at the opening at the other end of the carven. For the longest of time it seemed quiet and peaceful. Then Nomi could start making out the sound of weird animals in the distance.
“I think they are coming.” she said to Mister Chiffon and the captain of the vehicle.
“I am sure of that! You better start preparing.” he continued.
Nomi took a few steps forward and braced herself in some martial arts position she saw in the action movies she loved to watch.
A few minutes later the Dragon Crows arrived at the entry of the waterfall. The very entry that Nomi had found earlier.
“This is going to be a cinch.” said one of the crows as he was flying around.
“Yes. Tonight we dine on jelly beans until we have a major indigestion.” replied his friend beside him.
And so they made quick progress in the tunnel and ultimately exited the tunnel.
They were surprised to see a bunch of balloons in front of them and many crashed into them and disoriented ended up banging themselves on the walls of the cavern.
“What is this?!” said the leader who was still flying, going around the balloons.
“No one told us about this. No matter let’s make haste. I want those jelly beans.” he screamed to the others.
“Yes sir.” said a friend close by.
And so the Dragon Crows flew.
A few moments later they were met with a multitude of pots and pans that were floating in the air. The poor birds crashed into them. Their faces imprinting the aluminum utensils. Again several Dragon Crows were taken out. The leader barely managed to avoid the calamity.
“Ok! Who is playing tricks on us?!” said the Dragon Crows leader as he flew past the traps.
“Show yourself. So that I can slap you silly into tomorrow.” he continued.
Out of thin air Nomi appeared as a humongous giant in front of them.
All the Dragon Crows stopped their flight in awe.
The leader looked at her.
“Who are you? What are you doing here?!” he said.
“I am here to defend Poopoola and if you attack it you shall regret it forever!” replied Nomi defiant.
“Who do you think you are, young girl. Interfering in my affairs like that!” replied the leader.
“I am Nomi Nivag!” replied the girl.
“I have been appointed by king Poopoola to defend this kingdom it is my sworn duty to defend its people.” she continued.
“And you think you are going to stop us?!” said the leader of the Dragon Crows.
“Of course!” replied Nomi.
“Look behind you!” she screamed.
“What?!” said the leader as he looked behind him.
The leader saw what seems to be a cake coming towards him. It hit him straight in the face and it sent him rolling several times over himself. He flapped his wings to regain stability and looked at the girl in disgust.
“Why you little ….!” he said.
“That’s not the way to talk to a girl, bad crow!” she told the leader.
“Let me teach you a lesson!” the crow replied.
He opened his mouth and sent a lance of flame towards Nomi. As soon as she saw this, the young miss quickly raised her hands up and a water gun appeared in her hands. She pulled the trigger of the gun and directed the stream of water towards the incoming flame. The water barely extinguished the flame who stopped a few meters from her. That did not please the Dragon Crows leader.
“Why you meddling girl! I will show you how we handle things around here!” he shouted.
He started to go towards Nomi again. After a few flying maneuvers he finally reached her and proceeded to slap her in the face.
The girl was in shock and she started crying.
The bird backed off , not knowing what to do. He was as much in shock as Nomi was. He did not expect that reaction out of the girl.
He started to apologize, but Nomi stopped him.
“Why are you even doing this?! You are so mean!” she asked of him while sniffling.
“We need food and we love the jelly beans that Poopoola produces so we have to take it from them. They have refused to give it us.” said the crow.
“And you have to fight them for that?!” replied Nomi.
“Yes, There is no other way. The Dragon Crows have a reputation of evil to uphold!” replied the leader.
“Indeed you are very evil. This is not the way to solve matters. Did you ever think of trying to trade with the kingdom instead of coming in and stealing.” asked Nomi.
“No we do not lower ourselves to being beggars.” said the leader.
“I can understand that. But there is always a better way to solve your problems that resorting to violence.” said Nomi.
“ I don’t see any other way.” said the leader.
“I think I do.” said Nomi.
“What if I can make you an infinite source of jelly beans. Would you leave Poopoola alone?” asked Nomi.
“Of course, but that is impossible.” said the leader.
“Can you escort me to your kingdom, and I will find a way.” said the young girl.
“Very well, but no tricks. I will have my eyes on you. Any false move and we will give you and horrible end.” said the leader.
“Deal!” said Nomi.
Nomi conjured up air balloon and started heading towards the land of the Dragon Crows. The leader of the Dragon Crows ordered to have Nomi escorted to their kingdom. And so they all took off for their homes.
“Please go tell king Poopoola that I will be back soon!” Nomi said to one of the captains in the vehicles as she left the kingdom.
In a few hours she was there and landed her air balloon down in the courtyard of their castle. All the crows landed also. Nomi got out of the air balloon and clapped her hands and it disappeared out in thin air. She Looked around, she could see that everything was desolation and sorrow.
She was saddened to see this.
“There, you are inside our fortress. I hope you can honor your promise to help us.” said the leader of the crow.
“Yes, I will honor my promise to you!” said Nomi.
She extended her arms and raised them in the air. A magical wave started to form around her and extended. The wave started to change the environment. Blackness started to get replaced by vivid colors. She began to spin onto herself so that the wave could spread and it did. The scenery changed to a vivid, colorful one.
She then looked at the ground and made a circle on the ground. She then raised herself up and with that motion also rose a form from the ground. She shaped the form with her hands, going around dancing and smiling. She finally stopped. And there it was, the shape of a fountain. She then tapped the side of the fountain and then the ground started to shake. The fountain vibrated and off the top came a million small jelly beans.
The crowd for Dragon Crows could not believe the sight. They were delighted.
She turned around at the leader of the crow and smiled.
“See. I told you I could fix things for you.” said Nomi.
“Indeed you did.” said the leader of the Dragon Crows.
“This is unbelievable.” he continued.
The Dragon Crows cheered.
“We don’t have to worry about this anymore. This is great.” said the leader of the crowd.
“Yes.” said Nomi.
“As you can see, you don’t have to be mean to resolve your problems. You just need some help sometimes.” continued Nomi.
“Yes, we were wrong to attack Poopoola young miss. We have caused a lot of heartache and tragedy to these people. We shall never bother them again. We will leave them be in peace and I will talk to King Poopoola and see if we can establish a friendly relationship with them.” said the leader.
Elsewhere Lord Zarara was watching the end of the war with great attention.
“She did very well considering the very short time frame she had to resolve the issue. Is her reward ready? “ said Lord Zarara.
Timrim stepped forward. A screen came down from the ceiling in front of them.
“Yes my lord. A golden egg has been given to Floyd, whom will give to her on her way out. I am sure it will also help her family out for a while.” said Timrim.
“Of that I am sure. Nomi has brought happiness to two realms and will bring happiness and prosperity to her own home. I can’t wait to have her again as my guest here.” said Lord Zarara.
Nomi left the Dragon Crows and went back to poopoola where she was decorated by the king. She became a knight of Poopoola and she would be welcomed anytime she wished to visit. She stayed for one more day and was shown the wonders of Poopoola and the jelly beans houses. She learned how they were done and she was amazed on how much care was put into making them. She finally said good bye and went out of the kingdom the way she came in. Nomi finally stepped out of the tunnel and ended up in the great white corridor where Floyd was waiting for her.
“Good day young miss!” Floyd said.
“I see that your adventure was very successful and that you have made a difference. Lord Zarara is very pleased with you.” said Floyd.
“I did the best I could I guess.” said Nomi.
“Indeed you did.” replied Floyd.
“In a token of appreciation lord Zarara asked me to give you this.” continued Floyd.
He opened a box in front of Nomi and there was a shiny golden egg in it.
“Please take it. It will help you and your family in this hard time. Lord Zarara finds that it is a just payment for your services, since you have saved countless lives.” said Floyd.
“Oh my land!” said Nomi.
“Please take it child. Do not worry, we have plenty of these.” said Floyd.
Nomi took the egg out of the box and looked at it for a while.
“It is solid gold. Worth a lot of money in your universe. Lord Zarara knows that your family needs it.” said Floyd.
“I will have to take Mister Chiffon back and put him in his box as he cannot travel back with you, but if you come back at any time, he will be there waiting for you.” continued Floyd.
“Yes, of course!” said Nomi.
She took the little turtle off of her shoulder and put it in the box.
“Goodbye Mister Chiffon, it was nice having an adventure with you.” said Nomi.
“It was a pleasure.” replied the little robot turtle.
Floyd close the cover of the box.
“Now it is time you go home to your family.” said Floyd.
They went down the long white corridor and ended up in the entry where Nomi came in originally.
Floyd opened the door and Nomi walked in.
“All you have to do is walk straight and you will be whisked away back home child.” said Floyd.
Again she walked out in the dark for a while, then saw an opening coming up in front of her. She pressed forward and then was sucked in by some weird vacuum. She was pushed around for a bit, then she was expelled out of the tree that she entered and fell on her behind, just in front of it.
“See, that wasn’t so bad after all?” said a voice behind Nomi.
“What, who, what has happened?” said Nomi looking around trying to locate where the voice was coming from.
“You just had an adventure in the Zarara universe.” said the bird in the tree.
“I must have dozed off at the bottom of the tree.” Nomi said.
“Nope you did not. Take a look at your pocket.” said the bird.
Nomi looked at the right pocket of her dress. She reached inside and there it was, the golden egg she had received in the Land of Zarara.
“Whoa!!! So this was all real.” she said.
“Yes said the bird. You were gone for only a few minutes in this universe. You can come in at any time you want. In fact, Lord Zarara expect you to come in often. He likes you.” said the bird.
“Well that is one strange thought.” she replied.
“Now go child. I heard your father calling for you a few minutes ago.” said the bird.
Nomi went off and ran straight to the barn. She opened the door quickly and ran to her father.
“Look what I have got father! This is incredible!” said Nomi.
“Where did you get this Nomi?” asked her father in amazement.
“I got it as a reward for helping Lord Zarara.” replied the girl.
“What are you talking about child. I hope you did not steal this. You know how I feel about stealing.” said Nomi’s father.
“I know father. I did not steal this. I promise. I can’t tell you where it came from but I swear I did not steal it.” said Nomi.
Her father took Nomi in her arms.
“I believe you child. This might be the answer to our prayers. This is going to help us out for a while.”
“Yes father.” replied Nomi.
“Come lets go show this to mom.” said Nomi’s father.
They both ran home to show Nomi’s mom the golden egg. She was in awe of the situation and they told her that it was a gift from lord Zarara.
Her mother did not know what to say. They were all happy with the situation.
As Nomi was walking by, in the corner of the living room, she saw that Brendan was playing with his toys. When he saw Nomi walked by he said hi and gave her a wink.
Elsewhere, Lord Zarara who was looking at the scene smiled and was pleased.
The end for now.
Next….
What strange adventures will Nomi run into in the Land of Zarara?
Who is this Lord Zarara and what does he want with Nomi?
What great perils will Nomi face?
All these and a ton more questions in the next adventure of Nomi Nivag.
Coming soon!!!

Nomi Nivag  and  Gregory’s fight with the big “C”
A tale from the Universe of Zarara
By Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier
Smashwords Edition
Dedication
In honor of those who fought and lost.
In honor of those who fought and lived.
In honor of those who are doing research to save lives.
In honor of those who offer their help and time to comfort those in need.
Respect and love.
Chapter 1
It was a beautiful sunny day and Nomi was riding her beautiful red bicycle to the corner store. Her mother needed sugar for a cake recipe and she had run out of the ingredient. So she had tasked Nomi to go get some for her. Nomi got on her bicycle and she drove for a while and she finally reached the store, a few kilometers down the road from where she lived. It was an older looking building with lots of parking around it for its clients. The store had been a mom and pop family operation in the town for the longest of time and Nomi and her family were loyal customers. Nomi dropped her bike besides the old building and ran up the stairs and into the store.
“Good day Miss Appleby.” said Nomi to the owner of the store.
“Good day.” replied the middle aged woman who was sitting behind the counter and reading a magazine from the newsstand rack.
“What can we do for you today?” asked Miss Appleby as she put her magazine down for a moment.
“Mom needs a bag of sugar for a wild strawberry cake she is making for dad. Do you have any left?” asked Nomi.
“We sure do. They are beside the flour at the end of the middle row.” replied the old lady.
Nomi went and got the bag of sugar and paid up. She had some change left so she bought herself an orange slushy and began her trek back to her home. The sugar bag was in a plastic bag and hanging from the handlebars of the bicycle. She had the slush in the other hand and she was wobbling all over. She was taking the usual path to her house when suddenly her bicycle hit a deep hole and she was sent flying head over the handlebars. Nomi landed on the ground, passed out.
Everything went black for her. Then in the darkness, she started to hear a familiar voice.
“Are you okay?” said the voice.
Nomi opened her eyes and there was Maurice the bird, looking over her.
She rubbed her head. She had received a big bruise from the fall.
“You have a bad bump young Miss.” said Maurice, who was standing on the ground next to her.
“I guess so.” said Nomi a bit confused at the situation.
“Let me help you.” said Maurice.
The bird touched her forehead and the bruise started to slowly disappear.
“How did you do that?” asked Nomi.
“I am the royal messenger of Lord Zarara, I can do almost anything that I want or need to do.” replied Maurice.
“Lord Zarara needs your help actually. That is why I am here.” continued the bird.
“Really?” replied Nomi.
“Yes. You need to come with me and I will explain as we go.” replied Maurice.
Nomi looked around her. The bike had the front wheel all bent up and the slush and sugar bag were all over on the floor, smashed up.
“Mom is going to be so upset with me. I lost the sugar she needed so badly and now my bike is broken too.” she said, picking herself up.
“Do not worry about it. Lord Zarara will compensate you for this when you get back.” replied Maurice.
“Come with me.” replied the bird.
Nomi followed Maurice all the way to a big culvert that was close by.
“This time you have to go thru this cement culvert to get in the Land of Zarara.” said Maurice.
Nomi was not too enthusiastic about the situation. But she went in. Everything went dark around her. She stepped towards the familiar light that she was used to and she reached for the proverbial door at the end of her little trek in the darkness.
“Ah, good day to you, young Miss.” said Floyd the guitar.
“Good day.” replied the young lady when she saw the familiar character.
“Please walk with me.” said Floyd.
“Today, we need to help a very special boy. His name is Gregory and he is dying from cancer.” said Floyd.
“His parents have asked the help of Lord Zarara and he has decided to break his own rule to not interfere with the life of his kingdoms.” said Floyd.
“What am I to do?” asked Nomi to Floyd as they continued to walk down the long white corridor.
“Lord Zarara wants you to help a group of person save the little boy.” continued Floyd.
They both reached the familiar commode where Mister Chiffon was stored. Floyd opened it and took out the box that contained Mister Chiffon. He took Mister Chiffon out and placed him on Nomi’s shoulder. He tapped the shell and the little turtle became alive once more.
“Good day, Miss Nivag.” said the little robot.
“Good day Mister Chiffon.” replied the young girl.
“I guess we have to embark on a very special adventure today.” she said to the little turtle.
Mister Chiffon paused, not sure at to what was going on.
“Here let me bring him up to speed.” said Floyd.
Floyd took out a chip and put it on top of the turtle shell. A small light began to glow above the turtle. The small chip rose a bit, then started to disintegrate itself in small particles. The particles glowed intensely then were seemingly absorbed into the turtle shell. It took several minutes for this process to be done.
Mister Chiffon looked at Nomi and wiped a tear.
“This is a sad situation.” he said.
“Yes, but we have to try something.” said Nomi.
Floyd took Mister Chiffon and put him on Nomi’s shoulder. The group walked the great white corridor for several minutes and then stopped.
“Let’s step through that door.” Floyd showed Nomi a door that was tiny with beautiful baby aqua blue decoration on it. Floyd opened the door and Nomi stepped in with Mister Chiffon.
She was bathed in an intense light and she found herself in a room of what seemed to be a hospital. She looked all around her. Everything was so weird. All the medical instruments in the room were emitting some sort of steam. She walked through the room and headed for the door.
“This is strange.” she said to Mister Chiffon as she opened the door and walked into a corridor.
Nomi could see some weird type of robots walking around. They were all dressed neatly, with hospital attire and they were behaving like the nurses and doctors that she used to see in hospitals.
Nomi walked around for a bit and she could see that all of them were steamed operated automatons. They all had copper skins and steam vents coming out of various parts of their bodies. Some looked thin. Others looked heavy set. Some of them were talking to each other some were going by and some were rushing by. There was an odd looking tall and thin. Another was mopping the floor. Whatever their role, all of them had humanoid form. Nomi thought of this as really strange. She continued to walk around.
She could see that the wall of the corridor were all paneled out of a combination of copper and aluminum metal decorated with weird wood ornaments. The place felt more like an old library than a hospital.
Suddenly, an old man rolled by in an old clunky wheelchair and stopped in front of Nomi.
“Good day young Miss.” said the very old man.
“It’s nice to see a younger person in this landscape.” continued the old fellow.
“My name is Zeus.” said the old man in the wheelchair.
“What is yours?” he asked.
“My name is Nomi Nivag.” she replied, bowing her head down a little in respect.
“That’s a nice name for a girl.” replied the old man.
“What are you here for?” replied Nomi.
“I am here for a different thing, each and every day.” the old man replied.
“I am literally falling apart.” he said.
“Really?” replied Nomi.
“Yes, yesterday it was my hip, the day before it was my shoulder joint.” replied the old man.
“Well, I don’t know what to say.” replied Nomi.
“Do not worry for me.” said the old man.
“It’s all part of the natural process of life. Your body gets used up as you grow old and things start to fall apart. It’s when you are young that things should not fall apart. It saddens me to see young people have bad luck with their health.” said the old man.
“It’s a shame to see the youth suffer. It breaks my heart every time.” said the old man looking at the floor in front of him.
“I was sent here by Lord Zarara to help a child named Gregory.” replied Nomi.
“Oh, you are here to help that poor little boy.” replied the old man.
“He is only barely one year old and he’s got cancer real bad. His family is devastated. The doctors say that there is nothing more they can do for him. The cancer has become too aggressive and it is just a matter of time before he goes away.” continued the old man as he looked to the floor, a tear in his eye.
“I have lived for a long time and enjoyed many things in my life. I have been good and I have been bad, but I have lived a full life. This child deserved to experience life. It should not be taken away from him this way. Not this early.” said the old man.
“I am told that I might be able to help him.” replied Nomi.
“Help? But, how?’ said the old man.
“I do not know yet.” replied Nomi.
“I need to find the head Doctor here and find out what is going on.” she continued.
“Let me think.” said the old man.
“I have heard from the nurses that Doctor Chalmers is taking care of little Gregory. Let me see if a nurse that is here knows anything about this. Shall we?” said the old man.
The old man rolled his wheelchair to the desk nearby.
“Excuse me nurse. I have this little girl here who has come to help out poor Gregory. She was sent by a fellow named Lord Zarara, can you help her get directions on what she needs to do?” asked the old man to the automaton behind the desk.
“Oh my!” replied the automaton nurse a bit surprised at the question of the old man.
“Of course! We have been advised that a specialist would come to try to help us save little Gregory.” she replied in a mechanical voice. She stepped out from behind the desk.
“Please follow me, young Miss.” said the nurse.
“Let us go see the head nurse. Miss Cassandra.” said the automaton.
Both Nomi and the old man followed the nurse thru the corridor.
“I am a tad curious. I hope you don’t mind me following you around.” said Zeus.
“No, not at all.” said Nomi.
“I need some help to deal with this world anyways.” she replied.
The old man smiled at Nomi.
“Thank you, you are very kind, young Miss.” replied Zeus.
They walked around the hospital for a while. People were going around. Mostly automatons and then they turned a corner and saw a big tiger go by.
“Oh, My!” said Nomi, surprised at the apparition.
“Do not worry young Miss.” said the old man.
“That is Rupert. He just arrived from the zoo yesterday. They gave him a new eye. I would guess to hazard that he is walking about, to test his eye.” said Zeus.
“This hospital tends to humans, robots, animals and a ton of other things. It is the central hospital of the city. That is why it is so big.” said Zeus.
“Sure looks like it.” said Nomi.
Chapter 2
They continued walking and went into a huge elevator. Beside them was a big huge elephant.
“Which floor?” asked the elephant.
“We are going into the child care unit. South East wing.” said the nurse.
“Ok then that floor it is.” replied the elephant as he pushed the button to the destination floor with his trunk.
As soon as he pushed Nomi could hear some motors roar and gears grinding. The elevator shook a little bit, which seemed to scare Nomi a lit bit. Zeus picked up on that.
“Don’t worry its normal elevator behavior around here.” he said.
The odd group travelled for several minutes on the mechanical device. It stopped a few times to gather a few more patients and staff from the hospital. Then it went up for a bit more and then it reached the destination floor. Most everyone got out. Except mister elephant who was going for a magnetic image on the four hundredth floor of the hospital.
The group left the elevator and travelled a few corridors and met a lot of strange people and creatures along the way. They saluted a lot of people and then they finally reached the hospital wing where they had to go to. A huge automatic pneumatic door opened for them. They stepped in and saw several corridors with a circle shaped office in the middle where all the corridors seemed to meet.
The nurse went to the station and asked for the head nurse and, a few moments later an automaton appeared. She looked newer than the other ones. She was more shapely and appealing to the eyes than the other staff that was going around in and out from the different rooms nearby.
“And that is why I like to come here from time to time.” said the old man, giggling.
“I am Cassandra. Head nurse of the child care unit. I was told you were coming.” she replied in a soft gentle voice that was more organic than robotic.
“You must be Nomi Nivag?” she asked to the young teenager.
“Yes, I am.” Nomi Replied.
“Pleased to meet you.” replied the nurse.
“We need your help and you are the only one that can help us out. We need to operate on Gregory and we need to do it soon or all is lost for him.” said the nurse.
“We will need to put you in a special suit and send you into him to destroy the bad cancer cells that are ravaging his body.” said the nurse.
“Normal treatment is not working.” asked Nomi?
“No.” replied the nurse.
“We have tried every treatment available and you are our last resort. We have an experimental treatment that we can use, but robots are not compatible to operate the machinery that is needed to save Gregory.” continued the nurse.
“What do I need to do?” asked Nomi puzzled at the situation.
“We need to put you in a special suit and then shrink you. After that, we need to inject you into Gregory and have you zap out the bad cell until he is completely cleaned out. Once that is done, we can stabilize him and nurse him back to health. The problem is that we have never done that before and every attempt at using a machine in Gregory has resulted in failure and made his condition worse. We have no other option but to send you.” said the nurse.
“Your body does not obey the same laws of physics as ours in this universe. We can shrink you without any problem and send you in a probe vehicle inside Gregory.” she continued.
“We have an experimental machine that can alter organic matters, but it failed with metallic ones. So we have to send in a human being. All our staff is automated so we can’t use them. Lord Zarara recommended you because of your past exploits and courage.” said the nurse.
“Come, let us go meet our little friend and his parents. They have been advised of what you are going to attempt for their son.” said the nurse.
And so they travelled down the corridor that was full of lively children paintings on the wall. Nomi enjoyed them and the colors. They were so vivid and full of life. She saw multiple rooms with different children in them being tented to by robot nurses and doctors.
The head nurse finally stopped in front of a room and opened the door. There, Nomi saw little Gregory in some sort of incubator tent. His parents were beside him. They looked very sad and burned out.
“Come child, let us get you acquainted with little Gregory.” said the nurse.
They walked over to Gregory’s parents. And they looked at Nomi for a moment. They could not believe that somehow she might be able to save their little son.
Gregory’s father got up and went to hug Nomi and started to cry on her.
“Anything you can and will be able to do to try to save my little boy is fine by me!” said the man with a trembling voice.
Nomi’s stomach started to shake. She was suddenly feeling the pressure of the situation. She was holding someone’s life in her hands. She did not want to panic, but she had a very uneasy feeling inside. Gregory’s father finally let go of Nomi and then her mother got up and looked at Nomi too. She did the same for Nomi. After a few minutes they all went closer to Gregory, who was intubated with many tubes. He was breathing heavy and you could hear his irregular heart rate on the monitoring device. It was a faint sound, but a sound that no one ever wants to hear stop of a loved one when they are sick.
Nomi looked at Gregory for several minutes. The old man had been permitted to go inside too, and was looking at Gregory too.
“Poor little kid. I was visiting him for the last month. He is fading away. I hope that you can help Nomi. He represents everything to his parents.” said Zeus, as he looked at the little boy and Nomi.
“I hope I can do something too.” she replied.
Nurse Cassandra came back in the room and she called Nomi out.
“We need to go see the doctors now and try the experiment.” she said.
Nomi stepped out of the room and followed Nurse Cassandra to a room at the end of the wing.
There she opened another humongous door. The room was huge and full of equipment and steam. Electric sparks gave light to the darkness of the room from time to time.
In the middle of the room was a huge desk. There were two very different beings that were looking at some contraption. They were somewhat arguing about what was transpiring before them.
One of them was what seemed to be a gopher and the other was an octopus that wore a helmet full of water. The vast room was filled up with weird equipment. Things were all over the place. You could see wirings coming down from the ceiling. Shelves upon shelves filled with weird looking parts. Clothes were hanging on the back of old chairs. In the middle of the room was a huge looking tube that reached for the ceiling. It was a huge contraption, but had a smaller capsule part. Tons of hoses were connected to the device. Steam was venting from the machine and wires were all over the floor around it.
“Darn it, the thing is not calibrated right.” said the gopher to the octopus.
“I tell you that it will hold under pressure.” replied the octopus.
“It’s just a minor glitch in the movement system of the suit, nothing to fear.” continued the octopus.
“I tell you William, this can prove dangerous for the little girl. We cannot fail Gregory. And we have no alternatives but this.” said the gopher.
The octopus had multiple tools going on around the contraption that they were working on. He was tightening things apparently or making some kind of adjustment to the suit while the gopher was going all around him. Trying to peer at what he was doing.
“No. Not like that.” more here and less there. Here, let me have a go at this.” said the gopher.
The octopus moved out of the way and the gopher turned a knob on the front of what seemed to be some sort of yellow space suit.
Then all kinds of bells and whistle went on in a data screen that was close to them.
“There, you see. It is ok now.” said the gopher.
“Ahem.” said nurse Cassandra.
“I have the test subject here, if you are not too busy arguing with each other again.” said the automaton nurse.
Both persons turned around and looked at the nurse. They both scratched their heads.
“So, this is the person lord Zarara sent to us to help little Gregory?” asked the gopher.
“Yes and no sarcastic remarks.” said the nurse.
The gopher moved out from behind the lab desk and in front as well as the giant octopus. He had a white coat on and some weird looking glasses. He wore white tennis shoes and had a bunch of pens and pencils sticking out of his pockets.
“My name is Doctor Dumont and this is Doctor Chalmers. We are the doctors who will help you save little Gregory.” said the gopher.
“My Name is Nomi.” said the young Miss.
“Please to meet you.” said the octopus to Nomi.
“We are going to put you in that suit that you see over there and then inject you inside Gregory where you will go and destroy all the bad cell so we can nurse him back to proper health.” said the gopher.
“I am going to go inside Gregory in a suit?” asked Nomi.
“Yes, that is the plan, that is if you don’t explode in a trillion atoms in the shrinking process.” replied the octopus.
“Ok, I am officially scared right now and I am freaking out!” replied Nomi.
“You don’t have to, young woman. The chances of you getting totally destroyed are about one in a hundred.” replied the octopus.
“The risk is minimal, considering the situation.” he continued.
“This is so crazy.” replied Nomi.
“Not really young child. We are the top most experts in the field of nanotechnology. We have decades of experience combined.” said the gopher.
“We think we have done enough research to help little Gregory properly. We just need someone to get into this apothecary suit and travel inside him and kill every cancerous cell until he is fully cleansed.” said the gopher.
“This is insane said Nomi. I have never seen this done before.” she replied.
“I know, but we have no choice. If we don’t try this, Gregory will be passed on by the end of the week and we just can have that. We have to try and sacrifice everything to save him.” replied the gopher.
“It is our sworn duty to save people’s lives. We have sworn to Gregory’s parents that we will save him, no matter what.” continued Doctor Chalmers.
“We have designed the suit for you. Lord Zarara has advised us of your measurements. The size of your chest was a bit of a problem but we managed.” said the gopher looking at the young woman.
“I beg your pardon?!” said Nomi.
“I meant that your ample chest gave us a few design problems, but we have been able to manage.” replied the gopher.
Nomi looked at her chest and saw what the doctors were talking about.
“Yes, I guess it’s the good genes that my mother gave to me.” she said, surprised at the sudden twist in the conversation.
Nomi had started to develop into an adult earlier than most kids and she was teased a lot at school because of this. It was something she did not like because she felt alienated from most people in her age group.
“Let us hurry child. Please step up.” said Doctor Dumont.
“Yes.” said Nomi as she stepped around the desk to go towards the suit contraption.
She looked at the suit and it looked more like a space suit than anything else she could recognize.
“This is what you will wear.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“Yes, I guess it may work.” she replied a bit skeptical.
“What about Mister Chiffon? What is he going to do?” asked Nomi.
“Mister Chiffon will be your copilot in your craft.” replied the gopher.
“Craft, what craft?” replied the girl.
“That craft!” said Doctor Dumont as he flipped a switch. A part of the room became illuminated and there was a small stand with a small globe on top of it.
“I don’t see anything except that globe.” said Nomi.
“Well, it is there. Trust me.” said Doctor Dumont.
He opened a screen facing them and up came an image of the vehicle that Nomi was to be put in. It was in the globe, smaller than a blood cell.
“We will shrink you in to fit inside this vehicle and then inject you inside Gregory. There you will perform internal surgery inside him. You will zap everything that is not supposed to be there.” said Doctor Dumont.
“Wow, just like that!” said Nomi.
“Pretty much.” said Doctor Chalmers, who had kept pretty much silent up until now.
“This vehicle is a cleaner vehicle. It will allow you to navigate thru Gregory and destroy the bad cells inside of him. The vehicle is designed to auto sanitize itself. Its outer shell will not affect Gregory in any negative way. You will be the co-pilot inside of this vehicle.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“We thought of this all remotely to being with. But we found out that we need someone inside the vehicle to visually pick up what the machines could not see. We did not want anything to escape. That is why the vehicle will be operated by you and Mister Chiffon. Also the ship does have its own systems to help you thru your tasks.” said Doctor Dumont.
“The suit will be a safeguard should anything go wrong with the integrity of the craft. We will be able to recuperate you if you end up being in deep trouble.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“That is very reassuring in a weird way.” said Nomi.
“Please don’t worry. We will be there to assist you along the way during the process, it should not take more than a few hours to do.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“We have examined Gregory from head to toe and identified every region infected. You will travel thru a lot of him at incredible speeds and zap everything like we said.” said Doctor Dumont.
“The suit that is before you is made of an alloy composed of different metals and crystals and will be flexible. It will bend and work out like regular clothing. It will resist pressures, heat, acid and anything that can be thrown at it. You will have a life support system for your suit that should give ample time to perform your operation.” said the gopher.
“Ok. I have to prepare for this?” asked Nomi.
“Yes. Nurse Cassandra will go prepare you further and put you in the undergarments of your suit so we can apply the outer shell when you get back.” replied Doctor Chalmers.
Nomi disappeared with Nurse Cassandra and she came back a while later, all dressed in white undergarments that had hoses and connectors of different kinds.
“Ah good, we are making progress. Please approach.” said Doctor Dumont.
Nomi went up a few steps. The doctors started to fit her up with the super suit. They started at the bottom and worked their way up. They carefully attached each part in a very distinct pattern and position. They were doing well with the suit fitting, when suddenly an automaton nurse came crashing through the door.
“Gregory is going into cardiac arrest! They are trying to save him.” screamed the nurse to the group.
Everyone went pale.
The doctors stopped for a moment.
“Do anything and everything to get him back! We will finish preparing Nomi here and send her as soon as we can.” said Doctor Dumont.
The nurse left in a hurry and the doctors continued their hard work on Nomi, who got the last pieces of her outfit finally installed. The group tried to hurry up as much as they could. After some time, they installed the breathing apparatus on Nomi’s back.
“There, this is your rebreather system, you will have an almost infinite supply of oxygen with this.” said Doctor Chalmers.
They attached other connectors to Nomi suit.
Then they gave her some sort of device that looked like a gun.
“What is that?” asked Nomi, surprised at the contraption.
“This is a laser, in case you need to go outside the vehicle. It will help you zap those cells if need be, this would be the worst case scenario and the one we don’t want to happen, but we have to prepare for it.” said Doctor Dumont.
“We are sending Mister Chiffon with you as your virtual co-pilot. He has been programmed to pilot this ship for you. He will be here, but will virtually control all of the ship when you are not in control of it so you can concentrate on your Mission.” said Doctor Chalmers.
Mister Chiffon was hooked to another machine not too far from Nomi. You could see on a screen that data was being uploaded to his brain thru a tiny little cable inserted into his shell. The progress bar read 87 percent completed for whatever information he was getting and the bar kept going up.
Finally, after some tense minutes, the final touch was applied. They put a helmet on Nomi head and started the oxygenation system of the suit. The doctors then sealed the helmet to the suit and turn the communication system of the suit to see if Nomi could communicate with them.
“Test, test!” said Doctor Dumont into a microphone on his desk.
“I am hearing you!” replied Nomi.
“Are you ok in the suit asked the Doctor? I hope it’s not too hot for you.” asked Doctor Dumont.
“No, it feels like a warm winter suit. It is warm but tolerable.” said Nomi.
“Good that is perfect.” said Doctor Dumont.
“Now, we have no time to waste. We have to shrink you and insert you in your vehicle.” said Doctor Dumont, who pulled a lever on a command panel close by.
Steam came out of the machine as it came alive.
“Now relax Nomi. The shrinkage takes but a few microseconds. You won’t even have time to blink and you will be inside the ship.” said Doctor Dumont.
Doctor Dumont pulled the lever again and there she was. Nomi was in a weird looking ship.
“Please get to the cockpit.” Doctor Dumont said.
“Yes.” replied Nomi.
Nomi went to the front area of the vehicle. It had some piloting instrumentations. Nomi looked puzzled by all of this.
“Do not worry about those. Mister Chiffon will take care of most of this for you. Now we are going to transfer you into a special cartridge and insert you into Gregory. That also should not take too long.” said Doctor Dumont.
“How is he doing?” asked Nomi.
“I just got news that they brought him back. He is safe for now, but we have to do our part faster than I expected now. It’s all up to you young Miss.” replied the Doctor.
Nomi just sat and waited in the vehicle and for what seemed to be an eternity, nothing happened and then she felt some tremors of the vehicle.
“We are transferring you into the capsule now said Doctor Dumont. Do not worry, this will take only a few minutes.” said the gopher.
Nomi was looking outside the window of the cockpit, she could make some forms out but everything was so enormous. She sat there waiting and then as before the voice of Doctor Dumont came on.
“We are transporting you in the room where Gregory is. You will be injected in him within the next few minutes. Please hold tight and do not panic.” said Doctor Dumont.
Again the vehicle shook and then everything went calm.
“There.” said the voice on the radio.
“You are now inside Gregory child. Please follow our instructions. Please turn on the power of the vehicle. It’s a big switch on your left. It says power under it. Push that up. It will start the vehicle so that Mister Chiffon can start to pilot it.” said Doctor Dumont.
The vehicle started to hum and shake a bit. A light came out in front of the vehicle and Nomi could see some strange thing going from the vehicle.
“What is that?” asked Nomi.
“You are inside a blood vessel Nomi. What you see going by, are blood cells. You are smaller than them. You need to destroy the bad, cancerous cell in Gregory’s body. We will start from the bottom of his body and go all the way up to the end of his head. Since he does not have a big body mass yet we should be able to do this clean up pretty quick.” replied the Doctor.
“Ok. We will bring you to the start point and then Mister Chiffon will help you pilot the vehicle to the end point.” said Doctor Dumont.
The vehicle started to turn and went into a direction. After a few minutes a familiar voice came back on.
“We are doing great Nomi. Don’t despair this will be over soon I promise.” said the Doctor over the radio.
The vehicle travelled for a bit and Nomi was finding the view terrifying, but also strange and beautiful. She was impressed by the complexity of what was going around her.
“We have to start cleaning up.” said a voice on the radio of the vehicle.
“On your left, you will find some commands for the vehicle mounted laser system. Please take a look.” said the Doctor.
Nomi looked as indicated and found an array of controls and they were all tagged with different names for different functions. She looked at them for a few moments.
“I think I have them, they are in front of me right?” Nomi asked.
“Yes, they are. We have made the controls as simple as we could so it would be easy for you to use and concentrate on what you need to do.” replied the Doctor.
Nomi pushed a button and a stick came out of the console in front of her. The stick had several buttons on it. It looked like an airplane pilot control stick.
She started to maneuver the stick. The shipped moved when she moved the stick.
“Good, I see that you are trying stuff.” said the voice on the radio.
“On your screen you will see a display that shows you what you need to zap.” continued the Doctor.
Nomi looked to her right and there was a display that showed her an incoming object that was coming her way. The screen was flashing and indicating to her that she was going to need to take action pretty soon in order to destroy the rogue cell.
It came closer and closer to her ship. Then the alarms went on.
“Thirty seconds to encounter.” said the onboard computer.
And it continued the countdown warning Naomi at about every five second interval.
When the cell was close by more alarms came on.
“You have one cell very close to you Nomi. Do not miss it. All you have to do is press the yellow button when it is close by and the ship will do the rest.” said Doctor Dumont on the radio.
So Nomi waited a few more moments. When the cell was in line with the ship, another louder alarm came on and Nomi pressed the yellow button on the stick and the ship fired a pale blue light all around it. The cell passed by and it was disintegrated by the ray of light.
“Good job! That is exactly what we want you to do Nomi.” continued the Doctor who was at his console and very happy about what just went on.
“We are having good results with the ship and Nomi.” he said to Doctor Chalmers.
“Yes, I am most pleased. Our designs are working as expected.” replied Doctor Chalmers.
“How are you doing Mister Chiffon? Any trouble with the ship?” asked Doctor Dumont.
“It is smooth sailing so far. The ship is easy to control.” said the turtle.
The ship started to move and navigate thru the space it was in. It was going thru and zapping bad cells left and right. It was making marvelous progress. Doctor Dumont was checking on Nomi often to make sure she was comfortable with the situation at all times. He did not want her to start to panic and have things go awry.
“Gregory is still ok for now.” said Doctor Dumont to Nomi.
“We are at one percent done with the clean up. We are also injecting Gregory with a specialized liquid to help rebuild his red blood cell more rapidly, so he can get back to normal as soon as possible.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“I am holding off. But it’s getting harder to navigate. It seems that there are a lot of clumps of bad cells everywhere.” Nomi said.
“Yes, that is expected Nomi. We have planned for this.” said Doctor Dumont.
The ship stopped in front of an accumulation of those bad cells. Nomi looked at it.
“What do I do with this?” she asked.
“We have laser missiles that will take care of the bigger ones. You shoot the laser missile and it will disintegrate the clump and then you can zap whatever is left in the area.” said the Doctor.
Nomi lowered some type of viewfinder in front of her from the ceiling of the ship. It looked like a periscope from some sort of submarine. She looked in the viewfinder for a few moments.
“I have the clump in the view finder.” she said.
“Good, said Doctor Dumont on the radio. On the side of the periscope there is a button, when you are ready, fire the laser missile. It will hit the target and destroy most of it. The rest is just clean up and you can move on.” said the voice.
Nomi did as told and she fired the laser Missile. It hit the clump of bad cell which disintegrated in several parts. She quickly engaged the other laser who made quick work of the rest of the debris and bad cell that resulted from this destruction.
Nomi carried on for some time aided by Mister Chiffon that was helping piloting while she was shooting the bad cells out of Gregory’s body.
Outside in the nursing room, everyone was watching with great anticipation. They were being relayed to the chatter from Nomi and Doctor Dumont and the other members of the team that were helping the little boy regain his health.
Doctor Dumont was giving a report to the parents.
“We are doing very well. We are holding up as scheduled and we are at ten percent of the clean up for our little angel here.” said Doctor Dumont.
The parents were starting to smile as baby Gregory started to move a little bit. He already started to look better.
Inside the control room someone came in and advised that a major electrical storm was on its way towards the hospital. Doctor Dumont got tremendously worried.
“We cannot afford to go down. Make sure that everything is set up so that we have emergency power running should the main power line go down.” he said to the nurse.
“Also, keep me informed please.” said a worried Doctor Dumont.
“Yes, we will Doctor.” replied the nurse who had reported the news.
“Nomi, we may run into some problems.” said the Doctor on the communication system.
“What is it Doctor?” said Nomi.
“We have a thunderstorm coming in towards our hospital. It may affect our operations. Of all the rotten luck in the world, this had to be today.” said the Doctor.
“I will do my best to keep you informed at all times Nomi.” continued the Doctor.
“Thanks Doctor.” said Nomi, who was navigating the blood vessel as she fired her laser destroying bad cells inside Gregory.
Doctor Dumont looked at Doctor Chalmers.
“What do you think? Is it going to hold?” asked the worried Doctor.
“It should.” replied the octopus.
“That is not acceptable. We can’t let them down.” replied the gopher.
“Let me see what I can do.” said Doctor Chalmers.
Doctor Chalmers got out of the room and travelled along the corridors of the wing. He went out of the wing and then took an elevator to the six hundredth floor of the building. He walked out of the elevator and entered a room that was practically on the roof of the building. He looked out of a window and could see a dark formation of cloud coming towards them. It was dispersing electrical charges in the city under it.
Doctor Chalmers paused for a few moments and look at the dire situation.
He then took a microphone on the desk of the room.
“It does not look good Dumont. It’s really bad out there. It is almost hurricane like. The storm is fast approaching. I only hope that our own internal generators are able to hold this off until we are done.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“I hope so too.” replied Dumont on the radio.
Doctor Chalmers looked at the staff that was monitoring the situation.
“Do we have an estimate on time when it will hit us?” asked the Doctor.
One of the technician looked at his screen.
“It says half an hour from now. It is heading straight for us.” he said, looking at the Doctor.
“Not good, not good at all replied the Doctor. Ok. Please advise me if things worsen. I have to go prepare for this.” replied the octopus.
The Doctor took the elevator again and went back to his office.
“It looks pretty bad Dumont, let's pray that we can get thru this crisis.” he said when he saw his friend.
“Ok, yes.” replied Dumont, who radioed Nomi.
“Nomi, we will have to try to accelerate the process. We need to get things done faster. There is a big thunderstorm approaching and we need to make sure that you and Gregory are both safe and sound.” said the Doctor.
Chapter 3
The ship accelerated its pace, but it came at a price.
“The ship is harder to control.” said Mister Chiffon who clearly was struggling.
“I can only go at so much speed before I start losing accuracy in my piloting abilities.” continued the little turtle that was moving his head left and right. Inside his brain were the images of what was going on in the cabin of the ship and views of the outside of the ship. Mister Chiffon had to sort out a ton of information in a blink of an eye and it was proving difficult for him to be able to cope with this sudden influx of information.
A voice came on the speakerphone of the room.
“I am afraid to announce that we are going to get it by that major storm in fifteen minutes doctors. Better prepare for the worse.” said the voice.
Doctor Dumont looked at Doctor Chalmers, really worried at the situation.
“Nomi, how are you holding up?” said the Doctor.
“I am still ok for now, but it’s getting ruff here.” said Nomi.
“We will be under a bad storm in fifteen minutes Nomi. Hopefully the tower can hold and we can finish the surgery without incident.” said the Doctor.
“Ok, ten-four!” replied Nomi.
“You are at seventy five percent done Nomi. You are doing great.” replied the Doctor.
The Doctor asked the weather crew upstairs to put the radio on so they could listen to the latest bulletins coming in about the storm.
The radio was blazing the same message over and over.
“The storm is approaching fast and the winds are picking up. The city is under shutdown. The authorities have decided that everyone should stay home and not come out due to the severity of the situation. The local police is going around and asking people not go around and avoid the storm at all cost. We have had never had it this bad sir. I have worked here for twenty years and it’s the first time I see this kind of storm coming towards us.” said the weatherman upstairs.
The storm came closer and closer and started to hit the tower. The building started to shake and rumble. Things fell over in the room.
“By Jove, this is insane.” said Doctor Dumont.
The tables were shaking. Cables were going all over the place and sparks were flying. In Gregory’s room things were getting pretty dangerous. The room was shaking tremendously and the nurses were now getting worried that the operation would fail.
“What is going on?” asked one of the automaton nurses.
“We are receiving a really bad electric storm with strong winds.” replied another nurse.
The little crib bed was shaking and they were getting worried that something would go wrong. But they could not stop the surgery. Nomi was in and they had to wait until she was done before they could do anything else.
“Make sure that all the wiring and the tubes hold on baby Gregory or otherwise we will lose him and young Nomi.” said nurse Cassandra.
She went to another part of the room and took a phone off the hook and called the machine room where the doctors were.
“How are you holding up over there?” she asked to Doctor Dumont.
The Doctor ran for the phone and picked it up.
“We are having a hard time to manage the situation. The building is shaking way too much. Everything is falling apart around us.” said the Doctor.
As he said this another lightning strike started. It hit the tower several times, all at once. The building shook considerably that time.
“Code red, code red!”screamed Doctor Dumont.
“Prepare for disaster.” screamed the Doctor to his staff.
He took the microphone.
“Nomi, the storm is hitting us very badly. You are going to have a hard time doing this. Do you think you can hold on child?” said the Doctor.
Nomi was travelling pretty quickly inside of Gregory but the ship was hitting all kinds of things and not performing as well as before.
“It’s very shaky in here.” said Nomi. The ship feels like it wants to tear itself apart. I don’t know if I am going to be able to finish this.” said the young girl.
As she said this she heard a loud bang that came from the back of the ship. She got up and went to see.
She could see that liquid was coming in rapidly into the vehicle.
“Oh no!” she said.
“Doctor, there is a big problem here. I think the ship is breaking apart.” said Nomi over her radio.
Mister Chiffon replied at the same time.
“I can confirm, we have hull breach. We do have a major hull breach of the vehicle!” screamed the little turtle.
Inside the vehicle Nomi was knee deep in fluids.
“Can you hear me Nomi? Can you hear me child?” said Doctor Dumont.
“I can still hear you Doctor. But the ship is getting filled up with some goo. I think this is the end.” said Nomi.
“No Child, that’s why you are in the suit, you still have a chance. Please go open locker B. It contains a propulsion pack. It will allow you to travel and hopefully finish the job. It will take a bit longer, but we may still succeed.
Nomi opened the hatch and put the pack on her back as instructed by the Doctor.
“You will have to evacuate the vehicle Nomi. You don’t have any other choice.” said Doctor Dumont.
“You will have to use the jetpack on your back to navigate to the last few spots and finish the work that way. Don’t forget to pick up your laser gun on your way out.” said the Doctor.
Nomi made sure the pack was securely on her back and picked up the laser gun. She attached a wire form the laser gun to a clip on her suit to make sure if she dropped the gun that she would not lose it. She opened another hatch that lead to the outside of the vehicle. The vehicle rapidly filled up with liquid. Nomi struggled to stay up against the force of the current of the liquid pouring in, but she pressed on. Special enhancements in the suit gave her extra strength so she could fight the tidal wave that was raging against her, but she was still having a hard time moving.
She finally got out of the vehicle. The power of the vehicle went off and it stopped operating. Nomi got out just in time as it started to spin in the vortex of the fluid and it was carried away. She was able to activate the pack and navigated through the flow of the liquid. It was hard maneuvering thru everything that was going on all around her. She finally managed to get to another trouble spot. She cleaned up everything she saw.
She then activated her jetpack again and then proceeded to the next spot. She was entering the brain of Gregory. This was the most dangerous part of the mission since the neuron discharges were flying all around her. She had to navigate through those to get to a specific spot that was somewhat contaminated. She raised her laser and started to shoot the bad cell that were affecting the child. She did so for a long while. She felt a lot of vibrations while doing this.
Doctor Dumont was guiding her the best he could under the circumstances.
“You are almost done Nomi, just a few more minutes and we will take you out of there.” said the Doctor over the communication system.
Nomi was still firing the laser. There was only one cell left. When, suddenly an electric discharge hit her suit. She was sent flying and ended up in a membrane wall far from her target. She could see in the distance a lone cell that was floating. It was the last one she had to clear. Suddenly alarms went off in her helmet. Her breathing system was breached. She could see in her helmet screen that she only had less than a minute of oxygen left in the suit.
She grabbed the gun and aimed at the bad cell and shot. She missed. She pulled the trigger again and then shot. The cell got hit and got destroyed. But she left with no more than ten seconds of proper oxygen to breathe.
“Nomi, can you hear me child!” said the voice on the radio inside her helmet.
“You need to hit the big yellow button on your chest. It will deploy a rescue capsule to where you are at and it will grab you and bring you back out.” said the voice on the radio.
Nomi was on the verge of passing out. She struggled but she finally managed to tap the button on her chest and then all went dark for her.
Outside in Gregory’s room nurse Cassandra injected the rescue capsule in Gregory. The capsule homes in on a signal that Nomi’s suit emitted. It travelled quickly to Nomi’s location.
The rescue capsule went and grabbed her. It connected to her and repaired the rebreather which gave her a bit of oxygen. The capsule unit went back in the entry it came from. Nurse Cassandra recuperated the capsule and brought it back to the Doctor’s room. They put the capsule in the bottle and brought it to the Doctor’s room.
Nomi reappeared in the bottle. She was whisked away by a vacuum system and brought back in the main capsule.
“Now stand by for bring her back to normal size again. In three, in two, and one. Go!” said Doctor Dumont.
Doctor Dumont pulled a lever and sparks and lights and steam came out of the capsule. Everything disappeared in steam. It took several minutes for everything to clear out. The door opened. And there stood the suit.
The Doctor went up a ladder quickly to inspect the damaged suit. He looked inside and saw Nomi breathing. He unlocked the helmet and looked at the dizzy girl.
“Are you ok Nomi. I thought we had lost you for good child.” said the gopher.
It took a few moments for Nomi to gather some words.
“Yes, I am ok.” she said as she raised her arm and gave thumbs up.
“Thank the lord. She is all right.” said the gopher.
Everyone cheered. The stress on that part was over. The doctors started to remove the suit from over Nomi.
A nurse gave her some juice thru a straw as she was severely dehydrated. She sipped for a while, regaining strength.
Mister Chiffon was unhooked from the machine and was waiting at the desk. The little turtle was watching the events unfolding in front of him.
They brought up a wheelchair and put Nomi in it. The old man who was there was smiling.
“I will race you to Gregory’s room.” he giggled.
They both left the room and they actually started to race towards the room where Gregory was. They both arrived at the same time and the old man gently knocked on the door.
“Is there anybody out there?” said Zeus.
“Yes, please come in.” said a voice from inside the room.
Zeus let Nomi go by as she wheeled herself in the room.
A bunch of nurses and doctors were in the room, surveying all the equipment and other medication that Gregory had to take to get back to full health.
They let Nomi go by to get to the small bed where Gregory was.
“He is getting stronger by the minute. His vitals are improving and he is gaining color. The blood tests are coming in like crazy and they are showing that he is rebuilding his body pretty quickly, thanks to you Nomi.” said nurse Cassandra.
“You have saved our little friend here.” continued the nurse.
Nomi was just there watching Gregory. He has his eyes opened. It was the first time in a long while that the little boy had enough energy to do this. He was moving his arms a little bit and was doing a little bit of kicking. His parents came back to put their hands on Nomi’s shoulder.
She looked up at them.
“We have a debt that we can never repay to you Nomi. We are forever in your gratitude.” said Gregory’s father.
Nomi smiled and looked back at Gregory. The little boy started to smile and looked at Nomi. She raised her arm and took Gregory’s hand. The little boy squeezed his little hand around one of her fingers and smiled.
Nomi was in heaven.
Gregory was moving more and more.
“He is still fragile but he will get stronger by the minute.” said the nurse.
Everyone in the room was feeling relieved. It had been a very stressful time for all of them and they were finally happy to see a happy ending to all of this. The storm had gone by and was away now and everyone was safe.
“Well, I have to go. It’s time I go back to my room and get some rest. This has completely burned me out. It was nice knowing you Nomi.” said Zeus.
“It was nice knowing you too.” said Naomi.
The old man veered his old wheel chair and went away. He left the room and disappeared from view. After some time he finally reached what seemed to be his room. He opened the door and entered it. He wheeled himself in the room and closed the door behind him. He wept a tear and dried it.
He got up out of his wheelchair like he was not ill at all. And then he started to walk. A light appeared before him. It was some sort of wormhole and he walked thru it. The old man reappeared in another room and as he walked he began to transform himself.
“Good evening, my Lord. I trust your trip was pleasant.” said Timrim.
“Yes.” replied Lord Zarara as he walked towards his throne.
“Please reward Nomi with a golden egg. She deserves it.” continued Lord Zarara.
“We shall do as you ask my lord. Floyd will have it ready when she goes back out.” said Timrim.
Elsewhere, back at the hospital several hours had passed. Medical tests were coming in at a furious pace. Everything was looking good for the little boy. Nomi was very pleased by this.
“I think we can say that thanks to you Gregory will be able to grow up and become a happy man.” said Cassandra the nurse.
Nomi looked at the strange slender automaton and had a smile on her face. A few hours passed and other tests came in. Gregory was confirmed to be out of danger. Everyone was very happy at the turn of events. The staff took Nomi out and brought her to a big kitchen area where they held a party in her honor. The mayor of the city had come in to congratulate the surgery team. He gave the keys of the city to Nomi. She was made an honorary member of the board of the hospital and was even given an honorary diploma for exemplary work in the field of medicine.
“I would like to thank the courage of this young girl, who took all the risks to bring back our little Gregory and to prove to us that our technology can work to help people. We will apply the lessons we have learned here today to save other lives and give hope to the people who have lost it.” said Doctor Dumont.
“ I am deeply honored to know this brave young girl.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“I raise my glass to salute the courage of this young woman.” he continued.
Everyone cheered Nomi.
A group of Nurse wheeled in a huge chocolate cake and everyone that could eat it got a piece. They all talked about how they each contributed to save little Gregory.
Nurse Cassandra invited Nomi to spend the night in a special room close to little Gregory’s room and she did. She woke up the next morning and received awesome news.
“Gregory is all cured, Nomi. You cured him.” He is going to recuperate.
His parents thanked everyone and especially Nomi for her hard work and courage in this. After everyone left the Doctor and the staff came back to Nomi.
“You have proven to us that we can succeed Miss Nivag.” said Doctor Dumont.
“We deeply appreciate what you did for us. It was not an easy thing to do. Your willingness to take the ultimate challenge and take the risk to succeed deserves our eternal gratitude.” said Doctor Chalmers.
“You did well young woman. We sure could use someone like you in our staff but I know you need to go home.” said nurse Cassandra.
Nomi was silent but content.
“Please accompany me.” said Nurse Cassandra.
Nomi hugged Doctor Dumont and Doctor Chalmers.
“I will miss you my friends.” she told them.
Nomi left the little groups and followed the nurse to the room where she came into the hospital.
A portal opened in front of them.
“Now be a good girl and forever remember what you did today. Carry this adventure in your heart and know that Gregory is now and forever a part of you as you are a part of him.” said the nurse.
“Yes, Miss Cassandra.” replied Nomi as she stepped into the weird portal with Mister Chiffon.
Nomi was back to the corridor room where Floyd was waiting for her.
“I hope you enjoyed your adventure.” said Floyd.
“I did, but it was really scary at times.” she replied.
“You did well nonetheless, and Lord Zarara is forever in your gratitude. He asked me to give you this as a reward for your hard work and by saving Gregory.” said Floyd.
Floyd pulled out another one of his many boxes in front of Nomi and she opened it.
Inside was another golden egg. She smiled.
“This will help my dad and the family.” she said.
“Just work, deserves just rewards” replied Floyd.
“Now, we have to take back Mister Chiffon and get you back home. I heard your mother call your name.” continued Floyd.
“Oh My, I forgot, I destroyed the bag of sugar she needed for daddy’s cake.” said Nomi.
Floyd turned around.
“I think we can fix that problem.” he said.
He reached inside a cupboard and took out a big bag of sugar out.
“There you go. We also took the liberty of fixing your bicycle while you were on your adventure. So everything will be as if nothing happened to you.” continued Floyd.
Nomi stepped out of the land of Zarara and out she came back out of the culvert.
She was full of mud, but the bag of sugar was still immaculate.
Maurice was there waiting for her. As she got out of the culvert, he let out a good giggle.
“You are in so much trouble now young lady.” he said.
“I sure am. I am going to get grounded for sure. I have to go.” she replied.
“See you soon.” replied Maurice as he waved goodbye to the young girl.
Nomi got out of the ditch and hopped on her bike and went home. She finally got home. Her mother and father were waiting on the porch. She tried to explain why she was covered in mud. She came up with a story that she saw a little rabbit stuck in a culvert and went to rescue him. Her mother made an awesome cake. Later in the evening Nomi showed her dad the new golden egg she got. Again her father asked her where she got the golden egg and she said she could not tell. The golden egg would be traded for money and the family would be all set for a little while longer.
The end for now.
More Nomi adventures to follow.
More mysteries, More danger, more of everything for this young dashing lady!




Nomi Nivag and the tribulations of Bahl Bazaar
A tale from the Land of Zarara
Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1
It was a dreary, rainy day. Really boring to Nomi. She woke up and got some breakfast with her brother Brendan. She was teasing him with the cereal box. She was making the cereal box go in circles in front of her little brother.
“I call dibs on the toy inside.” said Nomi as she brought the box to herself.
Brendan looked at her and did not say anything but you could see he was not real happy with the situation.
Her mother intervened.
“Nomi Nivag, how many times have I told you to not tease your brother like that. He will have a tantrum and fall apart and we will have to deal with this. I don’t really need this, not right now young Miss.” said Nomi’s mother really irritated as her young daughter’s behavior.
“Sorry mom. I won’t annoy him.” said Nomi.
“When you are done, please go to the mailbox and grab the mail. Your dad forgot to pick it up yesterday.” replied Nomi’s mother.
“Yes, mom.” replied Nomi.
Nomi hastily finished her breakfast and prepared to go outside. She put on her pink raincoat and rain boots and was on her way. The mailbox was a good kilometer away on foot. She walked in the rain. It was more of a drizzle than anything else by now, but Nomi loved this type of weather. All the sounds of nature seemed to come together when the rain was coming down and it was soothing for her. She loved to sit on the old rocking chair on the porch and watch the rain pour and also loved thunderstorms.
She loved the excitement these generated. She was also very scared, but the adrenaline rush was fun.
And so she travelled the road for a while and finally arrived in the mailbox. She took out the key from her pocket and opened the mailbox and reached inside when suddenly a somewhat familiar sound was heard.
“Hi there young miss. How have you been?” said the voice.
Nomi looked at the top of the mailbox row. There he was again, the strange bird that invited her to a strange adventure a few weeks ago.
“You again?!” she said, surprised at the apparition.
“What do you want this time?” she continued.
“Lord Zarara has another job for you.” replied the bird.
“Really?” replied Nomi.
“Yes, he liked your performance so much and he needs you again.” replied the bird.
“First things first. What is your name?” asked Nomi.
“My name is Maurice.” replied the strangely colored cardinal bird.
“Finally, a name, nice to meet you Maurice.” replied Nomi, who made a small head bow.
“The honor is the same.” replied the bird.
“Why me, this is weird, why am I summoned to the land of Zarara.” she said.
“Lord Zarara as a special connection with you. Maybe one day he will tell you what it is. I myself don’t even know what this connection is. Only he knows, and only he will tell you, someday, I suppose.” said Maurice.
“Ok, I guess that makes a little sense, but not by much.” replied Nomi who was puzzled at the revelation.
“How do I get to the land of Zarara this time?” Nomi asked as she looked around anticipating what the bird would tell her.
“Do I have to go to the tree?” she continued.
“No, don’t worry about the portals. I generate them wherever I want them to be. Look!” said the bird as he waved one of his wings.
The mailbox grew and grew and grew until its size was bigger than Nomi.
“Please step inside the mailbox young miss and lower your head a bit. We don’t want you to hit it.” said Maurice.
Nomi stepped into the mailbox and was immediately sucked in into a weird vacuum. A few moments later she opened her eyes and there was Floyd the gate keeper.
“Good day young Miss.” Floyd said.
“It is nice to see you again so soon.” he continued.
“Good day Floyd.” Nomi replied.
“Why am I here this time?” she asked.
“We have a delicate issue in kingdom one sixty five.” replied Floyd.
“Kingdom one sixty five?” asked Nomi.
“Yes, we have to help a certain T-Rex named Bahl Bazaar.” said Floyd.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, I thought T-Rexes were monsters that ate people alive.” said Nomi.
“Don’t worry.” said Floyd.
“It’s not what you think.” he continued.
“Really, so the big T-Rex won’t eat me in one fell swoop.” she asked.
“No. However, he needs your help.” continued Floyd.
“It’s the first time I hear that a T-Rex needs help from a little girl.” Nomi replied.
“In the land of Zarara, everything is not what it seems. By now you must know that young miss.” replied Floyd the guitar.
“I guess so, ok then what do we have to do?” asked Nomi.
“We have to go to the kingdom's door, and then you will be escorted to the T-Rex.” replied Floyd.
“Ok, lead the way.” said Nomi.
“Please follow me.” said Floyd.
Nomi followed Floyd down the corridor. They walked for what seemed like a good ten minutes, down the great white corridor they went. Floyd opened another door and they went down some stairs. Nomi looked around, she could see a huge amount of barrels all around her.
“What is this?”she asked.
“This is where lord Zarara stores his honey.” replied Floyd.
“This is his honey reserve?” replied Nomi, who was looking around amazed at the amount of barrels in the room.
“Yes, Lord Zarara, loves honey.” replied Floyd.
And so they continued downstairs and ended up on the main floor.
“Please keep following me.” said Floyd.
Floyd walked through several rows of barrel and stopped in front of one. He pushed a button on the side of the barrel and the barrel top opened like a door.
“Whoa, too cool!” said Nomi.
“Yes, this is the entry to realm one sixty five. Pleas step in for your adventure.” said Floyd.
Nomi entered the huge barrel and stepped forward. She walked for a bit and ended up in front of another door.
“I guess we have to open that one too.” Nomi thought to herself.
Nomi opened the door and stepped out.
“Whoa, this is really weird.” she said.
Nomi was inside what looked like to be a gym. But it was not a regular gym. It was huge, almost as huge as a stadium. She looked around and she could see some very weird things happening. In one corner far away, she could see a Triceratops doing sit ups.
In another corner she could see a Brachiosaurus punch a huge punching bag with his head. She was mesmerized. She began to walk. She looked to her left. She could see a pterodactyl lifting some weights with a few of his friends.
Everybody stopped their activities when Nomi went by. They looked at the puny little girl. She was so small, going by like there was not a care in the world. Others looked at each other and did not understand why she was there.
Nomi walked for a while, then finally saw a ring in one corner of the gym. The ring was being used by a T-Rex, who was sparring with another one.
“I guess that must be it then.” she murmured.
And so she went to the area. It was huge, several hundred feet in diameter. The T-Rexes were moving around in silly patterns trying to punch each other. Outside the ring was a couple of other athletes who were watching the fight as well as what seemed to be a few representatives of the press.
Nomi kept getting closer until she was by the ring. She started to watch the match and noticed that there was one dog in a corner who was sort of barking orders at the sparring partners in the ring.
Nomi was getting curious and she walked by to the dog. He was a very small fellow. A Bichon Maltese, from what Nomi could see. He was standing up and wore some pants and an old gray flannel shirt.
He was yelling and cursing at the dinosaurs.
“C’mon, you two ugly goofs. You aren’t worth nothing, and to think that I have to tell people that I am coaching you. This is a disgrace!” screamed the small dog at the two belligerents.
Nomi looked at the dog.
“May I inquire who you are, sir?” she asked.
“I am Rufus.” said the dog.
“And who are you?” he replied.
“I am Nomi Nivag. I have been sent here by Lord Zarara.” she replied.
“Oh, so you are the one that’s going to get to put that big goof Bahl Bazaar back on the right track.” replied Rufus, a bit surprised at Nomi’s statement.
“I don’t understand?” said Nomi.
“The big ugly T-Rex that you see over there is named Bahl Bazaar. He is the challenger for the belt of the kingdoms, in boxing. But lately, the silly goof has fallen in love and it has turned sour. He has been going downhill and gained weight. He is out of shape and to make matters worse, he has to face the champion boxer of the realm of Kowe. Their champion's name is Kowah. He will demolish Bahl Bazaar if he does not get his act straight.” said Rufus.
“You mean that I was sent here to resolve a lover’s quarrel?” she asked.
“Looks like it to me.” replied Rufus.
“Well that's no fun. I know nothing about that kind of stuff.” she replied.
“Maybe, but you are a lady. Maybe you can teach Bahl Bazaar to behave with his lady so he can get her back and get on track! We only have a couple of weeks to get that done. I also need him to lose a ton of fat. He has been eating spaghetti as comfort food like crazy since he got dumped last month.” said Rufus.
“You think you are up to it girl?” asked Rufus.
“Maybe, I am not sure.” she replied.
“Very well. We will give it the old high school try.” replied Rufus.
“Hey, Bahl Bazaar. Time! Come on over here!” screamed Rufus to the fighters in the ring.
Bahl Bazaar stopped his match and approached Nomi and Rufus.
“This is Nomi.” said Rufus, presenting the young miss to the T-Rex.
“She will help you with your girl problems.” continued Rufus.
“Is that so?” said Bahl Bazaar who snorted.
“No wonder you have trouble with girls. Your breath stinks of garlic.” said Nomi, who was visibly disgusted at the stench of the air that was blown her way.
“What, you got something against garlic?” said the dinosaur.
“No, I love it, but man your breath stinks! No wonder the misses is not happy with you!” replied Nomi.
“Why you little! …” said an irritated Bahl Bazaar.
“Oh shut up you big goon. You have to listen to the misses here.” said Rufus.
Bahl Bazaar quieted down and got out of the ring.
“I think the first thing first is that we have to take care of your hygiene mister Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
“My hygiene?” said Bahl Bazaar.
“Yes, your hygiene. We have to clean you up from head to toe.” she replied.
“Is there any place we can bring him for a tune up?” asked Nomi to Rufus.
“Well, sure, there are a few beauty salons in town.” replied Rufus.
“Then, that’s where we need to bring him!” replied Nomi.
“Follow me mister Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
Bahl Bazaar looked at Rufus in a strange way.
“Is she for real?” he asked Rufus.
“Of course she is, you goof. Follow her advice and maybe you’ll get Esmeralda back.” said Rufus.
Bahl Bazaar did not know what else to do. He reluctantly followed the girl. They both got out of the gym. They were both on some sort of street of a city. Everything was giant sized to accommodate the animals and dinosaurs that were walking by. Nomi saw a couple of mammoths go by. Then a car full of giant dinosaurs in a convertible with music blasting.
“I am not familiar with the city so you will have to help me out Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
“I don’t want to go to the beauty salon. That stuff is for girls only.” said the T-Rex.
“Oh yes you will!” said Nomi.
“If you want to stand a chance with your girlfriend we need to clean you up, and later train you for your match.” said Nomi.
“But…” said the T-Rex, who was trying to get out of the situation.
“No buts!” said Nomi.
“If you want your girlfriend back, you have to clean and get your act together.” continued Nomi.
“Ok” said the resigned dinosaur.
“The beauty salon is actually not too far from here, a couple of blocks over. Many of my friends come here to use the tanning bed.” said the T-Rex.
“Ok then, let’s go.” said Nomi.
They both walked down the street beside each other. Nomi was pretty tiny besides mister Bahl Bazaar but nonetheless they trekked. As they went along people passing by were giving them all kinds of weird looks. They were wondering what was happening.
They finally reached the beauty salon and they got in.
Nomi climbed the counter and rang the service bell.
An esthetician came and looked at Nomi with a raised eyebrow.
“And what do you want from us today, little girl.” said the dinosaur esthetician.
“I am here with my pal Bahl Bazaar. He needs a tune up.” said Nomi.
The esthetician looked at the roughneck T-Rex from head to toe.
“Looks like your right. He needs something bigger than a tune up, he needs a total overhaul.” she said.
“I can come in another day.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“No, no, no. You are not walking away from this.” said Nomi.
“Darn!” said the T-Rex.
“Do you have room now?” asked Nomi to the esthetician.
“Yes, we have a cancellation. We can fit your friend in the schedule.” replied the esthetician.
“Ok then, let’s work on making a miracle happen.” said Nomi.
And so they went into a room. There they started to work on the T-Rex.
“We need to make sure that you get a good dental clean up.” said Nomi.
The T-Rex looked at Nomi in a strange way.
“Do I really need that?” he asked.
“Yes, you do. You stinky.” Nomi replied.
The esthetician got some sort of jack hammer and gave it to Nomi. Nomi put on some gloves and then a helmet and a visor protector.
“Open your mouth Bahl Bazaar.” she said.
The T-Rex opened his mouth and Nomi took the jackhammer to his denture. She spent a good half hour just cleaning his teeth.
After that, she sat down, exhausted.
“Well, that was not so bad after all.” she said to the dinosaur.
The T-Rex moved his mouth around.
“No, I feel sort of refreshed to be honest.” he replied.
“Step two then.” replied Nomi.
She took a big toothbrush and proceeded to wash Bahl Bazaar teeth. Again she spent half an hour on this.
“You are improving Bahl Bazaar.” she said, sitting down again after she was done.
“Let's get that pedicure and manicure done.” she said to the esthetician.
The esthetician showed a seat to Bahl Bazaar and then they proceeded to give the T-Rex a good do over.
A while later the esthetician announced that it was all done. Bahl Bazaar got up and looked like a million bucks.
“Wow, you look awesome.” said Nomi to the T-Rex.
“I do?” asked Bahl Bazaar.
“Yes, you do, You are going to sweep your girlfriend off her feet.” she replied.
Bahl Bazaar paid the beauty shop and both he and Nomi got out of the establishment and resumed their walk down the street.
“You trainer never told me who you really are Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
“I was the boxing champion of the world.” replied the T-Rex.
“Oh, I get it now. You are a boxer.” said Nomi.
“Yes, a boxer.” replied the dinosaur.
“What happened between you and your girlfriend?”asked Nomi.
“We got into an argument. She says I am too dedicated to boxing and I don't spend enough time with her. So she got upset and we had a fight over that.” said the T-Rex.
“Oh, I am so sorry for you.” said Nomi.
“Don't be.” replied the T-Rex.
“I should have paid more attention to her. She was right.” continued the dinosaur.
“What are you going to do?” asked Nomi.
“I honestly don't know.” replied the T-Rex.
“Last time I left her she was real mad at me. Now I have to find a way to make up for her. I have not talked to her in weeks. I have that championship match coming up and my trainer is pushing me hard, but I am not just into it. I have Esmeralda on my mind all the time. I just can't live without her. She is my everything.” continued Bahl Bazaar.
“I can understand that.” said Nomi.
“I know how hard it is to lose someone.” she continued.
Chapter 2
The group walked down the street for a while. Nomi was still amazed at what went on before her. Everything was gigantic. The animals, the buildings, the vehicles. She felt so small in the scenery. After some time they stopped in front of what seemed to be an apartment complex.
“This is where she lives.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“Ok, do you want to go see her?” replied Nomi.
“Yes, I do, I need to talk to her and try to make up with her. She is my everything. The reason I fight. I want her to be proud of me.” said the T-Rex.
“Ok then, if you are ready, let's do it.” said Nomi.
The T-Rex reached for the building buzzing system and hit the button for Esmeralda’s apartment.
A voice answered a few moments later.
“Who is it?” a voice asked.
“It’s me Bahl Bazaar. I need to talk to you.” said the T-Rex.
“Are you going to behave, or are you going to start ranting like last time.” replied the voice on the speakerphone.
“I promise I will behave, please let me in, I need to talk to you. I have a friend with me and she wants to help me resolve my problems with you Esmeralda. Please I beg you let me in.” said Bahl Bazaar.
There was silence. Nomi and Bahl Bazaar both looked at each other. Then the door of the building unlocked. Bahl Bazaar opened the door and they all went in.
They took an elevator up and then got off on the fourth floor. They then proceeded to walk to her apartment. Bahl Bazaar knocked on the door.
“Hi Esmeralda, it's me Bahl Bazaar please let me in.” said the T-Rex.
There was a sound, then they heard the door getting unlocked. The door opened and there was Esmeralda.
“Hi baby.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“Please come in.” said Esmeralda to the group.
The group stepped inside the apartment.
“I am Nomi Nivag, pleased to meet you.” said the young girl to the other T-Rex.
“My name is Esmeralda. It is nice to meet you too.” replied the female T-Rex.
“I see that you are now involved with that big goof of Bahl Bazaar over there. How come?” asked Esmeralda.
“I was sent here by Lord Zarara. I fix things for him I was asked to help Bahl Bazaar in any way I could.” replied Nomi.
“That is odd, I don't know this Lord Zarara you are talking about, but I guess a friend of Bahl Bazaar is a friend of mine.” replied the T-Rex.
“Can I get you anything?” asked Esmeralda.
“Nope, I am ok for the moment. I just need to understand what is going on between you and Bahl Bazaar so we can help him out.” said Nomi.
“I see.” replied the T-Rex.
“Bahl Bazaar, what is it that you really want.” asked Esmeralda.
“I want to be the champion again. I want to prove to you that I am worthy of the title and worthy of your heart.” said Bahl Bazaar to Esmeralda.
“I see.” replied Esmeralda
“You know what I want from you.” said Esmeralda.
“I know.” said Bahl Bazaar
Nomi looked puzzled by all of this.
“I want commitment.” said Esmeralda.
“I want you to be ready to commit to me. I am not a young T-Rex anymore. And I want a serious T-Rex in my life. I want to have kids before it's too late and I want you to be serious about it. I don't like you going on your trips around the world and all those other girls around you. I want you all to myself. I like you a lot, but I don't want to have to worry if you are going to come back to me all of the time or worry that I am going to get a call and hear that I am getting dumped.” said Esmeralda.
“I am not like that!” said Bahl Bazaar.
“I love you so much, but I have a career to do. Look Esmeralda. I want to be champ for one last time, then I can hang up my gloves and call it quits. I will have enough money gathered from this and I can retire. I have saved a lot of money so far, even if it looks like I did not, but I just want to have one more shot at it and then I am done.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“I hope so. I need you now more than ever. I am willing to wait, but not much longer.” said Esmeralda.
“That's all I need to know.” she continued.
“I can wait too.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“Matters of the heart are always complicated.” said Esmeralda to Nomi.
“Yes, they are.” replied Nomi.
The group left and then went back to the gym.
“We have to train you harder in order for you to win his fight.” said Nomi.
“Indeed we do.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“What do you normally do?” asked Nomi.
“I do a lot of jumping rope.” said the T-Rex.
“Ok, then let’s do some of that.” replied Nomi.
The T-Rex grabbed the rope and started to do some jumps. Every time he landed on the floor, he made Nomi jump as he was shaking the ground like crazy.
Bahl Bazaar did this for a good twenty minutes, then stopped. He went for some dumb bells that were as big as a car for Nomi.
He started to lift those with his jaw, then as he did the same with his tiny arms.
Nomi looked at the scene very impressed. She had never seen a dinosaur do this kind of thing. Usually they would chase the animals around and try to eat them, but this world was all very different than Nomi’s.
“Wow, he can lift the equivalent of a small car just like that. This is crazy.” thought Nomi.
Bahl Bazaar continued various forms of training during all the morning and then the group braked for lunch. They went to a common kitchen where everyone sat down and had their lunch. Some had lunch bags and thermoses, others had ordered restaurant.
Nomi was in awe of all of this. She had seen a ton of dinosaur films, but seeing them for real was surreal for her. All kinds of dinosaurs were there.
“Are they all training to be boxers?” Nomi asked to Bahl Bazaar.
“No, most of them are a wrestler, training at this gym. This is the best gym on this side of the continent. Many of them come here because they can use the best equipment to train. Some of them came here because of the trainers. Again the best are here.” said the T-Rex.
Nomi looked around and understood what was going on.
Bahl Bazaar’s trainer showed up and sat at the table with them.
“Well, I hope your sentimental problems are dealt with.” said Rufus.
“We have to turn you into a champion in less than a few weeks and you are nowhere ready.” said Rufus to Bahl Bazaar.
“You have to lose a ton of weight.” said Rufus.
“I do not!” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“Oh yes you do.” said Rufus.
“You are going to get pummeled into the dirt if you don't smarten up and get serious about what you are going to do.” continued Rufus.
“That champion is a machine, he knocks out his opponent in no time flat. You are lucky that you got injured and had to forfeit the title. The person who took your title lost it to that monkey in no time flat, not even a month later.” said Rufus.
Rufus looked at Nomi.
“It was all over the news. Bahl Bazaar here, broke one of his fingers and could not fight. The boxing federation did not want to wait until he was healed. They would lose too much money. They asked Bahl Bazaar here to forfeit his belt and then they gave the belt to the second ranking fighter in the federation.” said Rufus.
“Then out of nowhere that monkey from Kowe showed up and started his rampage. He took the belt from our federation champion in less than two rounds. We were totally humiliated as a federation. Now they have been bragging about this for the last six months.” continued the dog who was eating his food.
“ Bahl Bazaar was the best at what he did. He used to knock people left and right and attracted crowds like crazy. We have to get all of that back and our pride.” continued Rufus.
“I see that in my world all the time. I watch a lot of wrestling. It's goofy, but fun.” she continued.
The group continued eating some food. Someone brought an assortment of fruit for Nomi which she devoured. Lunch time was soon done and then they went back for training.
“We have to make you lose that fat belly of yours Bahl Bazaar, it simply won't do. It will slow you down and we cannot have that.” said Rufus.
“What do we need to do for this.” said Nomi.
“The only thing we can do is jog and put weight on this leg so he burns more calories.” replied Rufus.
Nomi looked at Bahl Bazaar.
“Do you think you can do this?” she asked.
‘Yes.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
The trainer attached some weight to Bahl Bazaar legs and they went outside. They started to jog in the city. They jogged for several miles.
Bahl Bazaar wasn’t doing so well he was getting winded.
“What's the matter Bahl Bazaar?” asked Rufus.
“I don't know, my wind is not that good, I guess I may have been out of it for too long. I need to build my stamina up again.” he replied.
“Sure looks like it.” said the trainer.
“Don't give up Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
“Look at me. I am running like crazy. Try to catch up with me.” she continued.
Nomi was having a blast, she ran all his time back home and had great stamina.
They finally stopped after a few hours of jogging down the streets of the city.
“I am exhausted! It has been a while since I have done this.” said Bahl Bazaar to Nomi.
They were sitting down on a park bench when suddenly a black limousine drove by. It stopped in front of the group and a door opened.
A tall figure stepped out of the vehicle. It was a strange looking character. It was as high as Bahl Bazaar was but very slender. It looked like a chimpanzee with elongated limbs.
The figure walked to them, accompanied by a few bodyguards.
“Finally, you are training.” said the figure to the T-Rex.
“It's about time you fat dinosaur.” continued the figure.
“Kowah, I don't need this.” replied Bahl Bazaar who had recognized his opponent.
“What, are you scared of me. Afraid I can beat you?” replied the monkey.
“I know I can beat you. I was a fluke that you got the title Kowah.” replied the dinosaur.
“It was no fluke at all. I deserved it. I am the champion. When we fight I will totally destroy you and show the world that you were the fluke.” replied the character.
“Hey there, watch your words.” said Nomi.
“Yes, watch your words. You are not scaring us you tall baboon.” said Rufus.
“You are very rude to barge in like this.” said Nomi.
“And who is this puny girl?” said Kowah.
“My name is Nomi Nivag. I am a special trainer for my friend here.” said a defiant Nomi.
“He is worthless, he does not deserve to be trained. You are wasting your time little girl.” replied the monkey.
“I don't need to be taught any lesson. You better watch your words, I don't like bullies.” said Nomi.
“And what are you going to do about it.” said Kowah.
Bahl Bazaar got off the bench and got in between Nomi and Kowah.
“Knock it off, this is not the time nor the place for your antics.” said Bahl Bazaar.
This enraged Kowah who shoved Bahl Bazaar to the side. Bahl Bazaar rolled to the floor and let a scream of pain.
“My finger, it's broken again.” said the T-Rex, who was reeling in pain.
Kowah looked at the scene disgusted.
“Bah, you are faking your way out again. I will meet you in two weeks. You better be prepared to be pummeled into the floor of the stadium.” said the vain monkey.
“As for your little girl, interfere again and I will show you what real pain is.” he continued.
“Let’s leave this sorry group.” said Kowah to his bodyguards.
Kowah got in his limousine and left. Nomi rushed to Bahl Bazaar’s help.
“Are you ok?” she asked.
“No, I am not, my finger is broken again. I won't be able to fight.” replied the T-Rex.
“Don't say that, let us get you to a hospital.” said Nomi.
Nomi and Rufus helped Bahl Bazaar get up and they walked him to a hospital.
A few hours passed and a doctor came by.
“His finger is severely injured, he has to keep it stationary and avoid putting pressure on it.” said the Brachiosaurus doctor to the group who was waiting in the room.
“Well, that went well. We are never going to win this now.” said Rufus.
“No, don't despair. We will find a way.” replied Nomi.
“How can he fight? He is not going to be able to pull through.” said Rufus.
“We will help him in any way we can. We won't let him down. He has worked so hard for this. He wants to be a champion again. I know he won't give up on his dream.” said Nomi.
Nomi and Rufus went to Bahl Bazaar’s room where he was.
“How are you feeling?” said Nomi.
“I don't feel good said Bahl Bazaar. They gave me anti pain medicine but I know I won't be able to fight.” said the saddened dinosaur.
“Don't say that Bahl Bazaar. I know you can make it. The fight is still a few weeks away. You can still make it. I know you can.” replied Nomi.
“I doubt it.” replied the T-Rex.
“We will train you to get back your stamina while you heal your finger. We will leave your hand alone and make you lose all the excess weight that you have.” said Nomi.
“You think I can make it?” asked the dinosaur.
“I know you can. Don't give up. That's all you need to do.” replied Nomi.
“Here lets go sign you out and then we will go see Esmeralda. I know she will cheer you up.” said Nomi.
The group signed off on the hospital paperwork and then travelled back to Esmeralda apartment.
“I am so sorry.” said Esmeralda when she saw what happened to her boyfriend.
She got up and hugged and kissed him.
That put a smile on Bahl Bazaar’s face.
“See, I knew she could cheer you up you big silly T-Rex.” said Nomi.
“I know she is the best. That is why I love her so much.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“What are you going to do.” said Esmeralda.
“I am going to train with Nomi and Rufus until the day of the fight. I am not backing down from it.” said the dinosaur.
“I don't want you to get hurt honey. You know I can't stand these fights. I hate them.” said Esmeralda.
“I know Esmeralda but it's something I have to do. I just can't back down now.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“I will throw everything I go into this. I need to succeed.” he continued.
“I know you do, but you cannot sacrifice your health. I don't want you to be permanently injured.” replied Esmeralda.
“I won't, I will take every precaution to make sure I am not hurt any further.” replied the T-Rex.
The group had lunch and planned the training that Bahl Bazaar would have to do.
There was a sense of febrility in the air the next morning.
Nomi jumped into some gym suit that Esmeralda made for her and the group began to jog to build Bahl Bazaar’s cardiovascular system.
“I like jogging with you Nomi, it's fun.” said Bahl Bazaar.
They were both running, Nomi of course was a bit behind as she could not follow the T-Rex but he was keeping a good pace for his training. The days went by and the training was going well. Bahl Bazaar was losing weight and his sore finger was getting better. He was dating Esmeralda and the situation between them got better as they were rekindling old feelings they had for each other. It was great.
The promoters were beating the drums for the fight. Publicity was dispersed around the world for the fight. It was described as the championship fight of the century, the best pugilist from both sides of the planet were finally going to meet in a glorious event. Bahl Bazaar and Nomi did TV interviews for the press.
They announced their intention to win the fight. And that they were training hard for what was coming ahead. Bahl Bazaar was also offered a few lucrative deals for this fight and he accepted them.
Later, in the training gym, Rufus and Nomi were examining their protege…
“We have to test your finger now.” said Nomi.
Bahl Bazaar removed the bandages from his finger.
“How does it feel?” asked Nomi
“It feels very numb. I am not sure if it has healed.” he replied.
Can you flex it a bit so I can see.” asked Nomi.
Bahl Bazaar started to flex his finger.
“And now, how does it feel.” asked Nomi.
“It's sore, but I can bend it now.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“That's good. We will find you a protector for it while you train and avoid any stress on it until the night of the fight.” said Rufus.
The group trained for several days and were making good progress. Bahl Bazaar was losing weight and was gaining in stamina. Everyone was very happy about the progress.
Time passed without any incidents and the night of the fight was looming close.
The fight was to be in the hometown of the pretender. It was the best venue with a huge stadium that could sit a few hundred thousand people.
Bahl Bazaar brought Nomi to the stadium to show how big it was.
“This is where we are going to fight.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“Wow, this is insane, it is humongous.” she said.
“Yes, it is one of the biggest stadiums in this hemisphere. A lot of great events were held here over the years. I actually won my first championship here. It is amazing to perform before such a gigantic crowd.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
“Yes, it must have been nerve wracking.” said Nomi.
“Yes, very. The feeling is beyond belief. I felt like the whole planet was cheering for me when I won. It was so intense.” replied the T-Rex.
“Do you miss it?” asked Nomi.
“Yes, I do, it's nice when you are on top of the world, people cheer you up and it gives you a lot of energy and its energy that you can give back to the people. When I was champ I went to do a lot of charity work and met a ton of kids, in hospital, at school, everywhere. I made them feel better, they were so proud of me.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“But all of that stopped when I lost the championship and I became a nobody. It was really depressing for me to go thru all of that. I was the king then nothing.” continued the T-Rex.
“ It's the way things work. Some days you are on the top of the world and then you are just at the bottom of the mountain. You just have to climb it again.” said Nomi.
“Yes, I agree.” said Bahl Bazaar.
They got back home and trained harder for the next few days. Time passed by very quickly for the group and crunch time was coming up.
Chapter 3
It was the night of the fight. Nomi and Bahl Bazaar and her trainer were in the locker room. Preparing Bahl Bazaar.
“Do you think you will be able to pull through?” asked Rufus.
“I think I will be able to do it.” said the T-Rex.
“Let me tape that finger really tight so you don't suffer too much.” replied the trainer.
Rufus took a huge roll of tape and started to tape Bahl Bazaar’s finger so that it would be stable during the fight. After that they put the gloves on the ex-champion.
A few minutes after…
“There you go Bahl Bazaar! All ready for the fight with that monkey. I want you to kick his behind. He deserves one good lesson after all they did to you.” said Rufus.
“Yes, I am fond of the idea of teaching him a lesson he won't forget.” replied the dinosaur.
Nomi was standing there with a towel that fitted her more like a bedspread.
They could hear some rumbling going on. It was the crowd. They were gathering in the stadium and they were showing their enthusiasm for the fight. A lot of sports newscaster said that this was the comeback of the century. The last chance for Bahl Bazaar to show off what he was made of.
Commentators were talking on their respective sports channel and reporting the news of the fight live for the world to follow.
“Here we are tonight at the Cretaceous Stadium for the fight of the century. We have our local champion Bahl Bazaar pitted against the current boxing champion of Kowe!”
“This is going to be an interesting match as the two opponents have two very different boxing styles.” said one of the newscaster.
All around, people were grabbing their seats and getting their stuff from the concession stands. It was feverish and fun to be there.
Inside the locker room the tension began to mount for Bahl Bazaar. The moment of truth had arrived. All those weeks of training were now going to be put to the ultimate test.
“What if I am not ready?” said Bahl Bazaar to Nomi.
“Yes, you are ready Bahl Bazaar, don't worry! All you have to do is go in there and do what you do best. We need to teach that monkey that he cannot bully people around. What he did to you was unforgivable. It was not fair for him to do that to you.” said Nomi.
“Yes, I agree. It was not right at all. It was real unsportsmanlike to come after me that way.” replied the T-Rex.
“Are you ready to slip on your robe?” said the trainer to the T-Rex.
“Yes, I am.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
Nomi grabbed a ladder and helped Bahl Bazaar slip on his peignoir. He was ready.
A few moments later someone came in the room and told them that it was time to come to the ring.
The group left the room and started to head down the corridor.
“You'll do fine, don't worry Bahl Bazaar.” said Nomi.
“I hope so, a lot is riding on this one.” said the T-Rex.
And so they went down the alley and finally emerged in the stadium. The crowd roared when they saw their local champion come out, on his way to the ring.
Nomi was in shock at how loud everything was. They approached the ring escorted by some body guards. It took several minutes to reach the ring and they finally got to it.
Then the stadium became silent for a few minutes, people were waiting for Kowah to show up. After another few minutes the champion appeared and the crowd started to boo and hiss on him.
He was approaching the ring with a bunch of his entourage. He was wearing a red robe and he had a crown on his head.
He finally got into the ring and entered it. He went straight to Bahl Bazaar who was waiting in his corner.
“I will take you down son.” said the monkey to the T-Rex.
Bahl Bazaar surprised at that turn of event looked around not knowing what to do.
“Don't let him get to you. He is just a big bully! You can take him and show the world what a loser he is.” said Nomi.
“He sure look mean today.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“Don't sweat it. You can take him.” replied Nomi.
The announcer finally stepped in the ring. He raised his microphone and began to speak.
“Ladies and gentlemen, the boxing federation appreciates your presence tonight. We have for you the match of the century.” said the ring announcer.
“In the blue corner. We have the local champion weighing in at fifteen thousands and four hundred pounds. He is the master of the ring…. Say his name!” said the announcer to the crowd.
“Bahl Bazaar!” said the crowd.
“Yes, ladies and gentlemen, Bahl Bazaar in all of his glory for you.” continued the announcer.
“And we have in the red corner the champion of Kowe. Weighing in at three hundred pounds. The current champion of champions. I say his name to you. Kowah, the great!” roared the announcer in his microphone.
The crowd roared back and hissed.
“This fight is scheduled for fifteen rounds. Tonight's referee is Daniel Langley.” continued the ring announcer.
The referee stepped in the ring and asked the two fighters to approach the middle of the ring.
He gave his instructions.
“I want a clean fight tonight. No blows under the belt, kicks or any other non boxing move will be tolerated and if you attempt to do that, I will send you to your corner and you will get penalized on your final score. May the best fighter win.” said the referee.
He broke the two fighters off and asked them to go wait for the bell in their respective corners.
The fighters went to their corner to wait for the start of the match.
“Are you ready.” said the trainer.
“Yes, I am.” said Bahl Bazaar.
Bahl Bazaar looked at Nomi.
“Wish me luck kid.”
“Good luck!” she replied, giving the T-Rex the thumbs up.
The bell rang and the two fighters rushed to the middle of the ring and began throwing punches at each other.
The monkey was the faster of the two so he easily landed a few good blows to Bahl Bazaar’s face. This shook the T-Rex, who did not expect this to happen so quickly. Bahl Bazaar shook the cobwebs off. The fighters waltzed around for a bit trying to size each other up.
Bahl Bazaar was trying to find an opening to lay in a few good punches to Kowah. The latter was teasing Bahl Bazaar with some rants to make him lose his concentration.
“You are nothing Bahl Bazaar, you are just trash, you are nothing I tell you.” said the monkey.
They were going in circles throwing some punch at each other.
Bahl Bazaar was finally able to land a few blows that shook the monkey up a little, but Kowah was still too fresh and was dancing around mocking Bahl Bazaar.
Time went on and the bell rang for the end of the round.
The fighters went both in their corner.
Bahl Bazaar sat down…
“He is too darn quick!” he said.
“I can't hit him, he is going to get me with his speed.” he said to Rufus.
“Don't say that kid! He is nothing. If you land a few good blows, he is going to get knocked out. This is what you have to go for, your power punch. That power punch made you a champion. You just have to find an opening to put it in and you will win.” continued Rufus.
“Yes!” said Bahl Bazaar but he is like a hummingbird, he is everywhere and nowhere at the same time.” said Bahl Bazaar.
The bell rang again and Bahl Bazaar had to get up. He was moving around in the ring. Trying to land some blows to the monkey, but it was hard. He could not get a punch in. The monkey was moving around too quickly. He was side stepping everything that Bahl Bazaar was throwing at him.
But Bahl Bazaar did not get discouraged, he swung and swung and sidestepped Kowah blows as much as he could.
Bahl Bazaar got a few more hits in the face, which made him groggy. He started to stumble.
The crowd got up in dismay trying to find out what was going to happen next.
Nomi was watching the scene unfold in the corner.
“Oh no. This is not good.” she said.
Bahl Bazaar was having a hard time regaining his composure. Kowah landed a few more blows in his face.
The bell rang just in time to save Bahl Bazaar who went back to his corner to rest. The trainer threw water in his face.
“You are getting pummeled out kid. What is wrong with you? Don't you want to win this. You have to avoid his blows. You have to adjust to him. Outsmart him. I want you to win so you can retire a happy T-Rex, you hear!” screamed Rufus to his protege.
“Yes, yes.” said Bahl Bazaar who was breathing heavy.
Nomi looked at the situation and began to worry. Bahl Bazaar was getting beaten. It was like he did not care. His heart was not into it. She decided to do something about it. She ran to the nearest pay phone and popped in money into it with the help of another kind dinosaur who helped her with the gigantic device. It was time for an important phone call.
Meanwhile the third round had begun. It was not going well. Bahl Bazaar was getting hammered by the quickness of Kowah.
His trainer was screaming at him.
“Defend yourself, you big goof, don’t let him hit you. Defend yourself or you will go down.” screamed Rufus.
Bahl Bazaar started to dance in the ring more feverishly.
He took a few blows, but he landed a few blows to the jaw of the money which finally shook him.
Bahl Bazaar was finally getting in the fight, but the champion was still giving him a hard time. The monkey was dancing and Bahl Bazaar was having a hard time to follow even if he had accelerated his own pace.
The subsequent rounds went by and the same thing was happening over and over. Bahl Bazaar was getting pummeled and Kowah was getting his way.
Esmeralda arrived at the stadium where Nomi was waiting for her in the locker room where she came in.
“Your T-Rex needs you Esmeralda! He needs you more than ever. He is getting pummeled. He needs to know what he is fighting for. He need you by the ring. This is the only way he is going to start doing what he does best.” said Nomi to Esmeralda as soon as she saw her.
“You think so? I have never been in the ring with him. I do not like to see him getting hit, it hurts me every time. It is something I do not like to see.” replied Esmeralda.
“He needs you no more than ever Esmeralda. You need to put your fears away and show him that you care. You need to show him that you will do anything for him, no matter what the situation!” replied Nomi.
“I guess you are right. I know I was unsupportive in his career. I know you are right to say that he needs me.” replied the female T-Rex.
“Yes, he does. It will save him. I know it. Trust me!” said Nomi.
They both left the locker room and headed for the ring. The current round had just ended when they reached Bahl Bazaar’s corner.
Esmeralda came by Bahl Bazaar.
“Bahl Bazaar, you need to win this my love. You can do it. He is just a bully and he does not deserve to be a champion. Everyone is counting on you to bring the championship home. I want you to become the greatest champion of all time.” said Esmeralda to s surprised Bahl Bazaar.
“I will.” said Bahl Bazaar who suddenly felt a tremendous rush of energy surge into his body.
The bell rang again and Bahl Bazaar got up. He went and swung at Kowah and hit him a few times. The monkey still continued to do his weird dance, mocking the T-Rex. He was swinging and putting his glove up in front of the T-Rex and doing other antics.
“You can't hit me! You won’t win. You are nothing. You are less than nothing.” said the taunting monkey.
Bahl Bazaar kept swinging trying to hit his opponent. He was breathing heavy.
The bell rang again and Bahl Bazaar went into his corner.
“He is burning me with his speed!” said Bahl Bazaar.
“He moves too much. Too quick for me. There is no way I can beat him.” continued the discouraged T-Rex.
“There is a way. You need to bring him back to you. You need to stop his pace and he will fall.” said Rufus.
“I want you to stay in place. After a while he won't have no option that to try to mount a frontal offensive on your. This is where you will get him. He will get closer to you and you will be able to engage him and hopefully be able to land a few good blows to knock him out. You are tuff as iron. All you have to do is take a few hard punches and wait for an opening. He will make a mistake and then you can open up to him and win this fight. Do you get me Bahl Bazaar.” said Rufus.
“Yes, that is what I will do. I will follow your strategy.” replied Bahl Bazaar.
The bell rang for the fourteenth round. Both opponents got up and went at each other.
Bahl Bazaar stayed still, his guard raised up. Kowah was dancing in front of him trying to hit him, but he could not. Bahl Bazaar was avoiding his blows. Kowah was starting to get upset. The match was coming to an end and he was looking for a quick knockout which was not happening.
He got closer to Bahl Bazaar, which is exactly what he wanted. Kowah sent a few good blows that hit Bahl Bazaar straight in his body. The pain was really harsh for Bahl Bazaar but he held on. He waited for an opening. Kowah was still punching at him.
Then Bahl Bazaar saw his opening come up. He took a shot at Kowah in the ribs. That sent Kowah reeling in pain.
Bahl Bazaar went forward and then started to punch Kowah in the ribs, in the face which shook the champion.
The crowd in the stadium went wild. The TV announcers could not believe what has gone on before their eyes. It looked like Bahl Bazaar was making his comeback.
Bahl Bazaar kept going at it. Kowah was getting dismantled and was starting to lower his guard. Bahl Bazaar took advantage of that and landed some well placed hits. He finally swung and hit the jaw of Kowah who was sent to the floor.
The referee stepped in and started to count Kowah who was trying to get up from the blow.
The referee was almost at the end of his count and Kowah was not getting up.
The count ended. Everybody got up and roared and screamed. Their favorite had become champion once more. Everybody was ecstatic. A ton of people jumped in the ring. To get the first interview from the champion. Nomi, Esmeralda and Rufus stepped in the ring and went to Bahl Bazaar. Nomi hugged the champion and was smiling.
Bahl Bazaar had won his fight, he was the champion now. He was so happy. Esmeralda kissed her boyfriend. She was so happy that Bahl Bazaar had finally found the courage he needed to become the champion.
The announcer came to the ring to announce the final decision of the referees.
“We have the final decision of the judges. It is a very close decision, but the fight went to the new champion Bahl Bazaar!” said the ring announcer.
The crowd went wild. They were cheering and Bahl Bazaar was enjoying every moment of it. He got his glory back and he won the best prize of them all. He won his girlfriend back again. He was in heaven.
The fight was over and everyone went back to the locker and the people left the stadium happy that a local had won the coveted title.
In the locker room Esmeralda went to Nomi.
“You can spend the night back at my place if you want to Nomi. It's late and you should get some rest. It was a very hard day for all of us.” she said.
“I will make you some hot chocolate and we can have some girl talk if you want.” Esmeralda continued.
“I sure would not mind that.” replied Nomi.
Esmeralda went back to her place with Nomi while Bahl Bazaar went to the hospital to get his bruises checked.
Morning came by again. Nomi woke up and Esmeralda had prepared her a good healthy breakfast.
Nomi thanked Esmeralda for the lovely rest of the evening and the breakfast they just had together.
“He is at the gym this morning. He phoned me and said he was waiting there for you.” said Esmeralda.
“Thank you Esmeralda, you are so lovely, no wonder he is so in love with you, you are so kind.” said Nomi.
“Yes, I love that big goofy brute. He looks rough on the outside, but he has a very soft heart on the inside. He is very generous and considerate and he has a kid’s heart. I love him because he is so funny too.” replied Esmeralda.
Nomi left with Esmeralda and went back to the gym. She went in and got greeted by Rufus.
“You did good kid, I am very happy that Bahl Bazaar is the new champion. He has proven himself worthy. I like the fact that you used the girlfriend trick to motivate him.” said Rufus.
“Yes, that was my intent. I wanted to show him what he was fighting for.” replied Nomi.
Bahl Bazaar came by when he saw Nomi.
“I am so happy Nomi, I owe it all to you. I am champion again and Esmeralda is crazy about me. She loves me so much.” said Bahl Bazaar.
“I am happy for you to Bahl Bazaar. I am very proud of you. You have proven that hard work pays off.” replied Nomi.
“Yes.” said Bahl Bazaar has he bent down.
“Please give old Bahl Bazaar a kiss.” he said.
Nomi went and kissed Bahl Bazaar on the cheek.
She hugged the champion. Bahl Bazaar shed a tear.
“I am going to miss you so much. You helped me get my life back, my girlfriend and my self-esteem back.” said the T-Rex.
“You never had lost it Bahl Bazaar, you just had it inside you all that time, it was just switched off. You just needed help to switch it back on. You have now realized your dream. I am so happy for you.” Nomi replied.
“You are the best trainer, I have seen. I am proud of your kid, you did the impossible with this big goof. You brought the champion out of him. It was an almost impossible mission, but you did it.” said Rufus.
“I shall miss you also.” said Rufus.
“I shall miss you too.” said Nomi as she hugged the little dog.
“I shall miss you too said Esmeralda. Please come back at any time. We want you to visit as often as you can. You are so lovely and have done so much for us. We owe you everything.” said Esmeralda.
Nomi waved them goodbye and went back to the locker room and a portal door opened for her. She walked in and ended up in front of a door. She opened the door and got out.
“Did you have fun Nomi?” asked Floyd
“Yes, I did, I helped a champion today.” she replied.
“That is very nice of you.” replied Floyd
“You see, you can make a difference if you apply yourself to hard work. You can change things for the better.” continued Floyd.
“Here is your reward Nomi. A golden egg.” said Floyd, who gave Nomi her reward.
They walked down the long white corridor and then Floyd opened the door for her. Nomi stepped in and was back into your reality.
“Welcome back Nomi.” said Maurice.
“Thank you Maurice. That adventure was pretty wild.” she said.
“I saw some big dinosaurs and I worked with a champion and it was so cool.” Nomi said.
“That is nice. I am happy that you liked that adventure.” replied the bird.
“I will have other work for you pretty soon. So keep an eye out for me.” said Maurice.
“I sure will.” said Nomi.
Nomi left and started to walk back home. She finally reached home and went to the barn where her father was working on one of his tractors.
“Hi Dad, how are you.” asked Nomi.
“I am fine Nomi, I am working on grandpa's old tractor. I am trying to bring it back to life. I need more tractors for the hay season and hopefully I can bring this one back to life.
“What are you up to?” said Nomi father.
“I was out somewhere and found another egg, here look.” said Nomi, showing her father another golden egg.
“Nomi, you will have to tell me where you are getting those.” said her father.
“If you are stealing. I will be most unhappy.” he continued.
“No father, I promise you that I am not stealing. I really cannot explain it. You would not believe me anyways.” she continued.
“Ok, I will respect that, but I want to make sure we do not get into trouble.” said Nomi’s father.
“No, we won't father. I promise.” replied Nomi.
Nomi and her father went home for supper.
After that wonderful feast Nomi went to the living room where Brendan was sitting in front of the family computer.
Brendan was watching some cartoon that featured some characters fighting in a boxing match.
“Mmmm, how odd that Brendan is watching this after I come back from the Land of Zarara. Oh well, I guess it just random events.” thought Nomi.
Nomi sat down beside Brendan and watched what was on the screen. Brendan turned to Nomi and smiled.
The end for now.

Next….

What strange adventures will Nomi run into in the Land of Zarara?
What great perils will Nomi face?
All these and a ton more questions in the next adventure of Nomi Nivag. Coming soon!!!









Nomi Nivag and the Loss of Brendan
Bruno Bernier
Copyright 2014 by Bruno Bernier
Smashwords Edition
Chapter 1
“This is Raymond Carr and this is the local news. The city of Fredericton is in a state of high alert. Emergency crews and rescue teams are out searching for little Brendan Nivag. He has disappeared and his family fears the worst. Brendan is autistic and almost non verbal. He had last been seen playing around the family house, but has disappeared over twelve hours ago. The family is asking for help in helping find the missing child. Here is his photo. If you have seen him, please contact your local law enforcement location to advise them.” said the news anchorman on the set of his network television studio.
Fourteen hours ago in Petersburg, New-Brunswick…
“Nomi, can you take your brother out to go play outside please. He is spending too much time in front of his computer as it is.” said Nomi’s mother to the young miss.
“Yes, mom. I was going out anyways. I will go take him for a bike ride.” replied the young woman.
Nomi dressed her little brother up. She put some sunscreen on the little boy.
“There you go, you won’t look like a lobster when we get back from play.” she said.
“Now put your sneakers on, little man.” she continued.
Brendan went and grabbed his sneakers and put them on. The 10 year old boy was able to do many things on his own, but still needed help in many respects.
Nomi opened the door and let her brother pass before her. They walked to their respective bicycles.
“Here, let me help you.” said Nomi when she saw Brendan just standing in front of his bicycle.
Nomi grabbed her little brother from the sides and helped him get on his bicycle. He had a very nice bicycle with training wheels. He followed Nomi all the time when they were together. They would ride in the large expenses of the driveway and on the lawn of the house. They would also go riding in a small gravel pit close by. Nomi liked to jump the bumps. It gave her thrill to be in the air with her bicycle. She missed a few landings and got a few bruises, but she always got back on her bike.
Brendan would always try to follow as best and as fast as he could. He could not pedal very quickly, but he made progress every day. It was hard for him to reach the proper amount of coordination to ride the bicycle quickly. Nomi was giving him a show most of the time. Doing bicycle tricks while Brendan watched. He giggled when Nomi goofed around for him.
And so they rode around the farm in the usual manner. When suddenly she heard her father calling her from the barn.
“Nomi, are you out there?” asked a voice coming from the barn.
Nomi stopped in front of the barn which had its door slightly opened.
“Yes, I am.” she replied.
“Can you come here real quick and give me a hand. I am under the tractor trying to put a part on and I need another size of socket for my ratchet. Can you give me a size 20 please.” said Nomi’s father.
“Now you stay here Brendan and don’t move while I go help dad real quick.” said Nomi to her little brother who had stopped in front of the barn with her.
Nomi went in and looked around.
“Where is that socket daddy?” she asked.
“It's in the toolbox on top of the table over there.” replied Nomi’s father.
Nomi went to look for the socket in the toolbox. She looked for several seconds and finally found it. She grabbed it and gave it to her father.
“Thanks Nomi.” replied her dad.
“No problem daddy.” replied the young miss.
Nomi went back outside and to her surprise Brendan’s bicycle was there, but he was not.
“Brendan, where are you now?” she screamed.
There was no answer.
“Where are you hiding little man? You did not tell me that you wanted to play hide and seek.” she screamed.
Again, there was no answer. Nomi was puzzled. She started to look around the barn but could not find any signs of her little brother. She decided to run to the house to see if her brother had decided to go to it.
Nomi rushed to the door and opened it.
“Mom, have you seen Brendan?” Nomi asked her mother who was cooking some meal.
“No, I have not. Where is he?” asked her mother.
“We were biking around the barn and dad asked me to do something. I asked him to wait for me outside and when I came out of the barn, he was gone.” replied Nomi.
“Did you look for him at his usual spots?” asked her mother.
“Yes, I just can’t find him, mom.” she replied.
“Oh no. This is not good.” replied Nomi’s mother who dropped everything and rushed outside.
“Brendan, Brendan, where are you?” screamed Nomi’s mother outside of the house.
The commotion brought Nomi’s father out of the barn.
“What is going on?” he shouted to his wife and Nomi.
“We lost Brendan, John!” she screamed.
“No.” said Nomi’s father who grew very pale.
“We have to find him.” he replied.
Nomi’s father wiped his hands with a rag very quickly and started to run around to see if they could find their son. Nomi and her mother were following her father’s frantic pace.
“Where are you Brendan? Please show yourself.” screamed Nomi’s father.
They searched for half an hour, but Brendan was nowhere to be seen. Nomi’s father got in his pickup truck.
“I am going to take the truck and search around with Nomi. Please call my brother and tell him I need is help right now.” said John to his wife.
Jennifer ran into the house and grabbed the phone as the pickup truck sped away. She frantically dialed her brother in law’s phone number. The phone rang several times and finally she got an answer.
“Yes, what’s up?” said the voice over the phone.
“Peter, it’s me. Jennifer. We need your help. We lost Brendan and we need help to look for him, please.” said the woman with a trembling voice.
“I will be there as fast as I can Jennifer. Hold tight. We will get Brendan back.” replied Peter over the phone.
Peter got out of his house and ran to his pickup truck and jumped in. He sped away, raising dust in his wake. He drove as fast as he could and reached the Nivags homestead in a matter of minutes. He quickly parked his truck and rushed in the house to find Nomi’s mother.
“What happened?” he asked.
“I don’t know. Nomi was riding with him and left him unattended for a moment. When she came back for him, he was gone. It’s like he’s vanished.” she said sobbing.
“I guess you looked around the farm.” Peter asked.
“Yes, we did. We checked all the usual spots but he was not in any of them.” she replied.
“I am sorry Jennifer.” Peter replied.
“I’ll call in some friends. We will find your boy, don’t worry.” continued Peter.
Peter reached out for his cell phone and started to dial in some of his friends. Nomi’s mother decided to call the Local law enforcement division to get some help. She dialed in 911 and got a quick response from the local division.
“Yes, I would like to report that my son has disappeared. He is autistic and cannot speak or alert us as to where he is. We need help.” said Nomi’s mother over the phone.
“We will send an officer.” said the dispatch.
“Unit 2-5, this is agent Sandra McDonald. Identification 98745. I need to have a car sent to address 425 kings road in Petersburg. Possible missing child. Need immediate assistance. Do you copy?” said the dispatcher over her microphone.
“Agent 98745, this is unit 2-5 I copy you loud and clear. I am on my way now.” replied the officer.
Reginald Winslow was a man in his mid forties. He has had a good career so far. He liked to serve and protect people, but these are the situations that he feared the most. He did not like the idea of a child that is lost or in peril. Most of the time this sort of situation ended up in tragedy.
He turned on the emergency lights and the siren of his vehicle and sped towards the address that was given to him. His GPS helped him navigate to the farm as he was not familiar with the area. He finally arrived after half an hour of driving. He parked his vehicle in the driveway and got out. He was a tall and slender man with a pencil thin mustache, very friendly looking.
He rushed to the door or the farmhouse and knocked on it.
“Hello, anybody home?” he asked.
Nomi mom’s answered the door a few moments later.
“Oh, good day officer, thank you for coming here so quickly. My name is Jennifer Nivag.” said Nomi’s mom.
“Nice to meet you Ma’am’. My name is Reginald Winslow.” replied the officer.
“What is the situation?” he asked.
“Our daughter and son were playing outside. She left him alone for a few moments and he disappeared. We have searched all around, but cannot find him. My husband and his brother are out looking for him.” she said.
“I suppose that the usual spots where he likes to be have been verified?” asked the officer.
“Yes, we found no trace of him. He is autistic so he cannot answer our calls for him. The only thing he does when we call him is that he comes to us.” replied Nomi’s mother.
“Anything else you can say to me that might help us locate your son Ma’am?” asked officer Winslow.
“Here is his photo. It is a recent one. It may help.” she replied as she gave it to the officer.
“I am sure it will help. Appreciated. I will go call the station and see what we can do for you. I will be back in a few minutes.” replied the officer.
Officer Winslow went back to the car and called his home station.
“Home base, this is Officer Winslow. We have a lost boy and I may need some more help. Can you contact the local search and rescue team and see if they can start to be on standby just in case we need them. I may also need some local volunteers to help. I am at 425 kings road in Petersburg.” said the officer to his car microphone system.
“We acknowledge your request Officer Winslow. We will start working on this right away.” replied the dispatch over the radio.
“Do you need anything else officer?” continued the dispatch.
“I need some divine intervention so that can be resolved quickly.” he replied.
“Yes, I understand, this is not the best of circumstances for an officer.” replied the dispatch.
“No, it is not. But we will do our best to find this little man as soon as we can. Over and out.” replied Officer Winslow.
Officer Winslow got out of the car and went back to Nomi’s mother.
“I have called into the station and asked for some back up and have the search team stand by in case we don’t find your son quickly Ma’am.” said Officer Winslow.
“Thank you kindly.” said Nomi’s mother.
“Where did your husband go to?” asked Officer Winslow.
“He went with Nomi, my daughter, down the road. There are some trails that lead to a lake. They wanted to go check that out.” replied Nomi’s mom.
“Do they have a cell phone on them? So that I can call them and join them?” asked Officer Winslow.
“Yes, in fact, they do. Here is their phone number…” she replied.
Nomi’s mom gave Officer Winslow her husband’s number. He got back in his car and drove off. He called the cell phone number. It rang a few times and then a young girl answered.
“Can I ask who is speaking?” said Officer Winslow.
“I am Nomi Nivag. Who are you?” responded Nomi over the cell she had.
“I am Officer Reginald Winslow. I have been called to help you find your brother.” he replied.
“Can you tell me where you are located?” he asked.
“We are down the road. We are stopped and we are calling out for him. I guess we are not too far from home.” replied Nomi.
“OK, can you stay in that location so I can join with you so I can help you find your brother.” asked the officer.
“Yes, I will tell my dad.” said Nomi.
“I am not too far away, I think. I should be there pretty quick.” said the officer.
Officer Winslow accelerated his vehicle and sped down the dirt road as fast as he could. A few minutes later he reached a black pickup truck. Nomi was there waiting for the officer.
Officer Winslow stopped his vehicle and quickly got out.
“Hi there, young miss. I am Officer Winslow, the person who spoke to you a few minutes ago. I am here to help. Where is your father?” said the tall man.
“He is out looking for Brendan. He dropped me off here to wait for you. I am so sorry. I did not mean for any of this to happen.” said Nomi.
“Do not worry about this. The important thing now is to find your brother and bring him back home. This is our mission right now. Me, you and everyone else involved. We want your little brother safe.” replied Officer Winslow.
Elsewhere, far away from our own universe Timrin Lord Zarara’s advisor came to his Lord.
“My lord, We have disturbing news. It seems that Nomi’s brother is missing.” said the advisor with a concerned look on his face.
“This could have dire consequences for us.” he continued.
Lord Zarara who was sitting on his throne was lost in his thoughts.
“Yes, there is nothing I can do for Nomi, even if she did a lot of things for me. I can only wish her good luck. I am sure she will find her little brother.” said Lord Zarara.
“I understand, my lord. Such a tragedy to have a cherished one lost.” said Timrin.
Back in our own universe Nomi was talking to Officer Winslow. She explained to him what had happened as he was writing some notes for his police report.
“Did you go to unusual places with your brother?” asked Officer Winslow.
“Sometimes we go to the lake close by.” replied Nomi.
“Do you think he might have gone there?” asked the officer.
“I don’t think so. It has been a long time since we went.” she replied.
“I am told that some autistic children have very good memory and they can remember details that other ordinary people easily forget. Do you think your brother might have remembered a place he liked and went there?” asked the officer.
“I am not sure.” said Nomi.
“Ok, I am sure he could not have gotten too far. Where did your father go exactly?” the officer asked.
“He went with my uncle to check the lake. Just in case. They are not back yet.” she replied.
“Ok, that’s all right. Can you show me the way to go to that spot?” asked the officer.
Nomi led Officer Winslow to the lake. It was a bit of a downhill walk, but it did not take too much time to get to the borders of the lake. When they got there, they saw Nomi’s father and uncle on the other side of the lake. They waved at each other and signaled a spot where they could meet up. Ten minutes later they met in a shaded area.
“Hello sir, I am Officer Winslow. I am here to help. What are your findings so far?” asked the officer.
“We have nothing officer. We thought Brendan might have come to the lake, which scares us to death. But so far we have found no trace of him being here. No footsteps, nothing.” replied Nomi’s father.
“Do you know of any other place he might like to go to?” asked the officer to Nomi’s father.
“I do not know. I am not sure. He could be anywhere at the moment. Close or far.” replied Nomi’s father.
“Has he ever done this sort of thing before?” asked the officer.
“No, he has never run away. We are surprised at this.” replied Nomi’s father.
“I will do everything I can to help you out. I got some help coming our way and some others are on standby should we need them.” replied Officer Winslow.
Meanwhile, back in town, word had started to spread about the situation and some people were mobilized to help.
People jumped into their vehicles and headed for the Nivag farm. The Nivag family was a big part of their community. They were beloved and respected. They had many friends who decided to lend a hand when they learned about the news. Others called others to scatter the news and it soon reached Fredericton, the capital of the Province of New-Brunswick. Word spread quickly and the news station and other media outlet got quick wind of the situation. They decided to help by spreading the situation to the local media, on the television and on the radio.
The main local radio station started to blast the news and asked that population to help in any way they could but not cause interference in the search.
The local political representative asked some help from his constituency to help the family.
“We have a developing story.” said the television anchorman on the local TV station.
“We may have a lost autistic boy. His name is Brendan Nivag. Local law enforcement has begun search and rescue effort for him. We do not have much more detail at this time, but we will keep you informed of any development as we monitor the situation closely.” continued the anchorman.
TV reporters got in their vans and started to speed up to the Nivag farm. They were not going to miss an opportunity for that kind of news.
Back at the lake hours had passed and the search for Brendan was proving fruitless.
“I only have a few hours before sundown Mister Nivag. I have to call the local search and rescue team now.” said the officer.
“Let’s go back to your home so we can regroup and reassess the situation.” continued Officer Winslow.
Everybody went up the road and got in their respective vehicles and went back to the Nivag farm.
They arrived there and were a bit dismayed at what was going on. There were a good dozen vehicles in the driveway. People were talking to each other. The press was there, talking to other people.
“That is what I was afraid of.” thought Officer Winslow.
He stopped his car close to the driveway and got out. Everyone stopped talking and he approached the crowd.
“Please, people do not interfere with the search for Brendan. Blocking the driveway is not the way to help our efforts.” said the officer who was a bit angered at what the people had done.
He asked people to move their vehicles out of the way. He also decided to radio in for more help to try to contain the situation.
“Dispatch, are you there?” said Officer Winslow.
“Dispatch here, go ahead.” responded the voice on the radio.
“I need more officers on the Nivag farm to contain the situation. We have a crowd gathering and it will impede our search for the missing child. Can you send me some back up and prepare for more if need be. Over.” said Officer Winslow.
“Affirmative Unit 2-5. We will dispatch two more officers and have some more on standby for tonight.” responded dispatch.
“Ten four.” responded the officer.
Nomi and her dad arrived a few seconds later and were surprised at the overwhelming crowd that suddenly showed up.
A reporter jumped out of the crowd and went to them.
“Mister Nivag. Do you know the whereabouts of your son? Do you know what happened to him?” said the reporter to the man who was visibly irritated at the sudden wave of attention that was brought upon him.
Officer Winslow stepped in right away to intervene.
“No Comments. No Comments. Please move away. We have some things to do. Please, no interview for the moment.” said Officer Winslow.
Nomi and her dad accompanied by Officer Winslow rushed to the house and finally entered it.
“There, you will be safe for now. I have some back up coming in and they will do crowd control so that the situation does not degenerate.” said Officer Winslow.
“Thank you, officer. I did not think that it would turn into some sort of mass hysteria event.” said Nomi’s father.
They all went to the kitchen and sat at the table. It was supper time and Nomi’s mother offered lunch to the officer who gladly accepted the offer.
“I won’t refuse a good meal.” he said as he took the dish of hearty looking spaghetti that was presented to him.
“I will eat quickly and as soon as the other officers have arrived, we will go out and resume our search. Night is coming and it is crucial that we find him before nightfall.” said the officer.
Nomi was barely eating the food on her plate. She was pale and did not look good. Then she started to fall in tears at the table.
“This is my entire fault. He was my responsibility and I let him down.” she screamed to the astonished crowd.
She jumped into her father’s arm, crying. Her father hugged her tight.
“Don’t feel that way Nomi. You did not know what was going to happen.” replied her father.
“I don’t want to lose him. He means so much to me.” she replied.
Officer Winslow, who was looking at the scene did not know what to do. He was shocked at the moment. He felt very little compared to the size of the situation.
He had been in some tough spots before, but none such as this. Seeing parents on the verge of losing a loved one is not an easy thing to witness. It’s a moment, no officer wants to face, but know that one day may come to pass.
Nomi finally let go of her father and dried her tears.
“Please eat honey. We need you to be strong when we go back to the search.” replied Nomi’s mother.
“Yes, please Nomi. Be strong for your brother.” replied Officer Winslow.
The groups quickly finished their meal and headed out. The other officers had arrived and had started to disperse those who were there to just loiter in the area.
Officer Winslow gathered some people together and began giving instructions to the search and rescue groups.
“I want you all to grab a stick and walk in groups of four in a straight line beside each other. Just poke your stick in front of you, especially under bushes so you can see if anyone is there.” said Officer Winslow.
“Brendan is nonverbal so if he gets poked with a stick he will probably respond by coming out. This group will go in that field. The other groups will cover this area. Please call me on my cellular if you find anything or report here if you can’t get a signal.” continued the officer.
The group dispersed as it was close to seven o’clock. Officer Winslow was finding that it was getting really late and the chances of finding Brendan unharmed were going down with each minute.
“Dispatch, can you confirm if search and rescue is ready to go.” said Officer Winslow over his microphone.
“They are.” said dispatch.
“I think we better roll them in.” he replied.
“Ten four on that. They will arrive within the hour unit 2-5.” replied the voice over the microphone.
Chapter 2
On the television, news was trickling down to everyone that Brendan had not been found yet and the drama of the situation was building up. The radio continued to advise people to look for Brendan but not impede the search and rescue effort. At the farm, television crews were interviewing people about the situation and everyone gave their account of what was happening at the farm. People all around the province were glued to their television set wondering what was going on. They wanted the little boy to be found safe and brought back home.
The search and rescue team was on its way. The truck driver was having a conversation with his team members.
“We we arrive, we need to deploy quickly. We will need to look under any shrubs, any crevasses, culverts, or anything a young kid could squeeze into. We need to find out if there are any bottomless pits where he could have fallen into. We have to use every conceivable scenario on this one. The Kid is non verbal so we won’t be able to find him easily. I don’t want anyone to abandon the search until he is found. I want to bring him back to his parents safe and sound.” said the team lead while driving.
“We should be there in fifteen minutes. When we arrive, please deploy immediately, avoid the media and do what you do best. I will take care of the media and their questions.” said the leader.
The team in the back of the truck was getting their gear together and putting on their equipment that they would need for the search. It was getting close to sundown so they made sure to put on the appropriate gear.
“Testing radios. Mike checks everyone.” said one member of the team.
“I have you on my radio earpiece.” said one of them.
“Same here.” responded another.
One by one the team verified their radio and reported that they were all ok for that portion of their kit. They finished putting on their gear as they arrived at the Nivag farm.
The truck stopped just outside the barn where they parked. The team got out and were greeted by Officer Winslow.
“Hello folks. I am happy to see you here.” said Officer Winslow.
“My name is James McAdam and this is my team of volunteers for the day. I have Luke, Rick, Eric, Heather and Josh to help and assist you.” replied James.
“Thanks. We need to act quickly, the nights are still cold and I don’t want to find the kid frozen somewhere.” replied Officer Winslow.
The groups talked to each other for several minutes and decided on which terrain was to be covered first. They scattered joined by other folks.
And so the search began anew. The teams travelled thru the woods and fields, calling out Brendan’s name.
The teams were walking all around different areas and found nothing within the few hours that they had searched.
The sun was going down and everybody was starting to get that dreaded feeling of hopelessness.
Nomi was getting desperate. She went back to her father as they took a small break from the search. They went back home to refresh themselves.
There was still a multitude of people at the farm going back and forth as the media was trying to get as many interviews as they could. Other media outlets had arrived and placed people on site to relay the latest news to their respective station.
Nomi was sitting at the kitchen table. She was looking down at a drawing her little brother had done recently. It was more scribbles than anything else, but it meant the world to her. A lot of questions were racing through her mind. What if he was never found? What if he was not alive anymore? Nomi’ heart was sinking by the minute. She had overheard the reporters talk about how the chances of survival of a person diminish when night comes around. It was mid June but still the nights were not warm and the wild animals tended to come out at night to hunt their prey. Brendan would be defenseless against such creatures.
Her father was sitting besides Nomi, visibly exhausted, pale as a ghost. He was rubbing his head in desperation. He looked out the window not knowing what lay out there. He knew that losing Brendan would be too much of a blow to the family. It was not an option. He had to be found.
“Are you ok Nomi?” asked John.
“Not really Dad.” she replied on the tip of her lips.
“Do you want to sleep a little bit?” he asked.
“No, I can’t.” she replied.
“I understand. I am going to go put some warmer clothes on and go back out.” he said to his daughter.
“I am going to do the same.” she replied.
They both got up and went to their respective rooms and put some clothes on.
Meanwhile Nomi’s mom was outside talking to people and trying to get the latest news from the groups that were coming back from the searches. None of them had positive results.
She went back into the house and saw Nomi and her husband walking into the kitchen. They were preparing to go out again.
“No news yet. There is nothing.” she said.
“What are we going to do? I can’t live with my little darling.” she said sobbing.
“I will find him. I promise. I will find Brendan and bring him back.” said John to his wife.
They let go of each other. Jennifer kissed John and they headed out.
Nomi’s father went to the search and rescue truck.
“I need two fresh flashlights. Can I have them?” he asked the person who was sitting in the back of the truck.
“Sure thing, sir. Do you see anything else you might also need.” said the man as he showed them items that they could grab for the search.
“No, I think we are good.” said Nomi’s father.
And so they went. Officer Winslow, who had stayed on the site for a while came to them.
“How are you holding up?” he asked.
“Not good. We are shattered.” said Nomi’s father to the officer.
“And you young Miss, how are you doing?” he asked.
“It’s my fault. It should not have happened that way.” she replied.
“Now, now young miss. It’s not your fault. Things happen that are sometimes out of our control. It's part of life. We will double our efforts to find your brother Nomi.” said Officer Winslow to Nomi and her father.
“We will have a helicopter from base Gagetown come in to help. It is equipped with infrared equipment to help detect warm objects. It’s going to be here in a few hours.” said Officer Winslow.
“From the air, you can cover an enormous amount of ground in no time.” he continued.
“In the meantime, I will help you search for your little brother too.” said Officer Winslow.
“Thanks for all of your efforts Officer Winslow. We appreciate what you are doing for our family.” replied Nomi’s father.
Elsewhere…
“My lord, time is passing by and they still haven't found the little child. I fear that we may lose him and everything in our universe would be in shambles.” said Timrin to his Lord.
“What is to pass will pass Timrin. I have hope and faith. Something positive will come out of all of this.” replied Lord Zarara who was sitting on this throne watching the situation from one of his monitoring devices.
“I hope and pray as well my Lord.” replied Timrin.
Back in our reality…
“This is James Gartner reporting live from the Nivag farm. We have yet to hear some encouraging news about Brendan, the little boy who has been missing since early this morning. The child is presumed lost and every effort has been put in place by local enforcement division to find the child has soon as possible. We will give you update as soon as we can on this.” said the reporter to his cameraman who was filming the live situation.
By now the news had spread across the country thru social media outlets and media affiliates. The prime minister had sent a statement to the family expressing his wishes to have a speedy and positive outcome of the situation. Others had started to inundate their social media accounts with photos and short videos of the situation that was unfolding at the Nivag farm.
The teams were making progress covering the ground, but were not finding any clues that would lead them to the child. The teams were coming back and forth to the farm to report their findings and then making plans to scout and research another area before going back.
Time was flying by and it was getting close to midnight. Officer Winslow received a call on his radio.
“Yes, this is unit 2-5. What is it? Oh really. I am going to head back to the Nivag family and we will go to the landing site. I will be there in 5 minutes. Please advise the captain to wait.” replied Officer Winslow.
“I got sort of good news. The helicopter is due to arrive any minute now. We will hop on it and fly over the area.” said Officer Winslow to Nomi and her father.
“Let's head back to the farm as fast as we can.” he continued.
The Nivags and Officer Winslow quickly came back to the farm.
Close by…
This is Landsearch one. We are approaching the farm. Over.” said Captain Grenier on his communication systems.
“Landsearch one, you are a go for the search and rescue mission. Please monitor your fuel. We have a refuel team standing by if need be.” said a voice over the radio.
“Copy that.” replied Captain Grenier.
“Landsearch one. Search and rescue have deployed some lights over an area where you can safely land. Officer Winslow and the Nivag family will be there to hop in and be with you in the search. Do you copy.” said the voice.
“This is against regulations, but in this case I say the hell with the rules. I will gladly bring them on board. They deserve that much.” replied Captain Grenier.
“We copy that Landsearch one. Good luck and Godspeed.” said the voice over the microphone.
“Copy that home base. Thanks for your help. Over.” replied the captain.
“We are close to the landing zone.” said the copilot to his captain a few minutes later.
“Good. Start the landing procedures.” replied the captain.
“Some good news amidst these hard times. An air force helicopter is close by and will arrive shortly. It is coming closer to this area and it seems that a landing zone has been prepared for the helicopter to land.” said one reporter to his cameraman who was relaying the news to his television station while they were watching people placing lights in a clear area of a field close to the farm.
Minutes later, you could hear the sound of a helicopter getting closer. The tiny single light in the darkness was getting closer and closer and the sound was getting louder. People from search and rescue made sure that no one was in the area for the helicopter landing area.
The helicopter finally arrived and landed safely. Captain Grenier got out of the helicopter and ran towards a group.
“Are you the Nivag Family?” he said to the group.
“Yes, we are.” replied Nomi’s father who was with Nomi and her mom and Officer Winslow.
“Good. Let’s go to the helicopter. Put your heads down until you are seated in the vehicle. Once inside strap yourself in and we will lift off and carry off our search for your child.” said Captain Grenier.
The group started to move towards the helicopter and got in. They did as indicated and strapped themselves in. The helicopter lifted off and they were in the air. Officer Winslow put on one of the communication headsets aboard the vehicle.
“Can you hear me, Captain.” he asked.
“I can hear you loud and clear Officer. What is your name?” asked the captain.
“My name is Reginald Winslow, Captain.” the officer replied.
“My name is Serge Grenier. Nice to meet you officer. I wish it was under better circumstances than this though.” replied the captain.
“I will turn on the infrared system and we will start to pick up images. I will probably need your help to sort things out for us.” continued the captain.
“No problem sir. I will do my best.” replied Officer Winslow.
While they were flying around Nomi looked outside and was amazed at the scenery. Even if it was dark, the lights of the helicopters were very bright and illuminating the areas where they were flying thru.
The helicopter flew for while and did not pick up anything in particular. It mostly picked up groups of people that were walking around and were easily identifiable as there was a bunch of red blobs on the infrared machine display.
Captain Grenier was looking at the device with intensity, scrutinizing everything that was coming in.
“This is intense!” said Nomi to her father.
“Yes, it is. I never flew like this before. It is a strange feeling.” replied her father.
Nomi’s mother was seated across them and looking around where the light was shining trying to desperately find some sign of her little boy.
They flew like this for over an hour and covered lots of ground. Then suddenly Captain Grenier picked up a weird heat signature on his monitor.
“This is odd.” he said.
“What is it?” asked Officer Winslow.
“I have a faint signal roughly a few hundred meters in front of us. It seems to be in the deep woods.” replied captain Grenier.
“It might be it.” replied Officer Winslow.
“Is there a place we can land?” asked Captain Grenier to his co-pilot.
The co-pilot began to circle around so he could see if there was a landing spot that he could use.
“I think we are good to go. We can try a landing over there. It’s a couple of hundred meters from what you have spotted sir.” said the co-pilot.
The helicopter went and landed in a field. Everyone got out and the Captain pointed a general direction towards where they should go. Officer Winslow took point his flashlight up and in front of them. He was lighting a path for the family.
“Let’s hurry up.” he said as he sped up his pace.
Nomi was trailing behind him. They entered into some very dense brush. It was hard and difficult to see in front of them.
Nomi started to scream.
“Brendan, Brendan where are you? Please answer me.” she said several times.
There was no answer. They walked for several more minutes and Nomi started to scream again.
“Please Brendan, answer me. Let me know where you are.” she screamed.
They travelled thru the dense foliage for several more moments.
“We should be close.” said Officer Winslow.
Suddenly they heard some moaning. It was faint and difficult to hear due to the helicopter sound close by but the faint sound was still being heard. Officer Winslow flashed his light in the general direction of where it was coming from.
He walked for a bit, then abruptly stopped. He was facing some sort of a crevasse that was several meters deep.
“Please stay there for a moment. This is a very steep crevasse. I am going to try to find a safe way to go down.” he said to the family members.
Officer Winslow checked around and found a way to go down safely.
“This way.” he said.
They all went down and rapidly got to the spot where they heard the noise.
Brendan was lying there on the ground. Breathing heavy and visibly in shock. Nomi, who was close by saw this and fell into a state of shock. Her father grabbed her as she began to be weak.
Officer Winslow examined Brendan for a few moments and then he took his radio.
“We got Brendan. We got him. He is critical. Relay a message to the search and rescue team to send the ambulance here real quick. We need to stabilize him or we will lose him.” said Officer Winslow over his radio.
“Did you copy that?” said captain Grenier over his microphone to the teams back at the farm.
“We are already on her way.” replied the search and rescue team.
“Clarify coordinates please. We are on our way. The officers have stopped the media from coming with us to avoid a chaotic scene.” replied someone in the ambulance team.
“We are 5 kilometers west of the farm. I think I can get the helicopter up so you can see the light and we would be close to it. Can you do that captain Grenier.” asked Officer Winslow.
“I am already on it.” replied the captain who ran to his helicopter and took off a few moments later.
It started to float close by the site.
Meanwhile, Officer Winslow was tending to Brendan. He was trying to find out as much as he could the extent of injuries of the little boy.
He examined his head and body from trauma. Brendan seemed to have been hit by something and he was badly bruised.
Officer Winslow removed his coat and put it on Brendan to keep him warm.
“I don’t know what happened to your little brother, but it looks serious. He may have bumped his head on one of those sharp rocks all around us. I don’t want to move him until the ambulance gets here. They will take care of him.” said officer Winslow to Nomi.
Nomi and her parents were horrified at the situation. What could have happened to their son that he was in such bad condition. They kept beside him, talking to him.
“Please don’t leave us. I love you so much honey. We are so sorry.” said Nomi’s mom.
They waited for several minutes for what seemed to be an eternity. The ambulance showed up and the ambulance people rushed to the scene.
They started to examine Brendan. They quickly determined that he had taken a bad fall into this steep crevasse. He needed help quickly. He would have not survived the night if not found. They brought in a stretcher and place the kid into it and gave him some pain killers. They went uphill slowly and stopped in front of the ambulance.
“We would be too slow with the ambulance. We need that helicopter to get him to the hospital right now.” said one of the ambulance staff.
Officer Winslow took his radio.
“Captain Grenier. This is officer Winslow. We need to evacuate him by air or he is not going to make it. I need your help sir.” said the police officer.
“Copy that, officer Winslow. I am going to bring the helicopter down and you can put him in.” said the captain.
The helicopter started its decent and the ambulance people put the child in and secured him. They allowed Brendan’s father in as well as a few paramedics. The helicopter lifted up and went in the direction of the hospital.
Officer Winslow, Nomi and her mom went back to the ambulance and left to go back to the farm so that they could get into the squad car and head to the hospital.
They promptly arrived at the farm where hundreds of people were waiting for them.
Officer Winslow got out of the ambulance.
“Folks, I am pleased to announce that we have found Brendan but he is in critical condition. We have airlifted him to the regional hospital. Please we have to go. We will have an official report for you later.” said officer Winslow.
Nomi and her mom and Officer Winslow went to the squad car and got in and left the scene to go to the hospital.
“We are pleased to report that little Brendan was found. However, it is reported that he is in critical condition and has been airlifted to the regional hospital. We will keep you posted as things develop.” said one of the reporter to his cameraman.
Others started to leave while others did a few other TV interviews before things started to whine down.
The search and rescue team packed up and headed out satisfied out of the turn of event. People started to scatter. Uncle Peter stayed behind to take care of the house and make sure nothing unfortunate happened again while his brother was going to the hospital.
Meanwhile, officer Winslow was travelling down the road to the hospital.
“I am happy for your family, Nomi and Miss Nivag.” said Officer Winslow.
“Yes.” said Nomi, who was exhausted.
“You can sleep for a bit until we get to the hospital if you want to.” said Officer Winslow, who looked at the clock and saw that it was four in the morning.
“Yes. I guess it would not hurt. It was a long day for all of us.” said Nomi.
Nomi relaxed her head against the head rest and started to drift away.
She started to dream about her little brother. She was outside with him. It was a beautiful sunny day and they were playing behind the house. She was trying to teach him a new word.
“Brendan, can you say. No-Mi? No-Mi?” she was saying to her little brother.
She was waiting for something to come out and suddenly Brendan said: “Nomi.”
She was very happy.
“Good boy. Good job!” said Nomi as she hugged her little brother.
She put him up and she danced around with him in some sort of merry go round motion.
She laughed and her brother laughed too. She was so happy. Her mother and father were on the porch watching them and she waved at them. It was a fantastic scene. She could not ask for anything better for that particular moment.
Then suddenly she was shaken out of this moment. She started to hear someone call out her name in the dream.
“Nomi, Nomi, we are at the hospital. We have to go in.” said Officer Winslow.
“Mmm. Yes… yes, ok.” replied Nomi half asleep.
Nomi stretched out and opened the door of the police car and got out. Officer Winslow went in the back and opened the door for Nomi’s mom.
“Here you go, Ma’am.” said officer Winslow.
They headed inside the hospital and went to the admission station.
“Officer Reginald Winslow here with the Nivag family. We are here for little Brendan.” said the officer to the nurse at the station.
“Oh yes. We were advised that you were coming in. The helicopter landed about half an hour ago and Brendan was rushed to the emergency room.” replied the nurse.
They all went to a waiting room down the hall where they met with Brendan’s father.
Chapter 3
“How are you holding up, sir?” asked Officer Winslow.
“I am fine for now, but this is a complete nightmare for me and my family. We never expected this or saw this coming.” replied Nomi’s father.
“I know, these sorts of things are never easy to deal with. When a loved one gets hurt. It always breaks your heart and your soul.” replied Officer Winslow.
“I know. I lost my father in a car accident and I never really got over it. I was very young when this happened. It scars you for the rest of your life. It’s just surreal.” said Nomi’s father.
“How is he?” asked Nomi.
“He is being operated on Nomi. He has a punctured lung. They say the fall was pretty bad for him. He is in really bad shape. It’s a miracle that he is alive.” said Nomi’s father.
Nomi sat beside her father on the mini couch and began to sob. Her father took her in her arms.
“Now, Now Nomi. We just have to wait for the doctors. Everything will be all right.” said Nomi’s father.
Suddenly a few short beeps came on. Then a voice on the hospital intercom came on.
“We have a code blue in the emergency room. Doctor Martin please report to the emergency room.” said the voice on the intercom.
“Oh no! No!” said Nomi’s mom.
Officer Winslow was pale. That was not good news. They went to the station and tried to ask for an update. A nurse called into the emergency room to try to get some information. After an hour, she finally got an answer.
“There was a situation with Brendan. I am afraid it has turned for the worse. One of his lungs has collapsed and they are working on him to try to bring him back. I am sorry. I cannot give you better news.” said the nurse.
A few moments later someone came to grab the family.
“Hi, my name is Emilie.” said the nurse who presented herself.
“I think you better come in. There may not a lot of time left.” she said.
Everyone went pale. Everything was crumbling down.
The nurse guided the group and they headed straight to the recovery room where Brendan was and waited outside.
A doctor came by.
“My name is Richard Martin. Your son has suffered life threatening injuries to the chest. We have done as best as we could, but he is deteriorating quickly. I don’t think he is going to make it thru the night. We will move him to the intensive care unit, but he could go at any time. I am going to leave you with some time with him. He needs you.” said the doctor.
Nomi began to cry.
“It’s my entire fault. All mine.” she said, sobbing.
They went to the recovery room and saw their son all hooked up to a life support machine that was feeding him some air. Nurses were going around Brendan, watching the machines and doing read outs.
Nomi got very weak. Her father and mother were not much better. Seeing their son this way was tearing them apart. Nomi’s mom started to caress Brendan’s forehead. She talked to him about all the times she held him in her arms since he was a baby.
She could not believe she was seeing her son in this state, fading away. The sound of the breathing machine was a sad reminder of how life is fragile.
His vitals were getting weaker.
Officer Winslow was allowed in by the family. When he saw Brendan he began to shed a tear. As old as he was, it was still hard to see a young person fading away. He felt so helpless.
Time passed and Brendan was transferred to the intensive care wing of the hospital. The doctor came in several times with the nurses to evaluate his case. Towards seven o’clock in the morning the doctor gathered the family in the waiting room close to the unit.
“His vitals are still going down. He is going to be gone soon. I am sorry.” said the doctor.
Nomi began to cry and banged the wall.
“No, it can’t be. Not him. Please god, don’t take him away.” she said crying.
Nomi’s parents were resigned to the inevitable. They were so tired and did not know what to do.
Officer Winslow, who had stayed with the family the whole time was not in any better shape. He was very saddened. His hopes had been raised when he found Brendan but now it seems that faith had a cruel destiny for the child.
Nomi got up and went to the unit and kneeled besides Brendan. She started praying.
“Please god. Do not take my little brother away from me. I love him so much. I promise that I will do everything I can to be better with him if you make him stay with us. I just want him back…” she said while looking at her little brother.
Brendan’s vitals were still going down. The heartbeat on the monitoring machine was getting slower and slower. The sound pounded in Nomi’s ears and it was the most, cruelest sound she had ever heard in her whole life.
The thumping sound was like an insane countdown to something tragic.
The hours passed and the family had gathered around Brendan for his last moments. They were praying for a miracle, but it seemed that fate had other designs for the little boy. The heartbeat was decreasing at a steady rate. Brendan was slipping away…
Elsewhere…
“My lord, it is turning for the worse.” said Timrin to Lord Zarara.
“I know Timrin. I know.” said Lord Zarara who was sitting on his throne with his head down, crying. After a few moments, he raised his head up.
“I cannot allow him to go. He is everything to Nomi and us. I will break my vow to not intervene in the divine eternity of life. I am left with no choice.” said Lord Zarara as he got up from his throne.
He got off his throne and walked down. He waived his hand and a portal opened before him. He walked in and disappeared from view as Timrin looked on.
A few minutes later he reappeared in the intensive care unit. Invisible to all. Lord Zarara looked at the scene. Nomi was there, praying for her little brother. Brendan's father was sitting on a chair beside his son. Nomi’s mom was there caressing her son’s forehead. Officer Winslow was looking at the scene.
Lord Zarara went besides Nomi. He bent down and whispered in her left ear.
“I won’t ever abandon you for as long as you live.” said Lord Zarara.
Nomi swiftly turned her head but nothing was there. She did not see anything.
Lord Zarara got up and raised his right arm and waved his hand.
“By me, through me, I will heal thy self.” said Lord Zarara has he disappeared after performing that gesture.
Everything remained the same for several minutes. Then all of a sudden, the monitoring machine started to make strange sounds.
This alerted the nurses who rushed to the bed. The machine was showing that the vital signs of Brendan were going up.
“This is not possible.” said the nurse who looked at the machine’s screen.
“Doctor, Doctor, we need the doctor here real quick.” she said to another nurse who quickly went to get the doctor in charge.
Nomi and her parents and officer Winslow had moved aside to let a nurse examine Brendan. They were frantically checking his vitals to make sure it was not a peak before the end.
The doctor arrived on the scene.
“What is going on?”he asked, to the nurse who was doing readout on the monitoring machine.
“I do not know Doctor. Brendan’s vitals are improving. He is actually normalizing himself.” said the nurse.
“But that’s not possible.” said the doctor.
“That is not what the machine is telling us.” replied the nurse.
The doctor bent down over Brendan to look at him more closely. He removed the cover sheet from over him and all the bruises were gone.
“Oh my god!” he said in complete shock.
“Look at this. This is a miracle.” he said to Nomi and her parents.
“His bruises and cuts are gone. This is insane. It’s not possible.” said the doctor.
He took his flashlight and opened one of Brendan’s eyes and flashed the light in each eye. As soon as he did, he saw a reaction to the light in Brendan’s pupil.
He took his stethoscope and scanned Brendan’s chest. There were no hard breathing or no anomalies.
Nomi and her parents did not understand what was going on. The doctor was rambling words incoherently like a possessed man. He kept saying miracle and impossible.
Nomi moved forward and looked at the situation in awe. This started happening as soon as she heard the words in her ear.
“How could that be?” she thought.
A few minutes passed and it seemed like Brendan was getting better by the second, according to the monitoring machine and from what the doctor was seeing happening before him.
“I have never seen this happen before in my life.” he said to the Nivag family.
Officer Winslow was mesmerized at the situation. He himself had never seen such thing happen. It was the stuff of legend and fables, but right now it was happening before him. He was left speechless.
Suddenly, Brendan began to move his left hand. His fingers began to bend and he sort of wiggle his hand a bit. Then he started to lift his forearm.
All the people around were in awe. Then Brendan opened his eyes and moved his head around. And he was looking at the ceiling, then around him. He looked at this father and mother and then he saw Nomi.
Nomi approached him and looked at him. Tears in her eyes.
Brendan raised his arm and Nomi grabbed his hand. She squeezed her hand around her brother’s and held tight.
Brendan looked at Nomi more and more. He raised his head a little and then he looked her straight in the eyes and said.
“No – mi!”
Nomi was puzzled for a few seconds, but then she broke down and began to cry. Her little brother was back. Somehow he was back.
Her mother and father started to cry. Officer Winslow could not contain his emotions and cried too. The doctor and nurses were in shock.
Nomi bent down and kissed her little brother. Her parents did the same.
The doctor asked them to let him examine Brendan as he was fully awake and aware of what was going on.
Time passed and the doctor could not find anything wrong with Brendan anymore. Aside his autism, he was perfectly all right as if nothing had ever happened to him.
They ran some more tests and discussed what had just happened. Everyone of the staff present thought they had lost their sanity during the last hours.
Officer Winslow had sat down for a while. He was talking to his wife on his cellular phone. He told her what had just happened at the hospital. He told his wife that it was a true miracle. He did not know what had happened, but he was glad things turned out that way.
It was the late hours of the afternoon and the doctors finally decided to let Brendan go home. He was perfectly healthy. The hospital arranged for the family to take an exit out of the hospital that would not attract the attention of the media. Officer Winslow accompanied the family out of the premises.
They drove all the way home. Nomi was with Officer Winslow in his car.
“I must thank you for helping us find Brendan. Without your help, I would not have my little brother anymore.” she said to the officer.
“It’s what I do Nomi. Nothing brings me more joy than to see a good ending to an event.” replied Officer Winslow.
“I still cannot understand what happened at the hospital, but I am glad it happened.” he continued.
“I am glad it happened too.” replied Nomi.
They finally reached their home and everyone got out of their car. Officer Winslow talked to the press that was still on site. He downplayed the severity of Brendan’s injury and he thanked everyone that came in to help the family in their hour of need. He said everyone in the family appreciated what the local folks and law enforcements and other groups had done to help finding Brendan.
A pickup truck arrived a bit later and a young man stepped out. It was Captain Grenier, who had come in to see how Brendan was doing after hearing of the miracle. He went into the house.
“Hi, young Miss.” he said to Nomi when he saw her.
“Hello sir.” she replied.
“Where is your little brother? I have a gift for him.” said the captain.
“He is in the living room.” she replied.
Captain Grenier went into the living room and saw Brendan, sitting on the couch playing with his tablet and watching one of his favorite movies.
Captain Grenier got on his knees and he looked at Brendan.
“Hi Brendan. My name is Serge.” said the young man.
Nomi looked at the man for a brief moment, then turned his attention to his tablet again. He shook his arms as he watched his movie.
“It’s normal for him. He stims.” said Nomi, who was besides the captain.
“Well, Nomi, I am glad your little brother is well. Officer Winslow told me what happened in the hospital. I could not believe it myself. I had to come and see.” he replied.
“I also brought a gift for you and for your little brother. In recognition of what you did, I am honored to give you and your brother an  honorary set of flying wings from our regiment.” said the captain as he took out two little boxes from one of his uniform pocket and gave to Nomi.
“Oh my!…” said Nomi has she took the boxes and opened them.
She looked at the metal wings. It was amazing.
“This is so awesome.” she said to the captain.
“The regiment also did a quick collection overnight. When the members heard the news they wanted to contribute.” said the captain.
The young man took out a letter and gave it to Nomi who opened it. She took out a piece of paper from the envelope and it was a check for five thousand dollars.
“It’s not much, but if it helps your family in any way, we will be happy.” said the captain.
“Thank you. Thank you so much. I owe you so much.” she said.
“It’s nothing. I am glad I helped.” he replied.
Officer Winslow came in and talked to the captain and told him how happy he was that he received his help.
Nomi’s dad and mom sat with them at the table and talked with them for a long time. They told Officer Winslow and Captain Grenier that they could drop in at any time as they were considered a part of the family now.
Nomi sat down with the little brother and watched him. She gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“Never do this to me again, you little clown. If you break my heart again, I will never forgive you. I love you with all my heart.” she said.
Brendan looked at her and smiled and turned his attention back to the tablet screen.
“We are happy to report that little Brendan Nivag was found safe and sound with minor injuries and he has come home and now he's safe with his loved ones. This is Raymond Carr for your local television station. Good night to all.” said the reporter to the camera, happy about the situation.
Elsewhere…
Lord Zarara was sitting on his throne, smiling while he looked at his screen that showed Nomi and his little brother as he shook his arms several times….
The end for now.
About the Author
Bruno Bernier is an IT Procurement Analyst who writes short stories in his spare time. This book is the first anthology volume release. He is a big fan of comic books, films and music of all kinds.

Also, please check out my other books:

Lake Lohmeed fall of the Dark Queen
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/444412

Nomi Nivag and the Kingdom of Poopoola
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/453956

Nomi Nivag and Gregory’s fight with the big “C”
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/457505

Nomi Nivag and the tribulations of Bahl Bazaar
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/459885

Nomi Nivag and the Loss of Brendan
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/466080

Do not forget to post your impressions of the book or comments. I hope you have enjoyed this short story and I am looking forward to sharing more of these with you in the near future. Drop in from time to time to check my library of books. I appreciate your time. See you later. Goodbye for now.

Bruno
Wait! There is more…
Do you want to have more news about Nomi? Do you want to have exclusive access to her news and pictures?
Do you want a discounted price on her ebooks or even get free ones thru promotional coupon code?
Then, what are you waiting for?

Join the official Nomi Nivag Facebook page and have a blast with Nomi.

Nomi Nivag Official Facebook page.

https://www.facebook.com/Nomi.Nivag.Official

Like the page and tell a friend. Tell your sister, your brother. Tell your little cat Misty or your Dog Brutus and your goldfish Jim.





