 
 
 

House of New Gods

by S.A. Geary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

House of New Gods
Book One
by S.A. Geary
http://www.sageary.com
Text copyright © 2014 by S.A. Geary
Cover Art Copyright © S.A. Geary
Smashwords Edition

The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious.
Any similarity to real persons, living or deceased is coincidental.
All rights are held by the author and no part of this book may be reproduced,
distributed, or transmitted in any form without author’s explicit written consent.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with others, please
purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then
please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for
respecting this author’s hard work, time, and dedication to bring you an exceptional
reading experience.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


For my family.
And for my two angels Niconah & Tahkai—everything I do
is for you!
 
 
 
 
 
 

Table of Contents
1. A Death for a Life
2. A Palace
3. Unexpected
4. Restless
5. Doubts
6. Final Call
7. Skeletons
8. Roots
9. Enlightened
10. Eye of Isis
11. Guardians
12. Resentments
13. Wolf’s Den
14. Intrigue
15. Bound
16. Forbidden
17. Dinner Party
18. Declarations
19. Attacked
20. Resurrected
21. Legacy
22. History Lesson
23. Fulfilling Prophecy

PROLOUGE
 
There was something like breath in my throat, only it wouldn’t come out. All I could access was a dull, dry moan. I was being suffocated. I’d been given an arcane glimpse into the mystical universe around me, and had seen evidence of these malevolent creatures—still, I couldn’t believe it. But the moment we fixed on one another, I knew my destiny had always been entwined in theirs. I knew this because it was written inside their empty, soulless eyes. The beasts locked their iron jaws around my neck. 
I’m going to die. 
Crippled by fear, I allowed my lids to close—I prayed like hell it wasn’t for the last time.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

New York City
August 1997
The maternity ward was quiet except for the familiar cries of a new born baby in the south wing. A severe bead of sweat dripped past the doctor’s brow as he exited; the door to room 2015 clicked shut.
 “Constance, your little girl,” the nurse announced in a heavy accent. As she brought the baby to the edge of the bed, her bulging brown eyes darted between mother and child, and then to the dark haired man holding his palm protectively over his wife.
 “Her father, please.” Constance’ black hair clung to her moistened ivory face. She tried to curl her red tinged lips into a smile though her body had been ravaged.
 The nurse appeared reluctant, as she handed the child to the man whose eyes were fiercely grey and wild. He opened an arm, flashed a knowing smile and addressed her in her native tongue. 
“Mèsi poutèt ou,” (Thank you) he told her. The dark-skinned woman’s mahogany orbs twitched. In shock, she glanced down at the pale and panting woman. When she met his gaze again her expression hardened.
“Ki sa ki moun ou ye?”(What are you?) she whispered to him. Constance heard nothing and the man grinned with ease.
“Ou deja konnen,” (You already know) he told her. “Now, you can go.” Fear etched the nurse’s weathered face—a hysterical sound threatened to escape her lips. The man pulled his forefinger to his own to silence her and she scurried through the door. 
 “Is she beautiful Ahmenos? Is she…?” Constance exhaled before closing her bright green eyes. The swell of her abdomen remained stiff and red, ill-concealed by the sheet. 
 He looked down at the baby’s bright pink skin and guardedly wiped away a smear of blood. She cooed up at him and Ahmenos smiled down at her pleasurably. With a nod he began to examine the bundle, which had caused the love of his life such suffering. Constance whimpered impatiently.
 “Yes my dear, yes,” he answered quickly to appease her. 
 He cradled his child and partially removed the blanket, to marvel at her feet and small toes. As he brought her tiny ankle upwards, he was startled by the bluish contusion he found there. Looking closer, he discovered it was a birthmark—a brand in the shape of a horizontal crescent moon and beneath it, a round disk of the sun. He marveled at the beautiful design of it, tracing his finger around the prophetic symbol again and again. All around them was whispering and though Constance remained unaware, Ahmenos could hear them. He could always hear them. They’d come to witness the birth of his daughter.
 “She’s…perfect,” he told Constance.
 
 
 
 
 
 

1. A Death for a Life
 
I was just wiping my teary eye with my elbow, when I smacked into the stewardess. I stumbled around all five feet, eleven effing inches of her, trying not to stare at her bleached blond locks, and manic blue eyes. She pagented all of us to our seats with curt flicks of her polished red nails. All I could think was, why are you grinning you ladder with hair?! What possibly could be drawn from this day except that it was a colossal disaster? I reached my row, only after being forced to make eye contact with fifteen or so of my cabin mates, all of which took hearty note of my reddened face. Their persistent curiosity was neither amusing, nor welcome. I think I just growled. Today I bore a bright red, capitol “S” for shame, and it definitely showed through my telling velour tracksuit. That's what happens when one slops together an extended trip to Britain, in lieu of going to college. Pissing off my parents was not nearly as  I'd anticipated it to be, this due in part to my mother's fantastic mediation skills. “She needs to spread her wings Costas. How is she ever going to find herself, and after all that's happened?” The glare of retribution in my step-father's eyes, now that, that was something to catalogue for later use, like in the courts. I believe he muttered something along the lines of, “...so sick to damn death of hearing about her dad. She needs to take responsibility for her own life for once!” I sure had an aching finger, one in particular that had spent most of last night raised to my closed bedroom door. He'd get over my insolence. Mom didn't need to forgive me. She was happy I was going. That only left my turning down a perfectly decent marriage proposal. I felt ill through and through. There were two young guys seated in the row behind me. One called the other one...Jaime. That was it. The mere mention of my ex's name made me wince in pain. I felt like vomiting. Sigh. I put my black bag in the overhead compartment, and then I sat quietly for a moment trying to get settled. Travel was good, or at least, it would be. It always promised a steady and predictable hum; one that I would immediately take solace in. I leaned my head back, trying hard to focus on the hours and days ahead, rather than on the delicate fibers of my heart. 
It was no use. It was like my brain was on Jaime/breakup/puke overload! He’d proposed for God’s sake! Just twelve hours ago! Why would he do that? We were only eighteen and recently graduated first of all, but more importantly, why would he deliberately make this transition harder for us both?I stared glumly out my window, unable to fully partake in the living world—if I ever could. The Chicago sun blazed into my window as the commotion of the plane began to die down. We’d be taking off soon, and then all this angst would wither like the last dead grass of winter. I hoped so anyway. I rifled in my pocket for my new employer’s final email. Maybe it would make me happy. I knew this change in my life wouldn't make me forget, but it could make me even a bit joyful. I allowed Anchille’s pleasant words to take my mind off my ex.
 
Dearest Lina, 
I’ve chartered a private helicopter for our journey to The Lakes. It truly is the fastest way from London, I hope you don’t mind. Your flight will be long. I presume a five hour trip by car won't interest you.Looking forward to seeing you soon my dear.-Anchille Bhari.
 
Anchille and Isis recently relocated to England from Karnak, Egypt. I didn’t know much about them, only that they dealt in exotic cars and antiquities. Frankly, the fact that the Bhari’s had money really didn’t appeal to me all that much. I was only interested that they’d somehow found me, and took a gigantic leap of faith in bringing me on as their children’s au pair. There was something strange about the way it all came together so seamlessly, but I didn’t fuss—I needed a fresh start. I needed to be some place where no one had ever heard of me. I pulled out my one picture of the couple as the captain prepared us for take-off. Their sultry grey eyes and cool brown skin were startling, sure, but they were also handsome and imperial looking, like modern royalty. Who was I kidding? They were everything that Chicago wasn’t and for that I was ecstatic. Ugly breakup or not, I was determined to make this trip worth it! I could sense Jaime’s letter burning a hole right through my leg, demanding that I read it too. I’d been so terrified when I pulled it from the door this morning. I’d flown into the cab, with one eye over my shoulder, like the FEDS were watching me. After four and a half years together I owed him at least the courtesy of reading it, right? Jezus, what did he do to this thing?! My heart plummeted as soon as I opened it. Violent red stokes etched across the mangled paper, as if he’d scratched it with his own claws in haste. 
Moving to Europe isn’t going to bring your dad back Lina and it sure as hell isn’t gonna make me stop loving you! Do what you have to, for as long as it takes, but know that I’m not going anywhere. I’m gonna be here just as I’ve always been. I love you Li. I didn’t ask you to marry me for any other reason than that. ~Jaime
 
I crumpled the letter and shoved it in my pocket. From the puffiness of my face, right down to my bulbous nose, I knew I was in sad shape. I wiped anyway and then dug for my compact. Gaw! No makeup, of course! Makeup was officially washed away by streams of salt! I pressed my finger to my blotchy cheeks, while scrambling for a touch of blush. I hadn’t an ounce of hope it would fix anything—I still had freckles and my red-rimmed hazel eyes made me look like a drug addict! I shoved in my ear-buds, tossed my bag to the floor and clamped my hands over the arm rests. I would shut out the world, at least for the next seven and a half hours. 
I landed in London, in the midst of a brewing storm. Fitting really, considering the course I’d recently taken. I should’ve accepted a job in Fiji, or the Dominican, anywhere that wasn’t filled with such doom and gloom. I frowned at the turbulent roll of clouds as I grabbed my carry-on and followed the crowd. Passengers were greeted by family and friends, and some were met by lovers. I watched two people kiss like they hadn’t laid eyes on one another in months. It made me insanely jealous, even though my lack of boyfriend was my own fault. Still, an invisible noose tightened around my throat. For a split second I worried no one would be waiting for me. I didn’t know a soul and as I meandered amid the clusters, I felt I was being scrutinized. I glanced down at my chest to see if my shame was showing—how stupid, I thought! Before I strayed too far from the terminal, a tiny, but powerful voice burst from the throngs. I didn’t see a face to match, but a large white sign with my entire name spelled out. How horrid! AHMOLINA OVEISI. No matter how many times I saw my last name it made me cringe. It belonged to my step-father; I didn’t.
“Hello?” She called out again, tipping the sign so that her face showed.
Well, the bustle of the airport didn’t stir me from my ample guilt, but her face certainly did. She looked just like one of those antique porcelain dolls, but with modern hair and better clothes. She was so obscene beneath the ugly florescence that I almost laughed, but I stopped myself. I ventured forward, slowly taking in her petite black-clad form and wide doe eyes.
“Hi,” I said awkwardly. I was staring. Stop staring, I shouted inside. 
“Lina,” she sung my preferred moniker beautifully and without pause. Her voice was deeper than I’d anticipated it would be. “I’m Avati Oliveri, Isis’ assistant.” She reached for my hand. It was chilly and very hard, like lawyers’ tend to be—cool, impartial and about business. Her face didn’t say business though. Her face said: everything’s going to be okay now. It was comforting, sorta.
“Nice to meet you,” I said. 
“How was your flight?” she asked. I looked around her to the traffic which was coming at us on all sides. I mumbled a half response only because my attention was being so pulled, to the frenzy of life spinning around us. The patrons were gyrating to and fro while the two of us remained still. Avati paid them no attention at all, but I couldn’t help myself. It was freaking weird. I shook my head hard, figuring it was my jetlag. That didn’t help.
“Lina?” she pressed.
“Fine,” I breathed, still completely enraptured. At any second I swore music from Studio 54 would play and then everyone in the airport would break out into dance. What the hell? I turned back to Avati. How could she not be seeing what I was seeing?! A frown had formed on her exquisite face. 
“Um, the flight was cool and…shorter, than I expected.” Her momentary worry turned to elated happiness in all of two seconds.
“Brava,” she cheered like a five year old. I saw her give a little jump. “Let’s get your bags!”
Life appeared to return to normal. No more jerky, robotic movements, or reptilian faces. The momentary blip in time would have to be chalked up to a stress induced hallucination, nothing more. Still, a wave of nausea rippled through my stomach as Avati ushered me to baggage claim. As my effects made their way around the tram, she scooped them up single handedly, as if they were weightless. I’d packed my whole life in there! That really put things into perspective.
“Come, the car has just arrived,” she encouraged, slipping a metallic phone inside her leather jacket. We moved ahead, and at a quicker pace, set by my nimble host of course. I could barely keep up. I had the feeling of being watched and it was distinctly of the, creepy stalker variety. I glanced over my shoulder while trying to keep time with Avati. I didn’t notice anyone out-right but the icky-ness remained, like that time I forgot to check the date on the yogurt. I held my belly.
“Quickly,” she directed; her tone flat, her face inexpressive. Instinctively, I gripped her hand a bit tighter. Then I worried, would that seem weird to her, my familiarity? I waited a second, but didn't feel the retraction in her fingers. Cool.
Our trek ended near a glass enclosure. Avati stood like a statue. Her grey eyes were glossy, elsewhere, and so I decided to take one last peek behind us. Through a maze of beige coats, squealing tires, beeping transport cars and screaming toddlers, I spotted a beefy black figure. A man was surveying me—quite diligently I realized. Two others, similarly dressed, stood nearby—not directly next to him, but close, adjacent. There were no faces really, just their odd presence. My temperature rose—it elevated so much that sweat dripped down my temple. I went to wipe it from my brow when something happened. Nightmarish images invaded my mind—pictures of snarling beasts, with blood red eyes and snapping teeth. I cringed away from them and slapped my hands to my face as hard as I could. 
“Ahh!”
“Lina?” she whispered. I opened my eyes to Avati staring at me with the most horrendous look. I took a deep breath and brought my arms down. My head was killing me, but the pictures were gone. I didn’t dare look behind me again.
“I’m fine,” I said softly. She didn’t believe me, not one bit. That made two of us.
“Anchille will be here in less than thirty seconds Lina,” she assured me anyway. She was right and my heart fluttered reflexively at the sound of my name over the dull buzz of the airport.
“Ahmolina!” 
Three men approached from the left, one tall and stunningly attractive with waist-length black hair and a medium build; the other two were shorter, brawny with cropped wavy hair and warm sable eyes. They were pretty too, in a gladiator sort of way. I thought I saw the corner of one of their mouths twitch.
“Anchille,” Avati sung as she waltzed towards them. It worried me how relieved she was to see him. She hadn’t paid our watchers any mind, but something told me she’d known they were there. I almost looked back at them again but I stopped myself. Anchille Bhari was even more striking in person, if that were possible. He embraced Avati as if she were his child, not his wife’s pseudo secretary. I stared at the four of them together, observed their obvious refinement and it made me seriously re-evaluate my grey UGG’s and faded sweats! Anchille towered over me. I prayed he wouldn't scorn my dumpy travel attire, but there was no way in hell I was going to wear interview garb on the plane. I was just practical like that. Or lazy? In any case...
“Darling girl let me look at you, ah so beautiful,” he bent down to kiss my very hot cheek. The coolness of his lips made me shudder, and when I realized his nose hadn't wrinkled I knew I was in the clear. 
“Hi…” I was barely able to say the word; my lips were smushed against his coat, the lining of which smelled of incense and lilies. That scent was enough to make everything better, I thought.
“We’ve been eagerly anticipating your arrival—I trust you’re well?” He was so ecstatic that I didn’t want to spoil our meeting by telling him I felt awful and wanted to go home. 
“I am thank you.” I finally wriggled free. “You can call me Lina,” I gently reminded him with just a hint of repentance. My birth name was whack. I'd have killed for a common name. There had been at least a dozen Jessica's in my graduating class alone. Lucky thirteen, right here!
“My apologies.”
“It’s okay,” I yawned and tried to cover it. I was beat, emotionally and otherwise. If I couldn’t go home, I at least wanted to get out of here.
“Shall we?” he spoke to my silent complaint. 
“Anchille?” Avati stopped him briefly. “Siamo seguiti.” Their eyes made some private connection and while I was diverted by her tiny form sandwiched awkwardly between Anchille’s bodyguards, I realized what she’d referenced. She had seen the strange men in the crowd. Who were they I wondered? It couldn’t have anything to do with me; I didn’t know anyone here and certainly couldn’t have made enemies already.
“Right,” was all Anchille allowed and the other two nodded. “There’s a car waiting for you too love. Best be on your way. You’re expected downtown and we’ll see you after.” Anchille quickly kissed her cheek and she lowered her head almost obediently. 
“Ciao,” she told the other two. “I’ll see you again soon,” she then assured me with a warm and genuine smile. I’d never seen anyone move so fast in my life. It was a little disconcerting when I realized she was already outside before my eyes had time to adjust. No one else paid it any attention though, so I didn’t either.
Anchille’s security hoisted my bags beneath their strapping arms. We walked to a waiting limousine which was drenched in new fallen rain. The driver came around and the four of us slipped inside, dabbing our pant legs a bit. The seats smelled of brand new leather, and the television was switched on to a local news station. A dense fog began to settle just inches above the ground, and the dismal conditions felt threatening in some inexplicable way. In the wake of my last thoughts the three men stared at me. I cowered into the smooth rest of the passenger door like a lame dog. I may have even whimpered pitifully.
“Are you ill my dear?” Anchille inquired fast. Yep, I whimpered. As soon as his fingers touched my shoulder I felt such iciness. He retracted quickly after that. The driver, who was re-focusing his rear view mirror, tipped his hat and switched up the heat. We pulled out into traffic then and the sway of the car made me queasy. “Lina?” Anchille entreated once more.
“I’m okay…I’m okay, it’s just…helicopters and storms,” I shivered and peered over the edge of the window into the cumulous sky-line, “doesn’t seem like a very good idea.”He chuckled then as did the others.
 “I understand now. Please. You’ll be quite safe. You have my word.” Even Anchille’s unique accent couldn’t dissuade me from my morbid thoughts. Crash and burn was all I kept repeating in my head, crash and burn!
“Mmm, we’ll see,” I murmured sourly. One of the dark haired men stuck his bottom lip out at me, while the other one shoved his arm. 
“Lina, Thomas and Charles have once had their qualms about flight, but now they are pros, isn’t that right?” he asked the men. They nodded.
“You’ll be just fine,” the older looking of the two offered me kindly. I barely could bring my eyes up above the window ledge. My stomach was a cinnamon roll, yet not nearly as pleasant.
I decided to keep my face forward, settling my sights on what was just three feet in front of me—the only part of this trip I could control. I knew my expression was pinched, was totally aware that I was acting displeased. I wasn’t trying to—it was unavoidable. It didn’t help that Thomas, the starrer, was engrossed in my nervous habits. He’d clasped his arms behind his head casually, as if he hadn’t a care in the world. You’re being rude, I wanted to say, but didn’t.
 “Going to get sick?” he broached forwardly, as if I were his much picked on sister.
“No,” I grumped back. It was kneejerk, and, it felt good...normal.
You might wanna slide over, just in case, I warned in my head. His amber eyes widened and his nose crinkled. I must’ve really looked like crap. He didn’t move to the other side but I was pretty sure he wanted to by the expression on his face.
“Thomas,” Charles seemed to caution him below his breath. The young man took his gaze away but I sensed it was with great reluctance.
He was handsome, strong, with a sort of rough appeal—Charles too. Their hair was dark, almost like, blue black above liquid gold eyes. I liked that they were trying hard not to look at me—it made it easier for me to gape at them. The car rocked to the side on account of the wind and I had to stifle a gag reflex. My brain felt fuzzy too. I could’ve killed for a slice of ginger as I pressed my fingertips to my forehead.
 “Taa e poubava od Anchille neka natamu, ne?” Thomas said in a strange dialect to Charles. Then he bellowed a hearty, too loud laugh.
 “Ti si odbivaJki Ja, idiot!” Charles snapped back at him. I looked at Anchille for help. I didn’t understand but I knew they were talking about me. My host grinned patiently.
 “Thomas says you’re more beautiful than I described.”
 “Oh,” I flushed red all over, which exacerbated my nausea. He wasn't going to play the role of big, annoying brother. He was the hitting on type. Okay I thought. I would be the, not if hell froze over type. The sound of my belly gnarling could not be mistaken. Charles looked annoyed at Thomas, as he handed me a glass of sprite. The bubbles fizzed up to my nose and I honestly could have kissed him. I felt the tip of Thomas’ shoe hit mine. His eyes bulged just as Charles forced him to sit back.
 “Forgive my brother, he’s an ass who says whatever he wants,” he offered. 
“It’s okay. Thank you for the soda.”
“Of course.”
Thomas was growing restless, raking his fingers in his hands.
“Ahmolina is an unusual name,” he blurted, in English this time. Stalker, and has impulse control issues. How fun. Charles quickly smacked the back of Thomas’ head; the sound was sharp and firm. 
 “Ow dammit!” he griped, rubbing the edge of his ear. It was only bright red for less than a second, before returning to an olive tan.
 “Shut up then!” Charles scorned him. I met Thomas’ eyes and he winked, still rubbing his wounded lobe. He didn’t appear hurt and nor did his ego. Neither of them was more than twenty-five I was sure, but it was clear straight off that Charles was by far the mature one.
“I didn’t mean it wasn’t pretty,” he added, barely apologetically, narrowing his gaze at his brother. “What’s it mean?” 
“Stop pestering her Thomas! She doesn’t feel well!” Charles scolded him again. I waved his concern away. 
“It’s fine. My father is..um, I mean was, Egyptian, like Anchille. The beginning of my name comes from some ancient queen, uh,” I stammered, “Ahmose.” I said it with a nervous tilt. They were mute. Okay. “The rest is for my grandmother, Linora.” Minute, visual recognition followed. “It’s a mouthful,” I grumbled, rolling my eyes, adding, “It’s totally lame.”
“It’s not lame at all. It reflects your soul, your legacy. You should be proud of it,” Anchille remarked tenderly.
 I tried to reciprocate maturely, my gratitude. What surfaced was more of my deprecating armor. I turned to the window, managing to at least mumble a thank you. The two brothers were silent as I watched their reflections in the glass. Charles glanced quickly to Anchille, who I sensed, nodded briefly. I could feel the three of them assessing me in wonder—finally the compliments, which I was lousy at receiving, worked at raising one corner of my mouth. It was moments like these that made me think of my grandma, made me remember her words so vividly. I bore a noble name within my family she’d always said, one that I was certain I wouldn’t live up to. 
The rain slowed and deep night approached. The last of the fuchsia sky was now cloaked in a blanket of blue. The car sped through the city in a blaze and I gripped the door handle for dear life. Anchille took notice of my agitation. My head lobbed forward and he caught it with his finger gently. I didn’t meet his eyes, instead I zeroed in on his black soled boots. I moved upwards from there, taking in his attire with surprise. For a magnate, he wasn’t what I’d expected at all and the photo certainly didn’t do him justice. I’d imagined him to be attached to a cell phone, half listening to everyone around him—the type of tycoon that goes to sleep in his suit! Anchille wasn’t like that at all. I decided he looked like a rock star, tailored in black with just the right amount of jewelry. He was painfully good looking. From his profile, I could see the light of his grey iris, and the straight slope of his nose that stopped just above two sculpted lips. Beneath his long jet hair, his skin was a shade darker than caramel and from what I could tell, had no imperfection. I could feel myself edging over the seat, positioning myself closer to him. I began to study the angular planes of his face and I was shocked that he was allowing it. He was letting me look! I pinched myself hard and quickly shot back into my seat, pressing my forehead to the glass. What the hell was wrong with me!? The back of the limo smelled too strong, like flowers and something else…earth—it smelled like wet grass and soil. My head was spinning again. Anchille rolled down my window. Droplets of moisture hit my face, and the cold air was so refreshing.
“Just moments now darling,” he assured me.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. A Palace
 
We reached Battersea and despite earlier storm warnings, another party awaited their own flight. We watched as three suits boarded a sapphire blue Dauphin. Its’ low whistle rose at lift off as they hovered momentarily over the Thames, before heading east into those troublesome clouds. Crewman in yellow and black crowded the front of a sleek silver helicopter; they waved to our party and my luggage was quickly and efficiently loaded. I stood with my back against the door, too frightened to leave its quiet safety and warmth and head into the screeching aircraft.
“It’s alright,” Anchille said in a soothing tone. The men circled us as we proceeded toward the crew. Thomas had a glazed donut clenched between his white teeth. The two of them looked like dogs going for a joyride. Jeez!
 “Good evening Sean. Are we ready to go?” Anchille asked the pilot. Then they embraced as if they were old friends. 
“Believe you’re my last one tonight Anchille. Then I’m home to Fi,” Sean sighed and it was apparent he’d put in too many hours. His red hair was disheveled and his blue eyes were sleepy. Great, I thought wryly.
Did no one else have the mental picture of us crashing and exploding into a fiery ball over the countryside! Did bodies actually look like charred pieces of meat on a grill after explosions? I despised myself for being so simple, but I just couldn’t help it. Anchille laughed as he slid his long arm around my quivering waist. He ushered me inside the death trap and placed a set of headphones over my reluctant head. Anchille whispered that we’d be there before I knew it. I prayed his words were true and that this flying bat mobile, would get us to our destination safe and sound. I could feel myself clenching, squeezing my rear while my eyes slammed shut. Sean—our pilot, slash comedian—appeared confident enough to get us to the Lake District in one unharmed piece. The sound of the engine grew louder as we hovered. The helicopter’s nose pointed downward and I could just see the enormous ripples in the water before we increased our speed, turning left into the skyline. Thomas held the earphones tightly. He appeared just as uncomfortable as me and then I heard a low sound like a muffled wailing. My eyebrows pulled together in speculation, but as soon as we made eye contact, he grinned awkwardly, giving me a thumbs up. Charles skimmed through a crisp new magazine, seemingly untroubled and perfectly at ease. I buried my head in my hand, my elbow propped on the arm rest. I was trapped, and not even the waft of the Gucci and Chanel perfumed pages of Vogue, could distract me. 
 “Close your eyes, if you like. I’m quite sure when you open them again, it will all be over.” Anchille tucked his fore-finger under my chin delicately. I felt a slight sting from his touch, but it didn’t hurt. It felt nice, actually.
If it weren’t for Sean’s astute crash and explode jokes, conveyed in a Cockney drawl, I might’ve actually been able to relax. I propped my head against the leather cushion, resting my lash on the safety belt. I hummed softly to myself. It was difficult to focus on only one tune and by the time I’d realized it, I’d recalled at least forty songs. Anchille tapped my shoulder later, and I realized he was right, our trip was over. We were circling a long stretch of land—at least a few thousand acres—which was secluded high in the Cumbrian Mountains. What a glorious place, and I was sure, even more colorful and alive in daylight. I could make out a silver lined drive that wound into the thick trees and disappeared. Beyond sat the Bhari’s estate. This wasn’t an ordinary home; there was nothing meager or understated about it. It was a palace; an enormous, sprawling mansion made of rich sandstone and covered in foliage. Good grief! It was a small village.
 “I’ve never seen anything like it,” I admitted humbly. “There’s nothing, for miles, is there?” I inquired, suddenly becoming a bit nervous. I started to hear Jaime’s forewarning in my head again, questioning my judgment to move in with people I’ve never met. Damn him! Damn him for planting that stupid seed of paranoia! It was now lodged in my throat.
“We have anonymity out here, yes,” Anchille mused, gazing lovingly at his home. “Does that bother you?”
Um, that depends, are you gonna torture, then kill me?
“No, no it doesn’t bother me,” I answered too quick and too loud. Liar, liar, pants on fire!
“Not many people venture this far into the mountains Lina, at least not with any regularity. I’m sure you’ll find we have all the latest media, so that you feel quite connected with the outside world.” Anchille leaned back toward his own window; a satisfied look on his youthful face. Oh, you’re gonna hack me up aren’t you? I knew you were too pretty! I could not stop obsessing. It was so bad and I was really starting to do a number on myself.
How could I have traveled so far without knowing for sure I’d be safe? What was this force that was driving me ahead into the unknown? We stood outside the craft, waiting as the crew put our luggage in yet another waiting car, which would drive us the rest of the way to the main house. Sean came round to shake hands with Anchille and the brothers. When he turned to me there was such latent mirth in his eyes. He was so exhausted but behind that glazed over look, he appeared enlightened. 
“Good luck Miss,” he tipped his hat.
“Night, thanks for…not killing us,” I returned the bidding with a comical wave. Everyone chuckled.
 “It was my pleasure.” 
“Come Lina. We’re seconds away now,” Anchille coaxed.
We drove along a winding gravel path, until meeting the black stone driveway which I’d seen from the sky. I craned my neck out the window as we entered. Two obelisks loomed overhead, marking the way to their home. They were smaller than the ones in Egypt but still, they were astonishing—twenty feet at least. My mouth fell open as we drove on. Multi-colored shrubs, exotic plants and thousands of twinkling white lights lined the front of the mansion. It was the length of a football field, three stories and enveloped with garlands of ivy and purple vines. Deep violet flowers hung loosely from those vines, and around the walls that led to iron posts at the gates. Surrounding the entire compound, like the arms of a cradle, were the finest and most abundant preserve of woods; beyond lay the picturesque backdrop of the heavenly fells. Anchille had mentioned the names of the mountains as we circled—they were Scafell Pike and Great Gable. To the east was what was called the Lake District—an area blooming with rich history, enlivened by quaint villages, smaller fells, and sparkling lakes, which the people here called tarns.
I took Anchille’s hand, which completely engulfed my own, and let him escort me up the many granite steps to the front doors. This place was pure magic, like a fairytale…enchanted and ethereal. And although I was certain the air was much too cold for me to smell, I was drowning in the fragrant bowery that hugged their home. Aromatic lilac, roses, lilies, and orchids together, created a unique perfume and even the ancient trees, with their weathered arms, and solemn lean, were magnificent. Heaven, this was heaven. At the corners of the wide staircase stood two feline statues, six feet high and painted like shiny obsidian. Their wide paws gripped the edges of the stone perches below and their eyes were made of jewels, the shade of indigo. The lids were lined in black and swept gracefully to the corners, just above their cheekbones. I immediately thought of the Mau’s from my father’s history books, the ones the Egyptian’s had so revered, worshiped even. These two had an unspoken strength in their eyes and they were stunning.I was suddenly so excited. I stretched my hand toward the glass, which was embossed with thin bands of metal and microscopic crystals. Beyond the entrance I could see shapes moving fluidly back and forth. Anchille slipped his cool fingers in mine as we walked closer. Inside the large foyer sat two tables, each one possessed long glass flutes, with stems of purple Calla Lilies leaning elegantly towards us. I ventured to touch one, to smell it maybe, but something stopped me. They stood apart from all else, in such an unobtainable way. I decided to keep my hands to myself for now and just observe quietly. 
The marble archway was made entirely of hematite and the floors were the same black pearl from the photograph. The tiles reflected everything above, things that stood still as well as what moved. I bent over to see my image in one single square. Anchille laughed at my marveling. A brilliant chandelier made of sparkling Strauss crystals and lights hung overhead. I stood beneath it, again with my mouth open obscenely, arms dangling at my sides. This place was Divinity, but definitely not a person’s cozy abode. It was so cold, too cold. My eyes scaled the vaulted ceilings and the span of crown molding that decorated every inch. There were many dark corridors and too many closed rooms to count on the second level. I felt it needed yards of red velvet rope and brass markers to block areas off, like in a museum. How did anyone sleep here comfortably I wondered, especially because it felt about forty degrees inside?
 “My love,” a deep voice called.
“Darling?” Anchille answered her. They spoke so proper for a couple so young, at least I thought so. They, like Charles and Thomas, couldn’t have been more than thirty, and that was being prudent in respect to my own eighteen years.
I waited for Isis to appear, and my exhilaration mounted as I thought about the woman from the photo. Would she be the same, or would my expectations far exceed themselves, as they had with Anchille and their home? She appeared from beneath the far right staircase, her graceful body covered in shimmery silk. Beneath it, her smooth cocoa skin dazzled. Her eyes from afar, appeared grey like her husbands, but as she drew closer I noticed they had a flash of some hidden fire. I pulled my hands behind my back, withdrawing as she glided forward at molten speed. Her face was excruciatingly beautiful and I realized that she and Anchille could be twins. He felt my body tensing, and he placed his hand at my lower back. It was a bit forceful, as if he thought I would bolt. I wasn’t sure I wouldn’t. 
“Safe trip?” she asked him, her voice, not tinkling like Avati’s, but riveting nonetheless in its regality. 
“Mmm,” he acknowledged as he kissed her hand. Isis was everything I imagined Nefertiti to be: tall, gorgeous, and very intimidating. They kissed then, long and passionately, as if there were only the two of them in the room. I tried to look away but it was so hard. I became the gawking passerby at an accident. Did people really make out like that, in public?!
Thomas came up behind me and pressed his lips to my ear.
“They do it all the time. Best get used to it now.” Then he rudely cleared his throat. I immediately glared at him even though I was thankful. Isis broke away from her husband’s loving arms and took in my presence. Her stone-like face, which moments ago had terrified me, was soon animated with a kind of motherly joy.
“Oh Anchille, the child is so lovely,” she cooed as she further disengaged from his embrace. I could see by his impinging frown that he wasn’t ready to let her go. Isis moved away regardless—mellifluously, she floated two more steps over the terrazzo, her hand outstretched to the rich umber walls in a seductive, almost possessive way. My skin prickled and I cleared my own throat.
“Ahlan,” I said, meekly as a mouse. I wanted to impress her with my very, very limited Arabic. She leaned down to meet my face—it seemed like it took a year. Was I really that short?
“Welcome,” she answered, in un-interrupted English. 
I was horrified. My aunt warned me once, that often people from other countries grew tired of Americans, bludgeoning their native language. They preferred us to stick with what we knew best—nasally, round consonants with absolutely no hope of fluidity. Isis watched as my expression soured. 
She added, “Izzayik?” (How are you?) Her lips were full and sensual as she flashed me a winning smile. 
“Um,” I stammered then thought quickly, “ana kwayisa, shokran, Mrs. Bhari.” I told her I was fine and thank you.
“Mrs. Bhari!” She railed with laughter. “Call me Isis, please.”
“Okay,” I agreed right away. I did not want to do anything to upset this woman, ever! She extended her hand. I took a small step to her but halted when I felt such coldness reach my face. I inadvertently glanced behind me, to see if Thomas or Charles had left the door open. They hadn’t. When our fingers touched my entire body trembled. I inhaled her scent. It was so powerful, like musk roses mixed with something sticky sweet. Was it honey? Isis’ laugh was smooth and velvety—behind it, there was a distinct echo. I wondered if I was imagining it. I tried not to stare, tried not to notice the silhouette of her supple body, or the round of her breasts protruding through the shear gauze-like gown. Surely this wasn’t appropriate attire for meeting with the help. Not that I was judging. I was envious.
“Thomas?” she called over my head. “Take Lina’s things to her quarters won’t you.”
“Of course,” he complied. He and Charles scooped up my luggage and carted it away noiselessly. I was left alone with my royal hosts. I shifted and my boots made a terrible squeaking noise on their immaculate floor. 
“Hungry?” she asked me, ignoring the disturbance.
“Kind of.”
“This way,” she entreated, linking Anchille in her arm and moving ahead. I followed in tow, down a dimly lit corridor to the right of the foyer.I was practically trotting to keep up.
On our left were six-foot oil paintings, and to the right, a glass enclosure with views of the outer veranda and lawns. Classical music was playing softly in the background as we made our way. Between the paintings were Egyptian sculptures—semi clothed and arching their backs to the sky. Hieroglyphs had been etched into the walls too—it gave the eclectic palace, a very authentic feel. Maybe it was just my wishful thinking, but it felt like parts of me had become sharper since arriving—definitely my eyes, and especially my sense of smell. I was already melding to this new place, becoming a part of it. A semi triumphant smile formed at my lips, right as Isis turned around. I straightened up just in time.
 “So, can you bear to stay with us for a while?” she asked, like she’d known my last thoughts. I slid my hand over my eyes to feign contempt.
“I guess I can tolerate it, for a while.” 
Her musical laughter filled the air as Anchille opened the way to a lavish dining hall. I peeked in and around the gorgeous room but soon felt a peculiar pang in my belly. It was like a low current, a rippling—I didn’t understand it, and certainly couldn’t pinpoint why it made me feel uneasy. But the moment I had agreed to stay with them, a door closed. Instinct told me this was no ordinary door; this was a very heavy, very old one, which cut me off completely from my old life. I was simultaneously excited and afraid and the paradox of those emotions began to feel suffocating. Could I ignore that in order to have this new life that I wanted so badly, I wondered? 
 
 
 
 
 

3. Unexpected
 
After the dining hall, I followed Isis and Anchille through another door off the main room, which led into a smaller cook’s kitchen. It was bright white, with wooden cabinets, a center island, stainless steel appliances, and a double gas stove. A far door led outside, but was typically only used by staff, Isis mentioned.
“Lina,” Isis began, “tell us of your home.” She was lightly circling her long finger around her wine glass, tipping it just so that the red contents swirled to the rim but didn’t spill. I kept waiting for it to run over, but nothing happened. She was so still—so sedate. I jerked my own hands from the table and she frowned. “Is something the matter?”
“No!” I half shrieked. Good God in Heaven, get a grip, I told myself. “No, nothing’s wrong. I’m sorry, what did you want to know?”
“What are your parents like? What interests you?” She peered over her shoulder at Anchille who was preparing food near the stove. A moment passed between them and then Isis focused back on me. These were appropriate questions for a couple who’ve just hired a stranger to look after their children. Answer dammit! Answer before they retract their offer!
“Oh,” I mumbled, trying to play it off casually. “Um, my mom, Constance, is, ahh…” I had to swallow to finish. Suddenly talking about the person I loved more than the waking world felt like mud in my throat. “She’s, she’s great, really, she’s everything to me. She’s my best friend. And, Chicago’s cool, but I really loved New York. That’s where we lived before my mom married my step-dad.”
“What’s his name?”
“Costas.” I never could say his name without a touch of disdain.
“And how long have they married?”
“Wow,” I said, dropping my shoulders. I felt like she’d just hit me with a chair to the face.
“Lina?”
“Eight years, this December,” I offered fast.
“What about your real father?” she asked, as if she’d only inquired about the weather. My heart ached.
“He died.”
“I’m so sorry; I’m so terribly sorry Lina. We both are.”
“It’s fine. It’s been a long time. I’m over it.” That was the biggest lie I’d ever told in my life. But I had to tell that one. I would keep telling it, to anyone that asked or cared because eventually, it would be true. “Can we talk about something else? You can ask me anything you like honestly, I will tell you whatever you need to know in order for me to stay. I just can’t talk about my dad.”
“Of course. We understand, please, forgive our intrusion.”
“It’s okay,” I told her. “Let’s see. I spent the last four years in Chicago. It was hard transferring like that but I made friends pretty quickly and that helped to make things easier. I love art, painting mostly and music and I took dance for years, but I don’t do that anymore. I’m not religious but spiritual. Uh, I can drive a stick shift and I don’t eat meat a lot. I enjoy going to museums and love learning new languages. Officials in preschool tried telling my mom that I had ADHD, all because I didn’t want to listen to the teacher read the story, I wanted to read it myself. She told them to go to hell.” They laughed. “She says I inherited the genius gene, although I’ve yet to see evidence to support that. I made moderate marks in school and terrible choices in boys and I can be impulsive. Sometimes I swear, like when I get nervous, but never around my elders…or your children.” I took a breath. “Was that too honest? Do you wanna send me back now?”
They laughed again. “Absolutely not!”
I sighed. “I pretty much had a normal childhood. I graduated. I live here now.” I shrugged.
“We see.”
Please don’t ask me if I have a boyfriend. Please don’t ask me if I have a boyfriend.
“Ready to eat?” Anchille asked, setting a plate before me.
Whew! “Yes, I am starving. Thank you.”
“You’re most welcome.” He winked. “Lina?”
“Hmm?”
“We find you lovely and charming, and witty.”
“Yes,” Isis concurred. “We would have no one else here with us, impulsivity and all!”
I stopped devouring a second. “My friends think I’m crazy for moving here.”
“Why?”
“They’re all going college. Where I live, a teenager skipping the country to live with strangers isn’t exactly, accepted,” I used quotes.
“You followed your heart, didn’t you?” 
“Yeah.”
“Then you have nothing to feel badly about.”
Tell that to my mother, I thought sourly.
I took a final bite then slid the plate forward. “Shukran,” I told Anchille with a spirited smile. 
“Very good,” he complimented, “And you are most welcome.”
I hadn’t been able to stop thinking of all my messes back home, but the meal was warm and made all my ill feelings and worries melt away. No matter what fears I had of the foreseeable future, I was content to stay put for a while. I liked it here, and I really liked Isis and Anchille. Two rambunctious boys flitted into the room then—they tussled about, their tiny fists clamoring for the other’s skin. 
“You cheated!” accused the little one. His soft caramel locks were sweaty from exercise. 
“Ou! I did not cheat, fibba, you did! We’re not supposed to use mag-” 
“Boys!” Anchille tried to get their attention. When they didn’t obey it was Isis who intervened.
“al-Astrkha!” Anchille then snagged both boys. They continued to jostle around, holding each other collar to collar until their father growled paternally. Finally their faces showed total submission. Once they weren’t tugging around and I could actually see them I was speechless.
“Darlings, this in Lina. I expect you to be on your best behavior,” Isis warned. Her grey eyes glimmered under the flat overhead lighting. The boys straightened at the sound of their mother’s firm tone. 
The children were lovely; their round faces were pulsating and aglow. The taller of the two—who was Ashmolean the eldest, but only by seconds I’d learned—had an un-fair shade of bronze hair, it was unruly. His skin was an even rosy copper, and above his miniature pink mouth, were the brightest blue-grey eyes I’d ever seen. Their looks were so disarming. 
“Say hi Ashmolean,” Anchille prompted him, with a nudge to his back.
“Hello Miss Lina.” His voice was perplexing, now that the loud shuffling of chairs had ceased. This three year old child didn’t sound like a baby at all. He sounded like a young man. His tone was so precise, so developed. The delicate skin over my face chilled at his cool touch and I could have sworn I felt his hand begin to retract because of that.
“Hello,” I told him. “You’re daddy tells me you like to be called Ash, is that right?”
“Um-hmm,” he muttered, still marveling at my fingers in his small hand. Khan very quickly assumed the position in front of his brother. His sturdy movements were too strong, too calculated for one so small. 
“It’s my turn!” he yelped, un-locking his brother’s fingers from mine.
“Patience love,” Isis chided him gently.
“Sorry,” he amended. His muddled Egyptian/British accent was so sweet.
“It’s alright,” I told him, giving him my hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you too, Khan.” His skin felt smooth, like a dove’s feathers and his little face was round, set by a golden crown of curls. He had the most satiny black lashes which lined his grey lenses. He batted them preciously up at me, as if he knew I was admiring them. I had a feeling he was the precocious one. Khan brought his dimpled hand to my cheek so fast it was a blur. Before I could begin to be shocked he offered a sugary compliment.
“You’re pretty.”
“Thank you.” I flushed in consequence. Khan inhaled, leaning in to take a bigger sniff of my mouth.
“You smell…good too,” he added promptly. His top lip just barely touched mine and I froze, unable to move. His eyes danced like a baby tiger, about to tear at the flesh of a new carcass. Isis nipped a low order to her child. It was nearly inaudible above a sound like…purring?
 “Wahed. Ithnaan. Thalatha,” she informed him. Khan recoiled slowly, a look of confusion and regret on his face. I didn’t know what had happened, it all felt so surreal. Then Khan’s face squinted tightly, his eyes became two narrow almonds.
 “You don’t have to count at me!” he complained in a low braze. Isis scowled at the grey eyed baby. As soon as she did Khan grew calm, complacent.
 “Lina, I’ll take you to your quarters now. We’ll have more time to get acquainted tomorrow,” Anchille offered. The children lay at Isis feet, content as if moments prior there had been no reprimand. Had I missed something? It didn’t matter if I had; I was too exhausted to think about it. I could have lied on a bed of bones, if anyone even offered. Ash and Khan watched me with such innocent wonder; they were so—awake. Isis scooped them into her arms.
“Anchille, can you please,” she signaled for him to take them. He did so gladly and dotingly. Isis face looked worried somehow. I wondered why.
 “Say goodnight boys,” Anchille told them. They quickly protested.
“But Daddy?” Khan squealed. He struggled to be free of his father’s hold.
“Kahn,” cautioned Isis, and she started forward, but Anchille held her away with a firm yet loving wave. His laughter was soothing after an awkward silence and then I thought I had things figured out. I walked over to Anchille and Khan, who was watching me excitedly.
“You’re not a biting baby are you?” I teased him, softly poking his tummy. His giggle was so cute we all started to laugh.
“I wouldn’t bite you,” he promised. 
“Good, because I bite back!” I said, snapping my teeth at him teasingly. 
“Daddy, I like her.” He swiveled into Anchille more and twined his fingers within his hair.
“Yes. I like her too,” he said with a chuckle. On their way out of the cooks’ kitchen, Ash whispered something to Anchille.
“She’s just like us father.”
“Shh, yes my son. She is very special…just like you,” Anchille added with a tap to the toddler’s nose. Isis followed them into the walkway. She turned over her shoulder and announced that Anchille would show me to my quarters soon. I followed to the doorway and watched as they glided along the glass corridor. Khan kissed Isis’ face and stared at me.
“Will Lina stay long mummy?” he asked, his voice echoing back.
“I hope so my love,” Isis assured him.
“She reminds me of Uncle Thomas and Uncle Charles. She’s like them too, isn’t she?” he questioned.
“Yes, I believe so darling. Now hush, off to bed.” She started to sing a lullaby in his ear as they all disappeared beyond the end doors. I went and sat down at the kitchen table alone. It was too quiet without them. It was creepy. I rubbed my arms gingerly as I waited.
I pondered what the children had meant, that I was like them. What an odd thing to say, unless what they’d meant was that I looked Egyptian like them? I decided that was the explanation I was going with. To entertain any of my other theories, at that point, was premature. My fears had already begun to mount the moment I’d stepped into the Bhari’s world. First it was those strangers at the airport watching us and then the eeriness of this place—it was enough to drive a sane person crazy. It was probably just all too much to process—my decision to leave Chicago, my abandoning my mother, turning Jaime’s proposal down—I knew I wouldn’t get a handle on it, at least not the first night. I shriveled from my thoughts and was just about to put my head down when Anchille came back for me. He offered me a hand and for a moment I allowed myself to stare at him, as I had in the car. He let me and this time he even stopped moving, to make the experience that much more pronounced. I laughed nervously and shook my head.
“I’m really tired I think.”
“To bed?” he asked.
“Please.” I knew I could ruin this lovely dream, with my half-witted fantasies. Everything was fine. I was fine. Breathe, I told myself, just breathe.
 I would put my irritating and knocking fears away, at least until tomorrow when I was more alert and equipped to deal with them. No sense getting worked up yet. But I suddenly felt certain that whatever inner worries I was beginning to have, would certainly resurface no matter how much I suppressed them. I had to ask myself if I cared, or at the very least how much? Did it matter that they were so obviously, if not frighteningly different from me? Did it matter that the lengths taken for me to feel comfortable and safe, bordered on overkill? And of course, was it a possibility that I was in fact driving myself mad with wild fanatical thoughts about them, so much that I was literally beginning to envision the worst outcome imaginable? Self-fulfilling prophecies could be a real pain in the neck. Or maybe my mom had me watch Dateline too much. Damn her! All scenarios were plausible, but I didn’t want things to end before they’d had a chance to begin. My longing to be here, my raw desire to stay with them already, before truly knowing them or what I was getting myself into, was much stronger, far more powerful than those fears. I would just shut up, and stay! 
Anchille was silent as we moved through the mansion. It was still lit with burning candles, and I watched as ghostly shadows danced along the walls. Not helping in the fear department, I thought grimly! Anchille’s movements were quick, accurate and noiseless, while my boots made loud squeaks even over the heavily carpeted areas. I produced the clamor of an entire city block! I apologized. He only smiled and continued. We approached a large painting on my left and I stopped. A silver haired man sat in a high back chair, suit legs crossed, weathered hands folded in his lap. The expression on his face reminded me of someone—as I leaned closer I realized, not just any someone. The removed silvery gaze was identical, even the hardened desert features were the same. The bone structure was definitely a match and that hidden smirk, yes—there in the corners of the mouth…so familiar. I felt Anchille close behind me.
“You’ve found Menaan, my father,” he told me. 
“He looks so, I don’t know, this is crazy!”
“What?”
“I feel like I’ve seen him before,” I admitted, knowing it was impossible. “Do you ever see faces like that, that you think you know?”
“He has one of those faces,” Anchille shrugged an awkward smile. Not likely, I thought. I never forgot people, ever.
 “Where is he now?” I asked. In my throat, was the same burn I felt whenever I thought of my dad. I wanted to cry all of a sudden.
 “He’s gone,” Anchille answered darkly, his eyes became distant, consequently, just like Menaan’s, and my dad’s. Goose pimples filled my face and neck.
“I’m sorry.” I tried to read his face but there was nothing. His gaze offered no answers, but when he’d said gone, dead was what he meant. “When did he die?”
“Too many years to count,” he said, moving ahead slowly.
I followed him but still kept an eye on Menaan, who seemed to be watching me. Eerie freaking oil paintings! I turned back expecting to see Anchille but instead I found my dead grandmother smiling at me. 
“Holy sh—!” I stifled a curse through my scream. Anchille whirled around on me with wide eyes. I was practically hyperventilating.
“Are you alright?”
He couldn’t see her? Oh thank the Lord! But how could he not see this filmy white hologram of a little old brown lady?! Nani? Nani, what are you doing here?! She didn’t say anything. She looked at Anchille and then to me and finally she simply held up her finger to her lips. I kept staring at her until I realized that he was waiting for an appropriate explanation. I didn’t have one. What was I supposed to say? Hi, sometimes my dead grandmother likes to just pop up whenever the mood strikes…like in the middle of my pre-calc exam! Huh!
“Anchille I’m so sorry for acting like this. You must think I’m out of my mind. I really just am so exhausted, and I promise you, that after a good night sleep, I will be…not like this anymore.”
“You’ve no need to explain Lina. These are big changes for someone so young. You’re far from home, far from anyone and anything comforting. It makes perfect sense that you should feel out of place, even frightened perhaps?”
I agreed with a nod, still watching my grandma.
“Let’s get you to bed.”
“M'okay.”
Linora still had the smoothest chocolate skin, and her round, honey colored eyes were animate as ever—even in death, she was the Good French Lady. But why did she do this now? Could the hereafter be so humdrum, that my gran found earth news superior? Or was it that I was so interesting, me, and all my ridiculousness? Was my life now her reality t.v.? The palpitations of my heart gave my panic away but she just kept smiling, as if her being here was not nearly as disturbing as it actually was. I loved her so much but I really resented her ghostly voyeurism! It was just not normal. Her endearing cackle echoed through the walls. This time Anchille moved, if only his head, which cocked back to check on me. Linora de-materialized into the wall like a freaking dementor, only, her frizzy haze was white and non-threatening. I smiled nervously to Anchille, quickly falling in step with him. Finally, at the very back-end of the corridor, he spun me into a giant room of Gothic furniture, draped in plum accented throws and embroidered pillows. There were glass top end tables, suspended over iron felines. Above them were the same silver flute vases like in the foyer, filled with violet Calla Lilies. Along the Prussian painted walls sat four strategically placed Dante’s chairs, each had indigo cushions and hand carved feet. In front of a marble fireplace were two sleigh couches facing one another, and again the velvet cushions were a deep shade of purple, almost black. For some reason I thought of Jaime and his parent’s estate, in Winnetka—probably because it was decorated similarly to this. Their palatial brick manor—way the hell too big for four people, if you asked me—sat alone up on a man-made mound, deliberately keeping a distance from the less fortunate. There weren’t even any less fortunate in Winnetka—the village was all have’s, not have-not’s. The landscape and location had been Jaime’s mother’s idea and no one else’s, social-climbing hag that she was. I perused the room happily until making a pleasing realization: the Macleod’s abode could fit inside the Bhari’s dining hall, snug perhaps, but comfy nonetheless. I grinned from ear to ear. It was a minor, yet personal victory for me. I hated Jaime’s mother and she hated me. Was that the real reason for our break-up? Oh yuck! I didn’t want to think about that right now. Back to my new living space which was an unfathomable dream. The mixed period furniture was brilliant, in my estimation anyway. I set one bag on a nearby tea table, alongside a vessel of midnight Orchids. Wide flames ebbed from the wood, creating a gentle crackling from the hearth—it made the room warm, much warmer than the rest of the house. I was so grateful for that. I sat down, preparing to un-load and get some sleep on the sofa.
“Lina?” Anchille called from another door, further inside the room. 
“Yeah?” I replied, kicking off my boots.
“This is merely your sitting room,” he announced.
I gasped. “There’s more?”
“Mmm,” he hummed, beckoning I come to him. “Beyond this archway is your new bedroom. You’ll also find a private passage to the gardens, the forest, and a small, man-made stream. Great care was taken to make it as serene and natural as possible. There's plentiful wildlife as well. In addition to enjoying your new accommodations, I do hope you take time to explore.”
“Oh, I will.”
I turned to face a princess bed as tall as the ceiling. Delicate flowers were sculpted into six inch thick wrought iron posts, in the shape of calla lilies. The bedclothes were black-violet, which I’d decided moments before, was my new favorite color. The skirt beneath hung in a dainty ruffle along the perimeter. 
“Anchille,” I whispered his name unintentionally, as I ran my fingers along the bedding.
 “Does it suit?” he queried. How could it not? 
“I never imagined,” I held my lips, “it’s so….” I wanted this—I knew that I wanted to be nowhere else. To hell with feeling afraid! I squealed as I danced further into the room. I could feel his mirth at my back. He watched serenely as I explored.
A canopy? I had a canopy! I also had my very own bathroom to rival a pro ball player. In addition to that, there was an ornately detailed armoire, a black vanity with a zillion toiletries displayed over a lace cover, and a hematite bowl of clear water with a matching pitcher. It was like stepping inside a Jane Austen novel. I was in love.
“Is it enough?” Anchille surveyed, folding his arms over his chest. I turned back to him and shook my head.
“More than.”
“Good. On the wall you will find an intercom, should you need anything. One of the servants or maids will assist you without delay. If you need to reach myself or Isis you may push the center button. That will ring directly into our personal quarters.” He pointed to a box on the wall near the door. He then rubbed his fingers over his smooth forehead, puzzling over his thoughts a moment. I agreed joyously and probably idiotically, to everything he’d said. 
“Ah one thing more and I shall leave you my dear.” His eyes twinkled in the firelight. “If there is anything we, or I can do to make you more comfortable, please do not hesitate.”
“Oh, I’m good,” I announced happily. “Just gonna run and pounce on that huge bed as soon as you leave.” I laughed, eyeing the double mattresses with fervor. He cocked a brow; a slight grin animated his seraphic face. 
“Why wait,” he suggested. I took one look at it and ran, flying up and landing on my tummy. I couldn’t stop laughing as I stood up and began jumping. I hadn't done it in years and it felt so good.
“How is it?” he asked, standing near the post, legs crossed at the floor. 
“There’s not much give,” I teased, jumping harder. Anchille laughed. “Kidding.” Actually I wasn’t. The bed was hard. This palace did have flaws, but…not many. 
A solid peace danced in Anchille’s bright eyes. He was perfection. I hated to admit—since it seemed inappropriate—that he startled me. It’s like that moment when you’ve caught sight of something so glorious, so astonishing that you think your eyes have played tricks on you. It was like that with Anchille. I was certain he knew this. How could he not know the effect he had over people? And then I noticed the slight difference, the obscurity which had been almost undetectable but had always been there. I watched his stillness. I waited for there to be a shifting, a motion of imminent retire, but there was nothing, not even a breath—he was a statue. I shuddered so violently but I couldn’t look away. I was mesmerized. His black silky hair fell around his shoulders, surrounding him with a peculiar light. It exhumed his copper skin, creating an undeniable aura. Auras were something I'd been accustomed to seeing my whole life. I neither loved nor loathed the gift. It was passed down to me, and I dealt with it. The thing was, most people's aura's were muted, colorful sure, this one blue, that one red, some dark, almost black. I stayed clear of those ones. Negativity was plentiful enough in our world, without joining the lot. Children fascinated me too—the purple, was so mysterious, and always left me feeling strangely close to whatever higher power created all of us. But Anchille's, was like nothing I'd ever seen. It was the absence of color, which as an artist I know to be black...no, this was full on light, and it was magnetic. I watched it, perhaps a second too long, the way the ether moved in and out and all around him, streams of gold, white, and something brighter than even that. I felt tingling in my cheeks and fingers, forcing me to look away. Life finally flickered at his lips and as they turned upward, his face took the shape of a boy. I knew he wasn’t a boy—I wasn’t even sure he was a man. Ugh! God, why did I just think that?! My heart thumped twice and I stepped back on my heel. If a scream could’ve ripped from my throat it would have. I held my hand over my mouth, which, by his reaction, was infinitely worse than gasping and shrieking. I dropped my hand cold. He murmured so gently that I was certain his mouth hadn’t even moved. Did he say that it was okay? I trembled again. I was so freaked out, but I tried not to let it show. We stared at one another for several moments, and the electricity I’d felt upon arrival, grew stronger, more incontestable. I began having the sensation that I'd taken one too many ibuprofens. Euw, icky tummy.
 “Uh, I should go to bed now,” I tried to sound as gracious as possible, without giving him a thumb to the door in case I ralphed. He looked at me so attentively.
“Sleep well.” His voice held a yearning that I didn’t understand. Anchille moved to the sitting room and in moments I heard the heavy door click into place. 
Afterward a chill settled in the room and I wrapped my arms around myself for security. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. Restless
 
I was alone, but for some reason I still felt unsettled. I walked into the parlor and took a seat on one of the couches, next to the fireplace. The quiet was disturbing even though I’d asked for it. I turned up my i-pod—without putting in my buds—still, the dull roar of music helped. I was being stupid and paranoid I knew, but seeing Linora had just made things so much worse. Her track record has proven time and again, that she only shows up when someone is about to die. I pulled my collar out from my neck and looked around at the walls and ceiling. Gran? 
Other than the whistle from the chimney flue, I was totally alone. 
“Lina, you are a freak!” I shook my head and went straight for the bathroom to brush my teeth and wash my face. I made sure I saw where Thomas and Charles had placed my luggage, double checking that my passport, phone and emergency money was in order. When I’d secured my belongings I decided to call home. My mom would be up watching some silly re-run, and most likely praying to St. Christopher I hadn’t burnt to a crisp in a plane crash! How did I come by my flair for drama?
“Hello?” she answered sleepily. 
“Hey mom,” I said. In the background the t.v. set was turned up a bit loud. She was watching a Jimmy Stewart film—I could always place his distinctive voice. 
“Baby! Oh honey, I’ve been worried about you all day, or night, whatever, you know what I mean! Are you okay?”
“Oh yeah, I’m here, and all in one, un-broiled piece.”
“Thank Christopher,” she sighed dramatically. See. She probably crossed herself when she said it too! My mom turned down the volume.
“Which one tonight?”
“Vivacious Lady. Ginger is so divine, isn’t she?” 
“Gorgeous,” I laughed while shaking my head. “I miss you.”
“I miss you too. How is it, is everything okay there sweetie?” her tone almost penitent, as though she’d been the one to shove me out into the world, instead of the other way around.
“It’s all fine mom.”
“Oh, I just hate when you fly.”
“I don’t ever fly.”
“Well, I hate the idea of it then.”
“You’re weird,” I snorted. She ignored my comment, completely. She was a tad ADD that way. I learned at an early age just to go with it, even if her cute mind rambled from one topic to the next at lightning speed. My step-dad would just stop talking altogether, figuring it would be his turn to speak, eventually.
“Did you eat something?” she inquired. “Plane food is so awful. You know I just read somewhere that they were serving bad...”
“Yes mom, yes I ate,” I replied, looking into the vanity mirror. I had indigestion actually—must be the spices. That’s funny. I grew up on hot dishes and Costas hardly ever made anything that I could spell. What was wrong with me tonight? If she could only see my peaked face and fearful eyes, she’d know the truth—that I was a mess. But that didn’t matter. What mattered was putting her heart at rest. She could be quite the alarmist.
“What’s it like, are they nice?” she demanded, disregarding my jetlagged voice and the late hour.
“Mom, it’s like five o’clock in the morning for you, go back to bed. I’m sure Costas doesn’t want you down on the couch. I’ll call you later okay, we’ll talk then. I’m fine and safe, everything’s great. I was not left waiting long before Mr. Bhari picked me up. It’s beautiful country and their house is…” I stopped. 
“What, what is it baby?” she pressed. I shivered as I thought of my grandma again. Seeing apparitions and auras wasn't something I really shared with my mom. Only once, when I was five, and staring daggers at a man I who I could swear was about to commit a crime, she asked me, “See something honey?” Of course I shook my head no, briskly returning my attention to whatever trinket I'd been playing with moments before. I've always wondered if what she'd really been insinuating was, “Is it a bad man?” and “Should mommy call the police?” 
“Nothing,” I said aloud. “Their house is amazing and I just wanna get to sleep so that I’m ready for tomorrow, y’know.” I hoped she would not pressure me further.
“Sure baby. But don’t forget, promise?” she urged.
“Of course mom, love you too much.”
“Love you too much rabbit,” she whispered back.
After we’d said goodnight it was so hard to hang up the phone, even though the sullen dial tone had been sounding for more than a minute. I simply sat holding it, wishing I could pull her through into this world. I missed her. I missed my mother so badly that it physically hurt to think about it. I crawled into bed. There would be no more jumping tonight. My eyes surrendered.
It didn’t take much to realize I was dreaming. I was surrounded by woodland creatures straight out of a J.R.R. Tolkien book. I was content to stay for a while, until I saw them. Black hooded figures, three in all and they were only twenty yards away, preparing to move through the fairy folk and by any means necessary. The wraiths were shoving to get through, each second getting closer to me. They were watching hard, just as they had at Heathrow. Apart from a hawk’s wing that flapped high above the misty tree-tops, there was no noise, no tremble. I squeezed my hands together to stop from shaking, peering around a trunk once more to see if they’d gone. They remained, but the light beings had all vanished—leaving me behind with these monsters. I tried to will myself to wake, to reach finger by finger for the top of my consciousness. It was useless and then I smelled something hot and vile. It was putrid, like ten thousands burning corpses in my midst. Six feet away, something exhaled heavily. It snuffed the ground several times, shifting its weight to the left and right—waiting. I had no weapon, no way of defending myself, only a small broken branch that had just cracked beneath my foot. I looked down and was surprised to see the way it had broken had left a pointy edge. I retrieved it carefully, and prayed that I could get them before they got me. As my thumb grazed the tip of the jagged spear, sick breath combed my face and rumpled the front of my hair. I gripped the thin bark with tight fists. My eyes opened, slowly, to an animal staring me in the face; its monstrous gaze was only inches from my own. Two others behind it stirred restlessly; their vacant red orbs burning. The closest one snarled, its snout wrinkled and it viscously bared its razor sharp teeth. 
I screamed to high Heaven, shooting up in bed, full of sweat and panting. I gripped what felt like drenched bed-clothes. My pajamas were soaked too. I covered my mouth as I regained control, horrified that I’d woken half the house. I paused momentarily, waiting for the inevitable sound of scurrying feet and pounding at my front door. But there was no movement. I sat back against the headboard, pulling the damp sheets up around my shoulders. I closed my eyes until flashes of my dream shot me forward once more. I covered my mouth with my fist, suppressing another scream. 
Wolves! 
They weren’t like the grey Timbers, running in loose packs through un-inhabited preserves, either. These were enormous, with wiry black hair that sprang up off their hackles in a dreadful way. Their eyes too… Oh it was awful; their eyes had been so menacing and red, blood red with some primeval rage. 
A body sized shape drenched the silken sheet where I lay, and consequently the hair at the nape of my neck. The room was pitch as I fumbled around. After banging my leg on a chair near the bathroom I whimpered onto the cold tiles. I found the switch and grabbed the nearest towel and placed it over the bedding. I felt so disoriented. Back home I’d never had such an un-pleasant rest, not ever! My house had been temperature controlled, and my subconscious hadn’t been infiltrated by monsters. This was just plain unreasonable, but it also felt very real. Deprivation, there was no other explanation for why I was flipping out. And who could I tell? I couldn’t very well wake this entire house and tell them I’m scared for God’s sake. Yes, I’m having nightmares about three mutant sized black wolves, who frankly I believe also stalked me at the airport! Only then, they’d been in human form, but were nonetheless disturbing. The Bhari’s would have me on the next plane home for sure. I just had to get this bed dry, pull myself together and then, I’d start the day anew. I crossed back to the vanity and slid my bare foot beneath it, to pull out my bag. Reaching inside, I grabbed my cell phone and flipped it open. You’ve got to be kidding me, 6 am. 
The wind outside was terrible, moving at twenty miles an hour and snapping branches clean from the trees. I was on my feet in seconds and drifting to the large window. I tucked the billowy curtain around my chin. A shape in the darkness moved to the right. I narrowed my vision to get a better look. Under the shadow, something reflected yellow in the dark, like an animal’s eyes. I timidly pulled the curtain over my face this time. The shape wasn’t moving; it just seemed to hover outside, in a threatening way. I jumped back from the glass, clutching my wet night shirt frantically. The logs in the wood burner in the corner had all but diminished, leaving my bedroom an uncomfortable sixty degrees. Soon sixty turned to fifty five, than I could have sworn no more than forty. I whimpered in the dark and when I exhaled a white cloud burst from my lips. I started to panic, my pulse quickened. As I peered out slowly to check again, the shape was gone. I blurred my eyes, cupping my hands over the pane. All that remained were four large animal footprints in the earth and the sound of heavy panting nearby. And in my room I knew I wasn’t alone either. I sprinted across that floor and into the main parlor in a flash. I slammed my palm against the first button I could reach!
“Help me! Somebody help!” I shouted hysterically. Thirty seconds later my plea was answered. The knock at the outer door spurred me to bolt—as a result, I collided with a scissor chair and was nearly rendered unconscious. I tasted blood on my lip as it dripped from my temple. Shit. I opened the door, even as my wound continued to spout.
“Is everything alright Miss, oh!” The face and body was only a silhouette in the dim hallway, but I could see that the helper was distinctly female.
 “Something’s…outside!” I faltered, still gripping the door handle for support. The woman moved quickly over the threshold, reaching in her apron for a tissue. 
“What happened?” she asked, searching my bleeding face as she dabbed.
“Ouch! Nothing, really I’m fine. I said I saw something outside. Can you go look please?” I begged her as I took the napkins. 
I applied pressure to my swelling head and noticed the bright burgundy contrasting the white paper. The maid helped me to a chair in the sitting room near the larger fireplace as she examined my awful blow. I felt like such an idiot. 
“You’ve a pretty considerable lump,” she assessed. “You may need a doctor to look at this.”
“No…no, I’m fine, but there was an animal outside my window, I swear,” I explained. I couldn’t bare everyone knowing how pathetically skittish I was being, but I wasn’t sure my fears were totally un-founded. She looked at me puzzled, and then shrugged gently as she crossed the room. 
“There is nothing there now. What did you see?”
“I’m not sure. It was like a dog, maybe, but…” I couldn’t finish. I couldn’t stand to be looked at in this way. She was calculating my entire physical mood. “Sorry,” I smiled and offered her the hand that wasn’t gripping my head. “I’m Lina.” 
She took my hand. “Sitre,” she smiled back.
“Like Sit-re, pretty, that’s really pretty.”
“Thank you Miss Lina.”

I puzzled a moment while gauging the severity of my wound. “Wait, wasn't Sitre the name of the pharaoh Ramesses wife?” I blurted despite my head. She stared widely at me, and I instantly felt like the nerd I truly was. She moved to assist, graciously giving small indication that I was correct.
“Not me of course, but yes,” she dabbed. “Also, another was nursemaid to the pharaoh, Hatshepsut.”
“That's really special,” I told her sincerely.
“I'm fond of it, yes.”
Beneath her lashes was the exact color of the purple orchids. Her skin was like sun-burnt chocolate and she wore a very elegant uniform—a cream gauze tunic. She was nice. I started to feel mildly better, mildly. But I knew what I saw and no amount of her generosity was going to sway me to believe differently. It was an animal, a very large one.
“About what I saw?”
“I’m here to serve you,” she announced proudly.
“Right, thanks for that, but about the animal?” I prompted again. There was another uncomfortable silence. 
“I’m sorry Miss, I saw nothing. But, if it will make you feel better, I’ll have one of the grounds men take a look,” she offered generously. I accepted.
Sitre carefully placed more logs on the dying fire in my room as well as in the parlor. I watched her with ardent interest. Her waist length nut hair was woven into a long braid and swung as she moved about. A sea of brown freckles lay on either sides of her nose, just like mine, and she had a petite pair of up-swept lips to match. I momentarily forgot my fear. As she moved back into the bedroom I followed, taking small relief in the fact that I was no longer alone in this odd place. I prayed the rest of my stay be less stressful. A soft nudging in my belly told me that hope, would be a wasted effort. 
“Getting warmer now?” she asked.
“Hmm hmm, thank you so much.” I wanted to hug her. Sitre paused her work for a fraction of a second, as if she were waiting for me to do so. I didn’t. 
Instead I sat in a chair near the tiny cast iron burner, watching her as she assessed the damage. I could feel the heat rising in me, stinging my face when she reached the bed. Of course she made no remark about the sheets whatsoever. As Sitre worked I began to feel a gnawing at my insides. I knew I shouldn’t be hungry; I’d just eaten last night. It made me wonder where the insatiable appetite was coming from. There was a definite rawness surrounding the inner layers of my stomach. As if she’d heard my thoughts or perhaps the rumblings of my belly, she spoke.
“Breakfast will be at eight, in the grand dining hall.”
“Okay.” All I wanted was a bagel and some coffee. Grand dining hall, I thought, really? “Uh, and what does one wear to that?” I asked again in mock seriousness. Sitre laughed.
“You can wear whatever you like.”
I nodded warily and went to the mirror to stare at my reflection. I washed my face and ran my fingers through my tousled hair. I looked like I felt—worn out, sallow, and no patience to make it better. My appearance was tragic and I began wishing I had my girlfriends here to help me. I smiled internally as I thought of Patti and Jane, and how they used to weather Michigan Avenue to bring me the latest finds, when I couldn’t stomach the trip. My heart flexed thinking of my friends and then I wondered if Kate had left for Paris yet. The memory of her auburn hair, easy blue eyes and southern drawl made me so damn homesick. She was my favorite White Collar buddy. Matt Bomer’s face never failed to deliver healthy warmth to ours. It didn't matter in the least that he was so grossly unattainable—he was our ideal man, and that was that!
“I’ve drawn you a bath Miss Lina, perhaps you’d like to start there?” Sitre offered. In her hand she held three gold and purple towels, emblazoned with the Bhari’s family crest.
“Sure,” I shrugged. Cutie pie on t.v. would have to wait. Did my room even have a t.v.?
I dipped my fingers over the rainbow mounds of bubbles, still daydreaming of my friends. Kate had preciously tried to convince Jane and Patti to join her in France. I was pretty sure Patti would pass on chaperoning our statuesque friend to modeling gigs all over the chic city. She’d definitely find that kind of environment dull as drapes. And Jane of course wouldn’t be allowed to go at all; Evaline would no doubt be holding her hostage all summer. I missed them all so much already and tried to suppress the longing I felt to see them. In the other room Sitre was on the phone. I tiptoed softly to the bathroom door and pressed my ear to the wood, because apparently, in addition to being a monster seeing psycho, I was also a snoop.
“Thomas, she knows what she saw.” Her voice was low, muffled as if she were pushing her lips hard against the microphone. I strained to hear a bit more. “No, do not alert them. She’s requested no medical intervention and is being taken care of,” she ordered. Then she said something else that I didn’t understand, but which sounded like a reprimand. Disappoint a step-dad enough and you begin to recognize the tenor.
“Nie ne mora da bidat bezgrižni,” she said heatedly before slamming the phone down.What language was that? Dang it! Where was my phone? I needed the internet bad. Did they even have Wi-Fi here, I wondered? Probably not, we were out in the middle of nowhere!
I couldn’t see Sitre’s face through the tiny crack in the door, only the hem of her tunic and the thin gold studded straps of her sandals. I backed away slowly and flipped on the sink to make random noise, until I heard the jingle of a shop bell. I reached for the handle and peeked again. Three new maids had entered, two carrying clothing garments, and what looked like styling tools, and the third pushed in a rolling cart. It was full of what looked like white tea cakes—on top of them, were ribbons of purple icing. A silver kettle in the center smoked as one girl poured hot water into a cup.
“Lina?” Sitre called, though I was positive she’d known I was eavesdropping the entire time. As soon as I stepped into the room, three sets of doe eyes peered up at me. I walked over to them, wrapped up in a large towel. 
“Hello Miss,” they said in unison while bowing. They all look like Sitre—same dark braided hair, olive skin, and mesmerizing lavender eyes. 
“I am Omri,” the tallest, and probably the eldest told me. She had the air of maturity, but nothing in her features could ever give her away that was sure. 
Another stepped forward, the smallest of them. She set a silver chain into the steaming cup to steep, and then curtseyed again, decorously. “I’m Isha.” Now she did seem young. Her skin was smooth as a thirteen year old and her wide stare was full of innocence. I smiled at them both and waited as the third hovered nearby, her lenses narrowed. Isha abruptly nudged the girl with her elbow and the young woman hissed, shoving Isha out of the way. 
“Baqara!” Isha snarled at her. Whoa! Maybe, not so innocent? That was frightening. The other girl rolled her eyes and addressed me.
“Khala,” she said to me sternly. She didn’t offer her hand. I stared at her meekly, captivated by the pools of violet, and the thread of a scar woven into her right brow. She tried to hide it. I wanted to tell her, the terrible mark did nothing to diminish her beauty.
 I was half Egyptian but had yet to meet any other family members, even though I was almost an adult. This was the closest I’d ever been to my heritage in my life. These women looked like they were ready for ancient court. I didn’t know whether to be terrified by their authenticity, or be inspired by it. I felt both sentiments actually. 
“It’s nice to meet all of you,” I said, and Omri placed one hand on my bared shoulder tenderly. And then they began to work. Sitre pushed the bathroom door open, where jets still propelled waves of water around the tub. 
I left the bathroom a while later, my skin bright pink and my hair dripping wet. The women moved forward at warp speed and before I knew it, my towel had dropped and I was being gently tucked into a pair of light jeans, a fitted crème blouse and a shimmery grey hooded sweater. I looked down contentedly at a pair of matching grey knee high boots near the bedpost. Isha slipped them on and latched each buckle securely. Between each lock there were touches of silvery fur. Everything was so stylish, and also, so borrowed. I realized my suitcases hadn’t been opened, in fact, they hadn’t even been moved. They remained tucked away beneath the bed. Before I could inquire about that further, Omri spoke.
“These come with the room, best to how do you say, go with the flow,” she chuckled at herself in the mirror.
“Okay,” I said obediently and with a hidden grin. I definitely didn’t mind. I pranced to the vanity to give myself an honest appraisal. Looking like a model for one day wouldn’t be so dreadful! Omri took my hand in hers and placed a necklace inside them. 
“I know you’ll be careful with this,” she entrusted.
“Whoa,” I gushed. “Uh, I shouldn’t…” I started, but she insisted. I soon gave her my word as I twirled the piece in my fingers. It was heavy, with sparkly jewels encrusted around the main stone, which was oblong shaped and reflected brilliantly in the light.
“What is this?” 
 “It is the Heart of Hekate,” Omri answered. She traced her delicate finger over my collarbone and clasped the necklace securely. 
“Hekate?” 
“A queen—one of Egypt’s first. The center was said to have been cut from her body here, where you see the influence of red. It was also said to have been given to Hekate, by the Goddess Sek-met. The thin outer ring reflects that of Hekate’s mate, shown in bright flecks of amber.”
“And this part?” I asked, pointing to the surrounding stones.
“Those are the guardians,” Omri glanced over her shoulder to the other maids. “The amethyst is for protection of the other two, which is why they surround the entire set,” she added.
“This looks really old and really expensive, are you sure?” 
“It is for you now, a gift. It will protect you in darker times.” Omri’s foreboding words un-nerved me. 
It was much too generous but even as I protested, they insisted that I keep it and think nothing of it at all. I wasn’t exactly comfortable at receiving gifts, not even when it came to my own mother, but I decided to make an exception. It was after all a gorgeous piece and somehow, the moment I’d put it around my neck, I sensed it belonged to me. I stroked my bronze cheek, delighting at the hint of rose over the bone. I ran my fingers through my black hair, which they’d loosely curled and let fall to my waist. The most distinguishing change; however, was in my eyes. They were vivid hazel again, and very much alive. Not since before my father’s death had I seen this girl. I was so glad she was back. I’d missed her.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. Doubts

Sitre pointed me toward the dining hall though I was positive I’d get lost anyway. She exited after Omri in the opposite direction, leaving the other two girls behind. I watched Khala twist her arm in a cyclone to weave the last bed sheet. She moved gracefully as a leopard as she maneuvered around the priceless furniture and ebony sculptures. Khala barely bid me farewell—not so much as a nod. I moved out of her way to let her be. Isha leapt from my bedroom and practically flew to my side.
“Pay her no attention,” she warned. “She’s miserable most of time.” Isha’s lips tickled my ear—she looped her arm in mine just like Jane use to in the mornings at school.
“I heard you!” Khala snapped back.
“I was sure you did,” Isha replied slickly. Khala growled once before poking at a thick shard of wood in the parlor fireplace. The flames whipped out at her before steadying to a single stream. Isha wagged her finger at her sister. I worried Khala may take it clear from her hand, but she remained composed, conveniently keeping her face to the fire.
I left and made my way to breakfast. It should’ve only been two turns according to Sitre’s directions, but I started to walk slower than usual, getting the distinct feeling I was already lost. From time to time I peeked over my shoulder, waiting for a medieval ghost to whirl past my head! The butterflies in my belly increased with each blind step. And then, I bumped into a cold, solid form.
“Ah!” When I opened my eyes, Avati’s milky skin was shimmering in the minimal firelight of burning candles. Her shiny metallic lips parted slowly.
“Buongiorno!” she gleamed. A bizarre echo trailed her voice, like it was produced by a synthesizer. I gave a shiver and was just about to cover my ears when she held her arms out for a hug. 
“Oh,” I said nervously, as she wrapped her cold arms around my shoulders. Avati kissed both my cheeks familiarly. “I thought you had to stay in London?” I asked her, remembering how she’d took off after we landed. 
“Finito, I am finished there. Now I will spend my time here, with you,” she answered without an echo of any kind, thank God.
“Time to eat,” Isis called, appearing quite literally from nowhere. 
Her pearl dress draped to the floor and she twirled it absently. Her bare feet were smooth and perfect and decorated with thin bands of silver anklets. Not staring was virtually impossible so I gave up the effort all together—she was just too gorgeous. How could she stand this frigid air though? I followed behind her and Avati, toward the smell of heavenly spices and the invigorating scent of cocoa beans. I heard voices filing out from the hall. We moved faster to the light sounds of dishes clanking and the sharp din of ice dropping into glasses. Anchille, Ashmolean and Khan sat at the excessively long dining table, the top of which was decorated with an ornate beaded runner, fine crystal, sterling goblets and candelabras. Three luxurious bouquets were placed near the two heads and in the center of the table as well. The high-backed velvet chairs were spaced a foot and a half apart and there were twelve in all. Extras sat ready in the faraway corners of the room, beneath the twenty foot panes. Outside the sky was bland and grey and not at all welcoming. Isis gave me a squeeze as she signaled for Avati and me to take our places. Khan peeked around the cushion of his seat, his expression aberrant.
“Hi.” 
“Hello everyone,” I answered all politely, still unsure of how to “dine” in a grand hall. This room was bizarre. The idea of eating this way was so foreign a concept to me. Aside from my mother’s occasional dinner parties, or holidays, we ate à la carte most nights. We were more down home than our wealthy suburban contemporaries and proud of it. Khan’s small framed lips pursed together. Across from him, Ash toyed with a spear of banana. I thought I saw his nose wrinkle in disgust at the small yellow sliver. It’d already begun to brown.
“Sit down Lina!” Khan ordered. 
“Don’t boss please,” Anchille reprimanded him.
 “Sorry Daddy,” Khan offered a guilty grin. I got the sense the little guy apologized frequently. It made me feel sorry for him. He just had no filter, of any kind—poor thing. 
“S’ok,” I said, more for him, as I took my seat.
Rinalde—who I’d learned served not only as the Bhari’s butler, as well as the head chef—pushed a metal serving cart through a swinging door. Steam escaped from the covered dishes, dispersing a glistening sheen of sweat over his fair, crinkled forehead. He wiped it away with his crisp white coat sleeve and bowed submissively as staff began to serve us. Again I felt a tad out of place, due to the overabundance of servants and formality. I didn’t mind it really—who would—but it was a bit much—I mean I think I could manage putting my own napkin in my lap and stirring honey into my tea. I bumped Rinalde’s elbow softly and gave him a wink. He stopped pouring and blinked at me. Oops. Then I met Isis’ perforating gaze with unease. Was it bad table manners to acknowledge the staff? If it was, then the Bhari’s were definitely not my people and I would have to seriously consider whether to stay or not. Even when my parents hired workers to serve at our parties, my mother and I both jumped in to help. That was just the stock she and I came from, and no amount of wealth or social standing would ever change that. Besides, my nani would have rattled my backside if I ever started acting snobby, like some of my other Shore cronies. 
“Do you have all that you need Lina?” Isis asked me. She was holding her chin over her fingers.
“Yes. Thank you Rinalde,” I told him graciously. His ruddy cheeks enlivened a hair, not much, but just enough that I knew he wasn’t an abused puppet. 
“Mademoiselle, I pray you enjoy every bite, as well as your stay here in The Lakes,” he replied with his own slow wink. He wasn’t very smooth at it, but we could work on that. I liked him, already, in just those first few seconds. He was normal and normal was good.
Rinalde placed three silver dishes at my setting and revealed them one by one. The first was some sort of bean paste with sparse green leaves and spices in a traditional wrap. Next was a plate of thinly shaved meat, hummus and oil. Three spears of pickle lay over the olive dip along with two wedges of crusty rosemary flavored bread. The third was a more Americanized feast of dates, grapes, melon and a dish of vanilla yogurt with three silver dollar pancakes oozing golden maple down their sides. I felt my face brighten just at the prospect of the indulgent meal and I inhaled them each with relish. Back home I’d never dream of pigging out like this; however, I wasn’t at home currently. This was a five pound added dream come true. 
“Rinalde, you’re the poo!” This time I tried to high five my new friend but he missed the compliment entirely. He was so French, but in a good way.
“Pardon?” 
Anchille coughed into his napkin before answering. “It’s an expression Rinalde, like ‘You’re very cool’ or ‘You’re the best!’” Anchille explained in amusement. The old man puzzled a few moments. Finally he roared with laughter.
“Ah, je suis la merde!” Rinalde snorted, flashing me a crooked grin before turning in the direction of the kitchen. Two of the staff stood waiting on either side as he passed, tossing his finger up at them. “I am the poo!” he announced haughtily. They smirked to each other and rolled their eyes.
I glanced over the first large crystal plate and felt the familiar tingle in my jaw, the yearning in my belly. As I prepared to devour my food, I sensed several eyes on me. When I looked up, no one was watching at all. Isis seemed more entranced in the swirls of platinum etched in her setting, than in the actual food itself. Anchille consumed some of his dish but with no more attention than his wife and the children by far were behaving the most unusually. Neither had even touched his meal and seemed ambivalent to even take on the venture. Truthfully, they looked like the zombie faces in my A.P Calc class—rigor mortis would soon set in. I peered carefully at Avati, who sat directly next to me. She too, was stiff as a board; the only movement was her pale white hand, mildly twisting an escargot fork in her tahini and hummus. What the hell?! I thought. But then, I blurted the words aloud.
“What the hell!?” 
Everyone stared. 
“Lina?” Anchille sat upright, his cool eyes glued to my face. Some life returned to his once vacant eyes.
“I’m sorry! Excuse me,” I said quick as I tugged at the neck of my shirt. I felt like I was choking to death. Something felt off, way off! I whimpered, unsure if I was about to faint or not. I couldn’t believe I’d just freaked out like that, and sworn in front of Ash and Khan. Nice au pair I was turning out to be—having stupid nightmares, nearly giving myself a concussion and now I couldn’t even get through my first meal!
“You need to drink something perhaps?” he said. They’d poisoned me! I wasn’t going to drink anything they offered. I’d been poisoned. They were not eating! Jaime was right. I was going to end up hog tied in the basement, with a smelly gag towel in my mouth. Mmm.
 “I don’t feel good,” I muttered. I leaned over the edge of the table, gripping my seat for support. I still felt their damned eyes on me.
“Lina, please try to eat something. You will feel better child, trust me.” Isis ate then. She encouraged the others to do the same.
Finally, I braved a sip of coffee. It tasted normal enough. Still, I envisioned Soundgarden’s video Black Hole Sun. It played like a silent movie in my head and I sat there, waiting for my host’s faces to peel back from their lids! They were acting so weird, especially Avati who, having moved on to pricking her lamb with the tip of her serrated knife, was too still in her chair. I couldn’t stop staring at her though she kept her face hidden behind a curtain of black hair. I hadn’t even noticed the awful mess of syrup I’d made; the glistening amber goo had spilled over the linen tablecloth and part of the runner. I tried nonchalantly covering it with my hand, and heard subsequent giggles from Ash and Khan. Beads of sweat were resting over my brow. 
“Sorry,” I apologized again. “I didn’t get any sleep last night.”
“Oh dear, we feel just awful about that, don’t we Anchille?” Isis moved her chair from the table and crossed her long legs. 
“Time change,” I frowned. “I just need to, adjust.”
“That’s perfectly reasonable and we will all try our best to make the transition smoother for you, starting with having the grounds searched for whatever animal you saw outside your window. We can’t have you becoming frightened, especially since our home is so new and strange to you.”
Understatement of the friggin century.
“Thank you, but I’m sure my mind was just running wild. I’d had a really off dream just before hand.”
“Oh?”
“It’s dumb.”
“We don’t think it is,” offered Anchille. 
“Really, I’m just feeling a lot of different emotions right now and maybe that dream was my brain’s way of, working it all out.”
“Quite right,” said Isis.
“Things were fairly rocky back home too. That’s weighing on me I guess.”
“Anything we can do?” asked Isis.
Give me a new heart, so mine won’t feel broken.
“No.”
“Lina.”
“Really, there’s nothing to do but wait it out.”
“Is it a boy?” she asked intuitively. Oh crap.
“There was, yep. How’d you guess?”
Avati looked at Isis, who didn’t answer my question.
“What was his name?”
“Jaime.” Well that felt like a hockey puck to the face. My eyes filled with reluctant tears. 
“Oh no. Here.” Avati handed me a rose colored tissue.
“Thank you,” I said, taking it to my eyes quickly. “He was my first real friend in Chicago and he made losing my dad and the last four years just a little better, y’know? He really did,” I sniffled. I was officially crying, crying like a big baby in front of total strangers. Who was I and what happened to the old me, the defiant one with the tough skin? Where was that girl, because I sure as hell wanted her back!
“We’re so sorry Lina,” Isis came around the long table and she wrapped her arms around me. “You’re right. Time heals all wounds, just you remember that.” 
“Yeah.” I agreed amiably but deep down, I was just a pathetic little girl from Chicago who’d ruined at least three lives as a result of her selfish actions. It was only day two—atonement was a long shot.
 “So, how did you leave things with Jaime?” Avati interrupted softly. Her cool hand was over my thigh.
 “I told him I couldn’t marry him, so that pretty much means we’re broken up.”
There was a deafening silence. Anchille had Khan in his lap and Ash was in the chair next to them. Both boys looked so serious and not so bored anymore. I couldn’t imagine why—the conversation to me was incredibly pathetic and un-interesting. I was desperate to shift the focus off myself, but Avati would have otherwise.
“He proposed?” she questioned with high brows. “But, you’re so young.”
“I guess.”
“Four years together; he must be heartbroken,” she observed openly. My soul crumpled into my belly.
“Vati!” Isis lectured her. I appreciated that. The woman didn’t know me or my situation to have been so forward.
 “I’m sure he is, and so am I, but…I want to think of it as an exchange—one life for another.” It was how I had to view it. If I didn’t, I would die. I glanced up at Isis and then across the table to Anchille. “Could you take the children out of here for just a moment?” I asked. Isis stared at her husband and then she motioned for Avati to gather Ash and Khan. When they were out of hearing range I spoke openly to my hosts.
“Look, I’m not a killer, or kidnapper, or child molester, or a thief, so you’ve got nothing to worry about with me being here,” I said firmly, squaring my shoulders. I might’ve been a little neurotic—post break up—but I was a good person. Isis and Anchille met eyes only a fraction of a second before I started begging. “I want this job. I need this job. I will do anything you ask me to do, just so long as you let me stay here with you.” I couldn’t stand how they were looking at me, because I knew I really was that wretched a creature.
“Lina,” Isis said in such a maternally, worried way. I bit my lip.
“I can’t go back to Chicago,” I motioned. 
It felt like it took eons for them to respond.
“No one even proposed such ridiculousness,” Isis finally answered. 
“We’d never dream of suspecting you dear,” Anchille confirmed. “Contract or no contract, you are welcome, for as long as it pleases you.”
“Really?” I was shocked.
“Of course.”
“Oh,” I murmured, feeling sorta silly. 
Even though it was feeling a little Stepford all over the place, I wasn’t prepared to return to Chicago and face the music just yet! I knew my instincts weren’t off base, they rarely ever were—the Bhari’s were definitely a different lot. I just didn’t know how long it might take me to figure it out, but I knew I would. I’d already witnessed the odd shadows of their mansion, and the large dog-like animal, not to mention I was seeing my deader than dead grandmother—never a good sign. When Avati brought the children back in, they assumed their prior chairs. This time their faces were even more grossed out by their food. Ash poked the banana which had morphed into brown mush. Khan formed his seasoned potatoes into what looked like a volcano. His face was devious, like any minute he would start an air raid, but I was positive, by the effect their mother had on them, he wouldn’t actually do it. Anchille suggested we adjourn to the foyer to await the boys tutor, and then entreated me to join him and Isis on a tour. They exited the hall with Ash and Khan, flitting behind them. Um, they were practically floating over the floor. It was so blatant that I had to rub my eyes, to make sure I was seeing correctly. I believed I had and I could sense my face whitening. 
“Coming?” asked Avati, who lightly pressed my pinkie with hers. Though my body felt like I was being held by steel cables to the seat, I accepted.

6. Final Call
 
As we walked the corridor I grew more and more anxious. I could feel my heart palpitating against my neck and my hands becoming balmy. Whatever pretense they’d fashioned in order to transport me here was falling away, and fast. Ash and Khan were play fighting again, only this time their bodies were more fluid, more entwined—like they were the same person, moving in sync to the sway of the shadows and light music. Isis, Anchille, and Avati moved ahead, and while I never saw their mouths actually open, I knew they were communicating. I felt sick all over, and it wasn’t because I’d eaten too much. My stomach churned as my mind did battle with what I thought was real and what might actually be true. I couldn’t speak my fears because I hadn’t given them a name—I only knew the truth was coming. So I uttered the only request that came to mind and what would release me from having to spend the next few seconds with them—a brief reprieve to sort out my head.
“Could I make a phone call?” I sounded so agitated, crazy, but I didn’t care. I wanted to talk to my mom. I wouldn’t alert her of course, but at least her voice would be a comfort.
With marked curiosity, Isis answered, “Use the phone in the parlor. Down the hall, first door on your right,” she pointed.
“Er, thanks.” I nodded to her curtly and practically lunged away from all of them. I could feel their quizzical stares, but I didn’t look back.
I ducked into the lavish sitting room and closed the door. I stood with my back against the frame and closed my eyes, feeling momentary relief. When I opened them, I saw the telephone on an end table near twin ivory couches. I rushed to sit down and took a slow breath. The room was a blinding white, with gold crown molded ceilings, white chairs and rugs, even the pillows were stitched in ivory and dressed with chrome and gold beading. Beneath a lone chandelier sat a pianoforte—it was also white, with slender black accent keys and a proud bench. My hands rest in my lap, my leg jittered as I deliberated over my call. Finally I reached for the receiver, gripped it so tightly in my fist I thought its delicate surface might splinter. I didn’t know if I was doing the right thing as I lifted the phone to my ear. What could my mother do for me? She was thousands of miles away, safe in our little cul-de-sac of Tudor Place. I spun the dial round and round, thinking of what I might say to her. When the line connected I realized my mistake—I hadn’t called my mom, I’d called Jaime instead. 
“Hello?” he said in his deep voice.
Shit! Shit! I pressed my free hand to my lips to keep from making a sound. How could I have done that?! Why did I do that?!
“Hello?” he asked again. 
His complete pause told me he knew this was no telemarketer. If he’d suspected that, I’d already have heard the dial tone. My gut told me he knew who it was and my finger hovered over the hook.
“Lina?” he finally ventured slowly. Oh my God. Jaime paused, his breath grew shallow. “I know it’s you,” he told me. I stayed mute. With my fist tight over my mouth, I bared the burn in my throat, even as heat filled my cheeks. Tears were close behind. My stomach coiled. He waited a second before speaking again. “Something’s wrong,” he announced perceptively. Dammit. “What is it? You wouldn’t have called if it wasn’t important.” He sounded desperate for me to respond. “Tell me what it is, whatever it is, maybe I can help. I m—.”
I pressed the button. I cut him off. 
Staring at my compressed thumb I realized that I’d just cut off my one and only lifeline. That single act took my self-loathing to a whole new level. My lower lip quivered and for once I wished I could just not be a coward. I’d hurt him so badly and in the process broken my own heart as well. I’d made such a mess of things, and the fact that in this moment he neither cared nor seemed angered by that, was unacceptable. But, that was Jaime: loyal, reverent. My insides ached so terribly I could scarcely breathe. I gripped the arm of the couch as I placed the phone back on the stand. Out in the foyer a new guest had just arrived. I assumed it was the boys’ tutor, which meant that Isis and Anchille would want to start that tour soon. I began to curse and soon reached for the phone once more. I knew if I stalled long enough, I would end up playing an infuriating game of dial-and-hang-up or more pathetically, I might dial, listen for Jaime’s voice again and then hang up! What was wrong with me! 
I didn’t need to ask that. I knew what was wrong. I was flailing in an unknown direction, one that I felt I had no control over and Jaime just happened to be the one person in the world, who always caught my ankles midair without fail. He grounded me in such a way, and now he was gone…lost—I’d released him back into the world without me by his side. Oh what did it matter anyway? He’d probably flung that engagement ring straight into Lake Michigan and good riddance. But then why had his voice sounded so enlivened, so joyful, so utterly frantic to hear from me? My head throbbed and I pressed my fingers to my temples briefly.
“Ahem—Problems?” A husky voice called out. I whirled around to see Thomas, sprawled languorously over a velvet couch. Where the hell had he come from? I frantically searched the parlor, for any other possible exits he could have come through. I didn’t see one straight off.
He was gnawing on what looked like a partially meaty bone. I had to adjust my vision, to make sure I’d seen him correctly. Yes, he was there and his chin was moist and glistening. He looked so absurd in the polished room, like a lion perched dominantly over a dinner table!
“I didn’t hear you come in?” I said.
“No. You didn’t.”
There was awkward silence while we stared at each other. I stopped looking at him and focused on his grotesque meal. “What are you eating?” I asked impolitely. I could smell whatever it was he had devoured and it reeked like the fresh marrow bones my mom and I give to our two Siberians. If gagging wouldn’t have been too ill-mannered, I would have done it. 
 “I’m eating my breakfast,” he said with a broad, uncivilized grin. He took another chomp and I grimaced. His dark hair was in disarray, along with his filthy chin, but his skin was glowing. As I edged closer, I noticed layers of dirt beneath his nails and to make matters worse, his feet were bare and muddy. My word! What did this guy do all night?
“Where have you been?” I asked, looking disapprovingly at his dirty jeans, sloughed over the marble floors. 
“Out and about,” he said, tossing his head back nonchalantly. 
“Why didn’t you come to breakfast?”
“I prefer to get my own food.”
“You know, some eggs, some bacon, on a plate maybe, that would be good too,” I mocked, holding two fingers over my nose. Honestly that bone stunk to high Heaven. He looked like a damn dog. He’d probably growl possessively over it if anyone tried to take it!
“Good one!” Thomas burst out laughing, his huge body all but toppled off the delicate white sofa. He tossed the bone into the fire with accurate precision—he was more than twenty feet away. My eyes bulged in surprise while his face remained very smug. 
I fanned another silent complaint.
“Hmm, yum!” Thomas groaned while giving his taut belly a pat. He was about to pick his teeth until I grunted sternly. He gave me an impatient nod, giving his pearls a once over with his tongue instead.
“So,” he boomed, stretching out his enormous back. “Miss Lina,” he opened condescendingly. “Who were you maybe or maybe not going to call?”
 “Huh?” I stuttered. 
Thomas leapt over to me, conveniently avoiding scuffing any of the fine furniture with his grubby clothes. In the glittering light of the parlor his eyes were vivid amber, identical to the stones in my necklace, which he very quickly assessed with keen interest.
“Ahh,” he taunted playfully, reaching for my neck with his giant hand. “You got a gift I see.” He fondled the bauble until I snatched it from his fingers and stepped back.
“It’s from Omri!” I snapped. When he recoiled I tried to make amends. “She gave it to me and…” I sighed, “who I was going to call is really not your business. It was private.”
Surprisingly, Thomas smelled really good, much better than his mornings fare. I found that I wasn’t so repulsed by the earthy stink of his hands either. Plus, the high set of his cheekbones and the way the bottom of his brow met the top of his lashes, was irrefutably sexy. Ugh, move idiot, I told myself, but still I didn’t budge. Thomas’ lip curled into an irritating smirk. I could see the lump of his heart beating at his bronzed neck and then I did take a step back. He was crowding me.
“You don’t have to be afraid of me,” he announced, watching my feet inch their way across the marble floor. “I live here. It’s not like I was stalking you.” He lowered his head—the pout was insincere, I was almost certain of it.
“I’m not, I mean…I never said I was afraid!” That was a lie of course because I was afraid. It just hadn’t occurred to me that I should fear Thomas.
“Good!” he cheered. “Friends then?” Thomas held out his mitt again. I paused. He frowned and this time I couldn’t tell if it was a charade. I huffed and walked to him. I reached my tiny hand to his. He shook it hard like he would an equally sized man. 
“I better go,” I said softly, moving away.
“It was your boyfriend, wasn’t?”
I didn’t like the rise in his tone. Somehow it didn’t feel cordial or even platonic—it sounded jealous, and judgmental. But why should he have anything to say about my life, I wondered? I glared at him while he rubbed his light stubble. Suddenly I wanted to hit him or at the very least recant my prior offer of friendship. At my side, I balled my small fist; thumb out, because I knew better. I began withdrawing my arm.
His laughter was clamorous. “Oh stop! What do you propose to do with that?” He pointed down to my locked fingers. He was right. My strike would feel like a tick to him. I conceded, dropping my weapon to rest.
“Leave me alone,” I begged him.
“Can’t,” he boasted with a sly grin.
“Why not?” I asked him exasperatedly. I couldn’t tuck my own smile before he’d seen it.
“You were about to cry, and I suspect it was for a very good reason.”
He’d gone too far. Tears filled my eyes without permission and then he did feel awful. There was no hiding the under belly of his remorse this time.
“Come on, come here. I was only teasing.”
“It’s not funny.”
“No, you’re right. I apologize. Okay?”
I glanced at his stained black t-shirt and wrinkled jeans and realized, he’d been everywhere and nowhere all at the same time. He pulled up my chin so that I had to look at him. He was smiling a pleading smile so that I wouldn’t be angry with him anymore.
“You’re annoying,” I confirmed irritably. He silently agreed. “And you’re dirty.” He leaned down to the top of my head and inhaled long. I tensed as his eyes grew dark, and then I heard him sort of moan low.
“You are very clean,” he observed. His eyes flickered over my head to the door. We were no longer alone in the parlor. “Hello brother!” 
“Get out of here,” Charles barked back at him. Thomas gave him a tepid glance and finally stepped away from me. 
“I guess I’ll take my leave then. Lina,” Thomas said from the side and with an arrogant nod. I heard him whisper as he passed, “That call?” I only blinked at him. “I wouldn’t make it if I were you.”
I was left staring after him vacantly.
“Missed you this morning!” he snorted, socking Charles in the arm. 
“You stink,” Charles growled, tightening his eyes. “Isis will kill you if she sees you in here, GET OUT!” Thomas simply smiled pleasantly before he sauntered off. Charles looked positively revolted as he shook his head. He bent down to wipe the brown scuffs Thomas’s’ feet had made on the immaculate floor. He stuck his head out into the hall.
“Thomas, this will not come out!” Charles cursed at him. I walked over to look too before hearing Thomas cry back.
“You’ll take care of it big bro. You’re the one who loves to play fetching hound to the King and Queen!”
“You shut up! Go back to the cabin where you belong, ingrate!”
“What’s wrong with him?” I asked as politely as I could. Charles groaned. “Is he really that much of a creep, or is it an act?” I couldn’t say his behavior really surprised all that much—most guys who looked that good were jerks. 
“I like to think it’s an act, but he’s been like that since we were children,” he answered honestly. “Did he hurt your feelings?” 
“No!” I retorted fast. By his expression it was too fast. “No, of course not—he was typical.” I rolled my eyes.
“Typical?”
“Like lots of guys I know.” All except one. 
“Oh,” Charles said musingly. “Not all men behave crudely Lina. And for what it’s worth, Thomas has a good heart…however buried beneath the selfish, callous exterior.”
“I guess,” I shrugged.
He smiled at me, and then returned his attention to his work. “I believe Isis and Anchille are ready for you now,” he announced, without looking up as he continued rubbing the floor raw. 
“Charles?” I reached for his shoulder and gave it a slight poke.
“Yes?” he said. I waited, then I reached for his free hand to pull him up. He seemed reluctant despite his warm, inviting fingers and skin. He kept his head down and away so I moved my own body to get in his eye-line. He averted me once more.
“Look at me,” I ordered softly.
He ran his hand through his wavy black hair nervously. When he looked up again his eyes were golden citron against the blue of his shirt. And then he too, eyed the antique heirloom at my throat. I grabbed it with one hand and covered it protectively. I didn’t know why. I watched the subtle change of Charles’ eyes and this time there was no denying the slight ocular alteration. I’d seen all their eyes fluctuate plenty since my arrival, but had attributed it to the tenebrous lighting of the mansion. But this was no trick of a shadow, no mistaken blur of my own vision. His eyes had changed almost instantaneously while we gazed at one another. Instinctively, I leaned in to look at them more closely. They were large and soulful, like how a deer’s look the moment it crosses a human’s path. It was that flash of recognition, between the hunter and the hunted. But why was he afraid, and of me no less?
“Don’t,” he said in a pleading voice.
“Don’t what? I want to ask you something,” I said, still holding onto him.
“Lina,” he gently scooted me with his large hands, identical to Thomas’s. If I didn’t know better I’d say they were born of a giant.
In half a second Charles had maneuvered both our bodies to the wall, my back was pressed against it and his hands had my wrists pinned securely. I stared at him a little frightened but quickly knew, he meant me no harm. It was the benevolent lenses staring back at me. He was only trying to restrain me, but why? What didn’t he want me to see? Or know?
 “I need to know the truth Charles?” I demanded in a low voice.
 “I don’t know what you m—?” he started to say.
 “Don’t lie!” I protested vehemently and as I struggled beneath him, his hands gripped me harder.
 “Lina?” I heard someone call from the opposite side of the door. I urged him quietly to tell me fast. “Lina? Are you finished?”
“You have to go, they’re waiting,” he pushed.
“Hurry then, tell me!”
“Lina…please.” Charles grimaced and then without warning he released me and moved away. He leaned against the back of the couch and there was a long dead pause. Outside the voices stopped and only a whisper followed, telling the others that I must still be in my call. I only had seconds.
“I know something isn’t right Charles, I can feel it!” My head dropped when he didn’t answer. “I'm afraid.”
“You’ve no need to be,” he said soothingly, but as soon as I glanced up at him I knew his words were false. My throat grew tight. “Listen, I could lose my position. Believe me when I tell you that life for me could be so much worse than it is here,” Charles spoke passionately. His face was suddenly so tortured.
“Thomas said you’re quite the servant, doing favors for the Bhari’s, is that right? Is this like a, underground sex slavery thing?” I was quaking so badly, I didn’t know what to do. I was really worried about what I’d gotten myself into. Who knew what these people were capable of, the ones that hired young women from other countries. I had such a distinctly horrid feeling.
“It’s nothing like that, don’t be ridiculous!” He furrowed both brows as if my notions were utterly preposterous.
“It’s not an unreasonable assumption. It happens every day,” I told him.
“Come on.”
“Okay well if it isn’t that, what is it? Are they going to hurt me somehow? God, just tell me!” I whimpered. “I’m not really here to be Ash and Khan’s nanny, am I?” I asked earnestly. His face jumped but he said nothing. I only nodded solemnly as I reached for the door. “I know enough of danger. I used to live in New York. If it’s half as bad as the look on your face then it’s time for me to leave.”
I quickly assessed in my head where my things were. I thought of booking a flight and getting to London as quickly as I could and then I would have someone pick me up at the airport. Maybe Kate? Katie would leave Paris for me, if I asked her to. I could be home by tonight and then…
“You can’t leave! I didn’t mean to scare you. Just go now and be with Isis and Anchille, let them help you,” he begged.
“Help me! Help me what exactly?” I cried. “What the hell do I need so much help with? And protection from?! Why didn’t they eat? Why are Ash and Khan so…different!? What’s wrong with all of you?” I shrieked, grasping the necklace between my fingers. Suddenly I felt the urge to rip the damned thing from my neck.
“Lina just go. I implore you.” Charles shot forward and took my hand in his. He made a sound like a wail, as he forced me through the door. I looked back at him once before he closed it on me slowly. I walked out to meet Isis and Anchille, with my hands trembling at my sides and my heart pounding.
“There you are love! Everything settled?” asked Anchille.
“No,” I said at first, but then I mended, “I mean, I’ll have to call back later.” They looked at me so skeptically. Did they know I’d not been alone? Had they heard the things Charles and I had said? I prayed not.
“We’d like you to meet someone,” said Anchille, taking me further into their circle. “This is Ahkmenotep, Isis and my dear friend and also Ash and Khan’s tutor.”
“It’s my pleasure,” the grey-eyed man bowed kindly. Behind him, Khan paraded around in his man-sized Fedora, with a very serious look on his chubby face. Everyone chuckled as Ahkmenotep reached down and picked him up. “You wear it like this little one,” he told him, propping the hat over his massive curls. “There now, you are a distinguished gentlemen.”
Everyone laughed as the tutor put the baby to the floor once more. Ash and Khan skittered about and I couldn’t think of an appropriate adjective for their movements. My chest began to heave but I locked it in place, as the little boys wound in and around the adults stealthily. They froze their play, looking up at me with unfathomably wide grey eyes and sharp pearly teeth. I realized that instant: I was afraid of them too. I could finally admit that to myself. I was scared of everyone in this house. I tried to remember, that out of my entire family, I was the most sane, the most rational—still, mental illness did run in our veins, or so I’d been told. Could I just be having a meltdown? That was plausible, wasn’t it? Come to think of it, wasn’t Linora’s sister schizophrenic? I felt a rap to my backside that came out of thin air. I didn’t bother looking around because no one in this realm was the culprit. Okay, I sent mentally to my grandmother. Weren’t you admitted to a hospital once then? Maybe we’re all certifiable nani, me included!
You’re not crazy bébé, now, pay attention! she snipped at me, though she never actually appeared as she had the night before.
She had been shipped off once though, I retained the memory fairly vividly. What had they called it back in the day, a vacation? I knew my grandmother wasn’t insane—she was simply misunderstood. Coming from the Dominican, she was always superstitious and into, well, Voodoo, but that didn’t make her nuts. Ahkmenotep put his hand on my shoulder mid-thought.
“Will you be joining us today?” he asked. His accent was thick and hearty and he was overtly suave. He also smelled of Clive Christian cologne and his nails were cleaner than mine. Just what kind of tutor was he, dressed impeccably, from his crisp white collared shirt and charcoal suit, right down to his patent leather dress shoes? Avati moved forward, like she was about to snatch his hand clear from his wrist.
“She’s going with Isis and Anchille,” she told him brusquely. Ahkmenotep’s slate eyes flashed at her. I swore I heard the undercurrent of hissing but then he only chuckled politely.
“Perhaps we’ll get acquainted later then,” he told me smoothly.
“Sure,” I muttered. Anchille took his friend by the arm courteously.
“Ahkmen,” he encouraged with a physical prompt. The man winked at me as he passed. Ash and Khan trailed behind, giving me such a mournful look. 
Avati took her leave and Isis and I began to ascend the stairs together, with Anchille behind. I felt my stomach curl into a hideous knot. My body trembled and the whining sound I continued to make was even worse…hysterical. Isis turned in flight; her eyes were colder, distant. They bored into mine, two orbs of liquid fire. 
“Stay close,” she said flat. Then she moved ahead so fast, my vision blurred again. Anchille joined his wife on the landing while I stood in shock, gripping the railing for support. My host was about to open the arched doors in front of us, until Isis stopped him.
 “Anchille, hiyi khayef,” she spoke in a manner that I hadn’t heard before. Her voice sounded urgent, distressed in some way. 
“Hmm?” he asked over his shoulder.
 “Lina,” Isis said carefully.
I squinted, bracing myself for some horrific blow. As Anchille approached, I leaned my body over the edge of the railing.
“Don’t,” I warned, seriously contemplating jumping. Anchille stopped abruptly. He kept his hands clasped in front of him obligingly, but his smile appeared amused. “What do you want from me?” I asked while wincing.
“What do you mean?” he said, as he stepped closer.
 “Stop!” I cried out, raising my hand to him. “What’s going on? And I want the truth or I swear to God, I swear I’m getting out of here!” I screeched. 
“Anchille, she believes she is danger?” Isis announced desperately and I sputtered back at her.
“Aren’t I!?”
“Have we given you that impression?” Anchille asked sincerely. 
“Are you kidding?!” I shrieked. “This place!” I gestured to the mysteriously darkened walls that seemed to whisper amongst themselves. “And your eyes!” I pointed to Isis first but then motioned to Anchille. “What about those howling wolves in the hills? And I mean your children for God’s sake! What’s wrong with them? What the hell is going on? I want to know, NOW!” I hissed. Isis grey eyes turned silver then black with some unknown fury. I howled back at her as ferociously as I could. “See!” I snarled, as my heart raced. “Should I call the police or the consulate?” I threatened. I didn’t know the number for the latter and wasn’t all together sure I’d find it before it was too late. The only thing was, I really wasn’t being detained against my will. I wasn’t an abducted American; I’d come here of my own volition. I was screwed.
“Lina, come into the library and we shall explain,” Anchille offered with one pale hand.
“No. How about you tell me here?” I clutched the railing so hard my nails felt they may snap clear from the skin and cuticle.
 “Come in please,” he entreated once more. “When I’ve finished, you will be free to make your own decision about whether to stay or to leave. Are we agreed?” he asked warmly. I deliberated. “We will answer any of your questions Lina, you have my word.” Anchille’s eyes flamed, and remarkably I began to waiver.
Somewhere on the edge of this disturbing reality, I toyed with the idea that he might be speaking the truth. My mind could not wrap around the enormity of what had happened or what I’d already seen, nor how quickly my elated happiness had faded. And although my feet yearned to leap, to run as fast and as far as I could go without turning back, I accepted his offer.

7. Skeletons
 
I walked into the most extravagant, three story library I’d ever seen. All the books were arranged in sort of an oval shape, and spanned the entire room, top to bottom. Wood columns held them in place and there were rolling ladders and walkways going all the way around. At the far end was a winding iron staircase, which led to an upper, double pane window as large as a balcony door. On the ceiling was a massive oil painting, done in rich warm colors and featuring the pyramids of Egypt with farmers toiling along the river Nile. The library was dark, apart from the flickering candles and the fireplace. Outside a storm had begun, branches whipped violently against the glass—the rain pattered like spoons on a tin roof. Lightning flashed, illuminating the sky for a fraction of a second before leaving us in darkness. I shivered and headed straight for a velvet couch closest to the heat and sat down. I waited for either of them to speak. Isis reached for a cashmere throw that lay on an abandoned chair in a cobwebbed corner. She handed it to me as she took a seat near the fireplace too. I had to admit it was chilly despite the burn of the fiery embers. 
“Are you comfortable?” she asked me. Really? I started laughing. “I meant, are you warm enough?”
“Yep.”
I wrapped the blanket around myself and then went to the floor globe in the center of the room. I spun it, unconsciously trailing my finger directly over the tiny coral shape of Illinois. It seemed so far from me now, like an imaginary place. I took my seat again. My eyes scaled the room and I noticed a large section of artifacts placed on a center table. There were leather bound pamphlets, golden laced books, faded hieroglyphs on stone tablets and mini figurines of black ivory Gods, which they were using as paper weights. I wouldn’t touch the relics. I would just sit, and observe and listen. I was raised to be objective and I would give them that courtesy. They’d taken me in, given me beautiful accommodations and fed me—I would at the very least remain classy, and civil. I felt an ethereal approval from grandmother. I didn’t know why she insisted that I listen but perhaps her residing on the other side, gave her a glimpse into this world that I couldn’t possibly see. I hoped so. Anchille took his place next to me and I thought, here we go. This was the point of no return. This was when they would tell me some secret of theirs, some terrible mystery that would inadvertently change my mind about them—if it wasn’t already. I could tell by the moroseness displayed over their faces that the news was not great. By the looks of them, the news would devastate.
I started picking nervously at my trusty nail.
“Lina,” said Anchille.
“Yes?”
“In the car, when Thomas asked you—”
“About my name,” I finished for him. “What about it?”
“Did your mother ever tell you the story of Ahmose, or perhaps why they decided to name you after her?”
“No. I figured I was just cursed.”
Anchille chuckled as he brought his hand to his lips. “It’s a bit more complicated than that.”
 “Heeya kha-if,” Isis said to Anchille, who frowned. I didn’t have to understand Arabic to know that she was talking about me. It was becoming infuriating.
“I’m sitting right here, you don’t need to do that,” I told her impatiently. “I know you have something you want to say, so say it and get it over with,” I spat. I could hear my grandma scolding me. It was impolite and un-cultured to speak to one’s elders so rudely. “Sorry.”
“Isis thinks that maybe you are having some feelings of uncertainly, perhaps fear even,” Anchille speculated. “We need for you to know you are not in any danger.”
“Okay.” A cool breeze shot overhead, whistling among the tranquil artifacts and I trembled just a little. I wouldn’t speak to Linora, for fear I would draw too much attention to our odd relationship. How many people on the planet did chat with the deceased, I wondered?
“Rawa Anchille, al kalama,” Isis told Anchille. And then she pointed to the large relic he’d pulled into his lap. “Al kitab Anchille, show her the book,” she sighed. He snapped it open and it shook beneath his pale brown hands. The weathered binding rippled.
“Wha…what is that?” I asked skittishly, still gazing overhead. I could sense my nani, hovering above me, watching me—she was watching all of us.
The candles on the coffee table puffed and smoked. Anchille perused a few sections of the book, paying no attention to the feel of the room or to my apparent neuroses. Finally he settled on one shimmery gold page and when he did the glass rattled, making documents in the library scatter to the floor. I pulled up the blanket. Was my grandmother doing all that fussing, or was it them?
Nani, stop it, I told her with my mind. I could have sworn Isis’ eyes followed my silent words into the air.
 “I’m going to show you something Lina. It might surprise you, it may even upset you but you must trust that there is good reason for all that is to be revealed,” Anchille began.
“Kay.”
“Do you recognize this couple?”
I stared at the picture. I knew my grandmother right away.
“It’s my grandma.” I’d seen photos of her this young a handful of times, but the man she was with, the man with his arm around her was… “It can’t be,” I said, yanking the book from his lap and onto mine.
“It is I’m afraid. Linora came to Egypt in the nineteen sixties,” Anchille began. “The man that you see is—”
“Menaan,” I gasped. His hair was pulled back and he was wearing a dark suit. Gran’s hair was loose, showing the curve of her brown curls and the round of her chocolate cheeks. She was smiling up at him, ignoring the camera and holding her swollen belly. 
I couldn’t breathe as I tried to piece things together.
“That’s your father, in there,” said Isis from across the table. I knew she meant inside my grandmother. I didn’t look up. I was completely in shock, just as Anchille had said I would be. I hadn’t realized I was holding my breath, until I exhaled and became irate.
“Linora was married by this time, to a man named George, my grandfather!” My breathing staggered and my shoulders stiffened. “Where did you get this?!” I demanded. 
“There was never a George, Lina. There was only Menaan. He was the love of her life. He is your grandfather.”
“No, no he isn’t!” I protested. “She would have told me, she would’ve.”
“You stared at his face so long the other night, I assumed you remembered him.”
“How could I remember him? I’ve never seen him before.” That was of course a big fat lie. I did remember him as soon as I saw his face in the painting, only I wasn’t sure what I was remembering. A harmless face from my past, a passerby, or an actual relative.
“You have seen him my dear, only you were too small.”
“What?”
“Menaan stayed with Linora after she gave birth to Ahmenos. He tried to live a normal life with them. He even stayed with them at Bordeaux House for a time. He saw you also, when you were a child, perhaps three or four years of age.”
“This is nuts,” I shook my head. I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t wrap my head around such a huge secret. My own mother hadn’t ever told me, let alone my dad. Why hadn’t he told me? “So if what you are saying is true, then you’re not just my boss, you’re my uncle?”
“Yes, and Ahmenos is my brother. There is one more as well, our brother Ahnri.”
I chewed on that. I literally was chomping down on my inner cheek. 
“She sure was busy!” I snorted. Two other sons, I never knew about! 
“Linora is not our mother Lina. Ahnri and I have a different mother.”
“So my grandpa was a rolling stone?”
Isis couldn’t stifle her snickering until Anchille glared at her.
“He’s only had two loves in his life Lina, our mother, and Linora, though he professed many times that he loved her the most.”
“How come no one ever told me?”
“We’re telling you now.”
“Yeah. I am eighteen years old! Linora fabricated a grandfather named George instead of telling me the truth!”
“It was better this way,” he said.
“Better for whom?!”
“Everyone.”
“You’re gonna have to give me a better explanation than that.”
 “We know why Linora was admitted to that dreadful hospital Lina, and it wasn’t because she was crazy, not really. She was put there, in order to keep her safe.”
“You know about that?” I asked shamefully. It was a family secret, one I didn’t feel comfortable having strangers know. But, apparently these weren’t strangers—they were kin. 
“We do,” he admitted compassionately. “We had to protect her, so that others couldn’t get to her.”
“Get to her to do what?”
“To kill her, Lina.”
“What?” I shrieked. “Why, why would anyone want to hurt her? She was so kind to everyone she met.”
“It’s true,” offered Anchille. “She was a benefactress to her Louisiana neighbors.”
“But?” 
“She was too exposed, too vulnerable.”
“Right. Well neat. This is all starting to sound a bit too conspiracy theory for me.”
“We speak the truth.”
“Yeah, yeah I get that, but…my family are the most boring lot you’ll ever meet. Why would anyone want to hurt them?”
“Because, you are the sole heir, to their entire world.”
“What’s that, cuz the last time I checked, Bordeaux House was boarded up and in foreclosure. Any of my father’s assets were lost in that sand trap in Karnak, where he died by the way!” I half yelled. Anchille stared blankly at me, as if there were something gravely important he wanted to say. I wished he would just do it already. Spare me the severe build up.
How dare they?! How dare they manipulate me this way?! Looking around, it was obvious they didn’t need more money, so I was fairly certain this wasn’t an extortion issue. So then, what was it?
 “There is so much more to tell,” he pleaded, as if I were about to flee the room. I wasn’t positive that I wouldn’t. 
“Just say it.”
“Your father, never died in Egypt as you've been led to believe.”
I stared at him quietly, trying to figure out where the nice man in him had gone, and why on earth would he be so callous. It was so very cruel.
“He’s alive Lina. Ahmenos lives and breathes as he has for many years.”
“Stop it,” I told him, my lip quivering violently.
“You buried a box without a man inside Lina, but that’s only because that man is here, in England, not because there was never a body found.”
“Please, why are you doing this?” I begged them. Isis pulled out what looked to be a photograph. She handed it to me. 
“It’s true darling, every bit of it,” Isis offered, as I held the picture shakily. There, standing arm in arm with two other men, was my father. It was him. But how...
“This doesn't prove anything. This could have been taken any time.”
“Check the date,” she said.
I still shook my head in disagreement. “You could have just printed this, y'know, old film?” I shrugged, trying to hand her the damn thing. I didn't want to look at his face.
“That,” she pointed, “was taken not two months ago Lina.”
I stared harder then, trying to pick it apart, to find fault in its authenticity somewhere. I couldn't. He looked very much alive, and very current. His hair was marginally shorter, but still hung at his shoulders. He was himself, only, there was something more, something in his gaze I'd not noticed before. It was like he was staring right back at me, his eyes yearning for me to believe. I threw the print to the floor.
“Oh my God,” I trembled beneath a rocket of tears. I stood from my chair and began pacing back and forth, back and forth, holding my shoulders and wailing. I couldn’t believe it, I just couldn’t. How could it be? 
“Oh my sweet, so long we’ve been waiting to unleash these truths to you, so long have we waited for you to come to us, but we had to carefully bide our time, we had to be patient. You have had to be the most patient, the most strong, believing your own father to be dead, feeling lost and alone. You shall not be alone any longer.”
“You’re not lying?”
“No, we are not.”
I wasn’t sure if I should believe them. I wanted to so I decided to go with it, even if in the end my heart really would disintegrate from disappointment, when the charade fell apart. “Will he come here?” I asked, wiping my face and pausing in front of the fire. “Will he come?” I was frantic to see him, to touch him, to feel his rough chin in my hands, and to smell his heavenly rugged scent. Daddy. Linora still hovered, and she was smiling but there was more to hear, more that I had to know before my biggest dream could ever come true.
“Before he can come to you, there are things you must learn, things that are only meant for you.”
“Okay I’m listening,” I told them, sitting down calmly.
“Look here, and tell us what you see,” he said. He pointed to the page he’d drawn to. 
“The book? I don’t understand what that has to do with my dad?”
“Observe.”
I obeyed. It was covered with hieroglyphs and ancient text in the background. In the foreground there stood two figures opposite one another. A man with a dome shaped headpiece, faced to the right and holding a small dagger in his hand. The other was a slighter male, wearing a mask of a hawk or some kind of bird, the headdress rested above his long raven hair. His shoulders were squared and in his hand, he clutched a long anvil. It was pointed toward the man opposite him. It wasn’t in a threatening war like way; they were guarding something, a woman. My stomach churned because the build of the disguised man was so familiar. I realized he resembled, Ahkmenotep, the boy’s tutor.
“Huh,” I mumbled as the two of them tried to gage my reaction. I decided not to react because it was obviously a coincidence.
I pulled the book closer to get a better view of the woman. Her raven hair was flowing about her and she wore an intricate head piece, made of two golden prongs and a wide center stone. Her broad jaw curved prominently from the ears and the chin was well defined. My eyes trailed away from the delicate cleft there and onto the familiar cocoa color of her skin. Her face was pointed toward the sky, but I could see that her eyes were bright silver and magnetic. Seated over her folded arms was a hawk. I dropped my gaze from the disturbing image to the floor, and then I raised them to Isis. I gulped as I studied her features, seemingly for the first time. Her eyes glimmered as she waited for my reaction. I looked at the page once more. 
There was a lengthy pause. Even Linora was quiet.
 “How old is this?” I pointed to the relic.
“Several thousand years.” Anchille waited very still.
“It’s impossible.”
“Is it?” Isis asked. I clutched my fingers together tightly as my heart beat faster and faster.
I jumped upright, pointing obscenely at her ageless face. “What is this?!” 
“Lina please,” Anchille pleaded from my left.
“Please what! You both are insane. I don’t…I just don’t understand!” I thrust myself against the looming bookcase. Tears streamed my face and I grabbed my cheeks with both hands. It couldn’t be her, it just couldn’t. 
“You were wondering why we were so different from you, why we did not move, speak, or even behave as you. The answers to all those burning questions…are there,” she said, gesturing to her double on the page.
I felt my insides reel forward. Anchille’s cold fingers were upon my face then, his cool voice whispered into my ear. He leaned down to wipe the wet from my skin. “We mean you no harm. You are my niece, my brother’s child. You are safe here, I promise.”
“Why does that look like her, why does that man look so much like Ahkmenotep?” I exhaled. Anchille smoothed hair from my panicked face.
“It is them, Lina,” he attested plainly. “And yes, the Menacon is thousands of years old, written in the time of ancient Egypt. Menaan wished to record the lives of his people and the struggles they endured, before his time, as well as after.” 
He braced his strong hands around my tiny shoulders, waiting for the impact of his words to hit me. I wasn’t even able to fall, nor crumble and so he walked me back to the couch. I panted softly as my mind raced to draw some connection, any connection that would make sense. But nothing made sense at all. How was Isis image displayed in such an old testament?
“Think of this as, the Book of the Dead.”
“Is that what it is?”
“It’s akin to it, but this is our very own text. It was written by our people.”
“Your people?” I sniffled.
“The Dam Ilah.”
“What does that mean?” 
“Blood Gods, Lina. They were, and are, the ancient deities worshipped by the Egyptians.”
“And that’s what you are, you and Isis and your boys, and Ahkmenotep…” Oh boy. “You’re these Blood Gods?”
“Yes.”
“Is my father?” Was I really entertaining this? The sweat on my face told me I was.
“He’s half. He’s also half human. Ahnri and I are as well, as was our mother.”
“Jeez.”
I felt a low knotting in the pit of my stomach. I hunched forward. I was about to throw up. I could feel it—it was coming and fast. And then the preemptive moan, “Oh God.” 
Isis caught me in her icy arms with plenty of time to grab a silver basin and pull me onto her lap, all before I’d even blinked. And then I heaved. Two minutes later I was upright, cleaned, and sipping chilled soda. I shook my head when I realized my host had already returned to her seat, as if she’d never even moved. It was the same as the children, the same as Thomas in the parlor, the same as Avati, only I was just now seeing things clearer. I was just putting the pieces together so that the true design could be revealed. One thing was certain: Isis speed was unparalleled. Where the others leapt in seconds, there would be only memories of Isis’ footprints. She outshined them all, in every arena I’d witnessed thus far. She was more beautiful (though they all were), she was faster, and she was exponentially more powerful. What her body language conveyed, was power.
“What does being half mean for him? Is he vulnerable?”
“No. One thing is true of our kind, whether full blood or half, we grow stronger as time moves along.”
“That’s good,” I smiled small. “What do the Dam Ilah, do or whatever? 
“It’s complicated.”
“I’ll bet.” I took another cold drink.
“We were made this way Lina, by forces far beyond our control.”
“So you’re cursed?” I wanted to laugh but I didn’t. 
“Some say so.” Anchille smirked a bit.
“Some? You don’t share their opinion?”
He glanced at his wife. “We…adapted.”
They shared a brief exchange.
“We were like our makers once too, Gods of Egypt, purveyors of the ancient order, protectors of man, and the other worlds.”
“You’re right, it does sound complicated,” I complained.
“Think of our existence,” he pointed to himself and Isis, “as elaborate folds in time with one body. All the blood memories of each life passing with us as we go along.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” 
He shook his head yes.
“Blood Gods,” I marveled to myself. “Blood Gods,” I said it again, letting the two words roll off my tongue. That’s when it hit me. My mind flashed over all the strange things I’d seen and then to this morning at breakfast. They’d been so nonchalant, so disinterested. I stared at them both, really hard, waiting as my brain got up to speed. When it finally did I couldn’t speak the word in my head, though it was ready to burst from my lips. They seemed as though they were waiting for me to say, to say it aloud without fear, without hesitation. “You’re vampires.” 
“We are,” they said together, with almost some relief. “In this world, anyway.”
“The curse.”
“Precisely.”
Very quickly I zipped through my mental stash of monster lore. Frankly, the only things I’d ever started to believe in, or at the very least entertained, were ghosts and zombies. It sounded stupid when you said it out loud, but I was living proof that the dead liked to visit their loved ones, and as for zombies, well, cable t.v. was such an evil conspirator on that topic, sending waves of subliminal messages about the coming apocalypse. I might have even told my mother once that we should be prepared—I believe bomb shelter was suggested. But this, this was just ignorant.
“The magnanimous Gods of Egypt, are vampires,” I said contemptuously. Isis narrowed her gaze at me.
“Take your preconceived notions of what you think we are out of your head. Try to imagine that what you have been told, what you may have read, what you have seen in the media is completely and totally absurd,” Isis urged.
“This isn’t absurd?”
“We were forced, remember?” she snapped. “This is the form we must endure, at least until the prophecy is fulfilled and we are able to walk through the Golden Age.” 
My head was starting to hurt. This felt like an exam, or I felt that I would soon be tested on all this stuff. I loathed tests. I’d never believed it was an accurate assessment of a person’s intelligence anyway. I did have a knack for acing them for some reason, but this would prove to be a challenge. Anyone listening to our conversation could agree with that. Ah well, I decided to just go along with it, for a little while anyway. After that, I needed to be on the first plane out of here, long lost uncle or not.
“Prophecy?”
“It is said that when the child of the first of us realizes her true power, the Blood Gods will be allowed to walk beside her to Duat, having regained their original state, no longer bound to Earth.”
“Duat, as in the Ancient Egyptians’ belief in paradise?”
“The very same.”
“Hmph,” I grunted as I turned a few more pages in the Menacon. “So…how old are you?” I asked Isis.
She hesitated. 
I laughed. “Tell the truth now.” She glanced at Anchille. I gave a huff. “Older than Christ, anyway.”
She smiled demurely. “I am that.”
 That’s when the nervous laughter ensued. It was literally beyond my control. I was going head-first, into a complete mental breakdown. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8. Roots
 
The mid-morning sun finally peaked through a vortex of white clouds, casting down six divine rays over the earth. A particle filled stream from outside illuminated the work table and the artifacts. It would be sunny for less than an hour I figured, before raining again.And this was what I could expect from the squally English weather. There would be no lazing on white sandy beaches, in the dead of summer, soaking up vitamin D. There would be no desperation for Italian ice or even the need for sun block—not that I ever used it anyway. It was a luxury to be blessed with a permanent natural tan. Still, I enjoyed the sun immensely, and I wondered if I was giving it up completely now that it had been revealed that I was the daughter of a…of an immortal half vampire. Oh my word!
“It’s not as bad as you make it sound,” said Isis.
“Oh no?! I could have taken a job in the Caribbean—I could be in Tortuga right now!” They both laughed. I wasn’t laughing, because this was not a joking matter. I would not be on a balmy beach drinking Pina Coladas, no, I would be here, with my spook of a grandmother, and the vampires—the make-believe word still made me cringe. So I cried. I cried over my hair-brained scheme to ditch my life. And finally my crying faded into a tranquil sobbing drone—because after wiping my eyes, I realized that this was not a dream—it was very real. Anchille and Isis watched me carefully. I picked up the heavy book and looked down at the woman, Isis, on the page. I envisioned millions of scarab beetles infesting the mansion like in some horror movie. Good Lord, I think I could handle the notion of blood lustful Gods, but creepy, skittering bugs, and what else…mummies—it was just too much.
“Lina,” Anchille snuffed, while rubbing his brow.
“What?” I said innocently.
 “There are no mummies.”
“Who said anything about that?” I asked. Jeez, how did he know I—ohh, right. It all made sense now—the staring, the tickling feeling around the edges of my head. I ventured a guess, “You can hear what I’m thinking?”
“We can.” He tried to answer without sounding conceited. I swallowed a little hard because the blows just kept coming. 
“Brilliant,” I muttered sarcastically.
“Does that make you uncomfortable?”
“YES! Of course it does. I’m an extremely private person, so having everyone invade that sacred space—not okay.” Worse than that, my thoughts were a mess—I, I was a mess—I did not want anyone knowing the truth of that, not ever.
“If it makes you feel better, one day you’ll be able to do it as well.”
“Yes,” offered Isis, “and I can also show you how to block others, if you like?”
“Great. Yep, I’ll be doing that,” I confirmed with a mild sense of relief, not that I believed I’d ever be anything like them, ever.
“You have another question?”
“Oh right,” I inhaled. “The scarabs,” I proposed seriously. My dad told me that they were revered, and possibly used for ceremonies and stuff. If even one was going to freaking crawl around, I needed to know.
Anchille was thoroughly amused. “The uprising of the scarab isn’t something you should fret over,” he snorted.
I ignored his mockery. “Good to know.”
Isis pointed to the following page in the ancient book, gently guiding us back after our detour from Blood God lore. “The lost city that once flourished under my rule.”
It was massive with an enormously long temple and six obelisks surrounding it, at what looked to be very purposeful angles. Palm-like trees swept a bit of shade over the stone walkways, and the aisles all led to the same place, a high tower which looked out over the subjects and into the blazing desert sun.
“They called me Ahmose. They adored me, gave me offerings, and helped me to build the kingdom to astonishing heights. It is now under sand and ruin, beneath the crypts and the temple at Deir El Bhari. Hatshepsut’s memories were built upon it thousands of years later, but we have not forgotten what lies beneath,” Isis exhaled. “Lina, this is the place where council held various ceremonies, and where we gathered in great number and strength, though it has been ages it seems.”
“What was your city called?” I asked, still surveying its monuments.
“In your tongue?”
“Oh-kay.” 
“A-chay-ya.”
“Oh.”
“Lina, Achaia was a glorious place, and Isis alone shaped it with the assistance of her people. Years later those devoted to her cause were forced to take ships through the Aegean Sea and onward to Greece,” Anchille offered.
I puzzled over the fact a moment.
“Look, I believe you, I think. I mean I have to right? How else could you have those pictures of my grandma and my dad?”
“And also where your name originated from?”
“And that, yeah…but…”
“What is it?” Isis inquired.
“When I first got here you tried to hide your nature from me.”
“And not very successfully I gather,” chimed Anchille. “You’re intuitive, just like Linora. You inherited her insight, her keen sense of the world around her. From the moment you landed here, you knew we were different.”
“I don’t want you to hide it, not anymore.”
Isis looked to Anchille and then to me.
“Are you positive? We can be very frightening,” she pointed to my beautiful uncle and to herself. It was hard to picture but I nodded that I wanted to see. “Very well.”
She told me to relax and to not be afraid. Anchille went first and he touched my skin. It grew so cold suddenly, as if I was being submerged in the arctic. I looked into his eyes and watched them grow so icy like that dark water I was seeing and feeling—soon they were black as night and terrifying. There was no white left, only two round pools of obsidian. With a tilt of his head his lips parted, revealing long fangs that curved inward toward his tongue. It was the most terrible thing I’d ever seen but I was torn between wishing for him to stop and wanting him to continue. He hunched forward, in almost an animal-like crouch, arching his back and flexing his elongated fingers. There were sharp claws on the end where the smooth nails had been and his ears were somewhat pointed, though his long black hair covered most of them. I buried my face and cried out for him to stop, to change back to the gloriously handsome uncle I now knew, and not this hideous creature that reminded me of some kind of demon.
“Lina, open your eyes.” His face was completely back to normal and I was no longer freezing to death. I was still clutching my chest when he reached for me. “It’s alright, I promise.”
I looked at him. “I’m okay,” I whispered, still unable to hold his gaze for long.
“It isn’t always like that,” he affirmed. I detected a twinge of hurt or pain in his voice. 
“How do you mean?”
“Well, we are also beings of the realm of the Gods.”
“What does that look like?” I ventured, unsure if I really wanted to see.
“I should think you’ll feel, warmth, joy, perhaps…peace?”
“That sounds nice.” They both smiled and then Anchille suggested that he and Isis show me together. Isis didn’t agree.
“I will not overwhelm her with my presence love. Today is for you.”
“As you wish,” he told her. “Ready?” he asked me. I nodded quickly, excited at the prospect.
Anchille stood again, but this time there was no receding of lips, no expanding of flesh, and no deep freeze. Instead a golden light, brighter than the very sun, exhumed from the very deepest part of him, soared out through his eyes, nose, ears, mouth, fingertips and toes. He was surrounded by a powerful aura, bathed in a magnificence which began to expand further from his body and out towards other parts of the room. It enveloped Isis, then the bookshelves, the ceiling, the floors and finally…me. It wasn’t only the glow of him but the serene look on his face and then there was the sound. At first it was barely audible until he smiled and when he smiled the sound grew louder, harder to deny. There were no words, no real change in inflection but it was there. A sound unknown to this world but which made perfect sense. He was right. I did feel warmth and peace and something else. I couldn’t name it until the light began to fade and his body ceased to burn. When Anchille sat next to me and touched my face I was crying. I’d been kissed by Heaven. I had witnessed firsthand what lied beyond the veil of our existence and it was so glorious, and also overwhelming. I couldn’t breathe. He took my tears into his hands and when he opened them there was that illumination, hovering in a sphere of light in his palm.
“You’re so…” I couldn’t even speak; I was too overcome with indescribable emotions.
“You needn’t put into words how you feel. We already know,” said Isis. I nodded to her, grateful that their powers allowed them to ruminate in the chaos of my head. I wasn’t sure I’d want anyone else there, but for now, it was nice allowing them to see themselves, through my eyes. 
“So you’ve always been here, I mean, before everything and everyone?” 
“Isis has been here since the beginning, Lina,” said Anchille. I shuddered at that. On the concept of space and time I’d always remained fairly neutral, only because the idea frightened me. Being forced to think of it, and not only think of it but accept it—that was an altogether mindboggling experience.
“So, aliens didn’t help build the pyramids, you did?” I pointed to her.
“We did,” Isis agreed, referencing with her hands, her kind.
“Now that’s a story which has been largely taken out of context,” Anchille cut in. “What humans wish to call aliens is simply a manifestation of their own detachment, to all that was and is mystical. They choose to believe in such nonsense, instead of seeing what is right before them.”
“What has always been right before them,” agreed Isis.
“What are you saying?” I blurted. “Are you saying there isn’t life on other planets, that there aren’t beings like us, I mean, me, somewhere else?” I’d rather hoped at one point that my posterity would make it to some far off utopia, before earth swallowed man whole.
“There is other life Lina, but they may not be what you think they are, and they certainly don’t look as they’ve been portrayed. They don’t even travel the way humans have been manipulated to believe. Think of it this way, your world, Earth, multiplied ten billion times, and each one has a portal or dimension as you so wittily expressed, and they are able to maneuver through that arena with ease, to gain knowledge and to grow.”
“Where do we fit?” I asked, feeling incredibly small and weak in the presence of these two Gods.
“Humans?”
I nodded.
“Most will remain clueless, except for the gifted ones, like those in your family. And you my darling, can come and go as you please as well—we all can, to places like Heaven, Hell, the Underworld, the Netherworld, or the outer planes. We, the Dam Ilah, are here to live but also to protect man.”
“From?” I queried cautiously.
“From himself.”
“You’re soldiers?”
“I’ve never thought of it that way but I guess, yes—we keep the darkness away, so that man is free to live. At first it was our penance. Eventually, when man comes back to his mystical soul, and realizes that we are here, he will no longer fear his own skin. They too are amazing beings, full of light and love, only most have forgotten themselves. When they remember, humans will be free, to move through space and time, as their true selves.”
“And when that happens, then what?”
“Then we all will move into an age of peace, together.”
“Ugh, this is so heavy. I wasn’t that strong in physics, so bear with me because this is all sounding a bit too Hawking for me.”
“It’s much to process.”
“Ya think?” I choked. The moment I’d decided to abandon my mother, break things off with Jaime, and turn into the most selfish bitch on earth, God had decided to punish me. Which one I wondered? 
“You’re not being punished.”
I didn’t answer. I was too busy reaching. Maybe my plane really crashed and burned into the sea? Maybe I was really dead?
“Pinch yourself, I assure you, you’re not,” Isis teased. 
“You’re reverence for the human race, is it a lie? What I mean is, you live among us but you’re not out there broadcasting what you are. You live out here in obscurity, why? The Achaiins must have fled Egypt for the same reason.” 
“Very perceptive.”
“Okay so what about this prophecy; how does that tie in? It must mean a great deal, otherwise you wouldn’t be telling me all this.”
“The prophecy ties in with you child.”
“Excuse me?”
“Linora had your father with Menaan, and Menaan is one of the first descendants of the originals, Hekate and Agmenon.”
“Hekate?” I immediately gripped the necklace at my chest and took a slow breath.
“You’re birth parents, love.”
 
9. Enlightened
 
“Linora met Menaan because she was meant to, just like Constance met Ahmenos in order to bring you, the child of the prophecy, into the world. The Prophets told us there would be purpose to all things, that in the years to come the child of Hekate and Agmenon’s seed would bring into this world the new Queen. And so here—” 
I cut her off. “I’m sorry but did you just say the child of the prophecy, is the new Queen?”
Isis and Anchille locked eyes. “You will be one day Lina,” she informed me.
“Oh no, no I’m not in any way shape or form going to rule anything, least of all a royal fricken family!” Me the Queen of what…dead, God, vampires—jeezus-h! I felt a thump to my head. It was hard enough of a rap that I reached up to smooth my hair. Grandma. I grit my teeth and rolled my eyes at the air. Isis seemed to be nodding over me to the bookcase which made me whirl around. I didn’t see anything, but I knew Linora was there. “Cripes! You see her, don’t you?!”
“She wants you to listen Lina, and to accept what we are telling you. It is your destiny as it is ours.”
“Right, I’m the Second Coming,” I muttered. Linora knocked me again. “Ouch! Alright!” I swatted the air. “You’ll have to explain to me how this all came about then. If you really want me to believe you, then tell me how it all started.”
 “The process of revealing must follow the order of council.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that we can only show you some things without the rest of the family here Lina. It’s just our way.”
“Oh, please don’t get all official on me now. You opened the damn door, so get on with it. Tell me about my past.”
“Members of the council arrive tomorrow night. You will be introduced to them and after we dine each family will tell you a piece of our history. We must follow doctrine Lina. Time and place is everything. The way the prophecy unfolds is very delicate—nothing can go wrong.”
“Or what?”
“You’re ascension could be compromised.”
“Yes. This is so much to take in all at once, which is why we await the council members. Please understand now, the past must be un-veiled prudently. To do otherwise, could prove damaging, to you my dear.”
“It’s been seven years,” I wailed, more to myself then to them. “I didn’t get to say goodbye, I didn’t get to say I love you, nothing! Right after my dad left, my mom re-bounded with Costas and we moved to Chicago—we never looked back. You could have found me, you could have told me all of this years ago. Maybe if you had I wouldn’t feel so empty now. My entire life has been a lie.”
“We know, and we are deeply, deeply sorry for how this has and is affecting you. You must believe that Ahmenos didn’t leave you for any other reason than to protect you and Constance.”
“I know,” I said, though it didn’t make the sting of it any less painful.
He’d missed everything. He missed my first dance, and recitals, and prom. He missed my graduation. I could think of at least a few key times that I’d really needed my dad—those hurts were far beyond even his reach now. The damage had been done.
“He didn’t miss it all Lina. I was able to show him certain things. He didn’t miss it,” Isis assured me. “You must take this opportunity now, to reflect, and to realize that you and Ahmenos will have an eternity to get re-acquainted. It’s all he wants darling. It’s all he’s ever wanted.”
“And what about my mom, where is she left in all this?”
“Lina.”
“What?! She married someone else. She’s living a different life. She didn’t want that! She’s just doing it because she doesn’t know.”
“And for now, it must remain that way, for her own good.”
“Jeezus! I want to talk to him, right now.”
“You cannot.”
“I can and I will. My dad is alive and I want to talk to him. I want to see him. Is he coming tomorrow night?”
“He won’t come until you’ve ascended Lina. It isn’t safe for him to be with you until then.”
“Ascended, to what exactly?”
“To your true form. As we’ve told you, soon you will become our new Queen, and when that happens, our enemies will be powerless to destroy you. Your father and his sacrifice will not have been in vain, and he will be able to come to you.”
Anchille locked his pinkie with mine. “Understand?”
“I don’t know, I don’t know what to think or what to feel. I’m numb.” Big difference from the last eight and a half years.
“We can understand and I’m sure there isn’t much else we can say apart from, we love you. It may sound uncomfortable to hear and that we perhaps feel as strangers to you, but we are not. We’ve worked very diligently to safeguard your childhood and your coming into adulthood. Many have had a part to play in the unfolding of the prophecy.” That revelation served me a healthy slathering of goose bumps. It was creepy to think of a thousand eyes always watching.
“Does everyone here know about me?”
“Yes, with the exception of some of the human staff.”
“Why aren’t they afraid, of you I mean?”
 “They know they’ve nothing to fear, not with us. With others of our kind, yes, perhaps there would be dangers, but Isis and I have no taste for blood anymore. We only really drink to be social or…”
“Or what?!”
“If there were to be a war, or some other reason for us to protect ourselves, then we would drink heavily. As Gods we have great power but blood is of course a necessary part of our make-up as well.”
I was going to be sick again.
“While blood is not essential to Isis and myself, it is to our coven. They are all a great deal younger than we are and have not come to an era where they need it less. We accommodate them with delicacy and respect to both drinker and donor.” 
“Donor? Someone actually says, ‘Hey, come drink from me!”” Euw.
“It depends. Some will only take human blood and that is typically given by the bag. Isis and I prefer they do that but there are those that refuse and so we make arrangements for them. It happens far less than you might think. There are some members who only take animals, and that is the least invasive as far as we’re concerned. Unfortunately, there are those who feed on,” he paused, “other vampires.” 
“Cannibals. Gross.”
“That’s our sentiment exactly,” chimed Isis. Her exquisite brown skin tightened in revulsion.
 “You must remember that we are the likeness of man, and many of his traits have been superimposed onto our kind. We have our fair share of carnivores, vegetarians, and just as many of the criminally insane, probably enough to fill this entire country.”
“Yuck, what do you do with them? You can’t just let them run rampant.”
“It is a great crime and so we hunt them down. We then bring them before council, where they are tried for their offenses against man or against the Gods. Stalking humans is forbidden. It always has been.”
“Which punishment is more severe?”
“Crimes against humans of course. Like we said, we’re here to protect them.”
At least they had some moral decency. I wanted to know more and was about to ask but my belly gurgled and my own hunger gave me away. I was astounded that after everything I’d learned I was still willing to eat.
“Some lunch and a break perhaps?” Isis encouraged.
“Have something to eat Lina. We can speak so much more when the family arrives. I have to fly to London now. I’ll be back before the party tomorrow night.”
“Are you going to see my dad?” My heart skipped at the thought.
“I am,” he answered reluctantly.
I wanted to say take me with you, but I knew Anchille wouldn’t. “Tell him hi.” I said drolly, as I bit my lower lip. Tears welled in my eyes and both my hosts sat on either side of me and held me tightly. I should probably call them aunt and uncle, but that just felt too bizarre.
“It won’t be so long now darling, we promise. You let this unfold as it should and you will see your father in no time.”
“Okay,” I agreed. Could I trust them? I didn’t know. 
We walked out to the staircase and I glanced down at Isha and Khala who were rolling a cart through the foyer. Rinalde took it from them and headed down the corridor while the girls peered up at me. Their pale violet eyes blazed before they darted out the front door. 
“What’s their deal?”
“How do you mean?”
“What do they do?”
“They are your maids.”
“That’s it?”
“Come Lina, you must eat.”
Anchille stood at the door just as Charles came in. “The plane’s ready,” he said.
“Thank you Charles, I’ll be right there.” My uncle—whew, not too weird—turned to face me. He took my tiny fingers in his and kissed them. “I’ll be back, with good news to share from Ahmenos.” His face was glowing brightly in the daylight. He looked like that angel again, a dark one maybe, but an angel nonetheless.
“I’m no angel,” he whispered. 
“But you are my dad’s brother and I guess that means you really won’t hurt me, will you?” 
“No.”
“Later then,” I bid him farewell with a meaningful fist bump which he didn’t miss. We both laughed at the same time and I realized, he was so much like my dad. My feet were itching to chase after him when he walked out. 
“Goodbye,” he mouthed to me with side grin as he got in the car. 
As Isis and I walked in the direction of the cook’s kitchen, I thought back to my last hours with my father. Only moments before he’d left the states I’d been desperately begging him to stay. I’d had such a terrible feeling that if he got on the plane, I’d never see him again. He’d tried so hard to pacify me, with promises of Egyptian treasure and a swift return. “My little girl, my little Lina, I won’t be gone so long. But I have something important to take care of and then I will come back to you. Uhibuk tifla.” 
That was the last time I spoke to him because three days later he was dead, well supposedly. He along with several other men were said to have been buried beneath a dig sight near Karnak. That very evening, I’d curled in my bed listening to our front door open and close; the phone rang incessantly with calls of shock and grief. I also continued to hear my mother down the hall. She’d kept replaying a message on the answering machine from my father over and over again. Soon the tape began to crackle. She’d played it so many times a day after that, and even when she and Costas met, it was still saved. Whatever my father had said to her, whatever she had heard, she was determined to keep secret. When I did finally have an opportunity to listen, it was so broken up, and so unclear I could barely make out his voice. The only line I was able to decipher was just two small words that he spoke in Arabic that meant safe now. A couple tears made their way down my cheeks and as they did Isis reached for my trembling hand. I looked up at her and sniffled and she only smiled down at me. I still couldn’t believe she was my aunt, but whether I was ready to accept it or not seemed irrelevant. This was happening and it was happening fast!
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

10. Eye of Isis
 
All during our quiet lunch together Isis was moving about, cleaning up after the children, and arranging bouquets. She had a brief exchange of words with the kitchen staff about ordering fresh foods, enough for the dinner party. Rinalde took note and told her he would make the proper arrangements. 
“Qui Madam.” Rinalde’s crooked smile stretched ear to ear as he assured Isis all would be splendid. “Andre and Antoine have begun preparations in the hall.”
“Very good Rinalde, merci.”
When we were finally alone, I analyzed every detail of Isis face from her long frame, to the glow that seemed to emanate from her body. I watched as her eyes subtly changed from deep grey to smoky quartz. My eyes grew wider as her pupils dilated, making the silver ring almost nonexistent, just as Anchille had done earlier. Low pitched laughter swirled the air, yet her lips never moved. A normal person would have been on a plane back to the states by now. A rational person would have made an exit at the initial onset of hysteria. I didn’t have that option. My salvation seemed to depend on figuring them out and more importantly finding my dad. Isis’ momentary phase ceased, leaving her exotic features cool and serene. 
“I have a feeling you can do so much more than that, and what’s worse…I think seeing it might actually kill me.”
“I doubt that,” she remarked.
“I don’t. You’ve been around a long time, it’s hard to comprehend what you’ve seen.”
 “I only want you to be prepared for some of what you may see, come tomorrow night.” 
“Gods, vampires, very disturbing—yep, it’s been noted,” I answered a little tartly.
“I wish you didn’t think of us, as monsters.” She sounded hurt.
“I, don’t,” I fibbed. She looked at me skeptically.
“One couldn’t tell from the chaos in your head,” she reminded me, tapping her temple.
 “Sorry,” I shrugged.
“We are Gods first Lina. That is our true nature and the course for which we all seek that same salvation. Our vampirism is only a small bi-product of that, a trait, like a hat, to be donned a short while and then retired.”
“You hope,” I said. She reflected a moment and then smiled.
“We all do. Hope is all any of us can expect, now that you are here.”
“So, you were Isis the Goddess first, before all this.”
“I still am Isis, the Goddess,” she grinned.
“There’s more right, I mean, you all have many names, many forms?”
“We do.”
“Gaia, Yemana, Lilith—” I ran through a few names that I was familiar with. A nod to my taboo roots.
“Don’t forget Abeona!” Avati bounced into the kitchen, twirling her bare arms and flouncing her onyx hair. She’d downgraded her leather attire for an eyelet lace baby doll dress and platform leather boots. It looked like she could break her skinny neck in them but then again, I’d never seen anyone more graceful than Avati.
“Is that who you are?” I asked her, while swirling my spoon in my rich coffee. I hadn’t ventured a sip yet because it was too strong.
“I am,” she sung, dropping some cream and three more sugar cubes into my hot drink. She’d read my thoughts obviously. I didn’t need to say thank you. She’d already heard.
I blew before asking, “What does it mean?”
 “Abeona?”
“Yeah.”
“Protector of all children.”Avati leaned over Isis shoulder, resting her chin in the soft folds of her sweater. She whispered, “I thought you were going to wait for the others? The council won’t be pleased.” 
“The entire council and their antiquated sense of the doctrine is not my concern. I’m her aunt first.” Isis was working to gain my trust. I liked that and for some reason, I knew it was genuine.
“It’s dangerous to tell her too much,” Avati motioned further.
 “I want to give, my niece,” Isis said, taking my hand, “the opportunity to ask some questions, before the process begins.” Her expression remained glossy, isolated, as if she were in shock that her will had been contested. “What Avati means Lina, is that I can only open the door. I am not permitted to take you all the way. It takes the entire coven to do that and they are not here at present, but we’ve talked on this, yes?” Isis grasped her mug between her stone like hands. The ceramic shook beneath her grip and I thought the glass might shatter entirely.
“Yeah, they told me. I understand I can only learn so much so fast.”
Avati retreated to the refrigerator to fetch a glass of ginger ale before I could blink. She dipped her pale finger over the edge and placed a wedge of lemon there before darting to me. The ice bobbed up to the top and the fizz whirled into my nose. I grabbed the glass greedily with two hands, without even thinking. When I looked up stunned, she was perched over the stool.
“You’re nauseated,” she informed me. I hadn’t noticed until that second, but then, the familiar stabbing had in fact returned. The acid churned inside me—it singed my stomach lining. 
“Thank you,” I mumbled, bringing the drink to my lips.
Without the carbonation it might have been more helpful, but when Avati made even the slightest step in my direction I waved her away. I didn’t need her spinning the soda like a typhoon just to appease me. I stared at Isis and she stared back. I tried to replay in my head everything she and Anchille had told me in the library. I had so many questions and I wasn’t sure which ones she would answer and which ones would be left for a later date.
“Ask whatever you like. I’ll either answer or I won’t.”
Okay, I thought, here goes. “Does God exist?” I asked wholeheartedly. I’d never really thought this existentially before. I was somewhat of a Pagan myself, which was now extremely ironic. 
“It’s why you are so suited for this life,” chimed Avati, a tad arrogantly. I took offense for some reason.
“I was raised Catholic,” I defended. I didn’t believe in the entire path, but I still respected it, or at least I respected my mother’s choice of the religion. Despite taking the spiritual roads less traveled, I did occasionally indulge my mom a Sunday sermon or midnight mass here and there.
“Constance was born into a very devout Irish family that is true, and not myself or anyone here would stand to dispute her beliefs or teachings, but the fact remains, there is more magic in the world than humans realize. As far as the one God you speak of, I honestly couldn’t tell you. I have not seen him with my own eyes, nor has any of our kind as far as I am aware.”
“My mom hates to think of things so bleakly. She rather runs with the idea of Heaven, Hell and the angels in between. That’s where her serenity lies and I don’t begrudge her that.”
Isis looked over her shoulder to Avati. They nodded to one another. “But?”
“It’s sorta been my experience with religion and government, that most good intentions are actually masking some darker design, some ulterior motive.”
“Political movements,” offered Isis.
“Yeah, for power. I never got into the whole idea of worshiping an unseen entity from the bench inside a stone building. I always preferred, being in Nature.”
“A natural light, like Linora,” she said warmly.
“I guess. Does that make me bad?”
“No. You see what others do not see. Truth exposes itself to you whether it wishes to or not. You are enlightened my child. And yes, we too, know something of politics in our world. Trust me, it’s not much different,” Isis confessed.
“Is that how this happened?” I asked.
“No one knew when Sek-met asked for a sacrifice many moons ago, her rage and her war mongering would transfer onto us. She is not evil and in fact can be quite benevolent, but her fear, her anger, and her lust for dominion manifested in this form,” Isis pointed to herself. 
“Why was she so angry? What did she want?”
“To secure the land of Egypt.”
“From?”
“What else? Enemies, foreign invaders, the corrupt of mind.”
“That’s a good reason, isn’t?”
“It would appear so. Lina, choices are made but whether they are the correct ones, often remains to be seen. There was purpose to us all, that is true. One day we will know the outcome of our existence. The evidence of that sits before me now, in the form of a bright, young woman,” Isis reached for my clamped fist. My skin softened at her motherly touch.
“Oh alright, this is just too heavy!” Avati interjected.
“Vati!” Isis hissed. The tiny woman giggled in delight and then stomped her designer heel in annoyance.
“It’s making me depressed. We are what we are. Let us focus on the fun parts of immortality, for they are numerous!”
“For one so inclined on touting the rules of the undead to me, you certainly do not mind breaking a few, when it suits you!” Isis sneered.
“Let me show her Luminaria,” Avati begged piteously.
Isis growled at her. “Do what you will child,” she waved in annoyance.
 “Oh!” Avati swiveled around and clapped joyfully. The little Italian winked at me as she slipped forward with precise movements. Isis held her rich brown palm under her chin expectantly. 
“Ready?” Avati asked me with a flash of her pearl eyes.
“Ya,” I grinned too, sitting back in my chair to get a full view.
She lifted her arms above her head and tipped back slowly. A touch of wind whistled into the kitchen but there was no open door or window. As it swirled around her it kicked up her hair, and her feet floated six inches from the floor. Isis continued watching in real amusement and I waited impatiently, wondering what would happen next. I couldn’t have been prepared. Avati’s body grew brighter and brighter with a heavenly silver light. Even her grey eyes turned so white as she rotated slowly mid-air, and then came a sound like angels singing. It grew louder and louder and more and more beautiful and though I didn’t understand the words my entire body began to feel such peace and wholeness. It was phenomenal and I realized—I felt safe, just as I had with Anchille. 
“Vati, is a very different creature,” Isis said with a smile. Avati came down to the tiles slowly and soon the light and the song ceased. She rubbed her arms and hoisted herself back onto her bar stool with a satisfied look on her heart-shaped face.
“Well?” she semi-bragged, “how was it?”
A tear rimmed my eye. She seemed taken aback, as though I should have simply clapped and cheered, rather than actually be in awe or moved by her. I couldn’t help it. I knew they weren’t angels, but it didn’t change the fact that it was how they made me feel when they showed their true selves. They were beautiful yes, but when their bodies were lit up, the power of the sun filled them and it was amazing!
 “Abeona is the Goddess of departing. She is protector of children, all children, living and dead. Vati is able to take the form of any creature and so when she came to me, decided that it made sense to assume the body of a vampire. She wanted to fit in,” Isis winked behind her. 
“And I thank you for that my Queen,” the girl told her.
“So Gods don’t all take the same form?”
Isis expression grew so dark, her eyes so bottomless. “No. We don’t all take the same form,” she reported with a bit of reluctance. “Let us take a stroll outdoors. The fresh air will revive you I think.” Isis suggested. Avati took our dishes to the sink. She dumped the contents of her own mug into the basin and whirled around.
“I think I’ll check on Ash and Khan,” she said, heading for the corridor. She peeked back at me.
“Thank you,” I told her, “for trusting me enough to show me the real you.”
“Oh you just wait, that was nothing,” she warned before slipping away. 
“I thought we’d start with our pets. You said you were an animal lover when we spoke over the phone.”
“Yeah I love everything, well except jellyfish. I’m a hater. I admit it. I got stung once in California—it sucked. Oh and I hate spiders too.”
“I don’t blame you there.”
It was hard to imagine Isis being scared of anything.
“You’re never too ancient to fear a spider I’m afraid.”
“That’s funny,” I giggled. I wondered what kinds of animals they had. Loch Ness and the Crackin probably, I chortled to myself. Isis laughter turned into a delightful cackle too. 
 “We have cats,” she corrected in amusement, ticking my brow. We walked arm in arm at a steady pace and headed to the foyer. Isis reached for the brass handles. My eyes inadvertently bulged. She shook her head mockingly at me. “Surely you don’t think I’ll burn if I go in the sun?” she chuckled with her hands on her hips. “You were picked up at the airport, remember.”
“It was dusk already,” I protested.
“I can understand why you might believe that.” 
I looked to the ground awkwardly, “This is all new to me Isis.”
“Perhaps the sun has forgotten about me, about all of us.” Isis laughed. I felt like a complete moron! I couldn’t help but envision her beautiful cocoa skin bursting into fiery flames.
“Brace yourself darling,” she warned, taking hold of my hand in earnest.
 
 
 
 
 

11. Guardians

Of course nothing happened. Isis was as beautiful and ethereal as she had been inside the cold sanctuary of her home. The sun beat down on her effervescent skin in a thousand beads of luminous light, as if it had risen and waited for her all day. She tilted her head back to soak in as much as she could before the clouds moved in.
“Many of our kind do not walk directly in the sun, not because they will perish, but because it is a disturbance to man. You see that the bright of day heightens our differences, yes?” A rippling effect was happening over the skin beneath her eyes and in the area above her brows.
“Yeah, I see.”
“We don’t care for that kind of attention.” 
“That makes sense,” I agreed. “God Isis, you’ve seen so much.”
“Yes.”
“What’s it been like?” I wanted to ask if she ever got bored, and then I wondered, how long would it take to see everything the world had to offer? How long before you’d be ready to end it all, just for something to change. She chuckled softly as we moved down the path.
“I’ve seen entire civilizations crumble and fall Lina. I’d no time to become bored when there were kings sent to dethrone me. Some wars last only years…some last forever.” She was distant, her mind a million miles away. “Man, man has done so many terrible things…” she sighed. “I would welcome boredom.”
 “Why go on breathing?” I grunted. Isis reached down to take my small hand in hers.
“As with humans, we too, have a set of laws, commandments if will. One of those being, that we will not take death into our hands purposely.”
“Suicide? You can’t just end it all, even if you’re thousands of years old and everyone you love is already gone? You have to stay here, alone?”
“We are never alone Lina. Neither are you. The veil is thin, remember. It is only a matter of your mind to cross it. But it’s more than that. We endure because it is man’s journey that awakens us. It is he who we watch, protect, and follow. With the bad has always come the good and that is something to celebrate,” she said eloquently. I squinted into the sun and furrowed my own brow. “I have to be here for the day of ascension. I have to be present when all our lives collide and we decide just what kind of world we care to exist in,” she answered a second later.
“I see.”
“Even amid the spoils of the earth, life yet blooms.” Isis plucked a smooth indigo lily from the path and gave it to me. I grinned from ear to ear. Flowers this lovely didn’t grow back home and if you did come by one, it was silk and cost 4.99 per stalk. I inhaled the fragrance greedily.
“Afternoon Mrs. Bhari,” someone called to her from behind a black sports car. His voice made every hair of my neck stand on end.
I broke the flower from the stem and put it in my hair—I wanted to savor it until the last of its petals shriveled and even then I’d probably stuff it in one of my books. The owner of the riveting voice showed himself, standing over the hood, drying his hands with a towel. I felt my knees tremble and my heart quicken. Isis zeroed in on my red cheeks and even though she said nothing, her face bled of color. 
“Isis?” I pulled her thumb, “who is that?”
Before she could answer a stout man next to the boy shot a warning glance to him. The younger, dropped his eyes to the ground, but I could see that beneath his submission was an inherent sense of defiance. Isis bowed to the older, portly gentleman who resembled a hairy hobbit. 
“Giovanni,” Isis said, turned abruptly, barely acknowledging the other more cheerful servant. Why weren’t we introduced? He was the first young person I’d seen so far, except for Charles and Thomas—even they were in their twenties.
I wanted to smile at him, but it was like my lips wouldn’t move. He stared blankly at me. I tried to force my eyes to the ground; I knew I shouldn’t gape, I just couldn’t help it. He was so, pretty. I’d seen nice looking guys in Chicago, only they were always overdressed, trendy and drenched in cologne. This one was nothing like that at all—he was casual, effortless in his approach. I prayed he was only slightly older than me, nineteen perhaps, no more. He swept a long lock of hair from his face and I noticed the wash of amber in his eyes. I also noticed the curve of his jaw, the slight cleft in his chin and the stubble that rested there. Twenty-three maybe? Damn. My cheeks further flushed and then I had no trouble looking away. Unfortunately my feet weren’t cooperative and I tripped over the smaller inlet, near a very cross looking Giovanni. I knew he saw but I couldn’t bear to turn around. I tumbled into Isis instead.
She was glaring at me and I shrunk from her. “That’s Will,” she said, with no real excitement.
“Oh.” My throat was on fire. What a perfect name, I thought.
I glanced back to catch another glimpse of him. To my shock and utter embarrassment I met his eyes again but this time something had changed. He was now smiling, at me. I tucked my hair back and tried to reciprocate. And that’s when I felt it: a dominant surge of heat that hit every inch of me from the tips of my toes to the top of my head. I hadn’t been this warm since I’d gotten here. It was the most erotic sensation I’d ever experienced. I was burning—I felt so…good. Will leaned against the wall and slowly brought his hand to his lips. Was music playing, or was that just the whirring in my head? He slowly dropped his palm to his heart. I hadn’t realized Isis was pulling, taking me away from the very best feeling in the world. 
“Wait, stop!” I yelled to her, but she wouldn’t listen. Only until we were hidden past the garden walls, and the men were out of sight, did she finally let go of me. I yanked my arm from her steel grip. “Why did you do that?! I’ve never been so embarrassed!”
“You mustn’t!” she roared. “You mustn’t!”
“What, I don’t understand?!” I crowed, while rubbing my skin. It was nearly purple from her grabbing me so hard. It was terrifying to see her striking features so contorted, so full of rage. My eyes brimmed with tears. My feelings rarely ever got hurt, but they were hurt now.
“I’m sorry,” she apologized. “Lina, please, oh dear, please forgive me.”
“It’s fine,” I muttered, rubbing my face. “I just wanted to say hi,” I said, shrugging.
 “No, you’re right.” Isis took a glance at the damage and she wrapped my arms delicately in hers. After a few seconds I felt zero pain. I’d healed completely, it was incredible. “Would you believe me if I said I was just being motherly and perhaps over protective?”
“Ya think?” I complained. “This is better now, thanks.” I pulled away slower this time, and stared at her. “You’re not gonna try to give me a “sex” talk are you,” I said with quotations, “because my mom took care of that…like when I was ten.” I’d never even had sex anyway. Jaime and I talked about it but it never happened. I was fine with that, especially now that we weren’t together anymore. No one needs that kind of regret, if they can help it. Besides, I had enough just with the way things were now.
“It isn’t about your virtue Lina and it isn’t about flirting with a boy, of which you are entitled.”
“I should hope so, I’m an adult.” The statement made me feel so young.
“Yes, I know that.”
“What is it about then?” I combed her face for answers.
“It’s nothing. I over-reacted, as you said.”
“Liar, liar,” I sang accusingly. The corner of her lip curled up.
“Fair enough,” she agreed. “Let’s just say that, that one,” she gestured in the direction of Will, “is better left unsought.” 
“But why?” I pushed. “He looks like he’s close to my age.” For about thirty seconds I had felt better than I had in years and that, was something worth exploring. Her tone; however, told me I was barking up the wrong tree. I’d always had a knack for that. I’d also never lost a fight, or backed down from authority.
“I get it,” she sighed, “you don’t like to be told what to do, but it is out of the question Lina. Heed my warning, please,” she finally begged. 
Well if it’s that serious. “Okay, okay. Done,” I mumbled. Isis didn’t try to hold my hand this time, which could’ve been attributed to my sulking like a five year old.
“I have a surprise for you,” she said, her tone making amends. 
“Cool,” I laughed. I didn’t want to fight with her. Something told me, if my mom were here, they’d be on the same side. I wasn’t sure if that bugged me, or comforted me.
Moss covered stones were scattered along the base of a quaint red cottage with oak trim. Behind it lay a small body of water with floating white lilies; encircling the pond were a fan of cattails. It reminded me of a Thomas Kinkade painting.
“What’s this place for?” I asked as I reached for a blade of grass. My lip was still hanging from being reprimanded. Very mature, eighteen year old!
“This is where the cats sleep.”
“It looks like a small house.” 
“If they are not otherwise, engaged, I like for them to be comfortable,” Isis confirmed.
“Talk about royal treatment. Do you carry them in your purse too?” I never understood why people did that. Hello?! Your dog is going to crap in your designer bag. Sick. Isis was stuck in my head a moment, reveling in what she quietly called my salacious humor. 
“Lina, you may wish to cover your ears. Their calls can be quite intimidating.” Isis moved passed me preparing to reach the door.
“Wha—?” I slowly brought my hands up. Isis placed a finger to her lips.
Before I could take a step with her, a sound came from the building. It started low and then grew louder as growling rumbled through the air. I was positive I was about to set eyes on an African lion, but that would be nuts. I heard muzzles snuffing the ground and the sudden movement of large paws swiping the floor. They sounded enormous, definitely not legal by any means. These animals had to be the size of Jaguars or even Bengals…or bigger! My pulse sputtered out of control as I waited. Isis spoke to them in her ancient tongue; her tone was firm but soothing as she turned the wrought iron handle. The heavy door gave way, revealing a tiny room, with solid wood walls and floors and soft animal skin bedding on the ground. When she told me cats I assumed she meant little tabbies, not tigers! I wasn’t accustomed to being this close to things I’d only seen at the zoo. I was petrified—the noises they were making were so frightening. I clasped one hand over my heart to steady myself, as a massive paw crossed the threshold. I backed up two spaces, gaping at the sheer size of the beast before me. Three others came after that and eventually I looked from the ground up to their feline faces. They were giants, thirteen maybe fourteen feet long. The tallest stood on its hind legs and pressed its thick paws onto Isis shoulders, licking her face excitably. I was horrified the cat might crush her to death. My jaw flexed and my eyes widened, as I held my fist to my mouth in disbelief. Isis never faltered beneath its weight. 
“These are my other babies,” she laughed as the rest collapsed over her. Within seconds their feral growling had turned to high whimpers and thunderous purring.
They were black as night and mesmerizing; each one was an exact replica of the stone statues of the Egyptian Maus guarding the mansion. Their eyes were the same shade of warm Indigo, and their soft pointed ears laid flush against their heads while Isis stroked them. I took another large step back. My heart literally stopped beating in my chest—I was frozen in place. 
“Come,” Isis encouraged me. I gaped back at her like she was insane.
“No way!” I shrieked.
“You are perfectly safe Lina,” she entreated once more.
“No, I’m good right here.”
The cats appeared curious and affectionate, but I couldn’t bring myself to get any closer despite Isis’ invitation. They had to weigh at least 900 lbs. Isis stroked them each with loving and gentle hands, while the precession of their purring felt like an earthquake beneath my feet. Isis cooed softly and signaled for them to sit. They obeyed instantly with no further prompting. At the very least she seemed to have them under control, but I was still leery. My motto was, if it has fur and fangs, it should be admired from afar and preferably, beyond a thick pane of glass. I wasn’t lying when I told them I loved animals, because I did—I just didn’t care to be eaten by one. Like the ocean—it’s not my home and no amount of taunting from my friends would make me go swim with sharks—no thank you!
Isis spoke to my mental rant, “They are here to protect you; it is what they were born to do. Anchille and I adore them immensely, but they know who is their master and their queen, don’t you my lovelies?” she asked them. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t.”
“Lina,” Isis pushed, giving me such a face, as though I were shrinking from her. And I was. 
“Oh man,” I gulped. I slowly shifted my body forward and crouched to one low. I reached one finger out to the first one’s paw. She was so still, careful not to alarm me I think. When my hand made contact with her coat my heart jumped. The cat licked my face, twice—its tongue felt like a sheet of heavy grit sandpaper. For some reason it didn’t hurt, but I knew that was because she was being careful. She raised her head back to attention. One of the smaller cats lifted her cool nose to my hand and I started to grow a bit braver. I took a small step and placed my palm against the animal’s thick black hide. It shined brilliantly in the afternoon sun. I couldn’t help but smile then; they were really pretty. Soon they nudged my arms with unintentional force and I laughed as I stroked them back. From the moment I touched them, all my fears went away, even some of the ones I’d had earlier in the day. Maybe that was their true purpose, to make me relax. 
 “What are their names?” I asked softly. Isis looked at the tallest, as if asking some question. 
Then she answered, “They’d like to introduce themselves to you. Would that be alright?” 
“What do you me-?” Before I could finish there came an indescribable noise, like snapping bones and peeling flesh!
I covered my ears because this time the sound was deafening. It rocked my entire body. When it was quiet again I opened my eyes. There in the place of the large cat stood a naked girl, her long shiny black hair spilled down her perfectly supple body. She held her arms around herself, concealing her chest and bottom. 
My hand flew over my mouth to stifle a cry. Sitre stood not a foot from me. 
“Surprise,” she said so delicately.
“Mmm,” I whimpered.
“Shh, don’t be alarmed child,” said Isis, as the other three did the same a moment later. My ears were ringing. They ventured forward with lithe movements. Their grace was natural, yet so predatory even as women. As they drew nearer I could see the cats inside them.
“Hello Lina,” said Khala. 
In the sunlight her scar shown more vividly, but no one would even look at that once they saw the rest of her. She shared her sister’s long dark hair and violet eyes, but her skin dazzled a peachy brown and she had a precious round face with a little tilt to the end of her nose. It could’ve been marked as snooty, due to her prickliness, but out here in Nature, with her so exposed and vulnerable to the elements, it was disarming. I waved nervously to her, wishing to be friends but not attempting to push it either. Omri’s China doll eyes gleamed bright lilac in the sun. She was Marilyn curvy in all the right places and had legs for days. I thought of the plane Amazon and couldn’t help but look down at my own petite stature. I didn’t hate Omri for it—I wanted to give her a high five, but I didn’t want to make her concealing hand move. She laughed. I couldn’t help but stare and my face soon felt warm. She only smiled appreciatively, gifting me with her endearing dimples. Isha shoved passed them both, trying to get to center stage. She, like me, was a good foot and a half shorter than them. She reached forward and pulled me into her bare chest to hug me.
“Oh…okay,” I said as I patted her shoulders. What was such an awkward moment for me, was totally comfortable for Isha. It wasn’t so much that they were naked in broad daylight, but that they’d revealed their true identity. After learning about Isis and Anchille, and my father, and me, I shouldn’t have been so shocked that other things existed as well. It made me very curious about what else was out there.
“I’m so happy you know,” Isha sang in my ear. “Now we can have some fun!”
“Great,” I mumbled beneath her hair. It was so soft and smelled like olive lotion and lavender. I figured anything this lovely couldn’t be all bad. 
 “Lina, the girls have only one mission and that is making sure you are safe. They are highly gifted and know their purpose well. You can speak with them through your thoughts…if of course you choose,” Isis said. She moved back toward the path that led to the main house. I stood like a gawking tourist at a drive by. 
“Wait! Where are you going?” I stumbled over the bushes to reach her, fearing I wouldn’t be able to handle this new situation. 
“The girls know what to do Lina, trust in your guardians. I want the five of you to get acquainted.” Isis face possessed a hidden smile. “You will be together a long time, best to get started now.” 
“But!”
“You shall be well cared for Lina. I must gather Ash and Khan now. Their lessons have ended and I must keep to a promise.” Her eyes twinkled.“I’m taking them into London today.”
“You’re going too? When will you be back?” I asked worriedly. I was starting to feel abandoned.
“Don’t fret child. Rinalde will cook for you and I’m sure your day will be fun filled. Go and explore, enjoy yourself.”
Isis looked to each of the girls. “Zadrzi neJziniot daleku od Makedon.”
“We’ll do our best,” Omri nodded to her. The other girls were smiling in a way that left me wondering if they weren’t laughing about something private. My hands flew to my sensitive ears as that terrible ripping and thunderous sound emanated from their naked phasing bodies. Isis turned from them with a look of satisfaction and I saw that each of them had returned to their feline forms once more.
 “I’ll leave you to it my dear.”
 “Alright,” I agreed reluctantly. Isis moved back to the main house shockingly fast; it was good no other humans could see it. Then I remembered we were alone out here, away from prying eyes and snooping neighbors. They’d built a virtual fortress among the craggy mountain ranges and un-inhabited terrain. It was brilliant actually.
I laughed inside at the absurdity of the day. No one back home would ever believe me, not in a million years. I didn’t even believe it. Then again, I was far from anything familiar, from anything remotely depressing—I couldn’t have been more excited at least at that prospect. Despite these dark revelations, there came a welcome change, and that was cause for jubilation. As I pushed my way through a web of spiny branches and trees, I heard the sounds of crunching earth behind me. We moved into what I thought was the start of the woods, and all the while I could feel four pairs of energetic eyes on my back. I couldn’t bring myself to look at them; I was still astonished by their size and the fact that they existed at all. I stopped unexpectedly and a silence followed. I closed my eyes and pinched the soft skin between my thumb and forefinger hard.
Yep, I’m awake, I thought clearly. 
A rustling of leaves swept up around me and with it the tickly sound of laughter. I whirled around. We’re they laughing at me? I walked on again. They followed. This time one of them sniffed my clothing; the end of their nose inadvertently pushed me forward. I closed my eyes and as soon as I did images of palace courtyards, fountains of crystal blue water and heavenly sculpted statues filled my head. It was like a slow movie reel, showing me their past. A room full of ebony haired Egyptian women danced to the drum of some antediluvian tune and the scent of incense filled the air around them. At the center of my vision, seated on either side of a regal Queen, sat these timeless creatures, these Egyptian Mau’s. They lovingly licked themselves and looked out over the dancing women with pride.
Welcome home, Omri said, in the midst of my daydream.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12. Resentments
 
“This is so weird.”
You’ll get used to it, Sitre nudged me gently. Dreams, whether they be during the day, or in the late hours of night, help to guide us to our true purpose.
I nodded that I understood even though I couldn’t respond as she had. My grandma always told me something similar…that there were two worlds running side by side, each on different planes and that our dreams were a way of seeing the other side. I didn’t really want to. If there really was only a thin cloak between this place and the next, I could leave it be. We walked again. The forest was a lush playground, spongy, green, and full of life. My feet tread softly over an abyss of red needles and twigs which were drenched in oozing white sap. The air was clear, full of the earthy smell of the swaying pines. My companions spread out, but still covered me from every angle. I looked above to a hole in the top of the trees; the rays had escaped through the clouds, lighting briefly the woodland floor. Sitre’s gleaming lense shone brightly in the sun, casting a single violet ray upon the ground. I held my hand out to her and she bumped it tenderly. As we traveled along the inlet near the lower ravine, the animals were in full activity. Red squirrels and rabbits scampered excitedly away from us, beneath the Alders, Birches and blowing Ash trees. The girls sniffed the air; their ears pricked, deciphering distant sounds that I couldn’t hear. Sitre stayed at my side, brushing her large black shoulder against the edge of my sweater. Isha spread her claws out over the grass and scraped in the same manner an ordinary house cat would, only the gashes she left in the dirt were nearly the size of tire tracks. How does this work, I wondered? How did I talk to them with my mind?
We can hear you Lina, Omri answered my thought. You have questions?
Did I? “Does it hurt to change?” I asked. My head was hammering for more answers than that, like which form did they prefer? How old were they and where did they come from? Did they have a human mother and father and if so, where were they? Were they considered Gods too, or more shape shifters? If there were these Mau’s, and the Blood Gods, what else was there in the world, an—?
Khala groaned out a complaint but Omri just laughed.
“Sorry,” I told them. I didn’t mean to be such a flake. 
It’s alright Lina, let me see if I can keep up. Yes, it hurts us a bit to change, but it is a quick sting that doesn’t linger. I like both forms for different reasons and my sisters can tell you themselves how they feel. I think we all share a common love of the hunt as well as the freedom we experience running in the hills of this district. It’s different to us here because in Egypt we were free, unencumbered. She sighed. We were born of a mother and father, like you, but they have long since passed on. To be chosen by the Goddess Bast-et is a great honor, and any that follow the path of the guardian has immortal life, so long as there is a King and Queen to serve. The place we called home ran along the Nile in Lower Egypt and there is where we grew up until our great mother called us home. We do not consider ourselves Gods, but devout priestesses of the order of Ubast.
“Wow. So you were chosen for this life, you weren’t born into it?”
Correct.
“And what about other immortals? Is there more than just the guardians and the Dam Ilah?” There seemed to be a lengthy and uncomfortable pause while Omri deliberated in answering. I wondered if, like with Isis, I’d hit a nerve.
We must be more discreet, she finally admitted.
“Which translates to, you just can’t or won’t tell me?”
Omri rose above Sitre’s languid body to press her gigantic paw into the earth. The red soil separated as her long claws marked deep hieroglyphs into the ground. It was a picture. When she moved away I saw the shape of the moon and two cat-headed women holding sistrums in each hand. They were dancing. Children played at their feet.
This is all we are allowed to show you Lina. This is who we are; guardians to the King and Queen and protectors of their children.
“Ash and Khan.”
As well as their many other children.
“They have more?” I kept forgetting to not speak out loud.
The entire coven consists of all those in Isis original court in Achaia.
Well, Khala snuffed, those that survived anyway.
“What do you mean? Survived what?” I asked them. Omri shot Khala a dreadful look of disappointment. The younger sister zipped it quick. “Omri?”
It was a dark time Lina. There were deaths. It happens.
“I guess so.”
We continued walking around the western edge of the woods, and the whole time I kept staring at the girls, marveling at them and wanting to know so much more. An avenue of Yews draped over the path, casually shrouding mossy patches of gorgeous unspoiled earth. As the sun’s rays slipped through the impenetrable grey sky, its warmth danced over our faces. I’d never seen such enchantment in all my life and I was soon lost in my own thoughts, momentarily forgetting my quiet companions and my questions. 
Is something troubling you? Isha brought me back.
“Hmm? Oh no, I’m fine,” I said. “Hey,” I pointed, “what’s Khala doing?” She was suddenly crouched low to the ground; her growl became a rumble, her orbs two sharp reflectors in the dim light. She stalked forward before Isha could answer. A few tiny finches sputtered about before flying out from under the trees. A hawk’s wings flapped frantically as he too flew away, seeking out a less threatening area of the forest to hunt for prey. Khala snarled at us.
Do you mind!?
Oh, Khala! Leave the animals alone!
Shut up, I’m hungry, she growled. I grew faint when I realized what Khala planned to do. My eyes caught the deer in the distance, lapping water. Suddenly the entire wood stood still.
“Oh…oh please don’t,” I begged her. Khala was several feet away now, slipping flush to the ground, but I knew she’d heard.
It’s what I do. She reminded me matter-of-factly. I buried my face in my sweater, waiting for the slaughter to be over. 
The drinking at the brook continued peacefully until… 
The formidable sound of two bodies colliding, suspended all life in the woods. A high pitched squeal rang through the treetops until there was no longer even a murmur in the air. Khala pranced back to us, her face bloodied and her body swollen from consuming the deer. I could barely meet her gratified expression without losing my breakfast. 
“Did you have to do that?”
We eat Lina, just like everyone else. This isn’t a fairytale!
“Fine, maybe fair warning next time,” I suggested. She lobbed her head to the ground mockingly. Her black face was already clean.
Yes my Queen. However I can please you. 
Khala, that will be all, Omri ordered her as the young cat snuffed and kicked the ground before stalking to a nearby tree. She thrust her body up its trunk and began scratching. 
“Yuck,” I said, giving a quake before simply ignoring her. “Are there any perks?” I asked the others.
Sure. Eternal beauty! Isha chimed. Omri and Sitre nodded in agreement, strutting around like peacocks—showing off their flawless coats, like models on a runway! 
Yeah, yeah, our one and only gain! Khala growled from her scraping post.
The girls pounced on her, and began teasing and ruffling her fur. She snapped at them, swiping one in the backside with her gigantic paw. I tried to ease the rising tension between them by moving ahead toward the incline of the fell, hoping this would draw them from the friction I was sure was coming. Khala was extremely bitter, about what I didn’t know, but she was full of such fury. Anyone could see it written all over her face. She carried her burdens and frustrations right on her skin. I was amazed anyone could get close to her, or maybe, other than her sisters, she really had no one. In any case I was determined to forge on, up the narrow path. The sky continued to change first from bluish orange, then to dark pink and at long last purple. As the last traces of daylight seeped back under the horizon, I let out a frustrated sigh. It was such a large lot to examine, there was no way I could do it all in a day.
 Tired? Sitre asked later. 
Sorta, I said mentally. My head didn’t feel the greatest after whacking it this morning—the conversations of the day didn’t serve to alleviate the pressure either! I was tempted to go back, but a curious rebellion in the pit of my stomach urged, go farther, something is waiting, go farther.
 “Let’s keep going,” I told them, even though the tight material of the thin soled boots was digging into my small toe. I slid them off and felt instant relief as I placed them carefully inside my bag. “On second thought.”
I stopped to rest near a large boulder. The girls circled back and found spots to lie beside me. They dropped soundlessly to the earthen floor, like sphinxes. Isha purred and I smiled down at her; my heart was warmed by our new bond. I patted her back and she rolled into my legs more, being mindful of my feet. I knew she could crush them if she wasn’t careful. For a few moments it was just nice to sit.
I wish Lydas were here, Sitre announced as she stretched her neck to look up at the first star.
“Who’s Lydas?” 
My mate, she confirmed.
“Where’s he now?” 
 Gone.
“Oh.” I wasn’t sure what gone meant. Did it mean gone like, on an extended tour of Iraq, or gone as in, dead?
 Dead, she answered me, even though I hadn’t intruded. 
“I’m sorry Sitre.” I hated myself for even asking her at all. There was remoteness in her gaze and I didn’t need to know anything more other than he was once the love of her life. I had seen that same look just days ago, with Jaime.
He was a fool! You both were fools! Khala hissed at her.
Shut up. Shut up you! Sitre shot back at her.
It’s true. Stop lying to yourself!
“I don’t get it, what’s wrong?” I asked.
It’s nothing, certainly not anything they should be discussing now, Omri got in between Khala and Sitre, to stave off their argument.
Sitre crossed the line, Omri. She didn’t follow the order, and that’s why she lost her mate—a mate she was never supposed to have! shouted Khala.
I told you to be quiet! Sitre’s shoulders began to rise and I feared she may lunge at her outspoken sister.
“You guys please,” I interceded too.
They’re the reason for it all Sitre! Clearly, Khala was not willing to listen to Omri or me. I wanted to know what she was talking about.
Isha came near me, I think deliberately staying out of the other girls’ way. I didn’t blame her—Khala was showing no signs of calming down. 
“What do you mean, the reason? The reason for what?” I asked Khala but I would have taken any of their responses.
Why don’t you ask Sitre? She fell in love with one of them! Khala barked viciously.
You bitch! Sitre snarled back at her...
I’m just telling Lina the truth and it hurts doesn’t it, kalb lover!
I hate you!
That is enough! Omri commanded them.
“Omri, tell me. What does she mean, fell in love with one? What’s a, kalb?”
A kalb is a dog, and Khala knows that she is using the term out of context as a means of hurting Sitre! And she will stop now, won’t you? Omri put her paw on the younger cat’s shoulder. Of course Khala knocked it away belligerently.
Wepwawet and his hounds! she screamed. If they’d just stayed away, none of this would have happened! I could have stayed with my real family. Isha and I would not be forced to live like this! She’s my true sister, my birth sister! I only inherited you, by default!
And I you! Sitre cried to her. You’d also have died two thousand years ago Khala. It’s Bast-et that gave you eternal life, not Marhamet and Echneid! You don’t appreciate anything!
Don’t you talk about my real parents, Sitre. Don’t you even utter their names! Your filthy mutt’s the reason they’re dead!!!
That’s a lie!
Khala! Omri shrieked at her. You damn yourself with your insolent tongue! Omri shoved her against a looming Spruce. Needles ricocheted to the ground at their feet. Isha and I stood even closer together, our bodies compressed in fear. Isha was the youngest and by far the tamest, from what I could tell. I sensed her pain but also her reluctance to side with her sibling.
You don’t know what you’re talking about, Sitre whispered to Khala.
And you forget yourself! You forget the past and what we all know to be true! They took us for their brides and then they left us to die. They abandoned us and you know what…he abandoned you as well! Khala’s violet eyes flamed red with anger.
Isha and I were now invisible to this embittered trio.
You were born much later! I’m the oldest remember!? Omri and I! We were alive when the Daughters of Sek-met and the Sons of Lycos were allies. We were alive when their soldiers helped defend our kingdom, and shed rivers of blood all for us! And yes, I loved one. And he was glorious, and kind, and the most faithful man I’d ever met. My heart bled for him, it bleeds for him still!
 Yes, sent Khala, but I must be imprisoned here to defend land that isn’t my own. I stalk the grounds night after night waiting for an attack that is imminent and all for what; for the possibility that this child, this human is the answer to our salvation, why?Why Omri, must we stay when it is so clear that we are already defeated? You know no one will come. Khala fell to the ground, her face sullen. I wondered if the fight had finally gone out of her.
You’ve misplaced your faith sister. You’ve turned your back on your own humanity. I don’t know how to help you through this; I fear you will be lost to us soon, Khala, Omri spoke, eyeing the younger cat decisively.
You’ll not shun me Omri! she petitioned. I am not a kitten in a litter that is already too large! I’ll not be ignored nor left behind! 
Khala stalked to a nearby group of white boulders as big as cars. She leapt onto them and turned her back to us. I couldn’t believe what was happening…to see them so broken was unbearable. Omri stood protectively around Sitre who lay on her belly, her pained face was still lowered to the ground listening to Khala. She’d become very quiet after the large cats’ infuriated words—she was almost too calm. The air circled us in a balmy stream—a storm was brewing. I knew how utterly foolish I would sound if I asked if they were finished, but I didn’t care to be caught in the rain. No one answered or moved even a limb in response. Only Omri once more addressed the girls.
 Neither of you can change the past. Khala, you cannot make Sitre be what you want her to be. Her soul is her own and likewise is yours. Forgive each other please, for all our sakes. 
Low objections came from my right, and I sighed again, hoping Khala would walk over. Sitre still made no sound until she whispered to me and to me alone. Her eyes burned intensely behind Omri’s back.
When it happens for you, hold on with both hands. Don’t ever let go, no matter what they tell you.
“Hold onto what Sitre, what do you mean?” I said with wide eyes. She didn’t answer.
The violet of her irises suddenly became blue black like the sky, so hollow and empty. She forced Omri’s massive feline body out of her way. Isha, roused from her own thoughts, moved as well, maybe in preparation to stop another fight. Sitre approached Khala as though she held white sails.
You are my sister no matter what our bloodline, and so I will tell you this plain. After all these years I live with only one regret, that Lydas and I had, had a child. I loved him that much, that I would have died for them both. It’s not the seed of Wepwawet or Lycion’s sons that have been stalking the grounds Khala, and you know that! You hate them for no reason. They remind you of the past…of those bloodthirsty devils, none of us would argue with you. We know what this means to you, none of us has forgotten, but you mustn’t make things so awful between you and I because of it. It wasn’t my fault or Lydas’ fault that your family was butchered by those monsters! This time Khala gave a shrill scream, whirling around to meet Sitre dead on.
That child would never have survived! Forget the fact that it is forbidden, forget the fact that it is an abomination! Even in your human form, the two of you could not have made that child, and if the two of you had succeeded, they would have killed it, and burned you both alive!
The sound of thunder roared over us, and Sitre heaved herself forward, lunging at Khala with the full force of her body. It was less than a second; the others didn’t have time to respond, before the two girls were tumbling about the ground. There was such a tangled mess of black fur, snapping teeth, and vicious claws; we barely saw them strike. When they collided, there was insufferable yelping. Their thin tails rest just moments on the muddy ground before they leapt back into the air, in order to dominate one other. That’s when I smelled it: the rain mixed with their blood. It was the thickest, most potent stench that ran wild onto the wet ground beneath them. I began to taste the copper, as I held my fist over my mouth. I saw Khala’s jaws snap at Sitre’s neck, her three inch teeth stained bright crimson. Their eyes were black with fury, each one convinced that she was right. Isha and Omri shouted at the two of them to stop but they ignored their pleas. I turned and ran up the path away from them. I found a small grassy mound, and hurled myself on it, holding my torso firm in my palms. I fought down the sickness that had penetrated my stomach. I hadn’t eaten in several hours and the stinging of sour bile rose in my throat. I fought to rid my mind of the horrid smell. The rocks beneath me felt cool and so I laid my left cheek against one of them, slipping my right arm over my face as a shield against the weather. I let complete darkness take over. I didn’t know how long I’d laid there limply over that boulder, but when I came to it was officially night. The sky was a canvas of fluffy blue and silver lined clouds surrounding a pearl moon. I moaned, closing my eyes again, enjoying the cool breeze over my face. I smiled too as the last wave of nausea finally wore off. My stomach felt empty, and my mouth was dry as the desert. I couldn’t understand why my throat burned; I’d been drinking from my water bottle all afternoon. I was startled when I looked up to see several glowing faces above me. I couldn’t scream—I was paralyzed; my voice box inoperable.
She’s asleep.
No she isn’t, she’s looking right at me.
Stop arguing, both of you! You should be ashamed.
Let’s just get her to Will’s cottage, it’s too late to go back now, she’ll never make it.
But what about what Isis said?
We can’t be troubled with her warning now. Lina needs help. 
 Right. We’ll carry her.
Let’s go quickly.
Yes. It’s not safe to be out here any longer.
Do you sense?
No. 
 
I heard their voices over the wind, and in the far off distance, the sound of…no, the smell…a strange smell. It was like summer; deliciously sweet with a twinge of salt. It was so enticing. Whatever it was, wherever it was, I wanted to find it fast.
What in the hell is she talking about? 
I know, Isha meowed with laughter.
Well we can’t allow it.
What choice do we have, we’re almost there.
He better be on his best behavior.
If he isn’t, we’ll shred him in two.
I think he’s nice looking, for a…you know. Meows again.
Oh Isha!
What, he is! You’re so stupid Khala!
Both of you stop! We’re not alone out here and we must hurry!
I was enjoying my serenity, apart from my legs that felt like ice beneath the thin pants. They began to shiver—the ends of my sweater had become so damp, leaving my arms numb. I felt my body hovering over the ground, and moving in an upward motion. The chilly air stung my face. I knew I should turn back, but something was pressuring me to continue. I had to follow the heavenly scent. My eyes came into focus and I saw a wash of light ahead. A small cabin sat far off the path, partially covered by moss and ivy. It was so cute. I laughed breathlessly. Around me the arguing continued.
Why would you attack me?
Because you open your big mouth when you know you shouldn’t.
So, I do that all the time, why did you get so upset today?
I just get tired of it, Khala.
You took a clump of my hair out!
You deserved it. It’ll grow back in a few hours, Sitre was giggling hysterically. Don’t be such a baby. 
I was still laughing too, but I don’t think it was with them. I was lost in my own world. We stepped toward the walkway that led to the front door. Warm life moved within. I could feel them, and the heat coming off their bodies. My jaw flexed and my mouth began to water—the telltale sign of extreme hunger.
“Put me down,” I ordered them. Suddenly I felt wide awake and in a huge hurry.
Okay, but Lina, the only reason we’re here—
Save your breath Omri. Don’t even bother warning her. She won’t listen anyway.
Omri, you don’t think she’s already, you know?
There was a lengthy and uncomfortable gap, one that I couldn’t be bothered with. 
“Come on!” I encouraged them as I skittered over to one of the windows in order to steal a glance inside. I stepped onto a rock and cupped my hands over the glass. I could barely see inside which frustrated me. 
I hopped down and brushed myself off, attempting to straighten my clammy sweater. I pulled the hood down from my hair until I realized what a mess I was. Strands that had once bounced with curl, now lay limp as wet noodles around my dirty face.I put my hood back up. A shadow crossed in front of the window I was just nosily gawking in. The body moved sinuously back and forth, like a panther. I halted suddenly, tipping my body back on both heels. A whirl of butterflies scattered in my belly as we waited at the door. The girls formed an impenetrable circle around me, just as a flood of yellow light shone on our quartet.
“Hello,” Will said aloud but warmly. His deep voice made me shudder, everywhere. 
“A—hi,” I stammered. Oh my God! Was that the best I could do?! Where were my words?! What happened to my real voice?!
 
 
13. Wolf’s Den
 
“You look frozen dear.” Will backed away from the awning, giving us a very wide berth. My guardians whined in chorus, with two stepping to him in affront—puffed chests, bared fangs, yet Will’s eyes never shifted from mine. This irked Khala to no end.
 I really hate him.
 Khala! Omri cautioned her.
Now that isn’t very nice, Will spoke to her silent thought.
 I surmised that he was just like Isis and Anchille: a Blood God with supersonic hearing. I couldn’t help but be just a little disappointed—I wanted someone here to be human like me. Will gave me a crooked smile that I ineptly dodged. I realized I would need to be extra careful with my thoughts around him. After taking stock of my current needs from head to toe—I was desperate for warmth, food, and safety—I admitted defeat and entered. I kept my eyes down-cast as I passed him. My guardians followed, human like in their closeness; one at a time they shoved their way inside. Will smiled at them pleasantly, but as Khala brushed next to him he dared to touch her coat. She turned on him instantly, taking a satisfying chomp at his exposed skin. She missed, mostly, but Will held it for a few seconds, just as he would’ve from the near miss of a car door. He backed away more respectfully and Khala sniffed in triumph. The room smelled of fresh summer pine and burning wood from the fireplace, but all those aromas could not hope to mask the potent, virile one that had drawn me here. I hadn’t been able to place it before but Will reminded me of home, and of our backyard in summertime, when the Honeysuckle is in full bloom and Costas has lit the fire pit. I didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh.
Oh my, Omri grieved. 
It might not be such a bad thing, Isha proposed amiably. 
Oh Isha please, he no more smells of her home then he does of a man bathed! It reeks in here of rotten meat just like his hideous brothers! Khala growled. She didn’t even care that he could hear her slanderous words. She wanted him to.
Stop being so mean, I sent to her successfully. She mumbled a rebuttal and I decided I couldn’t concern myself with their arguments. I was much too exhausted. 
I sat down on a small blue couch, cuddling as close to the warmth of the cushions as I could. The entire room was so cozy; an appeal from the Lakes seemed to have fused to his home. My attention continued to be interrupted by Will’s shifting body. Every slight movement or turn sent chills up my spine. I tried to breathe into my shirt. I inhaled deeply, filling my burning lungs with stifled wet air. I felt refreshed momentarily, as I analyzed Will’s room and a large painting over the fireplace. It was a portrait of a man, with burning skin and a noble expression. Behind him were several thousand faces—a sea of similar noses, mouths and tawny eyes. They were so brilliant against the obsidian background. A pendant with a mysterious emblem on the front lay at his chest. I peered closer and realized it was some sort of animal, a jackal. The skin on my arms prickled. It was just a little disturbing.
Don’t feel bad, Lina. I don’t like that damn painting either, Khala admitted. It gives me the creeps! Not Sitre though, she thinks they’re beautiful! Didn’t you have a fling with Anubis once too?
 I could give you a symmetrical scar to match your other one, if you like? Sitre offered. At this Will chuckled.
 Oooo! Khala sneered. One fang shone in the light.
 Enough! Omri begged them. For goodness sake! Then she approached our sexy inn keeper. Will, we are only here for Lina to get warm, to perhaps eat and to rest and then we will take her back to Isis and Anchille in the morning. Let’s keep that in the forefront of all our minds, shall we? she commanded. Will simply nodded with a wink in Isha’s direction. She giggled excitedly. She really was smitten with him, I gathered.
“Of course Omri, whatever you say,” he told her.
It’s not what I say, Will. It is what our Queen expects, she retorted.
“Yes, I understand,” he agreed. If I didn’t know better, I’d say there was that same look and tone of defiance he bore this morning. Was that why Isis had said he was off limits, I wondered, because he was a known trouble maker? Boy, leave it to me to get mixed up with that sort!
Sitre and Khala were batting at each other, but it was much more playful now. Soon their eyes closed and heavy breathing escaped their muzzles. I was glad that they finally agreed to disagree for the evening. The last thing I wanted was to see them fight again. It had been so frightening. Once the cats were quiet Will slipped into a kitchenette off the main room. He returned with a tray and a silver glass. He set it before me and quickly jutted away. I glanced at him with deep gratitude because in all honesty, I was ready to bite his arms off I was so ravenous. Will’s eyes widened with shock.
I’d like to see that! Khala grumbled over her paw, her eyes still closed.
“Will you be quiet!?” I said crossly. She huffed and went to sleep. I glowered in satisfaction as I snatched up the sandwich and brought it ferociously to my lips. 
Will chuckled, his golden lenses flamed as he tossed me a dark square pillow. I smiled and placed it at the small of my back. He laid his head in his hands on the arm of the opposite sofa, watching me like a dog waiting for praise. 
There was a gruff exhale from the floor. I ignored it.
“Thank you for taking us in…and for…” I couldn’t finish. How hot you are, was what I wanted to say. I nearly choked on a corner of cheese as Will coughed hard into the cushion. “For feeding me,” I said lightly. I was totally mortified. So much for guarding my thoughts!
“It’s just turkey on rye,” he winked. I gulped down the thinly shaved meat. Was he teasingly comparing himself to a bland, boring sandwich? Was he crazy? He was in no way shape or form like a tasteless piece of fowl! Will was something much more exotic and succulent than that. Crap! Shut up, I told myself. 
 “So this is your house?” I asked hurriedly, devouring the cold sandwich and bits of cheddar. If I gorged myself I couldn’t speak or think anymore!
 “It’s my house, sometimes,” he answered thoughtfully, tracing patterns in the dark blue fabric of the couch. I watched him, watched his strong hands make those lines and again I had to force uncontrollable thoughts from my head.
I continued to struggle with my need to regain strength and fill my sore belly, but also the desire to stare at him. I could feel every fiber of my body tighten, knowing that this one was better left alone as Isis had warned. Yet all the signs attesting to the hidden danger couldn’t drag me away from him. I knew in that very instant, as I sipped on hot tea and nibbled a few more bites, I didn’t care to be anywhere else. It made me a little sad, and a whole lot guilty.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yeah.” I glanced out the window. 
The top floors of the mansion could just barely be seen over the tree-line. The windows were softly lit and I wondered—was Isis waiting up for me, was she worried? More importantly, was she angry? I was sure she knew exactly where I was, and that I should go back. I sighed as I watched Will’s full mouth part slightly. He slid his tongue across his top lip smoothly, enough that it appeared to be just wetting it, but it was so seductive. 
Oh my word!
He didn’t speak but there was laughter behind his stunning eyes. I wasn’t going anywhere. I bit my own bottom lip and instantaneously felt the rush of blood hit the surface. Then he smiled wide, and I saw that his eye teeth were formed to two identical points similar to Isis and Anchille, but also different. A low rumble escaped his chest, and his nostrils flared. He watched me so predatorily that my throat twisted.
“Uh oh,” I cowered from him. I’d seen enough preternatural abilities to know what was coming. I cringed and shut my eyes tight, fearing the inevitable shift into the supernatural. I shrunk away until I felt Will sit upright and take the plate from my lap. When his hands found mine I trembled.
“Look at me,” he begged.
“I know all about you, I just don’t want to see,” I told him.
“You don’t know about me Lina.”
I opened my eyes.
Will’s flowed between dark amber and bright citrine. I looked at his bronze skin that in the midday sun had been a deep tan but now looked burnt red, and full of some instinctive power. I hadn’t realized how warm the room had become until he stood to remove his t-shirt. My face pinched, knowing what I would in moments have to endure. He smirked, tossing it carelessly aside and I wanted to die, right then and there. Places inside my body were sizzling and out of control and I had no way to stop it!
“Thomas and Charles, they’re your brothers, aren’t they?” I assumed after seeing the obvious connections between them. They all shared the same crow black hair, alluring amber eyes, and excessive muscles. They were quite a trio: all over six feet, and all carved from the mold of a Spartan.
“They are,” he admitted patiently. 
“And you’re like Isis and Anchille? You’re all Dam Ilah?”
“Nope.” He crossed his arms. His hair was about twelve inches longer than his brothers and hung in waves over his chest.
“Huh?” How was that possible? They had to be Dam Ilah! They sure as hell weren’t human. No humans looked like this, and they certainly didn’t behave this way, at least none I’d ever met. There was Jaime. He was as close to a God on earth as I could tell, but he still didn’t possess this kind of magic, I was sure of it. Will sorta grimaced in the wake of my thoughts. 
“It’s complicated,” he said fairly low, while glancing at my guardians.
“I’ll bet,” I muttered. What else could he be?
 “Before I answer that, I’d like you to know that I would never harm you anyway.”
“Alright.”
“I just wanted that to be clear.”
“It’s clear.” I nodded to him and he smiled. My cheeks burned then, like days spent in the blistering sun. I knew I was completely and utterly powerless. Will sat on the couch next to me with swift deliberate movements. My heart rate accelerated. He knew he made me uncomfortable but worked very hard not to make it obvious out of courtesy. I appreciated that. 
“Thank you,” he said gently.
“For what?”
“For trusting me.”
“Who said I trusted you. I don’t trust any of you, yet” I admitted.
“Thank you just the same. Warm enough?” He toiled with my sweater.
 “Y…yesss,” I inhaled quick and pinched my nose. For heaven sake, what was wrong with me? I was practically hyperventilating! Will chuckled as he pushed hair from my eyes and circled it behind my ear. My brain was working overtime not to have any impure thoughts about him, but I couldn’t help it, he smelled so good and my whole body was tingling! 
“Ahhh!” I shrieked and covered my ears from my own thoughts, burying my face away from him.
“It’s okay Lina," Will murmured softly. 
“No it’s not, it’s horrible! Don’t look at me!”
I knew his face was inches from my own. I could feel his breath, rich and sweet on my already flushed skin. He raised his hand to my cheek, grazing his warm fingers in one long motion along the edge of my jaw. Every inch of my body was ablaze, every hair stood on end like live wires. I parted my lips as I turned to him, seeing every angle of his face, from the set of his dark brows, down the slope of his nose and right to the small mark above his lip that was an unmistakable scar. As I marveled at him he did the same of me, locking his hand in my tousled hair and staring practically inside me. Finally he brought a finger to his lips in contemplation, just as he had this morning when we’d first seen one another. 
“I can’t read your mind,” I announced, as if he didn’t already know that. The declaration provoked a tug at his lips. 
 “Nothing, I’m just as surprised by you as you are of me,” he admitted so humbly.
“Oh,” I said, gulping as Will tickled my face. Why was I allowing him to touch me this way? I didn’t know him. I would never have let a boy back home get this close to me after only a day. Again I wondered, what the hell was wrong with me?
“Should I stop?” he asked.
Yes, you should mongrel. You’re getting her all dirty, Khala hissed from her spot on the floor. I felt my breath catching in the back of my throat. I wanted to strangle her but before I could venture over I realized I felt a bit dizzy, disorientated. It was a pulling towards him I felt, like magnets, but while I felt the positive attraction there was also a lingering sensation of a negative response as well. I didn’t understand it.
“Why do I feel like this?” I asked him, deliberately ignoring Khala’s snide remark. He didn’t answer at first—he only stared at the girls, watching as their feline lungs filled with sleepy air and then exhaled slowly. What was he waiting for? I knew he had words on the tip of his tongue. His hand overlapped my own and his expression was already apologetic. “Can’t tell me anything, can you?”
“I’m not allowed to, no.”
“How are you at charades?” This too, got a good chuckle. “At least tell me what you are then—I know you’re not human and you’re nothing at all like Isis, so, what sort of God are you?”
“Lina.” 
I frowned. “Just try,” I told him. He straightened his shoulders and let go of my hands. I didn’t like that, at all. He clutched the pendant at his bare chest, a replica of the one from his painting, with the jackal. He faced it toward me, as if he were trying to make me guess. I stared at the pointed ears and black muzzle long and hard, flashing over what I’d seen and heard along the way. Khala and Sitre had fought and Khala had scorned her for loving what she’d called a dog. Sitre had mentioned the Sons of Lycion and I knew they were different. It took only a few seconds after that. “Lycos,” I inhaled sharply, realizing I knew the root of the word. Wolf.
“Does it frighten you?” he inquired, surmising that I’d figured it out.
I didn’t answer that. “I saw your brother devouring something hideous in the parlor this morning. Was it a human?”
“NO! Of course not,” he freaked, looking completely shocked and disgusted.
I sighed in relief. “Well, what do,” I had to swallow over the word before saying it, “werewolves eat?”
“First, we are not werewolves.”
“Sorry.” 
“It’s a common misconception,” he smiled. “We are, in my mother’s tongue, Volk Bogovi, or Wolf Gods. Our maker is Wepwawet, the male deity of war. My forefather was cursed by him, to spend his days on earth as beast.” 
“Agmenon, right?”
“Yes,” he replied, knowing that Isis and Anchille had shared minimally.
 “Khala calls you dogs, hell hounds,” worse than that even, I thought.
“She’s never hidden her distaste for Wepwawet’s sons, no.”
“I can see that, my question is why? Sitre said it wasn’t your kind that killed Khala and Isha’s original family, is that true?”
“It is, but trying to get her to see that over the years has been impossible. It was a misunderstanding, nothing more.”
“Why would anyone kill her family anyway?”
“We are soldiers Lina, as our father, Lycion, was before us and our forefather before that. Our duty was to protect the great kingdoms from domination. With that task comes a certain amount of bloodshed. My home saw quite its fair share.” 
“Your home?” 
 He groaned. “After acquisition the name changed. You would know it as Asyut today, but it has been called other things. Apparently, finding the corpses of my wolf brothers led the Romans to superstitiously call the area Lycopolis. Fitting, I suppose,” he rumbled dryly. I couldn’t help but laugh which did manage to raise his dulled spirits. “It still exists, to the trained eye.”
“Oh nice, so it’s invisible?” I snickered more. He glared at me and I quickly composed myself.
“Look at the floor,” he pointed to the four enormous Mau’s. “Do you still think it’s all impossible?” I glanced down at Isha and smiled as she purred.
“No, you’re right,” I agreed. “I’m sorry, go on.”
“It’s alright. As with the lands changing of power, so did the names of the Gods. Isis was Eset, Ahmose etc. Wepwawet became Anpu, Anubis, and so on and so forth.”
“It’s confusing.”
“Not really. Each God retains his soul identity. Your name is only part of your physical calling in a specific realm, Lina,” he paused, reaching for the area over my heart, “the one inside you has a name that is irreplaceable, no matter what others strive to call you.” 
“Oh,” I said absently. I leaned back against the cushion, trying to take it all in.
“The wolves of Asyut have an extensive history of protecting the land of the Pharaohs. They were nobles, which is why so many that died are buried in the temples. They too, were regarded highly.”
“I see.”
“Is it too much?”
“No!” I startled, after feeling him pull away. “I mean,” I reached for his retracting arm, “I mean I can handle it. Tell me more Will. I want to know everything.”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14. Intrigue
 
I could see plainly the animal inside Will, could sense the magnificent power coursing through his veins. He relaxed his body and as he did his face softened too. And then I reached up to touch it. My heart pounded in my ears. Even though I talked a big game—accepting the truth of him and of his past, was something indescribable.
“It’s you isn’t it?” I asked, pointing to the painting over the fireplace.
“It is,” he said calmly. 
It took me a moment to register that, even though I’d looked at it briefly. It was Will, but it was a Will from many, many years prior. His face was similar yet hardened in a way, as if he had some terrible burden to bare, the weight of many lives resting on his shoulders. He was buried in his hand. I reached for him and pressed my fingers over his palm. Will brought them to his full lips and kissed them lightly. Soon that electric current passing between us was connected again, pulsing. Images flashed before my open eyes, ones I’d never seen but somehow understood. There was an army, their bodies expertly shielded in black armor, their weapons ready. The sun was high and hot. As they began to advance forward onto their opponents the setting changed. I felt as though I were standing at the entrance of royal courtyard, only this one was made of sand and stone and beyond the tall pillars sat a mighty king. At his sides were two sons, their faces heavenly just like their dark skinned father. They were cloaked in armor as well. I waited for the third to appear, knowing that this great man had three sons, but he never came. 
“I see your home,” I told Will dazedly.
“Yes,” he whispered.
“I see your father, and Thomas, and Charles, but…not you.”
“Visions are just a glimpse Lina. We don’t always understand them.”
My eyes popped open and I stared at him. That was the beginning of Will’s withholding information. I wondered how long it would last and who it was he was trying to protect.
“I guess,” I muttered.
A hint of a memory lingered in the back of my mind—I just couldn’t grab a hold of it long enough to receive any concrete information. I pulled his hand back, hoping that if I touched him more visions would follow and I might be able to piece things together. I could sense; however, from his rigid body that he was beginning to shut me out. It was like he’d only go so far and then an invisible wall would appear.
“Tell me what you aren’t saying.”
“I can’t.”
“Why?” I protested. “What happened in the past that’s made everything so strained now?”
“So much, too many wounds to count.”
“Why do you stay then, if you’re so hated?”
“I belong here.”
“Will?”
“Hmm?”
“Are we going to be friends or not?”
He stared at me. “I want to be your friend.” It sounded like half a kiss off already, which made my insides implode from the worst disappointment I’ve ever felt. I tried not to let it show, though I was positive my face had shriveled worse than a prune. He blew the most adorable raspberry. “Short version?” he tested, squinting his eye.
“Deal,” I jumped.
“My father came to Isis’ aid, when she was Ahmose—”
“In Achaia, yes I got that part.”
“We helped her defeat her enemies but the strain of our forbidden relationships only served to drive a wedge farther between us. The Dam Ilah shunned many of Lycion’s sons after that, despite their service and sacrifice. Those that had illegally taken wives of the other families were punished, severely.”
“What exactly does that mean?”
“Some were disclaimed, stripped of their titles and estates. And some were…”
“Yeah?”
“Put to death,” he rattled quickly, looking sick in the face.
“How barbaric! It’s so, just, wrong! Isn’t?”
“Yes.”
“What gave them the right to make those decisions? Who made them the authority?”
“It all started a long time ago Lina. It’s always been so.”
“Khala said that any child Sitre and Lydas would have tried to have, would have been an abomination, that it would have been killed.”
 “Yes,” he said softly.
 “That’s why there isn’t more of your kind here now. You’re not allowed to be with them!” I staggered a bit. 
 “Not all alliances end in friendship Lina. War is war, and when it’s over many go back with their kind,” Will removed his hand and sat forward. “Charles and Thomas and I don’t feel the same as others in our family, and so we broke away from them many moons ago. It is a small society of wolves that feel the vampires and the daughters of Bast-et are our true blood kin, and that with time, our wounds can heal.”
 “Supernatural is supernatural, why should it matter what sort you are?” I argued. “It’s like…like,”
 “Racism? Bigotry? Ridiculous old world tradition that serves absolutely no purpose except to destroy the spirit of youth?” he proposed with a twinkle in his eye.
 “Sorta,” I rolled my eyes.
 “I agree. We are all born of the same magic; both survive under the same laws, both immortal born of immortal blood. We are the pure ones.”
 “Exactly, wait, does that mean there are ones that aren’t of your bloodline, that aren’t pure?”
 “Sure, humans that are made supernatural beings after being chosen or often times they—” he halted.
 “What?!”
 “Mistakes.”
 “Euw, that’s horrible!”
 “It happens, unfortunately.”
 Will leaned his head back. His hair fell around his chiseled face. I made the brave attempt to reach up and touch him again, though I was still terrified he might snap at me. But when my fingers made contact with his skin I found that he hardly flinched and I was soon comforted. It made me smile to see his full lips turn up in pleasure at my touch. A ripple of sound emanated from his chest.
 “Hmm, that feels good,” he said with his eyes closed. My hand quivered.
 “Where did you get that scar,” I asked, drawing his attention to the thin band over his lip. It was just visible in the soft light of the fire.
 “It’s nothing,” he murmured as he yanked my hand forcefully to his face once more. He greedily made my fingers tickle again. 
 “Is it a battle wound?” I half mocked in a playful tone.
 “No,” Will confessed. He sat erect and brushed my hand away delicately. His eyes flitted to Khala.
 “A misunderstanding?” 
 “I regret the state of mine and Khala’s relationship. I wish to be her friend but her animosity runs so deep.” 
 “I’m sorry,” I said.
 “You’ve no need,” he said breathlessly, now turning his body back to face me. I was hit with his scent full force and it made my jaw tingle again. 
 “Um…” I closed my mouth and shut my eyes as I tried to stifle the urges I was feeling. I didn’t know where they were coming from, and still didn’t know how to make them stop. I could feel his gaze on my face. Will’s lips were inches from my nose, and he inhaled once. Then, without warning he was at the opposite end of the couch, his fists clenched together as though he were about to hit something, or someone.
 “Huh,” I murmured and then my head spun. “Ah, my throat is burning!” I cried as I held my hands to my neck. It felt like the fires of hell were welling in my chest. It was the most insufferable pain and I wanted to scream.
“I shouldn’t have been so reckless,” Will cursed under his breath.
“Why, what do you mean!?” I gasped, still clamoring at my throat.
The pupils of his eyes were dilated and the ring of his iris was bright yellow. He tried to cover them, to keep me from seeing the change but I wasn’t frightened of that. I was afraid of the feeling deep inside me. There was a part of me that was beginning to crave him so desperately yet another part that felt agitated by his presence—all that, and I was terrified to leave him. He watched me so intently and I knew he was reading my thoughts. Will took one step toward me but stopped himself.
“Lina, your being here makes me feel, tense,” he replied, and immediately I felt wounded. “No. That isn’t what I…please don’t misunderstand,” he pleaded. 
 “I could go if you want?” I asked, praying he would stop me and also hoping he’d give me something to put out the flames in my throat. Will grabbed water from the kitchen.
 “Did I say I wanted you to leave?” he asked. “Here, this won’t help much.” I took it fast and downed almost the whole thing before responding.
“If you’re bothered by me,” I suggested.
“I don’t ever want you to go,” he whispered and my chest heaved up and down as I continued burying the magma pool with cold water. 
“You’re right, this isn’t working. It’s like pouring gasoline to a fire!” 
He reflected a minute. Without warning Will took the glass, dropped my hands and grabbed my cheeks, drawing me so close to his mouth that we were almost touching. 
“Breathe me in Lina.”
“No, no I can’t. It’s killing me! Why is it hurting so bad?”
“Trust me, inhale as hard as you can. It will quell the burn, I promise.”
I listened and sucked in every bit of his sweet earthy breath inside me, inside my lungs. It reached all the way to the pit of my stomach before whirling to my head in aftershock. I melted into Will’s arms and he lifted my legs from the floor, swinging them over his lap. Slowly but surely, just as he said, the terrible burning lessoned. 
“Why did that work?” I asked into his neck a while later.
“Truth?”
“Always.”
“You and I are meant to be together.”
I lifted up enough that our eyes locked. “Cheese much?”
“You wanted the truth. I was only honoring your request,” he said so honestly that I couldn’t poke fun. 
“That line only works for you, you know,” I replied sarcastically. Had anyone else said that to me after only a day I’d have punched them right in the nose? “It’s why I feel this way, why I suddenly don’t want to be away from you.”
“It is.”
“Isis said I had to stay away from you,” I informed him. Will glowered at that as I entwined our hands. “But, for some reason, I believe you,” I told him.
“Good.”
“I don’t know if it’s good or not, but I’ll stay,” I vowed, “as long as you want me to.” His lip twitched a smile and he relaxed further into the seat, securing his arm around me tighter. It felt nice until my forehead started to sweat. I reached my sleeve up to wipe it and suddenly I had the urge to be naked and out in the night air. 
“I’ll move,” he offered. I forced him back. 
“Just open a window.”
He stood long enough to open the back patio door. Cool evening air flowed inside the modest cabin and it felt amazing. I still felt like getting undressed but it wasn’t due to the temperature of the room.
“Must be quite a change from the mansion,” he commented with a smile, carefully avoiding my thoughts. 
“To tell you the truth neither is ideal for me,” I complained. I really didn’t feel comfortable, anywhere—the mansion felt like an ice box compared to Will’s more tropical accommodations. I shrugged out of the sweater, so appreciative for the white camisole beneath it. Will rubbed his forehead curiously.
“What?” 
“Neither temperature suits you.” Will looked at me from under his long lashes with a smirk tucked in one cheek.
“Yeah?”
“It’s terribly ironic, that’s all.”
I didn’t get what he meant but nonetheless, “I’m here to amuse.” I invited him back to the couch. He obeyed happily. “Tell me more about your family.”
“Siyn na Cakal, which loosely means Son of the Jackal, recorded their history in the Book of Agmenon.” Will squeezed my hand before hopping up and going to the back bookcase. He returned toting a large relic, similarly shaped and styled like Isis and Anchille’s. “Lina?” 
“Hmm?”
“Do you know why you’re here?”
“Sure. I’m the child of Hekate and Agmenon, I’m the ‘chosen one”” I threw in quotes and an eye roll.
He reflected a moment. “I was told of you.”
“I figured.” I didn’t think it was that strange anymore. I was positive they all knew about me, right down to all the gritty details—the ones I was so desperate to learn. “What, did you all sit down and have a debriefing before I came here?”
“That’s not how it happened, not for me anyway.”
“How then?”
“You mean when.”
“Okay, when did you find out about me?”
“3000 B.C.,” he said sternly, without flinching.
I gasped. Did I do it out loud? His face suggested that I had. “That would make you—”
“Really old.”
I counted quickly. I figured maybe five hundred, maybe a thousand at most, but he was actually closer in age to Isis and Anchille. I slid away from him a bit, but kept my eyes glued to his. I admitted fully that I was in shock, even though I shouldn’t have been. I wanted so much to reach a point of desensitization, but it just wasn’t happening quickly enough.
“How do you feel about me, now that you know?” He looked worried.
I swallowed before answering. “I don’t know,” I told him honestly. “I don’t know how to feel about any of this.”
“That’s reasonable.”
“Do you feel that old?” 
“No, I don’t. I stopped aging in my twenties—we all do. I feel like a man in his twenties, most days anyway,” he shrugged.
I couldn’t even comprehend it. They were all so beautiful, and so, well preserved. Immortality sure was a plastic surgeon’s nightmare. “That’s good.” I was really trying to sound encouraging even though I wanted to wig out. “How did it happen, who told you about me?”
“My uncles, my father, elders in our court, they were the ones who spoke of the prophecy. They read to the sons, the soldiers, from the Book of Agmenon,” he pointed. Will leaned forward, opened to a specific page, and pulled it closer to me. “The wounds inflicted on our people were so great that it had to be an answer from the Over Gods that would bring us our salvation. I just never believed our deliverance would come in the form of one, so young.” His eyes grew brighter.
“I must seem like a freak to you,” I complained. Will gawked at me in surprise.
“You, a freak to me?” he laughed.
I shrugged.
“You’re not a freak Lina. True, you are like a baby to me—your brown skin is so soft, un-touched by war. Your human heart beats so loudly, a rhythm I only knew as a child—it’s so, beautiful to me.”
I smiled really big.
“Was that a bad description?” he asked, wrinkling his nose.
“No,” I exhaled, “that was the most wonderful thing anyone’s ever told me—expect, ‘your father’s alive.”” I was so excited to see him.
“Yes, I imagine that was incredible to hear and I am happy for you.”
“Thank you.”
“When I look at you I see my own reflection, as a boy, back home in Emathia. I’m seeing my own soul inside you Lina and I don’t know how else to explain it, but that’s what this is for me.”
“It makes me happy too.”
He tilted his chin into my hand and nuzzled it gently. After a moment he slid the book onto my lap. He watched while I turned several pages slowly, observing each one, and taking care to remember anything that I deemed important somehow. There were so many letters, dates and pictures of them, all of them. The two books were very similar, despite being written by different factions—factions that were now mostly divided, except for a scant few believers in peace. I turned another page and was staring at a striking blond woman. She had Will’s Hellenistic nose and defined mouth but the most exotic aqua blue eyes I’d ever seen. 
“Who’s this,” I asked, completely mesmerized.
“That is my mother, Helsha.”
“Will, she’s so pretty. You look like her in the nose and cheekbones but more like your dad I think, at least your hair and eyes do.”
“She’s Macedonian and our father is Egyptian. He brought her over by ship through the Aegean Sea, but after a while she returned to her people. Helsha despised Egypt; she said she was fearful of what was to come,” he remarked. “She couldn’t ignore the voices in the temple, the voices of all who had perished. It sickened her.”
“She knew?” I asked.
“Yes, she was a kako velite vie. In Macedonian it means, oracle. That’s how she knew about you.” Will’s hands began to shake. “One night, after we’d fought our bloodiest fight, my mother knelt down near me. She told me that I would unite with you, that I should protect you.” The wind blew violently outside and the whistle of the trees grew louder and louder as the weather began to change, to become more destructive. I shivered beneath the thin silk of my tank top. Will pulled a cover over my exposed arms. I curled into him. He didn’t seem to mind me making the spot my own.
“I want to read this for myself,” I told him. “I want to know everything, the way you do.”
“I want you to know too,” Will smiled as we both held the book. Before we could continue a low growling filled the room. Four pairs of dark eyes hovered over us, their long fangs extended, claws flexed for action.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15. Bound
 
Omri lifted her huge paw, pressing it over the closed Book of Agmenon—she thrust it to the floor with one sure swipe. 
“Omri no!” I yelled to her, shoving my hand between her and Will. He pushed me aside and stood to greet her. Omri lifted herself to two feet and pressed her paws against him, forcing him back down, but he didn’t give in. Then she shoved him harder. 
Our instructions were explicit enough before she arrived—they weren’t to be misunderstood or taken lightly, she sent to him angrily.
“I’ve told her nothing Omri, except about my own past. Surely that isn’t a crime.”
What is occurring here cannot be, or have you forgotten?
“I remember Omri,” he assured her, finally settling next to me on the couch. She went back to all fours but stayed glued to him, her fierce violet eyes buzzing. I didn’t like the way his warm body was suddenly becoming colder too, a bit hostile. The last thing I wanted to witness was an all-out brawl, between a lone wolf and four ferocious cats. All this for my own protection—seriously, knowing my past ahead of schedule, wasn’t worth the hassle.
“Omri?” I moved to stand between them. “I’m sorry. Will was only answering my own questions. I pressed him for information. He was just being nice.” The low rumbling inside her made me nervous but I knew she wouldn’t hurt me. “I won’t ask anymore. I’ll wait for Isis and Anchille, okay?”
Will disclosing information that he shouldn’t is not the only issue here Lina, she told me.
“What else is there?” I asked even though I understood her perfectly well. I reached for Will’s pinkie and it was ready and waiting for mine. I kept my eyes on my guardians. Sitre and Isha stood watch, having fallen behind the other two, while Omri and Khala observed our entwined fingers. Khala looked a little disgusted actually. It made me jut out my chin in defiance of her prejudice towards Will.
You’re being very stupid, she said.
“I don’t care,” I protested, gripping Will even tighter. Why was I being so possessive of him already? I didn’t understand what was happening inside me, only that I was exactly where I was supposed to be.
You’re right, you are where you’re supposed to be, just not with Will, Omri sent.
 “Who says? Who gets to decide who I’ll be friends with?”
Lina, Isha whined.
Tragic, Khala muttered. 
“WHAT?!” I snapped back.
She shook her head and tossed her shoulders, in order to sit on her hind legs. When her large feline face was an inch from mine she said, Each shall seek his own kind. I felt Will hardened at her predictive words—he didn’t buy into the madness any more than I did.
It’s inevitable Lina, you may as well not fight it, Omri answered regrettably. The timbre of her ancient voice was hard to ignore. She too, stood on her hind legs but pressed her thick paws back to Will’s chest. He didn’t move to strike her which I was grateful for. I honestly didn’t know who would fare better in their fight and again, I didn’t wish to find out.
Leave her be William, for her sake as well as your own, she begged him.
He pondered a moment but then his grip on me grew tighter still. “I’ll do whatever she asks, but only what she asks and no one else.”
Freaking dogs! Khala sniped. Loyal to a fault, even if it means their heads!
Shut up Khala, Sitre roared at her.
“Omri, I know you know the stories. I also am aware of your abilities and so you can understand my position.”
I understand it well Will, Omri responded more patiently. Khala shifted irritably at her side, having backed away from us a bit as if the situation were too loathsome to her. 
Isis will have all our skins for this! she complained. Omri, we should just go back right now, before he allows this to get any worse than it already is!
“Nothing’s happened that can’t be undone,” he told her. I let go of his hand abruptly and with a profound pain in my chest. Suddenly he wouldn’t even look at me; he only stepped to the girls, extending both hands in peace. “You can take her now. I won’t stand in your way.”
“NO!” I shouted at him, but he didn’t turn around. The girls remained silent and I knew they were conversing privately together, deliberately keeping us or maybe just me, on the outside. “Don’t do that! Don’t talk like I’m not here dammit!”
My guardians finally relaxed. Before I could blink Isha and Sitre took up their posts on the fur near the fireplace, while Omri lay a few feet from our table and Khala stalked back to her place at the door. 
“What happened? What did you say?”
“They’ve decided that I’ll no longer be a threat to you, at least not tonight,” he informed me with a slow smile. Omri peered up almost remorsefully, then lay her head back down.
“What am I missing?” I asked Will. His eyes grew pale.  “What is it?”
“It’s nothing Lina. You’re here now, and you don’t have to go.”
Why couldn’t I be a mind reader? All the extra perception was doing nothing for me with Will. He didn’t have a normal human aura, with telltale colors of emotion. He reflected so much though, and what he lacked in color he made up for in present vitality. Maybe supernatural creatures didn’t emit energy the same as we did? We watched the girls for a minute, and soon their breathing grew deeper, more sedate. I took Will’s hand in mine and instantly felt a reserve. I dropped his fingers cold, staring at him, in him even. I understood just fine then. He agreed not to speak to me after tonight. He exhaled and ran his hands along his jeans. 
“It’s the only way I get to keep you.”
“For a night?”
“One night is better than a thousand empty ones,” he admitted. I couldn’t breathe and he quickly brushed along my cheek to steady me. “Want to sit outside?” he asked, content to disregard that the sun would be up in just six hours. Six hours? Why did that length of time feel like seconds? Was this how people felt, the ones who claim love at first sight is real? It sucked, big time. It sucked worse for me because I was still in love with someone else. My head hurt. Will was waiting, and he shouldn’t have to wait, no matter how confused I was, or how torn.
“Okay, let’s go outside.”
Mist from the rain lightly sprinkled the porch and steps and Will pulled two stools close to the wall for us to sit down. I inhaled long and relaxed my shoulders. It was nice to finally get some fresh air and even in the black of night, I could see the crests of the mountain tops illuminated in the moonlight. I leaned against the wall and closed my eyes. Even though my chest was throbbing and I felt a certain devastation creeping up inside me, I would stay present—I would spend our one night, together. Will rocked his chair back and gave me a breath-taking smile. I closed my eyes and allowed him to watch me privately for a few minutes. When he didn’t continue the story I cleared my throat.
“Death, wasn’t even the worst of the punishment Lina. It’s what happened before that,” he whispered. “Indefinite separation might actually be tolerable by simply knowing your mate was out there but un-harmed…only, that wasn’t typically the case.”
“How do you mean?”
 “When it was discovered that a wolf had mated with one of the guardians, their torture was so excruciating—it destroyed them, and their love, shattered the faith of two families.  They were forced to watch one another writhe in pain, by fire, mutilation and other tortures. Their organs were removed and eaten by Sek-met herself while Serqet presided over the trial. The accused were be-headed, along with the removal of their limbs, then they were placed in sealed sarcophagi, unwrapped so that their bodies would decompose,” Will cringed and clasped his hands together tightly. His memory was fresh, the inflicted wounds of those close to him, those he knew, were graphic, and intolerable. 
“Why was it so severe?”
“To prove a point.”
“Of?”
“That we’d no control over our lives, whatsoever. They would never make it to Duat, and that was the deepest torture of all, to lose your faith and your love in the flesh, and to forever mourn them in the abyss for eternity.”
“Where did they go?”
“No one really knows for sure, but some speculate about a mythical place somewhere in the Nether regions, where their souls linger in torment.”
“Like hell?”
“Worse.”
 “Oh,” I held my hand to my lips in horror. I glanced to the fire, too revolted to look him in the eye anymore.  Poor Sitre, I thought to myself.
“She was lucky. They both were. Isis saved Sitre from enduring the last death and Lydas was given leniency. If not for the position they both held, it could have been much worse. Many suffered before them.” 
“She misses him so much.”
“Sitre’s sadness never leaves, never subsides, it only grows each day of her immortality. She feels it more when she looks at me or my brothers and for that I am filled with regret. Lydas was my cousin and he was a great friend. I pray that he is at peace.” 
“Why are you really here?”
“My brothers and I protect Isis and Anchille and we watch over their sons.”
“Why do you have to, aren’t they powerful enough to do that job on their own?”
“Everyone has enemies Lina.”
“I thought your kind were their enemies.”
 “Some maybe, but no one in my family. There have been mumblings, rumors of a threat for many moons. Perhaps it’s other Blood Gods that fear what Isis and Anchille have brought into their world, or it could be someone or something else entirely.” 
“They’re just babies!”
“Immortal children, Lina, toddlers, who just one month before you arrived, were delivered from the womb of a dead woman. Now they are three and quickly approaching full maturity, at an astronomical rate. It’s unprecedented and most know that she conceived them through magic. What sort of magic is what is at issue. It isn’t their silence or ambiguity the elders fear, so much as it is their future. The Dam Ilah have lived by a certain set of commandments, and the birth of these two children signifies to them, end of times.”
 “I can see how that might cause hysteria, even amongst their kind. They fear what they don’t understand.”
“What they don’t understand they kill.”
“Clearly, from their murderous track record.”
“Hmm,” he grunted.
“Comforting,” I added cynically.
“It’s why we’re here, to protect you, from brain-washed Blood Gods, to rogue vampires looking for an easy kill, and even those nameless threats that tend to hover in the wings.”
“There aren’t many of you here Will,” I reminded him.
“There’s more of us than you think,” he assured me.
“Well let’s hope so,” I muttered. “Don’t need an immortal lynch mob coming here!”
“To them, extermination of a threat seems absolutely reasonable, but Isis has met with council since their birth, and no one has given her any indication of an uprising. For the time being I think we’re safe.”
“You think we’re safe,” I repeated drolly. He just laughed and tipped his chair to look at the rain. “Will?”
“Yes?”
“The animal I saw, is it one of you or something else, something…bad?” Bad? How did I know who was bad and who wasn’t for Pete sake? What I didn’t know about these creatures could fill the Grand Canyon.
“I don’t know for certain Lina. We chased it away and haven’t smelled it since. It was familiar to us but also not. For now we’re keeping a close watch.”
“How soon before we know what will happen to Ash and Khan?”
“I don’t know,” he said reluctantly, rubbing his head. “Ahkmenotep is here to test them daily and the elders hope that yields some answers, but for now we can only speculate.”
“Well what does the council think they will do, grow to be some mutated monsters?” I shook my head. “It’s not like they’re the next generation of extremists looking for payback for the past.”
Will rose a brow. “But, the elders don’t know that. Maybe Isis and Anchille orchestrated the whole scenario, for that exact purpose?”
“That’s stupid,” I said. “Isis may have personal demons with what she is, but she loves her life, and her family, that is more than obvious.”
“Exactly, and she will do anything, anything to protect them.”
 “She must have wanted them pretty badly to go to such lengths to bring them into this world. I highly doubt she’d do that, only to gamble with their lives later.”
“I would say so,” Will agreed.
“No one knows for sure how she did it?”
“And we may never know. Isis is one of the most powerful beings the world has ever known and her choice to fashion life, through whatever means, has been perceived as incredibly careless and without regard to the coven or their well-being. They feel it’s put all of us in such an unstable position. If the children were ever seen, or if their identity revealed, it would be catastrophic to the covens.”
“Well they’re keeping them way out here, away from humans.”
“Yeah,” he agreed.
“What?”
“Isis doesn’t really follow Anchille’s orders to keep them hidden. You’ll find this out yourself.”
“She must know what she’s doing.”
“Let’s hope so,” he said.
“How many true vampires are there and how many are made in the world?” 
“There are none like Ash and Khan. Isis has never divulged her secret, and she’s never offered it to another female Dam Ilah.”
“No I mean bitten and then changed and all that.”
“Oh, I see. No, it doesn’t work like that,” he grinned.
“How then, how does it work?”
Will pondered that a moment before answering as if he were being cautious of how to respond. Then he lifted his left arm and turned it over to the soft flesh of his elbow. Silvery lines blemished his smooth skin in the shape of bite marks. I winced just looking at them.
“If I’d been human this would have been fatal. A human is bitten and delivered a sedative found within the Dam Ilah’s saliva. Like Ricin, the silver stream moves rapidly through the body, coagulating the blood and finally collecting in the heart. The pooling of poison finally kills them, but not before the vampire has taken his/her fill. Long ago the Dam Ilah mastered the art of keeping a human alive, and in the process were able to make endless followers, if they chose.”
“And with you?” I gagged a little at his scars.
“I am already immortal so it didn’t affect me the same. It was uncomfortable and for a few seconds I was immobilized but was able to quickly regain my strength to take that one down. I’ll always have the scars, but in my case the poison stopped there; it remains trapped beneath the skin.”
“Does it happen often, the making of vampires?”
“No. That was a very long time ago, and it was mostly out of necessity. The Dam Ilah needed bodies for war, nothing more. Feeding now is simply a part of their earthly make-up, it’s become a conditioned habit for some and for others it’s part of the past—they don’t even take part. Rogues that don’t live by council, or at the very least in a specific Sett have learned to steer clear of us. They know we will not allow them to hunt humans in our presence and so they stay away.” Will put his arm back down slowly and rubbed the area once like he was remembering.
“What’s a sett?” I asked.
“It’s a coven, a family, the place where most vampires stay for comfort and safety. Each one is divided by name and led by a specific elder who presides over that region. You may, from time to time, here wolves refer to those safe houses as nests, but Dam Ilah find the term extremely vulgar.”
“So these rogues, they like what they’ve become?”
“They must. Killing is their nature; it’s what they live for. They’ve got zero ties to loved ones, and nothing in their psyche to hold them back. They’ve hit the humanity snooze button one to many times.” He smiled.
“Degenerates,” I muttered harshly. 
“I know.”
“Isis is the oldest? Does she make all the decisions?”
“Yes and no. They’ve formed a sort of Board of Trustees. It’s become their way of mutually deciding who would be given eternal life and who would not, amongst other things.” 
“We’re not cattle!” I screeched. I hadn’t realized I was standing over him, my eyes burning into his. “Ugh!” I scowled. He tried to take my hands but I smacked them away. “Forget it, I don’t wanna know anymore. You said you wouldn’t tell me anyway so let’s just stop talking right now!”
“Lina?”
“Bep!” I held up my hand. Will leaned back in his chair, and was quiet. For a minute we enjoyed the peaceful night’s silence. He shifted and I knew he couldn’t resist. I groaned, making slow eye contact.
“Celts drank the blood of the dead, Aztecs too, the Incas, the Egyptians, and thousands upon thousands more civilizations utilized organized group killings to appease the Gods. Consumption of human and animal blood and flesh alike has been a part of our world since man was put on this earth.”
“Your point is?”
“We are not man’s twin but there is some similitude.”
“We’re nothing like that!” I snapped, inadvertently scooting my chair away from him. I sat back down in a huff. 
“I only meant that we have our fair share of good guys and bad guys—that we may live under the pall of immortality, but, we are not all equal. There are those of us that kill for the pleasure it brings, and for those of us that are appalled by such business, we choose the alternative.”
“Oh,” I said softly. 
“Some of us kill to survive and do so as humanely as possible and others of our kind do it maliciously, with no regard for life of any kind.” Will glanced out over the darkened tree line. Beyond lay the majestic fells, pitch black and almost humming in their silence. I felt incredibly small in this new world. I didn’t know how I would handle it.
Will rose and crossed to the porch, folding his arms together over the railing. I followed and balanced my forehead against the wood praying for the control not to bang my frontal lobe repeatedly. He tried not to show any sign of amusement.
“Do the humans who become immortal become Gods too?”
“No and most vampires alive now are not Gods either, though they profess to be. Their arrogance is detestable,” Will grunted.
 “That’s funny,” I giggled.
“What is?”
“Immortal posers.” 
Will smiled big and white. “Cute.”
“I try.”
 “You don’t have to try at all,” he said, reaching across the railing to caress my finger. My heart did that stupid pitter patter thing again and worse than that was, I knew he could hear it, as clearly as he could probably here a train from miles away. 
“Why don’t you tell me about where you’re from? It seems you need a rest from all this,” he suggested. My face contorted. I was hoping he wouldn’t stumble into that question, at least not until I was on my way out and could have more easily diverted from it. Will watched me go through a host of debilitating emotions.
“I… (whew) I don’t really,” I couldn’t finish. 
“I just want to know about you, what you like, what you despise, please don’t say wolves!”
Now look who’s being cute, I thought.
“I want to know what you love—you can say anything Lina, whatever comes to mind, just let me hear your voice for a while, please?” Will tipped his head against the porch column and rocked back and forth soothingly. He closed his eyes and I knew he was waiting. After a long drawn in breath I started to speak. I didn’t recognize my voice at all.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16. Forbidden
 
Six hours went by in a blink. Will had sat fixed while I rushed through my entire life, from being born and mostly raised in New York, to moving to Chicago freshman year. My teenage tales had to of sounded so arbitrary and a bit infantile, considering who and what he was, but he listened intently nonetheless. It was as if he wanted to hear nothing else in the entire world—he’d kept our hands woven together and if I didn’t know better I’d say a few times he was beginning to daydream, but then he’d stroke my finger or open his eyes to look at me. Birds were chirping in the forest and the smell of dew would soon dissipate like our brief time together. I knew I had to leave him but I wasn’t ready to. I could have went another forty days just like that, content to sit by his side quietly. Will was like food, or at least a damn good replacement. But I remembered his bargain to Omri and my heart fell to my knees.
“Will I at least see you again?” I asked him. The profound pain in my chest was indescribable and something about the way he looked at me, told me he felt the same way.
“I’d like to,” he said.
“Friends, right?”
“Friends,” he agreed.
 “Well, thank you, for taking care of me…of us last night,” I pointed to the girls. I felt a huge ball in my throat and I wanted to cry.
“It was my pleasure.” He looked down at me with such worry, a soft line formed between his brows. I reached up to touch the spot, knowing his thoughts were exactly with mine. I couldn’t say anything with my guardians nearby. They were just stretching and getting up when we walked back inside the cabin.
God it reeks in here! Khala hacked from the door. She shoved it open, practically cleaning it from its hinges as she made her way into the morning sun. I glanced up at Will and shirked a shoulder.
“She probably has a hairball.” He covered his mouth and coughed. Khala grumbled from outside.
Isha followed but not before glancing back at Will apologetically. He tipped his head to her and then she and Sitre ducked outside as well. Omri hung back as if she were about to supervise our farewell. I wanted to scream. She let out an exasperated sigh and bobbed her head to Will before leaping out too. Finally we were alone and I felt I would come out of my skin.
“Will?”
“Yes Lina?” He closed his eyes softly, bending in to smell my hair and face. The way his warm lips traced patterns over my skin was heartbreaking. Even the new burn in the well of my throat was worth the pain, just to have him near me. I knew it was insane; it was outrageous what I was feeling. It was so ludicrous that I had to try and block the notion all together.
“Never mind,” I sighed. It was so like me to fall for a guy so quickly and it was shameful considering my heart hadn’t had even a millisecond to heal, and yet…here I was, feeling much like the positive end of a magnet! Will stared at me before moving to the door. He pulled his hair away from his face and around his neck so that his bright eyes bore into mine. I about fainted.
“Say what you’re thinking Lina.”
“I can’t,” I breathed into his palm. I could feel his disappointment, and the flex of anxiety in his hold. It wasn’t that he couldn’t hear my thoughts, it was because he wanted me to say my feelings out loud—I just couldn’t do that. I didn’t have to know my entire past, or his for that matter, to know that he could break me. The point was that I knew I would allow him too.
“I understand,” was all he said. He seemed nervous like he wasn’t sure what to do next. I took a step forward and wrapped my arms around his waist. I couldn’t believe what I’d just done, but I also couldn’t let go. His soft hair tickled my face and I murmured into it, taking in the scent of the woods and the sweetness. I wanted so much to memorize it. Why did I feel like we would never see each other again? Will rocked me slowly, my cheek was smooth against his chest. His heart pounded inside, like a jackhammer. 
“Rest today,” he prompted, while stroking my face tenderly.
“Hmm hmm.”
“Lina?”
“Yeah?”
“You’re going to get me into so much trouble.”
“Will.”
“Shh,” he murmured, “I’ll risk it… for you.”
He tipped my face to his and then without warning, Will lifted my feet from the floor and pressed his mouth against mine. I felt an inferno begin in the back of my throat. He didn’t stop and I didn’t want him too and so we stayed locked together, hands clutching waves of hair, fingers wound around necks. The flames mounted and that’s when I felt Will begin to pull away. When I looked at him, his gaze was wide, careful. He lifted his finger to his lips to ponder a second and I noticed his skin was flushed red.
 “I have to let you go now.” His sweet breath grazed my forehead before he planted a kiss there. I felt lightheaded all over again. He set me down and touched my chin, “I’ll see you soon.” 
The world had changed.
I pushed my way into that glorious sun without looking back. The grass was greener and more alive; the air was crisp, clean and potent, and the rush of water nearby sounded even louder than before. I could hear everything, and it felt I was doing so for the first time. This was an un-known and un-seen pleasure that I was sure I’d never witnessed before. The ground seemed to move up to greet my feet, and the wind circled my body gently while it whipped all other life into frenzy. The wood was no longer dark and foreboding as it had been last night, but welcomed me into its’ green sanctuary. The girls and I walked side by side at a steady pace as I began to feel the pressure to return to the mansion. I was eager to see Isis and Anchille, to reassure them that everything was okay—no, that everything was wonderful.
Lina, you mustn’t!
It’s already done, Omri, called Sitre from farther ahead.
“What do you mean?” I asked innocently. 
You know very well, Omri said in a disciplinary tone.
 I knew from this day on she wouldn’t be leaving my side even for a second. I grumbled at that. And I did know what she meant. I knew. I just didn’t care. I wanted him.
We’ll be hung for her defiance Omri! Khala screeched a warning. Her violet orbs pierced me as she passed, whipping my arm with her black tail. I was afraid of her, I could admit that without shame—she was terrifying, but I wouldn’t let her ignorance deter me from being with Will.
Let’s go, Omri ordered us.
As we rounded the shelter, the girls’ quickly changed back to their human forms. Each one stepped out of their cottage wearing their maiden garb, their onyx hair woven into thick long braids. I smiled at them despite our differences of opinion—mostly because I was thankful to not have to face going home alone. We closed in on the mansion and I could see the row of cars at the main gate; the first’s shiny paint glinted in the sun. Next to it, a grey one, with aero-dynamic angles that reminded me of Isis—they both seemed so untouchable in the same way. In the last spot was a black pearl Murciélago, its vertical doors were wide open and shooting to the sky. I only knew that one because of movies, and wow was it gorgeous. Completely unsafe to drive and totally expensive, but stunning nonetheless. Giovanni was doting over it, salivating actually but I paid his slobbering no attention—I only wondered if his work partner would be coming back today. Twenty minutes and I already wanted to see Will again? I was about to become one of those lame girls Patti and I used to make fun of—the pathetic ones that wrote their boyfriend’s names on their wrists in pen. Get a grip, I told myself, you’re more mature than that, get a grip!
I raced up the steps only to run smack into Avati—it was breakfast déjà vu all over again, only this time she stood in the foyer with a perplexed look on her face. My cheeks warmed as I felt she would read everything behind my eyes—not to mention I was wearing one of Will’s sweaters which was four sizes too big. It smelled so good and I almost lifted the straight collar to my nose but Isha knocked my arm with her elbow. Avati eyed me suspiciously as I passed and I could have sworn she sniffed my hair. It was a little odd, and a lot irritating. As my guardians circled me beneath the chandelier, Avati pushed her way through. She clamped her pale hands over my small shoulders and leaned in till her face was centimeters from mine. Her stark silver lenses penetrated my face and I stiffened at the intrusion. She circled her nose and lips near mine and I realized she was trying to catch a scent there—Will’s scent. 
“What are you doing?” I asked her, trying to push her away.
“Oh,” she clicked her tongue at me. My eyes dropped to my boots in shame. I was holding my soiled clothing from the night before in my hands. I knew I looked bad—hell, I looked guilty. “Che problemi ti causa piccolo. Such trouble you’ll cause.” Vati shook her dark head briskly. I swallowed hard and then braved a response. 
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Oh mi! Due anime spostare l'equilibrio della natura.”
“What’s that mean?” I asked her in a hushed tone.
“She said, ‘Two souls shift the balance of nature,”” offered Khala.
“Avati!” Isis bellowed from the cooks’ kitchen. I made a sound like a peep and soon my ears were ringing with fear. The girls stood arm to arm—their hearts racing like mine.
My eyes flashed to Sitre who only stared back at me with some repentance. I wanted to grab a hold of them and never let go. Even Vati’s expression whitened and I clutched at her teal suit in fear. 
“Go to her Lina, go, don’t make her wait,” she pushed me. 
I looked back at my companions once and then began making my way down the glass corridor. I didn’t even walk really; it was more like the teetering of a mouse, skimming the rails to keep clear of the house cat. I looked up at the tall windows to see the clouds begin to swirl and sway, each formation becoming blacker than the next. The hair on the back of my neck stood erect because I knew it was Isis’ doing—she was bringing forth this dark storm. I whimpered softly as I focused on moving into the kitchen. Isis sat at the small white table. She cupped a black coffee mug in her hands; an image of a cobra was infused on it. Her jet black hair fell in long swirling waves down to her hips and the minimal light from the back door radiated through her silver cashmere sweater. She lowered her head to me, but remained focused on her drink. 
“Sit,” she said without a smile and my belly sunk.
I wanted to go back to the night before. The worst thing in the world to me right now, besides never seeing Will again, would be to do anything to upset this woman. The cool storm swirling in her eyes scared me to death. Isis tapped her long fingernails chillingly over the wooden table, her eyes continued to bore into mine and then out to the kitchen’s back door, toward the mountain. 
 “I am sure you already know what it is I am about to say to you,” she gathered.
 “I suppose so,” I mumbled. Isis slid up her sleeves and then moved her lanky legs out from the table and crossed them. They looked so thin beneath the cotton cigarette pants. Even the tops of her brown feet were etched with veins and tucked loosely inside a pair of ballet slippers. She reached her hand across the table to mine and I flinched when her fingers met the end of Will’s clothing. I was terrified she’d snatch it right from my back and burn it, in order to remove any trace of him. “I would do no such thing,” she scoffed at my thoughts. “I will; however, release him of his duties here, if that is what is required.”
 “Please don’t do that, it was my fault entirely.”
 “Just the same, he knew the rules and he nearly broke them.” I finally met her piercing gaze. I couldn’t allow him to be fired over me. That would just be unacceptable.
 “Please Isis, please don’t do that,” I begged her. She only pondered my words shrewdly. Her silence was deafening even against the slow painful thud of my heart. “What are you going to do?” I asked with my head down.
 “I don’t know. Like you child, I find myself in new territory. I am your aunt and as such I find it difficult to do anything that could cause you pain; nevertheless, you both have left me without option.”
 “I’m sorry that he’s in trouble for telling me the truth, and I’m sorry that you don’t agree with our friendship, but I’m not sorry we met,” I told her firmly. “I won’t ever be sorry for that.” I sassed the last part.
“You may one day Lina. There will come a day very soon, when you will feel differently about him.”
“Different how?”
“I cannot say, you must trust me.”
“How can I trust you when you won’t tell me the truth? You all ignored me my entire life! And now, now you want to come in throwing your weight around, forget that! You’re not my aunt, you’re a stranger.”
“Lina please!” she roared.
“I won’t feel different,” I protested, my chin raised. She grabbed it fast as lightning, tugging my face to meet her cool glare.
“You will, and I won’t stand for it. Anchille and I won’t watch you go through the pain of it. You may not know us, and for that I am regretful, but these absences you speak of, were beyond any of our control. I may not feel like family to you, but be that as it may, I am responsible for you from here on out. It’s for your own good, please, do not push me.” 
“I like him.”
“That is irrelevant child,” she griped in annoyance, waving her hand in the air. I bit my lip and could feel the sting of her ambivalence in my throat.
“How could my heart, be irrelevant?” My eyes filled with tears. I didn’t know what I was more upset about: Isis’ authority, my father’s return, my recent break-up with Jaime and the ceaseless guilt I felt over it, or the fact that I couldn’t keep my new friend.
“The things in your head,” she hissed to herself. “Lina, those things cannot be!” Her words cut me like a knife. “You cannot possibly understand the implications of what the two of you may be entertaining! It is preposterous, please! You mustn’t and that’s that, don’t be foolish!” Her edict could not be refuted, not by me and not by anyone. I closed my eyes and bowed to her just as her own servants do. It was the first time in my life that I felt utterly powerless. Her decree weighed heavily in my legs, crushed my shoulders into averse submission.
“Alright Isis,” I said, my ego severely bruised.
“Good. Let this be the end of it then,” she exhaled. I knew I’d awoken something inside her, and that something was parental frustration.
“I think I’ll go lie down, if that’s okay?” I asked. My voice was pathetically void of rebellion. Somewhere deep inside I felt an obligation to please her.
“Of course my dear, please go rest. We’ll send for you when it’s time for dinner. Sitre and the girls could come prepare you?” 
I narrowly accepted. She released my hand and I realized that she truly meant no harm. She really wanted me to be happy here. In spite of her words and how they affected me, I knew that she wanted nothing less. I stood from the table and made my way to the door. Before exiting I turned back, “I’m sorry, about Ash and Khan.”
“They’ll be just fine,” she said strongly. Beneath her cool braise there was a lack of confidence to back her declaration.
In my room, I felt the first waves of disenchantment threaten to swallow me whole. My new world seemed to be unraveling at its paper thin seams. It’d only been twenty four hours and already I was thrust into such an extraordinary realm of reality, and now it felt as though it may not last. I was determined to stay, but frightened of the unknown. I was hurt by what Isis had said, and couldn’t help but feel pressured to go against my heart. I sank beneath the bedding, bombarded by Isis’ cautionary words that still rang in my head. She’d been utterly clear: Stay away from Will.
Dòmi pitit l, granmè se isit la
“Grandma?” I whispered though I didn’t open my eyes. I could feel her all around me. This was our dream world together.
Sleep ma chérie, sleep.
Bordeaux House, my grandmother’s Louisiana châteaux, loomed regally over the courtyard, but it was in such a sad state. The columns were no longer white but yellow stained and filthy. The wraparound porch had been shattered by a fallen Spanish Moss tree on the right side. The lawn was plagued by weeds, rusted wires encroached the stone walls like an aged prison. Even the roof looked as though it’d been bombed in a raid. Still, it was the prettiest spot in New Orleans. The trees that lined the drive ran directly along the Mississippi and gran had, had the most abundant gardens I’d ever seen. Oddly, the block was deserted and the cemetery was unusually quiet. There was also an opulent row of black orchids making their way up the staircase and in through the front door. That’s how I knew this was a dream. Gran had put those orchids there, to let me know she was with me at the mansion. I made my way inside to the sound of her singing a lullaby. I had goose pimples all over my arms and part of me wanted to run from the place but I didn’t. I couldn’t.
“Nani?” 
“In the parlor chéri,” she called. 
There she sat, plain as day, not a hologram as one might think a dead woman would appear, but whole and alive. It was the second time in a week that I’d seen her. She began to play the piano again and as tears streamed down my face I sat on the loveseat, hands folded patiently in my lap. When she’d finished the piece she turned and I was shocked at how youthful and vibrant she appeared. Gran had passed when she was just sixty and now she looked no more than forty at most. Her black hair was pulled to the nape of her neck in her signature chignon, and there was the silver comb grandpa had given to her for her birthday. Now I understood why it was so special to her, why she rarely ever took it out of her hair—it had been a gift from Menaan. Her dress was the same one from her burial, tea rose colored with white lapels and pink buttons. She smiled widely at me and I gave a half wave.
“Are you real?” I asked her in a serious tone. She laughed.
“Are you?” she answered sardonically.
“I’m dreaming. This is a dream Gran. We buried you in Lafayette cemetery, years ago.”
“My my, well then you must be right chile. I am only in your dream,” she said with a coy turn of her head. “My house looks awful,” she said in her deep southern accent. It made me want to cry again. “All this dust, all these weeds growing inside here, improper.” 
“I’m sorry grandma, I’m so sorry,” I whimpered as I held my face in my hands. I felt her warm embrace though I hadn’t seen or heard her leave the piano to join me on the couch.
“Pourquoi petit bébé, why do you need to apologize?” she asked.
“I’ve never come to visit you,” I admitted shamefully.
“Don’t trouble yourself with this, hear?”
“But I’m a terrible grand-daughter!”
“No, no. It was my time to go and it’s hard for you,” she said.
I cried into her cool slender neck, praising the angels in Heaven that I was able to feel it and smell it too. Whether it was a dream or not, it was a precious gift I’d been given. “I love you so much.”
“Et je t'aime,” she cooed as she planted kisses over my head. After a few moments I lifted from her shoulder and wiped my eyes.
“Why are you coming to see me gran?”
“You’re my sugar.”
“Nani?” I queried further but she didn’t answer me.
After a bit of silence my grandmother stood and headed for the broom closet. She pulled out an array of cleaning supplies, mops, and wash basins. Then over her shoulder she called for me to help.
“Ahmolina, this place is unfit, even for the dead! You help me tidy it up a bit,” she demanded in only a way she knew how, with spunk and adoration. I smiled and reached for a broom and dustpan.
“Grandma, none of this is real,” I mentioned casually, wondering why on earth we were about to clean. 
The look she gave me let me know that she cared very little about that fact. I got to work. It felt as if it took us several hours to clean the place up. It sparkled when we’d finished. Gran was smiling. I put a log into the fireplace and she and I sat down once more, tired, hungry but most of all appeased. The later it got outside the eerier the old place became and soon the sounds of other voices at the end of the hall spurred me to lean closer to my grandmother for safety. She chuckled lightly as she always did, with teary eyes and her white teeth shining.
“Just houseguests, old soldiers I presume. One of them keeps trying to speak to me but I just tole’ him, ‘Go on back where ya belong, Abel. You’re dead darling, you are dead!””
“Why are you here?” I finally asked her again. She looked deep inside me with her soulful black eyes.
“I just never got taken. God want me to stay here I guess,” she laughed again, a little nervously as she too peered around.
“What’s the last thing you remember Gran?”
“I remember my funeral,” she explained. “I remember your mama, cryin’ over me. I watched from another tomb as you all left the mausoleum and then…” she stopped.
“What!? What happened?”
“Just…darkness honey, only darkness,” she sighed.
 “But then you found me?”
“I feel your thoughts sometimes. They draw me out of the darkness and I’m able to come to you. I feel other things too though cher, bad things, so many bad things that I just, just get plain ol’ too scared to face them. And then I end up here again, in my house. This house, I shared this place with your granddaddy for a short time, before he had to leave me…too.”
“Nani?” I turned to face her. Her whole body began to shake and shiver.
“Bébé?”
“I know about Menaan. I know so much,” I began to weep.
“Oh,” she said abruptly. She didn’t have to answer though. I could read her thoughts as clear as if they were my own. In our dream world nothing was left unsaid.
“Why didn’t you let him change you?” I asked her through waves of tears.
“There was just no time left for that,” she told me. I wailed into her sleeve—I couldn’t stop. “Ain’t a whole lot to be done about it chile.” She headed for the white staircase that led to the second story. Linora stopped on the landing but didn’t turn around to me. The house shuddered beneath her sadness. “Not even he could bring me back now,” she answered desolately. My grandmother looked back once; her black eyes were cold, distant as she ascended the cracked staircase alone. “My love is gone, moved on to the other world without me.”
“Gran!” I jumped up to run after her. “Bring you back, what do you mean bring you back?!” I cried out to her, but she vanished. 
 I stood at my vanity, awake and sobbing. I doused my cheeks and neck with cool water. The room was spinning or maybe it was my head. My jaw tingled and filled with cool spit that wet my whole tongue.
And then I got sick.
 
 
17. Dinner Party
 
I had no strength left as I meandered slowly to my bed. I pulled back the violet duvet and crawled inside—I didn’t even bother removing my oversized clothing, just my shoes. I curled into Will’s sweatshirt, bringing up the pocket to my nose so that I could smell him again. It gave me peace in the wake of my disturbing dream. I missed my grandmother so much, and to think, it had been as simple as my grandfather turning her into a vampire, and she would still be with me now. She wouldn’t be stuck in limbo between worlds, left to wander that tomb of a house for eternity! Why hadn’t he changed her in the first place?! Why would Menaan have chosen to leave her, to let her wither away and die? It made me so angry I was ready to scream. What had she meant about him bringing her back, I wondered? Was it possible to return from the abyss, after death? No, I was sure I was taking her literally and that just didn’t seem likely. Maybe what she’d hinted at was more spiritual than physical. Maybe she simply wanted him to be with her instead of where he was, which was clearly on a completely different plane altogether. It would drive me insane, to the edge and over if I kept on obsessing about my grandparents. I had pressing issues in the real world to deal with. On cue I heard the parlor door of my private chambers click and close. Isha and Khala’s ceaseless banter floated into my room. Sitre followed behind with a cart of Rinalde’s—I assumed choice pastries—designed specifically to tempt me out of bed for this ill-timed soiree. 
“I’m not going,” I told them defiantly, without moving a single muscle. Sitre frowned and peeled back a silver top, revealing eight white Nipples of Venus and other exquisite French chocolates. I knew Rinalde had made them with me in mind, and I so felt an inclination to test them. It was probably the perfect remedy for my current depression—Sitre smirked and plucked one perfect truffle, waving it near my lips. I passed.
“Are you kidding?! He never makes these anymore. It’s been years!” Khala snatched up a perfect cream in her slick hands and tossed it into her round mouth. She licked her lips hungrily and winked at me. “You’re missing out!” she said with a mouthful.
“Try one?” Isha offered me with a sweet smile. She stood a foot from the bed, small hands on her tiny hips, her long braid draped over her peach tunic. I loved her easy style, and her effortless charm. She would become one of my dearest friends, but I still wasn’t eating one of her damn chocolates. You’re very stubborn, she sent with a pout. Even she couldn’t resist Rinalde’s magic touch. Three more pieces of ecstasy disappeared from the tray.
“Yum!” Isha grinned and dared to take just one more.
“You shouldn’t eat too many Ish,” Khala warned.
“Why not?” her sister worried.
Khala raked Isha’s backside with her hand, “Your butt’s getting bigger, that’s why!”
“It’s not!” she squealed, slapping Khala’s hand away and quickly dashing for the mirror to gage her hips. The frantic look her eyes was horrendous.
“Isha, you’re perfect,” I assured her softly from the bed. She blew me a kiss from her reflection and dropped her tongue at Khala, who rolled her eyes and scoffed another treat.
“Alright, enough messing around!” Omri ordered. To me she snapped her fingers, “You—up, bathe, and dress,” she clicked her tongue, plucking me straight from the sheets as easily as if I were her own kitten. I was surprised she didn’t bite my gruff and haul me to the tub herself.
“I may if you don’t move it,” she threatened.
I grumbled as I wound myself out of my clothing and into a bathrobe. I went through the menial motions of washing myself, my hair, and brushing my teeth. That felt pretty good actually. When I’d finished I stood, towel-wrapped, ankles dripping onto the lush carpet. My guardians set about preparing me for this monstrosity of an event. Sitre pressed her thumbs over my scowling in order to begin applying my make-up. I conceded and let my skin fall into a relaxed state to make her job easier. What was the point in fighting anyway? My whole life was quickly spiraling out of control—I may as well go with it.
“Drama queen,” Khala mouthed breathlessly. I ignored her.
“Shouldn’t we be listening to funeral processionals, instead of authentic belly dance?” Over the titillating beat of drums, clappers and lyres, I lamented, “Why bother dressing me at all?” 
“It is a formal dinner, Lina,” Omri replied persuasively—enough that I needn’t protest further. She and Isha worked diligently on my hair, while Khala painted my nails and toes and Sitre finished my face. The colors of the shadow, and polish were a deep red purple, like blood—it was a nice contrast to my brown skin but I’d never worn anything so bold before. I wanted to hate all the pampering, just to be disagreeable, but I couldn’t. It felt nice, to be taken care of. I still didn’t see the point though. Why bother sprucing up? I was most likely about to get eaten anyway.
“Don’t be so utterly ridiculous! Everyone is coming here for you, not to feed on you,” Khala snipped at me. I could tell she was losing her patience. Good. 
“Lina,” Sitre said softly, as she touched her hand to my arm. “This is one day. It’s only one day, you can bare it, can’t you?” 
I only shrugged at her.
“Such a spoiled brat!” Khala cursed under her breath. She was finishing the last toe and I wanted to shove my foot right in her face.
Do it, and I’ll dump this polish all over your gown! She eyed the garment bag hanging over the canopy. 
Promise, I thought temptingly.
“KHALA!” Sitre shouted at her. “Lina, enough.”
“Only the daughter of Ahmenos would be given such immense gifts and still be ungrateful!” the tall girl leered at me from the floor.
“What’s that supposed to mean?!”
“It means that your father carries this overt sense of entitlement, as if the rest of us don’t matter as much as his child.” She slid her sharp nail beneath mine, in order to remove excess paint. She’d cut me in the process, before stomping to the vanity and slamming the bottle into the mirror.
“Hey!” Isha tugged her sister’s arm in an effort to quell her brewing anger.
“I didn’t ask for this Khala,” I murmured, biting back the sting in my throat as well as the minimal fight I had left in me. My frustration wasn’t meant for her and I felt sorry for directing it so. “If he boasts it’s not because he’s arrogant. He’s only proud of me, and there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“Fine, but we didn’t ask for this either,” she retorted, arms linked severely. 
Sitre took up my hands to make sure they hadn’t been smudged in the scuffle. Khala glowered near the table, her hands balled tightly at her sides. Isha shoved into her in order to grab the dryer. There was playfulness in her approach but also an unspoken lecture.
Apologize, she told her sister, when it was clear there’d be no amends for her part. 
 “Omri, the sooner she gets on board, the sooner this will all be over!” Khala snarled instead.
That’s not an apology, Isha scowled at her.
“Khala,” Omri said, gritting her teeth. 
I knew she’d rather bite off her own slick tongue than say she was sorry for anything, least of all to me. Khala seemed to tread a hair-line between being someone’s friend and actually being their enemy. Finally she stood up and crossed the room. I was seated now, on a round white stool. She shifted her jaw back and forth, as if the words were cement in her mouth.
 “I, apologize.” 
It almost sounded sincere, almost, if it weren’t for the flames in her eyes. “Okay,” I accepted. With her sisters satisfied that the squabble was over, they continued working.
“Lina, the elders that arrive tonight are Isis and Anchille’s dearest friends—the ones that have been with them centuries, and some more than a thousand years. They too, have been waiting for you, forever. Everything is going to be just fine, right?” Omri asked the other girls, who nodded in agreement.
“Maybe it isn’t even about them coming. Maybe it’s about something more, something I can’t see right now. I have this terrible feeling Omri, I really do.”
“It isn’t coming from us, or anyone in this house, I swear to you.”
 “She’s right. Just try to relax. Have a bit a faith,” Isha said positively. She began looping my hair around the iron and I watched solemnly for a moment before dropping my head. An hour later, shiny black and caramel ringlets wove their way around the stationed orchid that she’d placed at the crown. The rest fell down my back in sultry waves. I hadn’t had my hair so styled since prom with Jaime. I’d actually sworn off debutante dos ever since that fateful night. A tsunami of acid whirled in my belly just thinking of it, but thankfully my guardians were much too busy to inquire. 
“Linora wanted you to have this, Lina,” Omri smiled as she connected a brilliant red stone to Hekate’s, which already had been given to me and lay at my throat. The two pieces fused together in a wash of rose brilliance right before my eyes. Omri and the other girls smiled at its completion. “Accept tonight, hear and see with eyes wide open.” 
“It’s so beautiful, thank you.”
“With the Bloodstone of Sek-met, you now carry all our hearts over your own.” 
 I held my hand over my chest. The weight of the necklace was much heavier than before, but somehow with the pieces fused together, I started to feel a sense of peace and wholeness. I continued ogling until Isha clapped her hands and grinned.
Sitre and Khala locked on me simultaneously, “Dress time.”
They took the gown from the bed and it swished along the floor as they walked to me. I put my arms in the air and they slid it down with ease, not taking even a single strand of hair from its place. When it was half stationed I opened my eyes to its glorious fabric which was a deep purple. It was so lovely but I could scarcely breathe. It was my first time in a corset and so I swallowed thinly as the final buttons were fastened. Definitely not my time period, at all.
“Oh I don’t know, I think you look quite stunning actually. What do you think Sitre?” Omri looked on me with such odd fulfillment in her gaze that I blushed. 
“You don’t even need the crown,” a response was whispered.
“Argh, don’t make me nervous.”
 Sitre raked her thumb under my chin. “An Egyptian princess, who bows to no one.” I felt my other hand tremble inside hers.
“My father use to say that to me. I had no idea what he really meant, until now.” The notion that I would someday become like Isis, was surreal.
I held the necklace between my fingers. It was literally, a heavy reminder that this world was still so alien to me. Despite that realization, the ornate piece did instill a sense of power. The moment it lay against my bare skin, I felt a whirl of strength deep inside. The fact that my father once held the piece in his own hands, the same hands that had engulfed my own as a child, made me feel better then I’d felt in years. I couldn’t wait to see him, to hold him. I knew it could take months, but that didn’t matter. Knowing he was alive and well and so close to me, was enough to give me courage to keep going. I turned in a circle to show off the final product even though I hadn’t seen it yet. Immediately there was a melody of applause. I stood in the full length mirror and didn’t recognize the girl staring back at me. My heart sank.
“What is it, what’s wrong? Oh, you don’t like it?”
“No, no of course I do, it’s just…”
“What darling?”
It took me a moment to answer. “I don’t know who this is?” 
“It’s you Lina, it’s who you’re supposed to be.”
“I know you say I’m supposed to be her, but I don’t know how. I don’t know if I can.”
“You can,” reassured Omri. My guardians stood behind, each one watching me in the mirror. I decided to look once more, to see what they were seeing.
 I smoothed my hands down my arms and over the soft satin folds of the dress. I looked like a porcelain doll. My hazel eyes were thinly rimmed in black with a sweep of violet shadow and they looked so much brighter and full of life. My lips had just a hint of pink and they too, looked full, round and inviting. For not eating or sleeping, my skin look healthy and it glowed—there was something slightly off about it though, like it was too luminous. Who’d have thought any girl would ever say that? I hated to admit it and I wouldn’t ever admit it out loud, but I was changing. I could feel it. Deep inside in the secret places—places that had always been locked—something was shifting, opening. It scared me. I couldn’t help but feel I was walking into an intricate web, one that I might not escape from—I just tried to put my faith in my father and grandmother. They wouldn’t have guided me here, if it wasn’t meant to be. I looked down at my feet and trembled, knowing that over-confidence would only serve to heighten my anxiety. Isha quickly fastened the towering stilettos and I laughed wildly as I got a mental picture of myself, arms flailing as I tumbled down the stairs in front of everyone! Now that, was the real me.
“You won’t fall. Anchille is waiting for you,” Isha informed me. I bid them goodnight and made my way to the end of the staircase where a man in a sharp black suit stood waiting. I looked over him to the twinkly chandelier and watched as the crystals cast a million prisms around the room. Five foot candelabras with red pillars were placed along the hall and entryway—they gave the mansion such an old world feel. I approached the man in the suit and tapped his shoulder softly. He spun around and when our eyes met he smiled so big. 
“Shall we, little calla lily?” 
“You look great,” I said nervously, unable to cease staring at his unearthly appeal. His skin dazzled in the light and so did his smile. My uncle chuckled politely at my gaping and extended his tailored arm. I knew then, that he wouldn’t let me fall, not ever. He led me over to Thomas and Charles who had just entered—Rinalde took their overcoats and moved away unobtrusively. Anchille swung me around to them. 
“Isn’t she a vision?” he surveyed.
“She is,” permitted Thomas. He moved to take my hand and against my better judgment I allowed it. I was still annoyed by his behavior in the white parlor, but he was Will’s brother. I figured I should give him a chance. Thomas winked and I was staggered, not by his brazenness but by his ability to clean up. Dare I say he actually looked presentable, human even, apart from those damnable honey eyes that bored uncomfortably into mine.
My apologies, he sent, giving my hand a kiss.
“Lina,” Charles interrupted, giving Thomas a disapproving glance, “you look beautiful.” Then to his brother he said, Don’t speak to her or touch her that way when the elders arrive.
Why not, we’re guests too, Thomas complained.
“I think what Charles means my friend, is that we must adhere to our arrangement as much as possible, when other eyes are watching,” offered Anchille.
“In other words, the dogs must be silent,” crowed Thomas. I pulled my hand back and shook my head at him to stop.
“Thank you for the compliment,” I accepted. 
You’re welcome and I’m not the mongrel you think I am. 
I pushed his elbow a little. Behave then.
Isis descended the winding staircase from the right—her black snake dress clung to her body then fanned like a mermaid to the floor. Anchille drew in a slow, unsteady breath. She smiled at him, her eyes were lit like warm steel. When they touched, their arms wove around each other and they made their way toward their approaching guests. Isis signaled for Thomas to escort me to her and he did so obediently but still with his own dramatic flair. He spun me toward her like a satiny gift, then clicked his heels like a footman. Momentarily Isis was stunned by his boldness but she shook it off just as quickly. I knew he’d pay for it later, but I don’t think he much cared. Thomas would stoop to no one either, not even his ancient Queen—I respected him for that.
If you keep flattering me dear, I’ll have to steal you from my brother, he joked. 
I can’t be stolen, I said mentally, even as guests exited from three black Town cars. I watched as the first couple approached, arms linked, silver orbs electric in the moonlight. 
Does that mean you’re his? Thomas asked, despite Charles throwing him petulant glances in between preparing for civil hand shaking. 
“Thomas, go busy yourself, elsewhere,” Isis told him with a dismissive wave of her hand. 
Charles laughed and pulled his brothers arm, forcing him to take a far stance to the new guests entering. Isis introduced me to her friends, Lyon and Etienne, from Northern France. They were tall, blond and angelic with their sculpted faces and icy stares. Thomas and Charles were helpless, ten feet away, arms crossed and their amber eyes flitting. What were they so anxious about? I was the human here, shouldn’t I have been the only nervous one? Before I could further speculate two more vampires approached. These were Vittorio and Aeolian, from the secluded Apennine Mountains of Italy. They were just as statuesque as Lyon and Etienne, with their black hair, stormy gazes and smooth olive skin. I tried not to cower away, repeating over and over what Sitre had said. These vampires, or Dam Ilah, were here for me, to greet me, and to finish the process of revelation—they weren’t here to devour me. I bravely extended my hand to Aeolian, expecting her to accept, but she didn’t—her eyes instead bulged, as if she’d seen a ghost. Suddenly she moved in, and way the hell too fast—I blinked when I realized she was bent indecently at my mouth. She sniffed there and I blatantly pushed her back as I’d wanted to with Avati. Aeolian didn’t budge, not even an inch and my hand throbbed from the strike. Vittorio hissed at her when she reached out her hand to touch my throat. I don’t think the sound coming out of Vittorio’s mouth could be considered an actual word—it was more like an animalistic grunt. He called her again, his eyes turned black as a sharks. I knew he was telling her to get away from me and finally she obeyed, though when she turned, she did try to muster a genial smile. My necklace had done it, had made her pause. If that was enough to keep them at bay, then so be it. I peeked to Thomas and he pulled one finger to his lips. I looked back at the couple and then I heard Aeolian’s voice. It was the strangest, most other-worldly sound.
“Hai visto quella collana,” she said to her mate.
“Tranquillo, allontanarsi da lei!” snapped Vittorio. I continued watching the dark eyed vampires with caution and strained my neck to hear more.
“Ti ho detto che era Vitto vero, te l'ho detto. Guardate i suoi occhi, che è il figlio di Ecate e Agmenon!”
I squeezed Anchille’s hand. “What else did she say?”
 “Aeolian is surprised that you exist.”
“Ha, tell her the feeling is mutual,” I folded my arms. “Why did she say Agmenon?”
“She recognizes that we have brought you here to determine if you are in fact the child of the prophecy,” he explained fast. “It’s hard for her to believe in you.”Anchille patted my arm gently before reaching for a man who could be his twin.
“Ahnri!” Anchille embraced the man while still holding my pinkie in his. Behind Ahnri a woman was hiding. I slipped away back to Isis.
“My brother-in-law, your uncle,” she announced quietly to me.
“Who’s with him?” I asked struggling to see the hiding face. “Marija, a Romanian he picked up in Bucharest,” she sighed. Ahnri approached us then, his date in tow.
“Isis,” Ahnri announced as he turned his date around, “Marija, aceasta este sotia Anchille, lui Isis.” The dark haired woman nodded knowingly and extended her hand to my aunt, who didn’t move in response. Marija was very pretty and also very human. From what I could tell, she’d not been invited.
“A pleasure,” Isis offered in a cool, indifferent tone. “Ahnri, this is Ahmolina, your niece.”
“Good evening,” he said cordially, with a bow. He looked just like Anchille, apart from being a few inches shorter, and having less angular features.  
“Hello,” I said kindly, trying to keep my hand steady. It was nerve-racking to meet family members this way, even under normal circumstances. Ahnri grinned at my thoughts and leaned in to kiss my cheek.
It’s wonderful to finally meet you, he sent privately. “Mari, acest lucru este Lina, singurul copil Ahmeno lui,” he introduced his date to me. Marija didn’t speak a lick of English and Ahnri’s Romanian was simple, yet they seemed to get along perfectly, playing within each other’s hair and laughing privately. 
She put out her pale white hand to me, “Hello.” I smiled to her until I felt a tight squeeze on my left hand, almost cutting off the blood flow. I’d forgotten Isis was still holding onto me. Anchille took the pause as an opportunity to guide his brother toward the wine bar for a drink. When they’d gone I whirled on Isis.
 “What are you doing?” I pleaded for her to release my fingers that were turning purple! Her face was pinched and noticeably annoyed, but finally she let go. Ahnri swished his drink to Isis and then lead his green eyed date toward the sitting room. Isis growled beneath her breath but still Anchille heard it. He frowned at us and stepped with the other guests, to lessen the awkwardness of the moment. 
“She’s not welcome in my home. Ahnri knows this and yet he disobeys,” her full lips curled back over her glistening teeth. Isis wasn’t a generous smiler by any account, so I hadn’t really seen the inside of her mouth. For a moment, and only for a brief moment, I saw a sharp protrusion on the right side. She had fangs! I don’t know why that of all things shocked me. I guess I figured they might not have them, or that they fed in a different way, but I was wrong. I was very wrong. There were distinctly two sharp points and I figured they were equally matched on the opposite side. I didn’t want to see more of them, that was for sure.
“Why does it matter if she’s here?” I asked, ignoring the dental display.
“Nothing for you to worry about dear,” she lied, unfurling her lip. Isis flung me alongside her, and followed the party to the parlor where Marija had taken to swiveling her hour-glass figure about the elegant room. Thomas’ tongue was half-way out of his mouth and suddenly I too, was annoyed. Soon all eyes were on the sensual woman, including Aeolian’s, who licked her lips despite Vittorio’s ever silent reprimands. Isis grumbled beside me. “That’s why it is a problem. Mingle love, won’t you? When the clock tolls please usher everyone down into the dining room.” 
“What?! Where are you going?” I freaked. Her expression was dreadful, as was Lyon’s and Etienne’s. Why were they so angry? And then I wondered, maybe it wasn’t anger, so much as it was…hunger? Oh God. Perhaps it wasn’t my own neck I needed to be concerned with.
“I must speak to Rinalde my dear, about dinner.” Again, she lied. I was sure by her masked expression she was up to something. Isis tossed me an unconvincing look of innocence.
I watched as she slipped away, pulling her chef and right hand man with her impatiently. He turned once to give me a mournful look and I shuddered. I knew it was about Marija and I was suddenly so worried for her safety. Surely they wouldn’t hurt her? It would be so tacky, so out of character, at least for my aunt and uncle. Then again, how well did I know them, or their intentions? I’d only recently found out about our blood relation—that left many unanswered questions. Who knew what they were capable of?
Everyone began to be seated, pulling out their chairs and admiring the intricately patterned black cushions and polished wood. It hadn’t taken much to get them to follow me and then I realized they all had their own mind reading abilities. I struggled not to have any truly puerile thoughts as they no doubt would be intruding on them. For the third time I wished I had their telepathic ability, if only to know their real intentions, for me but mostly for Marija. I glanced nervously around the room, taking note that three chairs still sat vacant. The two heads remained empty, those of course belonging to Isis and Anchille, but there was one opposite my setting. Who else would be joining us tonight?
 
 
 
 
18. Declarations
 
After several grueling minutes Anchille entered the dining room, raising his long arms as he again greeted everyone. “My apologies friends,” he smiled brightly. Isis came in after, still looking enraged yet tolerant somehow. “Let us finally enjoy a glorious dinner together,” Anchille encouraged each of his guests and then winked at me that all was quite well. I was still unsure. 
Ahnri appeared very frustrated and my only thoughts were that this dinner was not getting off to a great start. An invisible wall of animosity had everyone teetering atop it, barely able to withstand this enormous pressure cooker. The servants entered with polished dining carts, each one covered with crème linens and displaying flutes filled to the brim with slushy bright contents. The guests glanced briefly to the staff, acknowledging them moderately before turning their attention to their hunger. Rinalde set a silver dish in front of me without lifting the cover. Before he backed away he settled his gaze on me. It was full of such empathy, as if he wished he could whisk me back into the safety of his kitchen. I winked at him nervously and his crooked smile almost made me faint with fear. He knew something that I didn’t and that worried me. Seconds later the bell rang three long sounds. Anchille nodded to Rinalde and soon the Frenchman headed to answer the caller. We all heard him open the door and also heard his invariable gasp as he greeted the newcomer. A husky warm voice floated in from the foyer and with that sound, a heat that I recognized too. Anchille stood and clasped his hands over his jet black suit; a reluctant smile met his composed face when he looked at me.
 “Monsieur William,” Rinalde clicked as he held his right arm for Will to pass. My heart dropped anchor at my feet.
 Will strode past the others so quickly it didn’t leave much room for proper introductions. Standing idle only a fraction of a second, he bowed to Isis and then turned to me, a devilish grin displayed on his lips. I knew my mouth had fallen open, and I did nothing to close it. I couldn’t. Will pulled the chair out and in the same moment was seated, his movements held more of a beast-like quality than the night before. By the way everyone was snarling in their soup I assumed his behavior was not only un-appreciated but also as ill-timed as the human sitting down from me. He was showered, shaved and dashing in blue. His white collared shirt was unbuttoned and I literally found it difficult to focus on anything but him. Will’s brow raised and there was a sexy glint in his eye. He clasped his hands together, elbows on the table.
“You look fantastic!” 
I twittered uncontrollably like an idiot. “Thank you.” I wished I could stop myself from reacting to him in such a child-like way, but I couldn’t help it, not at all, not even a little bit.
“Brother, you’ve got a bit of drool, just there,” Thomas gargled under his breath. Will paid him no attention at all. His eyes never left mine and then I could feel the tip of his foot beneath the table. A spasm shuddered deep inside me.
“Will,” Isis snarled. 
“Isis,” Will replied in the same form and without taking his eyes from my lips.
What followed was a string of growls, all but Thomas and Charles who remained very un-usually quiet. They looked to their brother, and finally urged him to stop. Will dismissed their concern, blatantly ignored the disapproving sounds coming at him from across the table. He only spoke to me directly.
He took a deep breath. “My chest hurts to look at you,” he said, before releasing such a tortured smile that I could feel my heart pumping my blood harder and harder.
“I’m sorry you feel that way,” I managed. The room became so dark that I no longer saw candles, glasses, or flames. I only saw Will, surrounded by the immense light inside him. He wasn’t human, but he was gloriously bright. Finally, I saw his aura, and it was beautiful.
“Mmm,” he moaned. “I missed you today,” he purred, as if the afternoon for him had been utterly dull until this moment. I bit my lip, feeling so exquisitely lovely and full of joy and also full of dread all at the same time. It was madness. 
On the outer limits of our private world, I again heard discriminate growling. The other vampires seemed to concur with Isis and made no qualms about letting Will know through their glaring. Their faces slightly morphed from serene to ghastly in seconds. Their lips receded over their sharp teeth in an offensive way and then Thomas and Charles stared at Will wildly. Their pleas were more persuasive than before but nothing could take Will’s gaze from me. Isis silenced her guests’ incessant hissing with a wave of her hand and once again they were beautiful; obedience lit their gorgeous faces. Will and I continued to observe one another as two children would—with innocent curiosity. 
“Isis?” said Lyon.
“Yes,” Isis answered ponderingly.
“I believe these two are in love,” he said speculatively. Isis threw another staunch glance to Will before she answered.
“It’s nothing Lyon,” she offered too quickly. I choked uncontrollably at her hurtful words and Will’s expression mimicked my own though he knew plainly of what she meant.
“Do you hear that, she said this is nothing?” Will motioned between us. I urged him with a look to let it go, to just be still. Whatever was going on between us, whatever craziness was beginning, now seemed not the time to make any sort of declarations. My thoughts didn’t matter—it was Isis who would put a stop to it.
 “Remember your place,” she barked at him.
“I remember it well, you need not remind me,” he retorted, finally smoothing his suit arms and looking directly at her.
“Do not speak in a tone that suggests you misunderstand my meaning. You may well be the heir to Lycion’s throne, but you are not an elder here,” Isis snarled back.
 “How did this happen?” Lyon asked.
 “Friends, let us dine and get our heads clear. The children have done nothing wrong,” Anchille interceded. It was funny to hear him refer to Will as a child, but I suspected that to them, age measured in millennia did make him an infant. The depiction of Isis, in the Book of Menacon, was drawn around 3500 B.C., the time of Achaia, but she told me later that she was much older than even that. Will’d only a few thousand years to Isis’ ten or more, who really knew. It was the difference between a five year old and a thirty year old. The wisdom, insight, and experiences were worlds apart.
 “What you say may be true Anchille but forgive me, this may not be something we can ignore,” Lyon responded more firmly. 
 “This night is for Ahmolina, for her legacy, not for you to have bewitched her with your charms, William!” Isis shot forward, ignoring the other elders.
 “Isis!” Anchille started.
 “It’s alright,” Will said slowly, leaning back in his chair, contemplating. Finally he put his napkin down and stood slowly. “Your queen is entitled to feel as she does, but all of you hear me now. I am no child. I am a man, a solider and first son of King Lycion.” At this he dropped his biting stare on Isis. “I’ve served you and served you well—do not speak to me, in such a tone.” A cacophony of discontent rumbled the room though it was clear no mouths had moved. Isis’ silver eyes widened but she soon composed herself and sat against the smooth velvet chair. Seething was the emotion.
“Ahmolina?” Lyon addressed me formally. I thrust my tongue in my cheek.
 “Lina,” I corrected carefully. 
“My sincerest apologies, Lina,” he obliged. “Permit me?”
 “Ask me anything you want,” I told him as bravely as I could.
Lyon watched me silently and I started to feel the tickling around my brain. He was tapping into the deep reservoir of my thoughts and feelings. There was no way for me to stop him and then he looked around the room and back to me in surprise.
“She is in love,” he said, pointing.
I wanted to die.
 I looked to Will first, it was a reflex. He smiled short, his butterscotch eyes were so round in anticipation. I could hear my own pulse beating behind my ears. It was a hot, agonizing sensation that left me clammy all over. Suddenly the satiny fabric of the gown was like wet saran wrap on my skin.
 “So what! Will you kill him now?” I blurted crazily, keeping my eyes glued to Will’s. There was a bit of laughter that followed. 
“Who’s been filling her head with such nonsense?” Lyon chuckled. Isis glared directly at Will. 
“It’s not nonsense! I know what happens to us if we try to be together,” I answered him. 
“What does she know Anchille?” he asked in a business-like fashion, completely ignoring me. Everyone groaned as if the entire conversation was an inconvenience.
 “I of course can only speak of what Isis and I have shared with her. Lina knows what we all are and I would venture to guess that she’s learned a bit about our wolf brothers, thanks in part to Will.”
 “Understood, but what does the child know Anchille?” Lyon probed further.
 “We waited for you and for the others to arrive. Isis and I only went as far as to show her the truth of our existence, her true parentage, and…”
“And?”
“She is aware that Ahmenos lives.”
“That’s all?”
“That proved to be enough for one day.”
“I see.”
“Lina was then introduced to her guardians and given time to get acquainted with them. We’d know idea that would entail so many hours spent, away from the mansion,” Anchille admitted as he glanced to Will. I felt very guilty all of a sudden.
 The party chewed on the new information for several minutes. It was excruciating waiting for the coming verdict. I wished they would just get on with it. Was I going to be punished? Was Will? Before any of them could speak Ahnri’s date Marija reached her hand over the table and knocked the contents of her wine glass to the floor. It shattered into a million glittering pieces and soon the dry smell of Chardonnay filled the air. Marija apologized profusely. She then bent down, scraping her knees over the broken glass in the process. Ahnri pleaded with her to stand but she wouldn’t or couldn’t as she scooped her hands over the shiny debris. Thomas and Charles and I looked on in horror as the vampires attention was diverted from the issue of Will and I, to the poor Romanian woman, whose bright blood pooled at her thin wrists. Etienne and Aeolian’s nostrils flared and then their eyes became black as night. They looked hollow, void of any compassion for the unsuspecting woman across from them. I hated the way they were so fixed on her. I watched their movements carefully. I tried to calculate if some impending doom lurked over our interrupted dinner. Even as Ahnri stood and beckoned Anchille for help, their eyes remained hungry and remote. I wanted to do something, I wanted to help Marija but I was stuck in my chair, unable to move. And then Isis spoke.
“Anchille, please help our guest.” Her husband nodded once and abruptly took the girl into his arms and covered the mess of her hands as he walked her briskly to the door. Her crimson dress was disheveled as she peered over her bare shoulder to Ahnri.
“Ahnri?” Isis said frostily. The drop of his head was so profound that it actually made a noise.
“Yes my Queen?” he answered compliantly. It was the most painful thing I’d ever witnessed.
“Take her back to where she came from. Say your goodbyes to her and then return to this house,” she commanded. 
 “Your will be done,” he agreed.
My heart beat rapidly, forcing me to hold tight over the edge of the dinner table. I mechanically took small sips from my water glass until my belly became so full I couldn’t take one more drink. I could no longer ignore the intense pulling knots in the pit of my stomach, could not rationalize it all away as some un-real fantasy. This was all happening, this was all very real and that poor woman, had she not just been given an immense pardon, would certainly have ended up as their dessert. I wanted to vomit. I wanted to run away from them screaming. I felt I was literally coming out of my skin. As I looked at all of them, I began to feel that whatever they might want from me, I couldn’t give. I had to get away from them. I thought about the possibility of making an exit. But could I execute that plan successfully without them knowing? If they could read my thoughts, would I make it out alive? And then I wondered…would Will come with me? Immediately I felt his heat and my head snapped up. He shook his head ever so slightly, to encourage me to stay put.
“My friends let us convene in the white parlor. Considering the circumstances we have much to discuss before going forward with our previous plans,” Anchille announced to everyone. 
“Rinalde, Antoine, please take everyone’s glasses so that they may find comfort and music while we deal with things here,” Anchille suggested.
“Lina dear, why don’t you go in and join the others, for the time being,” Isis commanded. 
“What about Will?” I asked firmly. It was already clear he wouldn’t be allowed to join us for the duration of the evening and that certainty filled me with dread. Charles tried prompting him to make an exit, before things could escalate further.
“You two are free to go. I’m staying,” Will told his brothers.
“It’s not worth getting killed over,” Thomas remarked sharply as he reached for Will’s arm. Will yanked his arm back.
“I said you can go.”
“Isis?!” I asked her again though she wouldn’t take her eyes off him.
Isis growled. “William, do yourself and Lina a favor and do not make me ask twice.”
Will eyed her shrewdly and then he did make a move. He straightened his suit jacket tautly, brushed off his pants and turned on his heel. The three brothers vanished into the hall. The evening was forming itself into a bitter nightmare. My face grew moist and I could feel droplets of sweat pool at the nape of my neck from my anxiety. There was no way out, they could read my thoughts and would know my choice seconds before I even made it. I tried clearing my mind, praying that if I only could get to my room, get clear of their penetrating abilities, I’d be able to get out. I’d be able to find Will and convince him to come with me. But where would we go? 
 “Isis?” Anchille said reproachfully.
 “It is finished Anchille.” Her words struck me hard. I knew what that meant. She was going to take care of Will.
 “No! No you can’t, please Isis, please! You said you wouldn’t!” I cried. 
 “Lina?” Anchille addressed me from the end of the table. Etienne and Lyon had already stood and were waiting for them at the doorway. I only sobbed as he ushered me away. I struggled against him but he only kept pushing me farther.
 “The hour is late,” he projected more paternally. Etienne offered assistance and the moment her cold arms enveloped me I stopped fighting. It was as if I’d been placed in a trance. I stared up at her youthful face and barely made out the words she spoke.
 “Perhaps you should go back to your rooms and rest.” The solicitation in her voice sickened me, but there was nothing to be done about it. I was powerless against them. My dress swished over the remaining shards of debris as we made our way to the door. Before we passed Anchille he planted a cool kiss to my head.
 “It is for the best child,” he said so emotionally. I wasn’t able to speak aloud so I used the only other tool I could think of. 
I trusted you, I sent to him. Even my mind’s voice sounded like garbled mush.
What had Etienne done to me?
 We walked down the corridor to the wing that led to my quarters. I couldn’t feel my feet on the floor, didn’t know if I was making the necessary steps on my own or if I was being carried. When we arrived Etienne helped me to disrobe. I obeyed as if I hadn’t any other choice, but on the inside I was screaming. She placed me in a nightgown and laid me in my bed, propping my arms over my midsection, like a corpse. It was how I felt on the inside. I couldn’t speak, couldn’t twitch, and couldn’t even bat a lash. She stared at me in wonder, but Lyon soon came for her.
I was left alone in the dark.
 
***
 
“Why are you doing this, you know it’s nothing!” Will shouted at Isis. Something banged against the counter top.
 “It is the law William. You have made your tomb!”
 “You’re like my mother Isis. How can this be?”
“You can’t stop this, you know it’s going to happen, and when it does, your union with Lina will be over. We all must abide by those same laws, your kind are just as much a part of that. Our two Gods saw to it long ago or had you forgotten? Can you handle their retribution, their punishment?” she asked him and this time her voice trembled. “If you disobey we will be compelled to uphold that which is inevitable.” 
 “You won’t have much a choice will you,” he said in a flat tone. “She’ll no longer want me?” Will grew still. There was no further belligerence on his part. Many eyes watched in the wings, some in shadow, some not, but all were engrossed—at the ready if their Queen so wished it.
“William, you are free, as you’ve always been. Go back to your father. It will please him to know you’ve retained your honor. You know it is for the best that you leave her be.” Isis voice was deep, her words irrefutable.
“This is how I am designed Isis, it chooses me, not the other way around. I have found my mate.” 
“She isn’t the one Will!”
“Don’t tell me what I feel Isis.”
“You are not above banishment my son,” she reminded him. Thomas and Charles held their position, aimed to protect their brother. They didn’t want to see him go, but each would be hanged before they saw him die. Though the wolves were outnumbered it would not deter them from a bloody fight.
“You wouldn’t,” Will prompted.
“I can and I shall, if you drive me to it!” Isis cursed at him. Somehow her voice still sounded disheartened by the idea. “Lina mustn’t be clouded in her judgment. She must be allowed to move into this new life, autonomously. Why else is the process of revealing so sacred, so careful? Because, if she is torn, or hurt in any way, she will run. The prophecy must be fulfilled.”
It was silent for a long time as many took stock of the event. Will’s departure would mark the very first of the Gods breaking alliance, and he knew it. He would not surrender, not to the Queen, and certainly not to the coven. He knew that one day soon he would have to stand before council, his soul bared, but this was not that day. Will looked each and every person in the eye, never faltering as he brought his hand over his chest. They knew he meant to stay, no matter what the outcome. The inner sound of his brothers’ anguish twisted violently in the air and without another word the two men swept their sibling in their arms and fled from the scene. 

I was being pulled by the voice in my dream. It had been so powerful, so omnipresent in its direction. Come, it had said. Leave everything behind and come, it instructed me. Was I still dreaming? Had I actually listened to the order and been able to slip from the mansion? I tried to look backwards, to see if my body still lay over the bed, but each time I did, I only heard voices, so many voices calling ahead, further into the darkness. I stared at the dim light coming up from below, feeling a strange tugging but not being able to go to it. My body and my feet were destined to go the opposite way. Behind me was only going to be a life full of pain and disappointment. The caller continued urging me, luring me forward and so I turned away from the sad place and walked on. I stumbled over patches of gravel and blooming wild flowers as I made my way higher and higher into the bleakness of night. Mechanically I pulled along, sensing I’d been traveling hours but not feeling exhausted—I was no longer in charge of myself, someone else was. The trees thinned as I reached a small plateau in the hill and when I turned around the mansion shown in the darkness—a golden wash of light below. I gulped once at it, just as those voices whispered again.
Don’t turn back, come.
Grandma? I sent out into the chilly wind, but there was no response. I didn’t know why I called her, I certainly didn’t feel her as I’d had in the past. But that voice was so familiar, so like her in its gentleness. I couldn’t go on. I was too tired. I found a group of long rocks and for just a moment I thought I would set myself upon them and catch my breath. The force had other plans and I kept moving. I closed my eyes and let myself be dragged along. Moments later I was dropped to the cold ground—hard awakened, I scrambled after my dream state, scraping my knees as I made it to a nearby tree. Panic rocked through me as I took in the eerie sounds of night, realizing I’d sleep walked and for the first time in my life. I’d only a nightgown on, no shoes and no jacket, and I was freezing. I could hear everything; birds rustling high in their nests, rabbits burrowing down in their holes, and above me an owl spun his head before nestling into himself. At the sound of crunching earth, I was on my feet.
 “Who’s there?” I called. No answer. “Who’s out there?!” I yelled more firmly, though the strength of my voice left something to be desired. And then, I could hear movement in the trees. I remained blind to whomever or to whatever approached.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

19. Attacked
 
Every inch of me was ready to bolt. 
 “Who’s there!?” I yelled defiantly. No answer again. And then I felt the presence of my grandmother—I knew it wasn’t she who’d called me before. That realization filled me with dread. 
 Run! she shouted at me.
 I whimpered softly, preparing to heed her words. The hair of my arms prickled as my eyes scoured the hills for her, but there was nothing. The trees and the stars seemed to nearly touch in the sky and all around me was utter blackness. I began to back away and my feet felt for an open path. Then I heard her final words ring into the night air.
 Run bébé, now! This time her spirit forced a sharp sound, and a looming pine cracked nearby, leaving a huge branch directly over the trail. I screamed and leapt backwards.
 And then my feet were running. I’d gone a quarter mile further into the mountain and my lungs were burning, my mouth was dry. I turned back once to see something step over the clearing and into my eye line and I ran again. Before I could reach the end of the trail that led out into the wild, an enormous shape flew down, shoving me into the ground. The air choked in me as I tried to get free. I screamed internally at my feet to kick but they simply couldn’t. I opened my eyes as another large animal took a step forward. Hot saliva dripped from the monsters mouth, as his long saber-like fangs gnashed at my exposed face. There were three in all, one to the left and one smaller to the right. As the beast’s hackles rose and he lifted his shoulders preparing to strike me true, the one to the left spoke.
Uhtem, enough.
I glanced up at the enormous black wolf hovering over me. He was closing my lungs and he knew it. Soon there would be nothing left but a flat nightgown over skin and bones. I could already taste metal in my mouth. I was being crushed to death.
I said, ENOUGH! The largest one ordered.
The animal moved away from me and took post near the other smaller wolf to the right. Their look remained solid red, hostile. I tried again to scream for help but no sound would come. I had to pull myself from the fear, urge my body to get up and when I was finally able, I did manage to double back. Holding my chest with my aching palm and feeling as though it’d been run through a meat grinder I tried to escape. The leader leapt clear over my head, forcing me back to the ground where I remained, cowering in fear. The three wolves stalked left then right, each time I made a sudden turn of my head. The leaders’ eyes were hollow and thirsty and they never left mine, not for a second. It was then I realized I knew him. I knew him from outside my bedroom window that first morning. I knew him from my nightmare. My heart raced as I made the next connection and his sadistic expression quickly confirmed my summation. I turned to face him head on though I was afraid. I un-raveled to my feet despite being fairly certain I was bleeding from the inside. I made myself look into his ghoulish eyes and then I growled at him as loud as I could, knowing that despite his current form, he had been in the airport with me. He’d stalked me then, with this purpose, intending to kill me. Blood pooled in my mouth and then all around me was malevolent laughter. Their mouths were open and their long fangs were stained with gore—the pale brown flesh belonging to me. My lips parted, ready to negotiate in any way that I could. Before I could speak the leader stepped to me hard.
 I admire your bravery child, but save your breath. Where you are going, you’ll need your final words.
 He moved a few inches closer and I could feel and smell his repugnant breath on my face. Just like in my dream it smelled of death. I rocked un-steadily back on one foot, his gaze followed and again he laughed maniacally.
 You honestly think you will get away? He boomed.
 What do you want? I shouted from the inside, knowing there was too much blood in my throat to speak; I was nearly un-conscious as it was. His wolf ears pricked and he scowled at me.
 I want for you to die. He answered truthfully. They shook out their soiled fur and as they did more of me flew from their muzzles. 
My stomach convulsed. 
 I can’t believe this is her. One remarked, disinterested.
 Not much to her is there…good thing we ate. The other one slithered as he scoffed the ground, kicking dirt into my face. 
 She’s going back with us as ordered. Neither of you shall touch her, is that clear!? The large one bade. The other two cowered, dropping their large heads.
Where are you taking me? I asked complacently. I was prepared to stall as long as possible in hopes someone would reach me in time. But I had to prepare myself for the worst; these might be the last breaths I take. The three of them laughed wildly, their shoulders rose as they tipped their snouts to the moon. And then, as if they were calling to others beyond, they howled offensively.
 Lina!
 Before I could say my grandmother’s name she appeared to me. I could see her in the higher clearing; her arms were outstretched to me though I was several yards away. The black wolves covered me from all sides and when I saw her face beyond their barricade, I knew that her mind call was to the vampires. She was signaling them to find me, to save me. And then I was pinned to the ground again, the wolves compressed themselves against my body and I couldn’t get any air.
 NO ONE CAN HELP YOU NOW, the leader roared. 
Please I c-I can’t…brea-! my mental voice was muffled by their course fur, their giant paws forced my legs and arms into the ground. I felt more of my bones breaking beneath their weight. Each snap was louder than the next. As I lost consciousness and my body was driven deeper and deeper into the earth, flashes of my mother and father entered my mind. All the while Linora’s voice echoed, urging me, commanding me to stay alive.
 Fight! Fight do you hear me chile, fight!
 With each stifled breath my heart beat accelerated and then it eventually slowed. In my head I could hear only a few beats, each one louder than the last, pumping in my ears. Ahead of me my mother stood smiling, waving her ivory arm in the sun, beckoning me to come to her. On the opposite side was my grandmother flailing her own arms frantically.
 She’s not real Lina! It’s not real, fight bébé please, you must!
 I’m tired grandma, I whispered to her, unsure if I was really answering. Was I even breathing anymore? Already I felt miles away from my body. There beneath a glowing sky stood my father, reaching out to me. He smiled from the distant horizon, calling my name…calling…calling so tenderly…
You listen to me, fight!
 Just like being under water I heard so many voices, mumbling, gurgling, and gasping for air. A high pitched scream soared out and above the rest, loud as freight train. My body twisted and snapped and I was pushing against their huge bodies, realizing the desperate noise was coming from me—I was fighting. I didn’t care about the pain as my broken fingers clawed at them and when I finally opened my eyes I saw that beneath my nails were tufts of black hair and skin.
I’d been fighting the entire time.
 A low sound rose behind me then and as it did the two ton weight that had held me to the ground, lifted. First one, then the others, each dark mass was flung into the trees away from me. Their growls ripped through the wind, equally powerful and determined. Then I felt warm and gentle hands beneath me, lifting me from the earth and cradling me close. I was still in shock and couldn’t open my eyes again, but somehow I knew I was safe. Someone had made it to me in time and I didn’t have to see her again to know my grandmother was still there. I could hear her ghostly sigh of relief.
Oh my child, my sweet child, she whispered tenderly.
“Take her back to the house. Get Ahkmenotep and hurry or she won’t make it, she’s lost too much blood!” one voice shouted.
“What about the others!?” a tiny voice cried. “They won’t be able to stand it Will,” she said.
“Then they can feel free to leave,” said Will cuttingly.
“What about them? You can’t take them on yourself!” Avati cried back. 
 “He won’t have to,” another voice called from behind. “I’m here brother.” Thomas crossed the opening but before going to Will, he placed one blazing hand over my forehead. Through the murky haze of my bloodied eyes I saw his illuminated face and in the darkness I moaned at his touch. 
“You’re safe now,” was all he uttered.
Avati put me squarely in her tiny arms so effortlessly and flew back toward the mansion without looking back. When we reached the main gate, the others were already there to scoop me into their arms and carry me inside. Ahkmenotep stood at the top of the staircase, panic wrinkled his smooth face.
“Into the library, quickly,” he instructed.
Inside I was placed on an old metal hospital bed and Avati pulled off my torn and bloody gown. A terrible string of cries filled the room.
“I know. I know everyone. Please, hurry!” Ahkmenotep instructed briskly. Avati covered my swollen and broken body with a crisp white bed sheet. I whimpered at her touch and at the fire burning over every exposed piece of my skin. She tried not to move the shattered parts of my chest, arms and right leg as she situated me for him.
Cold, I told her.
 “We’re going to take care of that right now little one. Just hold onto my hand,” Lyon gripped my tiny fingers in his and I winced as the needle went into my arm. “How did they get onto the property?!”
“I think they were at the airport,” Avati paused, looking to Anchille. “She noticed them, she did and I didn’t do anything. I was so intent on just getting her to you. I didn’t want to draw more attention to her.””
“You couldn’t have known this would happen, come on, we have to hurry.”
 “Avati, I have some more bags of AB- in the cooler downstairs can you-?” he asked. She’d already vanished. Ahkmen tapped the IV and pulled the machine close to the head of the bed. He came to the opposite side to speak to me before he put the medicine into the line.“Ahmolina? Can you hear me?” he asked.
“Hmm?”
“I’m going to take away the pain.”
I moaned and closed my eyes.
“Her ribs will heal, I’ve already wrapped them, but…” Ahkmenotep stopped short. 
 “What is it? What’s wrong, can’t you fix it?” Anchille asked. He placed one hand over my cheek momentarily while another pair of hands seemed to hover over me.
 “Her organs have been compromised, crushed,” said Vittorio. I opened my eyes briefly to see him scanning intently with his preternatural eyes, raking them over my midsection. It frightened me so I looked away.
 “There has to be something more we can do!”
“Her path is set. If we alter her, in any way, in any capacity…it could change all our futures,” Ahkmenotep told them. “But…?”
“What?”
“She’s lost so much blood, so much Anchille, even with the transfusions…I don’t, I don’t know what to do for her. Anchille…did you hear me?” Ahkmenotep pressed his hand to Anchille’s shoulder. A terrified hush enveloped the room. Though her body was clearly not there, Isis spoke to both men. I could hear her even through my drug induced haze.
 Do what you can, then leave her to me, she told them.
 What about the change, will it affect her later?
 No. After tonight she will be just as she always was.
 Do you need me, love? Anchille sent to her. He was so tormented by not wanting to leave me or her alone.
 We’re handling things here. When we are through with them not one of their kind will dare attempt this in so few numbers again. I am fine, tend to the child Anchille, she’s the most important thing.
 “Ohh,” I half whined, and leaned over the edge of the bed. Bright red fluid spilled onto the floor below. It could have been what they’d just given me for all I knew—it was so much.
 Keep her alive! Isis demanded and then her voice was gone.
“I’ve given the coagulant, Anchille. The bleeding has stopped for now and Morphine, is all I can do, it’s all I can do,” Ahkmenotep informed him, though all were listening. We need Isis, he sent to him. Lina must keep the medicine in.
The others drifted into the room and took posts around the walls, watching in horror. The room tasted of human blood and yet they stayed. The liquid snaked through the tube again and I felt as though my body was feather light, unbroken. I wanted to speak now that I was more coherent but the tube in my throat wouldn’t allow it. When Avati realized what I was trying to do she looked to Ahkmen. He pressed his fingertips to my wrists momentarily then he nodded to her. She removed it then and I was so relieved but just like before, I couldn’t produce words.
Sorry, I told them mentally instead. I felt their cool hands over my body. 
Shh, rest love. You are safe now. 
I smiled a half smile and then closed my eyes. The monitor beeped slowly, so slowly and after a few moments I felt my body grow still. I could sense them, over me, watching my chest expand once and then depress again, deeper each time. And then the room became so warm. I was growing warmer by the second and I felt as I did in the woods, staring at my mother and father. Familiar faces greeted me in my dream, held their hands out to me, and beckoned me to come to them. I wanted to, I was ready. Around me voices were vigilant; fear clung in the astringent air. 
I’m ready, I told the guests. I heard shouting around me, so loud, but I was no longer laying, but floating, higher and higher above them. And then the only sound that punctured the feeling of peace was one loud cry.
“NO…!”

“Is she?” William asked with dread.
“She’s in a coma Will,” Ahkmenotep told him. 
“Her body was severely broken. We may have been too late.” Will clamped his fist to his mouth and Ahkmen gripped his shoulder. “Her spirit is resisting William. She is fighting.”
“She can’t die!” he shouted. Thomas and Charles took their brother’s hands; their own faces were drained and hopeless.
“Our Queen has done all she can for the child; we must all be patient,” Ahkmenotep advised everyone.
 “Can I touch her?” Will asked carefully. Again there was silence in the room.
“She will not respond, but if you wish it,” Ahkmen agreed.
“She’s so cold, so still,” Will breathed shallowly. Isha left the library, wiping her eyes with her arms. “I won’t leave you, I promise you that. I won’t ever leave you,” Will declared as he brought the tiny fingers to his lips.
“If she is to be taken from us William, there is nothing to be done,” Ahkmenotep spoke plainly. His lack of emotion made the three brothers tense. Their ocher eyes burned with such bitterness and resentment. Isis met their gaze with sympathy, knowing that she too could not accept this possible fate.
“This is not the Prophecy!” Thomas growled back at the aged vampire. He felt the same pain that his brother felt. If Lina died, a part of each of them would die also.
“I only meant to prepare you, to prepare all of us. It is for Lina to decide. Only she can choose to come back,” Ahkmenotep added a moment later.
 
I’d been drifting in and out of strange sleep but I could sense that they were there; all of them were waiting and watching, hopeful for a sign. A voice had been there earlier too; it was soothing and tranquil. The hands that went with the heavenly sound had so lovingly cupped my own cold ones. But now they were gone, he was gone, but he’d said that he wouldn’t leave. Why had he left me, broken his promise? Why had he come to save me, if only to desert me now when I needed him the most? I didn’t like it down there. I didn’t want to travel back to whatever that terrible darkness was. It felt so sad there, so lonely and unforgiving. I didn’t want to go back to that blind place. There had been so many faces, so many souls wondering in that nothingness. I wasn’t one of them but I was stuck; I needed to find my way back. I was so afraid. I could feel I only had a bit more to go but something in the blackness was pulling me down, yanking me back. I cowered in a corner alone, waiting for those warm hands to pull me out again. I needed them, needed them to help me breathe. I wanted to breathe. I had to force myself, force my body to do it. Open my mouth, suck in air. 
“CLEAR!” a voice screamed into my dream world.
Why were they shouting?
“Again! Again Anchille!”
“CLEAR!”
“MaJkata, do it again! Come on Lina, breathe! BREATHE!”
“One more time! Do it, do it now!”
“CLEAR!”
Only a single beep held the room in suspension. Then there was another, and another…
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20. Resurrected
 
Hmm? The monitor beeped again. It was slow, but it was definitely working. What a funny sound, so distorted, so muddled. Everything sounded funny. 
“Did she just laugh?” 
“Yes,” Anchille answered in exhale. “Yes, I believe she did.”
“Oh Dieu merci,” Etienne exhaled.
 “What about the fever?”
“It spiked around twelve but has steadily waned ever since,” Anchille informed Will. He was back! I could hear him. I was desperate to see him too, but my body still wouldn’t allow it.
“What can I do?” he asked. His voice sounded divine.
“Well, she is freezing now. Perhaps you could lay with her,” Ahkmen offered openly.
“Ahkmen, I don’t think this is the time to—” Aeolian protested vehemently. She stepped in front of Will.
“He’s warm Aeolian. Do you want Lina to get well? Magic only goes so far and then there is pure love, connection.”
“Do not make me to be the bad guy Ahkmenotep! I am not opposed to love.” 
“Just our love right?” Will asked her painfully.
“That’s right!” she snapped.
“You’re too cold for her, we all are Aeolian. Please, let him try,” encouraged Ahkmenotep. She still wouldn’t move and finally Will waved his hand at her.
“Step aside,” he said almost ruefully.
 “It won’t change anything for the two of you.”
“Yep,” Will agreed acerbically.
“As long as you know,” she reminded. Then Aeolian stood down. I tried to make my eyes open as I waited for Will to touch me. I knew I was back but not quite able to wake.
“Don’t be afraid Lina; everything’s going to be okay.” Will’s sweet breath brushed my lips and face. One large spasm came and passed as his hot body pressed gently against mine. I inhaled him deeply and then everything went black for the second time. Only now I was alive and I was safe.
 
***
 Though my vision was blurred I could make out the dim shape of a fire crackling in the corner. The heart monitor chugged along. My eyes fluttered open more and I looked up to see the IV dripping slowly. I could actually hear it. Weird. My skin prickled and I shuddered as my sore eyes continued to search the darkness. 
“Hello?” I croaked and for the first time in God knew how long.
“We’re here love,” Isis moved out from the corner. Her form was obscured but I knew it was her.
“Isis,” I said through tears.
“We thought you’d left us for good darling. We were so worried for you,” she murmured lovingly. Her icy lips were over my eyes then; her long hair grazed my chest, a chest that was no longer ravaged and exposed.
“What happened?” I asked, trying to clear my throat. It was raw and barely operable.
In one succinct thought she delivered the entire scenario, from the moment Etienne escorted me from the dinner party and after as I lay sleeping in my bed. What happened next was a bit distorted. It was strange to watch myself leave my bed, walk to the patio and exit. Though they hadn’t actually seen me drift away, like a spell had been placed over them, or the entire mansion, Isis was able to show me now. She took the memories of my attack straight from the minds of the black wolves. They’d lured me to them. And then back in the library afterwards, everyone’s faces had been so severe with worry. At one point Etienne wished to take me to a nearby hospital in Keswick fifty miles away. Isis of course had refused. There would be no explanation for what had happened to me and no way for any human to have saved me. Leaving the safety of the coven wasn’t an option.
“I’m alive because of you,” I wept. I couldn’t stop. I was so grateful, there were no words.
 “You were very lucky,” she answered quick, almost rote, until I reached a pinkie to hers. The sensation sent her to Anchille who held her tightly. He soothed her as the rest of the coven bowed their heads, in observance of the Queen’s momentary need for privacy. No one was accustomed to Isis’ vulnerability and I felt sorry that it was I who’d brought it out in her.
“They were able to get onto the property undetected,” I heard someone mutter to another. Then more whispers of query followed before Anchille silenced them.
“Isis,” I cried to her. When she’d composed herself once more she came to my side. She smoothed wet hair from my face and I could still see the rim of red tears in her eyes. “I never meant to hurt you, or put anyone in danger.”
“It wasn’t your fault. You were beckoned by those devils Lina, manipulated out of our protective arms.”
“We’re all happy to see you awake,” offered Anchille. “How do you feel darling, any change?”
“I feel much better,” I said, a bit shocked at the truth of those words. It was like I’d never been attacked at all. “So, what did I miss?” The entire coven grew tight in the small space of the library. They knew exactly what I was asking and it seemed no one was inclined to answer.
 “Lina,” Isis shook her head, as if she couldn’t bear drudging up a subject she was certain had been put to bed. Before the machines could beep any faster Anchille spoke.
“For now, the issue of yours and Will’s, relationship…are on hold. William understands that he must be on watch and he knows the reasons why,” he said. I looked across the room to Will. 
“You’re on probation?” I said with barely a smile because it hurt too much. Will only winked me.
“Right now we only wish for your recovery,” Isis said, helping me to sit upright. “We will deal with how the Black Wolves were able to summon you later.” There was more she wished to add to the subject but she resisted. She also had plenty to say about Will and I, but chose to remain quiet about that topic as well. She wouldn’t allow Will and I to be together. I wouldn’t give up. We were at an impasse.
“What day is it?” I asked.
“It’s Wednesday.”
“I’ve been out for four days?” I started hyperventilating at the thought of my poor mother, having not heard from me. She must’ve been going out of her mind.
“Technically you were dead, Lina,” Ahkmen corrected and I gasped. “If not for Isis, you might not have come back to us at all. Do you remember anything from it?”
“Always the scientist Ahkmen; the girl is back, let us celebrate in that!” Vittorio smacked Ahkmenotep’s arm.
“But, not one of us has experienced the world beyond, I am only curious as to what she saw.”
“You will see home one day Ahkmen, but it is far from your time yet. Let’s not rush death, shall we?” Vittorio chuckled.
“Yes, true.” Both men grinned at one another and half embraced.
“My mom,” I said more to myself. “Oh my God she must be going crazy,” I worried, ignoring Ahkmen’s request that I relive in detail my experience with the afterlife. I didn’t want to remember. It was cold. It was dark. It was not a place I ever wished to return to. I hoped it wasn’t what the other world was really like. If it was, we all had a reason to fear dying.
“Lina, don’t worry about your mom. I’ve taken care of it,” Avati announced.
“But I was dead!” I cried. 
“Yes,” she answered sadly.
“Isis gave you some of her blood mixed with that of Sek-met’s, from your locket. It took some doing to extract it but we were finally able to make the tincture just right.”
“Isis and the girls performed the incantation and then we just waited,” Ahkmenotep said calmly.
 “So, I’m still…human?”
“Of course. What else would you be?” asked Isis. I shrugged meekly, my eyes panning the room of the un-dead. She snickered. “Your time will come, but that is between the Gods and you.”
“Thank you, for saving me.” I squeezed Isis smooth cold hand. She kissed the top of my head.
“Lina, I may have performed the ritual, but it was you that struggled and fought your way back,” Isis praised me highly. “In such darkness it is mostly improbable for the human spirit to survive, but somehow you were able to separate yourself from all that. It was more miracle than magic my dear.”
I looked around the room and saw several pairs of silvery eyes watching me with such profound joy and gratitude. Lyon helped Ahkmen and Anchille clean up the last of the left over spilled blood that had made it to the corners of the room. Etienne and Aeolian kept their noses plugged as the sting of bleach hit the air. Thomas and Charles sat on a corner couch with Ash and Khan on their laps, their large hands clasped around the boys tummies in such a devoted and loving way. But Khan soon escaped and before Thomas could catch him, the baby was gone. He came to the side of the hospital bed; his honey coiled hair had fallen over his smooth face. He swiped at it and peered up at me in great urgency. Thomas moved to reach him. Khan feigned a fierce snarl. I shook my head and then Khan edged toward me closer. He wished to be picked up and soon he looked back at Isis for approval. She was hesitant to allow it.
“I don’t mind,” I said, despite my breathlessness and exhaustion.
“Khan, be very careful with her,” she warned.
“I will mummy,” he pledged. Then agilely, Khan mounted the bed and before long he was nuzzling into my side tenderly. I leaned in to kiss his hair and had almost forgotten how lovely he smelled. The chilly curls caressed my lips offering the perfume of fresh orchids.
“Everyone, a moment in private if you will?” Isis motioned for the rest of the coven to go out into the hall. “Could he stay with you?” she asked me. Suddenly Ashmolean jumped from in between Thomas and Charles and snuggled in behind me as well. 
“I guess they’ll both stay.” It hurt so bad to smile, to even move, but I was happy.
The room emptied and for a short while it was just the three of us, lying together, their small arms draped over my body protectively. Will was right. They were strong indeed. I tried hard not to think about what else he’d said. I didn’t want to imagine anything happening to these two precious angels. It didn’t matter to me that they weren’t human, because they were human to me. They were two wide eyed, perfectly lovely creatures that’d never hurt anyone or anything in their short existence, and while some of their kind perhaps had lived a life of violence and decadence, possibly earning their grotesque deaths, Ash and Khan most certainly didn’t.
“You really don’t think were evil?” Ashmolean leaned up and over my shoulder, pressing his chin over my chest, and staring at me through his cold grey eyes. I looked at him surprised.
“Of course not.”
“The staff kids stare at us sometimes,” he informed me, his lip quivering though he tried to mask it with his innate strength.
“They run away from us too,” added Khan.
I pondered that a moment, feeling angry for Ash and Khan but also sorry for those poor human children, who rightfully fear the unknown. “Maybe they run because they’re shy.” Ash cocked a speculating brow. “Or maybe they just think you’re so awesome and they wonder if you would even like them.”
“I like them,” said Khan, twirling his fingers in my hair.
“And you?”
“I guess I like them too. We don’t have any friends,” Ash added earnestly.
“That’s not true. You have me.”
“Yes!” he giggled and they both snuggled in even tighter. My heart was broken for them. Childhood was already such a rocky road, full of physical bumps and emotional bruises along the way, without adding these complications to the mix. 
“Do you think my brother and I are going to die?” Ashmolean asked and as I looked at his face, the smoothness tightened revealing his fear. A ring of crimson lined his lashes and before the tears could fall I caught them with my finger.
“Listen to me, you and Khan aren’t going anywhere do you hear me? You’re going to stay right here with the people who love you the most and nothing is going to happen.” I hugged him as tightly as my torn body would allow just before the others returned. 
 “Come children, Sitre and the girls are waiting for you out at their cottage. They’re excited to play with you both. I should think there will be lots of chocolate and rubbishy television on the menu,” Avati took Khan from my arms and for a moment I felt like pulling him back.
“Mummy, I don’t want to leave,” he whined, but as they passed, Isis kissed him once and he obeyed. Ashmolean followed behind slowly. He looked back once.
 “Feel better,” his lip quaked as his tiny shoulder slumped. The monitor sped exponentially as I reached my fingers to my mouth to blow him a kiss. I winked at him and his chest swelled with pride as he walked to the doorway, giving Will a high five as he left. I melted.
“Isis, you and Omri did amazingly with her, take a look at this.” Ahkmen signaled for her to examine the print outs of my tests and also at the most recent x-rays. “Lina is almost completely healed. She’ll be up and moving in no time,” he announced encouragingly. Isis was very quiet.
“That is wonderful to hear,” she added thankfully. She pulled my hand up to her lips and kissed it twice. Then her face changed from serene to drawn and troubled.
“Then it’s time,” was all she said. 
The others looked on sort of bewildered. There were a few silent rebuttals.
“Isis, she’s only just come back to us and now this fever is weakening her heart. We’ve determined she didn’t have enough of their blood to make a real impact, but shouldn’t we wait,” Ahkmen asked while several others nodded in agreement.
“We haven’t the time,” Isis spoke and her order hushed the room. “If they should come back…if anything else should happen. No! It has to be now. We must prepare.”
“What do you mean about their blood? I didn’t taste their blood…did I? Anchille, did I?” I anxiously searched their eyes for answers. 
The last of whatever medicine they’d switched me to after the Morphine, was definitely wearing off. Before I’d finished the thought, Ahkmenotep was there, taking the first bite of pain away once more. Relief washed over me again as my eyes, legs and arms grew heavier and heavier. As the invisible bricks weighed my body down I felt relaxed again.
“Another shot of Demerol should do the trick.”
“Probably doesn’t matter, but why do you even have all this medical stuff?” Thomas asked, as he gently pulled a few cords to examine them.
“For this,” Ahkmenotep responded.
“Where do you get it all?”
“I have a lab in London. We are immortal yes, but those we come in contact with generally are not. We must always be ready, to heal conventionally, should the need arise. We can’t risk sending a human to a hospital. In their inhibited state they could put us in danger.”
“Makes sense,” said Thomas, releasing the drip line.
 “Ahahhh,” I giggled and felt my tongue roll backwards. 
“Lina dear?” said Ahkmen. “It wasn’t too much,” he professed to the others. “Darling, can you hear me?”
 “I’m fine,” I tried to sit up but the rush to my head sent me falling back. “Whoa.” A string of giggles followed. 
“She must be coherent if we’re going to do this,” Vittorio stated.
“Ahkmenotep, you did that on purpose! You are as bad and as disobedient as Thomas sometimes!” Isis growled.
“Hey, hey, leave me out of this. It’s not my fault the Dr. over here drugged up your patient!” Thomas said defensively. Isis snarled at him too.
 Lyon and Etienne stood hand in hand closest to me. They placed their cool hands to my forehead and it helped to ease the swoon. Their eyes flamed bright sterling, their lips parted slightly to reveal snowy white smiles. Etienne’s lucent skin was gleaming beneath her golden hair.
“Are you an angel?” I asked her, still laughing uncontrollably. My guffaws turned into loud hiccups.
 “Ahkmenotep!” Isis fumed.
 “I didn’t over medicate her! It’s affecting her so peculiarly,” he tried to explain. “Perhaps it is her changing?” he asked Anchille, who too, was grinning with his hand over his mouth.
“Will she understand or not?” asked Aeolian.
“Do something! This is serious,” Isis roared.
“What can we do? She’s had too much,” Vitto offered buoyantly until Aeolian smacked his arm. Beneath his cool demeanor there was still a slight smirk.
“We could drink it out of her?” she suggested with a sadistic grin. 
“Why don’t you leave her be until nightfall? She’s been through enough hasn’t she?” Will interjected to the groans of the other vampires.
“Isis?” Lyon said, ignoring the sounds in the room. For more than a minute there was no tremble as she deliberated. 
“Isis, what is your will?” they asked in unison.
“She must be sober. Drink it back,” she commanded.
“Isis please! She’s never been fed on until now, until those beasts defiled her with their damn disease. It nearly killed her! I beg of you, don’t do this!” Will shouted but his pleas fell on deaf ears.
And then I felt the first nip.
At first it was like the pressure of a bee sting, but as their mouths invaded my exposed skin, pulling out the Demerol with excellent precision, it began to feel nice. When Isis called them off they obeyed instantaneously. It hadn’t been too terrible, but as soon as they’d retreated, the pain of my attack returned with a vengeance. I let out a blood curdling scream that sent Thomas and Charles wailing into the corner of the room like two recoiling dogs.
“I can’t stand it Anchille! Please make it stop, make it stop! Oh my God it hurts, it hurts so bad!” I burst into sobs and clutched the bedclothes between my cold fingers. I was re-living every detail of my attack in color and the color was red, bloody red pain that was shooting through my entire body.
“Lina,” Isis called over my loud cries. I shook my head violently to her; my feral eyes filled with blood. As my body convulsed I felt her hands cover my belly; they began to twist and snake in a wide pattern over me. She muttered some cryptic words and I became numb. The awful pain deadened to a tolerable degree.
“I’ve immobilized you my darling, for your own good. You shall feel no pain, but you cannot speak,” she said. “Blink once if you understand,” she ordered. I did as she said. I blinked. I still felt the pain but it was as she’d said, it was better. I hated not being able to speak though.
“When we’re through, Ahkmen will make you comfortable, I promise. Right now human drugs are more headache than they’re worth.”
I blinked again.
Will grunted harshly from the far wall, his golden eyes so angered. Though he made no attempt to come to me, I knew he wanted to. I wished I could speak to only him; I wished that we could touch once more. For some reason my brain was mush, I couldn’t remember anything except that I was to listen. I blinked once more to let them know I was ready.
“Mon dieu,” Lyon exhaled. “You’ve certainly been through more than any human should ever have to my dear.” He tugged gently on the end of the sheet, in the place where my toe should be. I couldn’t feel it. He started straight in. “The past, our beginning, and…your beginning little one.” 
Again, I blinked. Etienne sat on the edge of the bed; she scooted her body against my legs and smiled at me warmly. “So strong you are, a fighter, just like the Achaiins.”
 “Yes, Achaia, the birthplace of the immortals, the rich soiled land where we first made breath. Isis, who we once called Ahmose I, was the most ethereal queen in the world. We all knew that she was much closer to a god than woman and all who lived under her reign respected her immense power. Her kingdom and all its glorious temples once existed over the stretch of desert that is now, Deir El Bhari. Buried beneath rock, sediment and the great sands of Egypt, it is merely a mystery, an imaginary place that no longer matters to the race of man. We have not forgotten. And you my child bear a proud and noble name,” Lyon smiled down at me. “Ahmose, Uset, Benona and many other names have been used in association with Isis but she has always been only queen to us. She is the living goddess of motherhood, of magic and fertility. She controls the spirits, the elements, the seas and she is the primordial child of time. There are none in our world who do not know her and most fear her agelessness, and her power. There was only one other like her—one whose name is etched into every wall of every tomb and on every sunken piece of meteoric iron in the Aegean Sea and that ancient one is Hekate. She is the warrior queen who conquered her enemies with such valor and mercifulness. Hers is a story of the greatest tragedy.”
I kept my gaze on Lyon as he began to tell the story of my origin.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21. Legacy
 
“Hekate wasn’t human, nor was she beast, at least not at first.”
I thought she was a Greek goddess? I wondered if my studies were inaccurate. They most likely were, along with everything else I’d learned about—American Indians, Africans, Watergate, diet cookies—entire planets could fit inside the raging tall tales of our past. It irked me to no end. Lyon stifled a chuckle, surmising that though I was immobile, I would never really shut up. 
“Hecate or Hekat, like Isis, like many of her fellow goddesses and gods, reigned in the cosmos long before her earth soul became bound to Egypt.”
Earth soul? I was confused. I tried not to be, but it was difficult. The lives of the Gods were so permeable—they interchanged so frequently through the millennia, morphing into different personas, different beings all together. It was hard to keep up.
“Sek-met, an original god and presence to the first seeds of our world, fashioned Hekate from her own hands. She gave her to the womb of a mortal woman who was half god, her father too, and when she was ready, set her out to prevail over the sands of Egypt. Many ships had launched from lands across the sea, in hopes of acquiring Egyptian kingdoms for their own gain. Hekate was to lead her men into battle and secure the future of the empires. And she did just that, many times over,” Lyon attested. 
So the Hekate that was worshiped in Greece, Rome, Macedonia…
“The same, but remember, the time period we speak of is thousands of years before Hesiod would even put pen to paper for Theogony. And Hekate is still worshipped across the land, to this very day.”
It was nice to think of my foremother that way, adored by nations, revered and prayed to, like Isis. But she had enemies and apparently so did I.
“Pre-dynastic Turks, Serbians, and raiders from the north beyond Macedonia, made several attempts on her life, but to no avail. Hekate was invincible. She was a force. William,” he broke momentarily, “please bring me the book that I might show her,” Lyon asked. I could feel the vibrations of Will’s feet upon the floor. My heart raced in response.
“Are you comfortable?” asked Etienne. I blinked a yes.
“This is your mother Lina, your true birth mother,” Lyon exposed a face to me. It was only a drawing of course but she was lovely. I blinked twice, too excited to even form mental words. “And this is your father, Agmenon, who was also fashioned of the gods and protected the land at the mouth of the sea in Lower Egypt.”
I stared at their faces. Had I been able to move, I would have touched them. They both appeared so strong, so magnificently larger than life. In their eyes was the resemblance of a soul and I wondered, could it be true? Were they my real parents and if so, what did that say about my past, about my own mother, Constance, who knew nothing of these things?
“I know you want to speak my dear,” Isis interjected when she saw my head twitch slightly. She held it in her hands. I was so overcome with excitement at the prospect of movement I barely felt her as I tried it again.
“You must not rush it child, for you own safety,” Ahkmenotep admonished lightly. But my eyes narrowed as I forced my pinkie finger to slide to the right.
“So stubborn,” Will remarked in a huff. 
“Huh, reminds me of someone,” Charles added.
“Me?”
“No! Mother,” Charles answered with a tight upward nod. Anchille laughed as he placed his hand over Will’s shoulder.
“Yes, Lina is very much like Lycion’s queen. Helsha fought many battles of her own, in Emathia and here as well,” said Anchille. “She is a great woman, with incredible gifts which far exceed this world,” he told the brothers.
“Thirsty,” I managed. It was Will who responded.
“Of course,” he said gently. I struggled with my tingling mouth, trying to wake my voice. Will turned just as Avati presented him with a glass. “Thank you,” he told her carefully, knowing he was on thin ice, but if anyone was going to aid in my recovery, it would be him. I couldn’t smile, but I was on the inside. 
Anchille whispered to him, “Your mother would be pleased to see the man you’ve become Will. The kind of conviction you possess comes directly from her.” Will smiled small as he bent the clear straw toward my lips. Although it came out coarsely, I was finally able to communicate, much to Isis’ chagrin. She grunted impatiently, at me for moving and at her husband for encouraging Will with kind words. 
“Let’s get back to it, shall we,” she proposed. 
“Thank you,” I told Will, ignoring her. I miss you, followed. His eyes bulged but that didn’t stop him from responding. With his free hand he caressed my brow.
Me too, he sent. The monitor beeped again and this time no one could stop their laughter, except Isis and Aeolian.
Avati shook her head. “I don’t think we can keep you down, at least not with Will in the room.” 
“Oh please!” Aeolian grunted.
“Careful Will, you’ll give the poor girl a heart attack,” sniggered Thomas.
“William,” Isis cautioned, hinting without words that she could remove him if need be. Neither of us made another peep.
I tried to smile and drink at the same time—unfortunately I ended up losing half the liquid over my chin and onto the nightgown they’d dressed me in. I hadn’t any time to be embarrassed before Will wiped my face lovingly. He bent forward to kiss my head but I made a sudden move to meet his lips. He retracted clumsily, trying not to look over his shoulder where others looked on. Lyon cleared his throat and Will stepped away. I felt myself frowning inside. 
“Shall I go on?” he asked. I coughed, taking one more drink of water before Avati placed it on an iron nightstand beside me. I was regaining more and more self-control and while Isis appeared ready to drain me of it for my own good, I wouldn’t let her.
Ready, I sent more easily.
“Hekate and Agmenon soon became great friends, having been forged from the fires of Sek-met and Wepwawet—they were one in the same. Many times they met on the battle field to take down those that sought to kill them. Their alliance brought them closer, as did their allegiance to the OverGods they’d been sired by.”
 “I understand,” I said even clearer than before. Shock ripped through the room but I didn’t let that deter me from aiming to speak again and again. “Go on.”
“The prophets wrote that Agmenon approached the gods after a long and difficult battle, one that he’d almost lost Hekate in. It is said that the king asked Wepwawet for permission to take Hekate for his bride,” Lyon explained. “But the god refused him. A union between the two would be sedition; it would also mean their imminent deaths. Both gods knew that the couple was stronger apart and that if they’d tried to unite, their enemies would only take them down that much quicker, particularly if their union resulted in a child. It was never about continuing a human bloodline; it was about containing dominion over the landscape of Egypt. They could easily fashion man from a simple twist of their fingers; these two beings were far more complex; however, and the gods knew it. They were in awe of them, and of their free will. They didn’t have need for an oracle; all they need do was but look on the faces of their fashioned warriors to see the connection. If the two beings ever realized how truly powerful they were, how utterly miraculous, they might become the new supreme, and what would that mean for the world? You bare the mark of them child,” he exposed. I looked up at Lyon, in surprise.
Isis twisted my ankle around toward the inner side, and there just beneath the bone was the faint shape of a rounded bow and directly behind it was a pale disk. I’d never noticed its definition before, not this pronounced anyway. For years it had simply been an ambiguous birth mark to me—nothing special, nothing unique, but now…Isis proclaimed that they represented the two gods, one Blood, one Wolf—their duality that was within me.
I never really noticed it before, but Gran… I looked harder at the mark. I cleared my throat several times to speak. “She used to rub…it…when I laid on her.”
“Lina, please, speak with your mind if you must,” Isis begged. “You need rest child.”
I didn’t listen. “She always had a strange…” I took a breath, “…smile on her face when she did,” I sighed, feeling frustrated at my lack of strength, but knowing it was my entire fault.
“It must have been a huge burden, for her to keep such a secret,” Lyon raked his finger over my ankle slowly. “Hekate and Agmenon were the first immortals Lina, the very first. They were punished after Agmenon dared to negate their law. The moment the king stepped toward his lover and took her hand, they were cursed. One would walk the earth as wolf and the other would live in the cold, alone. She’d have no beating heart, and no pulse.”
“And no way of making a child,” I exhaled hard, dropping my head to the pillow behind me. Will held my neck to reposition it.
“But there was a flaw in the plan, for what the Gods hadn’t known was that Hekate and Agmenon had already consummated their forbidden marriage moons before that council. Hekate carried you in secret inside her womb and just in case Sek-met and Wepwawet upheld their punishment, she’d also placed a powerful spell over your soul, to protect it for eternity.” 
“Did they kill them?” I ventured but then used telepathy instead. It was a time saver and convenient when one needed to be still. Did the gods kill…, I choked regardless and Will gave me more water. I swallowed hard and took a moment to compose myself. Did they kill my parents?
“No,” Lyon said.
“They’re not here,” I prodded after the fluid hit my gut. It felt good, but not completely satisfying anymore. I was beginning to feel hunger, but for what I couldn’t say. My insides were raw.
“They are not, that is true,” answered Lyon. “Hekate and Agmenon are bound by magic, wrapped, sealed and guarded by statues of Wepwawet, whom you call Anubis now. They were not killed and so their bodies; however drained, are in a state of sleep. Hekate delivered you into the mouth of Agmenon moments before soldiers were called to hall him away. But in a last minute of mercy, Sek-met ordered all of you to be buried together. Of course, the magic surrounding your spirit carried you throughout the ages and so you have come to us in this time, as you were destined to.”
“But my body, the body of a baby, still lays with Hekate and Agmenon?”
“Technically? Yes.”
Weird, I mentally expounded. Everyone laughed. What would happen if someone destroyed our bodies? Would I not exist anymore?
They stopped laughing at that.
“That isn’t going to happen Lina, and it wouldn’t matter. It is your soul that has survived.”
“That’s good,” I said.
“Perhaps it is, weird, as you say,” Lyon smiled. “By breathing life into you, Hekate and Agmenon saved us all from eternal damnation. Because of their sacrifice we are able to live and because of the great sacrifice you will one day make, the immortals will have a new god to serve as well as the freedom and prosperity our kind deserves. It is written that every thousand years after that fateful day, where Hekate and Agmenon were forced apart, the great Nile River flooded the homes of the Egyptians. It was said to be the tears of Sek-met.”
“But she was the one who condemned them?” I argued brusquely.
 “Sek-met is both malicious and kind, loved as she is feared. She is the world’s strongest hand, the lap which tired men rest their heads after battle. Though she feared the hybrid child of the king and queen, she also grew to love it. Sek-met spared our mother and father because she believed the prophets. And so she too awaits our salvation,” Lyon flipped a few pages in the book. “Hekate and Agmenon’s forbidden relationship served as the catalyst, which has kept both species apart all these years, but it has also joined us, not as some prefer, but we are joined all the same.” Lyon, Etienne, Vitto, and Aeolian all stood on the left side of the hospital bed, staring across to the wolf brothers. Thomas, Charles and Will sat on the far velvet couch near the fireplace. Everyone else stood at the foot of the bed.
“We are no longer merely the fall out of this terrible circumstance,” Lyon added hopefully. “We are the future. You, my dear, are the future.” However separate they all cared to remain, they did accept and plan to nurture their bonds because of the prophecy. They would strengthen their ties, so long as that didn’t include my having any sort of relationship with Will.
“Why not just forget the rules,” I grumbled, more than suggested. I could see in many of their reactions a level of discontent for my young, idealistic notions. I didn’t care what they thought—I was right.
“Right or not child, what you propose is anything if not complicated,” said Lyon. 
“It’s only complicated, if you make it that way.”
“This house has come together for many reasons, Lina. My contention is that we all look to celebrate our smaller victories.” Lyon extended his hand to Isis and Anchille. Etienne followed his lead and beckoned for the wolf brothers to join them. They did without hesitation, though when their fingers met there was certain disquiet in the room. “It is rare for us to live under the same roof, but we do it with civility and also honor.”
“What about love?” I asked with a glare. Their faces twisted over the word.
“Our laws are as such Lina. We are bound for many reasons which I am sure have become more obvious to you now. Our place is here with you, to protect and guide you through your journey. It is not to blur the lines or to indulge in fantasy.”
“Fantasy?” I snorted, gazing at everyone in the room—a room full of the fantastic and surreal. “You already exist. You’re already powerful. Why not make the rules be what you want?” Anger and frustration certainly aided in my ability to sit up. I guessed I was really changing. Soft guffaws rang in my right ear, and Will pressed his thumb to my elbow. It tickled and I momentarily forgot my meek tirade. 
“Your age and your innocence beguile us all,” admitted Lyon humbly, making full pardon to our stalemate. I shrugged though the action wasn’t nearly as pronounced as intended.
I conceded as well. There was no point in arguing even if I was doing so selfishly for my own gains. “On to my journey?” I opined for a new focus.
 
 
 
22. History Lesson
 
“Of course,” he said. “One day you will lead us all, and it is for that reason we all have come together once more,” Lyon smiled encouragingly. “The day of your ascension into immortality approaches and we will be here, every step of the way.” I couldn’t help but shiver at that.
“There’s no need to worry Lina. The prophets have assured us that your transition should go smoothly,” offered Anchille.
“Should go smoothly…you don’t sound very confident.”
“He is, we all are,” Etienne stepped in her husband’s place. I couldn’t take my eyes from Lyon who retreated a few steps, his golden features grimacing. What was he feeling, and thinking, I wished I knew?
“So you’ll stay because of me, because of this prophecy and because one day, hopefully you’ll reach this…Golden Age?”
“That’s correct.”
“So I save you all, spare you further duress here on Earth, and then you all leave, having found greener pastures elsewhere…” I wanted to add that I would make the greatest sacrifice of all, but, I didn’t. Turned out I didn’t have to, they were all in my head anyway.
“It won’t be as you picture it Lina, really it won’t.”
“No? And what about Ash and Khan? What about them? How do you really feel about them?” I aimed the question for the other coven members. There was a short lull with many sighs and an overall reluctance to answer. Maybe they were of the mindset that Ash and Khan’s existence was somehow wrong as well as my friendship with Will? 
“It isn’t that we feel their existence is wrong or even that it is an abomination, as so many others have expressed.” Isis waivered at Lyon’s words. Her visage hailed of contempt, not for him or anyone else in her coven, but for those nameless faces, the traitors in their midst who sought to tear her family apart, starting with her precious children. Lyon nodded to her that he understood. “I believe many of us have grown fond of the little ones and perhaps even envy Isis and Anchille’s happiness,” Lyon came back again, taking hold of Etienne’s wrist and giving it a loving tug. “We have fear that old enemies of ours may use them against us, that’s all.”
“Oh.” 
“When we first found out about Ash and Khan, many of us were in a state of shock, that’s true. Isis, who was once beloved, revered and protected, had become the hunted and that was our first taste of the immortal children. It was not hate we felt, but fear.”
“I understand.”
“Our Queen has brought into our dark world, something new and —we worry for her, and for Anchille’s safety. We worry for the children’s safety. To the rest of the Dam Ilah, Ash and Khan should not exist. The Blood Gods fear for their own necks so much and it is their ignorance that is the cause of that agitation.”
“What are they so afraid of?” I growled.
“If you’d lived through even one punishment of the Over Gods Lina, you would quite understand their panic.”
“They’re just little boys, that’s all,” I shrugged, shaking my head. 
“Agreed, but these are ancient creatures Lina, and the delicate balance of our world hangs but by a thread. It is one more thing we could be punished for. Many feel we have suffered enough at their hands. So for Isis and Anchille to expose us in such a way, to make our vulnerabilities so open, it is simply an un-necessary risk in their eyes,” he clarified.
“So why don’t they come for them? Where are they,” I asked bitterly.
“Many live among you without your knowledge. And they may come for them, but there is more for them to dread than the immortal children.” 
“What?” I asked keenly.
He smiled big and looked at the others before answering. “You.”
“Me?” I was dumbfounded.
“Their main concern is for you,” Lyon said, “for your legacy.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Your ascension ensures their place beside their creator, to finally move on from this world as the New Gods. If they risk your life for two children, it could mean the end of everything.”
“I see, so that takes care of your kind harming Ash and Khan, but what about the three that attacked me?”
“That brings us to the rest of our history. When Isis ruled in Achaia she rarely met with opposition, partially because no one would challenge a former god and certainly not one as powerful as she. Still, when the opportunity arose and when their numbers were great, our enemies jumped at the chance. King Dekmaten had long been banished, exiled to Macedon for attempting to overthrow Ahmose once before. During his sentence he escaped and united with a king from Syria, took the kings daughter for his mate. Dekmaten’s insatiable thirst for war and domination was met equally with the Syrian, who was known for true evil. When Dekmaten learned of this he knew that if he were ever to overthrow Ahmose, he’d need that kind of power. Apart from granting Dekmaten his own immortality and Ankh-sut too, the King also fashioned them a diabolical army.”
 “Of black wolves, like the ones that came for me,” I surmised.
“Yes child. So many sons Dekmaten and Ankh-sut were bestowed, thousands upon thousands in fact; quite literally enough to exterminate us all,” Ahkmenotep tapped the IV as he answered. 
“Those hounds were brainwashed, forced to hate,” Vittorio shook his dark head angrily. “Mostri dell'inferno.”
“Monsters from hell is right,” Charles added sorrowfully. The others looked at them in agreement. Anchille retrieved the Book of Menaan and handed it to Lyon who pulled it over my lap and pointed to a picture of a kingdom besieged by legions of demon faced creatures. I trembled, remembering the three that nearly crushed me to death. The monitors began to sound off erratically and soon my body reacted. The seizure began. I could see myself, could feel my soul hovering over my convulsing body. I had no way of getting back inside. I was too afraid to go back in this time.
 “Anchille!” Will roared.
“Calm yourself William,” Anchille warned him as Isis worked her hands over my thrashing arms and face. Avati put her steel finger under my chin and very quickly the episode ended. I floated back inside but I was so terrified.
“That’s right, shh,” Ahkmen soothed me while checking the lines.
“I’m sorry,” I told him, realizing my I.V. had been pulled out from the struggle. A drop blood surfaced and quickly pooled fresh and bright around the sight.
“Don’t be sorry dear, none of this is your fault, besides, you’ve been to hell and back,” Ahkmenotep affirmed.
Avati wrapped her tiny cold arms around my head for support and Isis had Thomas and Charles warm my feet. It felt so nice, comforting. I reached my hand over the bed for Will. I stretched my fingers to meet his. Will’s eyes were darker, his expression devastated. I knew he felt responsible, knew that seeing me like this was almost breaking him in half. I wanted to be brave for him. I wished I could be strong like him, like all of them, but I was only human. No person on the face of the earth should ever have had to go through what I had and live to tell about it, let alone try to heal from it. I was traumatized, truly scarred for life and I didn’t need to see my face or acknowledge my broken body as evidence to that fact. I’d been killed, I had died, and I wasn’t about to feel it all over again. 
“Better?” he asked.
“I am now,” I breathed the words, unsure if I actually said them aloud. This time, when we touched, no one protested.
I looked at Lyon and asked him to finish where he’d left off. Though his face was skeptical of my health, he continued. He spoke as if he’d never stopped which helped me forget the event and my unintentionally scaring everyone. I couldn’t help but wonder if my dying had somehow opened a door, marked a pathway between earth and beyond. The thought made me tremble and I prayed that if it were true, I wouldn’t unknowingly let something from that netherworld into this one.
“Dekmaten’s army was unrecognizable. There was no longer even a trace of the men inside, only monsters. That early breed was never able to phase back into their human forms and they could hardly be controlled.”
“I remembered the three that came here for me, I saw them, in the airport,” I admitted, suddenly feeling a flush at my neck and a twist in my gut. Avati held my hand in hers, acknowledging her memory of the stalking as well. “They were human then.”
“Yes, well the later changelings were able to perfect the Syrian’s spell and that makes them even less predictable.”
“They’re horrible, no matter what form they take,” I said with a frown. 
“I know,” Lyon agreed, sighing. “Dekmaten would act fast.” He paused when my fingers traced over their picture. Their blood red eyes popped off the page in a gruesome and intimidating way. 
“The werewolves,” Lyon reflected, “were ready to follow out with Dekmaten’s orders as soon as he dictated them. Unfortunately their attack would be ill timed for Ahmose had long relinquished her ties with the sons of Asyut. Lycion, the king of her allies had too often allowed his sons to take Achaiin women or guardians for their brides.”
 “Again with the rules,” I said contemptuously as I pulled Will’s hand closer to my heart. That action did bring on a few silent whispers of judgment but no one said anything aloud.
 “We take our laws very seriously Lina, else we all perish,” Lyon’s voice was firm, un-negotiable. I heard low snickering from Thomas, who seemed to share my distaste for the Dam Ilah’s commandments. Lyon dismissed his interruption with a wave of his pale hand. 
“Ahmose decided to call on her neighboring allies, hoping that they could call peace if only to save the land once more. The soldiers complied as they always had in the past. Several began guarding the temple and many more on the outer perimeters. Despite that, Ahmose still felt they might need more help. Dekmaten’s army were too many, two thousand strong to her mere five hundred. She knew it foreshadowed the death of her people,” Lyon said.
Etienne joined him. He ran his hand over her hair, kissing her forehead lightly. Then he turned back a few pages of the book, showing me a painting of Ahmose, standing in a tower over the Achaiin city. The picture depicted her vision of bloodthirsty hounds in droves, overtaking her kingdom. It showed their black forms and blood red eyes scouring huts and tents for soldiers or for her people. Several had taken down civilians, their huge teeth tearing at the flesh of the innocent. On the next page Ahmose was seen, arms outstretched to the sky as the Goddess Sek-met gazed back.
 
23. Fulfilling Prophecy
 
“Sek-met raised her golden hand of fire and as lightning riveted the sky and the deep red and black clouds swirled amid thunder, the Blood Goddess changed Ahmose,” said Lyon.
“Ohh,” I whispered. “You had no idea what would happen to you, did you?” I asked Isis. 
“No, I didn’t. The gods had long kept the secret of your birth parents, our mother and father hidden, buried. It was only when the prophets came to me after Achaia, that I fully understood.”
“Sek-met wished for a way to make things right between her and Hekate. She knew that to heal those wounds this was the time and the place,” Lyon explained. “By bestowing her gift upon Ahmose, she could save us all.”
I read many things in Isis’ face: sadness, regret, shame, hatred, bitterness but mostly there seemed a profound sense of duty and of action. It was a war she would always regret but one that she would never have lost. I wasn’t like her, not in any way, but for once I wished I could be.
 “I can’t imagine what that felt like to you, to all of you,” I said softly, still holding the page open to the Achaiin city.
“Lina, would you permit me to touch you,” Lyon asked. When I nodded he said, “It will be easier if I show you.”
“What do you mean?” I asked but before he could speak I was hurled through space and time, with each year of life passing in a white flash until everything simply stopped.
“Where am I?” I called out to nothingness. It was Lyon’s voice I heard.
The Achaiins are there Lina, beyond the obelisks at the entrance to the city. Walk child; walk forward so that you can see. Don’t be afraid, no one and nothing can harm you here, he promised. 
And then I watched in horror as the Achaiin’s stood hand in hand, some even fell to their knees to pray. And there was Isis but as Ahmose I, their beautiful god-like queen, writhing in pain and hovering several feet from the ground, her voice screaming in agony to Sek-met, just as Hekate had so many years before. As light from every orifice of Ahmose body exploded, filling the night with bright red flames, she reached her hands to the sky. But Sek-met didn’t touch her, she only watched as Ahmose’ body continued to convulse in the air. She listened to the cries of Ahmose’ people; they fell hopelessly to the bitter wind. Every strike of lightening to the earth rippled more through the Queens floating body until finally leaving her slumped to the ground. She stood then and as she looked upon the dark faces of her people, the men and women that were more like her children, she smiled. The light of the very moon had fallen from the heavens into her eyes. They were silver with a streak of Sek-met’s blood dancing within them. Ahmose thanked her guardian and soon the Blood Goddess retreated, leaving the Queen to save her people and secure Egypt once again.
She was now a Blood God, capable of changing all those in her path by simply opening herself to them and letting them drink. Everyone moved in fast as lightning, gripping any part of her exposed skin they could, and when one finished another would latch on, to suckle like a baby to its mother. When all had finished, the pattern continued, leaving Ahmose free to bend down before Ahkmenotep. He lay with knees in the sand. He lowered his head and she raised her palm to him and soon he rose, no longer mortal but radiating with her magic, as did the rest of her people. Each man and woman was bestowed the gift of the goddess and soon they were ready for the fight of their lives. They had no armor, and no shields, only their magic and their bared teeth. The sons of Lycion soon phased into their true forms in preparation for battle. The ferocious wolves approached with Dekmaten at their flank on horseback and the black demons descended upon Achaia. As the evil King came into view I could see his cruel dark eyes from behind his helmet. Only two long strands of raven hair fell out from his armor, the rest of him was hidden. As the vampires continued to grow in number with each change, the wolves of Asyut assembled at every post and half a dozen surrounded the Queen in order to protect her. Ahmose moved to the front of the line, standing just a few yards beyond them. The monstrous dogs ran at lightning speed, some of them stopped a few feet from the gate to shake out their obsidian fur. Though I was well hidden inside the mirage of the palace I was still afraid to look at them. Every part of my bruised body remembered the attack, remembered their sheer power and strength. These beasts that I looked at now were the same, but in such mass—it was truly devastating. Despite their numbers, it didn’t take long for the first of Dekmaten’s wolves to be taken down. One by one the creatures fought their way through the gates, their horrid shrieking and howling alerting each son of Lycion and soon hundreds lay dead at the entrance. But more continued to come, their speed was treacherous and then there were more losses on Ahmose’ side. Some were humans who hadn’t drank or had time to phase, and some were immortals too. I tried not to look at them, it was so terrible. The vampire’s bodies crumpled in the mouths of the black wolves; instantly turning to grey ash where they lay. There weren’t many casualties though and soon Ahmose and her allies overtook Dekmaten’s army, seizing each and every one and leaving their lifeless bodies in a large heap in the center of the city. Seeing that his company was being annihilated Dekmaten tried to escape, but Ahmose quickly rose above him, landing on his back with the full force of her amazing body. He and horse fell to the ground where she tore his arms and legs clean from his torso. She then snapped his head from his shoulders and tossed the dying thing to the sand. It was grotesque and I cowered beneath my arms. Amid a slow building cry I heard Lyon’s voice.
Lina, come back, he encouraged from the outer world. 
I turned back to the Achaiin city as the smoke of Dekmaten’s army rose into the sky. The endless mounds of their bodies were scattered over the ground, each one set on fire. The animals’ blood spilled over the sand and stone in such a macabre way that I nearly retched. Ahmose and those of Asyut stood over the dead, bowing their heads in silence for what they’d been forced to do. There lingered an overwhelming sense that the battle would not bring peace. The flames turned to wide streams of blue and there was only the silence of innocuous victory. Ahmose stood before the last bodies to be thrown to the fire, and far into the desert came a voice, a woman was screaming. Her raging was full of great anger and despair. All who stood at Ahmose’ feet could hear it plainly: Wallah, wallah Ahmose, anti satalqa mawt!
I moaned as I turned from their faces and reached for the sun’s rays just as Lyon called me back again. When I opened my eyes I was crying in the hospital bed.
“I know,” I sobbed. “I know what the woman said.” Everyone stared at me in disbelief.
“You do?” Lyon queried while the other coven members flocked to his side. I shook my head yes as I wiped my eyes. “Say it child.”
“I swear it Ahmose, you will find death!” I repeated the Syrian Queen’s words in English. Isis grabbed my arms and lifted me into hers. She cradled me there for so long that I almost forgot we weren’t alone. “Is it hopeless?” I whimpered into her chest. I felt Etienne rub my back as Lyon came round to find my face. “Will Ankh-sut come for you, for me again?”
“Do not think of it,” Isis cooed, rocking me harder.
“This is why you are here,” Anchille announced to everyone, not just to me. “The three that came for you tonight could have been rogues but I don’t think so. The good news is that they are dead, unable to report back to their leader. If and when more do return, we shall be ready.”
I couldn’t believe that in such a short amount of time all the things that I’d been feeling, suffering from, worried about had vanished. My deepest feelings of iniquity were gone, deadened, having been replaced with a deep sense of humility. I was no longer concerned with being the frail innocent human caught inside this elaborate maze. Now I was a wanton participant, a follower of their doctrine. I believed every word of it no matter how incredible the story was. But, there was a deeper, more solid part of me that knew, without a shadow of doubt, I would fail. How could I even hope to take on such creatures? How could I, save them? My shoulders slumped.
 “Your expectations of me are so high, I just don’t think any of you should bank on my ability to stop whatever is going to happen here,” I sat up then and removed my arms from Isis. I wiped my eyes again. “I’ve spent my entire life falling just under the radar of excellence, trust me, I’m a classic underachiever, or hadn’t you heard?” Everyone laughed despite the morose change in my mood and my deep need to resort to customary sarcasm. It was my scapegoat, my warm woobie, Linus’s blanket. Pathetic, wasn’t I? I couldn’t hope to have a real relationship with anyone when I was afraid of myself and my own shadow! And that didn’t open me wide for saving the race of immortals either.
 “You’re special Lina and probably one of the most unique beings anyone of us has ever read about in all our history.” 
 “You shouldn’t believe everything you read,” I sniveled.
“Lina, when you do finally realize what and who you truly are, and what you are capable of, there shall be none who will stop you,” Lyon added determinedly. He tossed a long coil of my hair over my shoulder playfully.
 “The spirit of Sek-met and Wepwawet rest in you Lina. The eternal blood of Hekate and Agmenon runs within your human veins. Soon the two halves of your heart that have always felt detached will join together,” Isis smiled at me so maternally, her beautiful silver eyes blazed as she tilted my chin to look up at her. “You shall become mother to all, Goddess of Immortals and the light to show the way.” I heard my father’s voice in Isis and my throat began to sting. I needed my dad more than anything now.
 “That still cannot be child, especially if we are really under surveillance. We want for our enemies to still believe you are dead. That is the only way this will work.” 
“When?” I asked with bated breath.
“He awaits our confirmation,” Lyon answered. “Ioade, Janas and Eurelios, the prophets, are keeping him at an unmarked location outside London. That is where Avati traveled after your plane landed and you were escorted by Anchille to the mansion. That is also where Anchille traveled just days ago before you were attacked.” 
“Did he ask about me, Anchille?” my voice trembled.
“Oh my darling, of course he did. Ahmenos’ life has been in turmoil since the day he left you and Constance, though he did so to protect you. Had he not faked his own death, and yours, you both would have been killed, long ago.” 
 “But I’ve felt so lost this whole time.” Still did, actually.
“Ahmenos keeping you in the states, far away from this world was the smartest thing that he could have done, Lina. Despite the difficulties he faced as a Halfling in a mortals world, he knew there was no other choice,” Anchille smiled.
 “It was your destiny to live as a human child, to grow up slowly, unaware of your true identity. Constance knew nothing of these things, it wouldn’t have been fair to take you away from the only mother you’d ever known, and the only child she’s ever known,” Isis pressed her lips to my hand.
“Until now right?” I asked.
“Until now,” she repeated.
“What happens next?” I exhaled long and pronounced.
“Now your transformation begins,” she informed me. 
“Can’t I do that in Chicago?” I sensed Will cringe when I mentioned leaving. 
“I’m sorry but that is just not possible,” she said. “Up till now the one advantage we had over our enemies was that they thought you are dead. So you were for a time, able to enjoy a normal life. Your father conveniently made them believe that not only had he perished in Egypt but you and your mother as well.” Isis sighed. “Lina, all of that is over now. If Lyon is correct and the Black Wolves were unable to communicate back to Ankh-sut prior to their death, then all will be well, but if not…”
“I know,” I said. “I’m safer here.”
“And Constance is safer if you are here as well,” she added emotively.
“We must be more careful,” Anchille agreed.
The last thing I would ever want would be for my mother to suffer unnecessarily. The thought of losing her was unbearable. But as I looked back at this new coven, a family I’d just learned existed, I knew that the time had come for me to let her go. And there would be no easing in, no extended vacation for which we could say our goodbyes; it would have to be as quick as the closing of a door. I wondered if it would stay locked forever. Not one person in the room with me moved or spoke to that.
 “What my father did was the most selfless and most loving thing he could have done. I believe every word you’ve told me, every single word and I agree to do anything that is required of me, or at the very least, I will try.” 
“The elders would be so proud of you Lina. You’re very brave, but…are you sure?” asked Anchille, as though I really had a choice. He held my hand in such a way that left me wondering if he’d actually consider letting me go. I knew he couldn’t—his whole life, and the lives of his children were tied up in my fate. It was a nice, silent gesture though.
“I’m not sure of anything Anchille, but I can’t deny what I’ve seen, and you saved my life. No matter what happens to me now or how much I change, I at least want to continue living. If that means I have to become an immortal to do it, if it means protecting the people that I love then I’m in,” I said courageously. I hoped my doubt was well concealed.
“We only hope that as you continue to learn you will begin to understand your importance to us Lina. Perhaps, that, in the end will be the very thing that sparks your confidence.”
“We need you,” Lyon said with a nod to the others.
“And we know that you need us,” Isis affirmed.
I momentarily toyed with the idea of possessing even half her power in one hand, and in the other, the dominance of Sek-met, the strength of Wepwawet, all their magic at my very fingertips. Not to mention, I was fairly certain my grandmother’s bloodline had blessed me with some abilities too—latent as they were, I was sure they could be awakened. I couldn’t really comprehend what that would mean, but a secret smile played on my lips. I could destroy the world in one laconic thought. Forget Moses, I could swallow the Red Sea, drink the Nile dry, command everyone to recycle!
 “Good God, she’s already thinking of taking over the world!” teased Thomas. 
 “Women in power,” snorted Vittorio.
My eyes settled on the icy beauty of Aeolian, his wife, and for one who’d been so damningly silent until now, she finally made a motion in my favor by slapping him across the knee. She glanced back at me and for once a slight look of faith lit her menacing grey eyes.
 “Jealous are you?” she snarled to him. Vittorio only brushed back his black hair and waved Aeolian away playfully.
Will’s face was a mix of emotions, ones that I was positive he would share with me at a later date. Now I looked forward to it more than ever. We had much to discuss. He caught a glimmer of my last thoughts and smiled at me, though he was extra careful not to comment.
 Well! There go my plans for Harvard! I remarked mentally. In my head I heard their ubiquitous laughter.
 “I’m sure we can find a way for you to continue your studies here my dear,” Isis offered quickly. 
 I sassed a rebuttal back to her.
 “That plan doesn’t satisfy you?” Anchille inquired.
 “No, no, I better do that too. I have to keep up with all of you so it sounds like I have my work cut out for me,” I agreed sort of grudgingly. Will’s grin widened and he came to me directly. I prayed he would serve as my biggest distraction!
 I realized that moment that what I’d been searching for, what I’d thought had been missing, was staring back at me. Their love, their need, and their loyalty came from an ancient place, deeply rooted in the belief that I would become their leader. As my mind grasped this new reality a dark veil lifted. There was no guilt, no pressure and suddenly no words; all that lingered were the heavy sighs of relief on their part for having released the truth into my hands. I’d given my decision, my word of honor and it wasn’t something I would go back on, not ever. My father had taught me that lesson, long ago.
“I’m going to need your guidance,” I admitted openly.
 “You will have it,” Anchille avowed.
“You’ve all had infinite time to get use to this life, I haven’t,” I said firmly.
“Yes.”
“One more thing?” I asked.
“Anything my dear,” answered Anchille.
“I’m going to need someone to watch over my mom.”
“It shall be done.”
Well that was it. I’d made the choice to come here and now I had a job to do, granted it wasn’t the one I’d been hired for, but out of this new deal I felt I would gain so much more. I only prayed I would survive long enough to see the end come full circle. But I wasn’t holding my breath. I needed sleep and immediately I glanced at Ahkmenotep for another hit on my IV. He chuckled softly and a murmur of laughter followed. I went to sleep pondering the delicate balance of each of their lives and also the joining of their worlds—their future was my responsibility. A person could get swallowed up just by the pressure of the situation, I thought. I winced away from those feelings with my eyes closed just a tad tighter. I began to dream of little Ash and Khan and soon all that had been dark in my life suddenly was illuminated. I watched as the two little ones played, running around wildly with their guardians. Though it was my dream world they stopped to wave to me, and I waved back.

Many hours later I woke to the early morning sun just creeping over the horizon. Outside the glass windows, its face showed brightly between the misty fells. Glowing rays of warmth kissed my face and I smiled. The universe had opened its secret doors to me—how could I not listen and be receptive to it? I knew I had to try. I wanted to at least try. I needed to. If I couldn’t succeed in this endeavor then Isis’ struggle as Queen of the Achaiins, and my father and his enormous sacrifice would have all been in vain. Even the rocky alliance that remained between a small pack of wolves and dozen vampires would have been for nothing if I didn’t succeed. I just couldn’t allow that. And so I soaked in the beauty of the sun and thought about the miraculous opportunity that seemed to have been written in the stars especially for me. I didn’t feel quite so small in this world after all. 
I watched as dawn painted the lush green earth below in strokes of red, fuchsia and green and as three familiar wolves howled in the near distance, I knew I was where I should be. It wasn’t so much that I had a lot to learn, or that I still didn’t completely understand my life or what I was in for—it was the excitement I felt whirling in my belly. For the first time in my life, I was totally un-prepared, had no idea what the outcome would be. The new horizon opened its arms to me and I realized that I didn’t need to know the ending…I only needed to breathe in, the beginning.

S.A. lives with her brood in sunny San Antonio, Texas, where she writes, home-schools her two small boys, does photography, paints, and tries to come up for air when she can. S.A. Loves to hear from fans and you can message her via Facebook, Twitter, Blogger, or visit her website, www.sageary.com. Be sure to check out her Author Central page for even more ways to connect, and to view House of New Gods first book trailer.

 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


