The Shadow Code: Biotype
By J.M. Callaghan

CHAPTER ONE:

Rowan Scott leaned over the bathroom sink, taking a deep breath and closing her eyes as she thought about the coming day. The longer she thought, however, the harder she found it to remember why she was here…and where exactly she was.
Her eyes fluttered open and she looked to her right. There was a long row of white sinks, identical to the one that she was currently gripping the sides of. There were about five of them in all, stuck to the walls underneath mirrors like the one in front of her.
As she stared, she began to recognize this bathroom. It was definitely the girls’ bathroom on her high school campus. She knew that if she walked outside, she would see dark blue lockers lining the walls, going to the doorways at each end of the hall.
She looked up at the mirror. It eased her slight paranoia, seeing her solid reflection.
Everything about her was on the in-between, not sliding too far down either side of the hill. She wasn’t very tall or very short, but what people seemed to call “average”. She was slender, but not soft; she had strong muscles that always seemed to stay with her. Her skin was neither pale nor tan, but a combination of the two.
She had always considered her hair to be strange. It wasn’t too straight or too wild, but somewhere halfway. It waved to the middle of her shoulder blades in a curious blend of light and dark brown, with strands of red thrown in here and there—a token from her Irish ancestors, she’d always assumed.
Her eyes were her favorite feature. They were green, with a dark blue rim and streaks of the same color interspersed throughout the iris. If anyone looked really close, they could see a microscopic stripe of light bronze, centered horizontally over the pupil.
She gazed in the mirror a second longer, then smiled slightly, shaking her head and heading for the door. As she walked away, she realized how quiet it was in the bathroom. She stopped and bent low to the ground, checking to see if anyone was in the stalls. They were completely empty.
Weird.
She tried shrugging it off, but something was tugging at the back of her mind, like she shouldn’t be here…like she’d already graduated high school….
She walked out into the hallway. It was nearly empty, too, except for a handful of people. They were stationed on either side of the space, taking things out of lockers, putting them in. These seemed like normal high school actions, but they were out of place. None of these people belonged here.
As she walked down middle of the hall, she realized that she knew them.
The person standing at the locker nearest her was one of the most important people in her life. Alison Scott was Rowan’s cousin, but she might as well have been her sister, as close as they were. Her hair was light brown, and her eyes were a summery tortoiseshell green. Life had made her incredibly mature for her age, though she allowed herself to act the complete opposite when it was just her and Rowan.
On the opposite side of the hallway from Alison, stood Kaitlyn Fox. She was a few inches shorter than Rowan, with short medium-blonde hair, and pale skin that complimented her eyes. They were ice-blue and had a midnight blue ring around the rim, similar to Rowan’s. Those eyes had a talent of seeing straight through people to the good in them. She was unfailingly nice, and Rowan had yet to meet a person who didn’t appreciate her company.
Behind Kaitlyn was Shy Chambers. She had a fierce stature, with dark coppery skin that stood in high contrast to her long hair, which was such a dark shade of brown that it was almost black. Her eyes held the same color. She had a talent for talking to people, and it never stopped surprising the rest of the group how she seemed to know everyone they came into contact with.
Talking to Shy was Danny Porter. He was a heartbreaker of a kid, with eyes like a paler version of Kaitlyn’s. He was about the same height as her, too, but with brown hair. He was witty and smart, and a good friend to have around.
Leaning against a locker behind Alison was Ethan Fox. As Kaitlyn’s brother, he shared the same blonde hair, though his was extremely short. His eyes were a much grayer blue than Kaitlyn’s, and he was several inches taller than her. He was the kind of guy who always seemed to get the joke, and he was protective of all of them, but particularly protective of his sister, and the girl who was standing behind him.
Her name was Andrea Shaw, and she was Ethan’s long-time girlfriend, not to mention one of Rowan’s best friends. She was half an inch shorter than Rowan, with hair as short as Kaitlyn’s, except hers was a rich medium brown color. Her eyes were a medium brown, with a sun-kissed center and a dark ring around the rim. She was a dancer, a lover of magic and romance. She was the sweetest person they knew.
Rowan approached her, wanting to talk to her about this paranoid feeling she couldn’t shake, but before she could speak, Andrea opened her mouth. Rowan waited, but she began to worry as no sound came out of her friend. Then she did hear something. Or rather, felt it.
An earthquake.
The ground started to shake, the lockers making a loud metallic rattling noise. Rowan stumbled back a few steps. She looked around at the others, but they didn’t notice what was happening. They were standing perfectly still, as if the tremor wasn’t affecting them at all.
Rowan heard a cracking sound, and her head whipped back around, staring at the ceiling at the end of the hall. A rift had appeared there, expanding in a dozen lines at once. They raced across the ceiling and down the walls, intersecting in several places and heading straight for Rowan.
She was petrified. She couldn’t remember a time when she’d frozen in the face of a threat, but this time, apparently, her body had other ideas. She looked up as all of the fractures converged at a point directly above her head, and could not move as the ceiling caved in.

Rowan’s eyes flew open.
She was breathing hard, trying to calm herself down from the nightmare. Wherever she was, the lighting was dim, and she couldn’t see well. She closed her eyes and tried to lift her hand to rub her eyelids. She remembered that it was Tuesday, and she’d just left her friends’ apartment. She didn’t recall being tired, but she must have been, to fall asleep in her car like this.
She couldn’t move her wrist.
She looked down, and her eyes had adjusted well enough to see that she was definitely not in her car, because she didn’t have any armrests and her wrists were bound to these ones. They were tied with dusty rope, which was old, but not enough to easily break as she tugged at them.
She was sitting on a wooden chair in the middle of a room that she didn’t recognize. There were windows on three of the walls and a door on the fourth, so she suspected she was in some kind of cabin or shack. It smelled like a forest in here, so she assumed that she was in the middle of nowhere.
She noticed something in her peripheral vision. It was a small table, and on it she could see the light from the single bulb overhead reflecting off of bits of metal. As she strained against the confines of the rope, she could see that there was an array of objects, ones that made her stomach turn.
Knives, ice picks, a handheld saw….
Rowan screamed.

CHAPTER TWO:

Alison sank back against the couch, bringing her knees up to her chest and leaning her cheek against them.
Rowan had been missing for a week, and Alison didn’t know where she was, or if she was hurt…or worse.
It was heartbreaking to look into the eyes of her Aunt Jane, and tell her that she hadn’t heard from her daughter, that she didn’t know anything that could help. The police couldn’t find a trace of where she went, but Alison knew they weren’t working very hard. It was clear they assumed she’d run away.
Alison knew better. She knew her cousin well enough to know that something was very wrong. She wanted to go out and look for Rowan, and a few times, she had tried, but she honestly didn’t know where to start.
Alison felt an arm slip around her shoulders, and she lifted her head, looking to the right. Her eyes met a pair of ice-blue ones. Kaitlyn smiled sympathetically, but it didn’t make her feel any better.
It was Tuesday again, and she, Kaitlyn, Andrea, and Shy were all gathered at Ethan and Danny’s apartment. They got together every week on this night, to catch up with each other and watch movies. The tone of the party was much more somber now, and everyone was sitting on the L-shaped couch in silence.
Alison couldn’t remember why she’d bothered to come at all. Some part of her, she realized, thought that if Rowan was okay, she would find her way back here. It was getting late, though, and her already small hopes were dwindling by the second.
“I’m sure she’s fine,” Ethan said, though Alison wasn’t sure if he actually believed that. “The police are doing everything they can. Let’s watch something.” He walked to the entertainment center, turning on the little device that connected the TV to the internet. The screen lit up and showed the menu.
Without any warning or prompting, the screen turned red. Alison recognized it as the device’s video chat application, which didn’t make any sense. She looked up at the web cam that was sitting on top of the TV, and saw that the tiny green light was on. She exchanged a look of confusion with the others around her.
“What’s go—?” Andrea started to ask the question that Alison had been about to say. She looked up at Andrea, and bit her lip when the girl didn’t answer. Andrea’s eyes widened, and Alison reluctantly followed her gaze back to the TV.
A video feed had appeared on the screen, with a smaller square in the lower right-hand corner, which showed them the feed for their own camera. They were looking at a weakly-lit room, and there was only one thing contained within it. It looked like a figure sitting in a chair. A girl, in fact, and she was currently unconscious, with her head bent forward.
Rowan.
Alison’s heart picked up at the sight of her cousin, but when she was able to see the details in the picture before her, the thudding inside her chest stopped dead. Rowan’s wrists were bound to the rough-looking armrests of the chair she was sitting in, and Alison could see that the skin around the ropes was rubbed raw. She felt sick when she saw the cuts on Rowan’s legs, and the bruises that accompanied them. They had to be a couple of days old, because all of the bruises were purple and blue. She watched in helpless agony as Rowan started to wake up.
Her insides turned to ice.
Another person had appeared from the corner of the camera’s view. It was obviously a man, and he was tall, with enough muscles to make him look intimidating. As he walked around to stand behind Rowan, Alison saw that he was wearing a mask. It was black, like the rest of his clothing, and it appeared to be made of some kind of metal. There were slits cut out for his eyes and mouth, but small enough to make him look even more bone-chilling.
He put his hand on Rowan’s shoulder, which she cringed away from. Anger flashed inside Alison.
“I’m sure you’re all wondering why I am contacting you,” the man said. “Allow me to show you.”
Rowan cried out as he suddenly grabbed a fistful of her hair and jerked it back. The remaining parts of her hair fell back, and Alison was able to see her face, and the light bruise that had to have recently sprouted along her jaw.
“Don’t touch her!” someone yelled. Alison covered her mouth in shock when she realized it had been her.
The man let go of Rowan’s hair, chuckling as he let his arm fall to his side. “Now, now. There’s no need for that. I have a proposition for you all. As you can see, I have Rowan in my…care. I have one simple request. You must elect one of yourselves to come to us. If you comply, and don’t involve the police, I will let the two of you go.”
“Just like that?” Andrea asked. Alison could hear the skepticism in her voice.
The man shrugged his shoulders, putting one hand in his jacket. “Of course, I could send her back to you anyways.” He pulled a knife out of his pocket, pulling back Rowan’s head once more and holding the blade at her throat. “Just tell me which piece you want first.”
“No!” Alison choked out.
The man shrugged again, dropping the knife and letting Rowan’s head return to a normal position. He reached behind his back and brought out a small black object. Alison came to the horrible realization that it was a gun. The man crouched next to Rowan, putting the barrel against the side of her head.
“Or…I could end this right here,” he said, pulling the hammer back. He put his finger on the trigger.
Alison watched in horror as Rowan’s eyes closed, a tear rolling down her cheek.
“No!” Alison said again, louder this time.
Through the mask, she could see the man’s lips curl into a cruel smile. “That’s what I thought. Now, you have five minutes to decide who will come for Rowan.”
The man put something over the camera, and the TV screen went dark.
Alison stared bleakly at the carpet.
“I’ll go,” Andrea said. Alison looked up in surprise at the determined look on Andrea’s face.
Ethan put his hand on Andrea’s arm. “No, I don’t want you anywhere near that guy. I’ll go.”
“No,” Alison said quietly. The others turned to look at her. She met their stares with a steady gaze. “I’m going, and I won’t let any of you stop me.”
Kaitlyn opened her mouth to protest, but Alison stopped her with a glare.
“It’s my decision,” she said.
The TV screen returned to Rowan and her captor.
“Have you chosen?” the man asked.
Alison leaned forward. “I’m going to do it. Where do I go?”
The man smiled, as if all his dreams had just come true. He was about to give the first instruction when Rowan suddenly shouted.
“No! Don’t come here, Alison! He—” Her voice became muffled, and the man removed his hand from her mouth only for a moment as he put a strip of cloth between her lips, tying it behind her head. Rowan struggled against the chair.
“Tell me,” Alison begged, wanting to distract him so he would stop hurting Rowan.
The man held up a piece of paper to the screen, with what looked like an address written on it. Andrea leapt off the couch and ran into the next room, returning with a pad of paper and a pen. She wrote the address down as the man spoke.
“Miss Alison”—she wasn’t surprised that he knew her name, it was obvious he’d been watching them—“Come to this address alone. If I find out that you’ve brought any of your friends with you, or that you’ve alerted the police in any way, Rowan will die. Is that clear?”
Alison nodded, feeling the revulsion on her face.
The man crouched in front of the camera, so that all they could see was his mask. His parting words were enough to send a chill down Alison’s spine.
“I’ll be waiting.”

CHAPTER THREE:

“Rowan. Rowan! Wake up!” Alison hissed.
Alison was now tied to a chair that was similar to Rowan’s, and they were set up, facing each other, in the same shack that Alison had seen through the webcam. When Alison had tried to move the chair, she’d found that it was stuck to the floor, and she guessed that Rowan’s chair was, too. The cloth that the man had put around Rowan’s mouth to silence her earlier was gone.
She sighed in relief when she saw Rowan move.
Rowan groaned, opening her eyes. Alison smiled when she saw Rowan’s eyes focus on her. It faltered when she saw the expression on Rowan’s face. She looked furious, and her eyes had started to water.
“What are you doing here?”
Alison was angry now, too. “What do you mean, ‘what am I doing here’? You heard what he said. If I didn’t come, he was going to kill—”
“I heard what he said.” A tear ran down Rowan’s face. “Why did you believe him?”
“What do you mean?”
Rowan rolled her eyes and clicked her teeth together. She looked around the room as she spoke. “We’re in the middle of a secluded area. We’re tied to chairs, and facing each other. He didn’t do that so we could have this conversation face to face. He wants something from me—something I won’t give him. He’s already tried to break me, but he’s obviously running out of time, because now he’s going to use you to get it.”
All of the air went out of Alison’s lungs, in the form of a hissing between her teeth. A part of her had actually believed that this man would let them go. How could she have been so stupid?
“I don’t care. I couldn’t just stand by and let you die,” Alison said, sure of her choice again.
Rowan shook her head. “I would have been fine. But now, I have to do the impossible, and get out of here, before you get killed.”
Alison was horrified. “What do you mean, ‘fine’? You would have been dead!”
Rowan opened her mouth, apparently to respond, but then they heard a low chuckling, from one of the dark corners in the room.
“Yes,” a cold voice mocked, “but death is only a beginning. Isn’t it, Rowan?”
Alison was confused. Her cousin didn’t appear to be scared. She only looked defiant.
Rowan leaned back in her chair, and it was at that moment that Alison noticed her necklace, which glinted slightly in the weak light. She recognized it as a pendant that Rowan had started wearing about three years ago. It was a tarnished silver chain, with a similarly colored trinket at the end, which laid three inches below her throat. The pendant was the miniature head of a lion, and had a flat backing to it. When she’d asked where it had come from, Rowan had said that she’d picked it up on her recent trip into the city. Alison had also asked which store, since Los Angeles had a lot of them, but Rowan had avoided the question.
Rowan glared at the figure that was slowly circling around them both. “So, you know my name, but you obviously don’t know everything about me. You may have been following me, but you don’t have all the background information. You must be new.”
The man’s footsteps stopped for a moment, then picked up again. Alison bit her lip, questioning Rowan’s words.
Rowan continued. “Wow, they really didn’t tell you anything. I bet you made a mistake. Something that was enough to send you on this suicide mission.”
Alison was understanding the situation less and less as the seconds passed. She didn’t have time to ponder it, however, as the man moved behind her. She winced when he put his hand under her chin, pulling her head up and placing what felt like a blade at her throat. She cringed away from the knife and his hand, and something on the floor caught her eye.
“What is that?” Alison whispered in a broken voice. “Is that coal?”
“Very good, yes,” the man said, and she felt his breath on her hair, which made her flinch in disgust. “Rowan, why don’t you tell her what the purpose of a circle of coal is? Or, I have a better idea. How about you either give me what I want…or I kill her?”
Alison couldn’t see Rowan’s expression, but it couldn’t have been good, because the man suddenly shouted.
“Where is the Sireblade?”
Alison’s eyes widened in terror. Her life depended on the delivery of something called the “Sireblade”, and she had no idea what it actually was.
“Now I have a better idea,” Rowan said. “How about you let her go, or I kill you.”
The man laughed aloud. “I think you’re hardly in a bargaining position right now.” He stepped away from Alison. When he did, Alison heard a couple of things scatter across the floor. She met Rowan’s eyes as her cousin flashed a wicked smile. The man ran between her and Rowan with the knife.
Alison didn’t see where it came from, but suddenly, a rope whipped out of nowhere and wrapped itself around the shocked man in the middle of the room. She heard a slicing sound, and saw that Rowan was now on her feet. When she walked forward, Alison saw that she was now in possession of the knife the man had previously held.
The rope dropped to the floor, releasing Rowan’s abductor.
He lunged at her.
The knife flew out of Rowan’s hand and skidded across the floor, stopping when it hit the nearest wall. Alison struggled against the chair, trying to see what was happening.
The man was on top of Rowan, trying to pin her to the ground. She heard Rowan’s head hit the floor when the man punched her in the side of the mouth. Rowan kneed him in the stomach and flipped over, crawling quickly for the knife.
He grabbed Rowan’s ankle, and she was pulled back along the dark wooden boards. Alison saw Rowan turn onto her back, trying to kick the man in the face. He caught her foot and was on top of her again. The struggling between the two of them intensified, and then stopped with a single sound.
The knife had found a mark.
Alison watched helplessly as neither of the figures on the ground moved. She didn’t know which of them was still alive. In the silence that followed the fight, she was able to hear something else: a rapid breathing sound. She breathed a sigh of relief when she recognized it as Rowan’s.
Rowan shoved the man off of her, taking back the small blade in the process. She walked over to Alison and cut the ropes binding her to the chair, not saying anything as she turned back to the immobile figure on the ground.
“Is he…dead?” Alison asked, not sure if she wanted to know the answer.
“Yes,” Rowan replied quietly.
Rowan bent down and took off the man’s mask. His hair was the darkest shade of brown, and they were the same shade as his dark eyes, which Alison had seen back in the apartment. They were closed now, and he almost looked like he was sleeping.
“What are you doing?” Alison asked.
Rowan was searching the pockets of the man’s jacket and his pants, obviously looking for something specific. She didn’t answer Alison as she rifled through the folds of black fabric. Then Alison heard a crinkling noise, and Rowan pulled a folded stack of paper from the man’s back pocket.
“What is that?” Alison probed, wondering if Rowan would actually answer her this time.
“It’s a plane ticket,” Rowan said, but not offering any further information than that.
“To where?”
“To where I’m headed after I make sure you’re home safe.” She refolded the papers and shoved them in her own pocket. “Let’s go.”
Alison jumped in front of her, putting up her hands. “What?”
Rowan’s expression remained stoic. “I’m not arguing with you. I’m taking you home.”
Alison crossed her arms over her chest. “No, you’re not.”
One of Rowan’s eyebrows shot up. “Excuse me?”
“I’m not going home. I’m taking you to the hospital to get you checked out, and then you’re going to tell me what just happened here.” Alison’s tone was firm—she was determined to stand her ground. After getting dragged into this, she deserved to know why.
Rowan walked around her, opening the only door in the room. “No.”
Alison turned around, about to protest further, when Rowan swayed, catching herself on the doorframe just in time. Alison rushed to stand in front of her, in case the vertigo became too much.
Rowan took her hand from the doorway and put it on Alison’s shoulder. “So, about going to the hospital….”

CHAPTER FOUR:

Rowan forced her eyelids open, which were heavy from the effects of the medication they had given her. She was wearing a hospital gown, and laying under a rough blue blanket, on uncomfortable white sheets. She could feel that the cuts on her thighs had been cleaned, and that her legs were sore as she tried to move them.
She sat up slowly, not wanting to get dizzy again. Alison was sitting on a chair in the corner of the room, turning the pages of a magazine and chewing on her thumbnail. She glanced up at Rowan, met her gaze, and jumped up from her seat. She left the magazine on the table as she went to Rowan’s bedside.
“How do you feel?” Alison asked, and Rowan could hear the worry in her voice.
“I’m fine. Grab me my clothes so I can take you home.” Rowan’s tone was final, but she expected Alison to protest, and had arguments lined up in her head for just such an occasion.
Alison surprised her by silently retrieving Rowan’s things, handing them to her, and leaving the room so she could change.
Once she was dressed, she walked to the door of the small room. Alison was waiting outside, and she went to the counter with her so they could sign the necessary release forms.
Rowan was still waiting for Alison to start a fight, but she kept quiet as they made their way to the hospital lobby. They walked down the hallway, and at the end of it, Rowan could see someone’s arm. It was bent, the hand resting on the curve of its owner’s hip. It was a girl, and something on her hand caught Rowan’s eye. It was a ring, and one that looked oddly familiar.
The closer she got, the more detail she could see. It was tarnished silver, much like the lion-head necklace that hung around her own neck, and it had a smooth, dark red, heart-shaped gem in the center. She realized she knew exactly what it was, and who it belonged to. It was a gothic betrothal ring, and Ethan had given it to Andrea.
Rowan stopped in the middle of the hall, turning toward Alison.
“You didn’t.”
“Didn’t what?” Alison asked innocently.
“You did not bring everyone else with you.”
Alison didn’t answer, coughing as she poorly disguised a chuckle.
Rowan glared at her. It was bad enough that Alison was involved. She didn’t want anyone else to be dragged into this mess. She needed to find out what was going on, and she didn’t need any more obstacles.
They broke free of the hallway, and were met with the sight of Ethan and Andrea. Rowan breathed a quiet sigh of relief when she saw they were the only two that came.
Their expressions appeared to be relieved, but Rowan saw the questions in their eyes. She hoped that she could get out of this without having to tell them any of the more important details.
Andrea walked forward, silently putting her arms around Rowan. She hugged her back, grateful that Andrea didn’t say anything.
“What happened?” Ethan asked.
Rowan shook her head. “Not here. Let’s go. I want to make sure you guys get home safe. I need to leave as soon as possible.”
Rowan watched as the other three exchanged looks.
“What?”
Andrea responded too quickly. “Nothing. Are you ready to go?”
Rowan eyed her suspiciously, but walked with them out to the cars. Or car, rather. She could only see Alison’s vehicle as they walked through the parking lot in the warm night air.
“How did you two get here?” Rowan asked.
“Alison picked us up,” Ethan said, too casually.
Rowan stopped, turning around to look at the building. She had been in and out of consciousness the entire drive here, and she realized she had no idea which hospital they were at.
She didn’t recognize the name, so they couldn’t have been anywhere near Orange County.
“Where did she pick you up from? Where are we?”
“Just outside of Moreno Valley,” Alison replied as they got into the car. Rowan sat up front with her, and the others slid into the backseat. “Ethan and Andrea parked their car at a motel nearby, and I picked them up after I dropped you off at the hospital. We’re staying there tonight.”
Rowan kept silent. They could stay at the motel all they wanted to, but she was leaving the first chance she got. She took comfort in the fact that the girls would be in safe company. Ethan wouldn’t let anything happen to either of them.
Rowan didn’t any of them to follow her, so she decided to wait until everyone else was asleep.
She followed the other three into the less-than-five-star motel room, wondering why the light inside was already on.
She groaned inwardly.
Waiting for them inside the dingy room was the rest of the group: Kaitlyn, Shy, and Danny. Their faces were expectant, and Rowan suddenly had the feeling that she wouldn’t be escaping the hot seat in this situation. She wasn’t sure if she trusted these people enough for what she was about to divulge, but now she had no choice.
Without a word, Rowan made her way to the chair in the corner of the room, opposite the two beds. She’d picked the chair because it was separate from where the others were sitting, but in a position that she could see the door. She’d never liked sitting with her back to the door. It was an instinct she’d gained after all this time.
Rowan remained silent for several minutes. She didn’t know where to start.
“So…what happened?” Danny asked hesitantly. “How did you two get away?”
Rowan took a deep breath to get control of her nerves, still reluctant to let go of any of the real information. “I escaped my ropes. The man that held us is dead. I killed him.”
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Alison staring at the ground with blank eyes. Her friends, however, were gaping at her in shock.
It took her a minute, but Rowan realized the tone with which she had said the last sentence was enough to shock anyone. It had been cold, with all the contempt for who that man worked for, and none of the remorse for what she had done. In all her years, had she really become this desensitized to murder?
Shy voiced what Rowan was sure everyone else had been thinking. “You say that like this isn’t the first time you’ve killed someone.”
Rowan stared into Shy’s eyes for a long moment before looking at the thin carpet.
“What are you?” Shy whispered, and Rowan could hear the accusations in her voice.
Rowan’s head snapped up, and she raised her hands. “Yes, I’ve killed people before, but only when I had no other choice. I don’t enjoy it at all, if that’s what you’re thinking. It’s not my job, either.”
“Then what is?” Kaitlyn asked. Rowan glanced at her, and saw the struggle in her eyes. She was trying desperately to maintain her compassion, but with an obvious amount of difficulty.
Rowan took another slow breath. “I’ll start with when and where I was born.”
Ethan put up his hand. “We already know that. We more or less grew up with you, remember?”
Rowan stared at him, trying to make him understand the truth before she said it. His eyes grew confused.
“Right?”
Rowan shook her head. “No, I mean the first time.”
Danny’s voice was skeptical. “The first time?”
Rowan turned her gaze on him, uttering a sentence that caused a wave of silence to wash over the room.
“I was born in Ireland. In 1482.”

CHAPTER FIVE:

Rowan sat calmly as the information sank in.
Alison was now staring at her with an expression as shocked as that of their friends. Rowan didn’t blame her.
Danny spoke first. “That brings us back to Shy’s question. What exactly are you?”
“I’m a particular brand of conjurer. I’m a Forever.”
“A what?”
Rowan’s head whipped around to look at Alison. Her cousin’s expression was furious.
“I’ve never told people who didn’t absolutely need to know,” Rowan said simply.
Alison was yelling now. “Oh, I didn’t need to know? I’ve only been growing up with you, spending most of my time around you, and I didn’t need to know that you’re not even human?”
Rowan only sighed. This was not the first time she’d heard a speech like this. “Do you want to hear the rest? Or are you going to just shout at me some more?”
Alison glared at her feet, but was quiet again.
“What do you mean by ‘conjurer’?” Andrea asked curiously, a twinkle growing in her eyes. Rowan smiled, knowing how much her friend loved magic.
“I mean like this.” Rowan opened her hand, her palm facing up.
Everyone gasped. Even Alison.
Seemingly out of nowhere, a small dagger had flown into Rowan’s grasp, which she had caught neatly and was now holding up for everyone to see.
“Where did that come from?” Kaitlyn asked in a wondering tone.
Rowan didn’t answer. She rose from the chair and walked the five steps it took to get to the nearest table. On the scratched surface was a lamp, which was standing next to a tissue box, causing it to have a fairly long cast shadow. She lowered the dagger over the dark space, slowly, so that they could watch. Everyone gasped again as the dagger disappeared, bit by bit, into the shadow.
“Woah,” Danny murmured.
“Can you make anything you want?” Andrea whispered excitedly.
Rowan smiled at her in spite of the situation, and removed another item from the same shadow, tossing it to Andrea.
The girl turned the shiny red apple over and over in her hands, her eyes wide. She started to bring it to her lips, then stopped, gazing questioningly at Rowan.
“Go on,” Rowan encouraged. “I guarantee it’s the best apple you’ll ever taste.”
Rowan watched as the others leaned forward, laughing under her breath. Andrea took a bite of the apple. After a moment, the girl’s eyes went wide.
“You’re right. It’s delicious.”
“Open your hands,” Rowan told her.
Andrea complied, and laughed breathlessly as the apple rose out of her grasp, sailing toward Rowan and disappearing into the shadow.
Andrea looked back at Rowan once the apple was gone. “Can you move anything without touching it?”
Rowan shook her head, smiling again. “Only things that I’ve taken out of shadows.”
“Wow,” Kaitlyn said. “But why are you called a ‘Forever’?”
“I may be a conjurer, but I’m named by my lifespan. I stop aging at twenty-one years old. If I’m killed, my shadow leaves my body behind and is immediately sent to the next set of parents that could believably pass for mine, and I am reborn. Then, when I turn twelve, I regain my memories, and my ability to take things from shadows. Oh, and also this tattoo.” She pulled back the hair on the left side of her head, so they could see the black outline drawn just behind her ear. It was a dagger, with a handle that was curved in an hourglass shape, with a simple letter “F” inside it. “When I’m born again, this appears as a birthmark, and when I reach age twelve, it turns black.”
She reached into her back pocket, her fingers enclosing around the folded itinerary that she had taken off of her abductor. She was about to take it out when she saw Andrea.
Her friend was staring at the wall behind Rowan’s head, and her eyes were far away. Unless Rowan was imagining things, she thought she saw tears forming at the corners of her eyes.
“What’s wrong?” Rowan asked, unintentionally bringing everyone’s attention to Andrea.
Andrea didn’t answer for a full minute, her eyes moving to the floor, and then to Rowan’s face.
“Are there other people like you?” she murmured.
Rowan nodded, not understanding where she was going with this. “Yes. There’s a lot of us. Why?”
Andrea ignored her question. “And do all of you have that marking?”
“Yes,” Rowan said slowly.
Andrea’s mouth pressed into a line.
“What is it?” Ethan asked, putting his arm around her shoulders.
“I’ve seen that tattoo before.”

Rowan was sitting in the back of Ethan’s car, with Andrea in the passenger seat. Shy, Kaitlyn, and Danny had gone in Alison’s car and were driving down the dark road behind them.
Andrea was quiet now. She’d explained that her brother had the exact same tattoo as Rowan. Andrea and her mother had moved to town when the group had gone into high school. Her brother was around her age, but he had stayed behind to live with their dad, who was about an hour away from the motel they’d planned on staying at.
Rowan had never met Andrea’s brother, but if he was like her, she figured he could be of some use in figuring out what was going on.
Andrea spoke from the front seat, which caused Rowan to jump a little from the sudden lack of silence. “At this time of night, Leon will definitely be home, but my dad won’t. He works the graveyard shift, so I’ll be able to talk to my brother without any eavesdroppers.” Rowan’s eyebrows raised slightly at the anger in Andrea’s voice.
Their car pulled up to a faded brown house, in the middle of a street that contained very few residences. The only light that seemed to be on was coming from the garage. They followed Andrea up the driveway, and waited outside the garage door as she went around the side of the house. After a few minutes, they heard yelling.
“How could you not tell me?” Andrea shouted.
“What are you talking about?” a voice answered. Rowan felt a crease appear between her eyebrows. She had heard that voice before, but she couldn’t remember where.
“You’re a Forever, and I just had to find out from somebody else. I’m your sister. I had a right to know!”
The familiar voice sounded resigned. “Who told you?”
Rowan heard a sharp smack, like a button being pressed. She stepped back as the garage door began to open.
Behind the large metal door, standing next to Andrea, was a boy that Rowan had been trying to find ever since she’d turned twelve and regained her memories. She didn’t know how she could have missed it.
Andrea should have been her first clue. She had the exact same sun-kissed brown eyes, the same vibrant medium-brown hair.
He was close to Ethan’s height, with muscles somewhat thicker, and his skin tone was slightly tanner, but the signs had definitely been there. Even his name, Leon, was so obvious it made her feel stupid. It was short for his full name.
“Rowan, what are you doing?” Andrea asked, a note of hysteria rising in her voice.
Rowan was standing in the same spot, but her stance had changed entirely. This was on account of the gun in her hand, which was currently pointed at her friend’s only brother.
“Leonine,” Rowan said, tilting her head to the side. “So nice to see you again.”

CHAPTER SIX:

Rowan didn’t move, contemplating whether or not to pull the trigger.
On the one hand, she had been waiting a long time for this moment. On the other hand, she didn’t want to put Andrea through the trauma of watching Leonine die. Decisions, decisions, she thought to herself. She smiled evilly at Leonine, who looked like a deer trapped in a pair of headlights.
“What is going on?” Andrea fumed.
“Oh, it’s nothing, really,” Rowan replied sarcastically, her eyes and gun still trained on Leonine. “About twenty years ago, your brother here shot me in the back.” Rowan pulled back the hammer of the gun at saying these words out loud for the first time. “That’s why I was reborn here.”
Andrea turned to face Leonine. “Is that true?”
Leonine’s expression was incredulous. As he spoke, his voice was as smooth and sharp as Rowan remembered. “I think you left out an important part of the story. Like who shot first.”
“Oh, please. You needed to be punished for what you did. I was merely the executioner.”
Leonine stepped forward, seemingly without thinking about it. His face was livid. “You stormed into my apartment! You accused me of a crime and didn’t give me a chance to defend myself!”
Rowan was unyielding. “It doesn’t matter what the explanation is. You were guilty, and you deserved what you got. Now tell me why I shouldn’t kill you right here, just for sending me into this lifetime.”
“I will if you put down the gun.”
“Fine.” Rowan turned her hand sideways, opening up her fingers. The gun sped away, disappearing into the nearest shadow.
She sat down on the dark blue couch that was set back against the garage wall, crossing her arms and one leg over the other.
“I’m waiting,” she said expectantly.
Leonine rolled his eyes angrily as the others came into the garage and sat down on the couch and floor. Rowan gave Andrea an apologetic glance before turning her attention back to Leonine.
He opened his mouth, but Rowan stood up, raising her hands to silence him.
“Wait,” she said. “First, I’m going to tell them my side of the story, and then you can tell me yours.”
Leonine looked like he was about to object, but Rowan gave him a threatening glare. He put his hands up defensively and leaned against the wall next to the couch.
Rowan began to recount the tales of her previous lifetime, sending baleful glances in Leonine’s direction as she spoke. “A good number of Forevers, including myself, live mainly at a place on the coast, not far from here. There, it was reported that Forevers had been turning up dead all over the country. And, when I say dead, I mean they weren’t being reborn. They were gone for good. I’ll explain how that works later, but, long story short, there’s only one weapon that can kill us permanently.
“Anyway, I investigated the situation, and found that they were being killed by a group of people called the ‘Pure’. They’re an organization of extremists that are out to rid the world of our kind, because we aren’t human.” Rowan spit the word out like it was poison. She hated the Pure. “I tracked down where they got the weapons from, and found him.” She pointed at Leonine. “He was selling them to the Pure. He was responsible for the deaths of countless Forevers, and twenty years ago, I made him pay for it.”
Leonine looked angry, but he just raised his eyebrows. “Are you done?”
Rowan shrugged. She’d made her point, and the looks on her friends’ faces supported that theory. She took Leonine’s place against the wall while he made his way to the middle of the garage.
“First,” Leonine said, “let me give you a little backstory. I was born in New York, in 1826. My mom died when I was five, and my dad kicked me out when I was sixteen. He said I was worthless and a burden to keep under his roof.”
Rowan felt a flicker of sympathy at his words. She beat it back, not wanting to feel sorry for him.
Leonine continued. “I was living on the streets from then on, until my twenty-first birthday, when I was attacked in the dead of night in some random alleyway I barely remember deciding to go down. It was so dark that I never saw the guy’s face. When it happened, I felt weightless, like a spirit or something, and I thought I was dead. Then, suddenly, I was in a completely different part of the city.
“The first object I pulled out of a shadow was an accident, but it told me what I could do. I didn’t know what I was, and I’ve been trying to research it ever since I got my memory back.” Rowan saw his eyes go to Andrea. “That’s why I stayed with Dad. I’d thought I’d found someone like me nearby, and I would be able to learn more, but I was wrong.
“A little over twenty years ago, I was approached by a member of this so-called Pure. He showed me a picture of a dagger, and told me that my kind could make them. He told me his people would pay me a ridiculous amount of money for a few large orders of these knives.” He shot a dark glance at Rowan. “That’s my explanation. I was never taught anything about what we are, and who the Pure are, so I had no idea what I was doing when I sold them the blades.”
Rowan stepped away from the wall. “I understand that, but it doesn’t excuse the fact that so many of us died because of you. That’s why I killed you.”
“Well, I don’t agree with your decision, but it’s too late to change it. Truce?”
Rowan stared at Leonine’s extended hand, unwilling to take it. After a moment, though, she did. “Fine. Just don’t expect me to stop hating you. I lost a lot of friends because of you.”
Rowan felt like a wall was inside her as Leonine stared into her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “For your friends…and for shooting you in the back.”
Rowan wore a smirk for a fleeting second, then it disappeared. “Don’t give me a reason to reconsider killing you,” she warned.
Leonine slipped back a few steps. “Noted.”
“Now,” Rowan said. “I may not trust you, but I’m going to need your help anyways. I have to find out some more information before I can go home.” She pulled out the itinerary she’d taken from her captor, looking at Alison as she unfolded it and held it up. “The man that took us was a member of the Pure. He would have headed to the place listed here after he got what he wanted, but he didn’t realize that his organization was punishing him by sending him after me. I need to go here and find out why they sent him.”
Alison’s earlier anger had obviously subsided, because Rowan could only hear curiosity in her voice now. “I thought he wanted something called the ‘Sireblade’.”
Rowan ignored the confusion on everyone’s faces. “You’re right about that, but it’s unclear why they wanted it in the first place.” She looked at Leonine, trying to reign back the accusations that were threatening to break through. “You killed me before I could find out what happened to the Sireblades you sold them. If they still have those—which is probably the case—then I’m not sure why they would need the Sireblade at all.”
Leonine leaned against the wall, folding his arms across his rather broad chest. He smirked. “So. Where are we headed?”
Rowan didn’t return the smile, but, in spite of who he was, she knew she would need his help with this.
“Ireland.”

CHAPTER SEVEN:

“Absolutely not.”
“Rowan—”
“No.”
Kaitlyn tried not to laugh as she watched the ongoing argument between Andrea, Alison, and Rowan. Kaitlyn wanted to go with Rowan and Leonine to unravel this mystery just as much as the rest of the group did, but Rowan was currently refusing to allow it.
“It’s too dangerous. You aren’t coming with us.”
“That’s not your decision,” Alison protested. “And after what that man almost did to me, I think I’m perfectly aware of the danger involved.”
“I’d think that because of what happened, you shouldn’t want to go.”
“But I do, and so I am.”
“And so am I,” Andrea added. Kaitlyn looked at her curiously. She wasn’t used to seeing this kind of fierceness in her friend. It was apparently a side of her she only let Kaitlyn’s brother see, because Ethan was watching his girlfriend with a slight smirk on his face.
Neither side of the fight was backing down, so Kaitlyn spoke up from where she sat on the couch. “I want to go,” she said quietly.
She met Ethan’s alarmed expression without looking away. She could see the protectiveness in her brother’s eyes, but she was firm in her decision.
“If it’s as risky as Rowan says it is, I don’t want you or Andrea anywhere near it,” Ethan protested.
“I know,” she said. “But, like it or not,”—she directed her gaze toward Rowan—“we’re involved in this now. And I want to see it through.”
Silence fell over the room. Kaitlyn was right, and she could see the others, Rowan included, beginning to accept that fact.
“Okay,” Rowan said, straightening her shoulders. “I’m not asking anyone to go, but if you want to, I won’t stop you.”
“I’m going too, then,” Danny said confidently.
“Well, I won’t let Andrea and Katie go without me,” Ethan said.
The only one left was Shy. Kaitlyn couldn’t read the expression on her face. It appeared to hold mostly reluctance, but there was something else, something she couldn’t place.
After a moment, Shy sighed, biting her lip. “I’ll go.” She smiled. “After all, I can’t be the only one left behind, can I?”
“All right, then,” Rowan said. “I don’t like this, but it is what it is. We’ll have to take two cars.” She turned to Leonine. “I trust you’ll be able to drive the second one?”
One of Leonine’s eyebrows shot up. “Is that a trick question?”
Kaitlyn bit her lip against the curious questions inside her as she watched Rowan and Leonine work. Despite the obvious tension between the two of them, they seemed to move in easy synchronization. The garage they were in was big enough to hold two cars, though there was only one currently inside it, parked at the left side of the space.
Leonine was helping Rowan set up three tall lamps they had found in the house. As they turned each one on, Kaitlyn noticed the shadow thrown by the car get darker and longer, morphing into slightly different shapes. When the two Forevers seemed satisfied with the shadow, they moved around to stand at either end of it.
“You first,” Rowan said, the sound of a challenge in her voice.
“Funny,” Leonine shot back. “It almost sounds like you don’t think I can do it.”
“Oh, you think?” Rowan muttered.
“What was that?”
“Nothing. Hurry up. We don’t have all the time in the world.”
Kaitlyn laughed under her breath. They were fighting like an old married couple.
Rowan whipped her head around to glare at her. “I’ll hit you. Don’t think I won’t just because Ethan’s here.”
Kaitlyn twined her fingers, putting her hands in her lap and pressing her lips together.
Rowan gave a quick nod and turned back to Leonine, who had already set to work.
He had his hands suspended over the immense shadow, with his palms facing down and his fingers spread slightly. Kaitlyn turned her gaze onto the shadow instead of him, because something had started to peek out from the dark surface.
It was white.
Well, white and black, actually. The further it emerged from the shadow, the easier it became for Kaitlyn to identify what it was. Her breath came out in an awed huff as she realized it was a car.
It was sleek and it looked fast, even though it was completely still. It was white, but accompanied by dual black stripes that ran from between the headlights to the taillights. The roof slid up and down in a low curve, but the rest of the design was angular—even the headlights. The interior looked like it was made of black leather. It was a car that would have sold for serious cash if someone were to buy it.
When it was fully out of the shadow, Leonine held it up in the air for a moment, showing it off to the group.
“Please move your car so I can make mine,” Rowan said, annoyed.
“Jealous?” Leonine countered. “Bet you can’t make one better than this.”
“Like I said, move your car so I can show you how it’s done,” she said, her lips curving into a somewhat wicked smile.
Leonine made the car float outside the still-open garage door and settle in the driveway. Kaitlyn leaned forward eagerly, wanting to see Rowan’s answer to the challenge that Leonine had just offered.
Something was coming out of the shadow now, Kaitlyn could tell that much. The problem was that the color of it was so dark, it nearly blended with the shadow itself. Rowan raised it out of the dark expanse slowly, and as she did, Kaitlyn was able to see the shape. Unlike Leonine’s car, this one was curvilinear, with contours that rose and fell along the sides. The headlights were raised slightly on curved platforms above the rest of the hood, and followed lines that curled around the tires seamlessly. The windows were tinted dark, nearly as black as the rest of the exterior, so Rowan flicked her hand, opening the door and showing the group the red-and-black leather inside.
Kaitlyn shot a glance at Leonine, who was leaning against the hood of his flashy new car. His arms were folded and his stance was relaxed and uncaring, but his face held a different story. His lips were pressed together and screwed up to the side, and his eyes were widened slightly. As she watched, he took a deep breath and sighed abruptly.
Kaitlyn looked back and Rowan, who was smirking at Leonine. It was clear she’d won this round.
Rowan floated the car outside and behind Leonine’s, turning it sideways and putting it in the street. Kaitlyn was sure that if it weren’t for the light of the moon, Rowan’s car would have blended into the darkness.
“One last thing, before we leave,” Rowan said.
Kaitlyn looked up curiously. What surprises could possibly still exist at this point?
Rowan held up something about the size of her hand, and was as black as her car: a cell phone.
“Everyone needs to call their parents,” she said with a grim expression.
Kaitlyn bit her lip. How would she explain the situation to her mother? To her father?
Rowan caught her eye. “Just tell them that you found me, and that I’m okay. Tell them that you’re all helping me track down some old friends. Keep it simple.”
Kaitlyn nodded, trying to reassure herself. She took a deep breath, taking her phone out of her pocket. She scrolled through her contacts until she found her home number.
Her mother was worried, that much was obvious—and understandable. She calmed her down, getting Ethan to help her as they explained that they had found Rowan, and that she was calling her own mother now. They told her that they were helping Rowan find some old friends. Their father, who they found was also in the room, took the phone from their mother. He told Ethan to keep himself and Kaitlyn safe, and Ethan promised to do so. Their mother got the phone back, told them that she loved them, and said goodbye.
When Kaitlyn looked up at Rowan again, she was just hitting the “End” button on her phone. She looked resigned as she stared at the dark screen in her hand. Kaitlyn got up and walked to her side.
“Are you okay?”
Rowan glanced at her, not seeming totally aware that Kaitlyn was even there. “Yes. She knew that I would be leaving one day…just…neither of us expected it to be this soon.”
Kaitlyn opened her mouth to say something, but Rowan shook her head. “This isn’t the first time I’ve dealt with this. My mom knows that.”
Kaitlyn turned, and saw Leonine bent over a table at the back of garage.
“What is he doing?” she whispered to Rowan.
“Writing a note for his dad.”
She nodded. “Oh.”
Leonine clicked the top of the pen, throwing it onto the table and clapping his hands together.
“Well, then. What are we waiting for?”

CHAPTER EIGHT:

Leonine raced down the dark street, making an effort to keep up with Rowan’s car, which threatened to disappear into the night.
He heard a soft tapping noise, and glanced sideways. Ethan’s fingers were drumming on the door handle.
“Your car will be fine at my dad’s house, you know. I explained it all in the note I left.”
“That’s not what I’m thinking about.”
“Then what is?”
Ethan was silent for a moment, and Leonine took the opportunity to steal a look in his rearview mirror. Since there had been eight of them, the numbered split between cars had been obvious. Andrea, Alison, and Kaitlyn had gone with Rowan, and Ethan, Danny, and Shy had gone with him. Ethan had obviously wanted to go with his girlfriend and his sister, but Alison had wanted to stick with her cousin. Leonine couldn’t imagine the pull. He was getting more annoyed with Rowan by the second.
Ethan spoke, pulling Leonine out his thoughts. “Why did you sell them those daggers? If you can take anything from a shadow, why couldn’t you just take out the money?”
Leonine sighed. This was a question he’d been asking himself ever since he’d regained his memories. “Well, for one thing, it would be a bad idea to pull any type of currency out of a shadow. Introducing a huge amount of money into circulation is a great way to draw unwanted attention to yourself. Nowadays, it means government involvement. I wanted the money from them because…well, when I grew up, I was living in poverty. After my dad kicked me out, I had nothing.
“From where I was in the city, all I saw was that you needed money to get anywhere in life, to find some kind of happiness. Even after I became a Forever, I’d never stopped believing that. I’ve lived with that for almost two hundred years now. I guess it took getting shot for me to realize the truth.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Leonine saw Ethan smirk.
“I guess you have Rowan to thank for that,” Ethan said.
Leonine sighed again. “I guess so, though you won’t catch me saying that to her face anytime soon.”
There was a scoff from the backseat.
“What was that?” Leonine asked sarcastically.
It was Shy who answered. “Nothing.”
Leonine let it go, trying to hold back a yawn, but failing entirely. He reached for the long-range walkie-talkie Rowan had given him before they’d left. He pressed the button on the side as he spoke.
“Are you getting tired? I’m thinking we should stop for the night soon.” He released the button as he waited for her reply. It was a minute before there was an answer.
“Yes,” Rowan said, sounding reluctant. “I don’t want to waste time, but we can’t ignore the fact that we need sleep. If we run into a fight, I want to be alert.”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
“Agreeing with me? That doesn’t sound like your style.”
“And just what do you know about my style?”
“More than I’d like to at this point.”
“Is that so?”
“Oh, get over yourself. There’s a few hotels off the next exit. Let’s stop there.”
“Got it.”

Rowan absentmindedly turned the wheel of the car, driving down a rather curvy road with the sun shining overhead. She was grateful she’d thought to include tinted windows. They’d been driving for a few days now, and they were nearly to the east coast. She couldn’t wait to get there and show them just what her car could do.
She looked casually in her rearview mirror. Leonine was following close behind, and she could see him clearly in the driver’s seat. When her eyes reached his face, she saw that he was looking right at her. He managed to flash a white smile before Rowan quickly turned her attention back to the road, clicking her teeth together. She couldn’t stand him.
She noticed the exit they needed to take was right up ahead. She got into the farthest right lane, following the road after the off-ramp and taking various left and right turns, until she came to a parking lot in front of an empty beach. She reached over to Alison, shaking her shoulder.
“Alison, wake up. It’s time to go.”
“Hmm?” Alison murmured. Her eyes were still half-closed as Rowan dragged her out of the car. Andrea and Kaitlyn helped hold her as she slowly woke up. Alison laughed tiredly once she was able to stand on her own.
Shy and the boys got out of the other car, walking over to the rest of the group.
“Get rid of your car,” Rowan told Leonine.
“Why?” he asked indignantly.
“If you made it once, you can make it again,” Rowan reminded him. “Now get rid of it. Over there.” She pointed at a cliff across the sand that was casting a big enough shadow.
Leonine lifted one hand, and the entire car moved with it. He flicked his fingers, sending the vehicle flying toward the shadow, where it proceeded to crash into the side of the cliff. He slid his hand back a few inches and the car fell and disappeared.
“Ooh,” everyone said at the same time.
“Tough break, man,” Ethan said.
Leonine didn’t answer for a minute. “It was such a nice car.”
“Will it still be like that if you take it out of the shadow again?” Andrea asked curiously.
“No,” he answered. “It will come out like new.”
They all stood in silence for a moment, staring in the direction the car had gone.
“You know, I’m not sure I’ll be able to get used to that,” Alison said, wide-eyed.
Rowan laughed. “Then I’d close my eyes for this next part if I were you.”
She looked down at her hand, where she was holding a tiny black box. On it was a red button that took up nearly all of the space on top. She pressed it, directing everyone’s attention toward her car.
Rowan watched their expressions with a curious sensation of pride as the car began to transform.
The middle of the car seemed to be stretching, extending itself become just a little bit longer. It lifted off the ground a few feet, and the tires lowered and turned sideways, sliding back and tucking themselves away under the car. The doors on the left side disappeared, leaving only one large window, while the ones on the right side morphed into one, opening up from the lowermost point. She laughed again as the others stood on their toes to peer inside. She knew they were seeing the third row of seats that had just appeared in the back.
Rowan pressed a smaller button on the side of the box. There was a collective gasp as three wings separated themselves from the shiny black surface at the back end of the car: one stood vertically on top, and the other two had slid out from either side. Small circular pipes emerged from the rear underside of the car.
“I call copilot,” Leonine called from beside the car. When Rowan looked at him, he winked.
Rowan rolled her eyes. “Well, you’ve probably picked up some flight experience in the last two hundred years.”
She expected him to send back a witty remark, but he was silent. She searched his face, but he wouldn’t meet her eyes.
“nice necklace,” he said.
She froze. With everything that had happened recently, she’d forgotten she was wearing the small lion-head pendant. She looked down, and saw that it was still hanging around her neck, gleaming in the light of the sun.
“Is there something you want to share with the class, guys?” Andrea asked, folding her arms across her chest.
Leonine cleared his throat. “Before she died, my mother left me a letter, and in it, she told me how I got my name. When she’d been pregnant with me, she went into a shop to buy some food, and she’d found that necklace”—he pointed at the lion-head—“hanging on a hook inside. When she’d brought it to the storeowner, he’d said, ‘Yes, such a leonine little charm, isn’t it?’ She wrote how she’d loved hearing that word, and how she’d wanted to make it my name.
“Twenty years ago, I’d kept it hidden under a floorboard in my apartment. I went back last year to find it, but it was gone…. Now I can see why.”
The entire time he talked, his eyes never left the necklace. Rowan was hesitant to say why she had it, but she knew he was waiting for an explanation.
“I beat you by a couple of years,” she admitted. “I went back to your apartment to look for any information that would help me find you. Any place you might go once you reached age twenty-one. I wasn’t finding anything, though, until I hit that loose floorboard. I didn’t know why it was so important to you, but I took it as a reminder.” She reluctantly met his gaze. “A reminder to find you and kill you for killing me.”
“I get it…even though you killed me first,” Leonine said.
Rowan unclasped the necklace, putting it in one hand and holding it out to him.
He shook his head. “Keep it. It looks good on you.”
Rowan ignored his smirk, gesturing toward the hovering vehicle.
“After you.”

CHAPTER NINE:

Andrea clutched the armrest as the flying car began to make its descent.
“Everyone stay in your seats when we land,” Rowan called out. “The car will lose the wings but keep the extra row of seats. We’ll be driving it to where we’re headed.”
Andrea smiled as the front of the car tipped downward suddenly. She loved the thrill of flying, especially in a vehicle this fast. Rowan and Leonine were obviously enjoying it, too. Andrea could hear the two of them whoop from the control seats in front of her.
They were gathering speed, and Andrea could see the ground getting closer and closer through the tinted windows. Her breath started to draw in quicker at the sight of the ever-approaching pavement. She may have loved adrenaline, but even she could see the danger of the angle they were tilted at.
“Hey, guys? I really don’t want to die today,” Shy called from the last row of seats.
Andrea heard her brother snort, and rolled her eyes. Growing up with him, he’d more or less always acted like this, but it was somehow more annoying in this case, surrounded by her friends.
“Ow!” she said involuntarily. The car had leveled itself without warning, and she could hear everyone but the pilots grumbling about the jarring motion.
The rest of the movement was gentle as the tires regained their normal position and floated to the ground. Andrea couldn’t even feel it when the tires met the blacktop.
She looked out the window, and saw that they were on the coast again, but since she’d never been to Ireland before, she had no idea which part. She stared out the front window eagerly as they drove down roads and through forests. Rowan hadn’t told them where they were headed, exactly, but from the directions they were taking, it looked to be somewhere in the very middle of Ireland itself.
The car stopped.
“Everyone out,” Rowan said.
Andrea was the closest to the door and the first to exit, so she was the first one to look around in confusion. They were in the middle of a forest, and, looking down, she saw that they had left the road behind.
“Where are we?” she asked once Rowan was outside the car.
Rowan wasn’t paying attention. She was turned toward the car with the black box from earlier in her hand again. Andrea saw her press another small button on its surface, and the car began to change once more.
Andrea stared as the car folded in on itself, contracting here and there, finding any bit to absorb until it was smaller than the control box. Rowan smiled, picking up the little metal square off the ground and putting it in her pocket.
“I have to admit it. I’m impressed,” Leonine said.
“Don’t get soft on me now,” Rowan countered. “Let’s go. And everyone needs to be as quiet as possible from here on out.”
Andrea was suddenly conscious of every sound her footsteps made. She began to watch the forest floor, stepping in different spots to make sure she didn’t make any noise. They’d been walking into gradually thicker undergrowth for about a mile when she decided to ask. She had just opened her mouth, however, when Rowan spoke.
“What?”
Andrea froze. She’d been about to inquire if they were there yet, and was overcome with the paranoid thought that Rowan had read her mind. But Rowan wasn’t looking at her. She was bent in front of a line of bushes at the top of the hill they were climbing, peering through the leaves.
Andrea ran forward as quickly and quietly as she could to see what was going on. When she put her fingers through the branches and pulled them aside, she was met with a sight that sent a chill down her spine, even though she didn’t know what it was.
At the top of the hill, there was a plateau. It was a large expanse that was entirely clear of trees, but full of something else.
In the clearing stood a gargantuan multilevel compound. It had a cold metal exterior, which was guarded by several figures in black around the perimeter. Each of these men held the same thing.
Guns.
Andrea leaned back to look at Rowan, who was surveying the compound through a small pair of binoculars.
“Where did you—?” Andrea started to say, but then she caught sight of a nearby shadow, and knew exactly where Rowan had procured the field glasses.
“This is impossible,” Rowan muttered. “There’s no way they could have come this far in the last twenty years. Even with Leonine’s Sireblades. It doesn’t make sense….”
At her words, Andrea looked back through the leaves. There was something she hadn’t noticed until now. On the front of the building, attached near the top of the wall, was a large metal circle. The background of it was blood red, and in the middle, connecting at points on the top and the bottom, was a capital letter that was the cleanest shade of white. It was a P.
The Pure.
Short of never having met them, Andrea didn’t feel as much danger as Rowan was clearly sensing, but she had heard enough stories now to know that this situation didn’t mean anything good.
She heard Rowan lean back and sit on the ground, so she did the same. The expression on Rowan’s face gave her that bone-chilling feeling again. She looked…scared. The Rowan she had gotten to know in the last four days didn’t seem one to frighten easily.
“I don’t understand,” Rowan murmured, her voice faraway. The others abandoned the bush as well, gathering closer. “I mean, the Pure have been around almost as long as I have. We didn’t know where they came from, exactly, but they were never like this. They’ve been mostly underground for the last five hundred years. I don’t know how they made this large of a step so quickly. I need to find out why they want the Sireblade.”
“You want to go in there?” Danny said in disbelief. “Are you insane?”
Rowan met his stare with sure eyes. “All I need is a way in.”
She half-turned back to the bushes, then stopped. She put her hand out, and eight handguns lifted out of the nearest shadow. Andrea opened her hands in slight shock as one gun came to rest on them. She picked it up with one hand, feeling the weight of it, of the cool metal against her skin, and she shivered. She’d held a gun before, but never with the thought of having to protect herself.
Rowan pointed at Leonine with her free hand. “You’re coming with me. Everyone else is staying here.”
Andrea felt herself about to object, but stayed silent. The full gravity of the situation was hitting her, and she didn’t want to get killed. She looked at Alison and saw an expression on her face that mirrored her own.
Rowan returned to the bush with the binoculars. After a moment of searching, she chuckled.
“Change of plans. I have a different way of getting in.”
Rowan set the gun on the grass, lifting more objects out of the shadow: a pen, a tiny sheet of paper, and a small crossbow. On the crossbow was an equally petite bolt with a clear tube attached to it.
Andrea read over Rowan’s shoulder as she scrawled a message on the paper and put it in the tube. Meet me on the other side of the southeast hill, it said. She signed it with an “R”.
Rowan moved the crossbow to the bush, pushing it through the leaves and tilting her head slightly. Andrea watched her take a deep breath and hold it in.
She pulled the trigger.

CHAPTER TEN:

“Rowan? Where are you?” a voice whispered.
Ethan leaned back on his heels, his hand tight around Andrea’s as they hid behind a tree. Rowan had told them to wait until she had met with this mystery person to come out. His free hand gripped the handle of his gun, which was now in a holster at his side—he’d convinced Rowan to make him one.
They were on the far side of the hill Rowan had taken them to, crouching behind different parts of the dense greenery. Ethan glanced upward now and then to check on his sister, who was hiding in the branches of a nearby tree.
As the newcomer approached, Ethan was able to make out what he looked like. He was about Kaitlyn’s height, maybe an inch taller, with brown hair and darker brown eyes. His walk was cautious, and his gaze kept sweeping the trees, like he was expecting something bad to happen.
Ethan watched as Rowan emerged from her hiding place, wanting to be out there with her in case something went wrong.
Andrea was his girlfriend and Kaitlyn was his sister, so he’d always felt a certain protectiveness around them. Being around the other girls was no different; Rowan, Shy, and Alison were like his sisters. He didn’t want anything bad to happen to them if he had anything to say about it. That was how he was raised.
He looked past Andrea to her brother, who sat about ten feet away from them. Despite their conversation in the car at the beginning of the trip, he wasn’t sure if he trusted him or not. It was hard to believe that Leonine really had no idea he’d been selling weapons to the enemy of his own kind. For Andrea’s sake, he hoped he was wrong about him.
“Were you followed?” Rowan asked.
“Not as far as I know.”
Ethan heard Rowan sigh. “Okay, everyone. Come on out.”
He stood up, pulling Andrea along with him as they made their way into the small opening in the trees. He kept his hand on the gun, wary of someone who was dressed as the rest of the guards at the compound, even if Rowan seemed to trust him.
“This is Ben Price,” Rowan said, gesturing toward the boy. She didn’t give any further introduction as she turned to face him again. “What in the world is going on over there?”
Ben shrugged. “You probably know as much as I do at this point.”
“Why do they want the Sireblade?” she asked.
Ben’s expression looked alarmed. “What?”
“They sent a member after me, and he wanted it, but I have no clue why,” she said. “Especially since they got all they needed in the way of Sireblades twenty years ago,” she added in an exhausted voice.
“Yeah, that doesn’t make sense. Speaking of which, do you want to explain why he’s here?” Ben asked accusingly, pointing at Leonine. “You went after him and never came back.”
Rowan glared in Leonine’s direction. “I caught up with him and carried out his punishment, to which he returned the favor.”
Ben looked incredulous now. “And he’s still breathing?”
Rowan shrugged. “The surprises just keep on coming, don’t they? Regardless, what else have you found out?”
“Nothing. I didn’t even know they wanted the Sireblade. It was difficult to work my way in to even the lowest ranks. Avery had to help me cover my tattoo, and the entire time, she kept complaining about the fact that Owen had told me to go instead of her.”
Rowan laughed. “That sounds like Avery.”
Ben chuckled. “I told her that she wasn’t careful enough for something like this. If they still have those Sireblades, then she definitely would have gotten herself killed.”
Rowan bit her lip.
Ben nodded and continued. “Besides that, though, they seem to keep all of the real information locked up in the highest parts of the pyramid. I don’t think they trust me enough to let me climb the ladder that high. Either that, or it would take so long that they would start to notice my lack of aging. I was planning to cut ties pretty soon, so you showed up at the perfect time. Who are your friends?”
Rowan gestured around the circle as she spoke. “You know Leonine, sort of, but this is Danny, Shy, Alison, Kaitlyn—”
Ben cut her off, smiling and stepping forward with his hand extended. “How do you do, Kaitlyn? I’m Ben.”
Kaitlyn chuckled, shaking his hand. “You can call me Katie, and I did happen to catch your name five minutes ago.”
He kept smiling, not letting go of her hand. “Katie. I like it.”
Ethan cleared his throat, squaring his shoulders. “And I’m her brother, Ethan.”
Ben let go of Kaitlyn’s hand so fast Ethan almost didn’t see the movement. “Hello, sir. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Ethan laughed, shaking Ben’s hand. “I’m just messing with you. Relax.”
Ben smiled a little again, but didn’t look entirely convinced. Ethan was satisfied with that.
“And this is my girlfriend, Andrea,” he said, looking down at the girl he loved.
Andrea rolled her eyes up at him, smirking as she held out her hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Ben.”
Rowan put her hand on Ben’s shoulder, and though her expression didn’t change, she started speaking in such a low voice that Ethan could barely hear her.
“Ben, are you seeing what I’m seeing?”
Ben kept a too-carefully arranged smile on his face. “You mean the line advancing from the top of the hill? I’m aware.”
“Everyone keep calm,” Rowan said, slightly louder. “On my signal, I want everyone to run as fast as they can, but stay together.”
Ethan met Andrea’s eyes, and she looked alarmed, but not scared. He could feel her tense up as they readied themselves. Then Rowan shouted.
“Go!”
The entire group was off like a rocket, just as gunfire began to rain through the trees. Ethan ran as fast as he could, making sure Andrea and Kaitlyn were in front of him at all times. He looked quickly behind him, where he could see Rowan and Ben, who were ducking behind trees and sending bullets back. It was fascinating to watch them; years of experience had obviously made them a powerful duo.
Ethan froze.
A shot had gone off right next to him.
He looked to the left. One of the Pure guards had just fallen to the ground, blood pooling out from his body. He stared in shock at Andrea, who was holding the gun that had killed the figure now lying on the forest floor. He rushed to stand in front of her, taking in her wide eyes, the tear rolling down her cheek.
“Did I kill him?” she whispered in a broken voice, staring at the guard.
Ethan put his hands on her shoulders. “You did what you had to do.”
She met his eyes. “That—”
“Get down!”
Ethan fired a round past her, and saw another guard drop, collapsing against a tree.
“Keep running!” Rowan shouted from behind them.
Ethan took Andrea’s hand and bolted. As he ran, he noticed something in front of him: little red drops that stained the ground every few feet.
Someone was injured. But who?
Their footsteps halted when they reached a cliff. It had a sheer drop that ended in crashing waves. He looked at Rowan, wondering if she had any more tricks up her sleeve.
Apparently she did. She reached in her pocket and pulled out the black metal square that had been the flying car. She threw it into the air in front of her, pressing the red button on the control box.
The square expanded rapidly, unfolding into larger corners and curves until it was the car they had travelled here in. The wings were the last to emerge from the surface as the door on the side opened.
No one needed prompting as they poured into the vehicle. Leonine wedged himself on the floor between the control chairs and the middle row of seats as Ben took control of the copilot chair.
There was a loud hammering sound of metal on metal as several bullets pelted the car. The window on the left side shattered.
Rowan threw a lever forward and the car roared to life. Ethan held tight to the side of his seat as the plane lifted from the ground, heading for the cliff.
She flew them over it, and they were gone.

CHAPTER ELEVEN:

Rowan steered the flying car at dangerous angles, wanting to put as much distance between them and the Pure as possible.
“We have to land somewhere! She’s lost a lot of blood!” someone shouted from the back of the car.
Ice cold fear gripped Rowan’s heart as she turned the car, aiming for a stretch of trees. This was exactly why she didn’t want them to come. She didn’t want to lose any of them, not like this.
She landed roughly on the grass, grazing a few trees on the way. She hit a button on the dashboard, and the door opened.
“Get her outside!” Rowan shouted as she jumped out of the car. She waited in agony as everyone trailed out behind her.
One of the last people to emerge was Shy, and she was carrying someone else with her.
Alison.
Rowan rushed forward, taking Alison in her arms and sinking to the ground. Alison’s breathing was heavy and slow, and as she moved her hand from her torso, Rowan could see blood spreading fast. She lifted her cousin’s shirt high enough to see the wound. It was a small round hole just under her chest, and crimson liquid was seeping out of it.
Rowan felt her cousin’s hand close around a fistful of her shirt. Tears spilling down her cheeks, she met Alison’s eyes.
“Am I dying?” she asked, her voice breaking in several places.
Rowan put her free hand on the side of Alison’s face.
“I am so sorry,” she whispered. “This never should have happened.”
Alison shook her head. “It’s not your fault. It was my choice to come here.” She smiled weakly. “I love you, siscah.”
Rowan half-laughed, half-cried at the sound of the familiar Mickkname. They’d created it to describe the sister-cousin bond they shared. “I love you, too, siscah.”
Alison drew in a shaky breath, her eyes closing. Rowan waited, but they didn’t open again.
She wrapped her arms around Alison, pulling her up and hugging her tight. She didn’t care who heard her as she sobbed loudly, tears falling freely at the loss of her cousin. She could hear quiet crying from the others around her as she wept.
She felt a hand on her shoulder, and automatically cringed away from it. She assumed it was Ben, and she didn’t want his comfort or his pity right now. She wanted to grieve, though she knew she wasn’t handling this well.
“Rowan,” a quiet voice said. It belonged to the hand that had touched her, and she recognized it as Leonine’s.
She drew back slightly, kissing Alison’s forehead before laying her gently on the grass. She stood up slowly, turning to face him. The front of her shirt was soaked with blood.
“Do you understand now?” She spat the words at him. “Do you understand how badly you screwed up by selling those people your Sireblades? Is the situation clear enough for you now?”
Her hands balled up into fists, and without meaning to, she started to hit Leonine in the chest, repeatedly. Through her watery eyes, she could see the sympathy on his face. He was taking the senseless attack in silence.
When her blows faltered, he closed the distance between them, wrapping his arms around her. She was in too much despair to protest. Her hands clutched at his back as she sobbed onto his shoulder, broken sounds still tearing their way from her throat.
Leonine didn’t say anything, but only held her as she let her emotion out.
They buried Alison right in the spot where she’d died. Rowan had taken two sticks she’d found and tied them together with a vine, into the shape of a cross. She stuck it upright at the head of her cousin’s grave.
They stood around the burial site in silence as Rowan said a few last words. “In the past five hundred years, I have buried more people than I can count. This girl should not have been one of them. Not this soon.” She looked behind her, as if she could see past the trees, to the Pure compound. “I’ll make them pay for this.”
The group said nothing. She knew what had to happen, and they obviously knew they couldn’t change her mind.
“We need to go home. To my home,” she said. “I’ll get us a new ride.”
She took one last look at Alison’s grave before she turned and walked into the trees.

Leonine stood looking at the ground, still reeling from the pain he’d felt radiating from Rowan.
He turned to Ben. “Can I ask you something?”
Ben didn’t look like he wanted to talk to him, but he sighed and responded anyway. “I guess.”
“Why does she hate the Pure so much?”
Ben looked incredulous, nodding toward the ground. “You mean, aside from the obvious?”
Leonine shook his head. “I mean, before this. She seemed to really hate them, even more than you seem to.”
Ben sighed again. “I’m not sure I should be telling you this….”
Leonine felt a pleading expression overtake his face. “Please. I want to know why.”
Ben seemed to deliberate for a moment, then took Leonine aside, away from the close earshot of the rest of the group. “Around 1850, Rowan was reborn to a former Pure member.”
Leonine was confused at the word “former”. “What do you mean?”
“Apparently, he’d left the organization because he’d thought their views were a little extreme. He believed in Forevers, but he couldn’t find anything wrong with them. That is, until, his wife died giving birth to Rowan.”
“Oh, no,” Leonine muttered.
“Yeah. He completely flipped, rejoining the Pure and plotting against her. The day before she turned twelve, he took her deep inside a coal mine, blindfolded. He left her in a complicated web of tunnels with a small bag of food, telling her that if she made it out, she would be allowed to live. She was terrified, even when she regained her memories. She had no idea how to get out, and she had a limited food supply.”
Leonine was still confused. “That’s horrible. But I don’t understand. She could have made enough food to last until she found her way out.”
Ben had a look of disbelief. “Who turned you?”
“I have no idea,” Leonine said. “Why?”
“That explains why you don’t know anything, I guess, but I’m surprised you haven’t found out the truth yourself in all this time. A ring of coal around any one of us acts as a power blocker. Being in a coal mine, she had no ability to make anything.”
Leonine had no words for that. He looked past the line of trees to Rowan, who was dragging a new car out of a shadow with a desolate expression.
Ben spoke, dragging Leonine’s attention back to him. “Trust me. You have no idea what it’s like to feel that powerless. None of us do.”
Leonine looked in Rowan’s direction once more. Ben was right; he’d never felt that helpless, not even when he was human. As he stared at Rowan, he could hear her words: I’ll make them pay for this. He had no doubt that she would follow through on that promise.
And he was determined to help her.

CHAPTER TWELVE:

Andrea stood outside the new car. It was black again, but larger this time.
When she and Rowan were the last ones outside, she stopped her.
“Are you okay?” Andrea asked.
Rowan met her gaze with solemn eyes. “Like I said, I’ve been dealing with death for a long time now.”
Andrea’s eyebrows raised. “It didn’t look like that made it any easier.”
Rowan inhaled a shaky breath. “It’s never easy. But I’ll be okay.”
Andrea stared into her eyes for a long moment, trying to see if Rowan was telling the truth. The girl stared back, and Andrea could see nothing under the surface. She decided to let it go. “Where are we going now? You said ‘home’. Where is it?”
Rowan looked past her, staring out across the cliffs. “Not far from my—I mean our—hometown. It’s in Laguna Beach.” She smiled with the first real warmth Andrea had seen on her face since she’d been kidnapped. “A little place called Shade Cove.”

As they steered toward the western shoreline of the U.S., the coastal stretch of Laguna Beach materialized against the ocean backdrop. Danny leaned close to the window as Rowan pointed out Shade Cove.
It was a length of beach that was less than a quarter of a mile long, nestled between two low cliffs that jutted out into the sea. The water was a soft blue out, growing lighter as it ran inland, until it was emerald green around the edges of the cliffs, and finally frothy white against them.
The car tipped downward, not quite as sharply as when they’d been in Ireland, but enough to make Danny wrap his hands around the seat cushion beneath him. Rowan and Ben parked the winged car on the midpoint of the beach, where there was a smaller cliff set back behind the shoreline. After they all got out, Rowan made the car disappear into the shadow the cliff created.
Danny stared at Rowan as she turned away from the shadow. She looked like she’d just walked out of a horror movie. Her hair was disheveled. Her shirt, though dry now, was stained with blood, and her hands were red with the same substance. Rowan had obviously started to notice this, because she walked to the water and bent down, washing the blood off her palms.
No one said a word as the group followed Rowan and Ben back to the cliff, walking to the shaded side of it. Danny began to look at it more closely. Rowan had said that there were a lot of Forevers in the world, and that a lot of them lived at Shade Cove. The cliff didn’t look big enough to house that many people.
Rowan made her way to a tree at the side of the cliff. It was a small tree, maybe a few feet taller than the girl standing in front of it. Danny moved so he could see what Rowan was doing.
Rowan had pulled back a small square of the bark, on a hinge concealed at the bottom. There was a keypad hidden there, and she typed four numbers into it. Though she carried out the motion quickly, Danny noticed the digits she hit: 1-4-0-0. He didn’t understand the significance of those numbers.
He didn’t have much time to ponder it, however, because something was happening to the cliff.
On its side, close to where the sand met the grass, a door was opening. It cleanly separated itself from the rest of the rock, though Danny hadn’t seen any kind of cracks in that spot a moment ago. When the door was open, he could see that it had a metal frame bolted to the inside.
Rowan entered the doorway first, followed by Ben. Danny was the last one through, and his eyes had trouble adjusting to the sudden darkness. Once they did, he was able to see by the light of the torches on the walls. They were descending a short stone staircase—he could see a concrete floor at the bottom of the steps.
When he reached the end, he could see that they had entered a tiny room, with stone walls and one set of double doors. They were metal, looked heavy, had no handles, and belonged to a large-looking elevator. Ben pushed a button on the wall, and the doors slid open with a loud creaking noise. The fluorescent lights within gave the scene a particularly creepy look, making Danny hesitant to get in. He shook it off, walking forward.
Inside, he could see a red number over the doors, indicating what floor they were on. His confusion flared when he saw that it displayed a 0. Where were they going in this thing?
Rowan was the last to enter, and she pressed a button on the keypad. The elevator came to life, and Danny felt it shift downward. The red digit on the display turned into a 1, and the doors opened.
They walked onto a floor alive with people. It was a cavernous space, with numerous hallways and rooms. The walls, floors, and ceilings were varying shades of white, gray, silver, and black—all glass, stone, and metal. There were high-tech gadgets scattered everywhere.
“Rowan!” someone shouted happily.
Danny’s wondering gaze turned in the direction the voice was coming from. A girl had emerged from one of the hallways. She was the same height as him, and she was built like Rowan: slender, but with a subtle amount of hard muscle—it was easy to see in the lilting way she walked. Despite her muscle, though, she was petite, almost like Kaitlyn, but smaller, somehow.
Her hair was dark blonde, and it fell straight to her collarbones. It was layered around the edges of her face, framing the most beautiful eyes Danny had ever seen. They were a twinkling silver, like you’d expect to see on the scales of a mermaid’s tail. They weren’t looking at him, however.
“It’s Leonine, right?” she said, her voice suspiciously even.
Leonine crossed his arms, a wary expression on his face. “Yes.”
“I’m Avery Dawson.” She held out her hand. “It’s nice to meet you.”
Leonine hesitated, then relaxed his arms, reaching out to accept Avery’s handshake.
What occurred next happened so fast that no one had a chance to stop it. Danny doubted that anyone would have tried.
Avery’s right hand had balled up into a fist, while her other one seized Leonine by the shoulder. In one swift movement, she sent an impressive blow to his stomach, and he curled over. He was wearing a pained expression and leaning against Avery, who had caught him so she could talk into his ear. Danny was standing right next to them, and heard every word.
“That’s for supplying the enemy,” she said. She straightened up, pushing Leonine back to arm’s length and taking on an arrogant grin. “I think we can call it even now.”
Leonine coughed, the redness in his face fading. “I have a feeling I’m going to be infamous in this place.”
Avery rolled her eyes. “I wouldn’t worry about that. Only the Triune knows the information we have on you.”
Leonine’s eyebrow shot up. “The Triune?”
Avery’s face became shocked. She opened her mouth to speak when Rowan stopped her.
“He was turned anonymously. We don’t know who, but they didn’t teach him anything about us,” she said.
Avery looked skeptical for a moment, but shrugged. “So. Who are all of you?”
Rowan made introductions, and when she got to Danny, Avery eyed him curiously.
“What?” he asked.
The twinkle in her silver eyes grew slightly brighter. “You’re cute,” she said in a matter-of-fact tone. She smiled with what Danny thought was a flirtatious edge.
His eyebrows raised. “And you’re bold.”
She shrugged again. “And you’re a quick learner.”
Rowan cleared her throat. “Save it for later, you two. Avery, can you do me a favor?”
“Sure.”
“Where’s Owen?”
“Probably the library. Why?”	
Rowan sighed, a grim look sweeping across her features. “Find him. I want the both of you to meet us in the Core.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN:

Leonine walked behind Rowan with the rest of the group, taking in the scenery.
The entirety of the Shade Cove facility was underground, but it all turned out to be on one large floor. The floor wasn’t level, however. It twisted and turned through several tunnels, some sloping gradually downward, some up. The short tunnels they walked through were made of dark rock, and the lack of light, along with the moisture that seeped from the lower edges of the walls, made the temperatures lower than that of the rooms.
The maze of glass, rock, and metallic surfaces weren’t holding his attention for long, however. His gaze kept drifting to the back of the girl’s head in front of him. From the moment they’d been reunited, he hadn’t been able to stand Rowan. He’d known it had something to do with the fact that she’d killed him twenty years ago, of course, but he’d been convinced there were other reasons.
Now he wasn’t so sure.
When he’d held her in the woods, comforted her when she’d lost part of her family, he’d felt things change between them. When she’d let herself be that vulnerable, it had changed the way he saw her.
As he watched the dark and light brown tones of her hair play in waves down her back, he began to notice something out of the corner of his vision. He turned his head, and saw Ethan watching him with a smirk on his face.
“What?” he asked indignantly.
Ethan shrugged, not letting go of the grin. “Nothing. I just know that look.” He nodded toward Andrea, lowering his voice. “When I first met her, I had that look all the time.”
Leonine looked straight forward. “Not sure what you’re talking about, but okay, then.”
Ethan chuckled. “I’m sure.”
They entered a long tunnel, and the farther they walked, the more Leonine was sure that it had a dead end.
When they were finally in the darkest part of the passageway, they stopped, and Leonine was about to ask where they were when he heard a clicking noise. As his eyes adjusted—as much as they could in this situation—he saw Rowan in front of what looked like a door.
Another click sounded, much louder than its predecessors, and the door swung open, flooding the tunnel with flickering orange light.
“Welcome to the Core,” Rowan said.
In comparison to the parts of Shade Cove they’d seen so far, the Core looked much smaller. It was square-shaped, and looked to be a little less than ten-by-ten feet. What it lacked in size, however, it made up for in grandeur. In the light of the fires—which burned on a pillar in every corner—he could see every detail.
Every surface in the room was made of shining black marble: the walls, the floor, the ceiling, the pillars. As Leonine trailed his fingers along the wall, he noticed bits of another material embedded in the sleek surface.
“Is this…coal?” he asked. He knew now that coal was a power blocker, and he didn’t understand why they would be keeping it in here.
“Yes, it is,” Rowan murmured in an absent tone. Leonine turned, and saw what was standing in the middle of the room. The blonde girl, Avery, was leaning against it.
It was a black marble table, and someone was reclining on it.
It was a man, and he sat up as soon as the door to the room closed. His hair was golden blonde, and it stood in high contrast to his dark green eyes. This was obviously the Owen that Rowan had mentioned earlier.
“Rowan!” Owen said, relief clear on his face. He got off of the table, walking forward. His arms were extended towards Rowan, but he dropped them when he was a foot away from her. His voice was alarmed as he said, “What happened?”
Rowan’s eyes were dead. “It’s not my blood.”
Owen took on a look of complete understanding. He nodded shortly. Leonine felt a flicker of shock. At Alison’s burial, Rowan had said that she’d had to put a lot of people in the ground. He began to wonder just how big that number was—not just for Rowan, but for all of her friends.
“What’s going on?” Owen asked, his expression concerned.
Rowan explained the events of the last few days, her voice sounding more and more frustrated with each detail. When she mentioned Leonine, Owen raised an eyebrow in his direction. Leonine whistled innocently, staring at the ceiling.
Once she finished telling the story, Owen retreated to the marble table, leaning against it and staring hollowly at the floor. After a moment, he looked up at Rowan, taking something out of his pocket and tossing it to her.
“First of all, Mick found that in his lab, and asked me to return it to you,” he said.
Leonine watched curiously as Rowan slid something onto the ring finger of her right hand. As she turned it slightly, he was able to see it in the firelight. It was a signet ring. The band was thin around the underside and wider at the top, with curved etchings all the way around. It was almost completely black, except for the symbol engraved in its square top. It was a small turquoise triangle, and, connected at all three sides, was a black T. In its simplicity, it reminded Leonine of the sign belonging to the Pure—though their symbol was much more sinister in its crimson hue.
Something occurred to him then, and he looked up to confirm it. Sure enough, Owen, Ben, and Avery were all wearing rings identical to Rowan’s. He remembered that Avery had mentioned something called the “Triune”, and realized that these four people were its contents.
“Secondly,” Owen continued, staring at each of the Triune members with a fatherly look. “It seems the Pure have just proved themselves to be a threat. Even though we have handled them easily in the past, from what you’re telling us now, we are going to need a much larger number of Warriors. I believe that it’s time to start recruiting.” He turned his eyes on Rowan, and Leonine couldn’t understand the wordless conversation that passed between them. He looked at her as well, as her expression changed into one of pleading.
“No, Owen. I can’t allow that,” she begged. Leonine watched her in disbelief. With everything that he’d seen from her recently, it was strange to watch her acknowledge someone else’s authority.
Owen’s green eyes grew even darker. “I’m sorry, Rowan. We can’t sit back and wait for them to attack us. We need to be ready.” He stood up straight, his grave stare sweeping the rest of the group. “What I am about to propose is not to be taken lightly. This impending threat calls for the enrollment of new Warriors. These are specially trained Forevers that actively protect the human race—excluding Pure members, of course. When it comes to the Pure, Warriors are here to protect our kind. If any of you are so inclined, we would be honored to welcome you into our forces. However, this does involve turning you into a Forever.
“If you would like to become one of us, but do not want to be a Warrior, we have no problem complying with your request. Endeavoring to be a Warrior can be a dangerous path, especially now, but our fate will depend on it. The choice is yours.”
The room was so quiet, you could have heard a contact lens hit the floor. Leonine stepped away from the wall.
“Seeing as I had a hand in this Pure mess, I should help stop it. You can count on me to be a Warrior.”
The silence returned for a brief moment, and then a clear voice spoke up from the other side of the room.
“I will be a Warrior, as well,” Kaitlyn said, her voice firm and her eyes steady.
Leonine’s eyebrows shot up. He hadn’t pegged the little blonde for a fighter. He guessed he’d come to be in the habit of seeing things incorrectly these days.
One by one, the rest of the group volunteered to become Warriors, until there was only one left. It took Leonine a second to recall her name, but he eventually recognized her as Shy. Her friends were looking at her expectantly, but she was staring at the floor, chewing on her lip.
“No,” she said quietly.
“Shy?” Kaitlyn’s voice was confused.
Shy looked up to meet her eyes, then shifted them to look at Rowan. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to be a Forever. I don’t want to stay twenty-one. I’ll help you in any other way I can…but…not as a Warrior.”
Leonine could see the upset looks on the others’ faces, but it was Rowan who wore an understanding expression.
“That’s her choice, and I support it. She may just be saving her life by rejecting Owen’s offer, and that satisfies me. I want to keep all of you safe, even if the rest of you insist on putting yourselves in the line of fire,” Rowan said.
Shy gave her a small smile.
Rowan continued. “And, if you’re serious about helping us, I think I have the perfect person for you to work with.”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN:

Andrea fell into step in front of Ethan as they followed the others down a new network of tunnels.
Her emotions were warring inside her. She had just agreed to stop her aging process at only twenty-one years old, and train to fight in a war with sides she never even knew existed.
On the one hand, the danger in all of this was obvious. What had happened to Alison had made one thing perfectly clear.
Their safety was not guaranteed.
In all her thoughts, she barely paid attention to where they were going until they entered a new room. The ceiling was the same height as that of the Core, but this room’s dimensions were much larger. The walls and floor were made of misty tiles, all backlit with white light. There were long gray counters spaced around the room, covered with lab equipment: microscopes, glass bottles, multicolored stacks of paper, computers. Music was blaring from multiple sets of speakers.
Andrea’s eyes trailed along the countertops until she saw the only living figure in the room besides them.
“Give me just one second, here,” the man said after he had paused the music.
Rowan laughed. “This is Mick Ellis. Owen met him in 1555, just after we built Shade Cove. He turned him and brought him back to us, and sometime between then and now he requested a lab. He’s a complete lunatic, but he’s a genius.”
Andrea could tell that Mick Ellis was as tall as Ethan, even though he was currently bent over the countertop with vials of blue and red liquid in his hands. His skin was a rich cocoa color, and his hair was dark brown and extremely short, and equally curly. His eyes were the same color as his hair, but had a playful light in them. He was wearing a white lab coat, which was open over his unkempt clothes.
Mick leaned farther down towards the counter, until he was eye-level with a glass tumbler. He slowly tipped the tubes of liquid in his hands downward, and the blue and red colors blended into a bubbling purple. Mick held his position as he set the vials on the counter, staring at the mixture.
It started to foam, and rose quickly up the glass.
“Take cover!” Mick yelled.
Andrea jumped behind the nearest counter, covering her head while Ethan leaned over her.
There was an explosion.
They waited a minute before standing up. The glass tumbler was destroyed; fragments of it were strewn across the countertops and floor. The purple liquid it had contained was splattered on nearly every surface in the room. Andrea couldn’t see Mick anywhere.
That is, until, he popped up from behind a counter.
“It works!” he shouted happily.
Andrea felt her eyebrows raise at the same time a smile appeared on her face. “That was it working?” she said.
Mick’s eyes found hers, and he returned her smile. “Yes, ma’am, it was.” He turned to look at Rowan, keeping the grin on his face. “And to what do I owe this visit? Do you have those drawings I wanted?”
The ends of Rowan’s lips curved up. “Not yet, but I’ll look into it. I’ve brought you some help. This is Shy.”
Shy waved. “Hi.”
Mick waved back, his smile stretching wider. “Well, I never turn down help. Especially beautiful help.”
Shy’s gaze didn’t waver from his as she smirked. Andrea started to chuckle, and then stopped when she saw the dark expression on Rowan’s face.
“What is it?” Mick’s grin faded.
Rowan kept it short. “Let’s just say that the Pure aren’t underground anymore.”
Mick nodded once, motioning to Shy. “Let me show you around.”

Ben put his hands on the black marble table, gripping the edge and jumping up to sit on it. He and Avery had gone with Rowan—it was time to teach the new recruits about the history of the Forevers. Owen had returned to the library, leaving Rowan, Avery, and himself to take care of things.
Ben couldn’t help but stare at the blonde girl sitting on the floor. Kaitlyn had caught his attention from the very first moment. Her ice blue eyes demanded to be looked into.
“Looks like we both have eyes on the new blood,” Avery whispered. She was sitting on the table next to him.
He looked at her, one eyebrow going up. “So you’re after Danny?”
Avery shrugged, looking thoughtful. “Looks that way. You know me.”
Ben nodded. “That I do.”
His eyes shifted to Kaitlyn again, and her eyes met his before she looked down, red coloring her cheeks. When she moved her head, Ben locked eyes with Ethan, who was staring him down.
Ben cleared his throat, looking at the floor.
Avery laughed. “If you keep letting the brother scare you, you’ll never have her.”
Ben snorted. “I’m not scared of him.”
The look on Avery’s face had him backtracking. “Okay, maybe I’m a little intimidated.”
“Again, that won’t help you get the girl.”
Ben shook his head. “I just have to earn his trust. Katie doesn’t seem like the type of girl to be won over by disrespect towards her family.”
Avery tilted her head. “Yeah, I guess I can see that.”
Rowan called everyone’s attention to the side of the room. Behind her was a pedestal, made out of the same material as the rest of the room, and on it was a darkly colored wood-and-iron chest. Rowan rested her hand on the lid while she spoke.
Ben caught sight of Leonine, who was leaning against the wall and watching Rowan. He chuckled under his breath. He knew the guy would have a hard time chasing after Rowan. His longtime friend had gained trust issues from more than just the Pure.
“As you may have noticed,” Rowan said, “only four people in this facility are wearing this symbol.” She held up her hand, displaying her Triune ring. “The three points of the triangle represent Avery, Ben, and myself. The ‘T’ represents Owen. The four of us make up what’s called the ‘Triune’. We built Shade Cove and we oversee it.
“Now, I’ve told you that I was born in 1482, in Ireland, but you don’t know the whole story. Ben, Avery, and I were born within a few years of each other, and we eventually ended up in the same village. There was a building there that had become a refuge for orphaned children. Ben was five when his father brought him there, and he was lost shortly after in the war.”
Ben felt a twinge of sadness, but it was small. He’d heard Rowan and Avery tell these backstories to new recruits too many times to count. They’d agreed long ago that telling this was necessary. They wanted people to know who they were joining, even if it was so revealing.
He met Kaitlyn’s sympathetic gaze and smiled, shrugging slightly.
Rowan continued. “Avery was ten years old. Her mother had racked up a lot of debt with a wealthy family a few towns over. She sold Avery to them as a slave for payment. They accepted, and proceeded to treat her horribly until she escaped to the orphanage.”
Ben didn’t need to look at Avery. He knew her eyes would be locked on the wall with a fierceness in them. She was the poster child for “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.”
“Now for me. Just after I was born, I was left outside the front door of the orphanage with a note pinned to my blankets. The note said ‘Rowan’, and nothing else.”
Ben was familiar with the mystery. When he’d arrived at the home, there were a lot of children, but he’d made instant friends with Rowan. She had never been able to learn even her parents’ names, even after they’d all turned. The only thing they were sure of was that her parents were dead.
“Owen was also at the orphanage as a child, except he was there before us. When he got older, he stayed there to help look after the new children coming in. He got to know the three of us, and saw that we had no one, and that our lives were headed nowhere—nowhere good, at least. He wanted to find a way to take us out of that life, and he went in search of it.
“He had asked around, and eventually started hearing about a cave that was located fifty miles away. It took him a long time, but he found it, and inside was this.” She tapped the chest. “It contains the way to become one of us, and he’d tried it on himself first. When it worked, he’d brought it back to us, and asked us if we wanted to join him.
“I was the first to agree.”
Ben exchanged a smirk with Avery. He knew that this detail was Rowan’s favorite part of the story.
“Fifty years into Forever life, there was a huge fire in a building in the town we were staying in. We were able to get everyone out before it killed all of us. We Resurfaced near here, and decided to set up shop, and turn and teach others.”
“What do you mean by ‘Resurfaced’?” Kaitlyn asked.
Ben jumped at the chance to talk to her, ignoring the expression on Ethan’s face. “It’s the term we use for being reborn.” Without thinking about it, he moved his hands as he explained. “When we die normally—”
“I’ve already told them about that part,” Rowan interjected.
“Did you tell them everything? Did you remember to mention that each set of parents receives more than just us?”
Rowan bit her lip. “Oops.”
Ben chuckled. “You always forget. That’s why I remember. You see, if we die, our shadows go to the next place and we are conceived. Even though we don’t get our memories back until age twelve, the moment our shadow reaches our new set of parents, both of them receive all of the knowledge about what we are and who we are. They know about us before we do.”
Rowan nodded. “The fire was the only time Ben’s ever Resurfaced, Owen was killed once by a Pure member when out recruiting, I’ve Resurfaced four times since the fire, including twenty years ago,”—she glared at Leonine, who stared at the ground—“and, including the fire, Avery has Resurfaced fifteen times.”
The room went quiet as everyone turned to stare at Avery in shock.
“You’ve died fifteen times?” Danny said, concern in his tone.
Avery shrugged, an arrogant grin on her face.
Rowan brought everyone’s attention away from Avery. “She has a tendency to get herself into dangerous situations. So, that’s everything on Resurfacing. Any questions so far?”
“One,” Andrea said. “What’s in the chest?”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN:

Rowan carefully opened the chest, its hinges creaking.
It was strange. She was enjoying this—teaching them the history.
As a rule, she wouldn’t turn a person who would be leaving behind a good life. Becoming a Forever is a gift, and no one can truly appreciate the ability to have everything unless they’ve had nothing.
These people were her friends, of course. She had no problem spending the rest of eternity with them around. But…they had families. Good families. She didn’t want them to take that for granted.
Nevertheless, this was their decision, and she would help them carry it out.
She removed a dagger from the chest, holding it out for everyone to see. She saw the understanding on their faces as they began to recognize it. They’d seen its outline tattooed behind her ear. The blade gleamed, even though it was the same shade of black as its hilt.
“This is the Sireblade,” she said. “Note that I said ‘the’. Every Forever owns one, and we can access them from any shadow. The difference between our Sireblades and this Sireblade is that it’s the first. You see, our Sireblades, like our tattoos, are marked with an ‘F’, for Forevers. This one is engraved with an ‘A’, which we’ve come to call the ‘Archetype’.”
“What does ‘Archetype’ mean?” Andrea asked curiously.
“First of all, Forevers are what’s called a biotype, which is a group of organisms sharing the same specific traits. Although what we do with our powers varies, the basis for them, along with our lifespans, are exactly the same. Because of this, we refer to the Sireblade as the ‘Archetype’, which is the original model from which all things are copied.
“We don’t know where the Sireblade came from—if it came from a ‘who’ or a ‘what’. What we do know”—she placed the Sireblade back in the chest, taking out a small, leather-bound journal—“is written in this. There’s no name pointing to the journal’s source—only a message on the opening page.” She opened the cover and tilted the journal so they could read it.
It read: The Shadow Code. Blend into the shadows. Control them.
“The Shadow Code?” Kaitlyn asked, confusion apparent in her voice.
Rowan started to turn the pages of the journal slowly as she talked. “This journal is the Shadow Code. It contains all of the information about Forevers: how to become one, how we live, how we die, our tattoos, our Sireblades.
“To become one of us, you have to die by a Sireblade to your heart on your twenty-first birthday. Trust me, it has to be within that twenty-four hour time window.”
“How do you know?” Danny asked.
Rowan felt her face grow dark. “Once, we’d tried to turn someone, and found out the hard way that he’d lied about his age. The evidence is clear.
“You can be turned by any Sireblade, which is why the Forever population is so spread out in the world. The amount of Forevers you’ve seen here is just a fraction of what’s out there.”
Rowan tried not to smile as she watched them absorb that little piece of information. She continued with something that made their eyes go a little wider. “Because any Sireblade can create you, any Sireblade can kill you. If you’re already a Forever, and you take a Sireblade to the heart, you’ll be gone for good. Your body will dissolve into a shadow and you’ll scatter in pieces.”
Danny’s voice sounded concerned. “You said the Pure has a lot of these Sireblades.”
Rowan nodded grimly. “Yes. That, coupled with what we saw in Ireland, makes the danger here very real. If anyone would like to back out, this would be the time.”
No one said a word.
Rowan felt a flicker of pride. Her friends were brave.
She closed the journal and put it back in the chest, closing the lid. “Now, here’s everything you need to know about being one of us. We appear to be immune to disease, but everything else—murder, accidents, starvation—will cause us to Resurface, and, besides Resurfacing, we have no healing ability.” She ignored the grumble that passed through the group, moving on.
“Anything you take out of a cast shadow—it has to be a cast shadow, total darkness or total light is not your friend—is called a Shade. You can move your own Shades without touching them.
“When we Resurface, it’s our shadow that leaves our body behind and is reborn. Because of this, we assume, we aren’t able to take Shades out of our own shadows.
“Your Shades will last forever, unless you return them to a shadow—any shadow, it doesn’t have to be the one you removed them from—or you’re killed by a Sireblade.” She didn’t hold back her smile this time as her friends perked up on the subject of Shades.
She bit her lip as she told the next part. “Coal, when arranged in a circle around us, is something to avoid. Not only are we powerless, but we’re blocked from Resurfacing and the full effects of turning.”
Leonine spoke then, apparently having reached the point he wanted to discuss. “Which is why I’m wondering why you’ve added it to the walls of this room.”
Rowan knew this question was inevitable, but avoided his eyes as she answered. She didn’t like the way he was staring at her—it was confusing to her nerves. “When you turn into a Forever, your body turns into a shadow—like when a Forever is killed. Instead of you breaking up and scattering, however, you’re sent to the next place you’re meant to be, and you re-form as permanently twenty-one. If you’re in a circle of coal, your shadow reaches the rim and stops, re-forming right in that very spot. We lined it in these walls so that anyone who turned here wouldn’t have to find their way back to Shade Cove afterwards.”
Andrea looked concerned. “What if you die normally in here? What happens to your shadow?”
Rowan shrugged. “Pray that someone opens the door so your shadow can leave and you can Resurface.”
Andrea’s mouth pressed into a line.
“I haven’t noticed any kids around,” Danny said pointedly.
Rowan felt herself smirk as she explained the next curiosity. This was something that had never ceased to amaze them. “It doesn’t matter if the parents are a Forever and a human, or two Forevers. Our children are always born human.”
Andrea’s eyes went wide. “Always?”
Rowan nodded. “We’ve seen enough evidence over the years to be sure. When Forevers have kids, they teach them about us, but it’s the children that have to make the decision to become like their parents, or stay human. Everything about us is a choice, which is why we want you to know everything before you make the change and can’t undo it.”
“Good luck changing my mind now,” Kaitlyn said, and everyone laughed.
When the noise died down, Rowan said, “All of you will be turned in here. Now, who’s twenty-first birthday is up first?”
Any trace of uncertainty was no longer visible on Andrea’s face. She raised her hand.
“My birthday’s tomorrow,” Andrea said.
Rowan saw Ethan watching Andrea with an expression of dark realization. He clearly hadn’t realized that his girlfriend would be the first to die by the Sireblade. He looked up at Rowan as he added, “Mine is next week.”
Kaitlyn and Danny told the others their birthdates, which were both in a little over a month, and a day apart from each other. Ben wrote everyone’s birthdates down on a pad of paper he’d brought with him.
Rowan put her hands together, smiling excitedly at Andrea.
“Let’s get you ready.”

“Shouldn’t I be the one doing this?” Ethan asked, his voice unsure.
Andrea smiled to herself, ignoring him as she laid on the black marble table in the Core. Today was her birthday, and after a long talk with Rowan last night, she was ready to become a Forever.
“I’m sorry, Ethan,” Rowan said. “But I’ve done this dozens of times now—I don’t want to risk you missing her heart. It would still be possible to turn her, but it would be a lot more painful.”
Andrea could almost hear Ethan’s teeth click together.
Rowan raised the Sireblade, positioning the tip of the blade over Andrea’s heart.
“Are you ready?” she asked.
Andrea locked eyes with Rowan.
“Do it.”

CHAPTER SIXTEEN:

Ethan resisted the urge to stop Rowan as she drove the Sireblade into Andrea’s heart.
His heart twisted as she screamed for half a second, before her body broke down, melting into a misty black shadow. It slipped over the side of the table, sweeping quickly across the floor until it reached the wall. It was unable to pass through, and slid up a few feet before starting to expand. It spread itself, taking on Andrea’s shape.
“Ethan,” Rowan said, a note of worry in her voice.
“What?” He could feel a whisper of fear inside him. Had something gone wrong?
Rowan shook her head. “It’s working perfectly, but you might want to be there to catch her.”
Ethan looked back at Andrea’s shadow, and understood immediately. He rushed forward and to his knees, throwing his arms out in the space underneath the dark cloud, just as Andrea re-formed and dropped.
“Woah!” Andrea huffed, gripping Ethan’s shirt as he caught her.
Ethan looked back and forth between her two gorgeous brown eyes. “How do you feel?”
A slow smile spread across her face. “Powerful.”
Rowan laughed. “You have no idea just how powerful you are now. Ethan will turn next week, and we’ll take advantage of the time between now and then.
“We’ll be working with all of you in different areas of combat—that is, if you still plan on becoming Warriors. Katie and Danny, you won’t be twenty-one for a month, and I can’t guarantee the Pure will wait that long to attack. You’ll learn how to fight, regardless, so you can protect yourselves.”
Ethan helped Andrea to her feet, and he could feel her excitement. Her smile never left her face, and she was radiating a happiness that he’d never seen in her before. It made him anxious to join her in her new life.
“What are you looking at?” Ethan asked her.
Andrea was staring at the back of her hand, her forehead creased. “When I was ten, I was trying to help my parents with dinner, and cut myself with a kitchen knife.” She glanced at Rowan. “The scar is gone.”
Ethan looked up, too, and saw Rowan grinning.
“Another perk,” Rowan said. “The same thing will happen each time you Resurface. Your body will turn out like new.”
Andrea chuckled breathlessly, and tucked her hair behind her ears. When she did, Ethan could see the tattoo of her Sireblade, newly placed behind her left ear. He touched it with his fingertip, and she put her hand over his, holding it there as she beamed at him.
Ethan heard the lid to the chest close, and knew that Rowan had returned the Sireblade to its home.
“Okay, everyone,” Rowan said, laying her hands on her hips. “Let’s get to work.”

Rowan moved to the middle of the floor, turning to face the others.
They were in the training room of Shade Cove. It was large—about the same size as Mick’s lab, but mostly empty. There was a soft mat that covered most of the floor, and weapons of nearly every kind hung on hooks lining the walls. She eyed her favorites as she motioned to Ben. He rose from the ground, looking reluctant to leave the position he’d gained at Kaitlyn’s side. They’d been in deep conversation, though Rowan didn’t have the slightest idea what about.
She laughed under her breath. She knew that, even though Ben was cautious in nature, when he wanted something, he went after it. She was happy for him. If he won her affections—and Kaitlyn seemed to be leaning in that direction—then he would have someone worth keeping.
Ben addressed the room. “Rowan and I are going to show you an example of what we’re going to teach you. Pay attention, because what you learn here may just save your life later.”
Rowan stepped to the side, turning around and waiting for Ben to do the same. They locked eyes, and Rowan gave him a wicked grin.
“Go,” she said.
Ben charged at her, but she was ready for him. She made a clean spin on her heel just as he reached her, taking hold of his wrist and flipping him over. He landed on his back with a thud. He groaned, and Rowan chuckled. She had him.
Or so she thought.
She felt a foot sweep her legs out from under her, and suddenly, she was on the ground as well. She turned over so that she was on her hands and feet, and jumped to a standing position, seeing that Ben had done the same.
They started to trade blows, slowing parts of the fight down and talking about them, illustrating the points they wanted to teach.
They soon forgot they had an audience, however, as their competitive natures began to show. Rowan felt her moves coming quicker, her muscles remembering her instincts. She loved this—it had been over twenty years since her last fight.
“Ha!” Rowan said.
Ben muttered something unintelligible.
She had both his hands behind his back, and her other arm around his throat. He struggled to break free of her hold, but it was clear that she’d won.
Laughs and applause came from the row of spectators as Rowan released Ben. She walked over to them, moving to stand in front of the person she’d picked to be next.
“Katie?” Rowan said expectantly.
“Hmm?” Kaitlyn’s ice-blue eyes looked nervous.
Rowan could guess why, and she shook her head. “Not me.” She couldn’t help smiling as she said, “I want you to fight Ben.”
Rowan saw the incredulous look on Ethan’s face, which made the situation that much more humorous. Kaitlyn, however, had taken on a mischievous grin, and quickly rose to her feet. She walked past Rowan to where Ben was standing, her gait steady.
“Ready?” Ben said with a flirtatious grin.
Without warning, Kaitlyn dropped to the ground, as quick as a snake, sweeping her leg around and knocking Ben off his feet. She stood, her hands on her hips, as Ben got back up. He looked shocked.
“That’s my girl,” Ethan murmured.
Kaitlyn and Ben began to fight. It was obvious that Kaitlyn had been paying attention. She moved fast, and she was too flexible for Ben to get his hands on her. It looked like he was trying to catch blonde smoke.
It wasn’t enough, though. The match ended with Ben standing behind Kaitlyn, his hands around her wrists, crossing them in front of her chest.
Kaitlyn laughed breathlessly. “So close.”
Ben leaned around her hair and planted a kiss on her cheek, which caused Rowan, Avery, and Andrea to whistle in approval. Rowan was glad Ben had stopped letting Ethan intimidate him, though Ethan clearly wasn’t happy about that fact.
Kaitlyn was. She was blushing.
Next, Rowan fought Andrea. Her friend was good—not quick like Kaitlyn, but smart. When she moved, Rowan could see Andrea’s instincts showing through. She was a natural, and strong.
She wasn’t good enough to beat Rowan yet, but she would be able to take down a Pure member fairly well. Rowan knew fighting against Triune members was different than fighting the Pure. Rowan and the others had hundreds of years of experience. The Pure tended to be raised—and brainwashed—from birth, so their years of experience in battle rarely exceeded thirty.
After having a few more pairings fight, Rowan moved back to the center of the floor.
“Before we close out and I show you to your rooms,” she said. “Does anyone want to fight me?”
A few hands raised, but they withdrew at the sound of someone’s voice.
“Me,” Leonine said.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN:

Kaitlyn watched Leonine slink towards Rowan, eager to watch the battle unfold.
Whenever her attention wasn’t on Ben, she’d watched the tension between Rowan and Leonine grow, and she had the sneaking suspicion that it was about to reach its breaking point.
“Don’t go easy on me, Ro,” he said, smirking. “You wouldn’t want anyone to think we’re friends, now.”
Rowan’s eyes narrowed as she started to circle him. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
Each of them threw a few hits, both expertly dodging each other. Kaitlyn couldn’t help but admire their synchronization. It was like watching a dance.
The steps started to increase. They were turning in short circles, now very narrowly missing each other. Rowan’s expression and stance grew competitive again, and Leonine appeared to be just as driven to win this as she did.
She kicked him, and he caught her ankle, rotating it and causing her to flip over and catch herself on the ground. When he let go, she bent her knee and tried to get to her feet.
Kaitlyn gasped, and she wasn’t the only one.
Leonine had lunged at her, flipping her over and pinning her to the ground. He grabbed both of her wrists and held them on each side of her head.
“Gotcha,” Leonine taunted.
Rowan gave no response.
“I don’t believe it,” Ben murmured, his eyes wide. “She hasn’t lost a fight in ages.”
Then, and Kaitlyn didn’t know how, but Rowan wrestled her way out of Leonine’s grasp. She was on top of him in less than a second, holding him down in the same way he’d been holding her.
“No,” she said. “I got you.”
Leonine chuckled.
They stayed like that for a moment, their eyes locked. Rowan’s hair was swept to one side, falling past her neck and brushing against Leonine’s shoulder, but he didn’t seem particularly conscious of that fact.
Someone cleared their throat.
Rowan pushed off the ground, turning away from him. “Let me show you all where you’ll be sleeping.”

Rowan sat down on the corner of her bed, staring at the white tiles on the floor. She was trying to make sense of the tornado of emotions inside her.
She knew that part of it was being defeated. No one had beat her in a fight in years, and she couldn’t deny that the idea was hard to get used to.
But there was more.
She glanced up, catching sight of her reflection in the mirror at her desk. She walked over to it, sitting down in her chair and studying her face. Her cheeks were slightly flushed, and her eyes glowed with a strange light, one she hadn’t seen in a long time.
She looked down, and saw the lion-head pendant Leonine had told her to keep, still on the chain around her neck. When she’d found it in his apartment, it had become a symbol, a reminder to find him and get her revenge…. She couldn’t help but wonder if the meaning of it had changed.
Did she have feelings for him?
As she stared at the mirror, thinking of this possibility, the redness in her cheeks grew, and she knew she had her answer.
She left her room, walking aimlessly through the network of tunnels and rooms. As she strolled along, she thought about Shade Cove as she often did: like it was an anthill. While she thought of this, however, a new idea occurred to her, one that put the feeling of ice in her heart.
They were the ants.
And the Pure was starting to look an awful lot like a boot.
While her mind ran through over a dozen battle scenarios—none of them ending very well—she somehow ended up at the shooting range, which was empty except for two people.
Danny was laying on his stomach, looking through the scope of a gun that was half as tall as him, and Avery was sitting in a chair against the wall, quietly watching him work.
Rowan stayed where she was in the corner of the room, picking up a pair of high-grade earmuffs to protect her ears from the sound of the shot.
Danny shoulders rose slowly as he took a deep breath, his finger lightly touching the trigger.
The gun fired.
After waiting a beat, Danny let go of the gun, getting up and laughing as he removed his earmuffs. Avery took hers off and laughed with him.
Rowan, incredulous, walked over to the booth, pressing a button on the side that caused the target to move towards them.
When it arrived, she stared in shock at the puncture that had been blown through the very center of the bulls-eye.
She unhooked the paper, holding it in front of her as she twisted around to look at Danny.
Danny shrugged. “My uncle taught me how to shoot.”
Rowan exchanged a grin with Avery as she handed Danny the target. “Well, I know where you’ll be in the fight.”
Excitement played across Danny’s face. “I couldn’t agree more.”

Andrea collapsed on the ground the Core, laying down on her back and closing her eyes.
They’d been training for a week now, and her muscles hurt more now than they’d had in her entire life.
The past few nights, in her room, she’d been tentatively trying out her new powers. She wasn’t impressed with herself so far, and wanted badly to learn from Rowan, but her friend hadn’t mentioned anything about it.
She suspected Rowan was waiting to work with both her and Ethan, because they were going to turn him in just a few minutes.
She opened her eyes and saw Ethan sit on the black marble table. As he rotated and laid back, she stood and moved to his side. He didn’t look scared at all, and that didn’t surprise her—he was a compassionate person, but he prided himself on his physical strengths.
“Does it hurt?” he asked
Andrea’s eyebrow shot up. “I don’t know, dear. Did the screaming last week give me away?”
Ethan laughed. “I see your point.”
Rowan appeared on Ethan’s other side, the Sireblade in her hand.
Andrea tentatively reached for the dagger. “Can I do it?”
Rowan shrugged, glancing down at Ethan. “It’s up to you.”
Ethan pursed his lips for a second, then nodded. He looked up at Andrea and smiled. “Please don’t miss.”
Andrea nodded seriously, her eyes never leaving his. “I promise.”
Ethan inhaled quickly, his arms and legs locking as his body tensed. Andrea carefully moved the Sireblade so it hovered over the space where she knew Ethan’s heart would be. She lowered it slowly until the tip was pressing against his shirt.
“I love you,” she said.
“I love you, too,” he murmured, closing his eyes.
She got a better grip on the hilt, forcing herself to let go of any hesitation as she forced the Sireblade downward.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN:

“Ouch!” Avery protested.
“Sorry, Ave,” Ben muttered apologetically.
Avery heard Rowan laugh from the side of the room. The entire group was watching them swordfight, and Ben had just given her a shallow—but long—slice to her upper arm.
“It’s times like these when I really wish I was a Never,” Avery muttered, sitting on the ground.
“Don’t we all?” Rowan said in a sarcastic tone.
“What are you guys talking about?” Danny asked.
Rowan sighed before answering. “In the Shadow Code, there’s an entire page dedicated to the Nevers, which is basically the next evolution of Forevers. They can’t be killed by anything but the Sireblade, because they have a high healing ability. When I say that, I mean that if you tear out a Never’s heart, they’ll grow a new one. And, because they don’t Resurface, they can take Shades out of their own shadows.
“The entry tells us everything about them…except the most important detail: how to become one.”
Avery sighed, too. “If only.”
Suddenly, Rowan sat up straight, a curious light in her eyes.
“What is it?” Avery asked, though she had a good guess. Whenever Rowan got that look, it meant they were going to her favorite place.
Rowan helped prove Avery’s point by saying, “Do you even have to ask?”
Avery shrugged, grinning.
Rowan rolled her eyes. “You guys have been training hard, but I want to spend some time teaching Andrea and Ethan how to use their powers. Not here, though. About half an hour away, in Newport Beach, I have a house on the oceanfront. When the island was just starting out, I was able to get the house for a steal, and it’s been remodeled since, but it’s still there. I’m thinking we should take a little vacation.”
Leonine smirked. “When do we leave?”
To Avery’s surprise, Rowan returned his smile with ease. “Right now.”

Rowan stepped out of the car, breathing in the scent of the ocean. She couldn’t see it, because they had parked behind the house, but she knew it was just on the other side.
She loved coming here. Nothing made her happier than walking through this place, ignoring everything as she made her way to the glass doors on the other side. There, she would be able to see the long stretch of sand between the house and the water.
She stiffened when she felt an arm drape casually across her shoulders. She glanced up and met Leonine’s sun-kissed brown eyes, accompanied by a rather dazzling smile. Her heart picked up at his close proximity.
Leonine didn’t seem to notice. “Shall we?”
Rowan smiled involuntarily as she put her arm just as loosely around his waist. “Let’s.”
Leonine’s grin stretched a little wider as withdrew his arm so Rowan could lead the way into the house.
The group said nothing as she showed them around—nothing except various sounds of awe.
She’d had the same reaction when she’d first looked at this place. She’d fallen in love with its open design, and the cool white and blue colors painted on every surface—except for the floors, which were made of smooth gray wood.
There were four bedrooms, so the girls split into two groups, taking the rooms on one side of the hall, while the boys took the rooms on the opposite side. Rowan had Danny and Kaitlyn put away the clothes they’d borrowed from Shade Cove. She’d told Ethan and Andrea not to take anything with them. Andrea made a comment about this as they left the bedrooms behind.
Rowan chuckled. “You’ll see why. For now, follow me.”
She led them to a door at the end of the hall, behind which was a faded white staircase. They walked in a single-file line until they reached a trapdoor in the ceiling, and Rowan opened it, everyone following her onto the roof.
“Ooh,” Andrea murmured.
Here, there was a circle of lounge chairs, all surrounding a large stone fire pit, completely filled with pebbles made of black glass. The waist-high wall behind them, plus the two on the sides, were all made of white-painted wood. The fourth wall was made entirely out of glass, with a metal railing that ran along the top.
Every pair of eyes was on this particular wall, because it offered a breathtaking view of the beach, and the jewel-blue water beyond it. The high afternoon sun painted a glittering orange line on the waves.
Rowan brought them to the wall on the right-hand side, showing them another set of stairs that led to the concrete path between the house and the sand.
“Feel free to come up here any time you like,” she said. “There’s a key on that post over there, and it turns on the gas in the fire pit.”
She brought them back downstairs, into the living room with the wall of glass doors. She let them watch the low waves crash on the beach in the distance as she lifted her hands, causing an off-white armchair to slide across the floor, until it was blocking one of the glass doors, casting a long shadow across the ashen wood.
She pointed at Ethan and Andrea. “You two stand over here”—she pointed to the opposite side of the shadow—“and everyone else go sit down.”
Once they did as she asked, she felt herself take on the role of instructor—a part she’d been learning to play for hundreds of years now.
She continued. “Now, the emotion that tends to hold new Forevers back the most is uncertainty. It’s hard for them to accept the fact that a Shade can really be anything, but it’s true. As long as the Shade you take is the same size or smaller as the shadow you take it from, then there’s no limit to the possibilities.
“Andrea, you go first. Try to make something—anything.”
Andrea bit her lip, staring at the shadow. She put both hands over it, and raised them slowly.
Rowan’s eyebrows dipped as she saw something ascend from the shadow. It appeared to be a stick of some kind. It was long and thin and made of translucent white glass, with an intricate metal handle. Her confusion increased at the excited expression Andrea gained once the Shade was in her waiting hands.
“What is that?” Rowan asked curiously.
Andrea didn’t answer as she gripped the metal part with one hand. She turned around and pointed the tip of the white glass at a pen on the kitchen counter.
With a flick of her wrist, the pen transformed into a crimson rose.
Rowan clapped in approval, grinning. “I don’t know why I’m surprised. I should have guessed that you would create something magic-related.”
“I should have guessed that, too,” Leonine noted from his seat on the arm of the couch.
Andrea smiled, obviously proud of her achievement.
Rowan looked at Ethan. “Your turn.”
Ethan put his palms over the shadow as Andrea had, seeming sure of himself. He got a mischievous grin as he lifted his hands.
Something flew out of the shadow and into his grasp. When it settled, Rowan saw that it was a glossy black pistol, and it looked heavy as he balanced it on the palm of his hand. This, too, didn’t surprise Rowan one bit, but what happened next did.
Ethan had flicked his hand over the shadow again, but this time, a block of reddish stone rose out of it. It hovered in the air while he took aim with the gun. Rowan was about to protest when he pulled the trigger.
There was a crunching noise as the bullet embedded itself into the dusty stone, but it had made absolutely no sound as it left the gun.
“Impressive,” Andrea said. “How did you think of that?”
Ethan shrugged. “I wanted to see how it would shoot, but I didn’t want the neighbors to call the cops.”
“And I’m grateful for that,” Rowan said. “But warn me next time. Andrea, please give me your hand.”
Andrea, looking hesitant, reached across the shadow toward her. Rowan turned her hand over so that her palm was facing up, and rose her voice in order for everyone to hear her.
“I’ve told you that we have no healing ability, and that’s true, but…we have ways of coping with that fact.”
Without hesitation, Rowan drew a small blade out of the shadow, and, so quick that Andrea couldn’t stop her, she made a gash across her friend’s palm.
Andrea ripped her hand out of Rowan’s, closing her fingers over the wound and visibly wincing. “Are you out of your mind?”
Rowan shrugged. “Probably. But what are you going to do about that cut?”

CHAPTER NINETEEN:

Andrea gritted her teeth to avoid crying out in pain. The gouge Rowan had given her was deep, though her friend didn’t seem at all concerned about it.
Andrea opened her mouth for long enough to ask. “And just how am I supposed fix this without a healing ability?”
“You do have the ability to create anything. Go ahead. Make something that’ll help.”
Andrea closed her eyes and took a deep breath. What could possibly heal a cut like this? What could help her without giving the wound an infection?
Her eyes flew open.
She put her uninjured hand over the shadow, and a small canister jumped out of it. She quickly unscrewed the lid, revealing a dollop of metallic black gel. She put some on her fingertip, and didn’t hesitate as she kneaded the salve across the cut.
She sighed in relief as the pain eased. The cut closed and disappeared almost instantly.
Ethan took her newly-healed hand in his, running his fingers along the space where the cut had been.
“Incredible,” he murmured, glancing up at and grinning at her.
“See now? It wasn’t that hard,” Rowan commented.
Andrea rolled her eyes, smiling in spite of the situation.
Rowan moved to the counter, picking up the rose Andrea had made and twisting the stem between her fingers as she spoke.
“I told you not to bring any clothes, and I hope that, by now, you realize the reason. The rest of us—human company excluded—didn’t bring anything for the same purpose. You don’t have to show me the wardrobe you make, but I don’t recommend taking out more than one outfit to wear at a time. You can always make something new, and put the old stuff back into the shadow.
“That’s pretty much all you need to know. When you make a Shade, always be confident, and nothing but your own imagination will hold you back. Do me a favor, though. Don’t conjure where any of the neighbors or beachgoers can see you. I’d prefer our existence to remain a secret to the general public.”
Andrea nodded, walking into the kitchen to wash the healing gel off of her hands.
When she turned around, Ethan was there, a roguish grin was on his face.
“What?” she asked curiously.
He took her hand, twining their fingers together. “Let’s go see what we can craft.”

Leonine leaned against the wall of glass doors, watching the last few rays of sunset disappear. The sky had darkened considerably, causing the stars to glow brighter against the cobalt backdrop.
He turned away from the glass, walking idly through the room, past the group on the floor. Avery, Ben, Kaitlyn, and Danny were sitting in a circle, playing some kind of card game. He didn’t pause to find out what that game was.
As he reached the staircase near the door to the garage, he glanced into the other living room, where Ethan and Andrea were generating numerous Shades.
He smiled to himself. Regardless of his original heritage, he still considered Andrea to be his sister, in the same light that Rowan had clearly seen Alison.
Guilt wrenched inside of him. Even though Rowan was apparently starting to forgive him, he still felt that it was his fault the girl had died, his fault for selling Sireblades to their biggest threat.
He knew, of course, that his Sireblades weren’t the only reason the Pure had gained their new standing. He’d been thinking about this for the last week, but he couldn’t come up with a plausible explanation for why their enemy had taken such an evolutionary step.
Lost in his tangled thoughts, he suddenly found himself below the trapdoor that led to the roof. He shook his head, trying to clear it as he opened the door and climbed up the ladder.
He closed the hatch quietly, not wanting anyone to know he was up here. He inhaled the oceaMick scent that carried on the light breeze, walking forward and leaning against the metal railing on the glass wall.
He froze when he heard a sound to his left.
It was a sigh, and a quiet one. He turned his head slowly, glancing down.
Lying on one of the lounge chairs was Rowan, fast asleep.
Without thinking about it, he tiptoed to the chair beside her, and moved to sit down, cringing when the material creaked beneath him.
Rowan sat up in a flash, pointing a gun he hadn’t seen before directly at his face.
He put his hands up, going completely still. “Sorry,” he murmured. “I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
Rowan, breathing heavily, lowered the gun. “Don’t ever do that to me again.”
Leonine nodded. “So, why do you have a gun out here? Were you expecting someone?”
Rowan shook her head. “If a place has a low amount of cast shadows, I never go there without some kind of weapon.” She leaned back, laying down again and looking at the stars.
Leonine did the same, but looked sideways so he could see her. “Why are you up here?”
Rowan laughed quietly. “Well, I wanted some time alone to think, but I guess I fell asleep instead.”
Leonine chuckled nonchalantly, but he could feel his curiosity with this girl growing. She was a puzzle—each day, he felt like he was discovering another piece. “And what does Shade Cove’s best Warrior have on her mind?”
Rowan turned her head in his direction and rolled her eyes. Then she frowned. “I’m thinking about the Pure. They clearly have the means to attack us, but they haven’t yet. I can feel it coming, but I don’t know what’s holding them back.”
“Maybe they need something.”
“Like what?”
“Well, you said the guy who kidnapped you wanted the Sireblade.”
Rowan pursed her lips. “True. But they’d never get it, and, besides, why would they need it? To kill us? They already have your Sireblades. It doesn’t make any sense.”
Leonine stared at the night sky, interlocking his fingers over his stomach. “No, it doesn’t.”
He made a quick decision. He rose swiftly from his chair, moving to the end of Rowan’s. He sat down carefully on the edge, pausing for half of a second before lifting her feet and sliding under them. He laid them on his lap and shot a glance towards her face.
She didn’t look at him, and that worried him somewhat, until he saw her shoulders rising and falling much quicker than they had been before.
He began to wonder if he was affecting her just as much as she was affecting him. He found it almost hard to believe, with everything that had happened, but he couldn’t ignore the recent shift in her attitude towards him.
Two events came to his mind then, two events that had to have been responsible for that change: When he’d comforted her after she’d lost Alison, he’d gained her trust. And when he’d defeated her in the fight at Shade Cove, he’d earned her respect.
“You know…” he murmured.
“What?” Rowan said, just as softly.
“I really am sorry about my role in all of this. If I’d known, I would never have sold the Sireblades to them.” He hoped he sounded as sincere as he felt.
He heard Rowan sigh. “I know.” She put her arms behind her head, meeting his eyes. “And I really don’t blame you, regardless of what happened twenty years ago.”
He nodded as he got up from the chair. “It’s getting late,” he noted.
Rowan didn’t look back at him as she answered. “You go ahead. I’m going to sleep here—it’s a nice night for it.”
Leonine deliberated, but not for long. “Mind if I join you?”
Rowan shrugged, and he thought he saw her smile. “Why would I mind?”
He laid back down on the chair beside hers, turning onto his back and closing his eyes.
“Goodnight,” Rowan murmured, sighing once more, quieter this time.
“Sweet dreams,” Leonine breathed, slipping over the edge of unconsciousness.
He had the feeling he was right where he needed to be.

CHAPTER TWENTY:

Rowan sank onto the couch, closing her eyes and laying her head back. She’d put Avery and Andrea in charge of getting the snacks, and Ben and Danny were responsible for choosing a movie. They’d just had lunch, and Rowan wanted to relax.
She felt the cushions shift beside her, and reluctantly lifted her eyelids. The rest of the group was settling into their seats, on the remaining couch spots and pillows on the floor.
Someone started the movie, and Rowan pretended not to notice as Leonine took the seat next to hers. She made herself relax while he settled in, sliding his leg over slowly until his knee was just barely brushing against hers. Her heart picked up at the semi-casual contact, but she kept her eyes on the television screen, not really seeing it. She barely noticed the lull in the movie’s soundtrack.
Then the phone rang.
Rowan jumped involuntarily, and was startled again when Leonine put his hand on her knee to steady her.
She cleared her throat. “I’ll get it.”
She nearly leapt off the couch, rushing to the phone on the kitchen counter. She picked it up, staring at the back of Leonine’s head as she absentmindedly answered.
“Hello?”
“Rowan.” The voice carried a British accent, and it was classy and flirtatious as it said her name. She recognized it immediately, and she felt her lips curve up at the corners in response.
“Nicolai,” she said in a coquettish tone that caused everyone—Leonine included—to turn around and stare curiously at her.
“Nicolai?” Avery asked, sounding excited.
“Who’s he?” Danny asked, and Rowan thought she heard a note of jealousy in his tone—most likely in response to the enthusiasm in Avery’s.
“He’s an old friend,” Rowan answered.
“Talking about me?” Nicolai teased from the other end of the line.
“Maybe,” she said, drawing out each syllable. “What can I do for you?”
“There’s a party tonight.” Nicolai didn’t offer any more information than that. He didn’t have to.
Rowan smirked. “We’ll be there.”
She hung up the phone.
Avery stood and turned, pointing the remote and pausing the movie without looking. “I take it we’ve been extended an invitation. When?”
Rowan smirked at her. “Tonight.”
“By who?” Andrea asked, curiosity in her voice.
“You’ll meet him soon enough,” Rowan answered vaguely. “For now, we have to get ready. Ben, if you could make Danny a tux, I would appreciate it. Then, you can get a car and drive to yourself and the boys to the party. As for you girls…follow me.”

Leonine leaned against the bar, casually readjusting the tie of his custom-fit suit, which was the darkest shade of black he could think of when he’d pulled it out of the shadow.
They were in an upscale hotel ballroom in the city, at an event labeled as a charity auction. The attendees were around Leonine’s current age, and he could almost see their fathers’ credit cards in their pockets. He had experience with these kinds of people, and he knew they rarely made their fortunes on their own.
Girls in floor-length dresses sidled by him and the other three boys, walking slower as they passed and flipping their hair over their shoulders. He barely noticed them. He couldn’t stop thinking about Rowan, who wasn’t here yet.
“Finally,” he heard Ben murmur.
He glanced towards the entrance, where there was a steady stream of newcomers gliding through. Among them, he began to see familiar faces. The first was his sister.
Andrea’s evening gown was a deep blood red, and covered with a sheer material. It had no straps, and hugged her hourglass shape until her knees, where it flared out subtly and flowed past her shoes, which were silver. The heels were so tall, he wondered how she walked with such elegance. Her hair was twisted up behind her head, held in place with a handful of decorative pins.
He didn’t see Ethan approach her, but he was suddenly there, taking her by the hand and leading her back to the rest of the group.
Kaitlyn came through the doors next, and her gown was the same icy blue color as her eyes—and strapless, like Andrea’s. It was fitted at the beginning of her torso, where there was a pale blue ribbon behind a complicated network of beading. The surface of the dress was composed of pleats that started out tight, but grew slightly wider as the skirt flowed out from the rest of her small frame. Her short hair was down, and it brushed the tops of her shoulders.
Leonine lightly kicked Ben in the foot, because he was staring, wide-eyed, at Kaitlyn, but not moving towards her. Kaitlyn had paused on the steps that descended into the ballroom, smiling nervously in their direction. Ben shook his head sharply, and Leonine chuckled as Ben darted quickly across the floor, taking Kaitlyn’s face in his hands and giving her a long kiss before guiding her back. Kaitlyn’s smile was small, and she looked dazed as Ben pulled her along.
Leonine shot a glance towards her brother, waiting to see a reaction to Ben’s bold choice, but Ethan’s eyes didn’t leave Andrea, not even for a second.
The next familiar figure to waltz through the door was Avery. She was wearing a silvery dress, which accentuated her curiously silver eyes. It clung to the entirety of her upper body, leaving her shoulders bare, much like the other girls, though the skirt fell almost straight to the ground, flaring only a slight amount. The top of the dress was a network of curving strips, two of which were patterned with clear stones. Her dark blonde hair was tied low, swept around the left side of her neck and laying over her collarbone.
Danny didn’t approach her, but leaned against the bar a few feet in front of Leonine, and he could see his cheek upturned in what had to have been a smirk, because Avery gave one of her own as she sauntered through the crowd. When she reached him, he put his hand on her hip and leaned forward, whispering something in her ear. Whatever it was, it made her cheeks go red and she smiled in response.
Leonine searched through the crowd, and finally found Rowan.
Her dress was sapphire blue, and from here, it made her eyes look the same tone—though he knew that they were actually a spectrum of captivating colors. Unlike the other girls, her dress had sleeves, ones that fanned out at the tops of her shoulders, and drew tight where they met the rest of the fabric. The upper part was made of widely woven strips, and gathered in just under her chest before cascading to the floor, accentuating every sensuous curve she had on the way. Her hair was tied up in a casual bun on the back of her head, and strands too short to reach were tucked behind her ears.
When she started down the stairs, he saw that she was wearing glittering silver ballet flats. He smirked—he’d figured she wouldn’t be wearing high-heels. She was different.
And he found himself loving that fact.
She locked eyes with him and smiled. He moved away from the bar, sidestepping several people in his attempt to reach her. When he finally did, however, she was standing in front of someone else. It was a man, and Leonine could see the Sireblade tattoo behind his left ear.
He was bent forward slightly, and when Leonine moved farther to the side, he could see that the mystery figure was placing a kiss on Rowan’s hand.
And she was blushing.
Leonine felt a surge of envy pass through him, but he tried ignored it as he watched the pair of them.
“It’s been too long, my dear Rowan,” the man remarked in an English accent.
“Nicolai.” Rowan said with a smile.
Leonine pursed his lips. This man must have been the one Rowan had flirted with on the phone earlier.
He felt himself straighten up as he realized he would have to fight for Rowan’s affections. He was ready for the challenge, though, and he knew that the obstacles didn’t matter.
Because…she was worth it.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE:

Rowan caught sight of Leonine in the crowd, and her breathing turned uneven. The suit he was wearing fit him perfectly, highlighting the contours of his muscular figure. That, coupled with the way he stood, made him look even classier than Nicolai.
“Come with me. I want you to meet my friends,” she told him.
Nicolai grinned. “First, I have to find Aria. She’ll want to meet them, as well.”
Rowan smiled, excited. “She’s here?”
Nicolai nodded, releasing her hand as he disappeared into the throng.
Rowan tried to breathe normally, despite the butterflies in her stomach, as she walked toward Leonine. His smile was alluring, and his sunlit brown eyes were inviting; it was as if he had a magnetic pull.
She stopped a few feet away from him, raising her hands and turning in a short circle as she said, “Well? What do you think?”
She felt a hand on her wrist and was turned the rest of the way, moving forward a few steps. When she stopped, Leonine’s lips were at her ear. She shivered when she felt him breathe.
“Beautiful,” he whispered.
A little unsteady, she stepped back, smiling and gesturing to his suit. “You don’t look so bad, yourself.”
Leonine put his foot to the side and his hands in his pockets, looking at the ceiling.
“I do clean up Mickely, don’t I?” he said, with mock conceit.
One of Rowan’s eyebrows shot up, and Leonine looked back down at her, smirking.
She shoved his shoulder playfully, and they started laughing.
As she laughed, she realized how easy it was to be around him. Ever since she’d brought him to Shade Cove, she’d noticed their relationship go from uneasy allies to friends. And now, she could feel them becoming something more.
She felt a hand on her back, and turned her head to see that Nicolai had returned, Aria right behind him.
She gave Aria a quick side-hug before turning to Leonine and Nicolai.
“Follow me, boys. We have introductions to make.”
The four of them snaked their way through the crowd, back to the group that was waiting at the bar. There were appreciative looks from Andrea and Kaitlyn as they caught sight of Nicolai. Rowan didn’t blame them.
“Everyone, this is Nicolai Davenport, and his sister, Aria.”

Leonine leaned against the bar as names were passed around the group.
Nicolai and Aria turned out to be twins, and he could see that plainly. They had the same light brown hair, though Nicolai’s was short and neat, and Aria’s was long and impossibly straight. Their eyes were the same exact shade of hazel, and carried a mysterious air—like they knew everyone’s secrets, and had a few thousand of their own.
“I met them around 1710,” Rowan said, exchanging a grin with them. “They were young and brilliant, and they convinced me to turn them. They’ve never Resurfaced before.”
In spite of himself, Leonine raised his eyebrows, impressed.
Rowan chuckled. “Let’s just say they know how to stay under the radar.”
The group didn’t hold back their questions as they conversed with the twins. Rowan had to step up and give a few answers of her own.
The next moment, the conversation died down immediately. The lights in the ballroom had gone out, making way for multicolored beams that began to dance around the room.
Leonine stiffened when Nicolai appeared beside him, leaning over to make his voice heard over the suddenly loud music.
“Young man, if you don’t ask her to dance, I will. And I think we both know who she really wants to dance with.”
Leonine tried to hold back the disbelief he felt, but failed entirely.
Nicolai shrugged, smirking. “Rowan is a wonderful girl, but we have never been more than old friends. I suggest you make your move before she starts seeing you in that light.”
Leonine felt himself smirk, and extended his hand.
Nicolai took it, beaming at the respectful gesture. Then his face turned grave. “I’m serious. Go.”
Leonine nodded once, turning away from Nicolai. He walked to stand behind Rowan, and lightly tapped her on the shoulder. When she turned, he offered her his upturned hand.
“Rowan Scott, would you do me the honor of this dance?”
Rowan laughed quietly and rolled her eyes, placing her hand in his. “I would be delighted, sir, thank you.”
He led her to the middle of the floor just as a song ended. When the next one started to play, he recognized it immediately. He’d first heard it about a hundred years ago, when he’d learned how to ballroom dance. This particular song had been used to teach the tango.
He wrapped his hand firmly around Rowan’s, encircling his other arm around the middle of her back.
She bit her lip. “I know this dance, and it’ll be hard to let you lead.”
He smirked, straightening their stance. “I guess you’ll just have to trust me.”
“Yeah, that’ll be the day,” she muttered, grinning when he made a face at her.
Then they started to dance.
Leonine found that his muscles remembered exactly what the steps were, and Rowan moved just as easily with him. They spun around and around, throwing in improvised moves and turns, laughing as they did it. They carved a path through the crowd, and it wasn’t long until they were at the side of the floor. Here, there was a row of large pillars that connected the floor to the ceiling.
Leonine whisked Rowan behind one of them, and put his hands on the pillar on either side of her head, while she leaned back against it. They were less than a foot away from each other, and he could feel her breath on his face. It would take him less than a second to close the distance between them….
He leaned forward.
The moment their lips touched, he felt a thrill run through his entire body. He could tell, now, that he’d been subconsciously dreaming of this, ever since he’d started to see her this way.
Rowan wasn’t holding back, either. He could feel her hands in his hair, holding him to her. He held her face with one hand and placed the other on the small of her back, where the smooth fabric of her dress was silky beneath his palm.
They broke free, and he leaned his forehead against hers while they caught their breath.
“I think I may be falling for you,” Rowan said with a breathless laugh.
“Funny.” Leonine chuckled. “I was about to say the same thing.”

Rowan twined her fingers with Leonine’s, taking one last look at the ocean, one last touch of the sand beneath her bare feet.
“Time to go home,” she sighed.
After the night of the party, they’d taken one more day on the island. Now they were returning to Shade Cove.
“Together,” Leonine said, looking down at her and smirking.
Rowan rolled her eyes. “Yes, you got the girl. Would you like a parade?”
Leonine wrapped his arms around her while he spoke. “Yes, a parade, a building named after me, a key to the city…. All that jazz.”
Rowan stretched up on her toes and kissed him, getting the same feeling that she’d had at the party. It was like every cell in her body was alive—pure energy as it coursed through her veins.
They walked back up the beach, getting into the car with everyone else. Rowan drove, with Leonine in the passenger seat, holding her hand as she steered the car.
When they arrived at Shade Cove, she made the car disappear into a shadow, going to the tree with the keypad that would let them in the main entrance.
“Let’s go check on Shy,” Kaitlyn said. “I miss her.”
Rowan nodded. “That’s a great idea.”
They walked down the tunnels and through the different rooms, until they reached Mick’s lab, all laughing and talking as they walked through the doors.
And stopped dead.
There was blood everywhere. It was splattered on the walls, the floors, the countertops, the ceiling. Rowan followed the trail quickly and saw where it ended.
Mick was lying on the floor, his eyes closed. His lab coat, once white, was soaked red, and there was a pool of blood beneath him, originating from a hole in his neck. Rowan searched the ground and saw a pair of scissors, covered with dried bloodstains.
“See you in twenty years, old pal,” Rowan whispered. The fact that his body was still here was a small comfort—it told her he was Resurfacing now, at least.
But who did this to him?
Owen burst into the room. He ran to where Rowan stood and saw Mick, his expression growing even darker than it had been a moment ago.
“What is it?” Rowan asked, her voice breaking.
Owen’s eyes were grim. “Outside—on the beach.”
“What?” Avery asked, and it sounded like she was on the verge of breaking down.
Rowan’s voice was irate. “The Pure.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO:

Rowan was already running through an action plan in her head, though the others hadn’t quite caught up with her yet.
“I don’t understand,” Kaitlyn said, her voice worried. “Where’s Shy?”
Rowan’s mouth pressed into a line. “The Pure must have her. They broke into the lab and killed Mick for a reason. Now we have to stop them.” She turned to Danny, not even looking in the direction of the nearest shadow as she pulled a long-range rifle from it. She handed it to him, looking at him seriously. “I want you on top of the cliff in five minutes. Owen will show you where to go.”
Danny gripped the gun with both hands, nodding shortly. He planted a kiss on Avery’s mouth before following Owen out of the lab.
Avery sucked in a deep breath and let it out sharply as she volunteered the next instructions. “Ben and Katie, you come with me. We’re going to the escape tunnel, and we’ll have to pick up a few more Warriors on the way. When we move through the facility, tell anyone who won’t be helping us to go to the safety shelter. They’ll know where it is—you just have to tell them to go. Follow me.”
They made their exit, leaving Rowan, Leonine, Andrea, and Ethan.
Rowan cast one last look at the body that had once belonged to Mick Ellis. His shadow was long gone by now, and hopefully in a much better place than this one was at the moment.
She turned to the others. “You three are with me.”
“Where?” Andrea asked. Her eyes were determined and her mouth was set in a line. Rowan could tell that her friend felt ready for this. She could only hope that Andrea’s resolve was enough to keep her alive.
To keep all of them alive.
Rowan locked eyes with Leonine, and his expression looked as grim as she felt. “We’ll be going out the main entrance.”
“Why?” Ethan sounded confused, and Rowan knew why. What good would it do for the four of them to meet the enemy head-on?
“We’re the distraction. Avery and Ben will lead the second team to attack them from behind.”
Ethan’s face grew concerned. “What about Katie? I know her, and she’ll insist on leading with them. I doubt Ben will stop her.”
Rowan snorted. “Your sister can take care of herself. Besides, now isn’t the time to worry about her. It’ll only distract you, and that won’t help us out there.”
Ethan nodded. “You’re right.” He turned to Andrea, giving her a long kiss. When he broke away, he held her gaze. “Please stay alive. I don’t want to lose you.”
She shook her head. “You won’t.”
Rowan squeezed Leonine’s hand before letting go and starting forward. “Let’s go. They’ll be expecting us.”
They ran as fast as they could through Shade Cove, pouring into the elevator that would take them up. Rowan tapped her foot impatiently while it slowly rose to ground level, and raced up the stone steps as soon as the doors opened, pausing at the main entrance to wait for the others.
She felt Leonine’s hand on her back, and it helped her steel herself as she hit the button that would open the door.
When it swung open, she was met with the sight of dozens of Pure members. They were spaced in a tight grid formation on the beach.
It was then that she noticed something, and it made her heart twist in fear.
Every member was carrying a Sireblade.
She was unsure whether any of them would survive this—Resurfacing or otherwise.
“Rowan!” Leonine yelled.
She turned just as he tossed her an automatic gun. She looked down the cold length of metal at the Pure army, ready to start shooting, until a man stepped away from the crowd. Like his associates, he wore the red circle symbol of the Pure in the upper left corner of his bulletproof vest.
“If you’re here to kill us, you’re going to be disappointed,” she called to him.
The man shrugged. “We’ve already got what we want now, and it’s safely tucked away where you’ll never find it. Our spy took care of that for us.”
Rowan exchanged a confused look with the others before looking back at the Pure man. “What spy?”
He lips curled up in an evil smile. “Even a less-than-human creature like yourself should be able to figure that one out.”
A million possibilities ran through Rowan’s head, but one stood out above the rest.
No. It couldn’t be….
The man continued, removing a Sireblade from his belt as he spoke. “Nevertheless.”
Rowan pulled the trigger.
The bullet hit him between the eyes, and he fell backwards, hitting the ground hard.
The Sireblade he’d been carrying rolled out of his lifeless fingers. As Rowan watched grains of sand collect in its grooves, she realized something; a detail that was so critical she didn’t know how she had missed it.
“Leonine,” she said quietly, training the gun on her next target. Behind the crowd of Pure, she could see Avery’s blonde hair peek out from behind the cliff on the far side of the cove.
“What have you got in mind?” Leonine said, aiming his own gun at another Pure member.
“I think it’s safe to say that those Sireblades are yours. And we’re standing right on a cast shadow….” She let him figure out the rest.
Leonine scoffed. “Wow, you’d think I would have noticed that the minute we came outside. In any case, allow me.” He dropped his gun on the sand and raised his hands, slowly.
Every Sireblade that was being carried by the army rose with his hands. The daggers hovered in the air for a moment, then shot down towards the shadow-covered sand and disappeared.
Rowan flashed a wicked grin at the sight of the Pure army’s shocked faces, and locked eyes with Avery, who had advanced with the rest of the Warriors she’d found. They were standing close enough to the Pure now.
“GO!” Rowan shouted.
They advanced on the Pure, and their enemies reacted just as quickly, drawing their own guns and starting to shoot. Many of them were caught by surprise, taken down by the line of Warriors behind them.
Rowan quickly brought up a steel barrier, ducking behind it and sending several bullets past the side. She looked over and saw that the others had done the same. The Pure dropped like flies, unprepared for a response of this magnitude. Rowan heard louder shots from behind them, and knew that Danny was taking care of his end.
Within minutes, the gunfire ceased. They had won.
“So close,” Leonine muttered. Rowan turned at the sound of his voice.
He was standing behind the barrier he’d made, covering the lower right corner of his torso with his hand. When he removed it for just a second, Rowan saw blood.
Her heart skipped a beat as she dashed to his side, lifting his shirt to look at the wound. It was small, and its location told Rowan that Leonine would be perfectly fine. She breathed a sigh of relief as she drew a coagulant out of the shadow, spreading it on the wound before taping gauze over it. She had to make herself stop staring at his impressively shaped abs so she could put down his shirt.
He was grinning when she looked up. “Enjoying the view?”
She smirked in response, unrepentant. “So?”
“What is it?” he asked, concern on his face.
Her expression had grown dark, and she could feel that the change was noticeable. She waved Avery, Ben, and Kaitlyn over, and when she turned around, she saw that Danny had returned to the ground.
She turned without a word, and everyone followed her back into the facility.
“Where are we going?” Danny asked.
Anger seeped through Rowan, and she didn’t bother trying to keep it at bay. She was furious.
Word of their defeat of the Pure had obviously spread, because the Forevers that had been hiding were walking through the tunnels. Rowan grabbed hold of the first one she saw.
“I brought in another girl with this group, and we left her in the lab with Mick. Have you seen her?”
The girl looked scared at the sound of Rowan’s livid tone, but gave a small shrug. “The last time I saw her, she was going to the records room.”
Rowan nodded shortly, stalking past her.
“What’s going on?” Leonine asked. “Ro, tell me.”
Rowan spoke through gritted teeth. “You heard that Pure degenerate. They put a spy in Shade Cove, and there’s one thing I know a Pure member would never do: become anything but human.
“Right now, there’s only one human in Shade Cove that has no intention of turning.”
“No,” Kaitlyn protested, panic in her voice. “Shy isn’t a part of the Pure. I’ve known her my whole life.”
Rowan turned on her, all ability to be tactful gone. “You don’t know her. You don’t know anything about the Pure. They hide in society better than we do. They have jobs, families, lives. They raise their children from birth to hate us, teach them from birth how to kill us, and keep their alliances a secret while doing it.
“And I’ll bet anything she’s the one who killed Mick.”
There was a collective gasp. The others stared at her in shock. Leonine’s eyebrows were knit together.
Rowan went on. “It makes perfect sense. He probably found out what she was, and she murdered him to shut him up.”
Tears leaked from Kaitlyn’s eyes, but her expression told Rowan she was right. She turned on her heel and headed for the records room.
“You won’t kill her, will you?” Kaitlyn asked, her voice breaking.
Rowan set her jaw. “Not unless I have to.”
There was nothing but silence from the group as they followed.
When they arrived at the correct room, the light inside was off. Rowan grabbed a gun out of the nearest shadow, preparing for the possibility of an ambush.
She walked in and flipped the light switch.
Kaitlyn screamed—one long, bloodcurdling sound.
In the middle of the room, there was a pillar that ran from floor to ceiling. It had always been there, but now it held one major difference.
Shy was standing in front of the pillar. Her arms were bent backwards around it, and her hands were bound with thickly braided rope. Her head hung back lifelessly, her eyes closed in death.
The cloth over her stomach was ripped to shreds, and four words were carved into her skin. Cold fear gripped Rowan as she read the disturbing sentence:
The Nevers will rise.
