Cory's in Goal

By Chris Hampton

Published by Chris Hampton at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Chris Hampton

Edited by Morgan Chinnock

Cover Design by Renee Barratt at The Cover Counts


All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.  Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17


Chapter 1

“Keeper’s ball!” shouted Gray Pritchard, Grandview High's All-League goalkeeper.
He flew up out of a tangle of players in front of the goalmouth and snatched the ball out of the air, once again snuffing out the Riverside attack.
The Grandview players moved the ball around like a well-oiled machine.  The team clearly knew each other.  They also knew this was their year.  Some of the boys had played for the varsity team all four years.  Others for two and three.  Now they were ready to give the perennial league champions, West High, a run for the title.  And with Gray Pritchard in goal the championship was achievable, barring some unforeseen disaster.  And that wouldn't happen as far as these boys were concerned.  Everyone was psyched and expected a great year, including Coach Quinn.
Gray gathered the ball into his chest and landed on his side, the ball safely tucked away.  Jumping up, he spun and quickly threw it out to the flank where Grandview's right fullback, Jeff Shue, prowled near the touchline.  Jeff was medium height, slender, and quick.  One of the fastest on the team.  He trapped the pass in one smooth movement and easily directed the ball upfield toward the midline, crossing it with no challenge yet from a Riverside opponent.
Shifting over to support Jeff was Brett McCain, another speedy player at center half.  Brett and Jeff were tight and worked well together.
"Shue!” Brett shouted, sprinting toward Jeff.  “Inside!”
At that moment, a Riverside fullback slid in to tackle Jeff.  Before the fullback hit the ball, though, Jeff clipped a crisp pass over to Brett and leaped into the air, his sandy shoulder-length hair swirling like a lion's mane.  The fullback slid harmlessly past him.
“Switch sides, Brett!” Jeff shouted, landing a few feet from the sprawling fullback then moving upfield with the play.  Brett let Jeff’s pass go through his legs, spun after it, exploded past a defender, and dribbled towards the goal.  Another defender came up to challenge Jeff, so he quickly passed to an open space where Plug, the stocky, redheaded left wing, cut across the field like a shark on attack.
Plug bolted past the defender and was on the ball, in full control, beelining to goal.  A one-on-one with the Riverside goalkeeper!
As Plug closed in, the ‘keeper ran out to stop him.  But, in his panic, he came out too far, too fast.  Plug saw the move, adjusted down his speed, and deftly chipped the ball over the ‘keeper’s head.  The Riverside ‘keeper sprawled backward and watched helplessly as the ball sailed over his head, dropped to the goal line, and bounced in.  The score:  Grandview 1, Riverside 0.
The home crowd roared its approval, even with only half the homeside bleachers filled with spectators.  This was a typical game crowd, as many of the parents worked until 5:00 or 6:00 in the afternoon and only made the one or two night games each season.  Gray's dad owned a string of local pizza delivery places and was always at the games.  But many of the other players, like Tim's father and Jeff's parents, worked up at the cement plant at the foot of the San Bernardino mountains and weren't able to make it down in time for the afternoon games.  The plant was one of the largest employers in the area.  It did allow parents early time off for special occasions like a championship, but for regular season it was mostly the same dedicated fans for each game.
The Grandview players slapped high fives and jogged back to restart the game.  The Riverside bleachers, on the opposite side with even fewer spectators, were quiet with disappointment, their sidelines peppered with hanging heads.  On the home side, Coach Quinn clapped as he stood in front of his own bench of backup players, satisfied.  The bench players smiled, looking on with anticipation.  Everyone on Grandview nodded in the confidence that this would be another easy win.  One more opponent to cast aside on the road to the championship.

Grandview High was located in one of the many high desert towns of Southern California.  It was a landscape of dirt.  Scattered over the sun-baked ground was creosote bushes, tumbleweeds, and occasional Joshua Trees fighting for space where sprawling neighborhoods had sprung up over the years.  Everything was spread out here.  Even the town itself was hard to locate with all the big box stores and fast food restaurants crouched around stoplights at the various isolated intersections, connected only by vacant alfalfa fields and rambling neighborhoods.
The soccer pitch at Grandview High was one of the few islands of green in the area, shining like an emerald lake stuck in the middle of a brown, dusty moonscape.  Keeping it green during soccer season was always a challenge, but high priority for the school and Coach Quinn.  The boys liked their field and felt it gave them a hometown advantage over the bumpy and rocky fields of the other schools.  Today was no different with both teams jogging out onto the green carpet of grass after the short halftime break.

As the second half started, the score was still the same.  Grandview had clearly controlled the first half and expected to continue the pressure on Riverside in the second half.
Suddenly, a Riverside wing was free down the right side, pushing the ball five feet in front and then chasing after it.  From the far corner, he quickly crossed into Grandview’s goalie box.  Gray Pritchard’s goalie box.  It was dangerously high, dropping twelve yards out from goal.  Most goalkeepers hesitate to go out in this no-man's land, but not Gray.  He quickly shot off his line, confident of capturing the cross.
At the same time, a Riverside forward ran full speed into the box, his objective: to beat the ‘keeper to the ball and score!  Gray leaped up to catch the ball at the same time the Riverside striker jumped to head it.  Gray was quicker and higher in the air, and when they made contact, the stricker clipped his legs.  Gray’s body twisted out sideways, his left leg trailing down and taking the weight of his fall.
“CRACK!”
The sound shot through the stadium.  The Grandview bench jumped up in horror.  Gray went down in a heap, letting go of the ball and grabbing his left ankle.  Jeff quickly kicked the ball out of bounds, then kneeled next to his fallen teammate.  The rest of the Grandview players quickly gathered around Gray as the referee blew his whistle and signaled for Coach Quinn to come onto the field and check his player.  The Riverside striker was carded by the ref, as Gray, his face a picture of pain, held his ankle with both hands.  It was bad.  The outside was swelling quickly.  Coach Quinn gingerly touched  the ankle, probing for a broken bone.  Quinn's bulldog face showed his concern.
“Shue," Quinn said, looking up.  "Let’s get him off the field.  He won’t be playing anymore today.”
Jeff crouched down and draped Gray’s left arm around his shoulders.  Quinn did the same with Gray’s right arm.  They carried the ‘keeper to the bench, the electric atmosphere of the game gone now.  On the field, the players stood motionless.  The Grandview players were stunned at this sudden change of fortune.
As Quinn and Jeff reached the bench, Gray hobbling badly, Gray’s father and older brother rushed down from the bleachers.  They took over supporting Gray.  Quinn spoke quietly to Mr. Pritchard, then walked over to the bench, as Mr. Pritchard and his oldest son helped Gray to the family car.  The players on the bench looked expectantly at Quinn.  He only stood quietly, looking at the ground.
Coach Quinn was medium height, but powerfully built.  He wore his jet black hair cropped close, in what the boys affectionately called Coach Q's buzz-cut, a touch of gray at the ears.  A hard driver, Quinn had earned the boys' appreciation with his calm yet determined approach to the sport.  During games, he could be seen standing in front of the bench intently focused on the flow, the ups and downs, of the opposing teams and working on a strategy to secure the win.  A strong and dependable mentor, Quinn could be counted on to rally the team when needed.  With Gray off the pitch and on his way to the hospital, now was one of those times.
“Towson!” Quinn suddenly barked, looking to the far end of the bench.  “You’re in goal."  Quinn walked over to his backup goalkeeper, Cory Towson, and put a hand on his shoulder.  "Don’t take any chances out there, son.”
“Yes, sir,” answered Cory, pulling on his goalie gloves and running onto the field.
Cory was new to the team.  Just before school started, he had moved to Grandview from a small town in Utah.  He didn't really know the other players, was not a part of the tight-knit squad, and his experience amounted to one season as goalkeeper for a rec team back in Utah.
The team in Utah was nothing like this skilled Grandview team.  They weren't as serious about the game.  His old team was more interested in just playing, having fun-not winning.  As the backup 'keeper here at Grandview, Cory liked his role sitting on the bench and watching Gray show what a real goalkeeper could do.  This let Cory improve at his own pace.
Now, he felt numb as he ran to the goal, fumbling with the velcro straps on his goalie gloves.  This wasn’t right.  In an instant, he'd become the new goalkeeper, at least for this game, and he realized the sinking feeling in his stomach was fear.
Ten minutes to go in the game.  "Hang on and keep the ball out of the net," he told himself as he stood awkwardly in front of the goal.  He could feel the Grandview crowd watching him, wondering if he had what it would take to replace Gray.
"Shit," he mumbled to no one.
The referee awarded a free kick to Grandview to restart the game.  As the ball moved upfield, Cory could clearly see the battle for possession in the midfield.
“Please," Cory whispered.  "Stay there.”
To protect their lead, Quinn dropped two forwards back to add strength to the defense.  The strategy was to hang on to the one-goal lead and play out the clock.  Cory watched the battle intently, constantly trying to calculate the remaining time before the final whistle.  It had to be close.
Suddenly, a Riverside striker bolted past Tim Turner, Grandview's sweeper, and ran on to chase a long pass from the midfield.  The pass had been quick and over Tim's head.  The Riverside forward was free and by himself.  With the ball.  He came straight at Cory, one-on-on!  Cory had never stopped a one-on-one.
The striker raced with the ball, closer to Cory with every other step.  Cory could see Jeff desperately sprinting back to help, but the Riverside striker was now at the top of the box.  Jeff and the other Grandview defenders were too late!
Cory’s mind went blank.  How do you stop a one-on-one?  Panicking, he rushed off his line straight at the striker.  He didn’t know what else to do.  The forward cocked his leg back as if to shoot and, as he did, Cory tripped and hit the ground, face first.  Both hands sprawled in front of him.  Desperately, he reached out for the ball.  The Riverside striker simply faked the shot, moved the ball to the left of Cory, and shot it into the goal.  Cory instinctively tried grabbing the forward’s feet, but ended up grabbing air instead.  The striker threw his arm up in triumph as the ball hit the back of the net.
The score was tied.
The Riverside bench erupted, ecstatic over their good fortune as Cory slowly picked himself up off the grass.  The referee blew the whistle.  Time had run out.  The game was over.  In front of the goal, the Riverside players slapped their striker on the back, celebrating.  The Grandview players stood in shock.  Some squatted where they had stopped on the field.  Others held their head in their hands in disbelief.  A tie was as bad as a loss to Grandview, and now they had some rookie in goal.
Cory walked over to the bench, dirt caked down the front of his shirt, a rip in the left knee of his goalie pants.  He wanted to crawl away.  Anywhere but this place.  The game was a tie, and it was his fault.  Cory knew how much Quinn and the boys wanted the league title.  It’s all they talked about, lived for.  A tie only made it that much harder to reach.  No one felt that pressure more than Cory Towson.


Chapter 2

After the game, Cory quickly changed into his street clothes.  The locker room, a big open space with lockers against three of the four walls and benches in the middle, was quiet as he stripped off his gear.  His black goalie pants had a tear in the knee and the expensive goalie gloves he'd talked his mom into buying certainly hadn't helped keep the ball out of the net.  He stuffed the gear into his locker and quickly jammed on his blue jeans and black Metallica t-shirt.  Cory was not about to take a shower.  Nowhere to hide in this big room and the silence of his teammates made standing at his locker unbearable.  All he could focus on was getting out of there as fast as possible.  The looks were tolerable, but not the silence.  So, he threw his backpack on and walked out the double doors to the bike rack and parking lot.
Cory Towson was short for a goalkeeper.  He figured he would grow taller.  After all, his father stood at six feet, two inches.  And though only a sophomore in high school, growth needed to happen now, as far as he was concerned.  Cory did have the strong chin and thick brown hair from his dad's side of the family.  But his hazel eyes were clearly from his mom's side.
As he pedaled his bike, a silver Costco ten speed, down Kingsway Road, he thought about his father.  There had been times, at home or even going out to eat, when his father would pick Cory up and hoist him over his head, onto his shoulders.  It had always felt to Cory like being in the clouds when he rode on his father’s shoulders.  He stopped pedaling and coasted.  Of course, that was a long time ago.  And now, with his parents divorced, his father was out of their lives.  The reminder that their family was not a family anymore soured Cory’s stomach.  What a lousy day, he thought, beginning to pedal again.
“Cory!”
Cory coasted again and turned at the familiar sound of the voice, balancing a little left to keep upright.
“Hey!  Wait up!”
It was Gene Van Sykes.  Straining at the pedals of his own bike, he was trying to catch up with Cory.  Gene was a friend.  A pain sometimes, thought Cory, but his only friend since moving here back in July.  Cory slowed, then stopped, so Gene could catch up.  He put a foot on the curb so he could stay in the seat.
Gene was tall and lanky, and the too-small bicycle he was riding made the image worse.  His long legs stuck out at strange angles, pumping up and down wildly on his black BMX.  The picture made Cory laugh.  Gene quickly caught up and Cory, pushing off the curb, fell into rhythm with Gene’s crazy legs.
“Hey, Gene,” Cory nearly shouted, looking sideways at Gene’s bike.  Both boys swung their bikes onto Longview Street, leaning in unison.  “Why don’t you get a bigger bike?”
Gene shot a quick look at Cory, cheeks still red from his effort to catch up.  “Man, you know why.”  Gene had a habit of saying "man" that always surprised Cory.  He wasn’t sure where Gene picked up the habit, but Cory thought it sounded dumb.
“Oh, right,” Cory called back.  “Not ‘til that one falls apart.”
Cory smiled as he looked over at Gene, feeling the afternoon wind press the shirt against his chest.  They were even, riding down the middle of the road.
“I could take it apart.  Put it back again so it won’t ride.”
“No!” cried Gene, jerking his bike reflexively away from Cory’s, then angling back to resume their pace together.  “It’s okay to ride,” he said half-heartedly.
Cory smiled again.  He hadn’t really meant what he said.  He just wanted to hear Gene’s reaction.  Gene, as far as Cory knew, never tried anything daring or new.  He always played it safe, and this somehow made Cory feel better than Gene.
“Tough game today,” Gene said as they cruised past Lumar Street, Gene’s turnoff for home.  Gene stayed with him.  Cory was glad for the company.  He guessed his mom wasn’t home.
“Yeah,” answered Cory.  “If I hadn’t fallen on my face out there, maybe they wouldn’t have scored.  I blew it.”
“You didn’t get proper warm-up time,” Gene said.  “Gray messed up his ankle and you had to go in cold.”
Cory's stomach tightened as they talked about the game.
“Well,” continued Gene, his legs pumping frantically for a few turns, stopping, then pumping, to keep up with Cory.  “According to research…”
“Aw, here we go again, “ sighed Cory, dropping his head in disgust and nearly hitting the handlebars on his bike.  “Another research talk.”
Gene ignored him.  “As I said, according to the research, athletes, especially goalkeepers, need a minimum of fifteen minutes' warm-up to be properly prepared for the quick movements a game demands.”
“That’s fine, professor," Cory snapped, his anger rising.  "Just try telling that to Quinn and the rest of the guys!”
They coasted into Cory’s driveway.
“Dang,” Gene said, as they coasted to a stop.  “I was just trying to help.”
“Yeah, well,” Cory answered, tossing his bike on the grass in frustration.  “Thanks, anyway.”
The driveway was empty where Cory's mom always parked.  Empty more often, since she started seeing this new man.  It used to be so different back in Utah.  Someone was always there to welcome Cory home after school.  But it’d been a year since the divorce and now Cory and his dad hardly spoke.
As Cory and Gene entered the kitchen, sure enough, Cory spied a note on the refrigerator.  It was held in place by a magnet with a bird and the word Intention on it.  He’s always wondered what the word meant, but never asked.  He glanced at the note.
Cory.  Be home later.  At the mall.  Love, Mom.
“Yeah, right,” mumbled Cory, opening the refrigerator and pulling out a large jar of chunky peanut butter and another filled with strawberry jam.  Gene was already separating slices of bread.
“Yeah, right, what?” Gene asked, moving to the jars, dipping out peanut butter and slapping it onto the bread.  Cory worked the jam.
“Nothin’,” he answered.
The two boys worked as a team.  In a matter of minutes they had four sandwiches, a bag of kettle chips, and plastic bottles of soda on the kitchen table.  There was lots of chewing and gulping before either boy said a word.  Gene was clumsy when it came to sports, thought Cory as he bit again into his first sandwich, but he works like a pro when it comes to food.  Gene was first to speak.
“So, what’s up with your mom, man?”  He took another bite of sandwich.  “She’s usually home.”
Cory did not answer right away.  His mom worked from home, transferring medical records from different insurance companies into some online storage platform, as she called it.  He thought again about the note.  Then he thought about the man.  Allen.  Lately, that’s always where she went, to be with Allen.
Images flashed through Cory’s mind as he chewed, his sandwich suddenly tasting like sawdust.  Like last week when Cory wanted to ask about buying new goalie gloves.  Cory's mom suddenly dashed outside in the middle of their conversation to greet Allen, who had just driven into the driveway.  Yeah, Cory had to admit, they talked later.  But it was clear Allen was more important than her own son!
Cory suddenly realized Gene was staring at him.  His eyes looked bigger than normal.
“Um, what did you say?” Cory asked, feeling foolish.
Gene took a slow bite of his sandwich, chewed, then swallowed.
“Man, you just spaced out.  Like you were mad or something.”
Cory focused on eating his sandwich to cover up his embarrassment.  “Oh, my mother’s just gone all the time these days,” he said with a mouth half full of food.
“That’s okay,” Gene said, putting the last bite, enough for two mouthfuls, in his mouth.  “Thath meanths we can eath more footh,” he said, spraying breadcrumbs across the table.  Cory had taken a sip of soda and suddenly choked with laughter at Gene’s antics, snorting it out through his nostrils.
Both boys broke into hysterics, each battling to swallow his mouthful.  For the next few minutes, each time Gene or Cory looked at each other, howling fits of laughter followed.  Cory felt tears come to his eyes.
Eventually, they managed to finish eating.  Gene decided he had to go home, placing his empty dish and glass in the sink.  Cory followed him out, through the kitchen door and into the open garage.
“See you tomorrow,” Cory said, half waving as Gene picked up his bike.
“Yep,” Gene shouted back over his shoulder and rode off.
As Cory walked back into the empty house, the shift from uncontrolled laughter to the quiet depressed him.  He sighed, went to the table, picked up his dishes and placed them in the sink on top of Gene’s.  Walking aimlessly out of the kitchen, he went into the living room and looked out the front window.  The afternoon sun splashed softly on the front lawn.  It looked peaceful out there, but inside, his stomach and nerves were a wreck.  He kept replaying in his mind his face-plant that led to the Riverside goal.  Walking over to the couch, Cory switched on the television and turned up the volume more than was allowed when his mom was home.  Anything to push the memory of those ten minutes in goal out of his mind.


Chapter 3

The next day, Coach Quinn had a team meeting.
“Bad news, boys,” he began quietly.  “I spoke with Mr. Pritchard last night.  Gray has a fractured ankle.”  The team seemed to groan in unison.  “He’s out for six weeks.  Maybe the whole season.”
Quinn, the rock of a man, who had been a fullback in his day and as tough as they come, couldn't hide his disappointment.  One of his top players, now out of commission.  It changed everything.  Everyone knew the cost of losing Gray.  None of this disappointment escaped Cory’s awareness.  He felt the heaviness in the room settle like a dead weight on his shoulders.  Coach Quinn continued.
“So, we regroup,” he said, looking up at Cory.  Cory was sitting on the back bench, hoping to go unnoticed.  The boys shifted their attention.  “Cory will tend the nets now.”  No one said a word, and Cory's face flushed.  “He’s a bit inexperienced but knows our system.”
Quinn looked hard at Cory, apparently wondering if he was up to the task.  Cory felt awkward, not liking the scrutiny.  At five-feet, six-inches tall, 140 pounds, he was shorter than Gray, but stockier.  His light blue eyes looked back at Quinn, then darted down.  His hands fumbled with one of the goalie gloves.
“We’ve got a long road ahead,” Quinn said, raising his voice.  “Let’s get to work!”
The locker room exploded into activity.  Boys gathered gear, slammed lockers, and poured through the doors leading to the soccer field.  Cory quickly pulled on his jersey, picked up his bag but then froze next to the bench he'd been sitting on.  When the room was nearly empty, Cory followed a few feet behind Tim and Jeff.  Tim was the team’s sweeper.  A loud and sometimes rude kid who played the same way.  As he and Jeff crossed the track onto the soccer field, Cory overheard Tim.
“Guess I’m gonna have to babysit now,” he said sarcastically.
“Aw, give the dude a break,” answered Jeff.
“Whatever!” Tim laughed.  “Towson ain’t gonna replace Gray, no way!  We’re gonna have to cover our butts with him back there.”  Tim kicked at the grass.  “Damn, I wish Gray hadn’t busted his ankle.”  It was Tim's last year in high school and he wanted a championship as bad as anyone.
“Give ‘im a chance,” Jeff said.  “Towson may work out.”
“Yea, sure,” Tim shot back.  “And I’m the Easter Bunny!”
For the next hour, it was practice as usual.  Quinn had the boys do a light workout, focusing on speed.  Cory was one of the fastest on the team and showed it during sprints.  But Cory knew that quickness alone would not be good enough to stop shots on goal.  He needed some help, some kind of ‘keeper coaching.
Finally, Quinn separated the offense from the defense.  Cory went in goal with four defenders in front of him.  From half field, three forwards and three midfielders attacked the defense, going for goal.  Both teams worked on positioning and adjusting in the game-like drill.  For Cory, it was test time.
The first run had Jimmy, the right wing, dribbling down the flank.  As he entered the attacking third of the field, he faked to go inside, shifted his weight back outside, and shot by the outside fullback.  Manny Varela, the center forward, flashed his hand to signal a cross.  From the goal line, Cory watched him glide to the post on his left and at the same time watched the wing too, to see when the cross would come.  Cory drifted towards Manny, thinking he might cut him off and intercept the cross.  It was a mistake.  The wing drove a hard cross over both Cory and Manny to the back post.  Plug had sprinted in from the back side and easily headed the ball into the open net.
“Towson!” Quinn shouted his midfield perch.  “Don’t commit until the ball is crossed.  That way you know where it’s going!”
“Yes sir,” answered Cory, feeling foolish.  Manny had made it look like he was the target.  Cory never even thought about the back post.  Manny just smiled at Cory and trotted back to midfield.
“Okay,” Quinn barked.  “Do it again!”
Cory at least showed some improvement over the next few runs.  He actually had one shining moment when Tim tried to tackle the ball away from Manny at the top of the box.  Manny had dropped his shoulder left, shifting Tim to that side.  Then, he quickly pulled the ball back to his right with the bottom of his foot.  Another two steps and he fired a rocket at goal.
Cory had watched the challenge, standing four yards off the goal line.  Unsure, he decided to stay put.  Not commit.  When the shot came, Cory was all instinct.  There was no time to think.  He dove left and just tipped the ball beyond the goal post, out of bounds.  He felt good as he picked himself up.  Nobody congratulated him, though.  He hid his disappointment and repositioned in the goal mouth, not sure but thinking he caught a quick smile from Coach Quinn.  It was enough.  A beginning.


Chapter 4

When Cory got home that afternoon, another message from his mother was posted on the refrigerator.  As usual, it was brief.  She would be home around eight o'clock.  Dinner with Allen.  At least she admitted it this time, he thought.
Pot pies in the freezer and salad in the fridge.  Love you, Mom.
Cory made a sandwich and flicked on the television, trying to forget the note.  He felt his anger, as always, just below the surface.  He sat on the floor, the couch a backrest, while an afternoon cartoon played across the screen.  The cartoon failed to capture his attention, so Cory's eyes wandered to the bookshelves on each side of the television.  Leaning against the books precariously were frames with family pictures.  A good shake, like an earthquake, and they’d all come tumbling down.  Just like his family had when Dad suddenly announced he was leaving Mom for another woman.  Just like an earthquake, the family rocked apart.  Dad still in Utah, and he and Mom here.
One of the pictures was from happier times.  It was on a trip to Sunset Crater in northern Arizona.  Cody was standing with his father, a posed shot.  They were at the foot of the cinder mound, both smiling.  Not that long ago, he thought ruefully.  Familiar, older feelings washed over him from that time when life was as it was supposed to be.  Then, that last morning with his dad crowded into his memory.  It was early morning.  Cory was taking out the garbage.  His dad came out of the house, walking quickly, gave Cory an awkward hug, climbed into his car, and drove away.  Cory just stood there, holding the black plastic garbage bag in one hand, and watched his car disappear down the road.
“Why that other woman, Dad?” he groaned to the silent space in front of him.  Cory had asked that question a thousand times, but never to his father’s face.  He was never given the chance.  He left without explanation.  And there it was again, that feeling of emptiness and, yes, even loneliness.  Cory forced his eyes to focus back on the television.
Just then, the doorbell rang, snapping Cory to the present.  He jumped up and walked quickly to the door.  Opening it before looking first through the peephole, he decided he didn’t care who was there.  Let them get me, he thought.
“Hey man!  Whatcha doin’?”
It was Gene.
“Nothing,” answered Cory, opening the screen door to let him in.  Gene seemed all happy and carefree, and Cory suddenly found he wished he had Gene’s life instead of his own.  Gene never seemed to worry much.
“What you watchin’ TV for?” Gene called loudly, standing in front of the set.  A commercial was on about some drug and all its side effects.  Gene stared at the screen.  After closing the front door, Cory walked up and stood next to him.
“Yeah, right,” Gene snorted.  “The side effects of that drug are enough to kill ya!”
“I suppose,” mumbled Cory, not caring one way or the other.  “Hey!  Let’s get out of here.  Go to your house."
Gene pulled his eyes from the screen and looked dubiously at Cory.
“Why my house?” he said.  “You never want to go there.”
Cory moved to the kitchen to set his soda in the fridge.  “More reason to go!” he said.  “This place rots right now.”  He came back into the living room and switched off the TV.  How could he say that he wanted to see what a normal family was like?  “You can show me that goalkeeper stuff.”
Gene’s eyes lit up.  “Hey, man.  Okay.  It’s on my flash drive, but we can watch it on the large monitor in my room.”
Both boys rushed out the garage door.  Cory suddenly stopped.
“Wait!” he called, running back inside to the front door and locking it, back through the kitchen and into the garage again, all in less than a minute.  He was just about to push the garage door button to lower it when he remembered he should leave a note.  He felt the anger return.
“Aw, hell with it!”  Pushing the button, he scooted under the dropping door, deftly stepping over the safety beam that stops the door.  “Let’s go!”
He picked up his bike, ran next to it for a few steps, then threw a leg over and landed on the seat.  Wobbling precariously as he coasted out of the driveway, he fitted his feet into the pedals and chased Gene.  Gene was already turning onto Longview.  The two boys raced down the road, the garage door creaking shut behind them.


Chapter 5

“What’s all that stuff?” Cory asked, his face close to Gene’s monitor screen.  Gene was looking through one of his flashdrives for the goalkeeper material, projecting it on the monitor from his iPad.
“This drive has all my research,” Gene answered.  “The latest Quantum Theory stuff, Starwater, The Electric Universe, CMEs…”
“CMEs?”
Gene leaned back for a moment and looked at Cory.
“Coronal Mass Ejection, duh.” He said, then laughed.  “Energetic pulses from the sun that sometimes hit the earth’s magnetic shield.”
The science they studied in school never mentioned CMEs or The Electric Universe.
Gene clicked on an icon that said Soccer Training and it opened.  He then clicked on the Winning Goalkeeper Training Methods folder.
“Here you go, my man.”  A picture grew on the screen.  The figure of a goalkeeper filled half the monitor, then shrunk back showing him standing in front of a goal.  “Just a little touch I added,” Gene said proudly.  "Watch this.”
A ball came into view from the right side, hurdling quickly towards the goalkeeper.  The action had a 3D effect.  Cory was amazed.  The goalkeeper suddenly came alive and dove to the corner, snagging the ball with his hands, then stood up and performed a victory dance.  The speakers Gene had hooked up barked with the sound of a cheering crowd.
The boys started laughing and when Gene accidentally snorted, taking in a breath, they laughed even harder.  For the next couple of hours, the boys went between viewing the goalkeeping lessons to playing games.  Then, they heard a knock on the door.
“Are you boys okay in there?” Gene's mom asked through the door.
“Just fine, mom,” Gene answered.  “We’re on the computer.”
“Are you two hungry?  It’s getting late.”  Their eyes lit up.  They had forgotten about food.  “If Cory wants to stay I'll make pizza.”  Gene quickly looked at Cory.
“Yes!” both boys shouted in unison.
The boys turned back to the screen, Gene tapping the mouse.  The boys went back to the goalkeeper training video, then explored some of Gene’s other programs.  The only time they stopped was to open the door to gather in the pizza.  As they ate, the boys decided to go back to their game of Angry Birds they'd abandoned earlier.  Suddenly, Cory straightened.  “What time is it?”
Gene looked at the small clock on the bottom right of his screen.
“It’s 8:30,” Gene said, clicking out of the game.
“Crap!  My mom’s gonna kill me!”  Cory ran to the bedroom door.  “I’ll see you tomorrow.”  He opened it and dashed through, then popped his head back in.  “Tell your mom the pizza was awesome!”
Cory flew down the dark street on his bike.  It was about two miles to Cory’s house, and getting home didn’t take very long.  But being this late was not good.  His mom was dead set against him riding the streets after dark.  He turned onto Longview and then veered into his cul-de-sac.  As he approached the driveway, Cory suddenly locked his brakes, skidding to a halt.  He was still in the darkness of the cul de sac.  Allen's corvette was parked next to his mom's car.  Great, he thought.  He walked his bike between the two cars and tentatively peered in through the laundry room window.  His mother and Allen were sitting at the kitchen table.  It looked like they were drinking coffee.  Maybe they haven’t noticed the time, he thought hopefully, quietly stowing his bike in the garage.  Cory glanced at the Corvette.  It was a drop top, open to the night sky.
“Fancy car,” he mumbled.  A picture of his mom in the passenger seat, her long brown hair blowing in the wind, popped into his mind.  He shook his head to clear the image and faced the door into the house.  On the other side of that door was the laundry room, which led to the kitchen.  He took a quick breath, and turned the doorknob.
“Mister, where have you been?”  Mrs. Towson almost shouted the question, her brown hair pulled back behind her head, unlike the corvette image a few seconds ago.  “You know how I feel about you riding after dark!”
The suddenness of her anger was like a blow to Cory’s senses, already heightened by being late.  “Sorry mom, I …”
“Sorry?!” she interrupted.  “We’ve been sitting here for over an hour worried to death, wondering where you were, what might have happened to you!”
Cory stood motionless at the kitchen sink, frozen by her intensity.  Her anger didn't fit with the long pony tail and flower-covered sundress she had on.  She never yelled at him.  They always talked about mistakes and responsibilities.  As he recoiled, Cory was painfully aware of Allen sitting quietly at the kitchen table, watching.
“Frankly Cory, I’m surprised at you,” his mother continued.  “Lately, you seem so preoccupied with yourself.  And now this!”  She took a quick breath, her green eyes staring hard at him.  Cory suddenly felt panicked, caged.  “What do you have to say for yourself?  Well?”
Cory’s mind went blank.  Frozen.  He wanted to explain that he had been over at Gene’s and forgot the time, but his mother’s sudden fury and Allen sitting there made him feel helpless.
“Well, I know what,” Mrs. Towson broke the short silence.  “You’re grounded this weekend.”
“What?” Cory blurted, suddenly finding his voice.  “But, Mom, you haven’t even listened to my…”
“That’s final, young man!”
There was a deathly quiet in the room.  Cory felt a burning at the edges of his eyes.  He stared at his mom, glanced at Allen.  The panic was rising.  Allen sat there, his elbows resting on the table top, revealing thick forearms.  Cory, for the first time, noticed his strong featured face with the large nose, framed by wavy brown hair.  His hazel eyes stared steadily at Cory.  It was bad enough his mom yelling at him.  But in front of Allen?  A stranger?  He looked back at his mother, the pressure building like too much air in a balloon.
“Fine!” he blurted out.  The burn increased in his eyes.  He would not let Allen see the tears.  “Don’t listen to me!”
He walked quickly past his mother and Allen, then down the hallway to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.  He threw himself down on his bed, pulled his pillow over the top of his head, and tried desperately to stop the inevitable.  But it was impossible.  Too much had been bottled up inside and now it was coming out.  At least in his bedroom, nobody would hear the deep sobs of grief and anger that shook his body.


Chapter 6

The Parkside Thunderbirds were on tap for this week.  Parkside was good, but Grandview had always defeated them in the past.  Today, if all went well, would be no different.  However, in the first five minutes of the game, Parkside managed to score on a loose ball in front of the goal.  Cory tried to pounce on it but was screened by a Parkside player.  Just as he was falling on the bouncing ball, another player stabbed at the ball with his toe and scored.
“Heads up, Cory," Jeff called out.  The ball was kicked back up to midfield for the restart.  “Stay focused!”
“Yo, Towson,” Tim said over his shoulder.  “You know what focus means?”
“Back off, Tim."  It was Jeff.
Cory trudged to the goal line, shoulders slumped, and stood in goal squinting at the back of Tim’s head.  “How was I supposed to stop that shot?” he mumbled too quiet for anyone to hear.  “I couldn’t get to it.”
Grandview picked up its pace after the goal.  They moved the ball upfield on the outside, sending in crosses from there.  But every time Manny or one of the other forwards went to head the ball or get a foot on the end of it, the Parkside ‘keeper was there, always outjumping the Grandview players or cutting off the pass.  Fifteen minutes went by with no score.  Grandview was controlling the game, but the goals weren’t coming.
In midfield, Brett, the Grandview center halfback, tackled the ball away from a Parkside striker and jumped up after the tackle, the ball at his foot.  He bolted out right to get some space and time to look for an open teammate.  He saw Billy on the right flank and passed him the ball.  Billy took control, moving up the outside but made little headway as an outside fullback shifted over to shut down his progress.
“Pass back!” Brett cried, supporting Billy from behind.  Billy turned, shielding the ball with his body, and quickly tapped the ball back to Brett, who then passed it further back to Tim.
“Tim,” Brett called, acting as Tim’s eyes. “Switch sides.”
Tim trapped the ball to the inside and moved it across the middle.  For some reason, he seemed slow.  Casual.  As if no Parkside player was nearby.  Cory didn’t like the look of it, watching a Parkside forward shifting, but wasn’t confident enough to yell at Tim to hurry up.  Tim finally passed to Jerry, on the far side of the pitch, but the pass was lazy.  Dropping back from midfield, the Parkside player saw his chance and bolted to intercept the pass.  Tim spied him, but too late.  The striker touched the ball past a sliding Tim Turner, leaped over him, and was on his way to goal, straight at Cory!
Cory shot off his line but stopped at the penalty spot area, frozen to the ground, not sure what to do.  The Parkside striker was 25 yards out and, when his foot hit the ball, it was a rocket.
Cory dove left.  Too slow and too far from the ball’s trajectory to stop it.  It had already flown by as Cory hit the ground.  The Parkside supporters went wild.  Parkside had an unbelievable two goals to Grandview’s none.
Cory picked himself up, his left elbow aching from the landing, and looked at the ball in the net.  Tim was standing 30 yards out from goal.  He hadn't even tried to stop the shot, Cory thought, and now everyone was going to blame him for Tim’s lazy pass.  Tim came rushing back towards Cory.
“What happened?” he yelled.  “That guy shot from 25 yards out.  You couldn’t stop that?” Tim was almost in Cory’s face.
“What?” Cory said, angry at the accusation.
“You heard me!”
Jeff came running up and forced himself between Tim and Cory.
“Check it, guys!” Jeff demanded.  “What’s your problem, Tim?  That pass sucked!”
“Look!” shouted Tim.  He stared over Jeff’s shoulder at Cory.  “If I didn’t have to babysit Towson…”  He pointed an accusing finger at Cory.
“I’m doing the best I can!”
“Well, it ain't enough!” Tim answered.
“Okay, okay,” Jeff interrupted, pushing Tim upfield.  “Let’s just play ball.”
The defenders jogged back into position for the restart while Cory stomped back to goal.  He started kicking one of the goal posts, half to knock dirt off his shoes and half in anger.
“What a jerk!” he mumbled to the post, holding it with both hands as he kicked.
The game took a minute to restart as the referee checked the air in the ball.  It needed a bit more, and a pump was brought out to fill it.  Cory’s eyes wandered over to the bleachers.  He guessed about a hundred people were up there, a big crowd, and he was having a nightmare of a game.  The whistle blew and his attention came back to the midfield, where the ball was thrown in by Grandview.
As before, Grandview was winning the battles, but losing the war.  They could not score.  Plug tried taking the ball down the left side and crossing it.  No luck.  They switched to the right side, sending crosses high to the top of the box where Manny was waiting.  His traps were good but his shots were over the crossbar.  Down the middle, Brett and Jimmy worked a beautiful series of one-two passes, only to lose the ball to the quick goalkeeper at the top of the box.
Standing in goal, Cory took it all in.  His team’s frustration was building.  He was frustrated too.  Funny, he thought to himself, how he felt apart from the team.  He watched as Parkside’s defense repeatedly shut down Grandview’s attacks, and noticed Quinn sitting quietly.  He wasn't in his usual spot on the sideline, shouting encouragement and instruction to the boys.  Today, he was quiet.
And the scoring wasn’t over for Parkside.  With two minutes left in the game, Cory came out to catch a cross but misjudged the height of the ball.  His outstretched arms were well under it as it sailed over his head, off the head of a Parkside winger, and into the goal.  Making matters worse, the striker bumped Cory into the side netting as Cory was reaching to pick up the ball.
“Outta my way, loser,” the striker laughed.  “Where’s your great ‘keeper, Pritchard?” he said, picking up the ball and jogging back toward midfield.  “You coulda used him today!”
Five minutes later, the game was over.  Parkside 3, Grandveiw 0.  It had been a disaster, and nobody felt it more keenly than Cory.  At the bench, everyone was quiet, even Quinn.  It was depressing.  All Cory could think about was getting away.  This feeling was getting to be a habit and he hated it.  The angry looks from his teammates were there.  He could feel them without looking up.  He kept his eyes on his pack, avoiding the angry looks of his teammates, and stowing away his gloves and water bottle.  As the team gathered gear and trailed off to the locker room, Cory loitered behind so he could walk alone.  The bleachers were mostly deserted now, a few stragglers here and there talking.  Passing the end of the bleachers, he noticed a man sitting alone on the bottom row.  He was looking at Cory.  Cory walked by, avoiding eye contact.
“Tough game, young man.”
Cory slowed.  “Excuse me?” he said, looking over at the man.
“Tough loss today,” the man said.  “But it wasn’t that bad, you know.  You show promise.”
“Yeah?” Cory answered half-heartedly, walking on.  The man didn’t say anything more and Cory was glad.  He didn’t want any conversation with a stranger.  As he approached the locker room doors, Gene suddenly appeared, running up and falling into step with Cory.
“Hey man, harsh game,” Gene said.  Cory didn’t mind talking to Gene.  With Gene, he didn’t have to pretend.
“Tell me about it.”
“You know,” Gene spoke up.  “That Tim’s a real jerk.”  Cory looked quickly at Gene, but Gene was staring down as they walked.  “I saw how he came at you and got in your face.”
“Yeah,” said Cory.  “He acts like he never makes a mistake.”
“He did that time.”
Cory looked again at Gene.  Gene smiled, looking like a younger version of an old-time teacher with a sleeveless sweater over a long-sleeve and shirt.  The sweater buttoned down the front and was plaid.  Cory smiled back wondering where Gene got his clothes.
“You think so?” Cory asked.
“Hell ya,” Gene blurted.  Cory was surprised.  It was the first time he’d heard Gene curse, mild as it was.  “I know I don’t play, but it’s clear Tim should not have passed that ball.  The Parkside player was too close, making interception a statistical certainty.”  Cory felt relieved, though he wasn’t sure what a statistical certainty was.
“Hey, Towson?  Who’s your geeky friend?” It was Tim.  “Maybe he can teach you how to ‘keep!”
Tim laughed as he jogged by, over to his dad’s Escalade idling in the parking lot.  Cory quickly looked at Gene.
“Like you said, he’s a jerk!” Cory snorted.
“Yeah,” answered Gene.  “Wanna get some ice cream at Nelson’s?”
“Sure.” Cory answered.  He loved how Gene seemed to brush off Tim's remark and change the mood.  Then, his expression soured.  “Wait.  Remember I’m on restriction.”
“Duh!” Gene said as goofy as he could.  “Not ‘til this weekend.  And, technically, it’s still a weekday.”
Cory’s eyes lit up.  “You’re right!  It’s Friday,” he said, reaching down to unlock his bike.  He’d already decided to not change in the locker room.  “You buying?”
“Sure,” Gene answered.  “Let’s go!”
The following week during school hours, Cory repeatedly had awkward moments with the rest of the team.  Brett hardly talked during their biology lab work.  At lunch, the boys avoided him, giving Cory the silent treatment.  Only Jeff made contact.
“Where are the guys?” he asked, sitting across from Cory at the team's usual lunch table and looking around.  Cory hesitated.
“They left a few minutes ago.  Before I got here,” he said.
“Really?  Why?”
“Because I walked up, I think.”
“Aw, no way, dude.” Jeff said trying to sound cheerful.  “They probably had something to do.”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right.”
Both boys ate in silence for a few minutes, then Jeff started talking about Charlene Beckman, a girl he was crazy about.  Cory was glad for the break in silence.  She didn't like Jeff, but Jeff refused to give up trying to change her mind.  It was entertaining to listen to him, and if Cory hadn't felt so self-concious about the game and how he wasn’t measuring up to Gray, he might have enjoyed the conversation more.  He just couldn’t shake the feeling of failing the team.
That night, Cory went to his room earlier than usual.  He and his mom were not much on speaking terms.  She tried to talk, but Cory was having none of it.  As he shut the door to his room, he pulled out his cell phone and stared at it, then quickly punched some letters and hit "send".   The phone vibrated with a text back from Gene.
“how was practice”
“usual I stink”
A few seconds went by, then Cory’s phone vibrated with a call.
“Hey,” Cory answered.
"Hey," Gene answered back.
Silence.
“Remember that man?” Gene asked.  “He talked to you after the game.  You know him?”
Cory thought for a moment.
“I can’t remember ever meeting him before.”
“What did he want?”
“Not much.  Told me it was a tough loss.”  Then he remembered.  “He said something about showing promise.  Not sure what he meant.”
“Maybe he’s a scout for a college or a club team,” Gene suggested.
Cory hadn’t thought about that.  Why would he think Cory showed promise, especially after that disaster of a game?
“Who knows?” Cory said, then paused.  “I better get off the phone before my mom hears me.”
“You guys still fighting?”
“Yeah.  I guess so.  For once, she’s home.”
“Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Cory flipped the phone shut and tossed it on his desk.  Then he clicked off his nightstand light and lay back in the darkness.  Since the blowup in front of Allen, his war of silence with his mom amounted to answering only when he had to.  A light knock sounded on the door.  Cory froze inside.  He noticed his natural reaction was to answer, but stifled it and remained silent, dead still, and stretched out on his bed.
“Cory?  Honey?”
He listened to the voice he knew so well.  Somehow, just hearing her voice, without the face, made his silence seem foolish.  But he held out, not answering.  Another knock.
“Goodnight, dear.”
Cory heard the soft pad of his mother’s steps go down the hallway.  His body relaxed and he breathed easy again.  Confused feelings of anger and love for her waged their own battle inside him.  Then, his exhaustion from the stress of the day took over.  Soon, he was breathing steadily, stretched out on his bed, school clothes still on.


Chapter 7

Two weeks later, Grandview took to the field against Colton.  The past two games had been easy away wins for Grandview and Cory had hardly touched the ball in either game.  But today was going to be a challenge, according to Quinn.  Colton was a scrappy team that never gave up.
"Listen carefully, boys," Quinn said in a somber tone before sending them out to warm up.  He always had a brief pre-game chat in the privacy of the locker room.  Today, his dark eyes showed an intensity as he looked at the boys.  "These guys are scrappy and don't play our style of game.  Keep your heads and don't fall into their tactics of kick-and-run."  Quinn looked directly at Cory.  "Trust your fullbacks to help you out, son."  Cory nodded his head.  Quinn nodded back and smiled.
It was time to go.  The boys filed out onto the soccer pitch and went through their pregame warm-ups.  Soon, both teams lined up in starting positions with the Colton players ready on the opposite side of the midline.  The referee checked both goalkeepers and blew his whistle.
After fifteen minutes, Grandview settled into its passing game.  The guys looked good, loose, focused on their opponent.  Presently, Colton had the ball and was bringing it down Cory’s left side.  As they crossed the midline and down the flank, Jerry Fletcher shifted over to pressure the player with the ball.  The Colton wing was fast, but Jerry knew he only used his right foot when he made his moves.
Jerry moved within five feet and a little to the outside of the Colton player.  This forced the winger to shift the ball to his left foot where he wasn’t so comfortable.  As the winger moved towards him, Jerry shuffled backwards, keeping a couple yards' distance between them.  This jockeying by Jerry made it hard for the Colton winger to make a move and blow past him.  And, with the ball mostly on his left foot to keep it away from Jerry, the winger wasn’t sure of his dribbling.
The two players moved down about twenty yards, Jerry keeping up the jockeying and frustrating the winger.  Then, just what Jerry was waiting for.  The winger touched the ball too far in front of him and Jerry lunged with his left leg for the free ball.  His timing was perfect!  His foot stopped the ball, the winger attempted to force it past Jerry but was off balance and, instead, flew past the ball and Jerry's extended leg, hitting the turf on his chest.  Jerry jumped up and quickly pushed the ball in the opposite direction upfield, looking for an open teammate.
“Jerry!” shouted Brett.  “I’m square!”
He passed inside to Brett.  Brett trapped the ball and quickly turned, moving across field to the other side, ditching an opponent with a sudden burst of speed.  His smooth movement with the ball was hypnotizing as he dribbled through the center circle spying Jimmy up front making a run back towards him.  But, there was a halfback between them.  Brett effortlessly chipped a fifteen-yard pass over the halfback, and Jimmy chested the ball down, spun with it, and dribbled toward goal.
“Out to Plug!” Brett shouted to Jimmy.  “Out to Plug!”
Jimmy slowed his dribbling momentum and sent a crisp pass out left and into empty space for Plug to run onto.  Plug bolted for the ball.  He controlled it with the inside of his left foot and cut in sharply toward Colton’s goalie box.  As he crossed the eighteen-yard line at the top of the box, Brett called “Square!” off to his right.  At the same time, the goalkeeper shot off his line to shut down Plug.  Plug let the ‘keeper get within five feet, then punched a quick pass, square to Brett.
“It’s yours, Brett!”
Brett took the pass and, with one touch, slammed home the shot.  The ball hit the back of the net, and the Grandview crowd exploded in cheers!
“Nice work,” Quinn shouted from the bench.  “Way to keep a cool head on that shot, Brett.  And Plug, Jimmy, that’s the way to play the game!”
Quinn was clapping with encouragement, walking up and down the touchline in front of the bench, his buzz cut a familiar and reassuring sight to Cory.  Cory shouted his own cheers upfield, feeling relief with a goal scored.
“Okay, boys,” Quinn barked in that familiar voice.  “Let’s play tough out there.  Take it to ‘em!”
The rest of the half was spent mostly on Colton’s side of the field.  Grandview had some good chances to up the score by two, but the Colton ‘keeper was warmed up now and caught or blocked the ones on target.  The halftime whistle blew.  The score:  Grandview 1, Colton 0.
“Look fellas,” Quinn said during the halftime talk.  “You’re knockin’ on the door.  It’s just a matter of time before you put another one in.”
Jeff listened and nodded in agreement while Tim scraped mud off one of his shoes with the cleats of the other.  Jerry fumbled with tying his shoe and Manny coughed.  Quinn looked satisfied.  The boys came to play today.  Finally, his eyes fell on Cory.  Colton never threatened with a solid attack in the first half.
“How you feelin’, Towson?”
“Great, Coach,” he answered, quickly looking up.
“Well, just be ready when that ball finds its way into your box, okay?”
“Yes, sir!”
The whistle sounded.
"Okay, boys," Quinn said.  "Nothing fancy out there.  Keep it basic."
The boys trotted back onto the field, and Cory jogged to goal, sidestepping from post to post as he had seen Gray do many times.  He checked his footing and snugged his gloves tighter.  The whistle blew, and the second half started.
Mostly, play moved up and down the outside of the field.  Colton was crowding the middle, putting pressure on the Grandview center midfielders, forcing the ball back outside.  As soon as a Grandview midfielder received a pass, a Colton player would quickly move to put pressure on him.  Cory noticed Colton had changed its tactics.  They were playing a kick-and-run game.  When Colton won the ball, they would immediately kick a long pass downfield toward one of their strikers.  They were hoping to catch Grandview’s defense up too far and get a breakaway.  This tactic forced players to chase the ball around more, which meant Colton was desperate for a goal.
Unfortunately for Cory, Grandview started playing the same way.  It wasn’t their style and Colton was much better at this scrappy tactic.  Sure enough, the ball made its way to Cory’s goal as the Grandview defenders tired out from the chase.
Suddenly, a Colton defender kicked a long pass from midfield.  The ball arced high and angled towards Cory and the goalie box.  Cory shot off his line to catch it while Tim shifted over as he watched it drop.  Cory, in his rush, forgot to call “’keeper’s ball!”  Tim never saw him coming.  Both players went up for the ball, Cory to catch it, Tim to head it away, and they collided.  Tim hit Cory’s elbow, forcing Cory’s legs to swing up.  Both boys went down hard.  At the same time, the ball skimmed past them and bounced into the net.  Colton had a goal.
Cory slowly got up, trying to catch his breath.  Tim stayed on the ground holding a swelling forehead.  Off to the side, the Colton players celebrated.
“You guys okay?” Brett asked, running up to kneel next to Tim.  He stared wide-eyed at Tim’s forehead.  “Wow.  Nice bump.”
The other boys quickly ran up, too.  Cory was still foggy in his head as Tim jumped up.
“I’m okay,” he said angrily and looked at Cory.  “What are you trying to do, Towson . . . . kill me?”
“Sorry,” Cory said.  “I was going for the ball.”  He shook his head.  “Didn’t see you.”
“No kidding!” Tim shot back, lightly touching his head.  He stomped back into position, his jersey streaked with mud.  Brett signaled to Quinn the boys were okay and Cory moved back to his goal.
“What the hell,” Cory mumbled, still groggy from the fall.  To Cory, it seemed forever before the final whistle blew to end the game.  It was a tie.  As they walked off the field, Quinn threw his clipboard on the ground.
“What the heck happened out there, boys?” Quinn asked sharply.  He looked at both Cory and Tim.  Both boys stopped short of the bench, facing their coach.
“Don’t ask me,” blurted Tim.  He brushed angrily at some dirt on his shirt.  “Towson didn’t call for the ball, so I didn’t know he was there!”
Cory looked at Tim, shocked at the accusation.  Quinn looked at Cory, but Cory was speechless.
“We should have won that game!” Quinn barked.  Everyone was quiet now.  Quinn looked across the field at Colton.  They were gathering their gear from the visitor’s bench.  “Okay,” he finally said, turning back to the team and looking more composed.  He bent down and picked up the clipboard.  “We make up for it in the next game!”
Without another word, Quinn walked toward the locker room.  Cory watched Quinn, feeling the pain of letting his coach down.  He suddenly realized he really wanted to win, not just for himself and the team, but for Quinn.  "Damn it," he thought as his eyes followed his coach.  Then he noticed Gray Pritchard standing at the end of the bench.  He was leaning on his crutches, looking at Cory.  He shook his head doubtfully, then hobbled off.  Cory sat on the bench and stared blankly at the grass.  A dull ache pounded on the right side of his lower back.  His elbow ached, too.  Another tie that felt like a loss, and it was his fault.
“You need to work on coming off your line.”
Startled, Cory looked up.  It was the man from the end of the bleachers.  The one who'd said Cory had promise.
“What do you mean?” Cory said, looking at the man.  The man gazed back at Cory with a friendly but neutral expression.
“Your timing is off, son.  You’re coming out too late on those high balls.”
"I am?"
“But, your teammate, that sweeper, should have trusted you to do your job.”  The man nodded to Cory.  “Hang in there, son."  He suddenly smiled.  "You’ll get it.”
Cory watched the man turn and start to walk away.
“Wait!” he suddenly blurted.  The man stopped and looked back at Cory.  “Do you know something about goalkeeping?”
“Well,” the man answered thoughtfully.  “I have played ‘keeper, yes.”
The man said nothing more and Cory was suddenly afraid to ask too much.  Then he saw Gene approaching, walking his bike over from behind the bleachers.
“Hey, Gene!” Cory shouted and motioned him over, wanting to keep talking but not sure what to say.  Gene walked up to the bench, his bike at his side.
“Mister?  This is my friend Gene.  My name is Cory.”
“I’m sorry,” the man said, smiling and thrusting his hand out to Cory and Gene to shake.  “How rude of me.  My name is Tony Banks.”  Mr. Banks' grip was strong, thought Cory.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Cory.”  Mr. Banks nodded to Gene.  “And you, too, Gene.”  He paused.  “So, Mr. Cory . . . .”
“Towson, sir.”
“So, Mr. Cory Towson.  Would you like to work on your timing?”
Cory was shocked and stared wide-eyed at Tony Banks.
“Sure,” he stammered, looking over at Gene for support.  Gene just shrugged his shoulders, confused.
“Good.  Meet me at Lions Park Sunday morning.  Eight a.m., sharp.  I’ll teach you what I know.”
“Okay, Mr. Banks,” Cory said excitedly.  “I’ll be there!”
“We better get going,” Gene broke in quietly.  “Our parents are gonna wonder where we are.”
“Oh, right,” Cory said and gave a quick wave.  “See you on Sunday, eight o’clock.”
Tony Banks nodded, turned and walked off toward the parking lot.  Cory and Gene walked to the locker room, Cory now bubbling with excitement, unaware of Gene’s mood.
“I’m going to get my stuff,” Cory said, slapping Gene on the back.  “Be right back!”
Gene nodded, turning toward the parking lot.  Five minutes later, Cory emerged from the locker room and jogged over to the bike rack.  Gene was waiting, and Cory noticed him looking thoughtfully towards the parking lot.
“What’s up?” Cory said, following his stare.  He felt unusually happy.  No one had ever offered to help him with his goalkeeping before.  Except Gene.  But that was different.  “What are you looking at?”
Gene turned.  “Aw, nothing.  Just wondering who that guy is.”
Cory was now staring at the parking lot.
“I don't know.  I've never seen him before, but he seems okay.”
“Yeah,” Gene said.  “You're probably right.”  He jumped on his bike.  “Let’s go home, man, before it gets dark.”  He coasted down the sidewalk.  “Come on!”
“I’ll race ya!” shouted Cory, throwing his lock and chain in his pack and leaping onto his own bike.
Both boys sped off down the sidewalk, jumped their bikes off the curb, and raced across the parking lot.  Gene’s knees pumped up and down in that crazy piston-like motion as Cory matched his speed, both riders a picture of concentration.  Cory suddenly noticed he was smiling as he flew down the road.


Chapter 8

Cory’s eyes flew open.  It was 7:45 a.m., Sunday and his alarm hadn't gone off!  Recklessly, he threw on his shorts, socks, shoes, and goalie shirt.  “I can’t believe it,” he mumbled to himself, crashing around the room.  “My first practice and I’m gonna be late!”
He grabbed his soccer ball and cleats, knocking over a glass of water on his nightstand, and stuffed them into his pack.  He glanced at the spill, then raced down the hall to the kitchen.  At the same moment, Cory's mom walked in from the backyard where she was doing some weeding in the garden.
“And where do you think you are going in such a hurry, young man?” she said, pulling off her gardening gloves and walking into the kitchen.  Cory felt a softening of his anger towards her.  He’d noticed, since the blowup, his mom was spending more time at home.  But, right now, he was in too much of a hurry to answer her question.  Itching to rush out the door, precious minutes slipping away, he also knew if he said too much, she might not let him go.
“How about some breakfast?”
“Can’t, Mom.”
He grabbed the orange juice pitcher out of her hand and poured half a glass of orange juice.  His mom moved over to the refrigerator.
“Now, sit down.”
“Mom!  I don’t have time,” he blurted, almost spitting orange juice on the floor.  “Gotta be at Lions Park in ten minutes!”  He dashed out the front door yelling over his shoulder, “I’ll be back in a couple hours.”
His mom stood dumbfounded, holding a carton of eggs in her hand.  Cory jumped on his bike and raced out of the driveway, fearing the shout that would call him back.  It never came.  For a brief moment, he wondered why.  Then, wonder was tossed aside, replaced by the urgency of an eight o'clock practice.
Cory was out of breath as he bounced his bike onto the curb, then raced down the sidewalk to the park’s only soccer field.  On the far end, he could see Tony Banks standing in front of the goal, kicking balls into the net.  Cory sped around to the back of the goal and dumped his bike.  He quickly put on his cleats and gloves and ran around to the front of the goal.
“You're late, son.”  Tony Banks had that same neutral look Cory saw the other day.  Cory stopped in his tracks.  “I know, Mr. Banks.  My alarm didn't go off.”  Cory stood, arms dangling at his sides, his green goalie shirt half out, breathing heavily.
"You okay to train?" Banks said, a smile replacing his neutral look.  "You look tired."
"I'm ready to go, sir!" Cory said, smiling back.
"Good."
Banks picked up a soccer ball.  The ball looked small in his hands.
"Now," he said, studying the ball.  "Actions are what tell the true story."  He held the ball between them, at chest height.  "See this ball?  This ball is nothing until you touch it.  It has no life until you touch it.  Understand?"  Cory nodded his head.  "And when you touch it, bring life to it, it's what you do with it that shows what kind of goalkeeper you are."
Suddenly, Banks thrust the ball at Cory.  It happened so fast, Cory only just moved his hands to instinctively protect himself.  The ball hit his chest and bounced to the ground.  He ran after it and picked it up, looking back at Banks.
"It's what you do with the ball that counts," he said again with emphasis.  "You catch the ball, you control it.  You drop the ball, it controls you.  Do you understand, Cory?" he said, leveling his eyes at Cory.
"I think so," Cory mumbled.
Banks turned and walked into the curved "D" at the top of the goalie box.  "Enough talk, then.  Let's see what you got."  He threw the bag of balls at Cory's feet.  "Place balls at the top corners of the box," he instructed.  "Also, put one here . . . . and here."  He pointed to where the "D" connected to the goalie box.  When Cory was done, Banks instructed him to stand on the goalie line between the two goal posts.  As Cory looked out from his spot, he could see all the balls evenly spaced around the edge of the rectangular goalie box.  Confused, he looked at Banks for an explanation.
"When I say "GO!" sprint to the first ball.  Throw your body down as a barrier between ball and goal."  Banks looked at Cory.  "Understand?"
"I think so," answered Cory, not really sure.
"Wrap your body around the ball.  Leave the ball, then sprint back to the starting point, touch the ground, and go to the next ball."  He pointed to each ball in turn all the way around the box.
"Ready?" Banks suddenly called.  "GO!"
Cory jumped at the command.  He ran to the first ball.  As he went down, his foot stubbed the ground and he landed on top of the ball, his hip hitting it and bouncing him onto his side.
"Get up!  Move!" shouted Banks.
He suddenly sounded like a drill sergeant.  It shocked Cory so much he jumped up and ran back to the starting spot and touched the ground.  He quickly forgot about the pain in his hip.  Cory sprinted around the goalie box, falling on his side, then curling around each ball, improving his technique with each one.  By the time he touched the ground at the end of the drill, he was exhausted.  On the grass inside the goal mouth, Cory collapsed and fought for breath.
"You're too slow when sprinting to the ball," Banks cautioned.  "A goalie must be quick, both in mind and body."
The boy looked up at the man, his face beaded with sweat.  Cory was one of the fastest boys on the soccer team.  And this man was telling him he was too slow?
"Your mind is slowing your body down," Banks said, as if reading Cory's thoughts.  "You must be quicker.  Think quicker.  You must will your body to move quickly.  Like lightning!"  A few moments of silence, then, "Enough rest!"
Cory snapped out of his haze, grunted and got up.  His muscles complained but he stood in ready position.
"This time," Banks began.  "Take short, choppy steps.  Try to turn your legs over quicker."  Banks moved his hands in small circles.  "And, when you block the ball with your body, stretch out all the way, arms above your head as you hit the ground on your side.  Picture yourself like a big board thrown down across the front of the ball to block it.  Understand?"
"Yes, sir," answered Cory.  This is going to hurt, he thought.
"GO!"
Cory shortened his steps and felt more sure of his balance as he ran to the ball.  He still threw his body down awkwardly, but his technique was improving.  Getting better, smoother.  He rounded the goalie box and, after throwing himself down in front of the last ball, staggered back to the starting point.  He had run out of steam halfway to the last ball.
"Much better."  Banks smiled.  At least Cory thought so, as he gazed up from his now familiar spot on the grass.  Sweat was seeping into his eyes, stinging them.  "We will work on that again later."  Banks walked to the nearest ball and picked it up.  "A two-minute rest, then we continue."
Cory nodded and placed his forehead on the grass to catch his breath.  
The second technique Cory learned was correct diving.  He started on his knees falling left and right to balls thrown by Banks.  The man corrected Cory's hand positioning, how his forearm should cushion him when he landed, how to make a window to see the ball, and the right body roll when going down.  It was all new to Cory.  But he loved it.
Later in the hour, Cory dove left and right over a cone.  This was difficult because he had to land hard.  If he did not hit correctly, it hurt or the ball bounced out of his grasp.
Always, Banks pushed.  When Cory slowed down, was tired, Banks encouraged and pushed.  At first, it seemed harsh the way Banks barked at him.  Yet Cory soon adjusted and realized it was the type of coaching that made him feel pride in what he was learning.
Banks talked about being important and special.  A goalkeeper is like no other player on the field, he said.  A goalkeeper can use his hands.  It's a position where confidence rules and being timid loses.  He talked about being BIG and intimidating in goal.  Showing other players that you're boss of the goal area.
"Tough in mind and body," he said over and over.  "When your body gives out, your mind takes over.  Your mind must be sharp.  Focused.  Ready to pounce on any ball that comes into your area!"
Cory had never been coached like this before.  Actually, Cory had never been coached at all.  Instead, he usually spent time practicing punts in a corner of the practice field.  Before he met Tony Banks, Cory had no idea of the importance of his position.
On the ground resting, legs extended out, arms behind him propping up his exhausted body, Cory caught his breath.  The fast-paced practice was still whirring in his ears.  His body ached from head to toe.  He had never felt this tired, even from Quinn's famous sprints.  He looked up.  Banks looked satisfied.
"Practice is over for today," Banks said, beginning to collect the scattered balls.  "You showed hustle, son.  And hard work."  He paused from putting balls in the bag.  "I'll see you next Sunday."  Banks continued to pick up the balls.  Cory realized he should be helping and jumped up to get the last ball.  He handed it to Banks.
"Thanks, Mr. Banks."
Banks smiled.  "You're welcome."


Chapter 9

"Mom, I'm home," Cory shouted as the garage door dropped shut behind him.  He wondered what mood his mother would be in after he ran out so quickly this morning.  His practice with Banks was worth the chance of getting in trouble. His mother didn't answer.  Cory grabbed a soda out of the refrigerator and walked into the living room.
"Mom?" he called again.  "You here?"
At the doorway to his mother's room, he heard a tiny beep.  The kind a cell phone makes.  Cory stopped.  His mother was sitting on the far edge of her bed and put the phone down quickly as if she were trying to hide it from Cory.
"Hi, honey," Mrs. Towson said, folding her hands on her lap.
"Who were you talking to?" Cory asked.  "Allen?"
"Yes, I was.  I didn't hear you come in.  How was practice?" she asked, quickly changing the subject.
"How did you know I had practice?" Cory asked, puzzled.
"Oh," she said, a little jump in her voice.  "Didn't you tell me this morning you had practice?"
"No," Cory answered slowly.  "I don't think so."
"Well, I just assumed, honey, since you went to Lions Park."
"Oh."
She got up and walked out of the room to the kitchen.  "She's acting weird," he thought, then blamed it on the phone call.  He followed her, slurping loudly from the can of soda.
"You must be starving, honey," Mrs. Towson called from the kitchen.  "Let me fix you a sandwich?"  She opened the breadbox and pulled out a loaf of bread.
"Sure," Cory answered.  He took another slurp, realizing he was talking casually with her again.  The practice with Tony Banks had changed his mood.  He shuffled into the living room, feeling some knots in a few muscles, and switched on the television.  Once he sat down, though, exhaustion washed over him.  Every muscle seemed to ache from the workout.
"So," Mrs. Towson looked up, mayonnaise perched on the end of the knife.  "How did practice go?"  Cory forced his heavy eyelids open.
"Fine," Cory said, fighting to stay awake.  "I worked on goalkeeping."
Mrs. Towson brought Cory's sandwich out.  He was stretched out on the couch now, fast asleep.  She quietly placed the sandwich on the small end table by his head, picked up the soda and set it next to the sandwich.  Bending down, she brushed off some dried mud from his forehead, clicked off the television, then left the room.  A faint beep came from his mother's bedroom.

That night, Cory called Gene.
"What was it like, man?"
"Great!" answered Cory.  He felt wide awake after the afternoon nap.  "I'm really sore, though.  Mr. Banks sure knows his stuff.  He covered how to block the ball with my body and how to dive to each side to stop shots.  He also showed me the correct way to catch the ball and how to land.  It was awesome!"  Cory stopped talking to catch his breath.
Silence.
"I have those same fundamentals on my goalkeeper software," Gene said quietly.  "Don't you remember?  We looked at them that night you came over."
"Yeah, but a computer can't show you how to dive and block," Cory interrupted.  "This was for real!"
"Really?" Gene answered, subdued.  "Well, gotta go.  My mom's calling me for dinner."
"Oh," Cory said, surprised at Gene's abrupt change.  "Ok . . . ."  He was sure the Van Sykes ate dinner at 6:30 every night.  Without fail.  Gene had even joked how he could set his watch by it.  Cory's clock said 5:45 p.m.  "See you tomorrow."
"Yea," Gene answered and hung up.  It seemed so sudden.
Cory walked into the living room, the cell phone dangling in his hand.  On the couch, his mom read through some paperwork to be entered online later.  She looked up at Cory.
"Why the glum face?" she asked.  "Is something wrong?"
Cory avoided her eyes, not wanting to talk.  "Oh, nothing," he said.  "Just thinking."
He moved to the kitchen, not so much hungry as lost in thought wandering, and grabbed a brownie from the glass dish on the counter.  He walked back to his room, stuffing most of the brownie in his mouth.  Mrs. Towson stared after him, then went back to her paperwork.
Cory sat at his desk and looked out his bedroom window.  The willow tree was changing color with the cooler weather, the leaves limp and scraggly.  Like some old man losing his hair.  Cory liked that tree.  No matter what was happening in his world, the willow was always there, outside his window.  His mind went back to Gene.  What was his problem, anyway?  Cory took a last bite of brownie, thinking about the conversation.  "I thought he'd be happy for me," he said to no one as he stared at the willow's spidery branches moving in the autumn breeze.  Gene was the only real friend he had, and now he, too, was upset with Cory.
"Damn."  He rested his head on his arms and stared out the window.


Chapter 10

The next couple of weeks, school went on as normal.  Cory continued Sunday practices with Tony Banks, and the team battled back and forth with West for first place in the league standings.  Cory's form was improving, and the team was warming up to him.  Yet his friendship with Gene stayed cool.
Gene still acted funny since their phone call, almost angry.  Cory kept wondering what he'd said to make Gene act this way, but Gene refused to talk about it.  Even lunch became uncomfortable, more time spent in silence than talking.
"Do you get our science homework?" Cory asked.  "I mean, how are we supposed to describe an amplituhedron shape?"
Gene stared at Cory for a moment.
"Just google it.  Duh," Gene said.  "I gotta go to Mr. Blake's class and finish my science lab."  Gene suddenly stood and, without another word, walked away.
Cory sat in silence, staring after Gene.  What's he being a jerk for? he thought.
"Hey Towson," Tim called from another table.  Tim and his buddies were sitting on a bench under a cottonwood tree.  "What happened to that geeky friend of yours?"
Cory got up from his spot and walked over to Tim.  He felt a twinge of loyalty towards Gene, but quickly shoved it away.
"I don't know," Cory shrugged.  He figured if he avoided talking about Gene he would not have to deal with the loyalty thing.
"Who needs geeks like that anyway, right Towson?"  Tim laughed loudly, looking over at one of the boys sitting next to him and punched him in the arm.  The boy rubbed the bruise and laughed nervously.
"Yeah, right," Cory said.
He sat on the table top next to Tim and glanced across the quad hoping to spot Gene, but the quad was a large as a squared-off soccer field.  He had a twinge of disloyalty as he scanned the sea of students, but Gene was gone.
"What you lookin' at, Towson?"
Cory jumped at being caught and quickly looked at Tim.  Tim had been wrestling with the boy he punched and now walked towards Cory, brushing dust off his pants.
"Nothing," Cory answered, wishing he were somewhere else.  Tim still made him nervous.  He walked up and immediately put Cory in a chokehold.  The pressure made Cory realize just how strong Tim was!
"You ever watch WWF?" Tim asked, tightening his grip around Cory's neck.  Cory had to get off the table and stand, half bowed over to keep Tim from wrenching his neck.
"No. I haven't," he choked out.
As his air was cut off, panic welled up and Cory instinctively grabbed Tim's arm and pushed it off, over his head.  Tim's arm flew off and Cory straightened up.  "Dude, you're choking me!" Cory managed to say while breathing hard.  Anger flashed in Tim's eyes, probably at having his grip thrown off, so Cory quickly smiled and started talking, not sure what Tim might do next.
"So, what's it like, wrestling?"
"What?" Tim said, then laughed.  "You mean WWF?"
Cory nodded.  Tim's mood had shifted, and Cory hoped he'd be more interested in talking about wrestling than actually doing it.
"It's awesome!" Tim shouted.  His eyes lit up.  "These guys slam each other into the ropes, dive off, and smash each other."  Tim was acting out each move in the air.  Cory noticed a couple girls walk by and shake their heads disgustedly.  "Hey," Tim said, freezing in the middle of a body slam.  "You should come over Sunday and watch it with me and my dad."  He took a menacing step toward Cory, looking ready to wrestle.
"Sure," Cory answered quickly, putting his hands up in surrender.  "I have to check with my mom, first."
"What?" Tim howled, stopping in his tracks.  "Are you a mama's boy?"
He laughed with a loud cackle.  Cory thought it sounded like some wicked troll, but he laughed, as well, to cover up his embarrassment.  After lunch, Cory walked to his fourth-hour class depressed.  What had he gotten himself into?  Spending Sunday afternoon watching some sport called WWF with Tim Turner?  And Tim's dad, who he didn't know.  "Perfect," he mumbled under his breath as he opened the doors to the science wing.  "Just perfect."
Saturday evening, Cory's mother served dinner at the kitchen table.  Allen was there.  Cory was not happy about it, but there was nothing he could do.  He watched his mom serve their plates, something she never did on a regular basis.  She had her hair pulled back, held with a beautiful hair tie of silver and turquoise.  Cory remembered when she bought it.  On that trip to Sunset Crater, back before the split.  Just seeing the silver hair tie made him mad.  And this dinner wasn't going to work.  He was not going to be forced to like Allen.  When she started spending more time at home, Cory secretly hoped she was over this guy.  Obviously, he was wrong.
Cory picked up an ear of corn and bit into it.  He focused on the floral design on the plate as he chewed, instead of looking up at Allen or his mother.  His mother and Allen talked back and forth, for the moment ignoring him.  Cory was relieved.  It allowed him a chance to steal quick glances at Allen and then his mother and not have to talk.
"Your mom tells me you're working out with a goalkeeper coach, Cory."
Cory nearly choked on a mouthful of potatoes.  He was just beginning to think he would get through dinner without having to speak.  He swallowed.
"Yea, I guess so."
"What do you think?" continued Allen.  "Is he helping you?"
Allen's tone was friendly, but Cory wasn't buying it.  He was not going to be fooled by this guy's fake interest in soccer.
"Yeah," Cory said quietly.  He concentrated on his food.  "He's helping, I guess."
If Cory had looked up, he would have seen his mother briefly look at Allen, both of them seeming to share some secret knowledge.
"Hey Mom?" Cory suddenly said.  "Can I go over to Tim Turner's tomorrow to watch WWF wrestling?"  Mrs. Towson looked surprised.  Allen had a slight grin on his face.
"Why do you want to watch W-W-F wrestling?  What is WWF wrestling, anyway?" she asked, looking doubtful.
"It's professional wrestling where men dress up in funny outfits and stage bone-crunching holds on each other."
It was Allen talking.  Cory looked over at him, then looked back down when Allen turned his way.
"These hulks actually hit hard.  But it's all set up beforehand.  It's strictly a show."  Allen paused, chuckling.  "It's pretty funny to watch."
Mrs. Towson looked back at Cory.  "Well, I guess you can go," she said.  "Leave me Tim's phone number and address."  She was about to take a bite of mashed potatoes when she stopped.  "Aren't you supposed to practice again tomorrow?"
Allen looked like he was about to say something, but changed his mind.
"Yeah," Cory said.  "But that's in the morning."
"Oh, I see.  So, where's Gene been lately?" she asked.  It threw Cory off.
"I don't know," he answered vaguely.  "I think he's mad at me or something."  Mrs. Towson looked as if she were about to ask more, but Cory quickly got up from the table.  "Thanks for dinner, mom."
He moved to the sink and rinsed his plate.  He wanted to get out of there before any more questions were asked about Gene or practice with Mr. Banks, or anything else.  They were trying to pry into his private business, and he didn't like it.
"I'll be in my room."
Cory smiled weakly at his mom and avoided looking at Allen, then went down the hall to his room.  He knew she wanted him to like Allen, but he did not want to know this guy.  And he could not fake that.  So, going to his room was the easiest thing to do.  At least he was away from the table now, in the privacy of his room.
Cory shut the door.  Out of habit, he reached to pick up his cell phone to call Gene, then stopped and stared at it.  He remembered Gene's disappearance at lunch.  "Whatever," he mumbled, sitting at his desk and opening his chemistry book.


Chapter 11

On Sunday, practice with Banks was grueling but shorter than usual.  Cory started with the same warmup as the week before:  sprinting to the ball, curling around it, and sprinting back.  After a brief rest, Banks threw high balls to the upper corners of the goal.  Cory stood in ready position with knees bent, palms out, and leaning forward on the balls of his feet.  Banks tossed the ball towards a corner and barked "GO!"  Cory dove as far as possible to block the ball with outstretched arms.  It was hard on his hips and elbows, landing on them over and over again, but the weeks of practice with Banks had toughened him up.  And, with Banks' corrections, Cory improved his diving and landing form.  After rest, he managed to stop more balls the second time around.
"You're going to do well in the championship tomorrow," Banks said.  Cory was resting between drills.  He looked up, wondering how Mr. Banks knew about the championship game.  Already, it was the end of the season, and Grandview had managed enough wins to be tied for first place with West.  A special playoff game was set up for Monday to decide a league champion.
But Mr. Banks was not part of the school and nothing had been printed in the local newspaper about this game.  It had been scheduled too late for publicity.  The only person Cory had told was his mother.  "How did you know about the championship game?"  
Banks was silent for a moment.  "I overheard some people talking about it at the check-out in the grocery store last night."
Cory thought for a moment.  "You think I'll do okay?"
"Yes," he said.  "You've improved your speed and your diving."  Banks tossed a ball at Cory, who caught it.  "Remember to always watch your opponent.  Always pay attention to what they do, especially without the ball."
"Okay."
Just then, Gene appeared, riding across the parking lot.  He jumped his bike up the sidewalk and pedaled frantically across the grass over to the soccer field.  He rode around behind the goal and dropped his bike.
"Hi, Cory," he said, a little out of breath.  He turned to Tony Banks.  "Um, hi Mr. . . ."
"Banks," Cory blurted, somewhat angry at the intrusion.  Cory held the soccer ball Banks had tossed.  "What are you doing here, anyway?"
"Your mom wanted me to ask you to come home," Gene said.
Cory was confused for a moment, then flashed back to when he'd run out of the house earlier.
"We're not done yet," he said, bouncing the ball hard a couple times.
"That's okay," Mr. Banks interrupted.  "We covered enough.  You need to rest up for tomorrow's game."
"What about break aways?" Cory asked.
"You're as ready as you're going to be," Banks assured him, then smiled.
Cory felt a sudden surge of pride, but was still disappointed at the abrupt end to practice.  He picked up his gear and put it in his pack as Banks gathered the soccer balls.  Five minutes later, he and Gene were riding out of Lions Park.  Neither boy talked for a couple blocks.  The high desert wind began to blow, buffeting the boys as they rode.  The sky was cloudless with the eye-piercing blue so common day after day.  Gene pumped his legs faster to catch up to Cory, who was four bike lengths in front of him.  Cory did not slow down.
"Cory!" Gene gasped.  "Slow down!"  Gene slowly caught up even with Cory.  "Hey!  Stop, will ya?"
Gene was struggling to keep up while Cory just pedaled faster, looking straight ahead, ignoring Gene.
"Come on, man," Gene shouted.  "Stop!"
Cory suddenly braked and watched as Gene shot past him several yards before skidding to a halt.
"What?" Cory yelled, swatting and missing a plastic bag blowing past his face.  The wind whipped it aimlessly until it snagged on the crooked branches of a creosote bush.  "I thought you said my mom wanted me home."
"Well," Gene responded sheepishly, backing up his bike without getting off.  He looked awkward.  When he was even with Cory, he saw Cory's expression and shifted his bike sideways to put another foot between them.  Cory was getting angrier as he watched Gene's antics.
"Look, man," Gene started to say.
"Stop saying man!" shouted Cory.  "Talk normal, okay?"
Gene looked down at the pavement, then back at Cory.
"Look, ma--"  Gene clapped his mouth shut, then spoke slowly.  "I was riding down Mandan this morning . . ."  He paused, staring at Cory.  Cory spread his arms, palms up.  "Look, Cory," Gene stammered.  "Your mom didn't ask me to come and get you."
"What?"
Gene talked quickly now, afraid he would not have time to get the words out.  "I was riding down Mandan and saw your mom's boyfriend and Mr. Banks talking in a driveway.  I guess it was Mr. Banks' house.  Then they went inside."
"Bull!" Cory shouted.  He'd had enough, and this was unbelievable.  And to hear him use the words "your mom's boyfriend" really set him off!
"You're lying!"
"I am definitely not!" Gene snapped back.  "I know it was Allen and that Mr. Banks.  If you don't believe me, meet me at the corner of Longview and Mandan at four o'clock and I'll show you!"
"You're jealous, aren't you?"
"Jealous?" Gene shouted back, his voice squeaking.
"Yeah!  You're jealous and making up this lie because I've got someone else to help me with soccer.  And he's better than your crappy computer program!"  Gene went quiet and simply stared wide-eyed at Cory.  Cory raved on.  "And I'm not going to meet you anywhere at four o'clock!  I'm going over to Turner's this afternoon."
"Tim Turner?" Gene gasped.  "Your going to that intellectual deadhead's house?"
"Hey!  You're talking about my friend!"
Suddenly, Gene put feet to pedals and started riding off, went ten feet, and made a semi-circle back to Cory.  "I thought I was your friend," Gene shouted.  Cory noticed a waver in his voice.  "And don't believe me about Allen and Mr. Banks.  I don't care!" Gene paused.  "Only, a friend wouldn't lie!"
Gene rode off without looking back.  Cory looked after him and then hopped back onto his bike and started pedaling.  He decided to turn onto another street so he wouldn't be following Gene.  "I can't believe that jerk," he thought, as he shifted into a higher gear.  "Allen and Mr. Banks?  Right!"  Cory was so wrapped up in his anger at Gene, he mistakenly passed his own street and had to take another route to get back to Longview.  As he swung the bike onto another street, he forced himself to think about tomorrow's championship game and going to Tim's in a couple hours.
"Who needs that geek, anyway?" he thought, coasting into his driveway.  Nobody was home.  He was glad.  He had two hours to get cleaned up and over to Tim's.  He thought about WWF as he opened the garage door and entered the kitchen.  He wondered if he would like it.


Chapter 12

At one o'clock, Cory rang the doorbell of Tim Turner's house, surveying the front yard while he waited.  What a mess!  On the far side, an old '64 Ford F100 was on cement blocks.  The paint was still on the truck, sort of, but was scratched and chipped and the roof of the cab was crumpled down.  It looked like it wasn't running.  The hood was up, and two cables trailed out of the engine and onto the ground.  In the driveway, a trashcan was knocked over.  The porch where Cory stood had boxes of empty beer cans scattered over it and a faded red couch, much like the one in his grandmother's house back in Utah.  This one was against the house and rotting.  There was even a lone spring shooting upward out of the seat section.  The whole scene was depressing.  He rang the doorbell a second time.
"Get the door, boy!" came a rough voice from somewhere inside.  A couple of seconds later, the door swung open, a sharp squeal from the hinges.
"Towson.  You showed up!"
It was Tim.  But he looked different.  He was dressed in dirty jeans, barefoot, and had a ripped T-shirt on.
"The match is starting," Tim said loudly as he walked away.  "Shut the door behind you, will ya?"
"Get me a beer, boy!"
"Yes, sir," Tim answered.  He flashed a sideways glance at Cory and quickly disappeared down the hall.  Cory stayed at the front door, afraid to move.  The source of the voice was in a room off to his right.  He could hear the television blaring with voices shouting.  It sounded like some backyard rumble.
"Where's my beer, boy?" came another shout from the side room.
Tim hustled by with a beer in one hand and a bottle opener in the other.  "Hold on!" Tim shouted over the din of the television.  "I'm coming!"
Cory glanced around the front room.  The inside of the house looked as messy as the outside.  Clothes were thrown about.  Food and empty beer and soda cans were sitting or overturned on tables and the floor.  The smell of old grease mixed with burnt fish sticks and pizza hung in the air.  He imagined the greasy smell clinging to his clothes.
"Towson!" Tim shouted from the television room.  "Get in here.  The match is startin'."
"Shut up, boy!" came the voice again.  "I'm trying to listen."
Cory could not hear if Tim replied, but he followed the voices, wondering what to expect.  As he entered, he saw Tim sitting on the edge of a grease-stained couch, his knees bumping a pinewood coffee table, and sipping a soda.  On the far side was Tim's father.  A massive stomach bulged up out of a dirty white T-shirt as he sprawled in a faded yellow recliner, beer in hand.
Cory moved to a chair next to Tim.  He glanced at Tim's father to say hello, but the man never said a word or took his eyes off the television.  Tim was quiet, too.  Cory thought Tim looked like a younger copy of his dad, without the big belly.  Both were staring at the antics of the muscle men on the screen.  The wrestlers were threatening each other with big gestures and loud, hard voices.  It would have been funny if Cory were more comfortable.  But he couldn't relax.  And he was afraid to touch anything.
"Wanna soda?" Tim suddenly asked, thrusting a can at Cory, his eyes glued to the television.
"Sure," answered Cory, afraid to refuse.  The can felt greasy.
For the next hour and a half, Cory watched the crazy, loud wrestlers.  In all that time, Tim's father never said a word to Cory.  He only half shouted, half grunted for Tim to get him more beer.  Both Tim and his father shouted at the TV during the matches, and Tim drank pop, as much as his father drank beer.  But Cory noticed Tim wasn't so tough now.  Not like at school.  Cory marveled at the difference.  Tim actually seemed to cower when his father grunted for a beer.  He couldn't help wondering what it would be like to be in Tim's place.  The thought made him shudder.
Finally, at 3:30, Cory had to get out of there.  No more blaring TV, greasy furniture, sticky carpet, trash, shouting, or beer.  Most of all, he couldn't take any more of the smell.  Cory called over to Tim that he had to be home at four o'clock, but Tim didn't respond.  Cory stood up cautiously, afraid to disturb the two as they shouted and jeered.
"I'll see you tomorrow," Cory said and, again, waited for a response.  Suddenly, a loud SMACK! exploded from the television.  Three hundred pounds of caped flesh had just flipped a brute in leopard skin tights.
"Aw, man, that was brutal!" shouted Tim.
"Kill 'im, Mad Dog!" belched Tim's father.  "Rip his head off!"
"Um," Cory said quickly, before the noise started again.  "See you later, Tim."
"Yeah, sure Towson," Tim said, still staring at the television.  "We're gonna kick West's butt tomorrow, right?"
"You bet," Cory mumbled, hurrying out of the house.
Without stopping, he grabbed his bike from its resting place against the fence and jumped on.  He sped down the street, the wind rushing past him.  It felt good.  Like it was cleaning away the grime of Tim's house.  "Disgusting," Cory shouted into the wind as he coasted a little to catch his breath.  "I can't believe Tim lives in a pig pen like that!"
He rode past Longview before he realized it, laughed, and turned on Jaywick Road.  He'd gone several blocks and needed to backtrack to get home.  It was okay, though.  The air was crisp and he felt the soreness from the morning's practice leaving his legs.  As the memory of Tim's house faded in the autumn sunshine, Cory began thinking about what Mr. Banks had said.
"He said I was ready," Cory thought, leaning left, then right.  The bike zigzagged down Jaywick.  He smiled, veering left onto Sholic Avenue to work his way back home.  He glided the bike in a lazy arc to the left, then picked up speed, moving south.  The next street cutting back east was Mandan.  He still needed to get back a few blocks, so he turned.  About a block down Mandan, tomorrow's game still on his mind, he saw it.
Ahead on the right, four houses down.  Allen's red Corvette.  Cory slowed his speed.  He wondered if this was Allen's house.  His mom might be inside, even now.  He decided to ride by quickly, hoping to avoid seeing them.  It was strange, though.  Cory felt like he had stumbled onto something private, between his mother and Allen, and didn't like the feeling.
Pumping his pedals just before reaching the Corvette, he saw the screen door of the house swing open and out stepped Allen.  Allen was half turned, talking to someone behind him.  "Crap!" Cory thought.  Probably his mother.  He slowed his pedaling, feeling more like some spy, and braced for seeing his mom.  He stopped and looked at Allen in the door frame.  A second figure stepped out, partially hidden by Allen's bulky body.  Cory had to admit, Allen was really built.  An image flashed through Cory's mind of Allen in leopard skin tights, throwing down a hulking opponent in the ring.  He started to smile and then gasped.  Stepping around Allen was not his mother.  It was Tony Banks!
Both men turned at the same time and saw Cory straddling his bike, out in the street.  Everyone froze.  Neither Tony Banks nor Allen said a word.  They just stared.  Cory stared back.  Cory felt a hot, white sensation flash through his body.  His breath came short.  The next moment, he was furiously pedaling down Mandan.  The wind whirled in his ears, and confused thoughts blasted his mind.  Somewhere behind him, he was aware of his name being called.  He ignored it and raced on.  He realized his cheeks were wet.  As he rode, the wind-pressed drops slid along his cheeks to the back of his jawbone.  He sped through several neighborhoods, not paying attention, just riding.  Hard riding.  Riding to burn the anger.  To burn the hurt that clamped on his chest like a vice grip, squeezing till it ached.


Chapter 13

"Mom!  How could you?" shouted Cory, bursting in through the kitchen door.  Mrs. Towson jumped in her seat at the kitchen table where she was reading the newspaper.
"Good heavens, Cory," she cried.  "You nearly scared me to death!"
Cory stood over her, panting hard.
"What, dear?"
"You know!  How could you do this?  I saw Allen with Mr. Banks!"
Mrs. Towson's eyes grew wide as Cory watched confusion turn to understanding, then shock.  "Oh, my lord."  She suddenly stood, moving closer to Cory.  "Honey, I'm sorry.  I was going to tell you."
"Don't touch me!" shouted Cory, as he backed away from her reaching arms.  "You knew!  And you didn't tell me!"  He felt hot.  A tiny film of sweat beaded up on his forehead.  Words tumbled out of his mouth, aimed at his mother to cause as much hurt as possible.
"You set this up, didn't you?  This is your doing!  Yours and that boyfriend's!  You couldn't let me do something on my own!"  Cory stared hard at his mother as his voice rose higher.  "All along, at dinner that night.  You knew!  Both of you!"
"But, honey," his mother said quietly.
"No!" Cory shouted again.  "Stay out of my life!  You and Allen.  Just stay out!"
He stomped off to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.  A framed set of family photos fell off the wall and crashed to the floor.  Mrs. Towson slowly sat back down at the table.  She stared after Cory, the sudden silence settling on her like a dark fog.  As she stared, tears welled up in her eyes.
Cory kicked his gym bag as hard as he could, sending it flying across the room.  It hit the desklamp square on the shade.  The lamp hit the back wall and then fell off the desk, hitting the floor with a pop! as the light bulb exploded.  He ignored the dented shade and scattered bits of glass on the carpet.  Pacing back and forth in front of his bed, the events from the past few weeks flashed through his mind.  The connections became clear.  Why his mother was so interested in his practices with Tony Banks.  Why she suddenly cared about soccer.  The sly looks at the dinner table that night.  Allen's interest.  It was all adding up.  But the burning, hateful knowledge that his own mother and Allen knew Tony Banks and set up this whole deal made him sick inside.  His stomach churned and soured at the realization.
"Aaaagghh!"  He took his pillow and viciously threw it across the room, then hurled himself onto the bed.  He buried his face in the covers and yelled.  He yelled until he thought his lungs would burst.  Throat scratchy and painful, Cory suddenly felt a tightness building in his chest.  The pressure built so fast it exploded into tears of anger.  At his mom, Allen, Mr. Banks, Gene . . . the whole mess.
It was much later when Cory heard a soft tap on his door.  He opened his swollen eyes and rolled over on his back.  He could almost feel their redness.  The room was pitch black except for the soft glow of a streetlamp making the rug look pale beneath his window.  It was nine o'clock p.m.  The soft taps came again through the door.
"Cory?"
It was his mother's voice.  The fog of sleep lifted, and he remembered.  Cory groaned and buried his face in the sheets.
"Cory, I'm setting some dinner outside the door for you."  He heard the silverware rattle on the plate.  "Honey?" came her voice again.  "Please eat something."
Right now, Cory hated that voice.  The sound of it.  Like it cared for him.  Sure, he thought, feed me and try and make up for what you did.  He tasted a metallic stickiness in his mouth.  As much as he didn't want to acknowledge it, his stomach was aching for food.  It only got worse when he remembered his last meal had been breakfast.
Five torturous minutes went by.  Cory rolled off his bed and quietly walked to where the small strip of light crept in under his door.  He focused on the white strip for a moment, letting his eyes adjust.  Then, he quietly cracked open the door.  A plate of fried chicken, baked beans, and apple sauce were on the plate.  A glass of iced soda was next to it.  His mouth watered.  It looked delicious.
He opened the door just enough to pull the plate and glass in, then quickly and quietly shut the door.  He carefully walked back through the darkness towards his desk.  Startled, he realized a small piece of glass bit through one sock.  He stopped, backpedaled two steps to avoid any more pieces and wondered if his foot was cut.  He moved over to his bed, sat down, and pulled off his sock by stepping on the left toe with his right foot, so he didn't have to use his hands.  He carefully placed the plate on his bed and the soda pop on the floor.  Then, he felt the bottom of his foot.  No cuts.  That was good.
Reaching under the bed, he pulled out the flashlight stored there for neighborhood blackouts.  In this neigborhood, it happened often.  Cory flicked it on and propped it on the bed, shining the narrow light at the plate.  Silently, he ate by the skinny beam.  The baked beans and apple sauce tasted great, but Cory was careful not to eat the chicken.  He nibbled an edge of a drumstick and saved the rest, carefully wrapping the three pieces in his napkin.  His mind was made up.  He stashed the wrapped chicken in his gym bag.
Looking for warm clothes, Cory found his goalie pants where he'd dropped them earlier in the day.  That and his jersey and a sweatshirt, he stuffed in his gym bag.  The empty dinner plate he quietly slid onto the carpet outside his door.  Back in the darkened room, he pulled up his bedcovers and quickly made up the bed.  Now picking up his bag, Cory moved over to the window, careful to avoid the broken glass on the rug.  He set the bag down.  Reaching up, he unlocked the window latch, then remembered the flashlight on the bed and crossed out of the window's pale light and back into the darkness of his bed.
The flashlight had rolled off the bed onto the carpet and when he leaned to pick it up, the thin line of light at the bottom of his door dimmed where two dark spots appeared.  His mother!  He fought to control his panic, dropping further to better see under the door.  The two dim spots remained.  He held his breath.  Finally, they moved away, replaced again by the unbroken strip of light.  The flashlight clutched in his right hand, Cory stayed on the floor long enough to be sure the feet didn't return.  Finally, he stood and moved back into the pale light of the window.
Gripping the bottom of the lower window, he gently pushed it up and open and threw his gym bag through the opening and into a juniper bush.  Next, he put his left leg through, feeling for the ground.  The branches of the bush pushed his jeans up and scratched him.  But, once he felt the ground, he ducked his head through, shifting his weight onto his left leg, and brought his right leg out.
While standing in the bush, Cory stuck his head back in the opening, his hands in a push-up position to keep his chest off the windowsill.  Peering into the blackness, trying to think of anything else he might need, he knew he was crossing an imaginary line.  In the darkness of this room was the afternoon and his past.  Outside the window was the future.  The unknown.
He pushed back, pulled down the window and closed it.  Out in the night, the desert air was crisp and chilly.  Cory was glad to have on two extra sweaters along with what he'd put in the bag.  Hugging the side of the house and avoiding the light from the front windows, Cory made his way to the garage.  What luck!  His mom hadn't closed it yet.  Locating a sleeping bag from the shelf by the outside freezer, he tossed it outside on the grass.  He picked up his bike, careful not to hit anything, and carried it out of the garage to keep the gears from clicking.
Once in the cul-de-sac, he threw a leg over the seat, straddled the center bar as he tucked the sleeping bag under one arm, his gym bag securely across his back.  He turned and took a last look at the house.  Through the front window, he could see his mother sitting.  She looked to be reading something; a drink, probably hot tea, was on the small table in front of her.
Stepping on the left pedal, Cory started the bicycle rolling.  In a few moments, he was speeding down Longview, a slice of moon dancing in and out of the gray ragged clouds of October.  Cory felt the night chill bite through the layers of clothing as he rode.  He was committed now.


Chapter 14

The passing bell for fifth period sounded and, in the next moment, a confusion of two thousand bodies burst out of portable classrooms and surged into the large central quad area in the middle of Grandview's campus.
"Atwater!" shouted Coach Quinn across the boiling mass entering and exiting the locker room.
"Yeah, Coach?" Brett answered, working his way back through the tide of boys.  Soon, he was standing in front of Quinn.
"Brett," Quinn asked.  "Have you seen Towson?  I want to make sure we have a 'keeper for today's game."  He kept watching the many faces passing by the open doorway to his office.  "Gray's not ready."
Brett looked surprised and glanced around, as if he might suddenly see Cory in the crowd.  "Haven't seen him, Coach."  Brett thought for a few seconds.  "He wasn't in second period, either."
"Look around, will you?" Quinn asked, visibly worried.  "Ask some of the guys.  Maybe he came late to school."
"I'll check with Cory's friend, the geek."
"What?" Quinn asked, still studying the moving bodies.  "Just find out and let me know."  Quinn wheeled around and went back into his office.  Brett turned and fought his way through the crowd and out of the locker room, nudging a ninth grader into the wall.
"Watch out!" Brett barked importantly, disappearing through the locker room doors.  Looking around sheepishly, the boy shrank from the wall, melted into the crowd and was gone.
Nobody located Cory.  Quinn checked with the attendance office and found that he was not at school.  Back in his own office, he called Cory's house.
"Mrs. Towson?  This is Coach Quinn at Grandview High.  I'm Cory's soccer coach."
"Oh, hello Coach.  Today's the playoff game?" she asked cheerily.  "The league championship, right?"
"Yes, ma'am.  That's right," Quinn said.  "Mrs. Towson, the reason I'm calling:  is Cory home sick today?"
There was a moment of silence on the other end of the call.  Quinn didn't like it.
"Why do you ask?" Mrs. Towson said.  "Cory's in school.  At least, he should be."  Her voice now sounded worried.  "Hold on a minute, please."
Quinn heard her put her cell phone down.  After a long minute, her voice came back on the line.
"Coach Quinn?  I checked Cory's room, and his backpack is gone.  A couple of books are on the floor, but he might not have needed them today.  Are you sure he's not in school?"
"I'm sure, Mrs. Towson."  Quinn hesitated.  "I checked with Attendance, and they said he was absent.  Did you see him this morning?"
Silence on the other end of the line.  The silence gave him his answer.
"Monday mornings I have meetings.  I leave early, before Cory.  Come to think of it, though, I didn't hear the shower when I left.  He's usually in the shower when I leave."  A brief silence.  "Oh, my lord!"
"What, Mrs. Towson?" Quinn asked.
"Do you think something's happened to him?"
Quinn heard the panic in her voice.  "Now, calm down, Mrs. Towson."  He hesitated again.  "Has Cory had any trouble at school?"
"Not that I know of, but . . . ."
"Yes?"
A few moments of silence, then he clearly heard sniffling.
"We had an argument last night.  Cory was quite upset."  Another moment of silence, more sniffling.  "Oh, dear.  I hope he's not hurt."
"Mrs. Towson," Quinn said, trying to sound upbeat.  "I'm sure Cory's fine.  He's a tough young man and there's bound to be a logical explanation for this."
"I hope so."
"Listen," Quinn said.  "I'll do what I can from here and check back with you in an hour."
"Do you think I should notify the police?" she asked.
"Not yet.  Let me see what I can do first."  Then he remembered.  "Mrs. Towson?  What's the name of Cory's friend?"
"You mean Gene?"
"I think so."
"His name is Gene Van Syke."
"I know who that kid is.  Have him in class," Quinn said, hopeful.  "I'll locate Gene here at school and see if he can help us.  Will you have your cell with you?"
"Yes!" she answered.  "I'll be right here at home.  I'm so worried, Coach Quinn."
Quinn was worried, too, but suspected Cory could take care of himself.  The Van Syke kid might know something.
"Okay, Mrs. Towson.  Sit tight.  I'll call you soon."
"Thank you so much, Coach Quinn."
Quinn clicked off his cell phone as he walked through the locker room doors.  As he walked across the open quad area of campus, toward Attendance, he spotted the Van Syke kid leaving the boy's restroom.  At least, he thought it was Gene Van Syke.
"Son?" Quinn shouted across the quad, quickly walking in his direction.  Gene looked around, unsure of who Quinn was addressing.  Quinn had never had anything to say to Gene in the past, even in gym class.
"Son.  Hold up there," Quinn called again, waving at Gene.  "I need to talk to you."
Gene stood, silently waiting.
"What's your name, son?" Quinn extended his hand.  Before Gene had a chance to answer, he broke in.  "I'm Coach Quinn."
Gene reached out awkwardly and took his hand.
"I'm Gene Van Syke, sir.  In your third hour?"
"Oh, right.  You're a friend of Cory Towson's?"
Gene hesitated for a moment.  Yesterday's argument flashed in his mind.  "Yes," he slowly answered.  Quinn's eyes brightened.
"Have you seen him at school today?"
"No, sir," Gene admitted, and then looked away.  "We haven't been hanging out much lately."
"Well," Quinn said thoughtfully, not sure how much he should reveal to a student.  He decided to take a chance.  "I just talked with his mother.  He didn't come to school today and he's not at home."
"Really?" Gene asked, shocked.
"Any idea where he might be?  I'm concerned about his safety.  And . . . we have our game today."  He put less emphasis on the last part.
"His mom doesn't know where he is?"
"No," Quinn said.  "She mentioned they had an argument last night."  Quinn studied Gene.  "Maybe he went somewhere?"
Gene was thinking.  Several scenes shot through his mind; then he remembered!  Almost every day during the summer, he and Cory went to a hangout place.
"Coach Quinn?" Gene suddenly asked.  "What time does the game start?"
Quinn was thrown off, but immediately picked up on Gene's enthusiasm.
"At three o'clock, son.  Why?"
Gene's mind calculated time and distance while Quinn stared at him.
"You want Cory in goal, right?"
"Definitely!  That's if he's okay, I mean," he added.
"That gives us a couple of hours."  He looked up at Quinn.  "I have an idea where he might be, Coach."
"Really?"
"School's almost out.  I'll talk to Cory's mom, then see if I can find him."  Gene talked fast.  All business.  He looked Quinn in the eyes.  "If I can find him, sir, he'll be at the game!"
Quinn's eyebrows shot up.  He was impressed with Gene's quick action and confidence.
"Son, you know anything about soccer?"
"Well, I am aware of the theory of the sport.  I don't play, though."
Quinn eyed Gene thoughtfully.  "Would you like to do game stats for me today?  I need someone who's sharp and knows what's going on out there on the field.  What do you say?"
"Sure, Coach," Gene answered, pleasantly surprised.
"First, we have to find Cory."
"Right!" snapped Gene.
Quinn extended his hand a second time.  "Thank you, Van Syke."
"You bet, Coach.  See you on the field in a couple hours."
With that, Gene hurried back to sixth period.  The final bell rang as he walked into the room.  He tossed the restroom pass on the teacher's desk and dashed out the door.  His first stop was Cory's house.  He had two things to do.  First, he wanted to tell Mrs. Towson his plan and not to worry.  Second, he would ride like the wind to their summer spot, The Fort.


Chapter 15

Cory scootched around and made a soft dirt seat, leaning back against what was left of the old adobe wall.  Last night had been miserable, but the early afternoon sun warmed him, helping him forget the biting cold.  The remains of his dinner was gone, eaten late in the night.  Most of the morning, Cory had slept on the cold ground, but now he was enjoying the desert life around the Fort.
The Fort, on a hill that looked down on farmland, was some low adobe walls made of mud and grass with large, gnarled cottonwood trees scattered around the outside.  One juniper tree grew right in the middle of the dirt foundation.  Gene had told him it was the remains of an old school house from the late 1800s.  He ran his hand across the bumpy, crumbling wall he was using for a backrest.  It was warm and welcoming.  Judging by his watch, school was letting out.  He wondered what everyone was doing.  It gave him a weird feeling to be away from his usual routine, knowing that everyone else was still doing theirs.  He felt a little guilty.
An image of his mother flashed across his mind.  Cory knew that she would be worried and, again, felt a pang of guilt at being the cause.  He quickly shoved the image away.  Instead, he thought back to all the time he and Gene had spent up here last summer.  They had cleaned out the tumbleweeds from inside the building's walls.  Once, Cory found a quartz arrowhead sticking out of the dirt.  It was like discovering gold.  He dug into the outer pocket of his pack and pulled out the arrowhead.  This went everywhere with him.  As he'd done so many times, he rubbed it between his fingers, feeling the ridges and bumps and wondering how it was made.  Absentmindedly, Cory tested the still sharp point against his forefinger, thinking about Gene and yesterday's fight.
He had been so angry at Gene.  Now, he wondered why.  All Gene had done was tell him the truth, which he found out for himself while riding home!  The memory of seeing Tony Banks and Allen together caused the pain to bubble up.  Cory tried to imagine his mom without Allen.  Just Cory and his mom, being a family.  A vision of his mom in the bleachers, cheering for him, then the two of them walking to the car after the game.  Just the two of them on their way home.  He liked this mental picture and let his mind wander.
"What's up, man?"
Cory jumped, startled at hearing the voice.  Gene stared down at him from the other side of the wall.
"Gene!" Cory half shouted, scrambling up and turning around to look at him.
"Yo."
"What're you doing here?" The adobe wall between them.
"Well," Gene said.  "Looking for you.  I thought you might be here."
Cory brushed off a pant leg, glad it was Gene who found him.  He hopped onto the wall, one knee up, his hands clasping it.  He looked down at alfalfa fields spreading in the lowlands below the Fort.  Their brilliant green contrasted starkly with the brown desert surrounding them.  It was beautiful.  Both boys were silent, the spell of the Fort and the autumn sun warming them.  Cory glanced at Gene.  Gene was draped over the wall a few feet away, elbows resting on top.  He was also staring out at the fields.  Cory followed his gaze to a tractor bumping and chugging down a furrow half a mile away.  The boys were upwind, so the tractor seemed to move silently through the deep green of the alfalfa.
"Great place," murmured Cory, letting the laziness settle on him again.
"Man, I forgot how cool this place is," Gene said.  "We've had some good times here."
"The best!" Cory answered, remembering last summer.  He looked again at Gene.  "Dude, I'm sorry about yesterday."  Cory's throat went tight.  "I didn't mean what I said."
"That's okay," Gene gestured with his hand to show he held no grudge.  "I think I was jealous of you spending time with Mr. Banks."  His voice trailed off.
They fell silent again.  Each understood more than what was said between them.  A grasshopper crashed into Cory's arm and fell to the ground.  It immediately righted itself, squatting, ready to launch.  Cory laughed, looking down at it.
"Those dumb grasshoppers never watch where they're going.  You see that?"  Gene nodded and smiled.  He was also staring at the frozen insect.
"I stopped by your house before coming here."  Cory shot a quick look at Gene.  "Your mom's worried."
"Yeah," Cory said quietly.  "I'm sure."
"I think she feels bad about Mr. Banks and all.  She'd been crying."
At hearing this, the hardness in Cory melted.  "Damn.  You know, she doesn't cry much."  Cory flicked a pebble off the wall with his finger.  "But I hate it when she does."
Silence.
"It sucked finding out about Allen and Mr. Banks," Cory continued.  Gene nodded, staring again at the tractor.  It silently made a lazy U-turn and chugging down the next furrow.  "I just felt like they'd played some trick on me.  Like they were making fun of me or something."
Cory felt the anger again, but it was only a flash.  It dissolved in the great expanse of sun, air,  and green fields.  He watched the lazy tractor.
"I don't think they meant to," Gene said.  "I think they were trying to help you become a better goalkeeper."  Gene turned his head a notch and looked at Cory out of the corner of his eyes.  "But, man, they sure messed up how they did it."
Cory smiled.  He'd missed Gene's way of talking.  It still made him laugh to think of Gene speaking so proper sometimes and then throwing in a "man".  "Yeah.  She should've asked me first."
He flicked another pebble off the wall.  It arced out into space and fell further down the slope than the first one.
"You should tell her that," Gene said.  "My parents always tell me it's more important to be honest about what's bugging you than to hide it."
Cory stared at Gene, who was still looking out across the fields.  "You know, you're right."
Both boys fell silent again for a few moments.
"I was stupid to hang out with Tim."
It was Gene's turn to be surprised.  "I thought you liked him."
Cory hesitated.  "He's a jerk.  And so was I."  He looked at Gene, to show he was speaking honestly.  "I mean to you.  It wasn't your fault, about Allen and Mr. Banks.  You were just telling me the truth."
Gene smiled and tossed a tiny pebble at Cory.
"Forget it, man."
Both boys smiled.
"You know what?" Gene said, tossing another pebble down the hill.  Cory was still watching the tractor.  "Coach Quinn talked to me today."
"He did?" Cory asked surprised.  "About what?"
"Oh, nothin' much."  Gene held out a few seconds more, teasing Cory.
"Come on, man!" Cory said, emphasizing Gene's word.  He dropped his legs over each side of the wall and straddled it.  "What did he want?"
"He asked about you."
"About me?  Why?"
"I don't know.  He sounded really worried."
Cory never imagined Coach Quinn worrying about anyone, especially him.  Coach was a tough talker and demanded much from his players.
"Well, I'm fine," Cory responded.  "What did he want you to do, check up on me?"
"Sort of."
"Sort of?" Cory asked, more curious now.
"He wanted me to find you.  He wants you to play in goal today."
"What about Pritchard?  His ankle's healed up now."
"I don't know, man.  All I was supposed to do was find you and talk you into getting back to school for the game."
Cory's stomach tightened.  The thought of playing, even with the memory of yesterday, was exciting.  Then, he remembered his mom and a confusion of hurt and anger rushed in to replace the excitement.
"That's great.  But what about my mom?" Cory swiped at a pebble.  "She's probably going to kill me.  Not that I deserve it after what she did."
It was all jumbling up inside him again.  Cory wanted to play in the championship game, but his mother and Allen and Tony Banks were all wrapped up with soccer now and made it complicated.
"Listen," Gene said.  "I'll ride back, tell your mom I found you, and that you're okay.  Then, I'll meet you at the game.  That way, if she wants you to come home, you won't be able to.  You'll be at the game!"
"You'd do that for me?"
"Hell yeah!  It's the championship, man!"
"Okay," Cory said, swinging his left leg over and jumping off the wall.  "Wait a minute," Cory said.  "I need my goalie gloves."  He had left them in his bedroom.  "I have to have my gloves!"
"That's okay," answered Gene.  He was all business now.  "Leave that to me.  Where are they?"
"On my desk."
"Got it.  You get to the game."  Gene looked at his wristwatch.  "Dang!  The game starts in fifteen minutes.  Man, we gotta fly!"
Cory ran across the dirt floor of The Fort.  Gene pushed himself away from the wall and whirled around, following.  On the uphill side, Cory retrieved his bike from under a juniper bush, leaving the sleeping bag for later.  He wheeled his bike around a corner wall to where Gene was standing, straddling his own bike.
"Let's fly!" he shouted and leaped on his bike.  Gene was right behind him, knees thrashing the air as he worked frantically at the pedals.  Cory looked back at Gene, swerving a little as he did so.
"I'll meet you at the field, okay?"
"Right!" Gene yelled.
Both boys sped down the dirt track that led away from the Fort.  Two thin trails of dust lifted slowly in the air behind them.  After a mile, where the dirt changed to pavement, Gene waved and peeled left, onto Longview.  Cory waved back, then stood up on his pedals, leaning forward to pump faster.  The bike underneath him wagged side to side and in rhythm with his pumping legs.  He streaked down Jaywick Avenue.  As he rode, he calculated time and distance to school.  With luck, he might just make halftime.


Chapter 16

"Hi, Coach."
Quinn turned around to see Cory standing behind the bench.  A couple boys turned at the same time to look, including Gray.
"Towson!" Quinn nearly shouted.  "Where have you been?"
Quinn tried to appear angry, but was not doing a good job of it.
"It's a long story, Coach."
Quinn met Cory at the end of the bench.  "You okay, son?" he asked.  "We've been looking all over for you."
"I'm good."
Looking past Quinn, Cory noticed Gray sitting on the bench.  He wasn't dressed in his goalie kit.  Cory looked quickly at the Grandview goal and saw Tim filling in as goalkeeper.  The second half had just started.
"Coach?" Cory was staring at Tim, who looked uncomfortable standing in front of the goal.  "How come Tim's in goal?"
Gray walked over to where they stood.
"It's my ankle," he said, looking down at the ice pack wrap.  "It's not healed yet."  Gray looked up at Cory.  "We need you out there, Cory.  We're losing by two goals!"
Cory looked back at Quinn.
"Well?" Quinn asked.  "You ready to play?"
"Yes, sir!"
Suddenly, Cory remembered he did not have his goalie gloves.  Thank goodness he had taken his pants and shirt for warmth last night.  He glanced back toward the bleachers but Gene was nowhere in sight.  He thought about saying something to Quinn, then decided not to.  There was no time to wait.  Quinn told Gray to get some balls and warm up Cory.  Cory saw Gray dig in his bag and pull out his own gloves.  Cory tried them on.  They were too big, but he would have to make them work.
Quickly, he sat down in front of the player's bench and changed into his goalie kit.  A couple of the boys jostled him in good fun for changing out on the field.  It helped Cory loosen up and relax as he shot back a smile.
Warming up, Cory realized he was going through the same routine Tony Banks had shown him.  He stopped, instinctively glancing at the bleachers, then quickly looked away.  If Banks was up there, he didn't want to know.  He had to focus and Banks would expect him to.  Then, an image of his mother, coming out of the bleachers and pulling him from the game flashed across his mind.
He jumped up and jogged over to Quinn.  He was about to tell Quinn he was ready when a hand gripped his shoulder.  Cory involuntarily sucked in his breath and slowly turned.  The stress on his face turned to relief.  It was Gene.
"Gene!  Don't scare me like that!"
Gene looked amused.  "Sorry, man.  You must be pretty nervous."
Cory laughed, relieved, and took the gloves from Gene.  He tossed Gray's back to him.  "Let's do this!"
Quinn turned and noticed the two boys talking.  He quickly walked over to the bench, retrieved the clipboard and walked over to Cory and Gene.
"Towson!  Ready?"
"Yes, sir!" answered Cory, interlocking his fingers to make sure the gloves were snug.  When Cory looked up, Quinn was calling for a substitution.  At the same time, he gave his clipboard to Gene and quickly went over how to record statistics for the rest of the game.  Gene nodded, then turned and walked over to the bench and sat down on the near end.  He was instantly absorbed in the paper on the clipboard.  Cory smiled.  He liked knowing Gene was there, on the field.
"Okay, Towson," Quinn snapped.  "You're on.  Play smart in that net."
The referee signaled and Cory ran onto the field.  The familiar fear he usually felt before a game was not there.  This time, it felt good to be stepping on the pitch.  Like he belonged there.  As he jogged to the goal, Tim passed by.
"Thank god you're here, Towson!"  Tim said, slapping Cory on the shoulder.  "Don't worry, mate.  I got your back out here.  Tim jogged off laughing his cackly laugh as he set up in his center fullback position.  "They've got to get through me first!"
"Nice to see you, Cory."
Cory looked up, surprised at the greeting.  It was Jeff Shue.
"Yeah, that goes for me, too," shouted Brett from the midfield.
Cory gave a quick thumbs up, then shuffled between the posts.  Just then, the whistle blew, and Grandview threw the ball in at midfield.  As soon as the ball was trapped, West put pressure on the Grandview player.  Brett fought to lose the tight marking opponent while trying to find an open teammate.  Billy moved over to support, but Brett rushed his pass.  It went off target and was easily picked up by a West midfielder.  Cory was already on high alert, amazed at his anticipation of the action.
The West midfielder sent the ball wide right.  The outside halfback trapped the ball and quickly passed it up to his right wing.  The wing dribbled the ball down the outside, almost to the corner, and sent in a high cross to West High's tall center forward.  Cory was ready.  He leaped up.
"'Keeper!" he called as loud as possible and grabbed the cross just before it made contact with the West player's head.  He quickly hugged the ball to his chest as he came down and waited a few moments while players cleared the area around him.
Billy was open on the right side, at midfield and Cory decided to dropkick the ball out to him.  Though Cory was fresh in the game, he felt relaxed and the ball was on target.  Billy trapped the kick and started working the ball up the right flank as Brett shifted over from the middle to support.  Billy passed over to Brett, who moved the ball further upfield.  There was plenty of space so he took it and dribbled as fast as he could into West's half.
At the same time, Manny was on right wing, sprinting up the touchline, and wide open.  The defender, who Manny had blown past, was frantically trying to catch him.  Brett saw Manny's run and kicked a thirty-yard pass out right, ahead of Manny.  Manny ran onto it, trapped the bounce out, then angled in towards the near post.  He was moving fast, nudging the ball every other stride.
As he crossed the top corner of the box, the 'keeper bolted towards him.  Manny dipped a shoulder to his right, the fake causing the 'keeper to shift his weight to that side.  Smooth, yet faster than the 'keeper's reactions, Manny curled the outside of his left foot around the right side of the ball and brought it back to his left.  In two steps, he was around the sprawling West 'keeper and crisply passed the ball into an open net.  The Grandview fans erupted!  The score was now West 2, Grandview 1.
The fans celebrated in the bleachers, but Grandview was all business on the field.  Things were starting to click and Cory could feel the momentum building all the way back to goal.
"Keep it up, boys!" Quinn shouted from the sidelines.  "One more, now.  Let's get one more!"
For the next fifteen minutes, Grandview pressed into West's territory.  The goal had fired up the team and shifted the momentum in their favor.  But West was too experienced to give another goal away that easily!
Deep in their own half, West gained possession of the ball.  A defender dribbled it up the left side and quickly passed to his center halfback, who took the ball and charged up the center of the field towards Cory.  The tall center forward streaked in front of Grandview's defense, trying to stay onside, ready for a through-ball.  Spying the striker, the center mid floated a beautiful pass over the heads of Tim and Brodie.  The forward exploded after it, getting a jump on Tim, who was closest to the ball.  However, the ball had enough pace to drop just inside the goalie box.
Cory had calculated the chip and moved quickly.  The forward saw Cory's body suddenly appear in front of him and hesitated just enough for Cory to snag the ball as it took a wild bounce up from the ground.  As Cory wrapped his gloves around it, the two players collided.  Cory was knocked back, losing his grip on the ball while the West player stumbled.
Cory hit on his back but merely bounced and was up like lightning!  He spun around to see the forward a couple steps beyond him, still stumbling and trying to get to the loose ball.  Cory catapulted after him.
As the forward brought his leg back to kick the ball into the open net, Cory pounced from behind like a cat.  He curled around, missing the striker's legs, slammed both hands down on the ball, and wrapped his body protectively around it.  The West player's foot hit the ball but it stopped when it hit and he flew over Cory, into the empty goalmouth.  Cory still had the ball!
Adrenaline surged through Cory as he jumped up, feeling an urgency.  Scanning the field for an open player, he saw Brett in the center.  Open!  Cory drop-kicked a 40-yard pass and hit his target.  Brett managed to get under the ball and trap it with his chest.  Cory heard the loud THUMP! all the way back at goal.  With the ball at his feet, Brett turned and saw Jimmy streaking in from the left side, towards the West goal.
"Through ball, Brett!" Jimmy called frantically.  "Through ball!"
Brett curled the ball around a defender and Jimmy cut behind him, into the path of the ball.  When he touched it, he was 25 yards out, left of the goalie box.  An outside defender closed in on him, blocking his route to goal and forcing him to stop and cut back right.  Now he dribbled across the top of the goal box, the fullback shadowing Jimmy, keeping him from getting a clear shot at goal.  Jimmy had seen Brett moving down the middle of the field toward goal and knew he was coming up behind him.  Jimmy smoothly stepped on the ball, stopping it dead, and kept running.  Without the ball.  The defender fell for it and stayed with Jimmy.  It was perfect.
Brett unexpectedly saw the dead ball two strides in front of him, quickly adjusted his steps, and blasted a 20-yard shot.  A rocket.  Low and to the left of goal.  The West goalkeeper never had a chance.  Score!
The Grandview crowd was hysterical now as the players piled on Brett.  Even Cory ran out of his goal, down the length of the field, to jump on the pile.  The game was tied and Coach Quinn was on the sidelines throwing his arms up in celebration.
The West players went quiet.  They knew their chance for a win had slipped away.  The momentum was Grandview's, and it was obvious on the faces of the West players.  Eventually, both teams set up for the kickoff, but just after West touched the ball for a restart, the referee blew his whistle three times in succession, signaling the end of the game.  The score was tied at two goals apiece.


Chapter 17

With the score tied, the two teams were required to go directly to a penalty-kick shootout.  It was a controversial way to finish a hard-fought game and, as he walked toward the bench, the impact of what was to take place nearly made Cory's knees buckle.  Five of West's best kickers were going to be shooting at him from 12 yards away!  The outcome of the championship was resting on his shoulders now.  Yet, as he felt the responsibility weighing on him, he also felt excitement.
Quinn signaled for the players to huddle at the midline.  Cory glanced over at Gene, who was still on the bench.  Gene was writing something down on the clipboard but looked up.  He smiled and gave Cory a thumbs up.  Cory smiled back nervously, wondering if Gene or the others knew how he felt.  The players grouped on one knee around the coach.
"Boys," Quinn began.  "I want you to know, whatever happens in this penalty-kick shootout, you're League Champions as far as I'm concerned."  Quinn shifted his feet, looking at the ground, then back up at the boys.  "That was the greatest comeback I've seen in all my years of coaching.  You boys showed what it's like to have guts.  And heart!"
The boys let out a cheer.  Quinn raised a hand, and they quickly fell silent.
"We're not out of the woods yet.  So let's give these guys a finish they'll never forget.  Brett, you kick first.  Next, Jimmy, then Manny, then Billy, and last will be Jeff."  Quinn looked at his five kickers.  "The only advice I can give you boys is to pick a spot and don't change your mind."  Quinn looked at Cory.  "We're glad you showed up, Towson."
A light murmur of approval went through the huddle, and a couple of guys behind Cory slapped him on the back.  Cory suddenly relaxed and smiled.
"Thanks, Coach."
"The spotlight's on you now.  Ready?"
"Yes, sir!"
The boys in the huddle cheered again, including Gene, who was standing, clipboard in hand, just outside the circle.
Grandview won the coin toss and elected to shoot first.  Both team's kickers sat in their own huddle at center field, with each kicker walking down to the goal to take his turn.  Cory was off to the side, away from the goal, pacing around and trying to stay calm.  But as he watched Brett walk to the penalty spot and set the ball down, panic swept over him.  How was he going to stop West's best kickers?  They shoot rockets from 12 yards out!
The West 'keeper slapped his gloves together and stood in position.  The referee looked for him to signal he was ready.  The whistle blew.
Brett stepped back, looked at the goal then the ball, and ran to it.  He planted his left foot and hammered a low drive to the left corner with his right foot.
GOAL!
Cory reeled, a coldness in the pit of his stomach, as he seesawed from sudden relief to panic.  It was his turn in goal.  He swallowed hard, ignoring the squeamish feeling, and jogged over.  He quickly sidestepped from post to post trying to get focused.  The West kicker was waiting.  Cory dug his toes into the chewed up grass, palms waist high and out, his body shifted forward.  With his head buzzing, almost sick, Cory signaled he was ready.
The West player approached the ball and shot.  It was waist high and to Cory's left.  Cory jumped right, the wrong side, sailed briefly in the air and hit hard two feet from the right goalpost.  The ball flew into the goal.  Score!  Grandview 3, West 3.
"I can't believe I did that," Cory groaned, as he looked at the ball in the back of the net.  He stood up and walked off to the side of the goal to wait.  He avoided looking up as he walked and was bumped by the West 'keeper as he walked past.  The bump knocked Cory out of his fog.  He looked up, but the West 'keeper kept walking.
Meanwhile, fans for both sides were cheering.  Cory tried to block out the noise and the next kick to get ready for his second turn.  He paced around in his wait area, away from the goal.  Then, staring at the ground, he did a strange thing.  He kneeled and placed his forehead on the grass, cupped his gloved hands on top of his head.  It was the same position he used when resting from Tony Banks' grueling workouts.  For some reason, this helped him shut out the crowd and the pressure.  Closing his eyes, Cory imagined he was training again.  And, scarcely at first, then in tiny waves, he felt his racing heart slow down.  His breathing eased.
Back at goal, it was Jimmy's turn to shoot.  He stepped back from the ball and waited for the whistle.  The whistle blew and he rushed to the ball.  Jimmy struck it hard, but waist high.  The 'keeper was quick and judged correctly, blocking the shot!  The West fans erupted in cheers.
The sudden clamor from the West side of the bleachers jolted Cory from his meditation.  He immediately stood up and felt his stomach tighten.  Walking to goal, he swung wide and avoided eye contact with the West 'keeper.  Again, in goal, he dug his toes in to secure his footing, took a deep breath, and signaled he was ready.  The kick came.  This time, Cory dove left.  But the ball rocketed right!  West scored again!
All Cory could do was groan as he felt a sudden desire to quit.  To simply walk off.  To run off and disappear somewhere.  Away from here.  But, instead, he found himself standing up and taking his position off to the side of the goal area.  Not running away, but staying, and feeling more than hearing the cheers of the West fans.  It was now West 4, Grandview 3.
Again, Cory kneeled and put his forehead on the grass, covering his head with his gloved hands.  He did not care if he looked silly.  All he could think about was he had three more shots to stop.  And so far, he hadn't stopped anything - - the shots, the nausea, or the cheering West fans!  Eyes closed, he smelled the mustiness of the grass and dirt.  And, again, he imagined he was at practice.  No championship game, no people.  Just practice.  Slowly, his monkey mind slowed, and he realized his team was only down by one goal.  There was still a chance.
Manny stepped up to take the next shot.  The whistle blew, he trotted up, and slammed home a blistering rocket that pushed the net three feet out in the back of the goal.  The 'keeper never had a chance.  Now, it was the Grandview fans who exploded in cheers.  Cory looked up, then jumped to his feet.  That brought the score back to even.  Manny's goal was the boost he needed.  Cory walked to goal, this time without hesitation.
The West 'keeper forgotten, he found himself standing between the goalposts ready for the next shot.  The whistle was quick, and the shot came at him, straight at him!  Because of the quick whistle and shot, Cory did not have time to dive.  He caught the ball in the stomach, surprised it was there, and tucked it safely under his gloves.  The score stayed even at four goals apiece.
Cory tossed the ball to the referee and walked out of the goal.  This time, he passed the West 'keeper.  They both looked at each other, but the confidence was gone from the other boy's face.  He was expressionless except for a slight widening of the eyes.  Cory felt a pang of sympathy, but quickly looked away.  Something told him not to think about the other 'keeper, to just concentrate on his job.
The number four kicker, Billy, calmly placed the ball on the penalty spot.  He waited for the whistle and then casually jogged up to the ball and easily slotted it low and to the right.  The goalkeeper made a valiant effort, but the ball was beyond his reach.  Grandview had the lead for the first time in the shootout and in the game - - Grandview 5, West 4.  The fans were cheering so loud now that the referee had to blow harder on his whistle for the players to hear.  But he didn't seem to mind.  He was smiling.
Cory felt charged up.  He jogged into goal and stomped his feet, finding the small dugouts for his toes.  He gave the "Ready" signal, and the referee blew his whistle.  The West player jogged up to the ball and hammered it to Cory's right.  Cory let himself simply react, diving and stretching out to his full length, sailing through the air.  He saw a white blur flash towards his hands and hit them.  But the ball was so powerfully hit, he couldn't hold on, and it ripped through his grip and into the net.
Cory hit the ground hard, knocking the air out of his lungs.  He lay there for a moment, catching his breath.  Almost!  The word whirled in his head, repeating again and again.  This time, as Cory passed the other 'keeper, there was a smirk on the West 'keeper's face.  That smirk burned into Cory's mind and mixed with the swirling word "almost."  He walked to his resting spot, deliberately crouched down, and let the closeness of the grassy ground calm him.
The teams were tied going into the last two kickers.  With the score 5 to 5, the pressure was turned up even more.  It was Jeff's turn to shoot for Grandview.  Cory blocked out the scene over at the goal, not wanting to know.  Not wanting to get distracted and, maybe, disappointed.  He thought only about being calm, imagining practice at Lions Park with Mr. Banks.  Cory flashed on a memory.  Something Banks had told him once about blocking penalty kicks.  About watching the kicker's eyes.  That's it!  Watch the kicker's eyes to see where he's going to place his shot.
"Most of the time, a kicker will look at the spot," Banks had said.  "And give it away."  Cory smiled.  It just might work.
Jeff now walked up to the penalty spot, bent over and adjusted the ball.  The West 'keeper was in position and ready.  Jeff moved back a few steps, measuring distance to the ball and looked straight at the goalkeeper.  The crowd fell silent.  Like an alarm, the whistle blew!  Jeff glanced at both sides of the 'keeper, apparently trying to confuse him.  He slowly dropped his head back down to the ball, hesitated, then approached and nailed it.  Jeff's form was flawless and the ball launched off the spot.  One of the hardest penalty shots for a 'keeper to stop, he blasted it into the upper left corner.  The 'keeper made a desperate lunge but wasn't even close.  The ball slammed into the high corner of the net.  Jeff had scored!
The silence was swept away as the Grandview fans and players burst into cheers and shouts.  Cory looked up, saw Jeff jumping for joy, and flew up off the grass pumping his fist.  Jeff raced over and grabbed Cory's head with both hands.
"You can do this, Towson!" he said, gritting his teeth.  They were touching foreheads.  "I KNOW you can, buddie!"
Cory smiled, then broke away to get focused.  Jeff ran back to the huddle of teammates, slapping hands, and Cory walked over to the goalmouth and took his place on the line.  He sidestepped between the posts and then settled exactly midway between them.  He was slamming his gloved hands together, trying to block out of his mind everything but the ball.  The Grandview players and fans had fallen silent and were intently watching Cory.
Unexpectedly, Cory threw up a hand to signal he was not ready and walked out of the goalmouth.  The referee held the whistle to his lips but did not blow it.  The West kicker looked confused.  Cory paced a few moments just outside one of the posts.  He was looking down, gently tapping the top of his head with his two gloved hands, knowing he was not ready.  Then, he abruptly turned and walked back to the goal line, digging in his toes.
He shifted his weight alternately from one foot to the other, looking at them, and then looked at the ball.  It was deathly quiet.  He stood ready and signaled the referee.  As he did this, he looked into the West kicker's eyes and saw him looking to Cory's right.  He looked left once, but came back to the right.
Everything went black except the kicker and the ball.  He heard nothing as he stared at the ball on the penalty spot, his mind made up.  The kicker ran to the stationary ball and planted his left foot beside it.  His right leg seemed to be moving in slow motion as it swung back and then down toward its target.
Just when the West player's foot hit the ball, Cory exploded off his right leg, four feet above the ground, parallel to it.  His arms were stretched out, reaching toward the right goalpost.  The ball launched off the penalty spot and rocketed to the same side.  The kicker blasted it!  But, to Cory, it felt like slow motion.  The ball rose with speed as it flew towards goal.  Cory's hands were out, fingers spread, and shuck!, the ball sucked right into both hands.  And stuck!
Instantly, everything snapped back to normal speed.  Cory hit the ground with a jolt, and sound exploded around him.  He felt the ball in his hands and clutched it to his stomach, as if to never let go.  The bleachers, the players, every Grandview fan erupted in celebration!  Grandview 6, West 5.  Grandview was the League Champion!
Cory jumped up, the ball still in his hands, as the team came running down from midfield and mobbed him.  Everyone was yelling, Gray Pritchard the loudest.
"That was amazing, Towson!" Gray cried.  "You've got to show me how to dive like that!"  He was slapping Cory on the back.
"Dude!  You are incredible!" yelled Brett, as he ran up.
"Towson," whooped Tim, running up behind Brett.  "All World, man.  I can't believe you did that!"
"Yeah?" Cory said, brimming with pride.  "Believe it, Turner!"  They both laughed.
At that moment, with all the excitement, the cheering, the celebration, Cory was not afraid anymore.  Of Tim, of the divorce, of Allen, of the future.  He knew he would have to take it little by little, but he felt a calm deep inside for the first time in a long time.  Tim and Jeff lifted Cory up on their shoulders.  They carried him across the field while the rest of the team packed around, jumping and celebrating.  In the bleachers, the Grandview fans were still cheering, smiles everywhere.  Even some of the West fans were clapping with respect.  Cory felt as light as a feather as the boys carried him over to the bench and set him down.  Quinn fought his way through the mob and put his arms on Cory's shoulders.
"Well done, son.  Well done."
All Cory could do was walk around and soak up the victory.  The atmosphere was electric.  People he didn't even know were coming up and shaking his hand or slapping him on the back.  Cory felt a light touch on his shoulder, and he turned around.
"Mom!" he shouted and threw his arms around her.  She hugged him tight while the crowd surged on both sides of them, seemingly unaware.  To Cory, it was a warmth he had forgotten and welcomed all at once.  He pulled back to see her face.  Her eyes were watery, and she seemed to be embarrassed about it.
"I'm sorry, Mom," Cory said.
"Cory Towson," she said, suddenly looking angry.  "You scared the living daylights out of me!"  Then a look of relief flooded her face and she hugged him again.  "I'm so glad you're safe.  To think of you out there by yourself.  Alone."
"Aw, mom," he groaned.  "I was okay."
Mrs. Towson drew back and rested her hands on her son's shoulders.  They were getting wider, she noticed.  He was as tall as she was and still growing.
"Cory?" she said softly.  "I'm sorry, too.  I was thinking more of what I wanted and not enough of what you needed.  Your feelings.  And I've decided to slow down with Allen and spend more time with what matters most in my life."
Cory noticed how warm her eyes looked.
"And that's you."
Cory hugged her again, not caring what the rest of the guys thought, especially Tim.  This was family.  All the family he had right now.
"Mom?" he said, pulling back and looking again at his mother.  "I don't want to lose any more family.  If Allen comes around sometimes, that's okay with me."
Mrs. Towson smiled.
"And maybe Mr. Banks will keep teaching me.  If it weren't for him, I wouldn't have saved that shot."
"Are you sure about all this, Cory?" she said with a concerned look.
"I'm sure."
He was going to say more, but an image of his father, leaving in his car that last morning at their old house, flashed across his mind.  Then, a brief picture of Allen.  He looked at her.  "But let's take it one day at a time.  Deal?"
"Deal."
"Hey, Cory!"
It was Gene.  He was fighting his way through the crowd, staggering as he bumped into people.  Cory and Mrs. Towson started laughing as he walked up pulling his sweater around to straighten it.
"Hey, man.  The team's going over to Nick's Pizza.  Let's go!"
Just then, Gene noticed Mrs. Towson for the first time and suddenly acted formal.
"Hello, Mrs. Towson."
"Hello, Gene," she answered, still chuckling.  Cory looked from Gene to his mother.
"Can I, Mom?"
"Of course!" she said.  "And, after celebrating at Nick's, why don't you bring Gene over to the house for banana splits?  What do you say?"
"All right!" both boys shouted.  Then, Cory leaned over and kissed his mother on the cheek.  He and Gene, who still held the clipboard, melted into the crowd towards the locker room and the rest of the team.
###

About the Author
Chris Hampton’s journey with soccer began nearly forty years ago with trips to England for soccer camps, the English Football Association coaching school, Division II soccer at Rollins College in Florida, and a coaching career (mostly high school) that took him from Alaska to Arizona and, finally, to Southern California.  Much of the setting for these stories was borrowed from those Southern California years, coaching while teaching high school English.  He and his wife, Ann, now spend much of their time taking and teaching classes on traditional wilderness skills, traveling, and writing about their experiences.

Grandview and Cory Towson’s soccer adventures continue in Striker, Chris Hampton’s forthcoming book, available early 2015. 

Connect With Me Online:

Tumblr:  http://chrishamptonstories.tumblr.com/
Smashwords:  http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/chrishampton


Below is the first chapter of Striker for your enjoyment.

Striker

Chapter 1

"Switch sides, Plug!" Billy shouted from right wing.  His team, on attack, had just surged past the midline against Cory Towson's team.  It was day two of tryouts and Coach Quinn had divided returning varsity players between two teams of varsity hopefuls: Billy, Brett, and Plug on one, Cory, Jerry, and Brodie on the other.
"Switch!" Billy called again.  Plug sent a high ball across the field, catching the defense off guard.  They were bunched over on Plug's side of the pitch.  The ball hit the ground five feet in front of Billy, bounced over his head, and forced him to spin and chase after it.  Then he dashed down the right flank, pushing the ball in front of him.  Brett stood in the middle of the field.  And as the other team's left defender shifted over to pressure Billy, Brett found himself open.
"Square pass, Billy."
Billy stopped, the ball under his left foot, sent a crisp pass to Brett, and jumped up just in time to avoid the defender's sliding tackle.  He then shot off on a run down the right wing while Brett turned with the ball toward goal.  Billy was open on the flank, but so was a recruit at the top of the goalie box, twenty yards out from goal.  The new kid signaled for the ball with a quick wave of his hand, silent otherwise.
Brett felt unsure.  He hadn't played with the new kid before, and Billy stood open on the flank.  Passing the ball out to Billy meant sending it further from the goal.  The new kid was closer.
"Hey!" Brett shouted, not knowing his name.  He kicked a pass to him but rushed it, popping the ball up in the air instead of keeping it on the ground for an easy trap.  Brett groaned at his miskick, but the new kid easily trapped it with his left thigh.
"Take the shot," Brett shouted.  "No one's on!"
The kid took one step with his right foot then another with his left, swung the right leg back and snapped it down towards the ball.
CRACK!
Twenty yards out, the shot was so quick and low that Cory only had time to instinctively react.  He dove, his right arm stretched, fingers spread with legs parallel to the ground.  The ball hit his glove and flew just outside the goal post.  No goal.
"Wow," Brett said under his breath.  He jogged over to the new kid.  "Nice shot." Brett extended his hand.  "I'm Brett.  What's your name?"
"Jaime," he said quietly.
"Hope you got more of those in your back pocket."
Jaime smiled as the teams set up for a corner kick.
Billy chipped the ball in from the corner, and it arced toward the six-yard box, where a sea of bodies waited.  Cory’s gloved hand rose above the others and swatted the ball away.  It fell eighteen yards out--at Jaime’s feet.  He had waited at the top of the goalie box to see where the ball might land.  With ease, he trapped the bounce out of the ball and pushed it to his left, then took a quick step and cocked back his leg as if to shoot.  But instead, he pulled the ball back under him with his left foot as two defenders closed in to stop what they thought was the shot.  Jaime hopped over the ball and quickly nudged it in the opposite direction with his right foot, across the top of the box, while two more defenders tried to adjust to the sudden direction change.
By now, Brodie had locked onto Jaime's movement, looking to block his shot.  Jaime cocked his right leg back and, again, swung it down to shoot.  Another fake!  As his foot came down, he curled it around the ball and swept it behind his planted left leg, whipping his body so fast to the left that Brodie fell over trying to adjust.  Even Cory had shifted over for Jaime's shot and was now out of position.  Jaime touched the ball back the way he had just come and easily passed it into an open net.
"Sweet!" Brett yelled, running up and slapping Jaime on the back.  "Bloody sweet!"
They jogged to midfield for the restart while Cory and his defenders stood in a daze, watching them.
"What the hell just happened?" Brodie asked to no one in particular.
"We just got smoked," Cory answered.
"No kidding," Jerry added.
Cory quickly recovered and slapped his gloves.  "Set up!  And shake it off!  Next time they come at us, I want someone in Jaime's face."
"Who's Jaime?" Brodie called over his shoulder.
"That guy who just juked our shorts off!"

###
