

A Contemporary and Light Fantasy Collection

by Clean Teen Publishing


THIS book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors' imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

NO part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights.  Purchase only authorized editions.

Worlds Entwined
Copyright ©2014
All rights reserved.

Cover Design by: Marya Heiman
Typography by: Courtney Nuckels
Editing by: Cynthia Shepp




Rumors
The Key
Never Forgotten
Rising
Finding Willow

Promotional chapters:
Queen of Someday
Moonflower
Sweet Contradiction




Erica Kiefer

Clean Teen Publishing






For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at www.cleanteenpublishing.com.


To my father for his devotion to education and love of all things written, and to my mother for her relentless spirit and constant ability to find the light beyond the shadows.


Rumors—they spread fast like a virus, mutating and growing stronger with each person they touch. The difference between a rumor and virus, though, is that no one wants a virus. We do all we can to protect ourselves and to eradicate the spreading germ. On the other hand, the moment we get a taste of a rumor, we want more—taking pride in being the source of delivery. Fortunately, we can kill a virus with medicine. The only way to kill an infectious rumor, though, is to tell the truth—but if the truth hurts more than the rumor, perhaps it’s better to let the rumor run rampant. 
Rumors were the reason I often hid in the bathroom, avoiding the questioning eyes of my high school peers. It was definitely not the ideal way to start my senior year, but it was easier to hide than risk the questions. Besides, from my position inside the handicap stall, I sometimes overheard tidbits of scandal, like how this kid named Derek cheated on Anna, even though everyone swore at the beginning of summer that they were going to make it. Now everyone hates Noel because of it. Unfortunately, sometimes I couldn’t escape playing the lead role in the circulating rumors, and all I could do was stand in that stall and listen.
All the stories, since school began two months ago, suggested I was in an accident. The details of this accident became hazy, depending on who shared them. Some tales were way off base and suggested I lost control of my four-wheeler and smashed my head into the ground. That would explain why I didn’t say much to anyone about what happened. They chalked it up to partial amnesia. Others were adamant that I fell off a Jet Ski and was hit by a boat, rendering me unconscious.  Most people, however, seemed to know that I almost drowned in a river. Word spread that my cousin fell in the river, too. Although, the difference between my cousin and me was that she drowned. Since this happened in California, nobody here in Portland knew my cousin. Nobody really cared. They just liked to watch me from a distance, talking about me like I was an animal on display. They thought I couldn’t hear them whispering or catch them in my peripheral, gawking in pity, but I did. 
 Rumors aside, no one understood why I wouldn’t talk about it—why I refused to clarify the details of the accident last summer. It was simple really. Like I said, rumors can hurt—but sometimes, the truth can hurt more. 

“What do you mean, you quit?” Coach Robbins leaned forward in his chair, his large forearms resting on the edge of the desk. 
I sighed. I knew he wouldn’t make this easy. “I can’t—I’m not playing basketball this year.” With wavering eye contact, I fidgeted on the squeaky, plastic cushion beneath me, wishing the chair had wheels so I could roll my way out of the office. 
Coach Robbins shook his head. He made visible efforts to maintain composure—a skill he often lacked on the court. Pausing, he took a deep breath and spoke again. “Allie, I know it’s been a rough start to your senior year. I’m very sorry about your cousin drowning over the summer, and I can only imagine how hard that must be—but this is your year!” His hand swept to his Wall of Fame, pointing to a framed article. The headlines stated with boldness: “RISE OF THE COLLINS TRIO!” 
I didn’t need to skim last year’s article to remember the highlights: 
Sisters Allie, Taylor, and Leah Collins dominate the court at
Sectional Championship, but come up short

Coach Robbins watched me, his eyes lighting up as if he could still feel the thrill of last year’s game—the screaming fans, cheering in both joy and agony as the scoreboard bounced back and forth, mercilessly playing with their heartstrings until the last second on the clock. My younger twin sisters, Taylor and Leah, were the rising stars of the year. Starting on the JV team as freshmen and then catapulting to the Varsity team for playoffs, they made an impressive debut for their first year of high school. 
The second half of that championship game was the first time all three of us had been on the same court in a competitive game.  It was like the basketball transformed into a ball of fire, shifting between our hands. We read each other’s movements with an unspoken gift shared only amongst sisters, our natural skills heightened by each other’s presence. Shot after shot, all three of us lit up the court, causing a surge of adrenaline amongst our teammates and the fans in the bleachers.  We overcame a mountainous lead so quickly that Coach Robbins only real lament was that he hadn’t put us together sooner. Though we had lost the game by two points, the burning in Coach Robbins’ eyes peered with eagerness toward next season.
This season. The season I was refusing to be a part of.
Coach Robbins stood up as if our conversation was over. By the look on his face, he was probably still caught up in the memories. That and it was time for the first basketball practice of the season. I stood and he put a hand on my shoulder, his towering height stooping a bit to bring his face closer to my own lean, five-foot-seven frame. “You will be just fine. I’m sure you’re still hurting now from your loss, and that’s to be expected, but you’ll forget all about it once you start playing again. Get going, Collins. Suit up for practice.” He thumped my back twice, opening the door for me, and escorting me out of his office.
I almost bumped into my teammates and the other athletes who were shuffling towards the locker rooms. Tara Davis, one of my best friends, wrapped her arms around me in a tight squeeze, spinning us both around. “Start of the season!” she squealed, not catching on to the lack of mirrored delight on my face—or maybe she simply chose to ignore it. So many people seemed to do that these days. “We are going to kill it!” She linked arms with me, towing me towards the locker room. I glanced back at Coach Robbins, who gave me a nod of approval before grabbing the attention of our assistant coach. Already, our brief and useless conversation was forgotten. The locker room doors swung shut behind me.  

***

Suicides—one basketball drill I excelled at.  To the line and back, I sprinted, my lungs burning by the final set. Yet, I pushed through the pain, leading my teammates with the strength and endurance expected of a captain.
 Never giving up.
All the running I’d invested in over the last couple of months since Maddie’s death paid off, my fitness allowing bursts of speed as I dashed from one line on the court to the next. My sisters, Taylor and Leah weren’t far behind my heels. Despite my own lack of motivation today, I couldn’t help but be impressed by their young enthusiasm. They moved with proficiency and confidence, shouting out encouragement to our teammates, and driven to succeed. They were only sophomores, but they didn’t let the age-gap inhibit their self-assurance. I coveted their ability to play like Maddie hadn’t died—like nothing had changed. She was their cousin, too. Yet, I was the one that felt hindered. Changed. Like all the energy put into this practice was a—
Tara Davis slapped my rear as she spun around me. “Wake up, girl!” she said as I missed her pass. The ball rolled away on its own, careening towards the exit of the gym. My mouth opened in surprise, not because Tara had smacked my behind like I was a cow, but because somehow I’d zoned out, not realizing we’d moved onto passing drills. Tara grinned at me, her wide smile stretching across her face. “Grab the ball! Let’s go!”
As a best friend and co-captain, I guess she had the right to order me around. I picked up my knees and jogged after the runaway ball. 
Practice carried on with more passing and shooting drills, weaving the ball between us and making the shot. We weren’t introduced to anything new or crazy—not yet, anyway. I had no doubt Coach had a number of tactics up his sleeve, with my sisters and me playing a dominant role. Normally, I would expect and crave nothing else, relishing in the attention. Today, however, I couldn’t shake the feeling that somehow, none of this was as important as it used to be. Life—and death, for that matter—was suddenly so much bigger than basketball. 
We half-limped out of the doors when Coach Robbins released us, feeling the wake-up call of a brand-new season. 


“Come on! Say yes to Friday.” Tara Davis jumped in my path, walking backwards to stay in front of me. Frowning at her persistence, I continued walking down the school hall, trying not to step on her toes. 
“Tara, seriously—I’m not in the mood. I would be the worst date anyway.” I brushed passed Tara, finally getting ahead of her feet. She grabbed my backpack, slowing me down until I came to a stop. I took a breath and released it loudly.
“Allie, please. Please do this for me.” Her olive-green eyes pleaded into mine. “Don’t best friends reserve the right for favors once in a while?” She bounced on her toes.
I sighed. Going on a double date this Friday had little appeal to me, especially after our first grueling week of basketball practice, but Tara had created what she called “the perfect set up” by organizing a date night. She’d had her eye on Austin Boyer since our junior year. As a key player on the boys’ basketball team, he was quite the commodity, and any girl would count herself lucky to be in his knee-buckling presence. Not far behind “every girl’s dream” was Austin’s best friend, Shane Moretti—and my date, should I concede.
Tara couldn’t get over how cool it would be if “best friends dated best friends” and better yet, that we all played basketball. In her words, this type of scenario would be the pinnacle of our high school experience. 
 I shouldn’t have given in—I should have held my ground, but I felt like I was disappointing a lot of people these days with my often-glum mood. For instance, I hadn’t felt any need to dress up for Halloween last week and opted to stay home and hand out candy instead. 
“What are you, OLD?” Tara had said in disgust, shaking her head at me when she couldn’t convince me to attend the haunted house with her and a few friends. Regardless of her criticism, ever since Maddie’s death, I felt like my nerves were still too fragile. The last thing I needed was an evening where ghosts and monsters were glorified and praised for jumping out at me. I already felt like a phantom of myself anyway, unable to fully grasp the confidence and zest for life that I once maintained. Maybe if I faked having a good time this weekend, people would stop watching me for a major meltdown—and Tara would stop pelting me with her disapproving looks. 
“Ok,” I said, “Let’s do it. One double date to help you and Austin on your path to true love—although, you know I don’t believe in any of that—and then you’re on your own.” Tara jumped up and down, wrapping her arms around me. 
“You are absolutely the best!” Her springy, sandy-blond hair bounced with her voice. “I will plan everything. Meet me at my house on Friday after practice, and the boys can pick us up from there.”
I feigned a smile in return, wondering what I’d just gotten myself into. 

***

Friday came too soon. After showering from basketball practice, I escaped the house as fast I could, still hearing my sophomore sisters swooning over the idea that I was going on a date with Shane. Mom seemed pleased that I finally had Friday night plans again.
 Dressed in black cords and a green sweater that scooped around her neck, highlighting her defined collarbones, Tara finished applying her final strokes of blush.  Her reflection smiled at me as she spun around, her lips painted in burgundy lip gloss. She eyed my skinny jeans and grey sweater.
“I hope you brought a coat,” she said, slipping into knee-length boots. “It’s gonna be cold outside!” I glanced out the window into the dimming light.
“You still haven’t told me where we are going,” I said. “And I have a feeling it’s because I probably don’t want to go.” I folded my arms, waiting for her to deny it.
She grinned, pulling my arm towards her bedroom mirror and seating me in the vanity seat. “We’re going to a corn maze.” She ignored my attempts to slap at her hand while she forced my eyelid closed with her makeup brush. 
“A corn maze?” I frowned at the thought of being trapped in an oversized labyrinth with Tara and two guys I barely knew. “We are going to freeze! Do I need to remind you that you have no sense of direction?” I blinked at my reflection, catching the shimmering, smoky purple that Tara added to my eyes. I had to admit that the purple shadow did brighten my hazel iris. It also highlighted my disapproving glare. 
“Well,” Tara said, knocking the clutter of makeup into her vanity drawer, “I wouldn’t mind getting lost with Austin for a while.” She grinned mischievously. 
“Oh, come on, Tara,” I protested. “You are not running off with Austin and leaving me with Shane.” I barely knew the guy. I hoped he didn’t have any plans for hiding in a corner with me somewhere.
“Allie, you’ll be just fine. This is the last weekend the maze is even open, so just enjoy it!” The doorbell rang, interrupting Tara’s poor attempt to console me. 
Austin and Shane stood in the entryway, both looking sharp in faded jeans and fitted, long-sleeved shirts. 
“Ladies!” Austin greeted, his eyes brushing along Tara’s body as we descended the staircase. The confident way he carried himself demanded attention. His light-colored hair was cropped short on the sides, except for his perfectly gelled faux hawk. Shane smiled at me with a little more reserve, though everything else about him exuded the same self-assurance as his best friend. His shapely eyebrows accentuated his dark brown eyes. He, too, kept his black hair short, though gelled for texture in front.
“Thanks for picking us up,” Tara said, her smile pushing through to her high cheekbones. She grabbed a scarf and swirled it around her neck in a fashionable manner. 
“You ready to do this?” Shane asked me as Tara and Austin led the way out the door.
“Of course,” I answered, too intimidated by his attractiveness to maintain eye contact for very long. My heart beat fast in my chest, nervous and unsettled. I hadn’t been out with a guy since before summer vacation, and I couldn’t help feeling like I was the odd one in the group, lacking the confidence that radiated off each of them. Perhaps last year I would have felt differently—like I belonged—but now… I second guessed myself and assumed the worst when eyes roved towards me. 
The car ride was fairly painless, since Austin drove with the bass bumped so high that we couldn’t hold a conversation even if we wanted. Hip-hop blared from his speakers, rocking the inside of the car with upbeat sound waves. Shane and I sat in the back and the most we could do was holler a few superficial questions at each other, exchanging awkward smiles and head nods along the way. It was evident from the start that we were both going along for the ride for the sake of our best friends. We knew there was no interest between the two of us, despite Tara swearing up and down that she’d heard Shane asking about me. 
We stopped at a diner for a quick bite to eat, ordering drinks and burgers. We started off with easy conversation, exchanging the woes of killer basketball practices this week and our excitement for the first game. I tried to hold up my end of the conversation, but I noticed Shane’s wandering eyes scoping out every cute girl that passed by our table, including the young waitress, her long legs suctioned to her tight pants. It wasn’t that I was jealous. So far, other than striking features and a toned body, he didn’t have much else to offer in personality—but whether I was interested or not, it never felt good to be on a date where the guy was checking out everyone else. 
Tara and Austin hit it off, flirting back and forth, talking comfortably with one another. I really didn’t know why they needed Shane and me as an excuse to go out. They were doing just fine on their own. 
When we arrived at the corn maze, the night air threatened to seep through our coats. Though I was somewhat used to the damp cold—having moved to Portland for my sophomore year, I wasn’t too keen on the idea of being stuck in this chilly air if we couldn’t find our way out of the maze quickly. 
Tara clung to Austin’s elbow as he escorted her through the entrance. Shane and I followed behind, our efforts to find something to talk about dwindling. Two people could only talk so much about basketball and the weather. 
“It’s spooky in here,” Tara commented after we had been walking for a minute. The dim lighting did cast odd shadows amid the tall cornstalks. “I love it!” 
“Ever been through the corn maze when it’s haunted?” Austin asked, pausing as we came to a crossroads. He shrugged at our options and guided us to the right. 
“We went last year,” I said, remembering the laughter and screams Tara and I had shared as we tore away from the scarecrow, who was hunting us down with his blaring chainsaw. I ended up tripping over a fallen cornstalk and cowering in a heap on the ground, while the scarecrow’s chainsaw came terrifyingly close to my torso. Tara laughed as she retold the story to Austin and Shane, and I couldn’t help but chuckle, too. Last year was full of memorable times, back when I had nothing to worry about and no heavy emotions weighing me down. 
After ten minutes, we made some headway through the maze, though we’d also gone in circles a couple of times.
“How about we switch things up?” Austin asked, stopping at another intersection. 
“What are you suggesting?” Shane asked.
Austin smiled at Tara. “I say we split up and make it a race to the end. Losers buy hot chocolate.” 
I cringed inside, but not wanting to be a poor sport, nodded in agreement. Shane seemed equally reluctant, given his expression, but he agreed. “Game on, man. Get ready to be schooled!”
Tara grinned eagerly, still latched to Austin’s arm. “Catch you later, Allie.” She leaned into my side and whispered, “Don’t get too lost, if you know what I mean.” I rolled my eyes, pretty sure that Tara and Austin planned on taking their time through the maze tonight and doing just that. They took off to the left. Alone for the first time, Shane left the decision up to me. “Where do you want to go?” he asked. “Straight ahead or turn right?”
Home, I thought, but kept my true opinion to myself. I stifled a yawn, trying to hide my disinterest behind one hand. “I don’t know. You choose.”
Shane frowned, perhaps disappointed with my lack of enthusiasm. “Well, I don’t care either.” 
We both stood there without speaking for a few moments. Awkward and no fun, there was little point to this date anymore. I’d had enough of this charade. “Ok, can we both just be honest about this for a minute?”
Shane raised his eyebrows at my sudden change in tone. 
“Neither of us wants to be here—I think that’s fairly obvious.”
Shane motioned like he was about to object, but I cut him off.
“Seriously, it’s ok. You don’t have to pretend that you want to be here.” It’s not like you were doing a good job pretending anyway, I added in my head. 
Shane folded his arms. “All right, so neither of us wanted to come. Now what?”
I was a bit taken back by his statement, even though I had assumed it to be true. “First of all, why did you come then?” I asked, folding my own arms against the chill. I wobbled my legs back and forth to keep warm. Dark clouds were rolling in with the increasing wind, further darkening the maze and adding to the cold. 
He hesitated with his response, scratching the back of his head as he glanced down the row of corn where Austin and Tara had disappeared. “Because,” he started, “I was a little bit interested in you,” he paused before adding, “last year.”
“Oh,” I murmured, interpreting what he meant. Last year, when I had it all together as a rising basketball star with cool friends who hadn’t tapered off from my life yet. I shook my head in dismay. So many people didn’t know how to respond to this aching part of me, so they just avoided me altogether—even guys like Shane who apparently had crushes on me—the old me. My eyes met Shane’s, and I tried not to feel hurt that I’d turned into someone less appealing, at least according to his words. 
“So why did you come then?” Shane asked, his features showing his discomfort in our conversation. 
“For Tara,” I said. “She thought it’d be easier to hang out with Austin if we tagged along, but—”
Shane finished my sentence. “—but they’re doing just fine without us.” He nodded. “Ok, I can appreciate the honesty. We, uh, are still stuck in this maze, so we better get moving if we want to get out of here.” He glanced at our options. 
“Let’s just go this way.” Annoyed with the whole evening, I strut off with long strides.
“Hey, Allie—” Shane’s voice sounded contrite. He caught up to me, his footsteps moving quickly to keep up.
I could just kill Tara, I thought, blaming her for leaving Shane and me in an embarrassing situation. 
“Just forget it,” I said, not wanting to hear any fake apologies—not that he had anything to apologize for. He was forced into this awkward situation, too. I was just irritated and embarrassed. Shane sighed, following just a step behind me. Directionless, we meandered through the corn maze. We hit more dead ends than anything and bumped into less people. At this point, we had probably hit the outskirts of the maze on the wrong side of the finish line. 
Light rain began its descent, dampening our clothes with its gentle, but steady fall. 
As if this night could get any worse.
After a few more minutes of uncertainty in our steps, Shane grabbed my arm, halting my movement. “I have an idea. We need to see where we are. Come on, climb up.” He lowered his body and offered me his back.
I raised an eyebrow. “What,” I began, “are you talking about? I’m not climbing on you. I play basketball—I don’t do cheerleading.” I observed the growing mud beneath my boots. “Besides, my boots are filthy.”
Shane rolled his eyes. “I don’t care about the mud. Just get over here. I’m going to lift you up so you can see where we’re at. We need a vantage point.” 
I groaned, knowing he was right. This maze was taking forever and with the wrong company. I straddled his neck so that I sat on top of his shoulders. He held onto my legs to provide more balance. Standing up, his six-foot height propelled me into the air.
“Whoa!” I gripped the top of his head in my hands when I swayed backwards. 
Shane grunted. “Can you try not to gouge my eyes out?” 
“Oops, sorry.” Balanced at last, I removed my fingers from his face. Now that I could see above the cornstalks, I had an idea where we were. We had indeed cornered ourselves in the far side of the maze and needed to make our way up and to the left. 
“Ok, I think we can do this,” I said, tapping Shane’s shoulder to signal for him to let me down. He bent his knees, and I slid off. “Let’s go this way.” I pulled his forearm after me, letting go once he followed. 
“See, not a bad idea, right?” Shane stepped next to me as we moved.
“All right, I’ll give you that one,” I grudgingly said, though I smiled. 
Shane returned a boastful grin and then glanced up at the sky, blinking away droplets. “We better pick up the pace.”
We were so far off track that we continued to cheat our way through the maze, Shane lifting me to his shoulders a few more times to speed up the process. The rain followed us, an unrelenting drizzle. As we closed in on the finish, I couldn’t help but let out a cry of satisfaction and joy. 
“Yes, we made it!” I broke into a run, and Shane followed suit. Just as we rounded the corner, I lost my footing in a slick patch of mud and fell back onto my rear. I landed hard, mud sinking into my jeans. 
I groaned, accepting Shane’s hand as he pulled me to my feet. Embarrassed, I examined my behind, swiping at the mud. A couple of people in the distance pointed and laughed. I scowled at them, only too familiar with those gestures. 
“Of course this would happen. Just stupid, muddy, icing on the cake,” I grumbled under my breath. When I peeked at Shane to see if he was laughing too, my jaw dropped. He had removed his jacket and was in the process of pulling off his long-sleeved shirt. 
“What are you—it’s raining!” I pointed out, thrown off when I caught sight of his toned torso dripping in front of me. He handed me his shirt.
“Here,” he offered, glancing at my mud-stained behind. “For your—err—”
“Oh… thanks.” I tied his sleeves around my waist so that his shirt covered my butt. I let out a laugh at the situation while Shane pulled his jacket back on, his body releasing a shiver. “Hot chocolate sounds pretty good right now,” I said. “I don’t care who’s buying!”
Shane chuckled. “Come on.” He placed his hand on my back to guide me forward. “Let’s get out of here.”


I sat up in bed, gasping. Damp with sweat, my oversized T-shirt clung to my skin. My eyes frantically scanned my surroundings, desperate to be calmed by familiarity.
My white, three-drawer dresser stood across the room, spilling its contents over the brim of each drawer. My phone and iPod lay on the desk. I felt the queen bed beneath me, the quilt and sheets twisting around my legs like snakes. With a shaky hand, I grabbed my phone. It was three in the morning.
My breathing slowed as I tried to forget the images from my reoccurring nightmare. I untangled the bedding from my body and slid off the mattress. Walking into the bathroom that joined my room with my twin sisters’, I peeked at them. Both were sound asleep in their separate beds, Taylor snoring softly. I envied their peaceful slumber, not remembering the last time I slept hard enough to snore. Gently, and with a muffled sigh, I closed the door and flipped on the bathroom light. 
I groaned as I saw my reflection in the mirror. The dark layers of my hair curled around my narrow face in a wiry, tangled mess. The hint of green in my hazel eyes appeared paler this morning, dimmed and resentful at the forced awakening, and the dark smudges of yesterday’s makeup darkened the bags under my eyes.
Twisting the faucet, I let the cool water cascade from the spout onto my hands. Still dazed from perpetual lack of sleep, my mind zoned in on the falling water, eyelids heavy. The water sounded like a stream, rushing and gurgling. Or like a river… In the next moment, the water seemed thunderous in my ears, like a waterfall—overwhelming me, triggering the memories from my nightmare—or more accurately, from last summer’s reality.
 Arms flailing, my head popped up, and I inhaled both air and water. Choking and sputtering, my lungs burned. The icy current absorbed my whole body once again as the river dipped, its cruel waters knocking me into hidden boulders. I bobbed up and down, a mere puppet in the water’s clutches. My bones and cold muscles ached for relief. My own cries echoed in my ears.
Catching hold of brush protruding from the embankment, my fingers weaved into the thick growth. I searched for her, my own grip slipping.
Then I heard Maddie’s scream… 
“Allie! Honey, wake up!” 
Maddie wasn’t screaming. I was screaming. 
My eyes focused on Mom and then I felt her firm grip on my left shoulder, while her other hand cupped my face. 
“There you go. Good girl.  You’re ok,” Mom said. “Everything is ok…”
I inhaled and exhaled too quickly, feeling light-headed while trying to divide the nightmare from memories—but the line was too thin. 
“Slow down, honey. Deep breaths…”
I let out a sob and Mom pulled me close, wrapping her arms around me. 
“I’ll get some water,” Leah said, a tired hand rubbing across her eyes. She exited her bedroom. It was only then that I realized the door connecting the bathroom to her bedroom was open. I pulled away from Mom, wiping my eyes and sucking back the tears. I saw Taylor sitting up in bed, her head resting on folded arms on top of her knees. I heard her release a soft groan. 
My screams had woken up the household. Again. 
“I’m sorry,” I mumbled, rubbing my face with both hands. 
“Come on, Allie.” Mom guided me back to bed and straightened out my bedding.
With my tears sealed back in place, I said, “I’m fine, Mom. Sorry I woke everyone. Just go back to bed. I’m ok.” I put a hand on hers, trying to prevent her from fluffing my pillow anymore. 
She sat down beside me. “Are you, Allie? Are you fine? Because I don’t think so.”
“Mom, please…” I knew where this was going.
“I don’t want to rush you through the process,” Mom said with a shake of her head, “but you need help. If you won’t talk to us, then you need to talk to a therapist or the school counselor… somebody.”
“Mom…” My eyes welled up, exhaustion and embarrassment catching up with me. I didn’t want to have this conversation again. I didn’t want to talk at all. If I had to speak about it, then that made it an issue, and I didn’t want to have issues. I just needed to believe it would all go away with time. 
“Here, Allie.” Leah handed me a cup of water.
“Thanks,” I said, glad for the interruption.
“Sure. I’m going back to bed, ok? We have that sprint test today and if I’m going to compete with you, I need my sleep.” She offered a closed smile, followed by a yawn.
I nodded, and she returned to her room. Avoiding eye contact with Mom, I stared at the water in my cup. Silence grew between us until a quiet sigh from Mom made me glance at her.
She ran a hand through her blonde hair. “Allie, I’m trying to do the right thing here. How long do I let this go on?  You can’t face this on your own.”
“I don’t need special help, Mom.” I could feel burning emotion growing inside, but I tried to smother it from within. “We all lost somebody. Maddie was Leah and Taylor’s cousin, too. She’s your niece. Why am I the only one that needs help?” 
“You were in that river, too, Allie. I know you haven’t forgotten that.” She gestured towards the bathroom and back at me. “You obviously haven’t forgotten that. Maybe all these bad dreams are because you are keeping everything inside you. It’s not healthy!” Mom’s voice rose, touched with a quiver of tears. “We all love Maddie. We all miss her, and each of us has our bad days. But Allie—I don’t even know how to say this without making you feel bad—” Mom paused, looking towards my window for a moment. I swallowed the building lump in my throat, anticipating her words. “We are all hurting, and probably always will to some degree. But you are struggling more than anyone else is. I see you pulling away from everyone. I never thought I’d say this, especially with you leaving for college next fall… but I want you out of the house more! Why don’t you hang out with your friends? Why are you running so much? Why don’t you talk about basketball like you used to?”
I frowned, clenching the sheets in my fists. “I just need time. Just… more time. No one said I needed to get over Maddie’s death in five months.”
“I didn’t say get over it, Allie. But you can’t just let time pass and do nothing. Please, talk to somebody. To start with, at least hang out with your friends again. You need people in your life.” Mom paused before adding, “Your dad would kill me for encouraging this, but what about that boy from last night?”
She was getting desperate. I closed my eyes. I would not allow her to bring Shane or any other boy into this part of my life. 
Mom released an audible breath. She spoke once more, softly and with a touch of surprise. “Allie, when did you take all your pictures off the wall?” I could hear the sadness in her voice—her disappointment.
Mom seemed to be waiting, watching… minutes passed, but I kept my eyes pulled shut until she left my room without another word. When I heard the door close, I sat up and stared at my mostly bare walls. There were a couple of posters of my favorite alternative rock bands and movies, but the photo collages that used to be taped across my wall were gone. I opened the bottom drawer of my desk, tugging a couple of times when the drawer became stuck from the overflowing pictures. The top photos slid onto the floor. Gingerly, I picked up three and sifted through them. The first was of my sisters and me in our basketball jerseys, faces flushed from last year’s Sectional Championship. I stood in the center of them, my arms embracing Leah and Taylor on either side, our expressions happy despite our close loss. In the second picture, a blonde, nine-year-old girl beamed at the camera, her brilliant blue eyes shining under the sun. I was lying next to her on the inflated tube, my hair hanging in wet strands around my face. Both of us were wrapped in life jackets. It was the last picture I’d taken with Maddie, only days before she drowned.
 The rest of the drawer was full of basketball photos and my favorite vacation memories, most of them from our time at Hidden Pines. More pictures of Maddie surfaced, and I remembered why these photos were hidden away. After last week’s nightmare, I’d ripped them all down—not ready to throw them away, but unable to bear the images that taunted me of my past life. 


Walking to my locker on Monday, I caught sight of Shane and his basketball buddies walking down the hall. Remembering my fall at the corn maze, I tried to avoid him by finding someone—anyone—to talk to, but everyone around me was already preoccupied in conversation or fiddling with their lockers. Despite the laugh we’d shared in the moment, seeing Shane surrounded by all his arrogant guy friends pushed any familiarity aside. 
I pulled out my phone and pretended to be thoroughly absorbed in texting, my feet still carrying me forward. No text in the history of texting ever required so much concentration. 
“I’ll catch up with you guys later,” I heard Shane’s voice say as I passed him and his posse of testosterone. I picked up the pace and rounded the corner of the hall. Shane’s hand on my shoulder pulled me to a stop.
“Allie, hey,” Shane said. I glanced at his hand on my shoulder—which he quickly removed—before I looked up at him. As usual, he wore jeans and a tight, long-sleeved shirt, reminding me of the muddied one I returned to him on Friday night. I dropped my eyes, blushing at the memory of totally eating it at the corn maze. 
The night had ended pretty quickly after that. Tara and Austin had been waiting for us for over twenty minutes—though I noticed Tara’s lip gloss needed a touch up, so I was sure they’d found ways to keep busy. We grabbed some hot chocolate but drank it in the car on our way home. Considering my wet and muddy jeans and Shane missing his shirt, hanging out any longer wasn’t really an option. Besides, I could tell Tara was dying to know if there was more to the story as to why Shane had removed his shirt. She seemed thoroughly disappointed with the humiliating truth of the matter. 
“Hi,” I said to Shane, almost in question. 
“Listen, I just want to apologize about Friday night.”
“Why? It’s not like you pushed me down or anything.” I tried to lighten the conversation with a laugh. 
“No, that’s not what I’m talking about.” Shane’s eyes became more serious. “I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings when I said—”
I cut him off before our conversation could take that awkward turn. I did not want to relive that part of our discussion where he basically told me I was not that interesting anymore. “It’s not a big deal,” I said, taking a step back to distance myself from him. The bell rang, warning me that I had five minutes to get to class. I looked around the hallway, which was quickly becoming void of students. I took another anxious step backwards. I hated walking into class late, winning more unwanted attention. 
Shane seemed like he had more to say, his mouth opening and closing like he couldn’t decide on his words. 
I made it easy on him by waving goodbye, looking over my shoulder with a fleeting, “I’ll talk to you later!” 

***

After basketball practice, my sisters and I stayed late to hit the weight room. While the extra routine wasn’t required, Coach had made a point of highly recommending strength training. As I entered the small weight room, I caught sight of Shane among the male athletes. He lifted his chin in greeting, putting down the dumbbells and pausing between sets. I acknowledged him with a brief wave of my hand.
Taylor quieted a squeal from her position beside me. “He is so hot,” she said, trying to casually check Shane out. Beads of sweat slid down his defined biceps, exposed from the athletic tank top he wore. Taylor and Leah walked with me to the mats on the floor, each of us grabbing a medicine ball.
“Are you going to go out with him again?” Leah asked, her eyes roaming the gym as she checked out the older high school athletes sauntering into the room. 
“On another date? Nope, that’s definitely not happening again,” I answered, lying on my back and holding the medicine ball in my hands. “Other than basketball, we have nothing in common. Not that I’m interested anyway… Hey, are you two going to do abs with me, or are you just here to check out the buffet?” My sisters snickered, taking one more glance around the room before joining me on their backs. 
Gripping the weighted ball, I partnered with Taylor for sit-ups, tossing it back and forth. Leah twisted from side to side, working her obliques. After less than a minute, she said, “Dad called last night.” Her eyes carefully watched my face.
I grunted, returning my focus to the ball. “And?”
I heard Leah sigh. “And he’s wondering if you’re ever going to return his phone calls.”
I heaved the ball harder than necessary, causing Taylor to overextend her reach to catch it. “Hey!” She retrieved the ball. “Come on, Allie, watch it.”
I sat up, resting my hands on my knees. “Sorry, Tay.” To Leah, I said, “What’d you tell him?”
“Just that you had a lot of homework and would call him later. As usual,” she added. I caught her disapproving gaze, which made me feel guilty but also irritated.
“I wish he’d just stop trying so hard,” I said, not really expecting a response. We’d had this conversation too many times. Still, it didn’t stop Leah from commenting.
“He’s our dad, Allie. He made a mistake. How long are you going to hold it against him?” 
“I don’t hate him, Leah. You know we get along fine during visits—for the most part. I just don’t feel like being best buddies with him.” I stood up, hoping to end the conversation. 
“Ok, whatever,” she said. “Just passing on the message.”
“I’ll catch him next time or something,” I muttered. Dumbbells in hand, I stepped across the floor with low lunges, again not understanding how my sister’s reactions to our life circumstances could vary so differently from mine. Our complicated relationship with Dad aside, I was still trying to adjust to our differences over Maddie’s death. As close as we were on the basketball court, dealing with Maddie’s absence in our lives had already wedged a gap of misunderstanding between us. Leah and Taylor were there, too, at our summer cabin when Maddie died; yet somehow, their lives didn’t seem as hindered as mine did. I often sensed their frustration with me.
 Leah and Taylor’s seemingly faster recovery from Maddie’s passing reminded me of when Dad left Mom. I was not yet thirteen the summer when Dad’s secret fling caught up with him. Leah and Taylor’s forgiving nature allowed him back into their lives with more ease than I allowed him back into mine. What was wrong with me that I struggled more than they did in both situations? The burning in my quadriceps broke me from my contemplation. Grateful for the distraction, I moved on to the next exercise.
Shane came over while I concentrated on my triceps, pulling down the bar from my seated position. “Not bad, Collins,” he said, eying the cut in my lean muscles. I blew out air with each pull, trying not to appear self-conscious. He waited for me to finish my set. I released the bar, stretching my right arm across my body.
“Can I help you?” I asked, catching my breath. I swiped a loose strand of hair away from my face, tucking it behind my ear. 
“Hostile,” Shane commented with an amused look. “I like it.”
“Hostile—what are you talking about? I’m just in the middle of something.” I stood up to lessen the height difference between us. At five-seven, I was short for a basketball player and had to make up for it with speed and endurance. 
“‘In the middle of something’, like that super-important text this morning before class?” Shane’s mouth hinted at a smile. He was teasing me.
“I was totally texting!” I lied. I hated that he’d noticed my discomfort. “What’s it to you, anyway?”
Shane shrugged. “Nothin’. I just think it’s interesting that you’ve been avoiding me all day.” 
“I haven’t been avoiding you. It’s not like we have classes together or anything.” I paused for a moment. “What’s with the sensitivity?” I asked, fully aware that Taylor and Leah were gawking at us from across the room, giggling to each other. 
Ugh, sophomores. 
“Well, you know, it’s hard on a guy’s self-esteem when you go on a date and the girl snubs you.”
“It was hardly a date. You and I both know we were forced into unnecessarily chaperoning two friends.”
Tara and Austin were together right now, spending every bit of their free time at school and now after practice. I was pretty sure I wouldn’t be seeing much of my best friend anymore, aside from our structured basketball practices. 
Shane stretched his arms above his head. “Well, I don’t like having a black mark on my record. How about a do-over?”
“You want to go out again?” I didn’t do a good job of hiding the shock in my voice.
“Yeah, why not? Just so we can say we had one good date. It’ll help my confidence.”
I rolled my eyes. This guy didn’t need any help in the confidence department, and he knew it. He didn’t break eye contact while he silently pressured me for an answer. “Ok, what did you have in mind?”
“Well, the boys’ and girls’ varsity team is coming over to my place on Friday. It’s a bit of short notice, but we’re trying to spread the word. If our teams are going to join forces and sell those raffle tickets together for Sectionals, some of the guys and I were thinking we might want to invest in some co-ed bonding.”
I tried not to laugh at what else that might entail.
“That’s your idea of a date? Hanging out with our basketball teammates?”
Shane laughed. “No, but that’s where we can start. We’ll do something afterwards.”
I shrugged. It sounded harmless enough, though I wasn’t sure where this was going. Still, the teenager in me couldn’t help but feel happy that Shane was making an effort to talk to me, despite the flop of our first date. “Sure. I’ll see you there.” I returned to my triceps, ignoring my whispering twin sisters from across the room. 

***

Based on the extravagant drive through Shane’s gated community, with the security guard checkpoint and all, I shouldn’t have felt the need to gawk at his spacious and equally impressive backyard. Tall lampposts lit up the field of grass, illuminating the trees bordering the yard. A paved pathway wound around the outskirts in a circular formation. Tables and chairs sat in the center, the tables displaying an assortment of finger foods. Bottled sodas packed with ice lay in huge buckets beside the tables. 
“Shane’s pad is so cool,” Tara said in awe. “Remind me to marry a brain surgeon like Shane’s dad when I grow up.”
“No kidding,” I agreed, “Check out the fire pit!” In the corner of the yard, theater-style seating allowed us to step down into the fire pit, approaching the cluster of students roasting marshmallows around the huge, concrete ring. Upbeat music set the energetic mood of the party, with kids laughing and dancing to the tempo. 
“There’s Austin.” Tara’s smile broadened, and she ran a hand through her straightened hair, her natural curls flat-ironed smooth today. “I’ll see you later,” she said to me, practically skipping over to him. I watched Austin open his arms to her, swirling her around in a big hug. Tara threw her head back with a laugh. She made dating look so easy.
Scoping out the rest of the party, I caught sight of my sisters standing together at the edge of the fire. While they weren’t identical, their features closely resembled each other enough that they were often mistaken for one another—both with the same nutty-brown hair like mine, though Leah recently cut hers short and angled by her chin and Taylor’s long locks maintained golden highlights. 
Like their hair, their social confidence outside of basketball differed as well. Leah’s arms were wrapped around herself for warmth, though the way her eyes darted through the crowd with a half-smile on her face, I knew she was nervous to be at her first varsity party. She looked a little starstruck surrounded by the older athletes. Taylor, on the other hand, appeared to dominate the conversation with Grant, a decent player from the boys’ team, who was chatting with her. She spoke with the self-assurance that Leah often lacked in large social settings, though I knew both of them would do just fine. Their own rise in stardom as the newest and youngest Collins gave them a head start in the social arena. 
Two hands squeezed my shoulders from behind. Startled, I whipped around. The culprit grinned back at me, his brown eyes catching the light from the fire. Facing Shane, I couldn’t help noticing that his red sweatshirt contrasted nicely with his warm skin tone. 
“Thought you might not show,” he said. 
I frowned at him. “Now why would you say that?”
 “Because you’ve basically turned into a hermit since school started.” He seemed to regret his words the moment they slipped out of his mouth. “Oh, I mean—”
I sighed. What he meant was to say was, “Since your cousin drowned and you became socially reclusive.”  I remembered why I’d been avoiding these gatherings. People always said the wrong things, even when their intentions were good. 
I put my fingers against Shane’s mouth, blocking any more of his fumbling words. “You really could work on your tact. Do you always say the first thing that pops into your head?” 
Shane’s eyes scanned my features. He half-smiled and said, “Obviously not. Because if I did, the first thing I would have said to you is how pretty you look tonight.” He brushed a layer of hair away from my eyes.
My mouth opened, but now I was the one struggling for words. Shane maintained his unnerving gaze. I settled for clearing my throat, taking a moment to break eye contact. He was flirting with me, and I wasn’t sure how I felt about it. One date gone horribly wrong, and now he was being charming?
I forced a laugh, attempting to act casual, like I wasn’t picking up on his flirtatious vibe. I was sure it didn’t mean anything, anyway. Guys like Shane could say whatever they wanted and get away with it, even if they didn’t mean what they said. 
Since I was at a loss for a witty response, I changed the subject entirely. “So… did you sell any raffle tickets this week?”
Shane let out a chuckle, though since I hadn’t said anything the least bit funny, I knew it was directed at me. “You want to talk about the raffle?” Amusement touched his expression.
My cheeks burned. I hoped that even with the lighting from the moon that he wouldn’t notice the sudden pink hue. First he was rude, then charming, and then back to making fun of me? I couldn’t figure him out, and I didn’t like it. I let out a frustrated huff of air, looking through the crowd for an escape. Talking to Shane was impossible because, for whatever reason, he set my nerves on edge. I could barely hold a decent conversation with the guy, whether it was because of his good looks or dumb, insensitive comments. 
Shane’s fingers lightly touched my elbow until I looked back at him. He probably sensed my irritation because his features dropped the hint of mockery. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
“To where?” I asked, slightly heated. “On our date?” My tone indicated that if this was the start of our evening, I was less than impressed. 
 “Follow me,” he said. “Let’s go for a walk.” He took a few steps and then turned around, waiting for me. 
Stalling, my eyes found my sisters, both of them now comfortably seated on the iron chairs beside the fire. They were smiling and heavily involved in the conversation at play with a group of guys. Tara was nowhere to be found—and neither was Austin, so I could guess her whereabouts clearly enough. Aside from a couple of friendly smiles and fleeting waves from my teammates (who paused their conversations only long enough to briefly acknowledge me), I was on my own.
With nothing better to do, I shoved my cold hands into the pockets of my white coat and caught up to Shane. We ascended the stairs out of the fire pit. In silence, Shane led me to the corner of the yard. He lifted the lock and pushed the double doors of the gate open, closing it behind us.
We walked without speaking for a couple of minutes, our shoes padding against the cool sidewalk beneath us. Since Shane had pretty much laughed at me when I had tried to start a conversation earlier, I refused to initiate. However, he didn’t seem bothered by the silence. I caught him glancing at me a time or two, a mostly hidden smile in his expression. He’d look away when I’d make eye contact, but only after making sure our eyes did, in fact, meet for a moment. 
After cutting through Shane’s ornate neighborhood, I could see we were approaching an enormous, luscious golf course. Some of it was well lit by huge floodlights, probably for security, while dimmer areas relied on moonlight. 
“So, what do you think?” Shane asked, taking in the view from beside me. 
It was the most gorgeous golf course I’d ever seen. “I can’t believe you have your very own golf course inside your neighborhood.” Disbelief etched in my voice. It wasn’t like I grew up without money or anything. I knew Dad spoiled us, too—sometimes, it seemed to be his way to make up for the divorce. Even still, to have this huge golf course in the center of your community was unreal. 
Shane stepped onto the perfectly groomed grass. I followed. 
“Are we allowed out here?” I asked, looking around at the quiet course void of people. 
“Of course not,” Shane answered, his steps unfaltering. “But, are you seeing this place? It’s huge. They can’t watch all of it at the same time. Come on.” 
We trailed quietly, ditching the homes behind us and delving deeper into the golf course. Passing through a few hills, we situated ourselves on top of one mound with a gathering of trees. Hiding in the shadows, I pulled my knees up to my chest for warmth, resting my arms around my knees. The huge lake before us added to the quiet peace. 
I gave in and broke the silence. “So, do you golf? I would guess yes since it’s practically your backyard.”
“Nah, not so much. I’ve tagged along with my dad and his country club buddies now and then, but golf’s not really my thing. It’s too slow—too structured.”
“So maybe mini-putt is more your style?” 
“Ha! Mere child’s play.” Shane leaned back onto his hands. “Yeah, I don’t mind it.  If I had a choice, I’d rather hit the driving range. I come with the guys sometimes. Although, when we all come to the golf course, we tend to get a little more creative than the average golfer.” I thought I caught a mischievous grin play across his face, but it disappeared before I could be sure. 
“I wonder how many golf balls would be found in the lake if someone drained it?” I pictured the thousands of golfers who had run this course over time. I knew if I came out here, that was where most of my golf balls would end up. 
“Good question. Let’s go find out,” Shane said. He jumped to his feet. Grabbing my hand, he pulled me up.
I dug my feet into the ground when he tried tugging me down the hill. “What? No way!” I shouted, though a laugh escaped my protest. Shane’s hand covered my mouth, his body stepping into mine. 
“Shh! Do you want us to get caught?”
With muffled objections, I reached up with both my hands, pulling on his forearm to make him release me. He chuckled, not letting go. 
Ok, he asked for it.
Twisting my face, I bit his finger—hard. 
“Ow!” Shane pulled his hand away, shaking his right hand and examining his finger. “You’re a little beast!” Despite his amused tone, I knew the bite must have hurt.
I grinned wickedly in satisfaction. “That’ll teach you to put your hands on me like that,” I said. 
“You’re a fighter,” Shane concluded, shaking his head at me. “That’s good. It’ll get you far in life.”
I dropped my smile, his choice of words hitting home.
Fighter.
That’s how everyone described me after the drowning accident last summer.
“It’s a good thing she’s a fighter,” I heard everyone say at the hospital when I pretended to be asleep, not wanting to face anyone or answer any questions. “She could have died, too.” 
I was a fighter. I knew I’d put up a good fight against the tumultuous river—but so had Maddie. She had more fight in her than I did. She should have survived. If only I hadn’t—
“Allie…” Shane ventured closer, noticing my sudden change in demeanor. I knew what he could see—the emotionally broken parts of me displayed on my face, weighing heavily on my shoulders. My posture would appear slightly hunched, as if I struggled to carry a load—and my hazel eyes, most of all, would be void of the glistening laughter from moments ago. I knew how I looked because I’d seen those sorrowful eyes, accusing me from my own reflection, for months. 
“I’m sorry.” Confusion touched Shane’s voice. “What did I say?”
I shook my head, my eyes casting to the ground. He was oblivious to the impact of his words, not even considering that Maddie often occupied my thoughts. Memories of the accident often hit me out of nowhere. It wasn’t Shane’s fault. Like everyone else, he lived a sheltered life—and I didn’t mean from a worldly standpoint. He had never experienced the hurt and pain I was suffering, so he couldn’t relate. No one could. 
No, it wasn’t his fault at all. Shane’s life was void of the emotional devastation that comes from loss—from guilt. He was just an average senior in high school, a typical jock juggling academics, athletics, and girls, whose biggest worry was which college he would attend. I couldn’t expect more of him, and so I would not even try to pull him into my disparaging world. 
I forced a tight-lipped smile. “Nothing.” My voice was a whisper, pushing past my emotions. I pulled out my phone and checked the screen. “I… just remembered I was supposed to drive my sisters home thirty minutes ago.” I let out a breath of air, playing the part. “Mom’s gonna kill me. She didn’t want them at the party too long.” My eyes wouldn’t meet Shane’s. I didn’t know if he believed me or if he could see past my strained façade. 
I also didn’t expect his soft lips to touch my forehead, or for him to place his hand on the back of my neck, pulling me closer. 
My breath caught in my chest, confused and uncertain. Shane’s lips lingered on my skin before he lowered his forehead to mine. I closed my eyes, uncertain if Shane’s eyes were closed as well, or if he was watching my tentative reaction. 
Either way, I didn’t see him make his move. I only felt him place his fingers beneath my chin, lifting my face. His lips touched mine, ever so softly—almost in question, like he was testing my response. My mouth opened slightly, perhaps about to protest. I didn’t know for sure because the next moment, before I could decide if my heart was drumming faster from attraction or nervousness, Shane moved his mouth more adamantly to mine. His hand slid to the side of my face, holding me steady. 
I surrendered. 
His kiss became our kiss. A shiver ran down my body, igniting a fuse of emotions—like a breath of fresh air blowing away the heaviness. In that moment, I forgot about my pain, and my guilt. All thoughts of Maddie were pushed aside. 
For the first time in months, I felt sheltered. 



Shane’s kiss was the first thing I remembered when I awoke in bed Saturday morning. I had replayed the scene repeatedly in my mind, recalling the startling way our kiss began, and then how I’d allowed it to transform into something I wanted—something I needed. 
Regret hit my empty stomach.
My hands rubbed at my eyes, and I ran a hand through my loose, wavy hair. I groaned and sat up in bed, draping my head over my knees. I shouldn’t have allowed the kiss to happen. It didn’t mean anything. I knew Shane wouldn’t think twice about it, and I wondered if I should feel used. 
But I had used him, too. Maddie’s death lingered over me like a rain cloud, every day threatening to pour down the accompanying guilt and despair linked with her memories. I’d enjoyed the temporary amnesia from constantly thinking about her. I supposed that made Shane and me even. We both got what we wanted, and we could move on.
My cell phone chirped, signaling a text message. It was from Shane and read, “Good morning, beautiful. Do I get to see you today?”
Wait, what?
I read the text one more time, confusion hitting my eyebrows. What happened to the one-night stand idea? Not that I liked the idea, but it was certainly easier than… whatever Shane’s text implied.
In less than thirty minutes, I was dressed in warm running gear, an iPod attached to my arm and headphones dangling loosely around my neck. 
“Allie, are you sure you want to run this morning?” Mom asked from the breakfast table. She took a bite of pancakes from the plate she’d put together for me, claiming them after I politely declined. “It’s cold out there. Why don’t you wait for it to warm up this afternoon?”
I lifted my shoe onto the chair to tie my lime-green shoelaces, a brilliant contrast to the black Asics encasing my feet. “It’s just one of those mornings,” I said, the line I always used if I’d had a Maddie-related nightmare or a case of insomnia. Mom knew that running cleared my head and often helped me sleep better at night. She never questioned me once I released my key phrase. I felt bad for lying this time, but I didn’t feel like hashing out boy issues with her right now. I would figure it out.
My feet hit the pavement, thumping in steady repetition. The chilly November air folded me in its embrace and I fought against it, my muscles fighting to warm up and push through the cold. Saturday mornings were often peaceful at this time. Cars that normally sped by on the way to work rested quietly in their garages. Doors and windows remained shut while families enjoyed their day off together. I passed a few people walking their dogs, a few joggers… I returned a friendly nod and kept running. Eyes didn’t follow me, wondering if I was ok or pausing to judge my behavior. I didn’t have to accept advice or explain how I was feeling. I simply ran until I could hear my heartbeat in my ears and feel my breath inhale and exhale methodically. 
Three miles out, I paused to catch my breath, my chest slightly burning from the cold. I wiggled my fingers for warmth and stretched my tight hamstring. A car pulled up alongside the road with the window rolled down. Tara called out to me.
“Good morning, crazy girl!”
I walked over to the window and peered inside. Resting my hands on the window frame, my fingers appreciated the flow of heat from the vents. I needed to start wearing gloves. “Hi, Tara. What are you doing here?”
“I stopped by and your mom told me your route, so I thought I’d pick you up for breakfast. We need to talk!” Her eyes lit up with excitement, and she smiled knowingly.
I groaned. “What is it you think we need to talk about?”
“Oh, stop it already. I know about you and Shane. Come on, get in here! Let’s grab some breakfast.”
Hesitation and annoyance dragged my movement, but I relented. It was better that I explained the situation to her than allow Tara to spread faulty news. There was enough of that going on already. Stepping into the car, the radio blared the latest hits. I took a final glance at the peaceful, empty sidewalk with longing.
 We drove to a café just down the block. Tara sipped on hot chocolate while I wrapped my hands around a mug of herbal tea. Blueberry muffins sat between us on our small, round table for two. 
“What do you mean—you’re confused?” Tara asked, leaning towards me. “This is awesome! Me and Austin—you and Shane. It doesn’t get any cooler than best friends dating best friends!”
“So you’ve said,” I murmured, picking at the streusel on my muffin. This whole thing started because of that ridiculous notion of hers. I rubbed the grains of sugar between my fingers. “Shane’s hot and everything, but I’m not sure there’s more to our relationship than that.” I reflected on the fumbled conversations we’d had so far, none of which were inspiring, or comforting in the least.  
Tara put her muffin down from her mouth. “Well, don’t you think there could be? You’ve only hung out a couple of times.” 
“I don’t know,” I said, “But right now, he’s a temporary distraction and I’m content to leave it at that.”
Tara tapped her finger on the table as though stifling impatience. “That’s not how he describes it from his end.” She held out her iPhone, scrolling through text messages between her and Austin. Some of them were texts between Shane and Austin that had made their way to Tara. 
One text from Shane in particular caught my eye. “I don’t know, man. There’s something about her that I really like. She’s a little tough to crack, but I’m up for the challenge.”
I didn’t know if I should feel flattered or irritated at being perceived and discussed as a “challenge.” And didn’t the term “crack” suggest I was a nut?
“The point is,” Tara interrupted, “he likes you, and I really think you two could hit it off.”
“Why do you care so much?” I asked, not hiding the annoyance in my tone. 
“Because Allie, it’s been fun going out on dates and to parties with you. It almost feels like it used to be, you know… before.” Tara dropped her lashes momentarily, rubbing her lips together with uncertainty. She glanced back up at me, probably wondering if I caught her meaning. Of course I did. All anyone wanted was for me to go “back to normal,” so they could cross me off their list of worries and return to their normal life, too.
I stood up, wrapping a napkin around my muffin and unintentionally molding my grip into it. “Let’s just get out of here, ok? Thanks for buying breakfast.” Before I could stalk out the door, Tara grabbed my wrist, standing so her eyes met mine.
“Look, I’m sorry, ok? I know your cousin’s death still affects you. I’m your best friend—I understand how you feel.” I fidgeted at her last statement, but she carried on unaware. “Allie, I’m not trying to be rude, but at some point, don’t you think it’s time to move on? You can’t let Maddie’s death hold you prisoner. She wouldn’t want that for you.”
I didn’t like her speaking for Maddie, like she knew her. Tara knew next to nothing about her. My eyes brimmed without my consent. I swallowed hard, hoping to somehow drain the tears before they spilled over. “Tara… don’t you think that if I could forget about Maddie’s death, I would? Do you really think I’m choosing to feel this way?” If I’d learned anything so far, it was that grief didn’t have a switch to conveniently turn on and off. On the contrary, sometimes it felt like grief flew on autopilot, navigating my emotions against my will.
Tara wrapped her arms around me momentarily. She faced me again with her hands on my shoulders. Her olive-green eyes glistened just a bit. “Maybe it’s time you at least talked about it. Nobody knows exactly what happened out there but you. That’s why all those stupid rumors are going around. People probably wouldn’t care so much, except that you’re being so secretive about the whole thing that it peaks their interest.” She grabbed one of my hands. “I’m your best friend and even I don’t know what happened. She just fell in… right?”
I fell back into my chair, glancing out the window. “No good will come from me rehashing that day—trust me.” My mouth tightened, teeth clenched. 
Tara put up her hands with a shake of her head. “Ok, fine. I get it. Keep it to yourself if you think that’s best. But I just hate to see everything you’ve worked for at this point in high school get kicked to the curb. We could have a lot of fun this year.” She peered at me earnestly. “It’s your senior year. It’ll be gone before you know it.”
I stared back at her. “Is this why you brought up Shane today? You want me to embrace senior year by pretending to like him?”
Tara shifted her stance. “Not ‘pretend’ necessarily. But give him a chance. I think it’d be helpful for you to have something else to think about.”
While I could agree that the distraction with Shane over the last week had been refreshing, I didn’t know how helpful it could be in the long run. I told Tara I’d consider it and asked her to let it be for now. 
When she dropped me off at my doorstep, I didn’t return with the clear head I’d hoped for. I frowned at the Lexus parked in my driveway. Someone quite wealthy was visiting my house—or at least the son of someone quite wealthy. With anticipation, I stepped into the house.
Shane sat on my couch, chatting comfortably with Mom, while Leah and Taylor peeked at him from the hallway. I glared at the two of them, and they smothered giggles. Shane and Mom turned my way. 
“Hi, honey! Your friend stopped by…” She raised her eyebrows at me and failed to contain a teasing smile. 
Oh, come on... Her, too? I knew she would love nothing more than to believe I was hanging out with friends and even dating again. Maybe she was the one planting ideas in Tara’s head.
 I met Shane’s penetrating gaze. Despite the annoyance at myself for kissing him, I couldn’t help the instantaneous butterflies in my stomach. Some of my confusion flew out the window as a magnet of attraction drew me towards him. I couldn’t help but like the way he was checking me out, even with Mom present. There was an arrogance about him that both repelled and lured me. Tightening my tousled ponytail, I asked, “Shane, what are you doing here?”
He stood up and closed the gap between us. Mom also rose to her feet, watching us carefully as if she were trying to clue in on the status of our relationship. 
Good luck with that. 
“You never responded to my text,” Shane said. “So I figured that meant you wouldn’t mind if I stopped by.” 
“That was your conclusion, huh?” I folded my arms but released a half-smile, realizing I didn’t entirely mind him being there. It was easier to write him off when he wasn’t standing in my presence—especially with his cologne baiting me. 
“I thought we could team up and sell raffle tickets together this afternoon,” Shane suggested.
Raffle tickets… I’d forgotten we needed to go door to door in support of our basketball fundraiser. “Uh, sure, if that’s how you want to spend your Saturday,” I said. 
Shane puffed out his chest, deepening his voice for effect. “Well, you know, with our powers combined…”
“Our powers being?”
Shane smirked. “Well, obviously, I have all the charm. We just need to hope women open the door.” Noticing my jaw drop in disgust, he added, “And you have all the wit!” When I still appeared less than impressed by his chauvinistic sales pitch, he continued, “My looks will lure them in, and you can hook them with an intelligent, convincing speech about our basketball teams’ need for cash. The girls’ team was all the rage last year at Sectionals, so your part shouldn’t be hard.”
I scoffed at him. “When you put it that way, I have the know-how and the reputation. Sounds like you need me more than I need you. That’s why you really came by, isn’t it?”
Shane took a step closer. He lowered his voice, his fingers lightly touching my hand. “What do you think?” He paused to briefly trace his finger along the back of my hand. “You don’t really think I forgot about last night so easily, did you?”
I swallowed, my nerves dancing inside me. I cast my eyes in search of Mom, but she, thankfully, had already stepped out of the room—probably to chase away my spying sisters, who were also nowhere to be seen.
I had a decision to make, and only moments to do it. Everything about my response would determine where Shane and I were headed. The question remained—to acquiesce or shut him down? The natural chemistry between us grew every time I saw him. There was no doubt about that. Perhaps I’d discover more depth to his personality, like Tara said. Or maybe I could just go through the motions long enough to thwart everyone’s ongoing assessment of me. 
My lashes slowly drew upwards to meet Shane’s striking features. Placing a tentative hand on his arm, I smiled. 
 “Of course not. And I’d love to go with you.”




”You can’t drive us around to sell raffle tickets in your Lexus,” I said with a laugh. As planned, Shane had arrived mid-afternoon so we could earn money for basketball. “No one will believe we’re in need. Come on, I’ll drive.” 
We spent the afternoon meandering through different neighborhoods, getting in and out of the car and knocking on doors. By the time evening greeted us, we were cold and worn out but pleased with our results.
 “We should celebrate.” Shane indicated the clipboard containing the list of names from our raffle ticket buyers. “You hungry?”
“I might be,” I said, “Depending on the place. What’s on the menu?”
“Ever been to Hank’s?”
“Nope.”
“Come on then. You won’t be disappointed.”
“What makes you so sure?” I asked. “We hardly know each other. I could have very picky dietary needs.” I withheld my laugh, baiting his confidence. 
Shane didn’t appear the least bit worried, but he asked, “You’re not a vegetarian, are you?” 
I shook my head. “But if I were, would that be a problem?”
 “No, not at all. Actually, I was hoping you were. I was looking forward to the challenge of convincing you otherwise. Once you eat at Hank’s, there’s no turning back.” 
Shane’s directions led us to an old food truck, its exterior weathered and grey. My surprise must have escaped me because Shane smiled and said, “What? Just because I drive a Lexus, I can’t appreciate food trucks?”
“I didn’t say anything about you and your Lexus. Although, since you brought it up, why in the world does your dad let you drive his car?”
“He trusts me. I haven’t even had as much as a fender bender.” Shane shrugged. “Besides, I can be very… persuasive… when I want to be. I tend to get what I want.”
I couldn’t help but blush at the way he was looking at me, clearly referencing more than his dad’s car. I decided to move our conversation elsewhere. “Speaking of your dad, I was wondering… just how Italian are you?” 
“I see you’ve been doing some research on me,” Shane said. “What else did you discover about me?”
I let out a laugh. “Yeah, you wish. It’s pretty simple, really. Your last name is ‘Moretti. That screams Italian all by itself—that, and it’s November, which means everyone else is jealous of your never-ending summer tan.” I pulled up the sleeve of my shirt for emphasis. My previously golden skin from months in the sun had long since disappeared, whereas Shane still held onto his mildly olive skin tone. 
 Shane nodded, and I noticed his strong profile. “Ok, you’ve discovered my not-so-subtle secret. My grandpa is full Italian, making me only a quarter.” He straightened his posture with a boastful grin. “I’d say it works for me though.” He let out a laugh so I knew his arrogance was in jest, but I couldn’t disagree with him. His dark features and warm undertones made it hard to look away… except for when he caught me staring. 
Exiting the car, the smell of grilled meat teased my senses, making my mouth water and my stomach growl. At last, our food was delivered in our hands, packaged in butcher paper.  We opted to sit in my car with the heat blasting to warm up from standing in line outside. 
“All right,” I said, removing the fully loaded wrap from its packaging. “Just know that I am judging you with every bite.” Shane laughed, but didn’t backpedal on his promise that I would love it. I’d trusted him to order for me. I sank my teeth into the bursting tortilla, the juices from the grilled chicken and steak blending deliciously with a sweet and spicy BBQ sauce. I closed my eyes with a laugh. “Oh wow… this is amazing....” 
Shane watched me take another bite, not the least bit surprised by my response. “And you doubted me…” His eyes paused on my mouth, and I instantly became very self-conscious of eating in front of him.
I quickly swallowed, using the back of my hand to swipe at a smear of BBQ on my lips. “Ok, this is not fair. You can’t just sit there and watch me eat. You make me nervous!” Even as I spoke, juice from the bottom of the wrap started leaking, dripping onto my jeans. I titled the wrap, scrambling to smooth the butcher paper across my lap. Juice continued to dribble down my hand and trailed along my wrist. 
“You lose points because they didn’t give us napkins.” I scowled at him when he laughed at me, eying the mess falling onto my lap.
“Why do I make you nervous?” Shane asked, his eyes still roaming my face, bouncing from my eyes to my lips again. “You have napkins right there, by the way.” He leaned in, reaching over me towards the side of my door. He grabbed a handful of leftover napkins from a previous fast food stop. His body lingered against mine a moment longer than necessary before he handed one to me. “You got a little something… everywhere,” he teased with a smirk. I smacked his face with the napkin.
“Ok, I never professed to have strong etiquette. Here, hold this.” I handed him my wrap, which was now bundled with the extra napkins. I licked juice from my fingers, forcing a laugh. “Yes, very attractive, I know…” I hoped making a joke would disguise my embarrassment. My eyes flicked over to Shane’s amused expression.
“Very attractive,” he agreed. Then he added, “You are, actually.”
I bit my lip, inhaling deeply to chase away whatever was twirling in my stomach. Crumpling the dirty napkins, I shoved them into the cup holders of the console. “Ok, just… give me that.” I snatched back my wrap with a shy smile. “I bet you’re glad you didn’t drive us in your Lexus now.”
“Yeah, no kidding, right?” 
“Whatever. Go on; let’s see how well you do then.”
“You don’t mess with experts, Allie.” He pulled the wrapper off his food, peeling from the top but leaving the butcher paper wrapping attached at the bottom. He took a huge bite, cleanly filling his mouth. Once he managed to swallow, he made a show of dabbing at the corner of his mouth with his napkin. He grinned. “And that’s how it’s done.” 

***

Following my food fiasco in the car, Austin called, inviting us to meet up with him and a couple of friends. Tara was at his place, too. Shane didn’t even bother knocking before he opened Austin’s front door. I guess being best friends since sixth grade allowed for that kind of behavior. We stepped inside. 
“Good, you made it.” Austin hustled towards us and threw some clothes at Shane. “Here, put these on.” 
Shane caught the pants. They looked like army fatigues, dark in color with printed camouflage. Shane’s eyes lit up, like he understood where this was going.
“What’s that for?” I asked, noticing Austin wearing the same type of pants and a black hoodie. Tara stepped out of the bathroom down the hall. She wore tight, dark denim pants and a forest green shirt that said ARMY across the front. What stood out the most was the pink bandana running across her forehead. 
 “You’re here! This is for you.” She handed me an identical pink bandana with black swirls patterned on it. “How’d it go selling raffles?”
I accepted the bandana in confusion. “It was good… Ok, what’s with the outfit?”
Tara laughed. “Don’t be jealous because I’m rockin’ the pink bandana. I might need to try this look at school…”
I shook my head. “Please don’t.” 
“I think she looks sexy,” Austin said, kissing her cheek as he walked past her.
“Thanks, baby,” Tara said, watching her boyfriend walk down the hall. Two guys emerged from a bedroom, both shorter in stature. The guy with light brown hair wore jeans, as well as a green hoodie with the word ARMY printed in black letters across the chest. Tara introduced him as Ben. His redheaded friend, Landon, was dressed in similar style.  I vaguely recognized him from the wrestling team.
I remembered now that Austin’s oldest brother served in the army for a time, which explained the explosion of camouflage in tonight’s attire—but I had yet to discover the purpose. The pink bandana had to be Tara’s own personal touch, of course. I eyed the girly material with disdain.
“Oh, just put it on,” Tara said, folding it for me. “There are a couple of more shirts in the closet if you want them.”
“Shane?” I asked, my expression begging for clarification. 
“We’re going to the golf course,” Shane said with nonchalance, though excitement failed to hide behind his expression. “Remember how I told you we hang out there sometimes?”
I remembered his comment about getting creative. “I take it we’re not golfing…” 
“Nope, not quite.”
Landon pulled his hoodie over his buzzed head. “Let’s do this.”
Before long, we parked on the street just outside the golf course.
“Sorry it’s kind of cold, but you’ll warm up soon,” Shane said to me as we hopped out of my car. “Oh, be right back.” He slipped over to the trunk of Austin’s car, where our friends were applying a couple of more layers, and he came back with a pair of leather gloves. 
“Thanks.” I slipped one on. They were too big but still warm. I pulled the right glove over my fingers and noticed Shane’s full name embroidered along the wrist in cursive. I gave Shane a sideways glance. “You embroidered them with your name? Are you for real?” Hearing my words, Shane’s buddies joined in, razzing him about his extra special “lady gloves”. 
Shane swiftly punched his friends in the chest. “Bunch of idiots… You know why I have those!” Their laughter carried through the still air. To me, he said, “My mom gave them to me last Christmas, ok? Why do you think they stay buried in Austin’s trunk?” 
I snickered lightly. “Ok, fair enough.”
“All right, enough of this.” Shane pulled a black beanie low over his forehead, emphasizing his dark eyes. He put his hands on my shoulders and turned me around. Giving me a light push, he said, “We’re hoofing it from here. Let’s go.” 
The six of us cut across the golf course on foot until we reached the outskirts on the opposite side. Austin led the way, suddenly crouching behind a line of bushes. A row of houses lined up next to each other, each one as ornate as the next.
“Open the bags,” he ordered, pulling out a slingshot hooked to his hip. Ben and Landon unzipped the backpacks, handing out slingshots and paintballs.
“Who wants the first shot?” Ben asked, his fingers eagerly stretching the sling in his hands.
“I do,” Tara said, a devilish grin spreading across her face.
“You?” Landon asked, though I could sense the hint of approval behind his surprise. “All right, here you go.” He handed her the slingshot and one blue paintball. 
“You’re really going to do it?” I whispered. The most I’d ever contributed to vandalism was toilet-papering houses in middle school.
“Why not?” she asked, placing the paintball in the pouch. “I don’t want the guys thinking we can’t keep up. It was my idea for us to come.” She turned to her target, the unmarked home standing tall and wide. She reared back on the sling shot… and released. The paintball fell short about a foot. The guys quietly groaned. “Hold on, hold on…” Tara muttered. “Give me that.” She snatched a green ball and, with determination, pulled harder on the sling. When she let go, the ball sailed in a perfect arch before splattering below the window. 
“Got it!”
“That’s my girl,” Austin said. Tara beamed. 
The guys quickly followed suit, grabbing ammo and loading their slings. With rapid fire, the row of houses took one hit after another. I watched, too nervous to participate.  
“What are you waiting for? Come on.” Austin put the slingshot in my hand. “It’s harmless. Washes right off.”
I saw Landon peering at me, one eyebrow raised. He blew air through his lips and shook his head before firing another paintball. 
Fine. I’ll do it. I didn’t need anyone labeling me as the weakest link. 
I pulled back the sling, stretching as far as it could go. The paintball nailed the side of the house with a splat. I had to admit—there was something satisfying about seeing that small ball of color pop. 
We kept moving, not wanting to stay in one location too long. We snuck along the border of the golf course, crouching low when lights sprang on, and giggling softly when we heard the uproar from upset homeowners. Ben warned us we’d need to call it quits soon before anyone spotted us.
For our final target, Shane led us to the runoff ditch bordering the golf course. We lay on our stomachs, eyeing the gleaming white house directly across the way. Not only was the house white, but there was an expensive white truck parked right in front.
“Ohh, this house…” Landon said, his eyes taking on a hypnotic gaze, “is just begging to be hammered.”
“It’s beautiful…” Ben’s expression matched Landon’s, as though they couldn’t help but be drawn to this perfectly white, last target—our final attack.
Landon revealed the last of our paintball supply. We were running low, but there was just enough for a few more shots each. We kneeled on the ground, slingshots loaded, and then we let the paintballs fly. The air between us filled with snickers and playful banter. I shouldn’t have been enjoying myself as much as I was. I knew Mom would kill me for defacing homes… but it felt so good to laugh again, and to let go of behaving how I should. 
Knowing these were my last shots, I wanted to make them count—just in case the moral part of me decided not to do this again. My fingers were hot inside Shane’s leather gloves, and they were too big anyway, hindering my grip on the slingshot. I slipped it off and flexed my fingers. 
I elbowed Shane. “Watch this.” Eager to show my improvement, I pulled back as hard as I could and then let go. 
“Nice shot, rookie,” Shane said, nodding with his lips pushed out. “Imagine how good you’ll be next time.” I decided not to think about whether there would be a next time or not. 
“I have the last shot,” Austin claimed, his fingers folding over the final red paintball. We surveyed the house and truck, both now decorated in colorful polka dots. “Front door in three… two…”
“No, wait!” Ben hissed.
Too late.
The front door opened just as Austin’s finger’s released the small, leather strap. “One.” The paintball hit the middle-aged man who opened the door, straight at his burly chest. 
Tara and I gasped. The guys swore, scrambling to gather the gear. It was then that I noticed the shotgun in the man’s arms. We didn’t wait to see if he’d already cocked it.
“Move, move, move!” Landon urged.
We tore away from our hiding spot, hearing the man bellowing after us. “You freaking kids!” 
“Oh, man, we are in so much trouble.” I stayed close behind Shane.
He didn’t turn his head but called back, “No, we’re not. We’re only in trouble if we get caught.”
“Yeah,” Austin agreed from the front. “It’s not like this is the first time we’ve had to run. Keep movin’!” He put a hand on Tara’s back, keeping her in front of him. 
We crossed onto the green. My body moved fast, warm inside my layers—all except the fingers on my right hand, which I opened and closed to keep the blood circulating…
I almost tripped as I came to a halt. Realization hit my gut. “Shane! Your glove!”
“What’d you say?” Shane paused from running. He called out to me in a hushed voice. “Come on, Allie, we can’t stand around. He might have called the cops.”
My face flushed with heat. “No, no! Your glove, with your name embroidered on it. I dropped it on the ground!”
“You what?”  Shane moved towards me, his eyes widening. He let out a breath and then smoothed his concerned expression before looking back at our friends. Tara had skittered to a stop, ignoring Austin’s hand on her.
“What’s up, Allie?” Her pink bandana had fallen from her head, now twisted in one fist.
“Just go,” Shane said to the group. “We need to double back and grab something. We have Allie’s car. Meet back at my place!”
Shane and I ran back the way we came, sticking close to the trees. “I’m really sorry,” I said between breaths.
“Don’t worry about it,” Shane breathed. “It’s better if we split up anyway. Besides, I’m sure the guy’s just really pissed, but he’s not going to find us.” After another minute, we approached our previous spot. “Stay low,” Shane warned. We peeked out towards the white house speckled with evidence of our delinquency. There was no sign of the man. Or the truck.
“Uh oh…” I said.  “Where’s the—”
Before I finished speaking, we heard angry gears grinding in the distance. I inhaled, looking to Shane, my heart thumping and preparing to flee. Shane swallowed, and then let his natural confidence wash over him. “If he’s in his truck, we’re fine. He can’t come onto the golf course with his truck.” We searched the ground. 
There. I picked up the missing glove, pulling it over my fingers. I smiled at Shane in relief, glad that I hadn’t totally butchered the evening. We quickened our pace to return to the green, knowing we’d have to move fast across the fairway.
An engine roared in the distance, coming fast. We looked to our right, catching sight of the headlights careening across the bridge. 
“No way…” Shane grabbed my arm to stop me. We both saw the truck approaching on the golf course, leaving the golf cart bridge and moving towards the green. Since we were still on the edge, he hadn’t seen us yet, but he was headed our way. 
“Back to the ditch,” Shane said.
I followed him, trusting that he knew his way around and would get us out of this mess.  Back at our original hideout, we jumped into the ditch and then climbed up onto the road. The once “perfectly white” house stood beside us. We took off down the street. 
“Let’s get far enough away from here,” Shane huffed, “and then I’ll call Austin to come pick us up.” I nodded.
It was a good plan—but we didn’t get far.
Police sirens whined in the distance, nearing our location. It took only a few moments to realize we were running towards them, sharing the same road. But to turn back, we knew the man in the truck could return to his house any minute, or perhaps he was still roaming the golf course. We could only assume the police were coming for us, which maybe wasn’t a bad thing considering the guy in the truck had a shotgun. Still, neither option, police nor the madman, would end with promising results. We paused, hesitating for a moment, eying the approaching lights. We didn’t need to discuss the repercussions of vandalism. 

 “We gotta get back onto the course!” I said to Shane, my breaths heaving in and out almost in sync with his. We clamored back into the ditch and ran towards the green once more, praying the man in the truck had returned to the road to meet the cops at his home.
No such luck. 
Headlights caught us in a brilliant spotlight, though the truck seemed to be two hundred feet away still. It seemed he’d been hiding out, waiting to spot us. Seconds later, rotating red and blue lights were on the street behind us. A huge spotlight caught us in its crossfire. We were surrounded.
“Put your hands where we can see them!” An officer’s voiced carried through his megaphone from his position on the street. 
My body trembled, exhaustion and fear working against me. “Shane…” I murmured. I raised my hands into the air. 
The officer’s voice boomed into the megaphone again. “You in the truck! This is Officer Newman. Turn off your headlights!”
“They can’t see us… They’re blinding each other—they can’t see us!” Shane pulled me after him to the left. “The trees—get to the trees!” We ran twenty feet before diving into the bushes. I felt my clothing snag and was grateful for my long sleeves. 
The man in the truck cut his headlights, leaving the one giant spotlight illuminating an empty spot of grass. Both Shane and I tried to quiet our breathing while we peered out from our new position. 
“They’re going to come over here,” I whispered, fear threatening to take over.
“Don’t move.”
In the next moment, the spotlight swung towards us again. Before I could even think of what to do, Shane threw his body on top of mine, his chest lying flat on my back. I exhaled a puff of air from his sudden weight. The light roved around us, swinging ominously back and forth, seeking us out. Understanding swept over me. Shane’s camouflaged attire would help us blend into the brush, shielding us.
The spotlight surveying the hill of trees continued for one very long minute. Adrenaline raced through me, in part from the chase but also because of Shane’s body on top of mine. The side of his face pressed against my left cheek, our lips close. I thought I could feel his heart pumping straight into my back, his body pinning me to the ground. 
Finally, the spotlight lifted, though the police cars remained in position. Shane turned his face even more towards mine. “Allie,” he spoke softly.
“Hmm?” was all I could murmur, my face growing warm in anticipation of his kiss. Shane paused, a breath away, his lips mischievously close to mine. He whispered again.
 “We need to get out of here.” He slid his body from mine. I lay there, confused, for a moment longer. I took an easier breath, exhaling a mix of emotions, although I thought I caught Shane smile as he crouched next to me. “They might come after us on foot. Come on, stay low.” 
I mimicked Shane’s curved back, keeping my head bowed as I watched him lead the way up the hill of trees. Part of me wanted to shove him to the ground for messing with me—not that I could prove he was playing games. Shane did, in fact, save me from getting caught by the police and a gun-wielding maniac. Legitimately, this was not a good time to hang out and kiss each other. Still, he’d been teasing me and he liked it. I frowned at his back, still trying to figure out how I felt about him.
Shane turned to me as we trudged up the hill. “Not a bad night, huh?” he said, adjusting his beanie low over his eyes. Even though I was winded, I could still feel adrenaline pumping through my body, keeping me alert. I removed my bandana from my forehead, wondering about Tara and the others. 
“Are your Saturday nights always this crazy?” I asked. Swiping the bandana along my cheek, I attempted to wipe dirt off my face.
“Nah…” He paused with a smile. “Only when rookies come along.” 
I smacked his shoulder. “I said I was sorry! Come on, I did pretty well otherwise, right?”
Shane chuckled. “Yeah, you did all right.” Shane pointed across the golf course. “Look, there’s your car. We’re nearly there.”
We picked up the pace, eager to put the evening behind us. 




There it was again.
This time, there was no mistaking the dirty look thrown my way from the girl with jet-black hair, seated a couple of tables away. She wasn’t even trying to hide it this time. The dark eye makeup drawn around her eyes emphasized the scowl. She had one thin leg crossed over the other while her left arm draped across her stomach. The fingers of her right hand played with her silver earrings, the loose chain decorating the entire curve of her cartilage. 
I nudged Tara beside me. “Do you know that girl? Why does it look like she’s trying to strangle me with her eyes?”
Tara munched on a chip before glancing across the cafeteria. “Oh, the girl with the bad dye-job?” Tara’s observation was accurate. The girl’s hair was so unnaturally black that it washed out her already pale skin. “Not sure, but if she keeps it up, I’ll gladly go find out.” With both Tara and I returning her stare, the girl finally turned away to mutter something to her friend. No doubt, the words were about us, since the equally skinny friend sent a look of disgust our way. 
“All right, what’s her problem?” I was used to people talking about me out of curiosity or pity, but not with such blatant dislike. 
“She’s just jealous.” Taylor’s voice spoke from behind me. She and Leah placed their trays on our table. “That’s Crystal Jennings. She’s a sophomore and already notorious for hooking up with all the hot juniors and seniors.”
“I’m pretty sure your boyfriend was near the top of her list,” Leah added. She sat down. “Crystal takes pride in completing her checklist. At least, she’d proved that last year as a highly confident freshman.”
I felt the need to clarify. “Ok, first of all, Shane’s not my boyfriend.”
“Isn’t he?” Tara asked. 
“I hooked up with him one night and was almost arrested the next. I’m not sure that qualifies him as becoming my boyfriend.” While I’d kissed a couple of guys in the past, and had a boyfriend for a short time, I’d never let any relationship get serious.  It was unchartered territory as far as I was concerned, and I wasn’t sure I wanted to explore it with Shane. 
“Well,” Tara said, “Here he comes with my boyfriend, so maybe you can clear that up with Shane right now.” She waved at Austin’s and Shane’s approaching figures. They both sauntered across the cafeteria floor, only moments away from reaching us.
“Tara, no!” I hissed. “I am not having that conversation here in the cafeteria, especially with that creepy girl staring me down.” Shane had flirted with me all day Saturday, and he’d had the opportunity to kiss me at the golf course but hadn’t taken it. He’d teased me instead. Not that kissing made him my boyfriend… but maybe he had decided a one-night stand was good enough after all. That was what I’d wanted in the first place so maybe it put us on the same page again. 
“Relax. I’m just kidding,” she muttered, her teasing grin transforming into a full smile. She stood, and Austin embraced her with strong arms before kissing her cheek. They seemed natural together—nothing forced or uncomfortable about their interaction. 
And then there was Shane and I. We’d had fun together on Saturday, but I felt unsure about his intentions with me. Or even my intentions with him. 
I didn’t know what to do with myself, as I stared up at Shane from my seated position. His brown eyes met mine. “Hey, Shane.” Was I supposed to hug him? He didn’t make a move, so I didn’t either. Instead, his smooth expression greeted me with a simple smile—a smile that set my nerves dancing on edge despite myself. 
“What’s up, Allie?” Shane appeared so at ease in his skin, like nothing could rattle him. 
“Oh, not much,” I managed to say. A sense of shyness crept over me. I felt more comfortable when it was just the two of us, rather than having to worry about spectators. It didn’t help that I could feel the dark-haired Crystal observing and assessing our interaction. She was probably wondering if it was safe to make her move with Shane in the near future—which, considering I could think of nothing interesting to say in the moment, could very well be soon.
“So…” Leah said, breaking the awkward silence. “Did you guys hear Walsh is out for the season?” 
“No way!” Tara said. She pulled away from Austin, fully engaging in the conversation. “What happened?”
Leah led the conversation about Maya Walsh, the critical point guard for one of our rivals and how her broken ankle would need surgery. Apparently bored with our conversation, Shane and Austin wandered off to the lunch line. With a subtle move, I squeezed Leah’s knee in thanks for saving my inability to speak. 
Still, I peeked at Shane, thinking about Saturday night. After we had reached my car, we regrouped with our friends and things remained casual between us. We shared our escape stories, which proved less harrowing for our friends than for Shane and me. Shane and I laughed about how we’d flung ourselves into the trees and away from the police spotlight. Shane didn’t mention how he and his camouflaged self had fallen on top of me, so I didn’t either. He also hadn’t tried to kiss me when our night was over, and I couldn’t figure out if I was more relieved or disappointed.  
By the time Shane and Austin returned to our table with their food, my social skills had warmed up enough to chat about my lazy Sunday and the monotony of school life… It wasn’t until the bell rang and our group broke away for classes that Shane pulled me aside. His fingers lightly touched my elbow to hold me back. 
“What’s going on?” I asked.
“Nothing. Just wondering if you’re ok. You seem a little… uncomfortable today.”
I hated that my cheeks turned pink, proving him right. I wished I could read him as well as he could read me. “I’m not… ok, maybe a little. I don’t know…” 
Shane grinned. “You’re pretty cute when you’re nervous.” 
Ah! Flirting again! And all I could do was blush and feel tongue-tied. Why did he wait until we were alone to talk like this? I couldn’t play his games. I flicked my gaze around the emptying cafeteria, looking for an exit point—namely Tara or my sisters to chase after. No such luck. I returned Shane’s steady gaze. “I’m just getting used to hanging out with people again, I guess.” Lame. But it was a truthful statement. 
“I can understand that. You have kept to yourself a lot this year.”
At least he had noticed. It reminded me of the short conversation we’d had at his party when he’d referred to me as a “hermit”. I hadn’t appreciated it at the time, though it was accurate. When the school year begun, I did whatever I could to be invisible, whether it was hiding in the bathroom stalls, the library, or simply hurrying home right after school to escape social settings. It was too hard knowing how to respond to questions about the accident, or Maddie, and not knowing how much people knew or cared. 
“So, how about coming out with us again tonight?” Shane continued. 
“It’s Monday…”
“Yes…” Shane nodded once. “This is true.” The corners of his mouth turned up ever so slightly. He lowered his voice, moving his mouth closer to my ear. “It is ok to have a social life beyond the weekend.”
An uncomfortable laugh escaped my mouth. I busied myself with tucking hair behind my right ear and licked my lips. I lifted my face to Shane again. “Ok, sure. What’s the plan?”
“I’m not sure there is one yet,” Shane said, walking with me towards the cafeteria doors. “But it beats doing homework. We’ll think of something.” 
***
Shane and I drove through a newly developed neighborhood, evident by the freshly painted condos lined up in cookie-cutter fashion. Light peeked through some of the windows, but the further we went, there seemed to be more uninhabited condos. 
“Keep going?” Shane asked, speaking into his cell phone to Austin. The neighborhood darkened, quiet and void of people. However, lampposts in the distance provided enough light to see a number of condos currently under construction. “Yeah, I see your car now.” Shane hung up the phone. We pulled alongside Austin’s car, which was parked inconspicuously behind a high retaining wall. 
“What are we doing here?” I asked, peeking out the window. Then I saw the shadowed outlines of our friends. They were sitting on the scaffolding of an unfinished condo across from us. 
 Shane grabbed my hand and pulled me after him. Reaching the bottom of the scaffolding, we received a chorus of greetings.
“Allie!” Tara stood up and leaned over the metal railing. “Where’ve you guys been?” She received an arm nudge from Ben.
“Yo, quiet down,” he said. “We don’t need anyone calling the cops on us.” 
“Yeah, we had enough of that already,” Shane said, nudging my arm. I smiled, though I checked out my surroundings, wondering why we’d need to worry about cops again.  I followed Shane up the ladder, joining our friends on the second floor of the scaffolding. Landon threw Shane a can of beer, and then held one towards me in question. Oh. Now I understood. 
“No, I’m good.” I shoved my hands in my coat pocket, watching Shane pop the can open without hesitation. He took a swig. 
“Come on,” he said, motioning for me to sit along the edge. I sat down beside him with Tara on my right. She leaned over and linked arms with me.
“Thanks for coming. How long do you think we can get away with ‘studying at each other’s house’ before our moms figure it out?”
“Mm… I’m pretty sure my mom knows we’re just hanging out and not doing anything productive.” While I hadn’t shared details with Mom, she still seemed pretty excited that I had a social life again. Tonight, she eyed me a moment longer than necessary when I said I was going over to Tara’s to study, even though that wasn’t out of the norm for us. Tara and I both cared about our grades. Mom didn’t question me though. Still, even having her silent consent, I felt a little guilty. She would not approve if she knew drinking was involved. Tara’s eyes followed mine.
“It’ll be fine,” she whispered. 
With boys dominating our little group, Tara and I found ourselves listening to them tell war stories about weekend pranks they had pulled throughout their high school careers. We shared laughs, picturing the dumb stunts they’d pulled, including Shane partially falling through the roof of an old shack. There had been no reason to climb onto the decrepit roof they’d discovered while camping one weekend. Their way of thinking rolled more along the lines of, “Why not?” By the end of the hour, I found myself relaxing and having a good time, my feet dangling over the edge of the platform.
Shane put one arm around my shoulders, pulling me closer. “You warm enough?” he asked. 
“Yeah, I’m fine.” I tried to hide my shivers. Shane drew me towards him, close enough for his body heat to seep into mine. 
“I’m going up,” Landon announced, carrying another can of beer to the far side of the scaffolding. Teetering just slightly, he steadied himself as he prepared to climb the rungs. “You guys coming?”
“Hey, be careful!” I said, looking to Shane for support. Landon rolled his eyes, while Shane only chuckled. 
“Don’t worry about him,” Shane said to me. “He’s just buzzed.” He studied my face for a moment. I didn’t return his smile, keeping my eyes on Landon instead. Soon, his body disappeared onto the next floor. I heard his footsteps above us.
“Heeyyy, check it out!” Landon’s voice called. It sounded like he was inside the house. One by one, the rest of the group climbed the scaffolding to join him. I trailed after them, reaching the top scaffolding and then slipping through a window onto the third story of the condo. We found Landon inside what appeared to be the master bedroom. Just beyond the main room was an open wall that led onto a spacious balcony. 
“How tight would that be to have hot tub out here right now?” Austin said. 
“Not a bad view, either.” Tara stood at the edge of the balcony, peering out at the dim neighborhood. Just down the road, headlights warned of an approaching vehicle.
“Get down!” Ben said. We ducked and slipped back into the house, hiding within the unfinished walls. 
I peeked out the window. “It’s gone, I think.”
“I don’t like how that car was creepin’,” Ben said. “Someone might have spotted us earlier. Come on, grab your beer.” Everyone else headed towards the window to exit onto the scaffolding the way we entered.
 Intrigued by the interior, I said, “I just want to explore the rooms real quick. I’ll take the stairs and see you out front.”
Shane grabbed my hand. “I better come with you in case you fall or something.” He took another sip of beer. My brows knitted together and I removed the can from his hand, placing it on a windowsill.
“Hey—”
I interrupted his protest. “If anyone’s going to fall, it certainly won’t be me.” Shane let out a humored sound, but followed me down the steps. 
“At least my shoes don’t echo throughout the entire house,” he countered, eying my slightly heeled boots that were clopping loudly with each step. 
“Ok, I’ll give you that one…” 
We poked around the different rooms, trying to imagine what each might be when completed. I made my way to the front entrance, peering through the empty frame where the door should be. “I kinda like this place. Although I’m really not a fan of—” I stopped, hearing our friends scrambling on the scaffolding above us. Shane grabbed my shoulders, yanking me inside the house. He pulled me around the corner of the doorframe.
 At my objection, he placed a hand over my mouth. It was then that I heard a car slowing down just outside. Shane’s eyes warned me to be quiet, both of us knowing it might be that same car again. Someone was, without a doubt, looking for us.
Eying the exit points—which was either the front entrance or bolting to the back door adjacent to the kitchen—I prepared to flee. But after a few moments, the sound of the car faded in the distance. I breathed a sigh of relief.
 “You’re not very good at this stealth stuff, are you?” Shane teased. “First your shoes… and then you stuck your head out the front door!” 
“In my defense, having to constantly stay on guard is new territory for me! Besides, it was only for a second...” My words cut off as Shane placed both of his hands against the wall behind me, leaning in. His mouth met mine, eager and more forceful than our first kiss. I recoiled slightly, the taste of beer distracting. I pushed against his shoulder, though not enough to derail his efforts. My hand slid to his chest instead, feeling the muscle behind his shirt. The scent of his cologne drew me back in. 
I closed my eyes, enjoying the moment but also feeling confused inside. I’d wanted him to kiss me again… but was afraid for what it might mean. Would I be able to handle this life with Shane and his rambunctious friends when I was still working through so many emotions? Even in the middle of this kiss, my thoughts turned to Maddie, feeling guilty that I was indulging with Shane and living this life when she was dead. Then again, maybe I didn’t want to work through it.
 “Shane, what are we doing?” I asked, both of my hands pushing against him until he stopped. 
“I think that’s fairly obvious,” he said, his body still very much in my space. 
I let out a quiet sigh. “I like you, Shane. But I’m not sure—”
“We’re just having fun, Allie.” Shane’s quick response surprised me, yet at the same time, I knew I shouldn’t be surprised at all. “It’s senior year—nothing serious,” he continued, one finger slowly tracing the side of my face. “You and I both know this isn’t following us into college.” 
“Oh…” I felt relieved and yet bothered at the same time. I didn’t want to worry about the emotional dependence of a relationship, so I was happy he understood that… but something still didn’t feel right.
“Does that hurt your feelings?” he asked, 
“I… no…” My eyes hit the floorboard, not sure what I was feeling. A part of me liked how I felt being with Shane and feeling attractive—feeling like a normal high school girl again—but I wasn’t proud that my motives came from a selfish place of escape. It was easy to forget Maddie and the tough emotions wrapped around her death with Shane around. I knew this solution could only be temporary, but maybe that was what I needed. I could run with it just long enough to keep my head above water, so I wasn’t drowning with Maddie all over again. 
 “Good,” Shane said, his hands on my shoulders. “Because you’re a lot of fun when you want to be.”
I wasn’t entirely sure whether that was a compliment or not, but before I had time to mull it over, our friends came parading down the stairs, laughing about how fast they’d had to climb back into the building.
“That was close!”
“We’ve got to do this again.”
“Hey, give my girl some breathing room!” Tara linked arms with mine and tugged me free from Shane’s cornering stance. In a carefree manner, she pulled me out the door towards the cars. 
“She’s not your girl anymore, Tara,” Shane called from behind us. At his words, I turned my head to catch him grinning back at me.
Tara laughed as she strutted away with me. “You had a good time, right?” She winked at me, knowing Shane had kissed me again. 
“Don’t even start, Tara.” But I smiled. 



Shane and I didn’t make a big announcement about being together, but word spread fast enough. Our interactions weren’t as apparent as Tara and Austin’s. But maybe people had seen Shane playing with my hair when we sat together at lunch, or noticed the way I smiled more often. Perhaps someone had even seen him pull me into the empty gym a time or two, during the late hours after school when everyone was done with practice—or maybe when Shane, who seemed to enjoy catching me off guard, would pull me into an empty room to kiss me before a teacher walked in. I was getting the sense that he enjoyed the thrill of sneaking around, with or without cops involved.  
 I thought that by becoming “official” with Shane, I would feel less judged—that all the kids and teachers who had been evaluating me from a distance or whispering about me from the sidelines would cease to exist, or at least diminish in number. Over the next couple of weeks, I found the opposite to be true.
 With Shane and I walking hand in hand down the hallways now, not far from Tara and Austin, kids continued to watch me. The difference was, instead of talking about my summer accident and spreading rumors about the details, they seemed to be admiring me for making a comeback. If my story were a sports headline, it might read, “Against All Odds, Allie Collins Returns!” 
Younger students, especially those in Leah and Taylor’s sophomore class, seemed to follow me with admiration—or maybe it was envy. The latter was certainly the case when it came to Crystal. Her dark, smokey-eyed makeup glowered at me, one hand on her narrow hips. I’d often catch her looking me up and down, as if she couldn’t figure out why Shane would pick me. 
 Regardless of the purpose behind people staring, whether it was having Shane’s arm linked around my waist or enjoying the stardom at our basketball games, Tara was right—senior year was picking up in pace and becoming exactly what we imagined it could be. It was a refreshing change. I felt like I could hide within my new group of friends—a merger of mine and Tara’s friends, and Shane and Austin’s. Many of them were athletes, too. I was back where I belonged.  
Still, a part of me knew this was all a veneer. Just when I thought I was making strides in getting over last summer’s ordeal, images of Maddie drowning would pop into my head—sometimes out of nowhere, and other times, based off harmless comments from others. When kids talked about vacation or swimming, knots would build up in my stomach, or my brain would spiral into headaches that would send me home from school. 
I felt pathetic. Weak. I kept telling myself that if I could pretend to be over Maddie’s death, then eventually, those thoughts would seep into my emotions. It would feel real. I just needed to keep acting the part long enough. 
But on days when my façade wavered, I escaped to the library, knowing it was a safe place to hide. Anyone who ventured into the library would be there for a purpose, whether it be research or finding something good to read. Either way, eyes would be directed at books and not at me. I sank into a chair, resting my head in my hands. Despite my role change, I was getting tired of being on stage. 
“Everything all right, Ms. Collins?” a gravelly voice asked from behind my chair. 
I whipped my head up and looked over my shoulder. Mr. Nordell greeted me with a close-mouthed smile. As the high school biology teacher, I wasn’t surprised to find his hands occupied with thick textbooks. His face looked worn and tired with wrinkles that aged him, but there was a kindness to his small, brown eyes that peered down at me from his rectangular glasses. 
“Oh. Hi, Mr. Nordell.” I had to crane my neck to look up at his lanky form, my eyes stopping briefly at his ridiculous brown-and-orange plaid bow tie. What awful colors together. 
“You didn’t answer my question,” he said. “How are you doing, young lady?”
I let out a quiet laugh. Talk about a loaded question! My eyes glistened.
Crap. I wiped the tears away before they could spill down on their own. I really didn’t need another teacher contacting the school counselor with concern for my well-being. “I’m fine, Mr. Nordell. Really.” I managed to turn the corners of my mouth upwards, hoping it passed for a smile. 
“I haven’t seen you around much,” he commented, surprising me by maintaining the conversation. I had expected he would take his research material and return to his office. “You know, I always thought you’d end up in my AP Bio class this year.”
I did, too, in fact. I always found biology fascinating, and I did well in Mr. Nordell’s class when I was a sophomore. I still kind of regretted not taking the advanced course, but after Maddie died, I ended up dropping the class, not sure I would be able to handle the intensity. That was back when I was making decisions to drop a lot of things from my life. 
The bell rang, giving me an excuse not to engage, but Mr. Nordell persisted.
“I have something I’ve been meaning to show you,” he said, taking a couple of steps towards the library doors. “Stop by my classroom during lunch tomorrow. I’ll tell you about it then.”
Confused, I rose to my feet. “Oh… sure, ok.” 
Mr. Nordell nodded at me in satisfaction. “Ok, Ms. Collins, I’ll see you then.” 
The next day, I walked past the cafeteria, finishing an apple. I walked the halls. Reaching the biology room, I knocked on the door. Mr. Nordell’s calm, low voice welcomed me inside. I tossed the core in the trash and approached his desk.
“Hi,” I said with uncertainty. 
Mr. Nordell closed one of the thick books I’d seen him holding yesterday. “Go ahead and have a seat,” he invited, pulling up a chair beside him. I didn’t like the idea of sitting down. That meant this was more than just a quick chat. Tentatively, I did as he asked. I hadn’t spoken much with Mr. Nordell since he was my teacher. He was just the typical boring science teacher—nice enough—but I couldn’t imagine what he wanted to show me. 
He conversed pleasantly with me for a few minutes about nothing in particular. Finally, I asked, “So, what did you want to show me?”
Mr. Nordell pulled a beat-up wallet from the pocket of his mustard khakis. His weathered hands flipped it open, and he pulled out a laminated photo. I could tell the photo was older because of how the corners were peeling and bubbling apart. 
I accepted the photo in my hands of a woman in her late thirties, though her clothes suggested it was a couple of decades old. She was pretty enough, even with her light brown hair curled with bangs over her forehead. What touched me was the sweet smile on her face. “Is this your wife?” I asked, though I wondered why he was keeping such an outdated photo of her in his wallet. Then it dawned on me why he must be showing me this picture, even as he answered.
“Yep,” Mr. Nordell said. “That’s the last formal picture I took of her, the day before we found out she had ovarian cancer. She didn’t like too many picture of herself after that.”
I handed the photo back to Mr. Nordell. Gingerly, he accepted it. “I’m very sorry to hear that.” 
“Twenty years ago,” he said, leaning back in his chair with a sigh. “Death—it changes you.” He made eye contact as though waiting for my response.
“Yeah, I know.” My words were curt, though I spoke softly so I didn’t come off disrespectful. Even though I didn’t like being tricked into the topic, I wasn’t about to walk out when he was speaking of his dead wife. 
“I know a little something about change,” he said, his gaze strong. He didn’t push me to speak, though I could feel the window of opportunity cracking open. Even though the situation was a little uncomfortable, there was an aura of kindness and understanding about him. 
“I’m sure you do. It must have been difficult to watch your wife pass away.” I didn’t know what else to say besides the generic response—although, personally, sometimes I wished people would stick to general comments instead of diving into “sage advice”. Especially when they’d never experienced death.
Mr. Nordell simply nodded, his expression thoughtful. I waited a few moments, expecting him to dive into his story and tell me all about how he overcame his loss. The school counselor had probably put him up to this since she had been unable to make headway with me herself at the beginning of the school year. Or maybe Mom had called him… 
Instead of talking about himself and then probing me to share the details that the whole school seemed interested in hearing, Mr. Nordell surprised me. Interlocking his fingers, he placed them on the desk. “If you ever want to hear more about that change I mentioned, stop by after school some time.”
“Is… that all?” I asked, confusion touching my expression. Adults didn’t normally end this topic with me so easily.
Mr. Nordell’s weathered brown eyes stayed with mine. “If you’d like.”
I glanced at the open classroom door, hesitating. “Ok, then,” I said. “Um, bye, Mr. Nordell.” Picking up my backpack, I stepped quickly into the hall, shutting the door behind me.

***

 “Where were you?” Tara asked as she pulled open her front door. She stood there in sports shorts and a tank top, with her fluorescent-pink sports bra peeking out from underneath her black top. In contrast, wearing jeans and a black sweater from school today, I slid past her scowl and sat down on her couch. She followed me in earnest, plopping down next to me in a huff. “Why did you skip out on practice today? Coach was livid!”
I had no doubt Coach Robbins was indeed red faced and furious. You pretty much had to be lying in bed puking (and doing so while on the phone with him), for Coach to forgive a missed practice. Forgive was probably too generous a word though. It was more like he would be “forced to acknowledge illness,” and then you paid for it later with what could only be described as physical torment. 
“I know, I know,” I said, having already ignored the first phone call from him. I was not looking forward to that conversation.
“Do you know how much it sucked to be yelled at in your place? I guess he thinks I was in on it or something—which I’m totally not, since I’ve hardly even seen you this week during school. Where’ve you been?”
Knowing she wouldn’t understand my new library hideout, I hesitated with my explanation. It was Monday when Mr. Nordell first spoke to me in the library and invited me to his classroom. Tuesday was when he had mentioned his wife’s passing. I didn’t know why, but there was something about him that made me want to listen to what he had to say. Maybe it was the way he invited without pushing, or the genuine way in which he spoke from the heart, but I wanted to hear more about his wife.
So today, Thursday, I had stepped into his classroom after school.
“Ms. Collins,” he’d said, “What can I do for you?”
I swallowed once, making up my mind to press forward with the conversation. “What do you miss most about your wife?” 
 Mr. Nordell had immediately stopped erasing the white board and sat down with me. He talked about missing Cynthia’s companionship, hearing the music she played on the piano, and smelling the food she cooked wafting through the house and welcoming him home. He talked about the laughter and conversations they shared, and the memories of raising two kids together.
I asked him if her death had changed him significantly. His response was, “You can’t get hit with an emotional sledgehammer without incurring some psychological scarring.” He told me to come back another day, and he would elaborate. Not once did he ask about Maddie’s death or my near drowning. For once, it was just refreshing to listen to someone else share their story of love and loss. But mostly the love. 
I tried to explain this to Tara, but the first thing she said from the couch was, “NERD-dell? You were hanging out with that old geezer?” 
“Tara, really? Ok, this is why I wasn’t going to tell you.”
Tara’s dad happened to walk into the kitchen during our conversation. He poked his head out from behind the wall. “Did you say Nordell? As in Frank Nordell?’
“Yeah, that dreary geek of a science teacher,” Tara answered. “Talk about snooze-fest during tenth grade biology.”
“Oh come on, he wasn’t that bad. He was interesting if you were paying attention,” I defended. 
Mr. Davis chimed into the conversation. “Nordell is still there, huh? He was my teacher during senior year. You guys call him “NERD-dell” now? Well, that’s certainly a change.”
“How do you mean?” I asked.
“I’ll be right back.” Mr. Davis hurried down into the basement. A few minutes later, he returned with an old yearbook from twenty years ago. It was from his senior year. “See, look here,” he continued, flipping through the pages. He paused at a full spread of pictures and an article highlighting Mr. Nordell. Aside from the contrast in age, I was surprised by the photos I saw, portraying a much younger Nordell with a wide smile and brightness to his eyes that made them seem larger than they actually were. Of course, that could have been due to his oversized glasses, too. 
“Nordell was all the rage,” Mr. Davis said, flipping a few pages to show more pictures of our teacher hanging out with students. Some of the pictures portrayed science experiments with students eagerly involved, while others were of a goofy nature with Mr. Nordell wearing a rainbow mullet wig or a ridiculous orange top hat. All of his pictures included students squeezing into the picture, eager to be a part of the memories. 
“Wow, I can’t believe so many kids are hanging on him, like he was cool or something,” Tara interjected. 
“He was,” Mr. Davis said, turning to a page dedicated to teacher superlatives. He pointed to a laughing Nordell, his jaw opened wide in what appeared to be a boisterous laugh. Underneath the picture were the words: Most likely to change the world, one laugh at a time!
“He was well-liked by every student he encountered, and he could turn any bad day upside down. It’s too bad about his wife,” Mr. Davis added, closing the yearbook. “They didn’t find out about her cancer until it was stage four. She passed away within a few months of her diagnosis.” Tara’s dad shook his head sympathetically. “The interesting thing though, is that I didn’t even know Nordell had a wife until she became sick. Nordell was friendly and outgoing but not very open when it came to his personal life.”
Considering the cherished memories and details that Mr. Nordell had shared with me already, this fact surprised me. So that was evidence of one thing that had changed about him. I continued to listen to Mr. Davis reminisce.
“I had just graduated high school when she died, so I didn’t follow up with how Nordell faired after all that, though I heard back then that it hit him pretty hard. I can only imagine…” He put his arm around Tara’s shoulders. “Don’t know what I’d do if your mom died.”
“Yeah, that would suck,” Tara agreed. “Well, I’m sure that won’t happen to us. That would be crazy.”
I tried to ignore the bitter thoughts in my mind. I was envious of her naïve outlook on death—as if tragedy wouldn’t strike her family simply because everything seemed to go right for her. I used to be like that. I used to think my life was invincible, too. 
It wasn’t—and I wanted now, more than ever, to visit with Mr. Nordell again. 



The lunch bell rang. Walking down the hall on Friday, I hurried toward Mr. Nordell’s room. In my haste, I didn’t even see Shane until he called my name. He grabbed my arm to slow me down.
“There you are,” Shane said. “Where are you going? Didn’t you see my texts?”
I pulled my arm free from his grasp, not appreciating the hold. “No, I haven’t had time to check my phone. I was in a hurry, actually.” I noticed the irritated gleam in his eyes. 
“Well, wherever you were going, you need to cancel. Austin just had free period and is driving back with pizza. He’s meeting us in the senior quad. Come on.” He took my arm again, pulling me in the other direction.
“Hey, stop it,” I said, freeing my limb once again. He wasn’t gripping me hard, but I didn’t appreciate him intervening in my plans—plans that were more important to me than eating cheap pizza. The annoyance in Shane’s expression returned.
“What’s the matter with you?” he asked. His dark eyebrows push downwards with disappointment. “We’ve hardly hung out all week. You keep disappearing.” His expression turned. His fingers caressed the side of my face and, with a softer voice, he said, “You ok?”
At his touch, my own annoyance faltered, as did my words. I could admit that I wasn’t being much of a girlfriend to him this past week… or whatever our relationship was at the moment. Wasn’t I supposed to look forward to hanging out with him, rather than feel obligated? 
I paid attention around me for a moment, catching the infatuated ogling happening from a number of girls passing by. You are so lucky, their expressions seemed to say when they caught my eyes. What was wrong with me that I couldn’t appreciate being with Shane? Superficial or not, it was easier to be a part of this dating limelight than spotlighted by grief. I didn’t want to lose that.
I gently removed his fingers from my face but made a point of holding his hand. “Yeah, I’m fine.” Burying a sigh, I turned my back on Mr. Nordell’s classroom. My conversation with him would have to wait until after the weekend now. “All right, let’s go get some pizza.”

***

That night, we crept along the fence of an apartment building, hoping to gain access to the community hot tub. Tara and Austin led the way, followed by Ben and Landon, and a girl named Kate. She was better friends with Ben than with any of us. Shane and I brought up the rear. As suspected, since it was just past ten PM, the gate was locked and the pool area empty.
A part of me hoped we would just call it a night. We had already stayed after school for the boys’ basketball game. After showers, we met up at Shane’s house for dinner and a movie in his home-theater room. With the basement designed in stadium seating and a projector, it’d been nice to sink into his thick leather couches and relax. Now, however, I was anxious about getting caught breaking into the apartment complex—but I also didn’t want to be the first to bail. Everyone had given me a hard time at lunch today while we ate pizza in the quad, talking about how I had pretty much ditched them all week. 
“Looks like we’ll have to jump the fence after all,” Austin said, assessing the height.
“It’s only seven-feet high or so.” Ben tested the strength of the iron fence by jumping and applying some of his weight. It seemed sturdy enough. One by one, we took turns hopping over the fence, us girls utilizing someone’s knee for extra height and stability. The sharp, pointed ends at the top of the fence were a little trickier to hurdle, but with help, we all managed to jump over unscathed.
We had to rely on the nearby street lamps to provide dim lighting around the hot tub, but it was enough. We stripped our sweats and T-shirts down to our swimsuits and slipped into the hot tub. Fortunately, the water was still warm. Kate hit the switch for the jets, blasting us with a spray of bubbles.
“Man, this was the best idea ever,” Shane said, sinking up to his chin.
“Yeah, no kidding,” Austin agreed. “Not a bad way to celebrate our win today.” There was a chorus of approval from our group. My nerves aside, I had to admit that the hot tub soothed my aching muscles like magic. 
“Well,” Landon said, leaning over the edge of the hot tub to grab his duffle bag. “Time for the essentials.” He unzipped it and pulled out a six-pack. He popped the cans off the plastic rings and handed them out.
I shook my head and turned down Landon’s offer, hearing Shane’s can crack open with a hiss beside me. I watched Tara accept the beer, though her eyes flicked towards me for just an instant before she pulled back on the metal tab. Shane took a gulp and slipped his arm around my shoulders. “What? You’re not gonna drink tonight?” 
“Not any night,” I corrected, ignoring the smirks from Kate and Landon. Shane chuckled before taking another sip. 
“All right, all right,” he said in a patronizing tone. His wide smile showed he was humored by my statement. I wasn’t sure what he thought was so funny. “Just checking if you had changed your mind yet.” 
“Come on. Lighten up, Allie.” Austin complained, nuzzling Tara’s neck. She laughed, pulling away like it tickled, though her eyes caught mine with a touch of apprehension.
“Hey, ease up, man,” Shane said to his friend, sitting up against the hot tub. “She doesn’t want a drink right now. Big deal.” 
I directed my words at Austin. “If you cared about your position on the basketball team as much as you appear, I’d be more cautious if I were you. If any of you get caught,” my eyes darted to Tara, “you’re going to be kicked off the team, or at least suspended from a game or two.  Are you really willing to jeopardize that?” As wrestlers, this could affect Ben and Landon, too.
Tara blindsided me with her comment. She almost said the words under her breath, but not quite. “What’s it to you? It’s not like you care about our team anyway.”
My mouth opened, reflecting on the grueling training I’d endured five days a week for over a month. “It was one practice, Tara. I missed one practice.” I couldn’t believe Tara was ganging up on me with Austin. She had a tendency to be outspoken, but there was something more scornful about her words tonight, and they were aimed at me.
“You’re totally off your game,” Tara said, placing her beer on the side of the hot tub.
“What are you talking about? I kill myself during practice!” I could feel a rush of heat touch my face, fueled by disbelief and hurt. I may not be doing a lot of things right this year, but I knew how to push myself. 
Tara shook her head. “Sure, you’re training, but when it comes to the team—to the game—you’re still stuck in your own little world. Take Wednesday’s game, for instance. You were out there on the court, but it’s like you were just going through the motions.  Yes, we won, but where’s that fire and drive you used to have? I mean, seriously, did that part of you drown with your cousin?”
Tara’s hand slapped over her mouth, her eyes wide. She obviously hadn’t meant to say those words, but with how fast they slipped from her lips, she’d had them locked and loaded. “I—I mean…” Her words stuttered, her voice soft and uncertain.
I clenched my jaw, refusing to let the sting of her words show on my face. Still, I had to swallow the lump in my throat, praying the burning in my eyes wouldn’t result in tears. I watched Tara’s face crumple, an apology forming in her gaze. 
The expressions on everyone’s face showed their discomfort, their eyes looking back and forth between Tara and me. I couldn’t believe she’d said that to me, even if there was some truth to her words. She was right, of course. Even I could tell that my love for the game—the passion that had fueled my adrenaline for years—was lacking this season. I was trying, I really was. But a person could only fake that devotion and intensity for so long.  Still, Tara didn’t need to point it out to everyone, not like this. 
I stood up and stepped out of the hot tub, wrapping my towel around my torso as I stalked off towards the fence with my clothes in hand. 
“Allie—Allie, wait!” Tara called out. From the sounds of water splashing behind me, I knew she, and perhaps Shane, were scrambling out of the hot tub, too. I didn’t know where I was going—it wasn’t like I had keys to either of the two cars we had carpooled in. 
“Hold on, Allie!” Shane’s voice also called. I reached the fence and dropped my towel long enough to slip my clothes back on. By the time I finished dressing, Tara and Shane had caught up to me.
“I didn’t mean it,” Tara said. “Really, I—” Her words were cut off when we heard a short siren on the other side of the fence behind us. Red and blue lights flashed in our eyes.
“Cops!” Austin shouted. All of them leaped out of the tub, ditching their beer cans but snatching their clothes. They sprinted to the far side of the fence. Tara, Shane, and I followed suit, ignoring the cop who stepped out of his vehicle.
“Hey, you kids there!” he hollered. “Hold it!”
Oh, crap!
My heart thumped in my chest as I took off after the others. The cop yelled at us again. I chanced a look over my shoulder, seeing him running along the fence towards us. 
 Kate, Ben, and Landon had already scaled the fence and were far down the road. Austin was on the other side of the fence, waiting for Tara. Shane lifted her enough so she could pull herself up and over, letting Austin catch her. Then Shane gave me a boost. I swung my leg over the top, intending for my jump to carry me through. But my sweatpants caught on the sharp, pointed edge, grazing my thigh. The unexpected jolt threw off my landing, and I twisted my right ankle. I grimaced in pain just before Shane landed next to me. He pulled me to my feet while I hobbled after him for a few steps. 
“Stop!” The cop was fifty feet away, pointing his flashlight at us as he drew near. Shane swore under his breath, holding my bicep as he tugged me alongside him. Adrenaline kicked in, providing a low anesthetic for the pain. I ignored my body’s attempts to slow me down, warning me of my injured ankle. 
I shook Shane off. “I’m fine! I can run!” 
We had no idea which direction everyone else had escaped. We cut across the road, aiming to lodge ourselves between the close-knit houses along the street—and to escape the cop’s view. Glancing over my shoulder, my face fell in dismay. He had seen where we’d turned and was gaining on us! Whatever happened to the overweight, donut-eating cops everyone stereotyped? We could have really used one of them at the moment, instead of this guy, who was fit and chasing us like he had something to prove. 
Just let us go already! I wanted to shout. I hoped he’d consider us good and scared and surrender the pursuit, but fortune was not on our side. Not only that, but we could also hear him on his radio, calling for backup.
Really? You need backup? 
“Come on, come on!” Shane’s hushed voice called to me as we leaped over bushes and slipped passed trees. A wave of familiarity hit me, realizing it had only been a few weeks since we’d been chased on the golf course for our paintballing stunt. I wondered if we’d be so lucky this time. 
We stumbled back onto another street, running at a diagonal to hide between another row of houses. As we crossed the curb, my damaged ankle finally gave out and I fell to my knees with a grunt. Shane had already made it between the houses before he looked back and saw me struggling. Just up the road, a cop car flashed its lights, heading my way—and not fifteen feet behind me was Hero-cop.
“Shane, run! Get out of here!” I cried. He hesitated until I shouted again. “Go!” On my feet once more, I turned right. My crippled run slowed me down, but at least I was drawing the cop on foot in my direction, away from Shane. I knew that if someone were to get caught tonight, it was better that it be me. 
Not thirty seconds later, Hero-cop wrapped his large hand around my bicep, whipping me to a halt. Without even giving me a chance to face him, he ordered me to my knees.
“Put your hands behind your back,” he commanded, his voice booming with authority. His handcuffs clanked together with anticipation. I kneeled on the curb, my eyes catching the curious onlookers driving by and a woman peeking through her blinds. I tried to ignore their stares, my face flushed and my breaths heaving in my chest. Some teenagers driving by hollered at me with laughter, mocking my arrest. I kept my eyes down, anger and adrenaline keeping me heated, despite the cold weather wrapping its icy breath around me. 
With the handcuffs locked in place, the cop pulled me to my feet, turning me around to face him and his unwarranted “backup”. This cop was definitely younger—probably new in his career, which explained his zealous chase.
“What have we got here, Jared?” the second cop said, assessing my appearance. He looked more seasoned and didn’t strut the way Hero-cop did. “They gave you a pretty decent chase, huh?”
Hero-cop shook his head with a laugh. His chest puffed out as he spoke, highlighting his muscled frame. “Nah, it was nothin’.”
 I rolled my eyes at his ego. I couldn’t help myself from speaking. “Yeah, good for you for catching an injured seventeen-year-old girl.” I didn’t break away from his glare. “Fantastic job.” His frown hardened, while the other cop suppressed a smile behind one hand. I knew I shouldn’t have said it. It certainly wouldn’t help my situation, but the anger I’d felt at my so-called friends needed to be redirected somewhere. 
“Have a seat,” Hero-cop said, gripping my arm and yanking me backwards. I landed on my rear, seated on the edge of the curb. 
Whatever. I probably deserved that.
The other cop winked at me with a grin. Confused but happy for a possible ally, I let a smile slip in return, while Hero-cop flipped through a notepad. 
“Caught this one and a few of her friends drinking inside Jordan Apartments. The ol’ hot tub break in again,” Hero-cop said, glancing at me like I was being scolded. 
“For what it’s worth, I wasn’t drinking.” I tossed my head to knock strands of hair away from my eyes. 
“We’ll see about that,” Hero-cop said. “Evan, I need to grab the Breathalyzer from your car. Be right back.”
Officer Evan nodded. Turning to me, he asked, “So what’s your name?”
“Allie Collins.”
“You have ID on you, Allie?” 
 “No, I don’t.”  I’d left my purse, with my wallet and phone, inside Shane’s car. I wondered how those guys were doing, assuming they had made their way back to the cars by now. 
“Well,” Officer Evan started. 
Hero-cop cut him off. “Guess that means you’ll be under arrest so your parents can come and claim you from jail—if they want.” 
I suppressed the urge to retort with another rude remark. I knew at this point I shouldn’t press my luck, even if this cop thought he was hardcore or something. It was obviously a slow night for actual criminals if he was willing to take the pursuit this far. 
“Breathe into this,” he instructed. I blew into the tube with zero hesitancy, knowing I’d pass the test. Hero-cop seemed disappointed with the results. Bringing me to my feet, Officer Evan escorted me into the back of his police car. I’d never sat in one before. The doors slammed shut. I felt claustrophobic, staring at the caged wall that barred me from the front seats. 
How did I get myself into this mess? I wondered, watching the two cops getting into a discussion outside my window. Reflecting on the recent scares over the past few weeks, I couldn’t help but realize that Shane and my new friends were the common factor in these repeat scenarios. 
Both cops situated themselves in the front seat. Hero-cop’s frown deepened, but he didn’t say anything more to me—not even when Officer Evan dropped him off at his car. I did a quick scan of the streets but didn’t see Shane or Austin’s cars. 
Once we were alone, the officer turned his head towards me and said, “I convinced Officer Harmon to let me take you home. You obviously weren’t drinking. Consider this a warning.” 
I nodded my head. “Thanks. I appreciate that.” I gave him my home address. After a minute of driving, Officer Evan broke the silence.
“So let me guess. You’re a senior?”
“Yeah.”
“You thinking about college?”
“Of course,” I answered. “I’m still just doing applications and all that.” I could feel his next question. “Fresno State, maybe.”
“Northern California. Nice choice. So what high school do you attend?”
I closed my mouth, eying the back of the police officer’s head. If he wasn’t arresting me, he didn’t need my personal details. I folded my arms. “Is this the whole ‘good cop-bad cop’ scenario where you convince me to give up my friends? Because I’m not going to do that.”
A moment of silence—then he let out a laugh. “Relax. It’s called making small talk.” He looked over his shoulder at me through the grate, his expression humored. “I’m beginning to think kids these days don’t know how to do that anymore if it doesn’t involve texting.” He returned his eyes to the road. 
I let out a sound of contempt. “I can handle small talk. I just don’t like being tricked.”
“No tricks here,” Officer Evans said. “But I can understand you being cautious. It’s the ‘stranger-danger’ concept we try and ingrain in little kids. Besides, we all have things we’d rather keep to ourselves. Right?”
I stopped talking after that. 




 “What were you doing breaking into an apartment complex anyway?” Mom asked, her arms folded across her chest and her posture rigid.  She closed the front door behind me.
“There wasn’t actually any breaking…” I started to say, trying to ease my way towards my bedroom around the corner. 
“And why would you think it’s ok to stick around while your friends drank?” Mom’s voice rose higher with each question. At this rate, I expected she might reach the level of “only dogs can hear you”. I almost made a joke about that, but held my tongue. She was evidently not in the mood. 
“About them being my friends… I’ll admit that’s a little in question these days…” I took another side step, adding a bit of distance between us. My friendship with Tara and the rest of them would take a little time to figure out, though at the moment, I was still riding on adrenaline from being chased. And my ankle throbbed.
Mom threw up her hands. “Well, that’s obvious! I can’t believe they all ditched you and left you to take the rap.” She let out a disgruntled sigh and then mumbled with a shake of her head, “And to think I thought that boy was so nice….”
Thinking about Shane and remembering the concern in his eyes as he saw me fall, I felt like I needed to put a plug in for him. I was the one who had told him to leave, after all. “They didn’t ditch me on purpose. We all split up after we jumped the—” Mom’s glare made me pause, and I mumbled the last word, “—fence.” 
“Allie, it is very late—and I know your sisters are wide awake, listening through their door.” We heard a quick thunk from the hallway, indicating Mom’s statement was correct. I tried not to laugh, but the sound escaped anyway. My sisters were so nosy. 
Mom sighed. “When I told you I hoped you would hang out with your friends again, I didn’t mean like this. What were you thinking?” Mom put a hand to her forehead. “Never mind. We’ll discuss this later. Just please go to bed, and don’t expect to have any plans this weekend.” 
I had figured as much. 
With no phone and being grounded from leaving the house, the rest of the weekend continued without incident, other than Shane stopping by to return my phone Saturday morning. I was on the couch, elevating my foot to ease the blue swelling, when Mom opened the front door. I couldn’t hear the conversation, but whatever murmured exchange took place was short and to the point. Mom passed by the living room with my phone in her hands. I eyed the phone before checking her expression.
She didn’t even slow her stride. “Don’t even think about it.” 
With my phone locked away, I had plenty of time to wonder how the night had played out for Shane and the others. I also had time to think about my friendship with Tara. Her words regarding my lack of heart in basketball still hurt. Our relationship seemed to be deteriorating quickly, and I felt a sense of loss. Whether it was her dating Austin or my failed efforts to normalize myself since the accident, things were changing between us and I didn’t like it, or even know what to do about it. 
An hour later, Leah and Taylor left the house to catch a matinee. One minute after the door shut, it opened again and Taylor reappeared. 
“Did you forget something?” I asked.
Taylor glanced around before hurrying to my side. Her grin turned devious as she slipped a folded piece of paper into my hands. “Better not let Mom see.” With those instructions, she flew out the door just as Mom rounded the corner. I made a fist, wadding the paper inside my hand. 
“Was that Taylor? I thought Mrs. Stevens picked them up already. They’re going to be late to the movie.”  Mom opened the door, peering outside, and then waved as the car pulled out of the driveway. 
“She… forgot her wallet,” I said, restraining my curiosity as the corners of the folded paper dug into my palm. 
Mom shut the door and finished buttoning her blue dress shirt. I noticed she had also changed into black slacks and had applied makeup. 
“Are you going to the office today?” I asked, though I already knew the answer. 
Mom grabbed a stack of papers from the table and shoved them into her work bag. “Yes, I need to go in for a few hours, unfortunately.”
“But you worked the last two weekends, too.”
She ran a hand through her hair, taking a moment to pull through a tangled end. “I know, I’m sorry. It’s been crazy at the firm this month—absolutely nuts. There’s a big case going to trial, and truly, the attorneys are hopeless without us…” She sighed, pausing to slip on her shoes.
 I didn’t know much about law, but I knew any firm would be lucky to have my mom as their paralegal. She didn’t put up with nonsense, as I was experiencing firsthand myself. 
“Anyway, it’s just for the afternoon. I’ll be back for dinner. Thai food tonight?” 
“Sure.” 
“Ok, then. Stay off your ankle, all right? And by that, I mean, you better not leave the house.” She tipped her head and gave me a strong, pointed look. 
“I’m not going anywhere.” 
“And he better not come in,” Mom added.
“Ok already!”
 As soon as Mom left, I stretched open my fingers. Unfolding the wad of paper, I saw a handwritten note and, after skimming the bottom, saw it was from Shane:
Hey, Beautiful,
Sorry about last night. Can’t believe that dumb cop cuffed you! If it makes you feel any better, you looked hot getting arrested. Hope your ankle is ok. I’m tempted to stop by your window tonight to see you, but I know you will tell me that’s a bad idea. I’ll give your Mom some space before I try stopping by again. (She hates me, doesn’t she?) Catch you at school.
Shane
PS: I’m sitting and waiting in the bushes. I texted your sister, and she said she was leaving the house soon. It’s freezing out here. Oh well. I’m sure you’ll make it up to me later.  
I folded the note and tucked it into my back pocket. While I knew our relationship lacked in a lot of ways, the note still made me smile… and also roll my eyes, considering the last line. I wondered if he was still out there—and if he was, hopefully Shane had parked away from the house. If not, he was probably getting an earful from Mom right now.
I thought about slipping outside to check for him—but I didn’t want to break Mom’s trust, especially if her leaving for work was actually a test. Maybe she was hiding around the corner, waiting to see what I would do next.  
Not likely. She really did take her job seriously and had enough to worry about without me causing drama. I kept the door locked until my sisters came home. 
By early Monday morning, my phone seemed heavier in my hands when I saw the bombardment of new text messages from Tara. They were a stream of apologies that had been sent throughout the weekend, in between missed calls. I softened a little, reminding myself that I’d said my fair share of rude things to people in the heat of the moment. Barely making it to school on time, I hobbled out of my car and hurried to class without a chance to talk to her or Shane. 
The rumors were back. I could feel it. With all the experience I’d gained since the beginning of the school year, my peripheral vision had a knack for picking up on the questionable looks from students. As I limped into my first period class, a spray of whispering showered the room—only pausing when my eyes caught the murmuring culprits looking back at me. I could barely focus on what my English teacher was saying. Instead, an anxious weight in my chest made me feel self-conscious and uncertain. People were talking about me again, and I was sure it had something to do with the weekend incident. 
I found Taylor after my English class, assuming she would know if anything was going on. She liked keeping up with the latest happenings at school.
“So did you hear what happened to you this weekend?” she asked, her eyes wide in exaggeration. She grinned when I folded my arms.
“Just get it over with. What’s everyone saying about me this time?” I asked. 
“Well, it’s more exciting than what really happened.” Taylor shut her locker.
“It always is. Just tell me.”
“Ok, but you’re going to be mad.” At my impatient gesture, she continued. “The rumor going around is that you cheated on Shane with some random guy in a hot tub—”
“Of course,” I said, placing one hand on my hip “And?”
“And then the cops arrested you for drinking, and you spent the night in jail.”
I threw my head back in frustration. “For real? Why does anyone believe this crap?” I was really getting sick of high school.
Taylor walked with me. “It doesn’t matter if it’s believable—if it’s fun to assume it’s true, then that’s more entertaining than the truth itself.” I frowned at her words, knowing she had a point. The trend of drama-filled reality shows, with ratings skyrocketing when an episode was fueled with deceit and betrayal, proved that much.
 “I have to say, graduating high school and leaving all this behind is looking more appealing every day.”
“That’s mean,” Taylor said. “What about Leah and me?”
“Well, of course, I’ll miss you guys. Even if you are overly boy crazy.”
Taylor shrugged, not the least bit concerned about my opinion. “You’re the one with the boyfriend,” she countered. I couldn’t really argue there, although the term “boyfriend” seemed too formal for Shane and me and, according to the newest rumor, I no longer had one anyway. “At least you still have basketball.”
I hesitated with my response and then settled for, “Yeah—I guess.”  Taylor’s eyebrows curved in confusion, or maybe disappointment… Then something, or someone, of interest caught her attention. Just as I turned my head, a pair of soft lips fixed on mine, pressing against me with determination. I staggered backwards in surprise, pulling away from the sneak attack. 
Shane grinned back at me. Taylor put a hand to her mouth and giggled. “I’ll let you handle that on your own. Later, Allie!”
“What was that for?” I asked, looking around in embarrassment to see if anyone had noticed. I really didn’t need the extra attention. As expected, kids slowed their pace, rubbernecking when they walked by, as if trying to catch a glimpse of a car accident. With news going around that I cheated on Shane, they were probably hoping for a dramatic end to our relationship—especially the usual crowd gawking at him with lovesick eyes.
Shane laughed. “Just trying to eradicate the rumors, or at least the one about us breaking up.” His face twisted into a mock-scowl as he pointed his finger at me. Speaking louder, he said sternly, “And don’t cheat on me again!”
I grabbed his finger with one hand, using my other to push his chest backwards until he knocked into a locker. “Stop it!” I hissed. “That is the opposite of helping!”
Shane chuckled, grabbing both my hands with his. He looked down, his perfect smile diffusing me—until he spoke again. “Oh, people need to lighten up. Let’s be honest—why would you ever cheat on me?”
My mouth gaped open as I folded my arms across my chest. “You are unbelievable.”
“Thank you.”
“That wasn’t a compliment.” I broke free from his grasp. “You really are more attractive when you’re not talking.” Despite his arrogant laughter, I added, “Speaking of which, thanks for the note on Saturday.” 	
“I thought you might like that. How’s the ankle?”
“Sore, but I’m mobile enough.”
“So when should I try and win your mom over?” Shane wrapped his arms around me and pulled my body into his. My cheeks flushed, still feeling the questioning gazes. 
“Um,” I said, peeling myself away from his grasp, “you might want to give that some time. She doesn’t have the most forgiving nature…” I’d witnessed it firsthand after Dad cheated and he tried to reconcile. Not that I blamed her, and of course, that issue was on a much larger scale than this. But still, I knew she wouldn’t make it easy on Shane to change her opinion of him. “Hey, I gotta get to class. I’ll catch up with you at lunch.” I steered away from Shane and all the whispers trailing behind me. 
Tara and I finally ran into each other. We sat in the senior quad with our usual group, including Austin, Kate, Ben, and Landon. This was the first time all of us were together again since Friday night’s fiasco. Tara greeted me with a tight squeeze before jumping into her apologies again.
“It’s ok,” I interrupted. “Let’s just start over, all right? So what happened to you guys after we split?” I asked.
“Austin and I stuck together,” Tara said, while Austin’s arms wrapped securely around her waist. That fact didn’t surprise me. 
“We turned the corner and ran half a block before we circled back to the cars,” Austin chimed in. “We wanted to wait for you and Shane, but were afraid the cop would return and start asking questions.”
Kate spoke. “Austin and Tara picked us up when they saw us sneaking around Shane’s car.” She gestured at Ben and Landon. “We were waiting for you guys to get back.”
“We kept driving by until we saw Shane return,” Tara said. “We were so scared when we realized you weren’t with him! We heard Shane’s version through text messages, but I want to hear it from you. Give us the details!” 
I gave them a brief rundown of the evening, including twisting my ankle, the overzealous cop chasing me down, and the mellow cop intervening and giving me a break.
“It’s a good thing you were caught and not us,” Landon said with relief in his voice. While I’d had the same thought—understanding that their consequences would have been more severe than mine with alcohol on their breaths—I didn’t appreciate the statement coming from him. He was the dummy who had brought the beer in the first place.
“Is that your way of saying ‘thank you?’” I asked, not hiding the annoyance in my tone.
Landon seemed taken aback by my response. “Why would I thank you? I got away just fine. You’re the one that apparently couldn’t jump the fence.” He indicated my bruised ankle.
“If you hadn’t brought beer, that cop wouldn’t have bothered chasing us in the first place!” Fuming, I glared at him. “I could have turned you in—any of you—” I added, my gaze circling, “—but I didn’t.”
“Not turning us in should be a given, not a favor,” Austin said. “That’s what friends do. Look, if you want a ‘thank you’—”
“Austin, quit being an idiot,” Shane interrupted.
Both Austin and I ignored him. “No, that’s not the point. I just…” I let out a huff of frustration, unsure what I wanted. I was irritated at them for dragging me into the situation after I had even warned them, and mad at myself for not stepping out when I was uncomfortable with it. As for them being my friends… I looked around the disgruntled group. The term friend was being used as loosely as boyfriend. “Forget it.” I abandoned my sandwich, ignoring Tara calling after me. When Shane caught up to me, I resisted his touch and asked for some time alone.

***

Shuffling into the gym, I hugged the sidelines while my teammates started the usual warm up by jogging around the court. Seating myself on the bottom bleacher, I put my feet out in front of me to elevate my ankle. Walking around on it all day had increased the swelling again, almost immobilizing the joint. I should have borrowed crutches, but I didn’t want to draw more attention.
“Collins!” Coach Robbins voice boomed as he pushed his way through the double doors. I noticed my teammates slowing their jog as they made another lap around the court, all eyes watching Coach’s face with anticipation. 
I grimaced. I was about to get reamed. 
“What kind of stupid stunt did you pull on Friday?” He looked down at me from his towering height, eying my blue-and-purple ankle in annoyance and with zero sympathy.
I dropped my gaze uneasily. I was used to him hollering at me on the court. That didn’t bother me because it was part of the game, but in this situation, when it came to my personal life, his tone put me on edge. 
Unsure of how much gossip had circulated back to him, I settled for, “I jumped a fence and fell.” 
“After being chased by cops?” he interjected.
Yikes. So he had heard a few details. “There was a misunderstanding,” I began.
“A misunderstanding? Well, we’re about to clear that up right now. Principal Hayden wants to see you in the athletic department. Let’s go.” He pointed to the assistant coach. “Jenkins, have them hit the drills.”
The athletics department and the principal? Now this was really getting out of hand. It was one thing for students to spread talk amongst themselves, but bringing in the school authorities was another. My stomach turned as I rose to my feet. My eyes flickered to Tara’s, who was watching the scene while chewing on her bottom lip. My sisters’ concerned expressions also touched mine before I looked away. I focused on walking out of the gym, a feeling of dread weighing me down.
Coach Robbins remained a step ahead of me the whole time, not pausing to hold the swinging door open for me as I limped behind. Not that I expected it. He didn’t believe in displaying a softer approach to girls than boys. According to him, training boys and girls should not hold different standards. 
As we entered the office, Principal Hayden sat in a chair next to Mr. Knox, the athletic director. The principal gestured to the two empty chairs across from them.
“Hi, Allie. Have a seat please,” Principal Hayden said. His expression was kind, yet hinting that our conversation was of a more serious nature. “Coach Robbins, join us, of course.”
I took my seat among the three adults, feeling like a young child in big trouble.
Folding his hands into one another and placing them on the desk between us, Principal Hayden began. “So, Allie, it seems we need to have a discussion.”
That much was obvious. 
He continued. “There’s a rumor going around that you were involved in some drinking and an arrest this weekend. Is there any truth to that?”
“No,” I stated, my face flushing with heat from the inquiry. “I wasn’t arrested. An officer just… took me home.” I had a hard time maintaining eye contact. No matter what I said, there would be more questions. I could see it in their scrutinizing gazes. 
“Why did the officer feel the need to take you home?” Mr. Knox asked, one eyebrow raised.
“I was—”
“Were you drunk?” Coach Robbins accused.
“Of course not. I wasn’t even the one drinking.” My fists clenched, realizing I’d slipped up with my word choice.
“So others students with you were drinking. Who were they?”
At my hesitated response, Principal Hayden jumped in, his voice calm and serious. “Allie, this is very important that you tell the truth here. If there were students who were involved with underage drinking—especially if they are part of the athletics’ program—we need to know so this can be handled appropriately. Students need to understand that this sort of behavior is not tolerated.” He rubbed his chin before adding, “Even from star athletes.” His word choice led me to believe he had a hunch of who was with me that night. 
I wanted to rephrase my answer and tell them that no one was drinking—that we’d only been chased by the cops for using a hot tub after hours, but I knew they wouldn’t believe me now. If I told them about the other students involved, every one of them might be suspended. They (and the rest of the student population), would hate me and call me a snitch. Still… they only had my word to rely on. Even if they questioned Mom, who knew Shane was involved, they couldn’t prove anything without me.
“So what can you tell us, Allie?” Mr. Knox prompted, his tone softer and coaxing. “Can you help us out here?”
“I—um…” I stuttered in thought, still undecided. After the last two confrontations with that group of “friends,” I knew I didn’t owe them anything. In fact, this would be an easy way to get back at them. Although, I’d have to decide if I wanted to exclude Shane and Tara from the name-dropping. But no… Aside from not wanting to face the wrath of the other students for ratting someone out, loyalty was something I valued in relationships. When Dad betrayed Mom and left us, I knew I would never be like him—would never turn my back on the relationships in my life. Even though my relationships with Tara and Shane were struggling, I couldn’t bring myself to tell on them. 
With three pairs of eyes watching me, all belonging to school authorities, I slowly shook my head. “I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.”
Principal Hayden’s nose flared, while Mr. Knox let out a breath of frustrated air. Coach Robbins kept his arms folded across his chest, staring at me with disapproval. Though, if he made the assumption that Tara was likely involved, I sensed a bit of relief in his eyes for my silence. He wouldn’t want one of his captains suspended from this Friday’s game against our top rival. 
The disappointed silence felt unbearable. I wasn’t a kid that got in trouble. I’d never been sent to the principal’s office. Quite the opposite—most teachers seemed to like me and consider me a “breath of fresh air” from the usual troublemakers in class. 
Mr. Knox spoke first. “Well, Allie, if you are choosing to withhold information from this incident, then I have no choice but to recommend suspension from this week’s game.”
It was the rival game. I’d be letting down the whole team if I didn’t play. “I don’t understand,” I said. At the same time, Coach Robbins leaned forward in his chair, his voice a touch louder as he directed words at our athletics’ director.
“Now see here, Will. I don’t see how that’s necessary.” His face reddened, and I knew it was a struggle for him to keep his tone level.
“That’s not fair. I wasn’t drinking,” I restated. “What you heard about me today came from a rumor someone spread.”
“A rumor that proved true in some regard,” Principal Hayden commented. He turned to my coach. “I have to agree with Will. We need to set an example that this kind of behavior will not be tolerated.” He cut off my protest, adding, “Whether it be drinking or covering up these inappropriate activities.”
There was no getting out of it. I would be benched from the game and hurting my teammates for something I didn’t do. Now, other students would assume the rumor was true, and that I was being punished for my misdeeds. 
 There was no cure to this virus. 



Whether I caught people talking about me or not, I could feel the words hanging in the air. The news that I’d been benched spread like a wick to dynamite, slithering along until it exploded, chucking rumored debris all throughout the school. As with all rumors, the general idea rooted itself like the trunk of a tree, allowing branches of gossip and untruths to grow in every direction.
“She cheated on Shane…”
“She was arrested for a DUI…”
“The coach is revoking her as Captain…”
Seeking sanctuary, I skipped lunch the next day, heading for Mr. Nordell’s classroom. 
“Hello there, Ms. Collins,” he said after I knocked on the door. “I wondered when you’d be back.”
I slipped off my backpack and seated myself in the available chair next to him, as if it were placed ready and waiting for my arrival. “I was going to come sooner but…” 
“But you got yourself in some trouble over the weekend.”
I flushed, ready to defend myself. 
Mr. Nordell winked at me. “Oh, don’t you worry now. I don’t believe one thing about that.”
I sighed, wrinkling my forehead in frustration. “The rumors never stop. Just when I think I can fly under the radar, someone throws another one out there.”
“Some people like to keep negative attention off them by pointing it at others,” Mr. Nordell offered. 
“It just seems like, ever since Maddie died…” I stopped. I hadn’t intended to talk about her. The recent talk going around school had nothing to do with her. Yet, her name escaped my lips all the same.
He smiled. “Don’t let people distract you from growing the way you need to.”
“I don’t know that I’m growing from Maddie’s death. I feel just the opposite, like I’ve lost a part of who I used to be. I feel stuck.”
“Well, that’s part of your problem right there, if you don’t mind me saying so.” He paused, waiting for my approval to continue. 
“Go ahead,” I said, my curiosity peaked. 
“You’re trying to be the Allie you were before you almost drowned—before your cousin died. Think about a soldier who was maimed in war, or a person who lost a limb because of an accident. They don’t get to have that body part back. They don’t get to be the person they once were—not physically, and certainly not emotionally. It’s not possible.”
I pondered his words for a moment while he continued.
“Like soldiers and accident victims, lives can be altered in a matter of moments. Those that become instant amputees have to prepare for prosthetic limbs, rehab, therapy… It would be foolish to believe that our experiences in life don’t shape us in one way or another.” Mr. Nordell paused again, studying me.  “You’re not originally from Portland, are you?” 
“No, I moved from Danville, California three years ago.”
“California… so you are familiar with Yosemite then?”
I laughed out loud, a rush of memories touching my mind. “It was pretty much my backyard. Yosemite is gorgeous.” Reflecting on the frequent camping trips we used to take as a family, I added, “There’s nothing like it.” 
Mr. Nordell flipped open his laptop. He pulled up pictures of Yosemite Valley, pointing to the carved, granite cliffs, including the infamous Half Dome and El Capitan. “Did you know that before Yosemite became this magnificent valley, that it was just a meadow?”
I nodded my head. “I had to do a report on the formation of Yosemite in fourth grade. I learned all about how it formed from molten rock and glaciers.”
The science teacher in Mr. Nordell seemed to perk up. “Now imagine, if it were possible, that Yosemite had resisted this change—that it hadn’t allowed nature to take its course in molding and shaping that meadow.” He scrolled through more breathtaking photos, pausing on each one. “We would not have this picturesque, remarkable valley that we cherish today. Now let me ask you one more question—how long did this formation take?”
 “Millions of years,” I answered. “It was a very slow process.”
“Yes, very slow indeed…” He enlarged a picture of Half Dome, the granite crest an inspiring sight. Mr. Nordell’s voice softened. “We may admire the end product, but do we respect the processes that lead to its creation?” He closed the laptop. “Allie,” he began.
The use of my first name caught my attention.
“It’s ok to deal with life-changing events at your own pace.”
I furrowed my eyebrows, restraining the tears. “But it feels like I’m holding people back, like I’m constantly making people uncomfortable or unhappy because—you’re right.” My eyes met his with a flash of understanding. “I’m not who I used to be.” More to myself than anyone, I whispered the words again because it felt good, in a way, to say it out loud. “I’m not who I used to be…”
Mr. Nordell patted my hand. “Perhaps there is more truth in that statement than you have realized.” I gave a slight nod when he paused. “You need to get better for you, not for others. If people in your life are not willing to wait for you to heal, perhaps you need to consider the importance of that relationship. Time will tell.”

***

Benched. I couldn’t even remember the last time I sat out in a game for more than a quick breather, let alone for an entire game. It was an odd feeling, at the end of that week, watching our rival game played from a seated position. 
Leading up to the game, the team had been on edge. I could feel it every practice as they prepped for Friday’s home game. Even if the principal and athletics director hadn’t forced Coach Robbins to bench me, my twisted ankle would have prevented me from playing anyway. Regardless of the reason, my absence amplified Coach’s foul mood. I came to each practice to support my team, but I could feel (and hear) Coach’s frustration at having to readjust the lineup and focus on set plays, rather than allow the familiar improvisation between my sisters, the other starters, and me.
During the first half of the game, as I watched my teammates from my seated position, I waited for the moment of envy to arrive. I expected to feel antsy and eager to get back on the court. However, as I watched the points bounce back and forth, evenly climbing the scoreboard, those feelings didn’t come. I observed the game with the interest of a spectator, cheering extra loud for my sisters and feeling proud of the way they could soundlessly read each other’s moves, and I joined the chorus of “boos” from the audience when a member of the rival team executed a cheap shot at one of our players. 
Still, from my spot on the bench, I soon found myself watching the game as if through glass. At times, the game seemed muted in my head. I watched Coach’s aggravated yells when one of my teammates screwed up a play (comical really, like an adult having a tantrum with the way his face flushed red, and how he stomped his large, heavy foot), and I noted the dejected expression on the player’s face when she was benched as penance. The “swoosh” of the basketball through the net seemed hushed and lacking the charged excitement that normally accompanied each score. Granted, I wasn’t the one making the shot. Still, something inside me felt different tonight. The feeling followed me through the conclusion of the game. 
“That was the sweetest win ever!” Tara cheered, sweeping her mess of curls out of her face and tightening her ponytail. 
“Congrats,” I said, offering a high-five. Her hand made contact with mine. Then she leaned in, gripping my shoulder and whispered, “You’re a freakin’ rockstar for not giving up our names to Principal Hayden. Love you for that! I totally owe you one. We all do.” 
I simply nodded, stepping away when Austin found her and scooped her into his arms. The rest of the gym bustled with teammates jumping up and down, recounting unforgettable plays of the night and smiling in satisfaction as our rivals exited the gym in one glum mass. Proud parents swept their daughters into their arms for a hug and a photo—Mom included.
“Girls, you were fantastic out there!” She embraced Leah and Taylor, ignoring their sweat brushing against her skin like she always did. The fatigue on their face from moments ago washed away with pride. “Allie,” Mom said, putting a hand on my arm. “You’ll be out there again soon enough.” Her eyes suddenly roamed the gym with a frown. No doubt she was still peeved at the principal and athletics’ director for enforcing tonight’s game suspension. I could hear her grumbling disbelief again at their unfair and impulsive decision. 
Mom might be hot tempered and unforgiving, but no one could fault her devotion to her daughters—especially when it came to watching our basketball games all these years with Dad so far away. Even as a working, single mom, she rarely missed a game. When I was benched, she intended to turn in Shane and Tara herself, but I begged her not to, explaining that she’d be subjecting me to the status of a social pariah. That was far worse than suspension from one game, even a rival game. 
I rotated my gaze, watching the gym unravel… but for the first time, I wasn’t a part of the buzz—the excitement. Tara’s heated words from that night at the hot tub came back to me. “Where’s that fire and drive you used to have? Did that part of you drown with your cousin?” Her words hit me hard. I swallowed. 
 “I think I’m done.”
“Oh, don’t be silly,” Mom said to me. “The suspension was for one game, I assure you. If they try to push anything else—”
“No, Mom, I mean… I’m done with basketball.”
My words caught Leah and Taylor’s attention, and then Tara’s. She stepped away from Austin. All three teammates zeroed in on me, a chorus of confusion and questioning.
“What are you talking about?”
“Oh, come on, Allie, you’re just mad. You can’t mean that!”
“Don’t do this, Allie.” 
The last sentence came from Tara, her breathing picking up in pace as she anticipated what I was about to do. “I didn’t mean what I said that night at the hot tub. You’ve still got game. We need you!”
“Allie, honey, what’s the matter?” Mom asked, touching my cheek to draw my focus. She seemed to search my eyes for tears and my face for emotions… as if trying to read where all this was coming from.
This time, I knew she wouldn’t find the tears or emotions. Basketball—what I once lived and breathed for—no longer carried weight in my eyes after what I had survived. The burden of grief and guilt over Maddie’s death had slowly but surely eased its way into a dominate part of my heart, sitting heavy and immovable. Basketball seemed a trivial concern in comparison.
I’d felt it the day I tried to quit at the beginning of the season. I’d pretended otherwise, but I still felt it now. Without another word, I pushed my way past my jovial teammates, making my way to the man who hadn’t listened to me before, but who would hear me now.
“Coach Robbins,” I interrupted, cutting him off from debriefing with his assistant.
He paused with a look of slight annoyance, though he acknowledged me. “Collins, what do you need?”
“Nothing at all, Coach. I just wanted to return something.” I stripped my jersey off, leaving my green tank top underneath. Folding it in half, I handed it to him. “I won’t need this anymore.”
His mouth opened, and then his expression altered from surprise to his usual grimace. “Oh, for crying out loud. I don’t have time for this, Collins.” Coach Robbins pointed to the exit. “I’ll see you tomorrow. And your ankle better be fixed by next Friday’s game.” He returned his attention to Jenkins.
He was making this easier than I thought. Why had I put up with him for so long? 
“You don’t seem to be hearing me, so I’ll say it one last time,” I said, aware that a crowd of curious teammates were creating a semi-circle around us. “I. Quit.” My fingers released my jersey and it flopped onto the court, a crumpled pile with no shape or form—merely the shell of an athlete. 
I heard an encore of gasps and protests from my teammates. I saw the silent glare from my coach—but, more than anything, I felt torrential disappointment from them all. 
I could have stayed and presented my case, defending my resign. I could have tried to explain how there was no room in my broken heart for basketball, but as athletes, they wouldn’t be able to understand how superficial and trivial a win or loss seemed to me now. Instead, I let the stunned whispers behind me grow as I walked across the court, one last time, letting the double doors swing shut behind me. 




The rumors from last weekend’s hot tub bust came to an end. Everyone finally stopped spreading the stories and lies. In its place, the truth spread like wildfire. 
“Allie quit.”
For the first time in my life, I gave up the title of being a winner. Instead, I was branded with the taboo label for any athlete—a quitter. 
“I still don’t understand why you did it,” Taylor said a couple of days later, scraping butter onto her toast. Each irritated, harsh spread of her knife left a growing pile of crisp crumbs on her plate. Taylor, like most people, assumed I’d come to my senses by now and “un-quit.” 
“I’m not asking you to understand,” I said, glancing at the clock. “But I would like your support.” I grabbed the car keys. “Hurry, we’re going to be late for school.”
“My support? Allie, you’re killing our dream! It’s supposed to be Leah, you, and me out there on that court! It’s everything we talked about all summer!” She paused, looking at her feet, and then mumbling, “At least before Maddie died.”
My emotions reared. “How could you possibly even care about basketball this much?” My voice faltered, but I pushed through. “You were at her funeral, too! How has your perspective not changed? How is basketball still so important to you?”
Taylor’s voice elevated to match mine. “How can you just give it all up?” she countered. “Maddie admired you for your talent. She wanted to grow up and be just like you—a confident, star athlete. And you’re just throwing it all away. You’re not honoring her by acting like nothing else matters!”
Her words cut deep, making me question my decision for the first time. Was she right? Was it important that I keep playing, even if my heart wasn’t in it? We stared at each other, the impasse growing between us.  
“I found my book! We can go—” Leah stopped short, eying the two of us. Her intuitive nature seemed to sense the heat between Taylor and me the moment she turned the corner into the kitchen. “What’s going on?” she asked, the smile dropping from her expression.
Nobody spoke for a few moments, the tension building between us—an invisible, impenetrable wall. Taylor’s scowl deepened. Her voice lowered. “We miss Maddie, too, Allie. Just because we’re still passionate about basketball, that doesn’t mean we aren’t hurting. That doesn’t mean we don’t care!”
“Taylor, back off—” Leah started. 
“You weren’t there!” My sharp voice sliced through the air. “You weren’t at the river. You didn’t see Maddie fall in—you didn’t see her bobbing around like a helpless doll in the water.” My voice turned raspy. “You weren’t the one that couldn’t… that didn’t…” I shut my eyes, fighting the images flashing through my mind. 
Someone touched my arm. My eyes flew open. Leah’s fingers wrapped around my forearm, her firm, yet gentle grip bringing me back.  Taylor’s scowl softened, though her arms remained crossed against her chest. Finally, the sharp edge of the car keys digging into my palm made me break the silence.
“We’re late. Let’s just go.”

***

My day progressed with a sense of awkwardness about it, but the everyday interactions with my teachers and friends had to go on. Some people, my ex-teammates in particular, avoided me when we saw each other across the hall. Either that, or phone conversations and rummaging through backpacks often became super important the moment our paths crossed. I recognized it since I’d used the same excuse often enough. At the other end of the spectrum, other students made such a blatant effort to talk to me about anything but basketball that I tried not to cringe during the forced conversation. Why did my decision have to be such a big deal? At times, it was like ignoring “the elephant in the room”. Although, my personal life seemed to have become one fat, overgrown elephant since school began, so it wasn’t all that new, really.
Fighting the hesitancy, I sat with my group at lunch. We all tried to talk about anything but sports, even though we’d normally be discussing next week’s tournament. At the ring of the bell, Shane pulled me aside. We really hadn’t spent a lot of time together lately. 
“Hey, are you going to be ok?” he asked.
I shrugged. “Yeah, I guess so. It’d help if everyone else was ok with my decision, instead of treating me like the black sheep of the group.”
“No one’s doing that,” he tried to say, though we both caught Tara’s glare as she passed by. She was still not talking to me. At lunch, she made a point of boisterously talking to Austin, keeping her back turned to me the entire time. “Ok, maybe some are… I think—” He stopped short.
“What?”
“Nothing.” 
 “Whatever it is, just say it. Please.” 
 Shane licked his lips. “I think people are mad and confused about your decision because they don’t know where you’re coming from. If this has something to do with your cousin… maybe you could explain—”
“I don’t have to explain anything,” I said, my defenses rising. We were about to breach uncharted territory, and I wasn’t about to have that part of my personal life roaming around school unsupervised. Talking to Taylor and Leah this morning was about as close as I’d come to broaching the subject. “I don’t want to talk about Maddie. No one will understand.”
“Have you even tried?” Shane’s irritation flashed in his brown eyes, meeting the sharpness of my own. The sudden intensity behind his words made me think he’d been holding back this conversation for quite some time. 
“It’s no one’s business!”
“Well, maybe that’s why you’re standing alone in your decisions, Allie. If you feel like you’re not supported right now, it’s because you haven’t given anyone a chance.” For the first time, Shane’s conversation with me took on truth and meaning. The seriousness of his words took me by surprise. Still, I took a step back, my obstinate nature kicking in.
“What? You really think if I tried to tell you about Maddie’s death and how I’m feeling, that you would be up for that? That you wouldn’t just try and kiss me to make me forget about it?” I was trying to make him mad so that he would walk away, but he still stood there. He ran a hand through his hair while he looked away for a moment, releasing a sigh. He softened his voice as he took my hand. 
“Allie, I’m sorry. Forget I said anything.” Bringing his lips to my cheek, he added, “Just know that I’m here for you—and I love you.”
My hand slipped from his. My feet stepped backwards once more, widening our gap. “Wait, what?” I couldn’t help the incredulous laugh that escaped my mouth. 
Shane put his hands up. “Ok, hold on. Don’t freak out on me… That was poor timing on my part.”
You think?
I cocked my head in confusion, my words faltering. “Shane, we talked about this. You told me from the beginning that we were just having fun. I can handle fun. I don’t want to deal with—“
“Allie,” Shane cut in, “I said ‘I love you.’ It wasn’t a marriage proposal. I just meant I care about you. Why does that scare you so much?”  He was breaking the rules, getting too close. I had enough emotions to sort through without worrying about Shane taking our relationship up a notch. What was the point when we were both graduating and moving on anyway?
 “Shane—” I looked to the floor, shaking my head. “How can you say you love me? We barely know each other.”
“I didn’t mean anything by it—” 
“Then why’d you say it? That’s my point, Shane. People toss it around like it’s no big deal. And really, this whole thing has just been—” I let out a sigh, shaking my head. How could I explain to him that everything about this school year felt like one pressure after another, including our relationship? There were some perks to being with him, but it would be unfair to string him along when my heart wasn’t into it. Besides, if he was already throwing ‘I love you’s’ at me, what else was he going to expect? Was he just building a platform for his intentions on graduation night?  
The second bell rang. We were standing alone in the hall and late to class. 
“Allie, you are reading way too much into this—” 
“Whether I am or not,” I continued, “I just need to simplify my life right now, ok?” I hoped he understood what my words implied.
Shane clenched his jaw, his eyebrows pulling together. “Are you serious? You’re ending this because I said ‘I love you?’” 
“No, it’s not just that. Shane, I’m sorry… there’s just so much going on right now and I’m trying to figure everything out—and I can’t do that if I’m worrying about you and everyone else.” The words sounded so selfish! And yet, I knew this was what I needed to do.
“Ok, look… I get it if you need to take some time to think things through. Christmas break is about to start. Maybe we just need to take a couple weeks off and start fresh—” Shane stopped talking when I shook my head. I didn’t know how else to explain myself without being mean.  
His expression tightened, like he understood I wasn’t backing down on my decision. He put up his hands. “Fine. Whatever, Allie.” Watching him leave, I felt a jolt in my stomach, not entirely sure I was making the right decision. I still cared about him.
“Wait, Shane—can’t we please still be friends?”
 “You can’t have it both ways, Allie. I don’t want to just be your friend.” He retreated down the hall, but paused to turn around and say, “I hope one day you’ll give somebody a chance, and stop shutting people out of your life.”
I watched him leave until he rounded the corner. Then I slumped against the wall, feeling mean and small. 

***

It felt so strange hearing the bell ring at the end of the school day and know I had nowhere to be. Out of years of habit, my feet took me a few steps towards the gym before I stopped myself. I stood for a moment, watching the athletes gather up their gym bag, the artists juggle their oversized portraits and canvases, and the drama crew waltzing their way to the auditorium for play rehearsal. Countless others linked arms with one another, moving with purpose. Everyone had a place to be, it seemed. However, I felt directionless. No basketball, no boyfriend, and I wasn’t even sure about my friends… How had I turned my life upside down so fast? I fumbled for the keys in my purse, stalling with indecision.
“Ms. Collins,” a familiar voice spoke beside me. I turned my head, finding Mr. Nordell at my side. His gentle eyes seemed to understand my stationary position. He glanced in the direction of the gym and then at my keys. “I hear you have some extra time on your hands.”
“You heard about that, huh?” With a weak smile, I said, “You know, for a biology teacher who seems to keep to himself, you always know what’s happening around this school.”
His quiet chuckle highlighted the crow’s feet around his eyes. “Well, staying out of the attention doesn’t mean not being involved or caring.”
His words reminded me of the yearbook Tara’s dad had shown us. I hesitated while he watched me, as if he knew something else was on my mind. “Can—can I ask you something?” 
“Of course.”
“It’s about your life before Cynthia passed away.”
Mr. Nordell nodded, not saying a word for a few moments. “Ok, but how about I buy you a cup of hot chocolate? I wouldn’t mind warming up before braving that chilly weather outside.” Perhaps he could sense that my question would not be a simple “yes or no” answer. 
“Sure, thanks.” We walked to the student-run café, its location close to the gym. 
Seated at a small table with warm Styrofoam cups in our hands, Mr. Nordell prompted our discussion. “So, what is it you’d like to ask me?” 
 “I’ve been thinking about our last conversation when we talked about Yosemite and allowing change to run its course.” My decision to quit basketball and my argument with Taylor this morning still weighed on my mind. I was trying to let that natural change happen by letting go of things that didn’t seem to fit in my life anymore—including Shane, as bad as I felt about that—but what if my choices were wrong? 
“Go on…”
“Well, not all change is good, right? What if life experiences change us in a bad way?”
“Ah,” Mr. Nordell said with a raise of his finger, as if I had said something wise and profound. (That was highly doubtful, but he seemed inspired to share his thoughts, at least). “Your question seems to suggest that you have no control over that change—that life will twist and turn you according to nature’s will alone. As foolish as it would be to say life doesn’t change us, it would be equally foolish to believe that we don’t have at least some say in how that change happens.”
I wondered if he would mind the personal question forming in my mind. I took a risk. “I came across a yearbook from twenty years ago—the year before your wife passed away.” 
Mr. Nordell’s expression shifted slightly, but he waited for me to continue, prompting with a mild, “And?”
“And… you seemed different than you are now. Like you were more outgoing—like you laughed a lot more. The pictures made it seem like you were really social and involved in everything. You were all over the yearbook.” I had looked away shyly when I was offering my description of him. It was just an assumption. Now I returned my gaze to his, waiting for his confirmation.
Mr. Nordell nodded thoughtfully. “Yes, that was a long time ago. You are right, of course. I was quite caught up with all the school events and loved knowing so many students.” He paused, a small smile on his face as though reliving some of the memories. “Times have certainly changed. I changed,” he emphasized. “But being less outgoing doesn’t mean I’ve changed in a bad way. I made a choice.”
“What choice was that?”
“I chose quality over quantity. I decided to focus on individuals rather than the large group as a whole. I used to be friends with all the students and teachers—yes, even with my bowties back then, too,” he joked. I smiled, noting the blue-and-grey bowtie he sported today and thinking that at least this one wasn’t as hideous as some of his others were. I was afraid to picture what they looked like twenty years ago. 
Mr. Nordell continued after taking a sip of his drink. “It’s very hard to get personal with a crowd. Looking back, I have to admit there was a lot of superficial popularity behind it. Even as an adult.”
I nodded my head in thought, though I was content to listen.
“After my wife died, I knew my path had changed. I decided my limited energy was better spent connecting deeper with a few people, rather than trying to befriend the entire school. It’s what still works for me, ever since my sweet Cynthia died. What’s really on your mind, Allie?”
This man seemed to know me well. There was something about him that I respected and admired every time we spoke. Maybe I could trust him—soon. I didn’t want to go into details today, but I settled for, “I don’t feel confident in my decisions. Maybe quitting basketball is giving into my grief, rather than fighting it.”
Mr. Nordell took my hand in both of his with a tender squeeze. “My dear, grief isn’t a battle you fight. You must embrace it! It is a part of you now—it’s Yosemite forming inside you. Give it time. As for basketball, I can’t tell you what’s right or wrong. That is a personal decision. You’ll feel it in your heart what you need to do. Perhaps you already did.”




News spread quickly about my break up with Shane, even though school was not in session. I could only imagine the hopeful, young girls everywhere flocking to virtually comfort him through Facebook and texts. It was a pretty glum start to Christmas break, though I was relieved not to be trapped inside school walls. 
Leah and Taylor approached me, their expressions distraught. 
“Shane hooked up with Crystal Jennings Friday night!” Taylor threw her hands up in the air. “It’s only been two days since Christmas break started. Can you believe it?”
I continued slicing my pear on the cutting board. “Do I know who that is?” I asked, trying to keep my expression indifferent.
“Oh, come on,” Leah said, “You know exactly who she is. Jet-black hair… eye makeup like a raccoon? Hooks up with a new guy every other weekend?”
I offered my bowl of pears to my sisters and bit into a sliver. “Ok, yeah, I know who you’re talking about,” I said with fruit in my mouth. 
“Why aren’t you upset?” Taylor asked, her eyes wide. “What’s it been—a few days since you broke up?”
I shrugged. “We broke up. It’s his right to kiss whoever he wants.” Truthfully, the thought of Shane kissing Crystal, of all people, did irritate me more than I thought it should. I wasn’t looking forward to seeing the smug satisfaction on her face when school started up again. 
Leah’s disgust presented itself with a scowl. “And to think we liked him…”
“You had crushes on him,” I corrected. “You didn’t know anything about him. To be honest, I’m not surprised. It’s the party boy in Shane. The guy runs on thrills and impulse. Anyway, I’m not angry about it.” 
Taylor tilted her head and eyed me with scrutiny. Leah put her hands on her hips.
“Ok, fine,” I admitted, tossing the empty bowl into the sink. “It bothers me a little. I just didn’t want to say anything because it’s not like I was a good girlfriend to him anyway. I was sort of one foot in, one foot out the whole time.” I knew it shouldn’t bother me, but I couldn’t help but feel a little bit jealous… and grossed out that his rebound was with Crystal. 
“Well, you can do better, anyway,” Leah said, and then she sighed. “He’s just really, really, good looking!”
I laughed, while Taylor grumbled, “That’s the problem with all the hot guys. They all know they’re hot, so relationships are no big deal to them because they can get somebody else just like that!” She snapped her fingers for emphasis. “You’ll meet someone better, Allie.”
Despite the hurtful circumstances, it felt good to be standing there in the kitchen with my sisters griping beside me. We were united once again, even if it would no longer be on a high school basketball court. It would still take some time to adjust, but I knew siding with me against Shane was their way of trying to show support.
“I’m not that worried about it,” I said. “Boys are more trouble than they’re worth.”

***

On the last weekend of Christmas break, Leah, Taylor, and I stepped off the airplane, each slinging a duffle bag over our shoulder. 
Leah inhaled. “Ahh, I love the smell of California!”
Taylor scoffed. “Leah, we’re in the airport, which smells just as musky as any other!” 
Leah didn’t bother looking at our sister and maintained the smile on her face. “It’s all about your attitude, Tay.”
I wished I could feel as carefree as Leah right now. We didn’t visit Danville more than a handful of times during the year. Our longest visit to our childhood hometown usually occurred over the summer, and even then, we spent a good portion of that time in our family cabin. 
The thought of Hidden Pines put a damper on my already apprehensive mood. I muffled a sigh as we stepped out of the airport and felt the cool Oakland breeze touch our face. With Danville a small town of about fifty thousand, Oakland was the closest big city with an airport. 
“Yes, we’re here!” Leah said into the phone. “Yep, we’re about to cross the street, so we’ll look for you.” 
The familiar suburban pulled up alongside the curb designated for passenger pick-ups. Dad stepped out of the car, opening his arms to Leah and Taylor, who dropped their bags to run to him. I shifted my stance, my duffle bag still slung over my shoulder. A wave of guilt accompanied my reluctance to race for a hug. 
I wished I felt as natural around him as my sisters did. They held no grudges against his past mistakes, even though his actions had cost us our family. Maybe it was because I was the oldest (even though I wasn’t yet thirteen at the time) that caused me to hold onto my resentment and the memories of my broken-hearted mother. My sisters didn’t seem to recall those details, or chose to move past them. Why couldn’t I? Perhaps my inability to forgive my father had something to do with my inability to forgive myself.
I faced Dad, one hand on the strap of my duffle bag. The smile he gave me didn’t match the questions in his eyes. 
“Allison,” he said, stepping towards me. 
“Hi, Dad.” Since I was still carrying my bag, we opted for a cordial side-hug. I gave a small smile, my lips pressed together. I could see Dad wanted to ask his questions—the same ones he’d been asking my sisters when I often became unavailable for his phone calls throughout this school year. These inquiries had little to do with our relationship and more to do with what happened at Hidden Pines last summer, and how I was handling it. 
“Thank you for coming,” Dad said. I nodded, adding a few polite phrases in response, and then followed my sisters into the suburban. 
Leah and Taylor dominated the conversation in the car, filling Dad in on the latest highlights. They didn’t mention Shane, or how I quit basketball, and Dad didn’t ask—so I knew he’d already heard about both. 
We stepped into Dad’s new house, and I tried to bury my disappointment. This was the first time we weren’t visiting our old home—the one I’d spent thirteen years of my life living in. I hated the thought of renters taking over our Danville home, pushing out our memories and making their own. But I couldn’t blame Clara, Dad’s new wife, for not wanting to live there.
A slender, petite woman stood behind the kitchen counter with her natural blond hair pinned back from her face with a clip.
“Hi, girls!” she greeted, removing the frilly apron from her waist. She hurried over, draping it on the couch as she passed by. Before I could decide the best way to greet her, she wrapped her arms around me for a quick, but tight hug.
“Allie,” she said, her smile adding to her soft features. “It’s good to see you again.” Surprised at the confidence behind her gesture, I could only smile politely.
“As for you girls,” she continued, directing her attention to Leah and Taylor. “Thank you for simplifying the guessing game by cutting your hair differently!” They both laughed, completely used to the attention they received as twins. “Leah,” Clara said, “this bob is so cute on you. I can’t believe how much length you chopped off since I last saw you.” She hugged both of my sisters and then accepted a kiss on the cheek from Dad. 
Happiness touched his eyes, making them brighter than I’d seen them in a few years. While I wasn’t thrilled last summer about accepting the complications of a stepfamily, I couldn’t begrudge his newfound joy in marrying Clara. Now, as far as I was concerned, I had no interest in developing a motherly relationship with her—I had my own mother for that and simply considered Clara my father’s new wife, rather than my stepmom. But Clara was nice enough, so I would at least be polite. 
“Now that you’re here, I wanted to tell you about your surprise.” Dad pulled out his wallet and removed what appeared to be a handful of tickets. 
“Movie tickets?” Leah asked.
“Concert tickets,” Dad corrected. He handed one to each of us.
At a glance, Leah and Taylor started jumping up and down. “Forever Delinquent? Are you kidding me?” Leah squealed and then did an interesting dance of excitement with Taylor. 
“What do you think, kiddo?” Dad asked me. 
While I didn’t love being called kiddo at seventeen, and I wasn’t a fangirl like Leah and Taylor, I had to admit that tickets to this alternative rock band were pretty cool. Maybe this trip wouldn’t be so bad after all. 
“Well, I’ll give you time to get settled,” Dad said. “Nick and Aaron should be here just after dinner.”
“Who’s Aaron?” Taylor asked. 
I didn’t care about some kid named Aaron. I was more concerned with seeing my stepbrother, Nick Cross, again. 
“Oh, that’s Nick’s best friend. Nick agreed to take you to the concert if Aaron could come, so I bought him a ticket, as well.”
“Nick’s taking us?” I wasn’t sure I liked the sound of that.
“Well, it was either Nick takes you or your old dad here was going to chaperone. Which do you prefer?”
“Nick can take us,” Leah and Taylor said in unison.
Leah laughed. “No offense, Dad, but it’s not really your scene anyway!”
Dad nodded. “That’s what I thought. Besides, it’ll be fun for all of you to go out together. They’ll be here for dinner, so I’ll let you rest before your big night.” Despite my differences with Dad, I couldn’t fault him for always trying to please each of us. 
When the front door opened around early evening, a blond-headed older teen entered first. The tips of his hair were bleached and gelled together, sticking up with an air of confidence.  I squinted at him, assuming this was the Aaron Dad had mentioned. Wearing trendy jeans and a long-sleeved red and navy athletic polo, he led the way with a boyish grin on his face. Nick followed close behind, his hands in the pockets of his jeans.  
Catching sight of Leah, Taylor, and me, Aaron’s smile brightened. “Hey, how’s it goin’?”  Sticking out his hand, he shook mine with a strong grip. He moved along with his greetings, shaking each of our hands in turn. As he moved down the line, I watched him curiously. There wasn’t an ounce of shyness in his demeanor.  Within moments of meeting my sisters, conversation flowed naturally, especially at the mention of basketball. Apparently, he could play or at least shared Leah and Taylor’s enthusiasm. I shifted a few steps away, avoiding their discussion. 
My observations moved to Nick who, in contrast, was slouching in his black T-shirt. After Aaron’s bold, friendly entrance, Nick’s presence seemed to blend into the background. His energy level seemed only half of Aaron’s at best. Nick caught my eye and, after an awkward moment of silence, lifted his chin at me with a quick nod. “What’s up?” he asked, leaning his back against the wall. 
I forced a tight smile. We had only met Nick once, but he was not the friendliest kid I’d ever met… Still, given the timing of Dad and Clara’s wedding (less than a month after Maddie’s drowning), I hadn’t been an enthusiastic new stepsister either. I decided to try better this time. 
“Hey. Guess it’s been a while…” 
Nick broke eye contact with me, his vision roaming elsewhere. I stopped talking. 
Maybe not long enough, I thought. He didn’t seem mad or annoyed. Just indifferent.  Maybe that was one way we were both alike—not eager for superficial chitchat. I could deal with that.
With a shrug, my attention diverted back to Aaron. He’d made his way to the kitchen by now and was giving a high five to Clara, making a big deal about smelling her roast in the oven. I glanced back and forth between Aaron and Nick, who had wandered over to the fridge.
 Did Dad say they were best friends? I couldn’t have matched a more opposite duo.




Against my will, Leah and Taylor dragged me closer to the stage. It took some effort, weaving and bumping into bodies during the process. That was how I found myself surrounded by the deep throb of the bass, masking my ignored cries of protest. I had no idea where Nick and Aaron had disappeared. During our forty-five minute drive back into Oakland, Nick made it clear he had little interest in “babysitting” us. I had frowned at the insult, but couldn’t agree more. The concert, held inside a popular arena, had been in full swing for an hour. The lead singer hollered into the microphone as the band broke into a new song.
 “How’s everybody doing?” 
The crowd roared and cheered, appearing as black-and-white photographic blurs with each burst of the strobe lights. The band kicked it up a notch, playing their number one hit and causing frenzy. All around me, an eager swarm of bodies knocked into each other, jumping up and down and dancing to the upbeat tempo. I threw my arms up to my face, shielding myself from elbows and sweaty bodies jostling into me. Strong arms grabbed me from behind, wrapping around my waist and pulling me close to the rhythm of his body. 
“Get—off me!” I demanded in disgust, struggling to twist away. He held me tighter, his body meshed up against mine. I threw an elbow into his side. He grunted, but this only seemed to fuel him. He laughed in my ear, pulling my body tighter against him.
“You heard her. Move it!” Whoever was behind me was yanked away from my back. I stumbled forward. A hand gripped my arm, steadying me. I looked up to see Aaron standing at my side. His height hovered over the crowd.
“You ok?” he had to yell, still holding my arm. 
I nodded. My eyes searched the crowd for my sisters, who seemed to have drifted with the current of bouncing fans. The concert became like an ocean, the waves of people moving up and down, blocking my view and threatening to pull me under. On my tiptoes, I found Leah pinned between two much older guys. She, too, struggled to free herself. We had evidently underestimated the vigor of this concert. 
“Can you help her?” I had to yell to Aaron. He paved the way without hesitation. In less than a minute, he reached Leah’s side. I couldn’t hear their words, but the brief altercation escalated to one guy shoving Aaron. Aaron shoved him back, knocking the guy to the ground. The second guy with thick biceps swung at Aaron’s head. Aaron ducked, landing an uppercut to the guy’s jaw. His head snapped back as he grunted. 
The crowd cheered and taunted, circling around and making them the center of attention. Leah tugged at Aaron’s arm, trying to pull him away from the fight.  The first guy rose to his feet, fists raised. He stared hard at Aaron. The other guy who had taken the hit massaged his jaw. He stepped closer. Aaron shielded Leah with his body, pushing her back into the crowd with one arm, while he kept his eyes on his opponents. 
Two burly men in black T-shirts intervened.  One grabbed Aaron by the collar of his polo and shoved him forwards. The other security guard directed the two guys who started the trouble, herding them forcefully towards the exit.
I had made my way to Aaron by now and heard him grumble, “Oh, come on…” I cringed, instantly feeling bad that Aaron was being kicked out for defending us. 
As the band’s hit number came to an end, the lead singer signaled to his band before speaking into the microphone. “How about a little love for you romantics out there?” Some of the crowd booed as the strobe lights came to a halt and the band transitioned to one of their slow, less popular love songs. However, the boos quickly blended with squealing from enthused females. The lead’s warm, low voice emerged from the speakers, singing a calm melody with the keyboard. In spite of the momentary distress, the crowd submitted to the change in mood. Couples found each other, swaying together to the music. 
Leah and Taylor stood at my side. “What do we do?” Leah asked, both she and Taylor watching the last of Aaron’s form before he was nudged out the door. They also glanced back with longing at the stage. I looked around for Nick but didn’t see him.
“Just stay together,” I told my sisters, “and enjoy the concert. You guys deserve it. I’ll be back.” I pressed through the gentler crowd, making my exit. 
Stepping outside, I looked around the vast parking lot surrounding the arena, but I didn’t see him. I held my cell phone uselessly in my hands, realizing I didn’t have his number. Or Nick’s, for that matter—and I didn’t want to call Dad and alarm him. I thought maybe Aaron had walked to the car but then remembered Nick had the keys… but maybe Aaron knew we would look for him there. Starting my brisk walk, I passed the endless rows of cars. I rubbed my arms against the cold, wishing I hadn’t left my jacket in the car. Despite Northern California’s winter feeling significantly warmer than December in Portland, the jacket would have been nice.  My pace quickened. 
“I see how it is,” Aaron’s voice interrupted the quiet night. 
I jumped, turning around and punching his arm instinctively. He had been walking behind me, and I hadn’t even known it. “You scared me!”  Aaron glanced down at his bicep, almost laughing at my attempt to hurt him. He folded his arms with his chest puffed out. 
“First, I heroically save your life,” he said, “and then you send me into a brawl. Now I catch you sneaking away from it all.” His face reflected disapproval. “Are you trying to get back at me for something?” 
I, too, crossed my arms, mimicking his stance. “First of all,” I emphasized, “I wouldn’t exactly classify your help as ‘saving my life’. Calling it ‘heroic’ might even be a stretch. Secondly, that brawl was nothing short of a cat-fight.”
Aaron threw up his hands in exasperation, shaking his head with a laugh. “You gotta be kidding me!”
I let out a laugh of my own, so he knew I was joking. “Sorry about that. I appreciate your help with both my sister and me. How’s your hand?” I asked, catching sight of his red knuckles.
He flexed his fingers with a shrug. “It’s fine. I didn’t hit him that hard.”
Catching a spark of excitement in his eyes, I accused, “You loved it.” Aaron grinned, his face lighting up.
“Yeah, maybe I did. Harmless fun!” 
Glancing back at the concert in the distance, I commented, “I’m not so sure the guy you hit found it so harmless, but yeah, it could have been worse.” I shivered against the cold.
Aaron seemed to noticed. “Well, you have a choice to make. Option one: you can ditch me and go back into the concert—”
I made a face and shook my head. “I was getting tired of the crowd anyway.”
Aaron nodded. “Which leads to option two: do you want to grab something to eat?” He pointed to the fast food chains down the street.
“Sure, I could eat—”
“Or,” Aaron interrupted. “A third option: I could teach you self-defense.”
I raised an eyebrow. “What?”
“Self-defense. Considering how long it took you to notice I was following you, you’re going to need it when you inevitably get mugged.”
I let out a sound of derision. “Oh, please.” 
Aaron shrugged. “I have four little sisters. I wouldn’t want any of them walking alone at night without knowing how to protect themselves.”
He waited, as if giving me time to consider his offer. I let out a humored sound. “How about we just start with food and see what happens.”
 Ten minutes later, we both had burgers in our hands. Taking a bite, I waited for Aaron to finish texting Nick. After reading a follow up from Nick, he made a face. 
“What?” I asked, wiping my face with a napkin.
“Oh, Nick’s just pissed because he’s ‘stuck at the concert babysitting’. He found your sisters, so I told him to stay close. He’ll get over it.”
“He gets to listen to Forever Delinquent. I’d hardly consider that babysitting.”
Aaron lifted his shoulders in dismissal and took a huge bite of his burger. “So, not to get too personal, but what’s the deal with your parents? Nick doesn’t say much when I ask him about it.”
I put my burger down as my mind flipped through fragmented, unpleasant memories. Getting personal was not usually on my agenda, but I guess I owed Aaron a decent conversation since it was kind of my fault he was kicked out. Still, I must have been scowling because Aaron offered to take back the question.
“It’s ok,” I said. “Long story short, Dad had an affair a few years ago with some woman from work.”
“Oh, man. That had to suck.”
I grimaced in agreement.
“Your dad’s a writer or something… did I get that right?”
 “He’s an editor, but he’s also a writer on the side.”
Aaron remained quiet, like he was waiting for me to continue speaking. I picked at my burger, drawn into the memories. “Sometimes Dad would lock himself in his den for hours, even on the weekends, with the excuse that he had a writing epiphany. Mom would get so fed up, especially when she’d just cooked dinner and wanted all of us at the table. Then one summer—just before I turned thirteen—Dad started working later hours at his office with the excuse that he was slammed with deadlines.” I paused, playing with the napkin that I’d ripped to pieces as I spoke. “Turns out, he was hooking up with a co-worker.”
“Man, I can’t even imagine,” Aaron commented. “My parents hardly ever fight.”
I raised an eyebrow. He had to be joking.
“No, I’m being honest,” he said. “Or if they used to, it wasn’t in front of us.” 
 “How lucky for you…”
“I’m not bragging about it—”
“Mmm… you’re kind of rubbing it in.”
“No, I’m not,” he continued. “I just can’t relate that’s all.” 
That’s nothing new, I thought. But like with Shane and everyone else, it wasn’t his fault. Our experiences were just different. And he was lucky that he couldn’t relate.
“Anyway,” I continued, wanting to move past the pity-card, “Dad’s conscience got the better of him, and he told Mom about the affair at the end of the summer. After their big blow-up, he chose to leave. He rented an apartment or something. Then a couple months later, Dad started hanging around again, like he was trying to make it work with Mom.” I paused, still able to hear Mom screaming at him on far too many nights to number. “But it was too late. Mom wanted nothing to do with him—said it was the ‘catalyst to the inevitable’. That next summer, just before my freshman year, we moved to Portland.”
“Why all the way to Portland?” Aaron asked.
“Mom has some relatives who help out from time to time.”
“You must have been furious with your dad,” Aaron guessed.
“Yeah, you could say that.” I glanced at my phone in thought. My sisters and I hardly saw him that first year after my parents separated. Due to joint custody, Dad was entitled to more visits but he didn’t want to force us. He hoped we’d visit more than we did. Leah and Taylor made a couple weekend trips without me, but I couldn’t get past the hurt of his decision to cheat on Mom and then leave us like that. 
Aaron seemed about to speak, so I stood up and gathered our trash, putting a not-so-subtle end to the conversation. It was a topic I avoided thinking about, let alone talking about. Fortunately, I didn’t have to worry about our discussion moving forward. By the time I turned around, two girls had stopped to chat with Aaron, one of them sticking her butt out as she leaned on the table. Aaron spoke to them with ease, his naturally outgoing personality carrying the conversation. I could almost hear the flirtatious conversation resonating from his white smile. 
The scenario reminded me of Shane and I couldn’t help feeling sad about it, even though I knew our break up was the right thing. I shrugged inside, relieved for the interruption. Returning to the table, I interrupted the girl’s playful words. 
“Hey, the concert’s about over. I’m gonna head back and find my sisters. Why don’t you text Nick and meet us back at the car.”
Aaron stood up. “Nah, I’m coming with you. We never did get around to the self-defense part.”
“And… we’re not going to. It’s ok, really,” I said, stepping towards the door. “Relax, I’m not going to get mugged. The arena is right there.” I jerked my thumb, pointing behind me. It really wasn’t a long walk. Aaron looked like he was about to protest. “I could use the alone time,” I clarified. It wasn’t in my nature to speak so openly, and I needed a break. Besides, he had company. 
Aaron furrowed his eyebrows but conceded. “Ok, I’ll see you soon.” I felt his eyes follow me out the door. I used the walk to breathe in the fresh air, allowing the cool winter to chase away any negative childhood feelings resurfacing from my conversation. I was almost an adult now. It shouldn’t still bother me… I decided I wouldn’t let it bother me. 



I emerged from my bedroom in a comfortable, loose T-shirt and fleece pajama pants. With a yawn, I waved at Dad, seated at the table with his laptop. Clara said hello from the kitchen, scrambling eggs over the stove.
“What magic pill do you take every night that gets you up and moving so early in the morning?” I asked, dropping my body with a huff onto the sectional couch. My early morning appearance had nothing to do with being motivated as an early riser. My body simply performed its usual torture of pestering me with unsettled dreams. They weren’t even about Maddie most of the time, and not as vivid as the ones where I awoke screaming. My mind simply felt restless, filtering anxiety-ridden scenarios into dreams that didn’t make any sense. On top of our late return from the concert, I felt beat.
 I glanced at Dad.  “Are you working?” I didn’t know why I asked. 
Dad laughed and scratched his brown head of hair, which was sticking up in random places in the back. “Yeah, that’s the goal. I rose early this morning with what I thought was an epiphany, but turns out, it was nothing more than ongoing writer’s block.” He sighed.
 Some things never changed. 
Leah and Taylor emerged from their room down the hall only thirty minutes before Nick and Aaron. Like normal teenagers, all of them slept in. From my sleep-deprived position on the couch, I watched Nick and Aaron guzzle the last of the juice, eggs, and cinnamon rolls. They were like garbage disposals, inhaling all the leftovers. Clara beamed, and I couldn’t help but be impressed by her cooking. Personally, I had inherited Mom’s lack of culinary talent. 
Aaron plopped down beside me on the couch, his movement knocking the book from my hand. “You came all the way up here to read, huh?” he asked, picking up my book and flipping clumsily through it.
I snatched it back, smoothing the bent pages. “At least I don’t snore through closed doors.” 
Aaron threw his arms around the back of the couch, releasing an exaggerated sigh of contentment. “Well, nothing I can do about that. Gotta catch up on sleep when I can. Not a whole lot of that happening at UC Davis, if you know what I mean.” He offered a sly grin.
“Gross…” I mumbled. I thought about Shane again, knowing this would be his life next fall—the hotshot college kid who drank too much, slept too little, and filled his time with a slew of other misdeeds I didn’t want to know about.  Not that Aaron fit this bill, exactly. I didn’t know him enough to know for sure. It just made me wonder where I would fit in when it was my turn for college, assuming I made it through these final months of high school. I edged away from where Aaron’s long arms were almost behind my head. We were the only two on the couch, so it was a little ridiculous that he was sitting that close to me. 
“Yo, Jackson!” Nick entered the living room, tossing a basketball to Aaron. “How ‘bout some ball?” Aaron caught it, palming the basketball in his hand. He jumped to his feet. 
“You know I never say no to a game.” He bounced the ball once. “But are you sure you want to start your day off with a loss like that?” 
“Whatever, man.” Nick knocked the ball from Aaron’s hand. “Get your shoes on.”
Aaron held the ball towards me. “Wanna play?” 
Before I could respond, Nick interrupted. “I was just thinking a quick game of one-on-one, actually.” He looked over at me and shrugged. “Sorry.”  He bent down to re-tie his shoelace. 
Aaron squeezed the ball between his hands. “Well, maybe another time then. Your dad said you and your sisters were pretty good.”
“For girls’ basketball,” Nick added. He wasn’t even man enough to look me in the eyes with his insult. Instead, he fiddled with the lid to his water bottle. He was lucky my brain was too tired to retaliate at a normal speed. 
 “Nick, that’s enough,” Clara said from behind the island in the kitchen. She put down the plate of eggs with an abrupt clatter and folded her arms, giving him a look that only mothers can master. The look suggested they’d covered this topic before. 
Flicking my eyes back to my book, I mumbled, “It’s fine. Wouldn’t have wanted to play anyway.” It was the first time I’d heard Clara raise her voice. She usually seemed so even-tempered. I knew her disapproval wouldn’t change Nick’s behavior though. For some reason, his actions were starting to escalate beyond our mutual indifference and I didn’t know why. 
Only one weekend, I told myself. I could make it through one weekend with Nick.

***

I did, in fact, survive Nick’s presence. When Sunday morning arrived, Nick and Aaron packed up to return to the dorms, so I didn’t need to put up with him for long. He didn’t even pretend to say goodbye. Instead, he slipped out the front door and made his way to the Infinity Dad bought him as a college gift. I couldn’t help thinking what nice timing it was for Nick to marry into Dad’s generosity.  
“Maybe I’ll see you around some time,” Aaron said to me. He pulled a hat over his head as he stood inside the frame of the front door. 
“Yeah, maybe,” I said, though I highly doubted that would happen any time soon. The next time I visited Danville, I would ensure Nick was in the middle of finals or something to prevent any overlap. 
“Well, if you ever need a babysitter for future concerts, you know who to call…”
I shoved his shoulder, pushing him out the door. “And this is where we say goodbye. Wouldn’t want to keep you from your sophisticated college life.” I tried to close the door on Aaron, but he caught the edge with his hand.
“Oh, come on, I’m only joking!”
I gave half a smile. “And I’m sure your sense of humor is a real hit with your late-night girlfriends. Good luck with that, by the way.” 
Aaron lifted his chin with a wide grin. “Luck is for amateurs. I can handle the ladies just fine without it.” He chuckled as he sauntered down the porch steps. I shook my head, both repulsed and amused at the same time. “Take it easy, Allie,” he called over his shoulder.
 I watched him chat with Dad and Clara at the end of the driveway before I shrugged my shoulders and shut the door. 
The part of the weekend that did seem unbearable was the visit from Uncle Bill and Aunt Heidi around noon. I’d anticipated seeing them at some point. They only lived ten minutes away from Dad, and it would have been weird not to see them. But I’d secretly hoped that I’d take on food poisoning or develop a sudden illness that would prevent me from coming out of my room. No such luck.
From inside my bedroom, I heard the doorbell ring. My stomach knotted. I closed my eyes, wondering if I could feign a deep sleep. From outside the door, I heard their lively conversation. Everyone sounded happy, and I knew I shouldn’t worry about seeing my aunt and uncle. Until we moved from Danville, they were a constant presence in our lives. 
So was Maddie.  
I knew that was the real reason I hesitated to see them—only them. Knowing my little cousin wouldn’t come bounding from behind her parents and beating them for a hug caused a heavy pressure in my chest. On top of that, I couldn’t help but remember the only hurtful words ever uttered by my aunt at the hospital. I knew she’d said them in a moment of agony. She had apologized later. But I couldn’t completely erase the cutting words from my mind—because I believed them. I would always believe them. 
Breathing deeply, I stepped out of the bedroom. Conversations came to a quiet halt as I appeared at the end of the hallway. Having opted out of the fall break visit with my dad, this was my first time seeing Uncle Bill and Aunt Heidi again since last summer. All eyes fell on me, and I felt heat rising from my neck and spreading through my cheeks. I swallowed, wishing I could dowse myself in water or disappear into the floor—anything to escape being the center of attention. 
Leah, always the most sensitive to my emotions, quickly returned to her story, pulling Dad back into her conversation. Taylor jumped in, too. Light chatter began again as I made my way towards the couches.
My aunt and uncle stood and hurried towards me. Aunt Heidi reached me first, pulling me tightly against her. “I’m so glad you came this time,” she murmured in my ear. She kept her hands on my shoulders when she stepped back, matching my gaze. She spoke each word with emphasis. “It’s good to see you, Allie.” With those few words and the embrace between us, I could feel how much she wanted me to believe her—to know that she didn’t blame me for Maddie’s drowning, even now.
My lip trembled, threatening to spill over into an ugly bucket-lip cry, but I turned it into a tight smile. “It’s good to see you, too.” I knew she saw the tears in my eyes. I knew she sensed my fight for control. She squeezed my hands and then passed me into Uncle Bill’s embrace.
“How you doing, kid?” He kissed the top of my head. 
After that, the worst of the weekend was over. In some ways, dreading it had been worse than the experience itself. We talked and laughed over lunch, with ESPN droning in the background for Uncle Bill. My heart lightened, and I enjoyed the next couple of hours before returning to Portland.  



 With the start of a new semester, I stopped hanging out with my previous group of friends to avoid the awkwardness—as well as to steer clear of Crystal Jennings, who seemed to be hanging on Shane all the time now, wrapping her limbs around his torso whenever I walked passed. Apparently, their one-night-stand had evolved beyond that over Christmas break. I tried my best to ignore her.
Shane was just as bad. He smirked at me every time I walked past, or simply didn’t smile at all, his unwavering efforts to make eye contact unnerving. I wished we could have still been friends, but that didn’t seem to be in the cards. 
As for Tara, we remained cordial enough, but our interactions were almost too polite, too shallow. Our conversations never surpassed a few sentences, both of our body language suggesting we had other places we’d rather be. I hardly saw her anymore though, since she continued to spend most of her time with Austin and basketball. With too many uncomfortable exchanges to avoid, the library became a frequent sanctuary for me once again. 
As January pressed onwards, my extended time in the spotlight began to dim. My peers’ conversations moved on to more enticing “breaking news,” until my life was all but forgotten headlines. My heart felt relieved and yet at the same time, wistfully left wanting. In my fight to maintain my old identity, I seemed to have lost it all in one swoop. However, there was a sense of freedom in the manner that I’d given up basketball, a boyfriend, and friends who no longer fit the same way in my life. The choices were mine. 
I started training again—but not for basketball and not for my teammates or sisters. Every day when I ran along the trails, bundled against the cold, I trained for me. However, the efforts to strengthen myself were less about building my muscles and lung capacity, and more about fortifying my sense of self. Dead leaves crunched beneath my shoes, sweeping behind me while I pounded the dirt. Rhythmically, I breathed in and out, absorbing nature’s goodness and exhaling my stress, my confusion. I wished I had more to give back but, for now, I worked on my emotional cleanse. Out with the bad, in with the good… 
As I ran, I felt myself letting go of some of my hurt and pain—just a little at a time. I wasn’t sure I could talk about Maddie to anyone yet, even Mr. Nordell. There was still a well of guilt that I had to draw out of the abyss inside me—guilt that I didn’t want to toil with, for fear that I may never step out of its grasp. Perhaps with time, during one of my frequent visits to chat with Mr. Nordell, I’d tell him why Maddie’s death loomed over me—and the role I’d played and could never undo.

***

My phone rang. I stared at the name on the screen in confusion before I put the phone to my ear.
“Allie, please come get me…” Tara moaned through her end of the phone.
“Tara? What’s going on?” I couldn’t remember the last time she’d called me, let alone at nine PM on a Friday ni—
Oh. All questions in my mind came to a halt as I remembered the exclusive party I’d heard rumors about. I didn’t know the details, since I was no longer part of the crowd invited to such events… If Tara sounded this bad already, I didn’t know if I should be mad at her bad drinking decisions or more worried about her.
“Tara, how much did you drink?” I placed my book on the nightstand and hopped off the bed. 
She moaned again before answering. “I didn’t… well, I’m not drunk.”
I rolled my eyes, glancing out my window at the snow-frosted ground. “If I’m leaving my nice, warm bed to go pick you up, the least you can do is be honest with me.” Putting the phone on speaker, I pulled on a pair of tennis shoes, not caring that I was wearing sweatpants and a fitted T-shirt to complete my lazy ensemble. 
“No, seriously, I promise,” Tara mumbled. “I was feeling sick all day, but I didn’t want to miss the party. Just the flu or something… Thought it’d go away…”
“Where’s Austin?”
“He’s downstairs.” I heard Tara pause to take a couple of deep breaths.  “Said he’d take me home but… I don’t… want to bother hi—” The sound of the phone clattering resonated into the phone, followed by retching noises. My own gag reflex struggled not to react.
“Tara? You ok?” I waited thirty seconds. After the toilet flushed, I heard her weary voice again.
“I’m here. I’m in the bathroom upstairs. Ugh….” 
I zipped on a hooded, fleece jacket. “I’ll be there soon. Just… keep your phone nearby in case you need help.”
“You’re the best, Allie,” Tara murmured. Flu aside, she must have been a little buzzed to be calling me. And I hardly expected those words to come out of her mouth anytime soon, considering the grudge she’d been holding against me. Still, we’d been friends since freshman orientation when she befriended me as a new kid. Our differences aside, I couldn’t refuse to help her. I wouldn’t do that.
An alumnus from our high school named Darren Hills was hosting the party. He was one of our Pelican baseball stars who was drafted to play with a local minor league here in Portland a couple years ago. One of Austin’s older brothers, Conner, was his best friend, which was why Austin (and the rest of the group) was invited to the party tonight. 
Through the front door, I heard music blaring from inside the house. Not eager to face a rowdy crowd of college students, I hesitated just a moment longer.  The front door swung open. 
  “Allie!  See, I told you I give perfect directions,” Shane said, his voice carrying over the music. Not wanting to keep Tara on the phone, I had called Shane, and his instructions were surprisingly clear given his current condition. Shane pulled me inside the house and proceeded to embrace me with a big bear hug before swinging me around in a circle. My legs almost hit the couple loitering near the entrance. 
“Ok, ok…” I said, prying his arms off me. “Put me down… yeah, thanks.” I raised my eyebrows, surprised and unsure about this interaction. It was the first time he’d been friendly to me since I’d ended our relationship. Shane grinned too big, his eyes glossy and his cheeks flushed. 
Leave it to alcohol to finally smooth over our break up… 
“Glad you made it!” he said, throwing an arm around my shoulder. He eyed my attire. “And you dressed up for the occasion. Nice… ”
I couldn’t help but laugh, slightly humored. “Shane, I’m not here for the party. I’m here to pick up Tara, remember?” l scanned the room, recognizing a couple of alumni from two or three years ago, but most were strangers in their early twenties. Based on the liquor line up on the table, I was surprised Shane was coherent at all. I knew he wouldn’t be before the night was over. 
Shane took me upstairs, where I found Tara huddled in a corner with a hand to her head. Austin sat beside her with his eyes closed and his own head resting against the wall. With a drink in his hand, Austin didn’t look much better than Tara did. I frowned in disgust. He couldn’t have taken her home even if he had the decency to do so.
Tara opened her eyes, the olive-green hue standing out against her pale skin. I touched her heated forehead.
“Thanks for coming,” she said. 
“No problem. Can you stand up?” I put out my arms and helped Tara to her feet. 
“Wait. Hold on…” Tara bolted into the bathroom behind her and slammed the door shut with more energy than she appeared capable. I wiggled the handle. 
“Tara, the door’s locked. Want me to come in?”
“No. Can you just wait a few minutes? I just need to sit here…” 
I listened against the door but didn’t hear her throw up yet. “Ok, but just for a minute and then I’m going to get you out of here.” I kicked Austin’s shoe, and he rolled his eyes open at me. “Go get Tara a bottle of water… and one for you,” I added, taking the plastic cup from his hand and placing it on the floor. Austin groaned. 
“Fine, whatever.” I was surprised he complied, but glad I didn’t have to deal with him for long. 
Shane slapped Austin on the back as he passed us by. “Austin makes me look like a saint at these parties,” he joked once we were alone. 
“Let’s not get carried away,” I said, looking down at the party from my position on the landing. As one of the few underage drinkers, Austin did seem worse off than most of the others in my view. 
“He’s too competitive,” Shane said, catching me eying Austin. “His brother challenged him to some drinking games. You remember Conner, right?” I remembered. He was an even bigger hotshot than his younger brother was, though Austin seemingly tried his best to surpass Conner’s reputation.  Shane chuckled, watching Austin stumble onto the couch, abandoning his assignment to find bottled water. “You can see how well that went.”
“Oh, yeah, like you didn’t play and lose a little, too.” I shook my head.
“And there it is.” Shane’s smile disappeared.
“What?”
“Your look of disapproval. No one else gives me those looks quite as well as you do.”
I furrowed my eyebrows, my mouth dropping open to argue. Shane’s index finger touched my lips and he stepped towards me, closing the gap between us. 
“I’m kidding.” The corners of his lips turned up slightly, but he kept his gaze steady. “You were right to break up with me. It never would have worked between us for long, would it?” 
I swallowed, giving a small shake of my head. Butterflies danced inside my stomach against my will. Shane’s finger slid from the top of my nose down along my profile and landed on my chin.
“The thing is," he continued, his face inching towards mine. “I kinda miss your face.” His hand cupped beneath my jaw and he brought his lips to mine—too quickly for me to resist. I closed my eyes, the familiarity of his mouth drawing me in. His kiss was like a drug, fueling me with adrenaline and desire, masking sadness and loneliness. Maybe I could enjoy this feeling for a little longer. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad thing… 
A whiff of alcohol sharpened my senses.
My hand grabbed Shane’s wrist. “Shane…” I breathed, interrupting his lips against mine. He persisted, trying to quiet my words. “Shane,” I tried again.
‘Hmm…?”
 I pulled his hand away from my face and stepped aside from his cornering stance. His body turned towards me, following my escape.
“You’re drunk.” Considering the wooziness in my head, I wondered if I had any right to criticize his state of mind when his kiss had thrown me off balance with such force. 
“No, I’m not.” He tried again, bringing his forehead to mine with one hand touching the back of my neck. His words were soft. “I just… love you.”
“Shane, come on…” I pulled away for good this time, his words snapping me out of his attractive trance. I didn’t know what love was yet, but I knew it wasn’t this feeling of uncertainty. “You and I aren’t good for each other. You want someone you can have fun with—someone like Crystal…”
Shane scoffed, mumbling her name with a roll of his eyes. 
I gave him a pointed look. “Is she here?”
“Of course not.” He looked away momentarily. “I just wanted to make you jealous. I didn’t need her here.” His eyes returned to mine, pausing on my lips. “Why? Did it work?” Confidence touched his expression again, and he took another step towards me. 
 Jealous. Of course I’d been jealous. I didn’t want to admit it, least of all to him, that a part of me missed being with Shane. Aside from almost getting arrested a couple of times, we’d had fun together.
But he wasn’t what I needed right now. We’d been through this before. 
I breathed through the flush in my cheeks, deciding to ignore the question he already knew the answer to. “Like you said before, it’s your senior year. I am not the girl you want by your side, Shane.” 
His hand took mine. “Why don’t you let me worry about that?”
I searched inside myself, fighting those persistent butterflies and feeling the warmth of his touch heating my skin. Was it so bad to get wrapped up in Shane again? Had my decision been too hasty? 
  Shane took my moment of silence to retrieve Austin’s cup from the floor. He drained it. Catching me watching him, he tilted his head in question, waiting for my response.
I sighed and shook my head. Our needs were not the same. In some ways, we were too different. 
“What?” he asked.
I took the empty cup from his hands and placed it on the banister. “You’re a distraction, Shane. You help me forget. But I’m starting to realize…” I looked down at my hands, pondering and questioning the words I was about to say. My eyes met his with understanding. “I need to remember.”
Shane frowned. “Remember what?”
I nodded, digging a little deeper inside. “Maddie. I need to remember and think about what happened that day. Really think about it.” I remembered Mr. Nordell’s words, likening my grief to Yosemite—allowing my grief to grow, and swell and change… until something beautiful and unexpected arose from it. “I need to focus on me, Shane, and not because someone is telling me to. It has to happen because I want to. And I think I’m almost ready.” 
Mr. Nordell’s face popped into my mind. Last week, he had challenged me to try something out of my comfort zone. Now, to fulfill that task, I envisioned having that conversation with him about Maddie. Soon.
Shane scratched his head, his expression confused and with a shade of sudden hesitancy. He glanced down from the landing at the party below. This was obviously too heavy a topic for his Friday night.
I smiled at him, his reaction backing up my decision. I could tell a part of Shane wanted to be the guy I needed… but he wasn’t quite there yet. The rest of his carefree senior year awaited him. I put a hand on his arm. “It’s ok, Shane. I know you said we can’t be friends… but I’ll see you around school, all right?”
Shane blew out a breath of air from his nose, looking me up and down. He appeared both guilty and relieved at the same time. His gaze lingered on my lips before connecting with my eyes again. “You are too pretty to go through all of this.” He leaned in and kissed my cheek. “Definitely too pretty.”
I pressed my lips together. “Bye, Shane.” 



 My sisters continued thriving on the basketball court, even as I sat on the bleachers beside Mom. She didn’t understand my reasons, but she didn’t push me about it either. I think Mom was relieved I wasn’t hiding out in my room like I did at the beginning of the school year, so although she’d rather see me on the court next to my sisters, she knew things could be worse. A few months ago, they had been worse. Regardless, I didn’t regret my decision to permanently bench myself from the game.
When the Sectional Championship arrived, it was weird being so far from the court. Even still, I could sense my teammates’ restless nerves, and feel the anticipation of what it would mean to be champions. Last year, winning had been at our fingertips, and this was a chance to redeem it. Excitement aside, I also felt pressure, knowing that if they lost, the blame would fall on me for abandoning them.  A part of me needed them to win so I wouldn’t have one more thing to feel guilty about. Fortunately, Maya Walsh, the Tiger’s point guard, was still recovering from surgery on her broken ankle. Now, my team might have the upper hand. 
As the Pelicans and Tigers faced off on the court, I often found myself holding my breath. I watched anxiously beside Mom, having confidence that my sisters would perform their best—but anything could happen in a matter of seconds, including untimely fouls or missing important free throws in the last second, like I did last year. 
The score board climbed evenly back and forth, keeping fans on their toes throughout the whole game. Mom and I squeezed hands, often jumping to our feet with the swift baskets from Taylor and Leah. Watching them move so fluidly together, I couldn’t be more proud. In the final minutes, Mom and I screamed until we were hoarse, begging those key free throws to circle the ring and fall through the net. 
We were two points behind. Seconds left, Leah retrieved the ball and made a shot from well beyond the three-point line. It swooshed through the net as the buzzer sounded.
The Pelicans won the Championship. 
The gym erupted, exploding onto the basketball court with Pelican pride. 
“You did it!” I swept from one sister to the next, wrapping my arms around them.
Exhaustion trailed down the side of their faces in streaks, but they both grinned. “We missed you out there, Allie,” Leah said, after chugging half a bottle of Gatorade. The blue liquid dripped down her chin. 
I shook my head. “Yeah, but you didn’t need me. You guys earned this all on your own.” I hugged my sisters once more, and then released them to celebrate with their team.
The win wasn’t important to me in the way it had been in the past. Instead, it simply made me happy to see my sisters’ confidence and happiness grow, even without me by their side. It was good practice for when I left for college.  
With the close of basketball season, the school year moved swiftly into March, bringing with it a rainy spring. On a particularly grey afternoon, I left campus at lunch to run to the store. I’d seen Mr. Nordell in between classes, wiping sweat from his brow with a handkerchief—something I had teased him about in the past. Who wanted to carry around sweat and snot in a cloth hidden inside your pocket anyway? At the store, I grabbed a box of tissue and a packet of flu medicine, just in case the changing weather was about to bring him down. I always broke out with a sweat and chills before suffering from the flu. I would keep my distance, of course—no one wants the flu—but from the looks of him, Mr. Nordell could use something to help him get through the last half of the day. 
I returned to school. As I neared his classroom, I had to maneuver my way through the crowd of students in the hall. I checked my watch, confused by the bustle of kids hanging around. I knew the bell hadn’t rung yet. Nearing Mr. Nordell’s classroom, I could no longer mistaken the panicked energy buzzing the hallway. I’d felt it before—at the hospital. I heard the crying before I saw their faces—heard the words before I saw them spoken. 
Get a teacher!
Call 911!
I barreled through the crowd, shoving my way past anxious students, their eyes wide and their cell phones open—texting, calling, taking pictures—I could only hope someone had called an ambulance because I knew what I was about to find.
Mr. Nordell laid in a heap on his back, his head lolled to the side and his legs crumpled together.
Too still.
A kid named Peter was checking his pulse, though he seemed to be going through the motions in a haze, as if he weren’t sure what to do. Too many students were standing around, gawking, crying, unsure…
Principal Hayden’s voice boomed from the hallway. “Move, move! Everybody out of the way!” 
I beat him to Mr. Nordell, falling to my knees beside his body. Peter stepped away, visibly shaking. 
“He’s not breathing, I—I can’t find a pulse,” he said.
“No! No, please, no…” My hands grabbed Mr. Nordell’s in mine, squeezing tightly. While mild warmth lingered to his touch, I could almost feel it seeping away with every moment that passed. 
“Allie, step aside. Let me see him! Please, Allie—call an ambulance.” Principal Hayden threw his phone into my hand, almost knocking me over. He gave two breaths, and then swiftly transitioned to pumping Mr. Nordell’s chest. I came to my feet, my trembling hands touching 911 on the phone. 
My breaths quickened in my chest. Too fast—I was breathing too fast. I felt my mind falling into a stupor, my knees threatening to buckle. 
“911, what’s your emergency? … Hello?”
“It’s my teacher…” My voice cracked, my eyes falling shut. “I think he’s dead.”

***

I don’t know what happened to the box of tissue or the flu medicine that I’d held in my hands. They were lost amongst the chaos with the crowd of students and teachers seeping into Mr. Nordell’s classroom, shocked and too concerned to follow protocol. When the paramedics arrived, they strapped him to a gurney and sped him to the hospital. 
Classes eventually resumed once the ambulance left, though school seemed more like a holding place to maintain a sense of order. I, for one, didn’t learn anything for the rest of the day. I tuned out my teachers, who also seemed to be going through the motions. My heart beat fast in my chest as I chewed my fingernails. I felt an immense pressure growing in my chest. I watched the clock, waiting and wondering if miracles still happened. 
Just before school ended, Principal Hayden called me to his office to tell me Mr. Nordell didn’t recover. He’d suffered a heart attack and was unable to be revived. 
“I wanted to tell you personally,” Principal Hayden said, “because I know the two of you were close. And given the circumstances of your cousin’s death last summer…”
I stood up from my rigid position in the chair. “Thank you for telling me.” Slinging my backpack over my shoulder, I bolted from his office. I dodged teachers and ignored my name. Escaping the administrative doors, I took off down the hall.  
My stomach lurched when I heard the final bell suddenly ring. Students poured out of their classrooms, obstructing my path. I fought my way past them, bumping into shoulders and ignoring protests of annoyance. I thought I heard my name again but I pressed forward, refusing to look back. 
A hand gripped my forearm, whipping me around and pulling me into his chest. Shane’s arms wrapped securely around me. My backpack slipped to the floor, and I cried hard and loud. His hands pressed my head against his torso, and my body shook with sobs. I felt his hands caressing my hair—heard him murmuring words in attempt to quiet my tears. 
“I’m so sorry about Nordell…” Shane’s voice sounded far away. 
In our embrace, my well of grief deepened, darkening with my despair. The images of Maddie that I fought to contain now rose to the surface next to Mr. Nordell’s ashen face. I couldn’t see his kind brown eyes that offered me solace and hope. Instead, my memories of Mr. Nordell were tainted with how I found him in the classroom—death staring back at me. 
“Hey…” Shane said after a minute, pulling back so he could look at my face. I hung my head, not wanting Shane or anyone to see my swollen eyes. At the sight of me, Shane sighed and pulled me close once again for another moment. I took a deep breath to clear the weight inside my chest, but it didn’t go away. He grabbed my backpack with one hand and put his arm around my shoulders. “Come on,” he said, “I’ll take you home.”
The school administration formally announced Mr. Nordell’s death during a scheduled assembly the next morning. I almost didn’t hear it because Mom tried to keep me from school, fearing it would be too much for me. But I couldn’t stay at home with nothing to do. I was too afraid for the all the quiet time to myself.
When the first bell rang, teachers ushered students into the assembly hall. The room resonated with whispers, sniffles, and the sound of noses blowing through tissues. I learned that when death strikes, suddenly the deceased has friends he didn’t even know about. Maintaining composure today, I couldn’t help but scowl inside when I saw students, who had only ever referred to him as “Nerd-dell,” wiping away a tear or two in conversation. Tara was one of them.
“It’s just so horrible,” she said from beside me, dabbing at her damp cheeks. Ever since I had picked her up at the party two weeks ago, she’d been talking to me again. She also seemed to finally understand that the world was not, in fact, over just because I quit the basketball team. Mr. Nordell’s death seemed to ease this transition. Our relationship was on the mend. Today, though, bitterness infiltrated my mood. 
You didn’t even know him, I wanted to interrupt. I knew it wasn’t fair to judge her, or any of the students who seemed upset, despite their shallow relationship with “the boring, old science teacher.” Mr. Nordell’s heart attack, which seemed to come out of nowhere, was a reminder of the fragility of life, warning everyone that death could happen at any time and to anyone. There was a time when even I thought of Mr. Nordell as “typical”. Yet he wasn’t typical at all—he was extraordinary. And now he was gone.
In what surely must be part of the school’s code of conduct, handouts on grief circulated the classrooms that week. School counselors wandered the halls, keeping a sharp eye for students breaking down or suffering any kind of unusual emotion that they might attribute to grief. It might have been in my head, but I was pretty sure extra sets of eyes were watching me again and waiting for another breakdown. I could almost hear the questions bouncing off the halls.
Is Allie going to totally lose it? What will she do now?
 I refused to be a grief project. 
“How are you doing?” Shane said to me a few days later, finding me as I exited my history class. Since my breakdown in the hallway, he had been making frequent appearances in my life again. 
 I stifled a sigh. His question was well intended, but one I had grown to hate since last summer. There was no simple way to answer such a loaded question. Sometimes it was hard to know whether the question was a simple greeting or a true desire to know about the weighted thoughts and feelings constantly stirring my soul. Even if it were the latter, I had no desire to discuss the answer in a school hallway. I opted for a returned greeting.
“Hi, Shane.” I released a small smile. I was glad he had been keeping our interactions casual. He seemed to finally understand that kissing me could not solve my problems or take away the root of my pain. But I liked the company, even when he often seemed uncomfortable because he didn’t know what to say. We walked together for a minute, heading towards the open quad.
Crystal stepped into our path, her arms crossed. She tossed her head to swing her angled bangs out of her eyes. “Nice to see you two back together again,” she said. She directed her attention at Shane. “Your explanation for suddenly being too busy for me makes sense now.” 
“We’re not together,” I said. Even though I stood a good four inches taller than she did, the bitter confidence in her stance made me feel small. She glared at me with her maroon-painted lips jutting out.
“I don’t know what he sees in such a good girl like you,” she said, looking me up and down. “It must get pretty dull.” Her eyes gleamed. “Why do you think he hurried over to me so fast?”
“Crystal,” Shane said, taking a step forward. He put a hand on her narrow shoulder. Her lips smiled sweetly at him, though her eyes darkened. Shane’s face tightened. “You’re gonna want to keep moving.”
She let out a sickened laugh and knocked away his hand. “Oh, listen to you…” Crystal’s attention diverted to a couple of her friends hanging on the sidelines. She waved her fingers at them. “Well, when you get bored again, just let me know. I’ll be around.” She tossed her head and flounced towards her friends. 
I didn’t care about Crystal, but I couldn’t help thinking about her words. In some ways, she was right. I was an emotional burden to those around me, and I didn’t have much to give in return. 
“Sorry about that,” Shane said. “You ok?”
I started to walk again, and Shane followed close to my side. My voice soft, I said, “Please don’t ask me that… I never know what to say.” My shoulders slumped, and I averted my eyes. 
Grabbing my hand, Shane led me to a bench. He put an arm around me and I laid my head on his shoulder, breathing in the familiarity and comfort of his cologne. We sat together in silence for a minute—no questions. No words. 
He was the first to speak again. “I never know what to say either… And I know you don’t want a boyfriend, but I want to be your friend, Allie…” He squeezed my hand. “I’ll be your friend.”  



I attended Mr. Nordell’s funeral, doing my best to merely observe respectfully and keep my emotions at bay. I tried to find comfort in the belief that he must be with his beloved Cynthia now. But even though I believed that, a selfish part of me didn’t care. I wanted him here.  I needed him, too.
  As the weeks passed, a protective casing slid over me, sealing Maddie’s and Mr. Nordell’s deaths inside—and keeping everyone else out. I took again to the outdoors, though my rhythm changed. I ran fast, and I ran hard—so that when my body would tremble inside and out, and my lungs and throat burned, I could chalk it up to physical exhaustion alone and nothing more. Even when I became aware of Maddie’s death tapping incessantly from inside me, seeking a way out, I’d seal the cracks and keep moving. 
The call that summoned me to the counselor’s office didn’t surprise me. The school had to follow protocol. With a calm expression, I seated myself in the cushioned chair in front of her desk. Composure—it was all about keeping composure, so that Ms. Carol, with her pleated, blue skirt and high-buttoned yellow blouse, would have no reason to take notes.
She did anyway. 
Smiling pleasantly, she asked, “Allie, how are you doing?”
“I’m fine.” I tried to slouch in my seat a little to appear less tense. 
“And how are you doing with school these days?” she asked, choosing to sit in an identical cushioned chair beside me, rather than behind her desk.
What a clever, calculated choice in seating, I thought. Like we’re buddies, so I might confide in you. 
“I’m sure you’ve looked at my records,” I said, eying the computer on her desk. She wouldn’t have called me in without checking my academic status. “I’m maintaining decent grades.”
“Oh, well, that’s wonderful!” She clasped her hands together in her lap, one manicured hand on top of the other. “It probably helps that you’ve had extra time on your hands without basketball this semester, am I right?” Ms. Carol appeared innocent with her question—but I knew she was fishing for a discussion. 
I offered a noncommittal shrug.
She waited… and when it appeared that I had nothing more to say, she excused me to return to class. 
Every week, Ms. Carol pulled me into her office for a few minutes, probing for something, anything, emotionally significant from me. I wouldn’t budge. It was comical to see her own smooth exterior begin to fray with what I imagined was frustration. Her questions became more direct, and her hints more blatant. Her smile began to crack, along with the high pitch of her voice. It became somewhat of a game to me, and I found spiteful satisfaction in not letting her win.
Mr. Nordell would not be proud of my behavior. Sometimes, I could hear his voice in my head, a mumble of advice trapped inside a box. “Don’t bury your growth beside me,” he would say. “Yosemite wasn’t built on sunshine alone. Storms are nourishment in disguise, and I promise they will pass.” He would want me to talk to Ms. Carol, or somebody else that I could trust.
But I couldn’t do it. 
It had taken me far too long to trust in Mr. Nordell, and life—with its cruel tricks—had stolen him away from me just as I was about to reach the summit. I felt like I was tumbling down a mountain, ready to land on my face in a pile of discouragement. 
Finally, a few weeks into the subtle interrogation, Ms. Carol asked me flat out if Mr. Nordell’s death re-triggered the trauma from Maddie’s drowning. 
Her unexpectedly straightforward question knocked me off guard, and she almost had me for a moment. I felt the smallest fracture from within, aware of the tapping from Maddie’s death drumming harder, louder. Ms. Carol seemed pleased, as if she could sense the slight change in my demeanor. 
“Allie,” Ms. Carol said, her voice softening. “You don’t have to fight me on this. I’m just trying to help.” When I said nothing, she continued. “You are about to graduate high school and enter the adult world on your own. You appear to be faring well enough—on the outside.” She paused with her scrutinizing gaze.  “But you will be by yourself, with no support. No one will know about Maddie, or Mr. Nordell, or your near drowning. You have a support system now. Please, won’t you talk to me about what you’re feeling?”
After a few moments, I interrupted the usual quiet that took place in between Ms. Carol’s efforts to break me. “That’s what I want.”
Ms. Carol appeared hopeful. “What do you want? To talk about it?”
“For no one to know about Maddie, or any of it.” At my contradictory words, Ms. Carol’s expression dropped. I lowered my gaze. “I just—I don’t want to be assessed anymore. I don’t want to talk about what happened!” For the first time with Ms. Carol, my voice raised. 
I was done. I wanted to be done.
Ms. Carol’s hands returned to her lap as she quieted a sigh of defeat. “All right, Allie. If that’s what you want, you can be done. I will trouble you no more.” She stood up and rifled through a drawer in her desk. She pulled out a cheap, spiral-bound notebook that would surely unravel itself with time. “Just one last request,” she said as I accepted the notebook. “You don’t have to talk about it today, or tomorrow, or maybe ever. But all I ask is that you write about it. I’m not going to read it,” she hurriedly added, waving her hand at me. “This notebook is for you. Just take some time this week to write down what happened last summer—every detail.”
“What’s the point?” I asked, flipping through the blank pages grudgingly.
“The point, Allie, is to get it out of your head.” Ms. Carol opened the door, releasing me from her office one last time. “You are free to go.” 

***

“Allie, you’ve barely touched your food.” Mom eyed me from her end of the dinner table that night. “How are you feeling?”
Scowling at the plate of frozen lasagna sitting in a mess of layers on my plate, I threw down my fork. It clanged against my dish. I let out a sound of frustration. “Why does everyone keep asking me that?” 
I knew I was in trouble. I rested my forehead in one hand, clenching my teeth to control the rage of emotions bubbling up my throat. 
It’s not Mom’s fault. It’s not Mom’s fault… I knew I shouldn’t have been rude, and I was glad she wouldn’t let me get away with it.
“Excuse me, young lady.” Mom’s tone silenced my sisters’ conversation. I felt their gaze fall on me. “I’m sure your day has been a tough one, like the rest of them lately. Not that any of us would know since you won’t talk to us…” The pause in her words accentuated the same disappointment that resonated with Ms. Carol’s words. “But you will not take it out on your family.”
I forced myself to look at Mom. Her fists held her silverware tightly in both hands. Behind the anger in her eyes, I caught a twinge of despair, exhibited near her tired crow’s feet. 
She was right. I wasn’t being fair to my family. I needed to figure this out, for their sake and mine.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I’m really sorry, Mom.”
She sighed, dropping her head. “Allie, what are we going to do with you?” She had spoken to her plate in a quiet voice, so I didn’t respond to her question. She seemed to ask it enough that I knew there was no solution.
After a few moments, I said, “May I be excused? I need to work on something. It’s… important.”
Another sigh. And then she gestured with her weary hand. “Go on…”
Leah and Taylor raised their eyebrows in question. I shook my head in apology, not willing to disclose my assignment. 
“I’ll just be in my room.” 
I shut my bedroom door and locked it. Ms. Carol’s words repeated in my mind, her instructions clear and terrifying. Unzipping my backpack, I pulled out the notebook she had given me. I ran my thumb along the plastic, spiral binding, grazing my fingernail along the edging with indecision. I stood up and sat down too many times to count, biting the end of my pen until the cap became irrevocably dented. 
Finally, seated at my desk, I removed my head from my hands; I flipped the yellow cover open. I brought my damaged pen to the empty, white page—took a breath—and began to write…



LAST SUMMER





 “Can we rent a boat tomorrow?” Leah asked. She sat in the front seat next to Dad, her smile big and hopeful. After basketball, wakeboarding was the next best thing, and we were all eager to get back in the lake.
 Dad nodded. “Absolutely! I can’t wait to see the three of you out there again.” The drive up the canyon—with evergreen trees stretching towards the clouds like skyscrapers—seemed particularly long that day, though it was only two hours from Dad’s home in Danville. Every other year, Dad’s side of the family met up at our cabin in Hidden Pines, located in the heart of the Sierra Nevadas in California. Dad’s sister and her small family were already up there.
I jumped out of our suburban, arms open wide to receive the bullet of blond hair careening into my arms. 
“Allie!” my nine-year-old cousin squealed, matching the eager grin on my face. She hurried to spread her hugs to Dad, Leah, and Taylor, but like a loyal pup, she returned to my side. “What took you guys so long? Come on, come on!” She tugged me along, barely pausing for me to sling the duffel bag over my shoulder. 
Maddie announced our arrival to the open living room. I waved at Uncle Bill, who was reclined in the large, brown sectional watching sports on the flat screen. He hollered a friendly “Hello,” accompanied with the wide smile that pushed out his double chin. Maddie plopped down beside him, leaning in and jabbering away. I was pretty sure by the look on Uncle Bill’s face that her topic of conversation had nothing to do with sports—but he smiled and knuckled Maddie’s head affectionately.  
“Allie! Hi, dear!” Aunt Heidi peeked from around the corner of the kitchen. She wrapped her arms around me with a tight squeeze.
“Smells delicious, Aunt Heidi,” I said, eying whatever was baking in the oven.
“You always have the best food!” Leah agreed, practically jumping up and down. One of the downsides of my parent’s divorce was not living close to Aunt Heidi anymore. She often stopped by to drop off meals and treats that she’d been experimenting with. Mom could have used a lesson or two… or twenty. But we weren’t about to say anything to her face about that. Taylor grabbed a homemade roll and sighed in satisfaction.
We spent most of Saturday on the lake, either wakeboarding or tubing. Maddie, who wasn’t quite ready for wakeboarding, joined me on the tube.  
“Ok, Uncle James,” she said seriously to Dad, “I don’t want you to take it easy on me. I can handle it.” She flexed her fingers and readied her grip on the tube handles with resolution. 
Dad hid a smile behind one hand, exchanging a humored glance with Uncle Bill. “Oh, I know you can handle it, Miss Maddie,” Dad said. He exaggerated a whisper, pretending like I couldn’t hear him. “It’s Allie I’m worried about. I’m not sure she can hold on as long as you can.”
I laughed with a shrug, playing along. “I’ll do what I can.”
“Allie can do anything,” Maddie defended. “Come on, we’re ready.” She gave a nod, slightly shifting her position on her stomach. The tube swayed calmly in the water. I tightened my grip. 
“Let’s do it!” I exchanged a readied grin with Maddie, her eyes lighting up with anticipation. She loved a challenge, and Dad respected her zealous nature enough to give it to her. He jumped behind the wheel and the boat gradually pulled away, tightening the slack in the rope. As the boat gathered speed, we bumped along playfully. Maddie laughed into the wind, letting her hair fly crazily behind her. After a few minutes cruising easily on the water, Dad maneuvered the boat so that the tube slid across the wake, jolting our smooth ride.
I gritted my teeth to prevent biting my tongue. The boat picked up speed. Hitting turbulent water, we skidded across the water like skipping stones.  My body swayed along the edge of the tube, threatening to knock me off. “You ok?” I yelled to Maddie, eventually noticing her playfulness replaced with intense concentration. Her arms trembled beneath her life vest, but she didn’t answer. I knew she would never want to admit defeat by signaling for Dad to stop. 
I grunted as we hit the wake again. Dad was holding true to his promise of a challenge. I could see her strength wavering. In an effort to save Maddie’s pride, I released my grip. The tube whipped out from under me, and I plummeted into the water with a painful smack. I popped back up, shaking water from my face, and watched the boat turn around to pick me up. When Dad slowed to a stop, he made a few playful jabs at my tubing skills, though his expression suggested he understood the intention behind my fall. He gave an approving nod.
 My relationship with Dad always seemed easier when water was involved. I felt more natural around him at the lake than during our limited visits to Danville. Visiting him in our hometown only reminded me that we’d had to leave it behind because of his mistakes. That was another reason I loved Hidden Pines. The lodge was something of a safe haven—a collection of our best family vacations.
I clambered back onto the tube, rather ungracefully, in my waterlogged life jacket.  “Not bad, sista!” Maddie accepted my high five, her blue eyes sparkling in the sunlight. 
“Thanks, Allie,” she whispered. I nudged her shoulder with mine.
“Anytime, Maddie. You know I got your back.”



“Higher!” Maddie yelled down to me, pulling herself through the tree branches like a pro. Only a branch or two below her, I continued my ascent. Pinecones tugged on my hair and dry bark scraped against my skin. When Maddie finally halted her climb, I joined her on the sturdy branch. It was just far enough outside the pine tree that we could clearly see the lake before us, despite the dimming natural light. I eyed the grey clouds hovering in the distance and felt the chilly breeze shepherding them towards us. 
Still, Maddie’s face radiated bliss. We observed the quiet shore that had quickly been abandoned as the weather darkened. “I’m going to miss this tree,” she said, inhaling the potent fragrance from the branches. I nodded my head, knowing exactly what she meant. It wasn’t that this particular tree smelled any different than the other evergreens surrounding us, but this tree had history.
 My sisters and I found this tree a few years ago. I was ten at the time. We liked it because it was part of a small cluster that grew close to the shoreline and was located half a mile from the cabins—not super far, but enough to get out of sight. If we ever wanted to escape our boring parents for a while, we’d take off running and play on our own. Of course, we did get in trouble sometimes—like the time Maddie was only five and was scrambling after us, trying to keep up with my sisters and me. She didn’t climb very far, but she fell and fractured her wrist. It was after that summer that we promised to play together and not ditch Maddie just because she was seven years younger. This tree became a sort of clubhouse—without the actual “house” part, of course. 
So it was no wonder that on our last day at Hidden Pines, Maddie and I found ourselves climbing one more time to take in the beautiful view and capture the fresh scent of nature drifting through the air. It was our tradition to say goodbye. I propped my back against the tree trunk, straddling the branch, and letting my right leg swing casually back and forth. Maddie faced me, balancing her position by holding onto the branches around her. 
“What are you looking forward to this year?” I asked her.
“Gymnastics.” Her smile broadened. “The beginning class is too easy now, so Mom said I can move up to the next level and go three times a week. By next summer, I will be almost as fast and strong as you!”
I laughed with a nod. “I’m sure you will.” A few drops of rain hit me in the eye, and I wiped them away with my hand. “We need to get back soon.” Maddie didn’t even seem to notice the cooling breeze and the droplets dampening her shirt. 
“What are you looking forward to?” she asked, returning the question. “All those boys that like you?” She puckered up her lips in a pretend smooch. 
I kicked playfully at her leg, making a face. “Nah, not the boys. They’re more trouble than they’re worth.” I wouldn’t get into the details with my young cousin, but I had little intention of getting serious with anyone for a while. “Our basketball team is going to rock it this year, though. That’s what I’m excited about.” Running suicides to Coach’s whistle, with my sneakers squeaking and sweat dripping onto the court, were not my favorite drills, but it was all worth it for the adrenaline of game day. 
“You gonna be captain?” Maddie asked. “You should be, with your whole family on the court this year!” 
“Maybe. I think so.” After the thrill of Sectionals, I couldn’t wait to play ball with my sisters again. It would definitely be a memorable tribute to my senior year. No other year would be able to compare.
Our conversation came to a halt when a sheet of rain showered us. The storm had moved fast. “Time to go!” I called to Maddie, making the first move down the tree. With a frown, she followed suit. Just as I reached the bottom, Maddie hopped down from her branch with a quick thud and took off running.
“Wait, where are you going?” I shouted, watching her movements take her away from the cabins.
“The river! Just one more time!” Maddie didn’t even glance back to see if I followed. “Come on, Allie! Hurry up!” 
“Madison, don’t run off.” My words were more to myself than Maddie, who was far ahead of me. With only her giggle for a response, I picked up my pace, weaving in and out of trees and following the dancing head of blond hair. My shoes imprinted in the ground, the dirt already softening and giving way to the rain. 
Our run lasted a couple minutes before I caught up with Maddie—or her shoes, rather. Having removed her sneakers, she was already stepping across the boulders, the uneven line creating a path from one side of the river to the other. It was a game we played every time we visited the river, racing to see who could cross first, but it didn’t feel like a good idea right now.
“Hey, get back here! Didn’t you notice it’s raining? We can’t play here today. It’s not safe!” 
I lunged to the embankment, swiping at her arm, but failing to catch her. Maddie only laughed, edging further along.
“You’re going to get us both in trouble!” I had to yell over the loud drumming of the rain mingling with the roar of the river. I knew our parents wouldn’t be happy, and as the older cousin, I would be blamed. Still, I couldn’t help but smile at Maddie’s determined energy. 
I removed my shoes, setting them next to Maddie’s, though it was pointless with how soaked I already was from head to toe—but that was part of our game to cross barefoot. I pulled my toe back from the chill of the water. “It’s freezing!” My body shivered in objection, but I planted both feet in the icy river anyway. 
Two arm’s lengths away, Maddie laughed and said, “How much do you want to bet that I can make it all the way across to the other side and back?” Her hands rubbed at the water cascading down her face, her eyes blinking rapidly. 
If she was going to cross, I intended to go with her. We’d both crossed the river a hundred times before, but today felt different—an air of warning lingering around us. As if to emphasize the worry in my stomach, my balance teetered and I almost slipped. Maddie, too, hesitated as the river forced her to regain footing. The confidence in her eyes dimmed. 
“Madison, get back here! The current is too strong.”
At last, Maddie seemed to agree with my assessment, eying the current rushing faster than we’d ever witnessed it before. Her lips pouted and she let out a huff of air, but at least she seemed to be listening now. 
Wrapping my arms around myself to shelter my saturated body from the forceful wind, I watched Maddie pivot towards me. I glared against the bullets of rain targeting my skin. The game had lost its appeal. All I wanted was for Maddie and me to get out of the river, but I wasn’t getting out without her.
My fingers reached for hers as I fought to withhold my stance against the river’s pull. Her fingers close to grazing mine, I leaned forward, inches away from her.
Her foot slipped. I gasped as she disappeared from my reach. She let out a fearful cry as the river fully submerged her little body. 
“Maddie!” I screeched her name, propelling myself back onto the embankment. Barefoot, I chased after her, hurdling bushes and fallen branches—ignoring the sharp pain from debris puncturing my skin. I could still see her afloat, though at times the river briefly sucked her under before she popped back up to catch her breath. 
She was young. She was strong. I had to believe she was going to make it—she just needed a little help. Losing sight of her again for a moment, panic tore at my stomach—but there she was, clinging to a boulder, eyes wide with fright. 
Maddie was a fighter.
I uncurled my numbing fingers to grab hold of a branch, tugging it loose from where it had fallen into a bush. I bent over the river’s edge, extending the branch like a lifeline. 
“Allie! Allie, please help me!” Maddie’s natural confidence disappeared with the river, and all that was left was a cold and terrified nine-year-old child. She threw out one arm in a desperate attempt to grab the branch. Her fingertips knocked the end of it before she returned her two-armed grasp around the boulder.
Kneeling on the embankment, I scooted my body forward, pushing the branch as far as I could reach. “Come on, Madison! You can do it! Just a little farther!” I hoped she couldn’t hear the terror behind my instructions, my heart beating as loudly as the pounding rain. 
 With a leap of faith, Maddie thrust herself towards me, both hands grasping hold of the branch. A touch of terror left her eyes at the same time that I let out a breath of relief. Though the river still pulled, I held her securely, my grip on the branch steady and my determination strong.  I had her. Everything would be ok.
As I attempted to pull Maddie towards me, my grip on the wet tree limb slipped. In my haste, I leaned forward to keep hold of the bough. With my body already at the very edge of the embankment, my impulsive movement flung me headfirst into the river. 
Icy water swallowed me whole. The river stole my breath, numbing me with fear all over again. I shot my head out of the water, inhaling air and water. Flailing my arms, I fought to grab hold of something—anything—my body smashing into boulders in the process. I grunted, searching for Maddie.
Gasping, I spotted her bobbing a fair distance before me. She turned her head, blue eyes meeting mine for just a moment. Her cries were lost, whether because of my own gurgling shrieks or the sounds of the triumphant river whirling her around, I couldn’t be sure. The river continued to dunk her up and down… until her little blond head failed to resurface. 
My legs fought to find footing beneath me. My body twisted in vain. I inhaled as much water as I did oxygen, fatigue wrapping itself around my limbs, my mind. Thrown against the embankment, my arms tangled themselves in some brush. My fingers braided into the thick undergrowth, holding me in place while the river tugged on me, wrenching my body parallel. 
Eyes barely open against the water rushing past my face, I caught glimpse of a figure above me. A murmured voice called out. I wanted to respond to the voice—wanted to see who it was… but I felt myself slipping, physically, mentally, giving in to the river’s pull—until even the sound of the river’s victorious roar was heard no more. 



I lay curled on my side, my body half-inclined on the thin hospital mattress beneath me. My back faced the doorway, my position remaining immobile, as it had been for the past couple of hours. Casting my eyes downwards, I could still see the figure of a man hunched over in a chair near the foot of my bed, his head resting heavily in both of his hands—like he didn’t have the strength to support it otherwise. Using the palms of his hands, he buried them into his eyes, rubbing away tears. 
I shifted uncomfortably, just the tiniest bit of movement, but it alerted Dad’s attention. “Allison,” he spoke, his voice quiet as he attempted once again. “Please, honey—just talk to me.”
My eyes closed as I swallowed the lump in my throat that refused to fully dissolve. I fought the tears, barely able to breathe. Barely able to breathe… 
The river seemed to consume me all over again. Images of Maddie popped into my mind, her final look of terror staring back at me, punching me in the gut over and over. 
I retched over the side of the bed, my empty stomach kicking my body into spasms. Dad jumped to his feet and hurried to my side, placing an uncertain hand on my back. He patted me awkwardly, probably grateful that I had nothing left in me since my previous hurling episode. He tried to hand me a cup of water, but I pushed his hand away, refusing his kindness. 
I didn’t deserve it. 
Besides, the IV line stuck in my left arm should be doing its job. I ignored the irritating tug of the needle in my hand and remained on my side, curled up in the fetal position. The evening played out in my mind, accompanying the sick loss of control gnawing on my insides. 
Maddie was gone. 
They hadn’t found her body yet but the search was still going on, combing the river, and searching the embankments for any signs of Maddie’s survival—but she was presumed dead. It had been over four hours now since the “incident” occurred. My sense of time was a little skewed, though, since I awoke in the hospital bed with no memory of how I arrived there. 
A nurse told me an anonymous person had brought me to the Emergency Room, leaving swiftly before anyone could ask him questions. All he had said as he handed me off was that I had almost drowned in the river. With the heavy rainstorm bringing in a surge of victims from other accidents, he had been able to slip away quickly in the chaos. 
 Lines of memory blurred together, leaving me unable to distinguish one from the other. I vaguely recalled being pulled from the river… and I had sensed that I was in a car, being taken to the hospital… but beyond that, I remembered nothing else of this anonymous rescuer, and had no idea why he chose to hide his identity. 
What I did remember was the look on Aunt Heidi’s face as she peered into my hospital room, her face swollen and red as though she’d been slapped repeatedly. What I will never forget, as I struggled with my words, is the wail that escaped her lips, her woeful eyes bearing down on me. 
“You were supposed to be watching her!” The agonizing howl bent her in half as she gripped her stomach, ready to collapse. Uncle Bill rushed to her side, tugging her out the door. He glanced once in my direction, perhaps with a look of apology as our eyes met—but it was hard to tell with his face also puffy and stricken with grief. 
It was then that I puked for the first time since I arrived at the hospital, wishing the agony and guilt sitting heavily in my gut would also be expelled. Dad had raced into my room, no doubt overhearing Aunt Heidi’s words from the hallway. He had stepped out to call Mom, whose hysterical voice could be heard coming through the speaker on the cell phone. 
That was about two hours before this latest episode of dry heaving.  
 “Is Aunt Heidi gone?” I managed to say, breaking through the dryness in my mouth. I didn’t make eye contact with Dad, though I could see him from my peripheral, standing by the window. 
“She’s back at the cabin,” he said, running a hand through his disheveled hair. He paused a moment. “You know she didn’t mean what she said, right?” 
I sighed, pulling my lips tightly together again. Whether Aunt Heidi meant to say it or not, she was right—I was supposed to be watching Maddie.
Dad shook his head, reading my thoughts through my expression. “She was just in shock,” he excused, his voice pleading for me to believe him, like he understood the devastating weight of his sister’s words. “She was still digesting the news. You know Heidi loves you, and it’s not your fault, Allie.”
What he didn’t understand—what no one would know—is that it was my fault. I could have saved Maddie. She was within my grasp, holding tightly onto that branch—trusting that I would never let her go, but I did. I fell into the river, and I let her go.
My little cousin, my precious friend… 
If Aunt Heidi hated me now, there was no way she’d ever even look at me again if she knew what I did. That would only make Maddie’s death harder to accept if anyone knew that Maddie almost survived—that she should have survived if it weren’t for my mistake.
 It was then and there, in that confined hospital room, that I decided to withhold the details. It was better that no one knew. No one else needed to carry the burden of considering what might have been, or the burden of warding off my own personal guilt. 
I would carry it alone. 



They found her body the next morning—when first light and clear skies allowed for another thorough search. Even though we assumed yesterday that Maddie was gone, hearing the news that they had retrieved her body allowed another wave of heartbreaking reality to sweep through my family and me. 
The way the TV reporters gobbled up and spread the news made me feel like a criminal, mentioning my near drowning while informing of Maddie’s death. I’m sure every viewer wondered why I survived when she didn’t—probably assuming I had only looked out for myself. It was just as well. I deserved the scrutiny.
In the cabin, I hid in my room, unable to face Aunt Heidi or Uncle Bill more than necessary. I was supposed to be packing up my belongings, preparing for our drive home that afternoon, but I couldn’t do it. I sat on the edge of my bed, folding and unfolding one of Maddie’s shirts that had found its way into my pile of laundry. 
A tentative knock sounded at my door. Aunt Heidi met my gaze, the dark bags under her swollen eyes making me cringe. She had stayed up all night, waiting for the official news about her daughter.  
“I want you to know,” she started, faltering as her voice cracked, “that I don’t blame you.” She wiped her eyes, seating herself on the twin bed adjacent to mine—the same one Maddie often slept in for our “summer slumber parties.” 
I broke eye contact, still fumbling with the shirt between my fingers. I recalled her words at the hospital and the implication behind them. I didn’t hold anything against her for pinning me as the source of her grief, even if she was trying to apologize for it now. 
“You were like a sister to her,” Aunt Heidi continued, her words low in her raspy throat. Her sniffling filled the room.
At the word “sister,” my own eyes dampened again, and a physical pain compressed my heart.
What had I done? 
“I’m sorry,” I said, swallowing the burning lump in my throat. “I wish I had stopped her from crossing the river. I had no idea it was running that fast until I reached her.”
“Come here, Allie.” Aunt Heidi seated herself on my mattress, wrapping her arms around me and pulling my head onto her shoulder. We cried together for a minute more, the room suffocating us with the nonstop flow of heavy despair. 
I needed to get out of there.
While the adults and my sisters continued to pack, I slipped out my bedroom window, landing in the large parking lot. Despite our tragedy, Hidden Pines continued to move and fill the air with carefree laughter, oblivious to the screeching halt in my life—almost oblivious, that is. Stepping away from our cabin and heading towards a trail, I kept my eyes averted, sweeping the ground as I moved. Still, my peripheral caught the whispered voices, the pointed fingers… It was no secret that the Collins family would be the highlight of gossip this summer. 
I walked for a couple of hours on a mostly secluded hike, distancing myself from my usual running trails, and in the complete opposite direction of the river. Never again did I want to see or hear the tormenting, mocking sounds from the river I once loved so much. 
By the time I returned from my walk, my family was loading the last few bags into the trunk of our suburban. Aunt Heidi and Uncle Bill were already seated in their sedan. The motor was already running, as though they were anxious to escape Hidden Pines. I noticed my bag in Dad’s hand. Someone had finished packing for me. 
“We’re just about to lock up,” Dad said, gingerly touching my shoulder with his hand. “Go ahead and grab a seat.” He opened the back door for me.
I looked back at forth between the two cars, eying the empty seat in Aunt Heidi and Uncle Bill’s back row. A hit of reality stole my breath again. I shook my head slowly, back and forth. 
Maddie should be here, like she always was—babbling away and insisting that I ride in her car. I marched towards the cabin, shoving the door open. 
“Allie, where are you going?” Dad called after me, his footsteps following me into my bedroom. I looked around the empty room, less tidy than I normally left it. Candy wrappers lay crinkled on my nightstand, and the drawers remained half-opened, as though someone had rummaged through them. 
“We can’t go.” My words were barely a whisper.
“What did you say?” Dad asked, leaning towards me. “Your sisters finished packing for you. I think they grabbed everything.”
“No,” I said, my eyes glazing over as I stared at Maddie’s unkempt bed. “We can’t leave without her.” I sat down, gathering her pillow in my arms. Numbness crept up my body, from my toes to the top of my head, but not enough to deaden the pressure rising in my chest and crawling up my throat. 
“Allison…” Dad held his hand up as though trying to keep whatever emotion was overcoming me at bay. “We need to go, honey.” He put a hand on my arm, trying to pull me to my feet.
Something snapped inside of me—whatever was left of me to break. 
“No!” I screamed. “We can’t leave her!” 
Dad tried to console me, wrapping his arms around me. I fought his restraint, screaming Maddie’s name. I don’t recall the details of the next few minutes, though I remember Dad scooping me up in his arms while I continued to sob and fight. Uncle Bill met Dad at the front door, his face alarmed. 
“She’s lost it,” Dad tried to say under his breath, but I heard him perfectly clear.
Lost it. Lost her. 
Lost Maddie—I let her die.
Dad and Uncle Bill continued to restrain me, all while forcefully buckling me into my seat. 
“What should we do?”
“Is she going to be ok?” My sisters’ teary voices echoed beside me from their seated positions in the suburban. Once strapped inside, my thrashing subsided, my face buried against the hard window. I exhaled shuddering breaths, embarrassed and exhausted.
 As we drove through the twists and turns of the canyon and descended the mountain, I kept my eyes to the road, refusing to look back. 



PRESENT





With trembling hands, I closed the notebook. The gnawed pen dropped from my grasp. Flexing my fingers, I rubbed the cramp in my right hand. 
It was done. The lamp on my desk was probably the only light on in the house, since I had written well into the night. With a heavy yawn, I rubbed my eyes, feeling the burn of dried-up tears. 
My counselor, Ms. Carol, didn’t know what she was talking about. Maddie’s story was written down, but it was very much still in my head, festering in a dark part of my soul. It would never be out of my head. 
Not bothering to change into pajamas, I pulled back the covers and fell onto my bed. With a shuddering breath, I laid my aching head onto my pillow, but I was afraid to close my eyes—too afraid that what I had written would be relived in my nightmares. 
I must have succumbed to sleep eventually because someone knocking on the door startled me awake. I trudged across the room and turned the lock. Mom stood there, cell phone in hand. I was glad she didn’t still look mad from last night.
“Sorry, but your father called. He wants to talk to you about something.” Her voice sounded terse, but I knew it wasn’t directed at me.
Groggy, I accepted Mom’s cell phone, taking a moment to flop back onto my bed. With my head against my pillow, I closed my eyes. “Hi, Dad. Why are you calling so early?” 
Our conversation only lasted ten minutes but, by the end of it, I was on my feet, pacing the floor.  My fingernails crept to my mouth, bringing back an old habit that I had kicked years ago. 
Blackmail.
Dad’s “proposal” was plain and simple blackmail. He had received word from the school about my unproductive counseling sessions (and by “received word,” I knew that meant he’d been frequently inquiring, since I didn’t talk to him that often). No doubt, he had also been talking to Mom and my sisters about my well-being, since he referenced how much I was running again. In his words, because I seemed “to be struggling with Maddie’s death,” he insisted that we spend the summer together—but not back in Danville. He wanted me to spend at least a month with him back at Hidden Pines. That wouldn’t sound out of the ordinary, had last summer’s event never occurred. But things had changed, and it was all recorded in that spiral notebook—a collection of pages that now seemed heavier than it looked.
“Are you insane?” I asked, anxiety building in my chest and creeping up my throat. “I’m never going back there.”
“Your reaction is exactly why I want you to come with me,” Dad said. “Before you go off to college, I need to know that you are taking care of yourself—that you’re doing ok, despite what happened.”
I don’t know how many ways I said no, but he refused to budge. Finally, I said, “You can’t make me go. What are you going to do, pull the ‘money card’?” 
There was silence on the other end for too long.
I gasped. “You are, aren’t you? You’re really going to withhold my college funding this year if I don’t go?” 
Dad tried to sugarcoat his response, like he was being a responsible father and blackmailing out of love. “I’m just trying to do what’s best for you. I need to know that you can handle being on your own,” he said again. “Besides, I’d like you, Leah, and Taylor to spend some more time with Clara and Nick anyway.”
Nick would be there, too? Dad couldn’t have planned a worse summer if he’d tried.
My conversation ended with me offering the silent treatment, knowing I had lost. I thought about rebelling and venturing to pay for college on my own—but I also knew that was a stupid move, long-term. A lot of kids would kill to have parents who could afford to send them through college. One month. Maybe I could handle one month. The thought sent me dry heaving over the trashcan beside my desk, thankful, (in between heaves), that last night’s lasagna hadn’t made its way down. 
Rising to my feet, I stared at the full notebook. I opened the cover. Skimming the pages, I noticed how my writing transformed from legible to a frantic scrawl. A tear fell onto Maddie’s name. I watched it leak across the letters. The ink smudged and then began to blur within the droplet of water.
Drowning them.
My chest heaved. I ripped out the first page. And then the second. In a frenzy, I tore the notebook apart, flinging paper across the room until the pieces of last summer lay in a jumbled mess.  
It had been against my will when they tore me from the cabin, thrashing and screaming that we couldn’t leave without Maddie—and now, it was against my will that they were bringing me back. 


 “Rumors” is the first story I’ve written with two very young kids at home, and it was more taxing than I anticipated. To my husband, Dan: Thank you for walking me through the entire storyline and letting me borrow your creative juices when mine were all dried up! The plot belongs to you, and I would still be staring at a blank screen without your advice and insight.  Thanks for being my “Nordell!” Publishing would not be half as fun without you, including your self-proclaimed “shameless promoting” that is both embarrassing and tremendously endearing. 
To my sister, Jen: Thank you for playing by my side during our years of sports together, and thus inspiring “The Collins Trio” relationship, and for nudging the conclusion to “Rumors” in the right direction. 
I am grateful for my mother, my mother-in-law, Sandra, and my babysitter, Maicee, for giving me a break from diapers and tantrums, and allowing me time to write! 
To my CTP team, Rebecca Gober, Marya Heiman, Courtney Nuckels, and Dyan Brown: Your ability to provide individual attention (with your distinct talents) to all of your authors impresses me to no end. Thank you for the challenge to write “Rumors”. We’ll see where we go from here.
Cynthia Shepp, I obviously haven’t learned from my previous grammar lessons from you! I’m appreciative for your knowledge and time—and whether I subconsciously meant to or not, thanks for letting me borrow your name for a character!
To my family, friends, and readers: Thanks for taking a chance on a new author! Your support and positive energy gives me confidence to continue writing. 



Erica Kiefer was born on Christmas Eve in Southern California to an American father whose ancestors arrived from Europe during colonial times and a Thai mother who moved to the US during high school. Adding to her rich and varied heritage, Erica grew up living abroad in Asia, including Taiwan, Fiji, Thailand and Indonesia. She gained a great respect for the beautiful mosaic of cultures found in various parts of the world. After graduating from International School Bangkok, she attended Brigham Young University in Utah, where she earned a degree in Recreation Therapy. Her career as a Recreation Therapist has allowed her to work with at-risk youth since 2007.
Erica made the best decision of her life by marrying her husband in 2005 and is currently a mother of three, one of whom awaits her in heaven. Erica also loves singing, reading, writing, and satisfying her sweet tooth with chocolate-chip cookies.



BY

JENNIFER ANNE DAVIS




For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.



To Nathan
The first in my own personal trilogy
I love you



Mako
Screams of the dying echoed throughout the castle. 
As Mako made his way toward the stairwell, he kept to the shadows cast by the setting sun. A deep, throaty laugh carried down the hall. Mako slid into an empty room, pressing his body flat against the wall next to the door.
“That way,” a man ordered. “This section has already been taken care of. Go to the east wing. Check every room. No one is to be left alive.”
A group of enemy soldiers dressed in battle gear marched past without noticing Mako. They carried weapons—swords and daggers—all dripping with blood. Mako’s fist tightened around the hilt of his sword, his muscles tense and ready to attack. He held his breath and forced himself to remain still instead of charging the soldiers. When the last man stepped around the corner at the end of the hallway, Mako crept out of the room. 
A deafening rumble shook the castle, causing small pieces of the ceiling to cascade down like snow. An hour earlier, the fearless king had led his soldiers to the docks to fight the invading army. A messenger arrived ten minutes ago with news that the king and his sons were dead. As commander, it was Mako’s duty to protect the remaining royal family. 
Mako ran up four flights of stairs and down an empty corridor. At the tapestry depicting a castle shrouded in clouds on a mountaintop, he shoved it aside and entered the secret passageway. Darkness and a musty smell engulfed him. Feeling along the rough walls, he counted as he moved through the tunnel. After thirty paces, he turned left. Then at fifty paces, he stopped. There was supposed to be a door directly to his right. His hands came across splintering wood, and he pushed the door open a couple of inches. Mako peered into the royal wing. It was silent. Slipping out of the passageway, he unsheathed his sword and entered the main sitting room, which was used only by the royal family. 
A baby cried from a room on the right, the sound similar to his daughter’s, making his chest tighten with concern. Were his baby daughter and wife still alive? Or had the enemy gotten to them too? Mako took a shaky breath and progressed toward the doorway, limiting his steps to the rugs and avoiding the stone floor. Glancing inside the room, he realized it was the royal nursery. Mako raised his sword and held it ready, then counted to three and stormed inside.
Movement came from a curtain across the room. “Who’s there?” he demanded. 
The queen stepped out from behind the heavy fabric, her face red, hair wild and untamed. “Commander!” she cried, clutching her wailing baby tight against her chest. “We’re under attack! Where are my husband and sons? Are they all right?”
Unable to look her in the eyes, Mako said, “Queen Kayln, we must get you and the princess into the tunnels.”
Mako took hold of the queen’s elbow and led her back through the passageway. When they reached the stairwell, it was still empty. Mako and the queen hugged the wall while they descended to the first floor, the baby princess squirming in her mother’s arms.  
As they neared his bedchamber, Mako prayed his wife and baby daughter were hiding safely inside. He rounded a corner and saw the door to his quarters hanging open. Bloody footprints led away from his room and down the corridor. 
Mako tensed and forced himself to step through the arched doorway. His wife lay twisted awkwardly on the floor, her glazed eyes staring up at him. Her throat had been slit. Blood pooled around her body, its metallic smell thick in the air. Mako’s legs buckled, and he fell to his knees, feeling for her pulse. It was too late to help her. 
Perhaps no one had noticed his baby daughter, Tabitha, tucked inside her cradle in the corner of the room. Mako ran over to her. The white blanket she was swaddled in was crimson with fresh blood. The baby’s round, chubby face looked peaceful—but a knife with a silver sun on the hilt protruded from her chest. Slipping his large hands under the damp, red cloth, Mako picked Tabitha up, choking back a sob. 
Everyone he loved was gone. He swore to kill those responsible for the blood spilt today.
He placed his daughter back in the cradle, kissing her forehead gently. Then he ran over to his dead wife, kneeling next to her. He closed her eyelids and removed her wedding ring. Tears dripped from his cheek onto her lifeless face.
“I’ll always love you,” he whispered.
A woman screamed and heavy footsteps pounded across the bedchamber directly above, followed by a loud thump. Mako stood, remembering the queen and princess still standing in the corridor. 
“There isn’t much time.” Mako pulled them inside. He closed the door and shoved a dresser in front of it. 
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered, tears streaming down her face. 
Unable to speak, Mako just nodded. The lives of the queen and princess depended on him. He rummaged through his wife’s clothes until he found a brown cloak. 
“Your Majesty, please put this on.”
“No,” the queen answered, her eyes fixated on Tabitha. She squared her shoulders, and then looked at Mako. “Emperor Hamen sent his army to kill us. He won’t stop until they do.”
“I promised the king I would protect you and the princess.”
Her eyes widened. “My husband and sons?” she asked.
“Dead,” Mako confirmed. 
Nodding, the queen said with a weak voice, “Emperor Hamen wants to take over Greenwood Island. He can’t have control until the royal family is dead. Princess Amer and myself are the only ones standing in his way. I have to save her.” Queen Kayln gazed down at her daughter, still crying in her arms. 
Mako nodded. “Emperor Hamen will need a dead baby as proof, and we’ll give him one.” He knelt down on a knee, placing his sword on the ground before him. Mako took the queen’s right hand and lowered his head. 
“Your Majesty, I promise to avenge the royal family’s deaths and preserve the royal line.” He hated these barbarians as much as she did. He would destroy them all and make them pay for what they had done. Mako pressed his lips to the queen’s ruby ring, sealing the promise.
Mako stood and watched the queen. She kissed the princess, and then tenderly laid her down on Mako’s bed. Queen Kayln removed the baby’s blanket and slipped a red velvet pouch out of the bodice of her gown, tucking it under the collar of the princess’s dress. 
“I love you, my darling child. Keep this close to your heart. I’ll always be watching over you.”
With trembling hands, Mako picked up his dead baby and removed the knife, tossing it to the ground as if it were on fire. The queen handed Mako the princess’s royal blanket. He wrapped Tabitha in it, and kissed her forehead like she was still alive.
“Princess Amer is all that is left,” the queen said, wiping her tears. “Even if she never fulfills her duty as ruler of our land, I want her to live.” 
She bent down and pressed her lips to her daughter’s cheek one last time. The baby cried, her tiny hand reaching out and clutching onto the queen’s hair. The queen’s body trembled as she firmly took hold of the loose strand, pulling it free from her daughter’s grasp.
Queen Kayln moved away from the bed. Mako knew it was taking an enormous amount of willpower and love to make the sacrifice she was making.  
“I trust you will fulfill your promise,” the queen said. “Avenge our deaths, and protect my child.”
Mako placed Tabitha in her arms, and she clutched the baby against her chest as if it were her own.
“You have my sworn oath, Your Majesty.” 
Mako shoved the dresser away from the door. The hallway was empty. He nodded and the queen left, running down the corridor with a sense of purpose.
Mako picked up the whimpering princess, swaddling her in one of his brown shirts. He was in survival mode, his jaw set, eyes steely and ready to kill. He pushed his grief aside so he could protect Princess Amer. Using his belt, he strapped her to his chest and put on his riding cape. 
Going to the back of his room, Mako removed the tall mirror from the wall, revealing an entrance to the tunnels. He gripped the hilt of his sword and stepped into darkness.


Rema: Seventeen Years Later
The sun shone bright overhead. Rema leaned forward in the saddle and nudged Snow’s ribs, encouraging him to move faster. The horse practically flew over the deserted dirt path, the surrounding forest zooming past her. One wrong move and she’d collide with a tree.
“Come on!” Rema yelled. Snow responded with a burst of energy. Rema chanced a look back over her shoulder—Bren was a good thirty feet behind.
Snow bolted over the fallen greenwood tree serving as their finish line, and Rema laughed. Slowing Snow to a trot, Rema watched as Bren and his horse thundered past her, kicking up dust.
Bren pulled the reins of his horse and trotted back toward her.
“I can’t believe you won, again. And bareback,” Bren said, shaking his head. “It’s because you’re smaller than me. Snow can run faster with a lighter rider.”
Bren wasn’t much taller than Rema, but he weighed considerably more. He was built just like his father—stocky and strong.
“Yes,” Rema mused, “that must be it. I’m sure it has nothing to do with my well-trained horse and my excellent riding abilities.” 
“You are something else,” Bren chuckled. “Come on, you need to get home before your aunt and uncle realize what we’re doing.” 
Rema knew he was right. Not only was she bareback, but her dress was pulled together between her legs, allowing her to ride like a man. If Uncle Kar ever found out about Rema and Bren’s races, he’d restrict Rema’s riding—the one and only true freedom she had. 
She reached back, making sure her blonde hair was still secure in a knot at the base of her neck. Finding it intact, Rema relaced her hands through Snow’s mane. 
“Race you!” she laughed, kicking her heels into Snow’s ribs. 
It sounded like Bren mumbled, “You’ve got to be kidding,” but Rema couldn’t be sure; she was already flying through the forest again.
Rema and Bren had been friends for as long as she could remember. Their races started when she was ten years old, when Bren had insisted that girls couldn’t ride as well as boys. Of course, Rema couldn’t let him believe this misguided notion, so she challenged him to a race. Rema won by the length of three horses. The two friends had been racing ever since. 
Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya’s land was about a mile from the forest. The dirt road leading into town passed in front of their modest wooden home and the barn and horse pasture were both situated behind it. 
As soon as they entered the pasture, Rema slid off Snow and untied her dress. She reached back and unknotted her hair, letting it fall down around her shoulders. Bren also dismounted.
“Next time we switch horses,” he said, running his hand through his thick, dark hair.
Rema laughed. “It won’t matter. I’ll still win. At some point, you’re just going to have to realize I’m the better rider. Always have been, always will be.” She smiled sweetly.
Bren shook his head and grinned. “Don’t look now, but your Aunt Maya is coming.”
Aunt Maya was wearing one of her nicer dresses, and her gray hair was neatly pulled into a bun. As Aunt Maya neared, her gaze narrowed on Rema. “Why are you out of breath?” 
Not wanting to answer, Rema changed the subject. “Is someone here?” she asked, wondering why her aunt was dressed so nicely.
Maya looked from Rema to Bren, and then back again. “No,” she said. “But we need to talk. Alone.”
Rema was about to say something when she felt Bren tense next to her. His hands fidgeted with his horse reins.
“Well, uh, I better get going,” Bren stammered, not looking in Rema’s direction. He turned and led his horse away, his walk stiff.
Rema’s skin prickled. Something was wrong. Maybe her aunt and uncle had discovered she’d been racing with Bren. Rema had planned to rub down Snow and feed him a treat, but it would have to wait. She released Snow into the pasture, and followed her aunt around the barn and inside the house.
They entered the sitting room, the fire already roaring in the hearth. Four pewter cups sat on the low table. Someone had been there.  
“Have a seat.” Aunt Maya pointed to a chair. Her hands rested on her hips, and she paced back and forth in front of the hearth. 
Rema knew this was serious, that she was in colossal trouble. There was nothing she could say or do to ease the situation. She’d just have to take her punishment. 
Uncle Kar entered the room, a warm smile on his face. He kissed Rema on her head, and then took a seat next to her. He seemed to be in a good mood. Better than usual. Maybe he wasn’t aware of her racing.
Aunt Maya stood still, her eyes locked on Uncle Kar’s. “We need to talk to you, Rema.”
“Yes,” Uncle Kar said. “We have good news.”
Rema hadn’t expected the conversation to begin like this. 
“Bren’s parents paid us a visit,” Uncle Kar said.
Bren never kept secrets from his parents. He must have told them about their races. “I can explain,” she began, ready to concede.
“No need,” Uncle Kar continued. “You and Bren have been friends for a long time. It makes sense. And we approve.”
Rema had no idea what he was talking about. “Excuse me?”
Aunt Maya cleared her throat. “We didn’t sign the marriage contract yet. There’s still a few details to work out.”
“But we expect to have everything in order in the next day or two,” Uncle Kar said.
“What?” Rema shouted, jumping off the chair.
“Didn’t Bren talk to you about this yet?” Aunt Maya asked, crossing her arms. 
“No! He never said anything to me.” This was almost worse than getting in trouble for racing. Bren, her best friend, wanted to marry her? “Do I have a say in this?” Rema asked.
“What do you mean? You and Bren are friends. We thought you’d be happy,” Uncle Kar said, his brow creasing in confusion. 
“Happy? To marry a friend! I don’t want to. I won’t do it.” She had no intention of tying herself permanently to any man. 
“Rema,” Maya said, exasperated. “You are seventeen years old. Bren is eighteen. It’s time, and the match makes sense. We don’t really have any other options.”
Rema wanted to scream. “So you won’t even consider my wishes regarding the matter?” 
“I’m sorry, dear. We thought you’d be pleased with the match.” Uncle Kar stood, reaching for her.
Rema was most definitely not pleased. She was anything but pleased. Clutching her hands into fists, Rema forced back tears and moved away from her uncle. The walls felt like they were spinning, and it became difficult to breathe. Run. She needed to run. 
“After you’ve had some time to think about it, I’m sure you’ll see things clearly,” Aunt Maya said.
“Yes, I understand,” Rema mumbled. She was going to have to marry Bren, regardless of what she wanted. “I’m going out for some fresh air.”
Rema forced herself to walk calmly out the door, but as soon as her boots stepped onto the dirt, she took off, sprinting toward the forest.


Darmik
A heavy fog coated the land as Commander Darmik and his squad neared the governor of Jarko’s fortress. Their presence was noticed, and the front gate to the castle opened as they arrived. Servants exited, preparing to greet their prince. 
Darmik scanned the surrounding land. Nothing looked amiss. Pulling his horse to a halt, he dismounted. 
Prince Lennek strolled out the front entrance. The governor, Lord Filmar, was nowhere in sight. “Darmik.” Lennek’s lips curled into a smile, but his eyes narrowed at the squad of twenty men. “What are you doing here?” He stretched his arms open and embraced his brother.
“Good to see you, Lennek. It’s been a long time.” 
Lennek released him. “Checking up on me?” He chuckled.
Darmik didn’t answer. Instead, he pulled off his riding gloves. His visit had one purpose—to discover what his brother was up to. Lennek didn’t leave their father’s castle often, let alone King’s City. 
Lennek’s personal steward, Arnek, stepped forward. “Your Highness, will you be joining us for dinner?”  
“Yes,” Darmik answered. Arnek’s nose twitched, then he bowed and dismissed the servants. 
Darmik went to his corporal and whispered instructions for the soldiers to setup camp just outside of the town, hidden in the forest. He’d find them when he was ready to leave.
The brothers were finally alone.
“Care to tell me what’s going on?” Darmik asked.
“No,” Lennek whispered, leaning in close. “It’s none of your business, little brother.” Then he spun and entered the castle, without looking back to see if Darmik followed. 
The castle was similar to the other governors’ homes, yet it lacked some of the opulence. Of course, Jarko was the smallest region, the least important in the kingdom in terms of land and politics. For Lennek to come here, of all places, there had to be a good reason.
Greenwood Island was divided into seven regions, each overseen by a governor, appointed by the king, based on loyalty. The king reigned over it all. The kingdom was restructured this way shortly after the takeover seventeen years ago. 
“How long do you plan on staying here?” Darmik asked, jogging to catch up to his brother.
Lennek shrugged his shoulders. “Until I’m bored.” 
“I didn’t realize you and Lord Filmar were close,” Darmik said. “Where is he anyway?” Lord Filmar was an older gentleman known for being levelheaded and set in his ways—quite the opposite of Lennek. 
Lennek rolled his eyes and led Darmik into a quaint sitting room. There were three settees and a low table in the center. Books lined one wall, and portraits of the governor and his family filled another.
“I don’t know, nor do I care,” Lennek smirked. “We’re not friends by any means. I simply wanted a vacation, and this is the furthest place from Father’s castle.”
“Ah,” Darmik said. Then King Barjon and Lennek had had a falling out. Darmik’s worry and panic had been for nothing. 
Lennek spun and faced Darmik, cocking his head. “Did Father send you?” he questioned.
“No. I was passing nearby when word came that you were here. I thought I’d stop in and see you. That’s all,” Darmik said, trying to placate his brother. He wasn’t about to admit that the only reason he was here was to discover what his brother was really up to.
Lennek laughed. “You have got to be kidding. You, on a break? I don’t believe it.” He flopped down on the settee. “Everything you do has a purpose,” he snapped. “You’re here because you don’t trust me.”
“Of course I don’t,” Darmik murmured. 
“You may not trust me, but you must obey me. And I want you gone tomorrow.” Lennek waved his hand in the air. “This is supposed to be a vacation, and there’s no way I can have any fun with you around.” His eyes darkened, and he unleashed the full force of his gaze on Darmik. “You ruin everything you touch,” he spat.
Moving to the window, Darmik gripped the wooden frame, keeping his temper in check. There were probably servants lurking in the corridors. The window overlooked the governor’s pasture to the north of the property. Several horses roamed the land. Taking a deep breath, Darmik said, “I’m going hunting. Want to come?”
Lennek snorted. “Most definitely not.”
Good, Darmik thought. He didn’t really want to spend any time with his brother, and he needed to relax before his temper flared, and he pummeled Lennek to the floor.
Laughter filled the hallway, and several young ladies walked by. They were bedecked head to toe in the latest court fashion, but Darmik didn’t recognize any of them. They had to be the local nobles. Darmik raised his eyebrows. “Friends of yours?” he asked.
Standing, Lennek straightened his tunic and smiled. “Every girl’s a friend of mine. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some entertainment planned. And you’re not invited.” He strolled out of the room with a smirk plastered on his face.
Darmik had been so sure Lennek was up to something, but this was nothing more than a pity party, filled with drinking and girls. And all because Father had yelled at him. Typical. Darmik had no desire to sit in the castle all day, listening to Lennek’s indiscretions. He would leave tomorrow. There was nothing to discover here. Lennek wasn’t up to some devious political maneuvering. No, he was too wrapped up in his own personal satisfaction. Darmik needed to stop being so paranoid. 
After changing into his hunting gear, Darmik headed west on foot into the woods. It was so rare he was ever alone that he wanted to take advantage of the opportunity. He traveled several miles until he was in safe hunting territory. 
The trees were dense, barely a few feet apart. Several boulders were scattered near the bottom of a small rise, moss covering them. Darmik found a small space between two and crouched down, waiting. The forest animals were still. Darmik nocked an arrow and raised his bow, steadying it. 
A twig snapped and something raced through the forest, dodging trees. Darmik was about to release the arrow when he realized it wasn’t an animal that bolted through the trees like lightning. Instead, blonde hair flew, and a gray dress flashed like a beacon against the moss-covered trunks and green leaves. 
Then she was gone. Darmik scanned the surrounding area, looking for who, or what, pursued her. All was quiet. 
Driven by a surge of intrigue, Darmik took off after her, keeping his bow in hand. She ran fast, but he was easily able to follow her blatant trail of broken twigs until it suddenly ended. 
Skidding to a halt, Darmik’s right foot slid to the edge of the cliff, sending a shower of leaves raining over the side. He backed away and looked down. A dark river flowed twenty-five feet below. There was no sign of the girl. He put the arrow in his quiver and secured the bow to his back.
Searching along the edge, Darmik found a steep, dirt trail leading down the hill. The soil was rich and soft, forcing him to focus on his footing. Several times Darmik slid, but caught himself. When he finally reached the bottom, he found the girl lying on the bank next to the water, soaking wet. He ran over and knelt down beside her to see if she was hurt. Her dress looked homemade, indicating she was from the lower class.
The girl’s eyes flew open. They were brilliant like the sea. Her hair was the color of hay, only silky instead of stiff and rough. Darmik wanted to touch it, just to be sure. The girl’s wet, gray dress clung to her body, her bosom heaving up and down from running. Darmik had seen blue eyes and blonde hair before, but that was in Emperion. He couldn’t help but stare. 
“Who are you?” she demanded. Her eyes darted to the bow and arrows on his back.
How could she not know who he was? Then Darmik remembered he was wearing plain, brown clothing that covered his arms and neck, instead of his blue tunic that exposed his royal markings.
“Are you well?” he countered.
Her face lit up as she smiled, clearly unharmed. “Of course I am. Why do you ask?” She raised her eyebrows, waiting for his response. 
“It’s just that—I saw you go off the edge. Did you fall?” Darmik asked. She was drenched, but there was no way a girl would voluntarily jump, especially from so high up. And she couldn’t have climbed down that fast.
“Fall?” She laughed, the sound harsh. “No, I dove.” She gave Darmik a confident look that implied it should’ve been obvious. Her voice was clear, speech articulate, surprising him.
Darmik stared at her. Had she been trying to kill herself?
“For fun,” she clarified. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to be left alone.”
Since the king forbade travel between the seven regions in the kingdom, all citizens were required to be tattooed at birth with their region’s emblem. Darmik glanced down at her arms. On her left wrist, she bore the black tattoo of Jarko—a curved stalk of wheat with a sword down the center. On her right wrist, she wore her brown, leather identification band, but Darmik couldn’t read it from this angle.
“Let me see your band,” he demanded.
The girl bit her bottom lip, hesitating. She had no choice in the matter. When a man, no matter who that man was, asked to see a female’s band, she had to adhere to his command. 
She lifted her right arm, holding it suspended in the air. Darmik took hold of her hand with care. As he read the information, his thumb gently traced the edge of the leather bracelet. 
“Tabitha, seventeen years old, niece of Kar and Maya, not yet married or engaged.”
Tabitha jerked her hand free.
Uncertain what to say, Darmik focused on the top of the cliff. The jump was difficult. Why, he wondered, would anyone attempt it? Several trees lined the riverbank, and it appeared there was only a five-foot section of the cliff from which to jump safely. The water flowed smoothly, indicating no rocks hidden below the surface. Still, it was too dangerous to attempt. Darmik looked back to the girl. Little drops of water ran down her face. 
“Is there something I can do for you?” she asked, no longer amused.
Darmik tore his eyes away from her and scanned the surrounding area. “No, I was out hunting when I saw you disappear over the cliff.” He wasn’t used to explaining himself. “Can I escort you somewhere?” He was reluctant to leave her alone in a forest full of wild animals. At least, that’s what he told himself. He didn’t want to acknowledge it was something else—that she was unlike anyone he had ever met before.
Tabitha rose abruptly. Her dress was plastered around her legs, her hair muddy from lying on the riverbank. Darmik stood and offered her his hand for support. Instead, she crossed her arms. The girl was taller than he realized, coming up to his chin. 
“I can take care of myself.” Her face, although beautiful, was pinched with worry, and her eyes were glassy and red. He’d been so overwhelmed with how blue her eyes were that he’d failed to notice she’d been crying. “I don’t need a man.” The girl’s hands balled into fists.
“Prince Darmik!” A shout rang from above. Before he had left, Darmik told Lennek’s guard to leave him alone. The only way they would be in the forest was if they were accompanying Lennek. And there was no way Lennek could see this girl. 
Staring at him fiercely, she asked, “Prince? That makes the king your father.” Darmik nodded. “Are you the commander of the King’s Army?” It sounded more like an accusation than a question, and she didn’t kneel as protocol demanded. Her eyes focused on his neck, probably trying to see his royal tattoos—but they were covered by the tunic.
Darmik felt like a hunter come upon a new animal that he didn’t know what to do with. Friend or foe? Would the animal attack or run away?
 “Yes, and my older brother, Prince Lennek, draws near,” Darmik warned. “I strongly suggest you leave—now.”
She studied him for a moment, like she was trying to decide if she could trust him. “The Crown Prince?” she asked.
Darmik nodded. There was a flicker of fear across her face, and she took a step back, away from him. Then she flashed him a bright smile and took off running, although a little slower this time, hindered by the heavy, wet dress.


Rema
Rema’s side cramped from running, but she couldn’t stop. If the princes were in the forest, then soldiers were nearby, and Aunt Maya had warned Rema enough times to steer clear of the army. If only Rema had ridden Snow, but she thought the walk would be good after her aunt and uncle broke the news about her upcoming marriage to Bren. Now she was stuck jogging in a bulky, wet dress—her mind no clearer than when she set out. 
Stumbling around the back of the barn, Rema bent over, breathing hard.
“There you are,” Aunt Maya said, holding a bucket of water. Her eyebrows rose in disbelief as she scanned Rema from head to toe.  
Rema had hoped to make it inside before anyone saw her.
“Why are you all wet?”
“I saw a rock at the edge of the river with bands of color and a crystal at one end. I reached for it and slipped, falling into the water. But I’m fine.” She hated to lie, but if her aunt and uncle discovered that most of her forest adventures included a dive from a cliff, she’d never be allowed to go again—at least not alone. 
Jumping into the Somer River was something Rema had been doing since she was eight years old. Whenever she felt caged or trapped, she went to her special place deep inside the woods. Rema still remembered the first time she did it. Standing at the cliff, gazing down, she had no idea if the water was deep enough, or even if the current was too strong for her to handle. All Rema could focus on was the fact that her aunt and uncle wouldn’t let her go into town or attend the weekly market, and she desperately wanted to do something they wouldn’t approve of. So Rema jumped, oblivious to the fact that she could get hurt or die. 
The thrill of falling stole her breath away. For those couple of seconds, all her worries vanished, and there was nothing except the freedom of flying through the air. When Rema hit the water for that first time, a brief moment of panic arose as she frantically kicked and broke the surface, gasping for a breath, but that didn’t stop her from doing it again. Through the years, Rema had jumped countless times—each still as breathtaking and exciting as the first.
“You fell?” Aunt Maya asked. Rema nodded. “That must have been some fall. You better get inside and change your dress before Bren and his family arrives. Put on something presentable. We can’t afford to lose this match.” Aunt Maya spun and headed toward the back door of the house, water sloshing over the side of the bucket she carried.
“I still don’t understand why I have to marry Bren,” Rema called after her. Bren was her only friend. A marriage to him would be awkward. She’d never even looked at him or thought of him as a possible husband.
“Not this again,” Aunt Maya’s voice broke. She stopped walking, but kept her back to Rema. “Please go inside and change.”
“I’m not ready to get married,” Rema admitted.
Aunt Maya shook her head and left without another word.
Rema kicked the side of the barn. Usually diving into the Somer River put her mind to rest. But not today. 
Bren’s family owned the farm next to their land. Rema couldn’t imagine being a farmer’s wife. She longed for the opportunity to see Greenwood Island, but that would never happen since the king restricted all travel outside of one’s region. Rema hadn’t even been to any other areas in Jarko besides her small town. 
And now, she was likely to go nowhere.
Rema supposed she saw a little of the outside world today when she ran into Prince Darmik. Her cheeks warmed just thinking about him. He wasn’t what she expected. He seemed too young to command an entire army. From her studies, she knew that he was nineteen, but until today, she pictured him in his thirties or forties with long, gray hair, and a stiff, gray beard. How wrong she had been. 
Like everyone else on the island, he had black hair and brown eyes. His hair was cut just above his shoulders, and his voice was kind. She hadn’t expected that. Everyone knew the king was evil and his heir, Prince Lennek, was only too willing to follow in his father’s footsteps. But Darmik gave the impression that he was different. He had warned her Prince Lennek was coming and afforded her the opportunity to slip away unnoticed. However, the army was known for being ruthless, and Darmik did control the army. So why did he help her?
Rema shook her head, trying to clear it. She couldn’t afford to think of Prince Darmik that way. She needed to get inside before Bren’s family arrived to finalize the dowry and sign the marriage contract to a wedding that would most likely take place next month. 
Just like one of her uncle’s horses, she was to be bought and sold.
****
“Why do you want to marry me, Bren?” Rema stopped walking and scrutinized his eyes, searching for the answer.
Bren laughed. They had traveled about a half-mile into the woods for some privacy from their families, who were still inside finalizing the wedding contract.
“We all have to marry, Rema. The king demands it. Why not marry a friend?” He tore a leaf from the low-hanging branch of a tree and twirled it between his fingers.
But Bren had other friends. He went to the market in town, and he knew most of the people that lived in the area. 
“Are you happy to be taking over for your father?” Rema asked.
“I’ve been planning on it my entire life. It’s what’s expected.” Throwing the leaf on the ground, he examined her, like he was trying to decipher what she was really getting at.
“So, no then,” she mumbled.
“If I could do anything, would I be a farmer? Is that what you’re asking?” His deep voice sounded loud in the quiet forest.
“Yes.”
“I don’t know,” he answered. “But I have to be realistic, Rema. It’s a good holding. I’ll make enough money to take care of you. We’ll have a home to live in. All I need is someone to share my life with.” Bren appeared agitated. Rema couldn’t help but smile at the way his lip protruded, his hands clenched in fists resting on his hips, and eyebrows bent inward. He was a handsome man with his black hair and dark eyes. Bren had wide shoulders and strong muscles from working on the farm. Rema knew other girls were attracted to him, but it wasn’t like that between the two of them.
Not wanting to upset her husband-to-be, Rema reached out and stroked his arm until his shoulders relaxed and the tense look on his face disappeared. “But why me?” she whispered.
He gently took both her hands in his. “Because you’re my friend. And you’re beautiful, a hard worker, and strong. You’ll do well on the farm.”
Bren’s thumb traced Rema’s band, and she recalled Prince Darmik. He had held her hand delicately, his fingers swirling softly over the marks on her band. Rema shivered. Bren’s hands, by comparison, were warm and sweaty.
Bren stared at her, but she had nothing to say that wouldn’t irritate him and cause a debate between the two of them. Normally that was something she wouldn’t mind doing, but not with both of their families in the house awaiting their return. Instead, she said, “We better get back.” Rema tugged her hands from his and walked toward the house. Bren silently followed.
“Don’t you want to marry me?” he asked.
She stiffened but kept walking so he wouldn’t see her face. 
“It isn’t that,” she stammered. What could she say that wouldn’t hurt his feelings, and yet, still allow her to be honest? “It’s just that...I hadn’t expected to marry so soon. There are some things I want to do before I tie myself to another person.” 
That was hard for her to admit out loud. She continued walking without glancing back.
As a child, she had rarely left the house. Aunt Maya educated Rema at home, and all of her free time was spent helping with the horses. The older she got, the more Rema’s aunt and uncle allowed her brief moments of solitude in the forest, but never in town and never around other people. She always assumed that one day, when she was an adult, she would be able to do all the things she had dreamed about while growing up. It appeared that time would never come.
For a moment, it was silent. Bren must have stopped, but seconds later, she heard the sound of tall grass against fabric as Bren matched her pace, grabbing her hand and bringing her to a stop. “Marrying isn’t the end of your dreams, Rema. Before we have children, we can travel a bit. Of course, it will have to be after the harvest. But I’m sure we can manage to do something. Then, once you have some babies, you’ll be so busy with them and the farm that you won’t want to go anywhere. Besides, it’s not like the king will ever allow us to leave Jarko anyway.” 
Bren raised his left arm, revealing his black tattoo. Rema wanted to tear the mark from her wrist. She wasn’t meant to be kept in a pen like an animal. His arm dropped to his side, and Rema dared a quick glance at his face. Just as she feared, it was there—the look. Honesty, love, vulnerability, all mixed together, clear as day.
Rema’s head pounded, and she gasped for air. Have children? Run a farm? She wasn’t ready for all of this. It was too much too soon.
She pulled away from Bren and continued walking. The sun had set and darkness descended upon them as they crossed back into the horse pasture. Rema caught a glimpse of two figures next to the barn. It had to be Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar. She went to see what they were doing outside, while Bren’s parents were still inside. When she got closer, Rema realized they were arguing. They never argued. 
“What if he shows up? What then?” Aunt Maya sounded desperate.
“We haven’t heard from him in three years. Something must have happened, and you know the contingency plan.”
Rema slid into the shadows to listen as Bren went inside, shaking his head in disapproval, apparently too good to eavesdrop. 
“But he made us promise, Kar. We told him we wouldn’t let her marry. Yet here we are, with a signed contract.”
Uncle Kar paced along the side of the barn. “Are we supposed to wait forever? What if he never comes back, and then Rema’s too old to marry? Besides, what if she’s noticed? It’s risky not to have a solid contract.” His hands waved through the air in agitation. 
Rema wondered who they were talking about. Another potential suitor?
“I still think we should wait longer. The wedding doesn’t have to happen next month,” Aunt Maya pleaded.
“We don’t have that luxury. Now, not another word. We need to be done with this.” Uncle Kar stomped back into the house with Aunt Maya rushing behind him. Rema’s anxious ears were left wanting more.
****
“I know you’re not happy about the situation, Rema,” Uncle Kar said, tightening his hands around the reins of the horses. 
Sitting as far away from her uncle on the wagon as she could, Rema intended to ignore him so she could be alone with her thoughts. He didn’t take the hint. 
“But Bren’s an honorable man. He’ll be good to you. Take care of you.” 
The day was still young, with a damp fog covering the land, preventing the horses from kicking up dust, although it was still a little cold. Rema pulled her brown, knitted shawl tightly around her shoulders. They traveled on a well-used road that went straight through the thick forest to the main town, past the governor of Jarko’s fortress, and beyond. It was not far from this very road that Rema ran into Prince Darmik. Her eyes darted between the trees, searching the shadows for the mysterious commander who had held her hand so sweetly.  
The wagon hit a rock, pulling her back to the task at hand. A messenger had arrived last night, stating that Lord Filmar needed an exceptional horse delivered immediately. Uncle Kar selected one of Rema’s favorite horses. Not only was the stallion strong and beautiful, but it was stubborn, sometimes difficult to manage, and unbelievably fast, making him Uncle Kar’s first pick. Rema hated to see the stallion sold, but Uncle Kar had no choice—it was worth too much to keep.
“Besides,” he continued, “you’re friends. That should make things easier,” he said, sounding like he was trying to convince even himself of the match. Rema shot him a look of steel. 
“If something happens to your aunt or me, I need to know you’re taken care of,” he said. 
Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar were always kind to Rema, treating her well, and she was never forced to do anything she didn’t want to—until now. Rema turned away from him, unable to bear the pain on his face. 
Her aunt and uncle were getting old. They were beyond their childbearing years when they took her in after her parents died in the takeover. Uncle Kar’s hair was gray, along with his beard. He was tall and rather strong for his age. Rema assumed it was from lifting bales of hay, buckets of water, and working with horses on a daily basis. But Uncle Kar also had several scars on his arms above the tattoo on his wrist, and she wondered if he had ever been a soldier. When Rema asked him about it once, he told her that it was a long time ago, and he didn’t want to talk about before. 
Rema thought of Prince Darmik. When he had reached out to her on the riverbank, she noticed a scar starting at his knuckles and running up under his tunic. Next to his lips was another one. The commander of a lethal army was bound to be covered with battle wounds.
“I can take care of myself,” she declared.
“No doubt. But there are other factors that need to be considered. Things you couldn’t possibly understand.” 
“Because I’m a girl or because I’m too young?” she asked.
“You’re not too young. You’re of marriageable age. If you don’t marry soon, people will start to wonder. We can’t attract the attention, especially with the way you look.” His eyes focused on the dirt road in front of them, carefully avoiding her.
Well, she couldn’t help the way she looked. Everyone on Greenwood Island had golden, tanned skin, dark hair, and brown eyes—even her aunt and uncle. Rema never came across anyone with pale coloring and blonde hair like her own. When Rema asked Aunt Maya about it once, Aunt Maya told Rema not to worry. Then Maya got up and left the room, ending their conversation on the matter.
Glancing at Uncle Kar, Rema wondered what people he was referring to anyway? The town near their land was small. She never came into contact with anyone. If anything, her aunt and uncle prevented her from interacting with others. The only reason she was friends with Bren was because his father’s land was next to theirs.
Rema didn’t say anything else because there was nothing else to say, no way out of her predicament. If only she felt the need to settle down, marry, and be a farmer’s wife. But it didn’t feel right to her. She longed to run away and see the kingdom—to experience all that it had to offer.
Uncle Kar reached over and patted her shoulder. His hand was sun-browned and leathery, like the horse reins he held. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. “This isn’t what any of us planned. But it’s the best we can do, given the circumstances.”
Rema didn’t even try to understand him. The wagon trudged on. The beautiful horse they were delivering whinnied behind them. The irony wasn’t lost on her. 


Darmik
“Commander, your horse has arrived,” the steward announced. 
Darmik nodded, dismissing him.
After scanning the rest of the report from Lord Lemar, the governor of Telan, Darmik was glad he was leaving Jarko today. The situation in Telan was worse than he had originally thought, and he needed to see firsthand what was going on there. 
His new horse better be fast. Darmik’s previous horse went lame, forcing him to leave it with a horse healer back in Mullen. In his haste to see what his brother was up to in Jarko, Darmik took a spare horse from his cavalry, but it was too small and slow for his liking. Over dinner yesterday, Lord Filmar spoke highly of a local horse breeder, stating that he was exceptional at producing warhorses. An order for the fastest horse on hand was delivered last night. 
Walking down the corridor, he glanced outside. The land on the south side of Greenwood Island was beautiful, especially here, where the hills were covered with trees, and the ground was coated with rich, green grass. Lord Filmar, however, had cleared the area surrounding his castle to avoid being taken by surprise. He was wise to be extra vigilant, as it did offer excellent views of the surrounding area—and an excellent view of a midnight-black horse thundering across the land. 
Darmik froze, captivated by the sight before him. Chasing the wild horse was a girl with blonde hair. Even though she wore a plain, brown dress, the girl stood out, like the horse—both wild and untamed. It had to be Tabitha, the girl from yesterday. Her coloring was so rare on Greenwood Island.  
Tabitha stopped running and held her body perfectly still, like the stem of a rose, while her hair danced in the wind like its leaves. The horse ran and bucked until he realized he no longer had a pursuer. Stopping, the stallion searched until he found her. Then he ran full speed toward Tabitha, his ears back. She never flinched. The horse stopped three feet away and snorted. She held out her hand, revealing a red apple on her palm. The stallion’s nostrils flared, smelling the air. It cautiously moved closer until it was only inches from her hand. 
Darmik saw Tabitha’s mouth move as she scratched the horse between his eyes. Then she took a couple of bites of the apple and spit them onto her palm. The horse ate the pieces while Darmik watched her grin from her victory. As she started inching her way toward the stables, the stallion followed, eating from her hand. 
Darmik had to talk to her again. He ran to the back of the stables, hoping to catch her alone. He rounded the corner, slamming into her, knocking her to the ground. Big, round sapphire eyes looked up at him.
“I’m sorry,” Darmik stammered, reaching down to help her up. “I didn’t realize you were there.”
“Prince Darmik.” She politely nodded, getting to her feet on her own. Her eyes quickly scanned him from head to toe, lingering on his royal markings, which covered his neck and shoulders. The black stallion whinnied and ran away from them. Tabitha sighed, exasperated. “What are you doing here?”
“Um.” He wasn’t usually at a loss of words, but there was something about her piercing gaze that made him forget what he was doing. She cleared her throat and brushed the dirt from her dress.
“Sorry about that.” He pointed to her, indicating the collision. Her eyes darted behind him. Darmik glanced back, but no one was there. “Are you looking for someone?” he asked.
“My uncle. He’s waiting for me. We just came to deliver this horse.” She waved her hand toward the black stallion grazing nearby.
Tabitha certainly was bold, and far more interesting than any of the nobles Darmik had ever met. But then again, she wasn’t from the noble class—she was from the merchant class. Still, she stood out as if she didn’t belong to anyone or anything.
“Tabitha?” He took a step toward her, wanting to get closer.
“That’s not my name,” she stated. 
“Excuse me?” He remembered her band: Tabitha, seventeen years old, niece of Kar and Maya, not yet married or engaged.
“Aren’t you the commander of the King’s Army?” she asked. Darmik nodded. “Don’t you have an army to run? Or do you only hunt and mosey about, pretending to be of use to the kingdom? I thought King Barjon would manage to keep you busier.”
Was she serious? Nobody had ever spoken to him in such a manner.
“Well,” he began to answer, but she started laughing.
“I go by Rema.” She held out her hand in greeting. 
Darmik never shook hands with anyone. Even though he was the commander of the army, he was also a prince, and his men addressed him as such. Shaking hands was for commoners. Her pale hand remained suspended in air, waiting for him.
His hand slid into hers. “Prince Darmik,” he responded, shaking her warm hand, eager for the chance to touch her again.
“I got that part.” Rema smiled. Her breath smelled sweet, like apples. She tried pulling her hand from his, but he refused to release her. 
“Let me escort you inside the stables.” Darmik put her hand on his arm. She seemed reluctant at first, but he pulled her along toward the front of the stables, not giving her a chance to refuse. “Do you live nearby?” he asked.
“Yes.”
When she didn’t elaborate, he forged on. “I haven’t seen blonde hair very often. Does your mother have the same coloring?” As soon as he asked the question, he knew he’d made an error. Her body tensed. He looked down at her, remembering her band said she lived with her aunt and uncle. Rema shook her head, refusing to answer. 
Afraid he’d offended her, he continued. “I’ve traveled to Emperion. Almost everyone there has blonde hair and blue eyes.” 
“You’ve been to Emperion?” she asked, squeezing his arm. 
“Yes. For training.”
Rema’s eyes widened. “Tell me about it,” she demanded. Darmik smiled in response to her excitement.
“Rema!” a stable hand yelled. 
“I forgot about my uncle,” Rema said. “He’s waiting for me. I have to go.” She jerked her hand away from Darmik’s arm and spun around, heading back the way they came. Rema glanced over her shoulder and smiled at him. Then she rounded the corner and disappeared.
Not ready for her to go, Darmik jogged after her. Nearing the corner, he heard the boy say, “We’ll miss seeing you, Rema.” Darmik turned the corner and saw the stable hand holding a pitchfork, his face bright red. “You have such a way with the horses,” the boy stammered.
“I’m getting married, not dying.” She smiled mischievously. “You’ll see me again.” 
“Rema,” Darmik couldn’t help himself. “You’re engaged?”
The stable hand dropped to one knee and bowed his head.
Rema’s smile vanished. Standing just behind her, next to the stables, was an older man. The elderly man’s eyes moved from Darmik to Rema and back again. His face lost all color as he knelt on the ground. Darmik assumed this was Rema’s uncle.  
Rema’s eyes bore into Darmik’s. “Yes, Prince Darmik,” she answered, kneeling before him. “I am engaged,” she replied softly. “The signed contract was delivered to Lord Filmar today. My band is going to be marked tomorrow.”
Darmik was about to reply when a flicker to his left caught his attention. His brother, Prince Lennek, stood just inside the stables with a devious smile. Darmik prayed he hadn’t drawn any attention to Rema. Lennek leaned against the wall, watching.
“You’re dismissed,” Darmik said, trying to sound nonchalant. He moved past Rema, into the stables. Seconds later, Darmik heard the sound of a wagon pulled by horses, and Rema was gone.
Lennek sauntered over to him. “She was beautiful, in a wild sort of way,” he mused. “She looks like a bit of a challenge.” He cocked an eyebrow. “Might be fun though. And you know how much I love a challenge.” 
Darmik had the urge to punch that smirk off his brother’s face. Lennek always knew which buttons to push. Anytime Darmik was interested in something, Lennek had to have it, whether he wanted it or not, just to prove he was better.
Darmik drew in a deep breath, smelling horse sweat and sweet hay. He couldn’t dismiss Rema—Lennek was too smart and perceptive. “Blonde hair is so rare that I found her appearance interesting. Not my type though. Not only is she a commoner, but she’s engaged.”
Lennek’s eyes sparkled. “Definitely a challenge.”
“Laws are laws, Lennek. Some not even you can break.”
“No,” he laughed, “but there are always ways around them.” Lennek strolled out of the stables.
Darmik’s hands curled into fists, and he forced himself to keep his feet rooted in place. This was typical of Lennek, pushing Darmik’s buttons just for fun. Darmik needed to be rational. It wasn’t like Lennek would go after Rema just to get to him. That would require too much work, something Lennek wouldn’t do unless instant gratification was involved. 
Once Lennek was out of sight, Darmik left and found the stallion. He was beautiful, and Darmik remembered his father having one similar to it when they first arrived on Greenwood Island. Darmik was just two years old when his father invaded and took over the kingdom. His mother had died in childbirth, and his father was always busy. It was natural for Darmik to turn to his brother, who was only three years older. But Darmik physically excelled in all that he did, and everything between the brothers became a contest. Who was the better swordsman, the fastest runner, the stronger fighter? And when Darmik started consistently beating his older brother at everything, Lennek refused to compete physically, and instead, found other ways to prove his worth. 
When Darmik was ten, the king explained that Lennek was born to lead and was the heir to the kingdom that they controlled, and it was Darmik’s duty to protect his father and his brother, no matter what. 
At thirteen, Darmik began his training as a soldier. At sixteen, he became an officer. By eighteen, he led the entire army. The position of commander was of great prestige and importance where they came from. Usually someone much older held the position, someone who earned it and worked his way up. However, the king wanted to ensure loyalty from his army, and what better way than to put his son at the head of it?
****
The black stallion was exceptionally fast. Darmik rode it hard for three days, and the horse showed no signs of fatigue. The only problem with the animal was that it reminded him of Rema. Darmik pictured her jumping from the cliff into the river below, holding her soft hand on his arm, and Lennek ruining it all with the way he mocked the laws, saying, “There are always ways around them.” So now, even Darmik’s memories of Rema were tainted by Lennek. Did he have to destroy everything?
“Commander,” the corporal said. “The city is in sight.”
“Thank you. Ready your men.”
The corporal nodded and gave the order for his men to stop and dismount. They set up camp while Darmik and three of the soldiers changed into plain, merchant clothes, hiding their weapons and uniforms in their saddlebags.
“Listen up!” Darmik yelled. All twenty soldiers turned to him. “I’m going in with three men to assess the situation in Telan. The governor said that things are becoming violent. We will not take any action today. Understood?” Everyone nodded. “Good. I’ll be back here tomorrow before sunrise. Be ready to move out.”
Darmik and three soldiers mounted and rode toward the city, choosing to enter from the western side. 
Maintaining control in the region of Telan was vital. Telan was in the center of the kingdom, extending from the base of the Middle Mountains all the way to the Great Bay. The governor resided in Usavo, the largest city in Telan.
After the invasion of Greenwood Island seventeen years ago, there had been great civil unrest. The people had fought the invading army valiantly, for not only were they insanely loyal to the royal family, but they loved and respected them. And Darmik’s father had killed them all. The king, queen, two princes, one princess, and every single relative had been murdered. The royal bloodline was extinct. 
The tentative peace that besotted the kingdom for the previous decade was rapidly fading. During the past year, Darmik saw a shift from a quiet, obedient kingdom to one on the brink of war. People were hungry; times were bad. Darmik wanted a strong presence to intimidate the local populace, and in turn, keep control. He even made an example out of a few civilians. Yet, when his father refused to listen to reason and continued to raise taxes and oppress the governors, of course the people rebelled. There was only so much they could handle, and only so much Darmik could do to keep the peace.
Darmik and his men entered the city from one of the many side streets. There were several wood buildings, all built side by side with no room in between. Each structure was rundown with missing windows and peeling plaster. Most were two stories tall, housing several families. 
The horses’ hooves echoed on the cobblestone roads. It was quiet—too quiet. Darmik glanced in the windows and down alleys, looking for people, wondering where everyone was.
After several blocks, Darmik estimated they were close to the center of the city. He guessed that’s where people were gathered. Darmik made sure he kept a two-block buffer from the town square and then headed north, parallel to it.
A sound erupted, a hum similar to a swarm of bees. The humming grew in volume until Darmik realized the noise was a crowd of people. The noise came from the main street to his right. Passing a crossroad, Darmik saw several people standing at the end of the street. They looked like merchants and workers crammed together, trying to hear what someone up ahead was saying. Dismounting, Darmik jogged down an alley and peered over the heads of the crowd to discover who they were listening to. 
In the center of the town square, a man in his fifties with clean, snug-fitting clothes was standing on a wood crate. Obviously, he wasn’t starving like so many around him.
“It’s time for change!” the man yelled. “Is your family suffering from hunger?” he continued. “Are your living conditions insufferable? Are you working hard but giving your earnings away to the king?” Everyone screamed “yes” in agreement. “I ask you this—what right does the king have to even be ruling us? Why does he decide how I live?” The crowd cheered. The man raised his hands to quiet everyone down. 
“Civilians, do you remember before?” Silence fell over the people. No one ever talked about before. “The rightful rulers were just, fair, and listened to the people. We had a say.” Everyone around Darmik mumbled to one another. The speaker continued, “There wasn’t an army patrolling our lands, threatening and killing the people. We weren’t branded and tagged like animals.”
Darmik slowly backed up and rejoined his men. The horses were skittish, sensing the crowd’s tension.
“Let’s get moving,” Darmik said, mounting his horse. “I want to be at the governor’s before the crowd disperses.”
It became quieter the further they traveled from the town square. Off to the left was the town’s market, but the shops and vendors were already closed for the day. A scrawny dog ran between two carts, and then disappeared.
“What’s that?” one of the soldiers asked, pointing up ahead.
A dark-brown blanket covered a lump on the side of the road. A little girl, about five years old, was sitting next to it. When Darmik got closer, he saw that the girl was filthy, her face smeared with black ash, dress torn, and bare feet caked with dirt. The child moved part of the blanket away, and a stiff hand fell out from underneath. 
Darmik dismounted and knelt down. The heavy, brown-wool fabric covered a woman in her twenties. Her face was sunken and white—it looked like she was dead.
“Please,” the little girl cried. “I’m so hungry. Do you have any food?” She clutched the dead woman’s hand.
Darmik wanted to wrap the child in his arms, to comfort and protect her. If she wasn’t taken care of and fed some decent food, she’d starve to death, too.
Not wanting to scare her, Darmik said in a soothing voice, “We have food, child. Do not fear.”
He crouched next to the woman and felt her wrist. Sure enough, there wasn’t a pulse, and her skin was cold.
“Feed the girl,” Darmik instructed his men. One of his soldiers pulled out the rest of his bread and cheese and handed it to the child.
She quickly snatched it from him and bit into the bread. “Thank you,” she mumbled as she chewed.
“Is there someone to care for you?” Darmik asked. 
The girl looked up at him. “My mum,” she said, pointing at the body next to her.
Didn’t she know her mother was dead? The woman appeared to have died earlier in the day or late last night.
There was no reason for civilians to starve to death. If the king didn’t collect so much money in taxes, maybe they could afford to feed themselves. Darmik’s arms shook with rage. He remembered the feast he shared with Lennek at Lord Filmar’s. 
A door slammed on a shack near the road, and an elderly woman hobbled toward him. “Get away from her!” she shouted with a mouth missing teeth, waving her frail arms about. “Move it! We don’t want no trouble here!” 
“Do you know that person?” Darmik asked. The child nodded. He patted her on the head. “Be a good little girl then, and go with her.” He tried to smile, but couldn’t. He didn’t have any money on him, or he would’ve given it all to the child. He prayed she would be safe with the elderly woman. He prayed she wouldn’t starve to death.
“Let’s go,” he said to his men. 
When they arrived at the governor’s residence, Darmik slipped in through the servants’ entrance and found an empty room. Only after he cleaned and changed into his commander’s uniform, did Darmik make his presence known. The steward immediately escorted him to the governor’s office. 
“Prince Darmik, thank you for coming so quickly.” Lord Lemar gestured to the chair opposite his desk.  Like most of the governor’s offices, this one was ornate with a rare greenwood desk, intricately carved with hunting scenes. Books surrounded the walls, separated by paintings and statues. A large, square window revealed the vast mountain range in the distance. It was open, allowing the cool, fall air into the room.
Darmik sat and studied the man. “Did the taxes increase again?” 
Lord Lemar rubbed his face, tired. “King Barjon demanded a ten-percent increase. I had no choice but to pass the cost on. Another increase and I fear there’ll be nothing you or I can do to fix this mess.” The governor looked like he had pale purple bruises under his eyes, as if he hadn’t slept in days. He was skinnier than the last time Darmik had seen him.
After any increase in taxes, it usually took the people a few seasons to adjust. But this was the second increase this season. Either the people would all starve to death, or there would be a bloody civil war. In either case, the outcome would be disastrous. Did the king not understand this? 
“I’ll make it known that I’m here,” Darmik said. “I’ve already requested two platoons from the Third Company. They should arrive tomorrow. You won’t be able to go anywhere without seeing a soldier.” It was the best he could do for now.
Lord Lemar nodded. “Is there any way you can talk to King Barjon?”
Darmik almost laughed. He had no sway with his father. “I control the army,” he said. “I protect the king and prince. Politics—now that’s another matter entirely.” He shifted in his seat.
“Speaking of the prince, rumors say he’s ready to settle down. Many hope that it’s true. It might restore some faith in the crown,” the governor meekly replied.
That was the one thing his father was never able to gain—the loyalty and respect of the people. King Barjon ruled by fear, and many hoped that once Prince Lennek took over—and if he married someone from Greenwood Island—things might get better. Not that many had faith in Lennek, but there were no alternatives. Perhaps he was the lesser of two evils.
“I haven’t heard anything,” Darmik responded. “But I’ve been away from King’s City for several weeks. I’m sure as soon as things are settled, an announcement will be made.”
The idea of Lennek marrying caused Darmik to shudder. Pity the girl who had to deal with his temper and wild ways. Lennek would never settle down, regardless of being married. Darmik was more than done with this conversation; there were more important things on his mind.


Rema
Rema had been out riding Snow, trying to clear her mind. A certain prince who wielded a sword for a living insisted on invading her thoughts. She couldn’t believe she’d run into him twice. Down by the river he had been dressed in plain hunting gear, giving no indication of his rank. Then at the governor’s, Darmik had on a tunic revealing his marks. She’d never seen a royal person’s tattoos before. Darmik’s were black swirls, almost like dancing flames, which covered his lower neck and shoulders. The points were accentuated by silver and blue, giving the marks a regal air to them. And on his wrist, he didn’t bear the black region mark like everyone else on the island. Instead, on his forearm, he had a silver sun with a blue crown wrapped around it.
But perhaps the most intriguing part of Darmik was the fact that he’d been to Emperion. Rema couldn’t imagine traveling by boat to a foreign kingdom. The experiences he encountered had to be exciting. If only they’d had more time to talk. But what was she thinking? It was insane to indulge in such notions. He was a prince, and she only a commoner. 
Taking off her dirty clothes, Rema slipped on a dress like all the others she wore. They were plain, long sleeved, floor length, and either brown or gray depending upon which fabric was not only the sturdiest, but also the cheapest. Aunt Maya made all Rema’s clothes and there was never any deviation in their design.
While tying her dress, Rema glanced around her simple, modest room. The walls were bare white without any decorations. There was a small bed adorned with a brown quilt. She also had an armoire and dresser, both with plain hardware. Rema’s favorite part of the room was the window overlooking the horse pasture. Watching the beautiful animals always calmed her mind.
Someone pounded on the front door. It was probably Bren. Since their betrothal, he diligently came every afternoon once his work for the day was complete. Uncle Kar no longer permitted Rema and Bren to ride horses or take walks alone, which was silly because nothing inappropriate was going to happen between them. They were just friends. Rema couldn’t think of Bren in any capacity other than friendship. But Uncle Kar didn’t agree, and Rema and Bren were forced to sit in the house, usually accompanied by Aunt Maya. 
Their supervised visits were awkward. Often times, Rema had no idea what to even say to Bren. When Rema told Uncle Kar it was ridiculous that they be watched at all times, he simply said that she was engaged now and proper etiquette needed to be followed. Still, she’d been alone with Bren before, what was the difference now?
Rema peeked in the mirror—her hair was a mess. It was pulled together at the back of her head, but the wind from her ride had tousled it, making it stick up in various places. She laughed, thinking that she almost looked like a wild flower with her face the center and her hair the petals. She pulled the tie from her hair, and braided her blonde locks. Now presentable, it was time for her visit with Bren.
Walking down the hallway, Rema heard Aunt Maya speaking to a man whose voice she didn’t recognize. She hurried to the sitting room, hoping everything was fine.
“Absolutely preposterous!” Aunt Maya yelled. She stood at the front door, reading a piece of paper. A man dressed in a uniform bearing the royal family’s emblem and colors, stood outside. “This is appalling,” Aunt Maya said, her arms trembling.
Rema approached and put her hand on Aunt Maya’s shoulder, trying to steady her. Aunt Maya shook her head ever so slightly, and then threw the paper at the man. “She’s not going anywhere with you—especially unescorted. It’s illegal.” Maya slammed the door, pursing her lips.
The man yelled, “I am here to escort her. And let me remind you that it is illegal to disobey a royal summons!”
“I don’t care,” Aunt Maya angrily whispered. 
“Who was that man, and what did he mean by royal summons?” Rema asked.
Aunt Maya mumbled, “What are we going to do?” She massaged her temples and paced around the small room. With Aunt Maya’s hair pulled back in a tight bun and her skin suntanned with age spots, she suddenly looked fragile and older.
“Are you well?” Rema asked, reaching for her aunt’s hand. 
Instead, Aunt Maya embraced Rema in a tight hug. “Kar will know what to do. How we can fix this.” Maya released Rema and ran out the back door, slamming it closed behind her.
Rema was shocked. Her aunt and uncle always obeyed the law and were careful not to draw attention to themselves. But Aunt Maya had told the man that “she” wasn’t going anywhere. Rema wondered if the “she” Aunt Maya had referred to was Rema, and if so, how did she fit into all of this? The man, still standing outside, slid the paper under the door. After Rema heard him walk away from the house, she picked up the paper and read it.
She was astounded—it was a royal summons addressed solely to her for a dinner party hosted by Lord Filmar in honor of the visiting Prince Lennek. The invitation stated that the prince specifically requested her presence, and she was to arrive unaccompanied. Rema couldn’t believe the audacity of Prince Lennek. He had to know she was only the niece of a merchant and engaged—the paperwork had already been delivered to Lord Filmar for approval. Everyone knew the law: once the marriage contract was signed, the woman could no longer go out in public alone. Yet, Prince Lennek didn’t care. It went in line with what she had heard about him—he got everything he wanted, he was spoiled, and had no idea how to rule a kingdom. But what were his intentions with her? 
Sitting on a chair, Rema tried picturing what a dinner party at the governor’s would be like. She imagined everyone in fancy dresses, dancing. There would be lively music, food, and people laughing—just like a scene from a book.
The back door slammed shut. Aunt Maya entered, carrying an armload of white fabric. She sat down next to Rema.
“We need to talk.” Aunt Maya’s voice was firm, her hands fidgeting with the material.
Rema knew the fabric was for her wedding dress, and suddenly she didn’t want to talk. Her legs itched for movement. 
“I’ve just discussed matters with your uncle. The marriage bonding will take place in one week,” Aunt Maya said matter-of-factly, keeping her eyes focused on the fabric.
“Why so soon?” 
Clearing her throat, Maya avoided the question and said, “We need to sew your dress. I’ll never finish if you don’t help me.” Aunt Maya bit her lip as if she wanted to say more but couldn’t. She busied herself opening the sewing box and rummaging around inside. Finally, she pulled out a needle and thread, handing it to Rema.
So this was it then? No discussion, no explanation? No mention of the summons? Were they going to ignore it? Rema reluctantly threaded the needle and took the fabric Aunt Maya shoved at her. 
“This used to be my dress,” Aunt Maya explained. “It should fit you, but we need to let the hem down and fix the sleeves.” 
After some brief instructions, Rema began sewing. They sat in silence. Aunt Maya shoved the needle viciously through the dress, snapping the thread. Rema decided she’d wait and talk to Uncle Kar about this new decision. As awful as the idea of marriage was to Rema, at least it was to someone she genuinely liked and respected. And Bren would treat her well. It could be worse—a lot worse. Rema still had no idea what her aunt and uncle weren’t telling her, and she didn’t dare ask about the summons she snuck a look at.
Not paying attention to what she was doing, Rema stabbed the needle into her finger by accident, drawing blood. She really disliked sewing. Working with horses was much more preferable. 
Threading the needle, Rema began hemming the seam. She wished she could do something physical instead, like run to her cliff and dive into the bone-chilling water below. Hopefully, Bren wouldn’t prevent her from going into the forest alone once they married. She had never told him about jumping into the Somer River because he would never understand. 
“What’s that sound?” Aunt Maya asked. 
Thundering hooves resonated through the house, growing louder with each passing second. Rema wondered who it could be because Bren’s family didn’t own a carriage. Aunt Maya jumped up and ran to the window, moving the curtain aside.
“I want you to leave. Right now.” Aunt Maya’s voice shook. “Wait.” She ran to the fireplace, removed a small stone from the hearth, and pulled out a red velvet pouch. “Take this with you.” Maya opened the pouch, revealing a delicate gold chain, baring a skeleton key with a heart-shaped ruby diamond at the top of its cylindrical shaft of solid gold.
Aunt Maya carefully placed the beautiful necklace into Rema’s hand. “Put it on. It is a precious family heirloom.” 
Rema curled her fingers over the treasure, feeling the weight of it in her palm. She was about to ask why Maya was giving it to her when she saw her aunt’s ghostly white face. Aunt Maya’s eyes were tense and narrow—the panic clear. 
Throwing her sewing aside, Rema put the necklace on and grabbed her riding boots. She slipped out the back door, sprinting to the stables.
Despite having little money, Uncle Kar managed to keep the barn impeccable. It was a tall, white, wooden structure about eighty-feet long. There were four rows of stalls, for a total of twenty-four. They kept their personal horses along the east wall, and the horses they were raising and training along the west.  
It was hard falling in love with the horses, only to turn around and sell them once they were fully trained. Rema never knew who bought their horses other than the governor. Uncle Kar was always quiet about his business transactions. Rema never understood why.
She ran inside the stables, the familiar smell of hay immediately calming her. Jogging over to Snow’s stall, Rema found Uncle Kar feeding the horses—a chore she enjoyed doing. She lifted her saddle and threw it on Snow.
“Are you going for a ride?” Uncle Kar asked, filling up another bucket, eyeing his own horse.
“No, Aunt Maya insisted that I leave. Immediately.” Rema tightened the girth strap and put on Snow’s bridle. Snow pawed the ground with his front hoof, eager to ride, sensing Rema’s tension. She rubbed his nose and gave soothing words to calm him down.
Uncle Kar’s face turned whiter than Snow’s coat. He involuntarily nodded. Even from the barn, they heard the riders approaching.
Stepping closer, he lowered his voice and asked, “Do you remember the special place I showed you?” He noticed Rema wearing the necklace and slipped it under the neckline of her dress, out of sight.
“The cave?” Rema lifted one foot to the stirrup. She always wondered why they had a secret place, but over time, had learned not to ask questions and just accept it as normal.
“Do you remember where it is? How to get there?” Uncle Kar asked. 
She swung her leg over Snow’s back and mounted. “Yes.”
“Go there and wait for me. Don’t come home until I meet you. Do you understand?” His cheek twitched—something it did when he was worried.
Rema nodded, riding Snow to the exit. Uncle Kar swatted the horse, and it bolted out of the barn.
Lying low, she heeled Snow, pushing him to a full gallop. Glancing back, she saw Uncle Kar running from the stables to the house. In less than a minute, Rema was shielded by the thick greenwood trees. 
Rema never ran into anyone in the forest. Well, except for Prince Darmik, Commander of the King’s Army. But other than that one time, she was always alone when she rode in the woods. The sound of horses rapidly approaching was so strange that it took her a moment to react. She caught a glimpse of royal-blue against the backdrop of the green forest. Royal-blue—the king’s colors. The royal summons. Disobeying an order. 
Veering Snow right, they quickly climbed a hill toward the secret cave. Rema hoped her aunt and uncle were unharmed. They should have left with her.
“Rema!” a man yelled. “We know you’re out here! You are hereby ordered to return with us to your residence!” The voice echoed in the forest. 
He was close. However, she knew the land better than these soldiers did. And the word surrender wasn’t in her vocabulary. She nudged Snow onward.


Darmik
Darmik dressed in plain brown trousers and a black shirt, making sure all of his royal markings were covered. Then he slipped out of the castle and past the gate, along with the servants going home for the night. Keeping his head low, he walked toward the main street, looking for one of the larger taverns. 
The group of men ahead of him talked about getting a drink before going home. Darmik followed them to the main street leading to the town square. Things seemed back to normal—no evidence that any sort of gathering had occurred earlier in the day. People went about their business, heading home from work. Stores were open again. 
A sign hung above a large, wooden structure reading: Usavo Tavern. Light shone from the windows and several people stood outside, laughing. Entering the packed, stuffy room, Darmik was immediately assaulted by the smell of bread, ale, and body sweat. Nudging his way to the bar, he ordered a drink. 
Darmik listened to the conversations around him. It didn’t take long to figure out people were talking about what had happened in the town square earlier today. The man on his right was speaking to five men, all in their early twenties. 
“He made good points,” the man said.
“Yeah, but what can we do to change anything?” another one asked.
Good, Darmik thought. The speaker today wasn’t actively organizing people. He was only in the beginning stages—getting the people riled up.
“Excuse me,” Darmik interrupted, “do you know the name of the speaker from the town square?”
The men turned toward him. Darmik took a sip of ale, acting casual.
“Don’t know. Never seen him before,” one of them answered. “I was walking by and heard him shouting. I stayed cause I liked what he had to say. Turned into a mighty good gathering, don’t ya think?”
“It was very interesting, indeed,” Darmik answered. “Know of any other meetings? I’m new in town.”
“No,” a man replied. “But when someone wants to speak, word spreads like fire.”
Darmik nodded and finished his drink. He was glad there wasn’t a leader spearheading the campaign. That meant there was hope he could end the demonstrations before any real damage was done. 
Wanting to get back to the governor’s before his absence was noticed, he headed toward the exit. A man nudged his shoulder and whispered, “News just arrived. It’s time to prepare. The end is near.” There was a gleam to the man’s eyes as he smiled.
“What did you say?” Darmik asked.
“The word is to be prepared. The key will arrive. We must all be ready.” The man bounced on the balls of his feet in excitement. “Tell everyone, but don’t let the soldiers know.” He moved on to the next person, saying the same thing. 
Another young man came over. “Did you hear? The royal family is alive!” he said with tears of jubilation.
Of course they are alive, Darmik thought. He was standing right there, and his father and brother were always well protected. Darmik moved to leave.
“Any word on which one survived?” another man behind Darmik asked.
Darmik froze. Was there an attack he was unaware of? He turned to the men.
“No, only that one of them did. And we best be ready to restore them to the throne.”
The room spun before Darmik. He left before his face could reveal anything. Did he hear correctly? A member of the previous royal line had survived? This was the first he’d heard of it. Of course, it was probably a ruse, gossip to rile up the people.
The previous royal family—king, queen, and three children—bore a secret royal tattoo identifying them as the true bloodline. Their relatives all had a different variation of the mark. King Barjon demanded that the entire line be exterminated, and he claimed he had proof. Since none of the civilians knew about the secret tattoo, or what it looked like, it would be impossible for an imposter to pass someone off as a descendent of the royal line.
****
The sun shone directly overhead as Darmik walked along the wooden platform hastily constructed for the execution. It was in the middle of the town square—the same spot the man on the crate had spoken the other day. Armed soldiers stood around the perimeter of the stage. The prisoners knelt in the center, each held upright by a soldier, whose face was covered with a black mask, concealing his identity. Darmik had the prisoners’ hands bound and mouths gagged so they couldn’t talk. They were also covered in dirt, their faces purple with newly swelling bruises. 
Darmik turned toward the peasant crowd of several hundred standing in the town square. He stood with his hands clasped behind his back. In full uniform—royal-blue tunic with a silver sun embroidered on the front, along with a crown above his chest—he demanded attention from every single person there. 
Archers stood around the edge of the crowd, ready. It was silent, the people waiting for Darmik to speak. He pointedly looked into as many eyes as he could. He had to maintain control over Telan. Otherwise the kingdom wouldn’t survive.
“You are all here to witness the execution of these men,” Darmik nodded to the seven prisoners. “Each of them has been found guilty of treason, punishable by death. Anyone who talks of removing our king is subject to arrest and execution. The law is the law, and I will enforce it accordingly.” His voice echoed over the crowd.
Civilians glared at him with hatred in their eyes, but they remained silent. Darmik noticed a desperateness to the people. Most were skinny with bones protruding from lack of food. They didn’t understand that Darmik was trying to protect them. Instead, they saw the crown and army as the enemy. 
Movement caught Darmik’s attention, and he glanced left. A teenage boy threw a rotting apple toward the soldier at the end of the platform, hitting the soldier on the shoulder. A few people cheered. Foolish, Darmik thought. Didn’t these people have any sense of self-preservation? The boy, young and naïve, looked fifteen years old. He was probably buying into the rumors. 
Guards were stationed throughout the crowd. A soldier near the boy moved toward him. The teenager pulled out another rotting apple, raised his arm, and the soldier jumped, knocking the boy to the ground. The soldier yanked the teenager up and bound his hands.
“Murderers!” the boy screamed, thrashing his body, trying to break loose. 
The soldier punched him in the stomach. The insolent youth doubled over. Another soldier helped drag the boy away. 
A few other civilians had items hidden in their hands. It was a pathetic attempt to retaliate. 
“Anyone else care to join the boy?” Darmik asked. “I have enough soldiers to arrest everyone here.” He detested being harsh with people who were starving and desperate. 
Searching the crowd, Darmik remembered the little girl from the other day sitting next to her dead mother. He imagined her innocent eyes watching him, like the commoners here did, with sad, judging eyes. He inwardly cringed, but kept his expression blank. Slowly walking to the other end of the platform, he scrutinized the prisoners. 
After Darmik had left the tavern the other night, he followed the individual who had told him an heir existed. The man seemed intent on telling every single person he passed to be prepared, that the key would arrive, and they would fight to restore the throne to its rightful owner. Unfortunately, this man wasn’t the only one spreading the rumor. Darmik found an additional six men repeating the message. Darmik decided to have them all apprehended. 
Each prisoner bore Telan’s mark on his left wrist. After extensive questioning to try to ascertain specific names of the people organizing the rebellion, and what their plans were, Darmik realized that these men knew nothing—they were simply messengers. The man who had spoken in the town center approached them after the gathering. He paid each of the men money to deliver the message, “The key is coming and we will take back the throne and restore our kingdom to its former glory.” The only solution was to kill the messengers to prevent any sort of uprising—to save the lives of civilians by sacrificing these men. It was a steep price to pay to prove a point. 
The prisoners seethed with hatred, yet none of them fought back. Putting the men in jail would’ve been Darmik’s preferred choice of action, but that wouldn’t accomplish anything. A public execution instilled fear, and this crowd needed to fear authority right now. Sometimes the power Darmik wielded scared him. Often times, it overburdened him. 
Hating to do it, Darmik lifted his hand and gave the signal. The seven soldiers released the prisoners, raised their axes, and in less than thirty seconds, it was done. Blood splattered on the floor. The heads were skewered on spikes and placed on the platform for all to see. A reminder to the people of the king’s authority, and the power of the army backing the king.
Darmik nodded to his men, who then pulled the mutilated bodies from the platform, throwing them onto the ground for their families to bury or burn. Although he’d seen worse, Darmik still had to remind himself why he was doing this—those men wanted to overthrow the king, and he had to safeguard his father at all cost. Killing was necessary, needed. It was his job to protect his family—at least that’s what his father had always told him, and it’s what his mother would have wanted.
The crowd silently dispersed with their heads down, leaving the bodies behind on the street. Where were their families? And why was no one stepping forward to collect them?
“What do you want us to do with the dead?” a soldier asked.
“Leave them,” Darmik ordered. Hopefully, the families would come for them after the soldiers left.
“But the disease,” the soldier prompted.
“It’s the responsibility of these people to dispose of their dead. We won’t give them that honor.” Besides, moving the bodies would be a sign of disrespect. 
The soldier nodded before joining the others patrolling the area. Something caught Darmik’s eye. Down one of the side streets, he thought he saw a little girl crying. Blinking a few times, he looked again, but no one was there. Shaking his head, Darmik refocused on the town square. 
Uniformed soldiers were everywhere, keeping a strong presence. None of the civilians would try anything today. Everyone would go home to their small houses or rooms and lock their doors, without publically speaking against the king. 
Until the king pushed again. Then rumors would resurface, the threat of rebellion rebuilding, and a civil war would ensue as the people became desperate and foolish. 
But for now, Darmik needed to return to the king’s castle to see his father’s evidence that the previous royal family was dead. Darmik wanted to personally verify that no one from the past had slipped their notice. Because if someone did, there would be no stopping a bloody war.


Rema
The wind twirled Rema’s hair as Snow thundered north through the forest, in the direction of the cave. When they reached a boulder shaped like a bird, Rema steered the horse left. 
Years ago, when Rema was only five, Uncle Kar began bringing her deep into the woods, pointing out certain trees, terrain, and rocks. He made sure she knew how to find the cave on her own, even in the dark. When she asked him why, he simply told her it was good to be prepared. For what, she never knew. Now she was beginning to understand.  
Uncle Kar had brought Rema to the cave often, always careful not to leave a trail. They brought provisions with them, keeping the cave fully stocked with food, blankets, water—everything they would need to survive for a couple of days without leaving. 
The cave’s opening was about another mile north, hidden between two boulders on a hillside. The entrance was small and well camouflaged. Rema wondered how Uncle Kar had discovered it in the first place. The inside was pitch-black but lanterns were stashed throughout, and she remembered that once they were lit, the ten-foot-by-ten-foot cave wasn’t so scary. However, she had never spent more than a few minutes alone inside it before.
The deeper into the forest she traveled, the denser the trees became and navigating Snow at this speed was difficult. When the wind blew, the leaves rustled, creating a song all their own. Rema’s skin prickled. She wasn’t alone.
Even without seeing anyone, Rema felt the prince’s men gaining on her. At the top of a hill, she chanced a look back. Soldiers were spaced evenly apart, heading in her direction. She recalled learning how to herd sheep atop a horse. Uncle Kar had taught her what to look for and where to maneuver the horse in order to get the animals into the paddock. These soldiers reminded Rema of herding with their lethal speed and swift movements—but this time she was the sheep. 
As they tracked her, she realized they weren’t ordinary soldiers. Even though they wore the King’s Army uniform, there was a variation that Rema had never seen before. A black line extended the entire length of their sleeves and up over their shoulders.
Riding down the other side of the hill, Rema knew it would be difficult evading the soldiers, yet she had to try. She dismounted and sent Snow westward, then took off on foot in the opposite direction. She prayed it would take the soldiers a while to realize she was no longer on her horse. Luckily, Snow was familiar with these woods and would eventually find his way home. 
Rema picked up her skirt and held it close, making sure it didn’t get caught on a twig and tear, leaving a trail. At the bottom of the hill, she glanced around. There weren’t any trees small enough for her to climb and hide. Running out of options, she sprinted toward the cave, praying she’d make it in time. Moving as fast as her legs could go, she tried to remain quiet while running over the dry-leaf flooring of the forest.  
A series of whistles rang through the air. The soldiers had to be communicating with each other. The pounding of horse hooves grew louder, closing in on Rema. She dodged between the tree trunks, hoping to remain hidden. There was a sturdy tree with a branch low enough for her to take hold. Grabbing the thick limb, she pulled her body up from the ground. One leg made it over the branch, and she hoisted herself up into the tree. 
A soldier on a brown horse slid from his mount, nocked an arrow, and pointed it directly at her. She froze, her hands and legs tightly gripping the limb. 
“Prince Lennek has ordered your detainment on the grounds of disobeying a royal summons,” the archer stated.
For a moment she considered climbing higher, assuming the branches and leaves would shield her from the deadly arrow. But then what? She couldn’t stay in the tree forever, and these men wouldn’t leave until they captured her.
Having no other option, Rema unhooked her leg and released the branch, landing on her feet. A bush rustled, and a second soldier stepped out from behind it. She hadn’t realized anyone else was so close. The archer lowered his weapon as the other soldier seized her hands, tying them behind her back.
“Are you arresting me?” she asked, wondering if her aunt and uncle would be arrested as well.
“Our orders are to take you to Lord Filmar’s.”
Several other soldiers joined them. They were all big, burly men. Rema’s legs shook. She hoped these were honorable soldiers who wouldn’t take advantage of her. Aunt Maya had often spoken of the king’s men raping women for fun when they passed through towns. 
Rema understood the importance of avoiding soldiers at all cost. 
“This way, sweetheart,” the man holding her arm tightly said. 
“I’m not your sweetheart. You will not address me in such a manner,” Rema replied. 
Several of the soldiers laughed, their voices echoing in the forest so that it sounded like there were a hundred men making fun of her, instead of only twenty.
“Aren’t you a feisty one?” the archer said.
One of the men toward the back moved forward, looking Rema over with lustful eyes. “Maybe we should teach her a lesson, play with her a bit.” His teeth were yellowed, and his beard had a piece of food stuck in it. 
Rema tensed. She would rather die than allow these men to attack her. If any of them moved toward her, she’d kick him and run, even if it meant getting an arrow stuck in her back. 
“No,” the archer ordered. “Prince Lennek wants to speak with her, and I’ll not deliver damaged goods. That might have been how you did things before Commander Darmik, but you will not behave that way now. If the commander hears you making crude suggestions, you’ll be discharged and sent home in disgrace.”
The soldier looked disappointed, but obeyed. 
Rema flushed and kept her face down, unable to meet anyone’s eyes. Hearing these men speak of Prince Darmik confirmed her suspicions that he was indeed an ethical person who cared about others. How could her aunt be so wrong about him?
“Is Prince Darmik at the governor’s?” Rema asked.
“No,” the man holding her arm whispered. “We’re here on orders from Prince Lennek. The commander has already left.”
“Move out,” the archer ordered.
The soldier carefully picked Rema up. He sat her atop his horse and climbed on behind her. Slipping his arm around her waist, he held her tight against his body so she wouldn’t fall. Rema had never been held like this by a man before, not even Bren. She wanted to smash her head into his nose to get away, but there were too many soldiers around, and she didn’t stand a chance of getting very far. The best thing to do was to go along with them.
When they reached the edge of the forest, her house appeared in the distance surrounded by a sea of blue soldiers. Fifty men from the King’s Army were here to do Prince Lennek’s bidding. But what did he want with her? Usually men found her odd looks unappealing. However, there were some, like Bren, who insisted she was beautiful. Rema certainly didn’t feel beautiful, and if anything, felt out of place in a kingdom where everyone had black hair, dark eyes, and brown skin.
The soldier lowered Rema to the ground and dismounted. He took her arm, leading her through the prince’s men to her house. Inside, there were an additional five soldiers crowded together in the sitting room. It was stifling hot from so many pressing together in such a small place. When her presence was noticed, they all quieted down and moved against the edges of the room.
Now Rema had a clear view of the two chairs in front of the empty fireplace, where Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar sat with swords pointed at their chests. Rema took a step forward, but the soldier gripped her arm tighter until it hurt and she cringed. 
“No you don’t,” he said. “You stay put.” 
She stifled the urge to run to her aunt and uncle, demanding their release. But she was at the mercy of these soldiers—they had the power to kill Kar and Maya without cause.
A man holding a helmet with a large plume stepped forward. He was short and stalky, his hair pulled back into a ponytail, and his beard cut short. He grabbed her shoulders and spun her around. Lifting her bound wrists, he read her band and released her. “You were delivered a royal summons?” he asked.
Aunt Maya pointed her chin in the air—her sign for Rema to hold her head high and be brave. Rema knew she could do this. Understanding that these men were here to intimidate her, she took Aunt Maya’s advice—she wouldn’t let them see her fear. 
“Yes,” Rema replied in a loud, clear voice. “But I had no escort.” Her bound hands clutched into fists. Sweat dripped down the back of her neck.
He laughed. “Don’t worry, I’m here to escort you.”
Rema looked at Uncle Kar. He shook his head ever so slightly. But if she didn’t agree, they would be executed. Having no real choice, she said, “Fine. Release them, and I’ll go willingly.” 
“Oh you’ll come,” the officer replied. “Willingly or not.” The guards lowered their swords, and Rema’s shoulders relaxed. 
“Trust me,” Rema said with as much venom as she could, “my cooperation is in your best interest.”
“It will be a pleasure delivering you to Prince Lennek.” The officer chuckled so softly that Rema wasn’t sure she heard him correctly. “Serves him right—a feisty girl that he won’t be able to easily control, quite the change from his usual mistresses.”


Darmik
Darmik left Usavo to rejoin the First Company passing nearby on its way to King’s City. He found them on the outskirts of Escenar, dismantling their camp in the early morning light. 
“Good morning, Captain Phellek,” Darmik said. 
Phellek was the captain of the First Company. Each company of the army consisted of four platoons, a lieutenant leading each one. Each platoon was further broken down into five units, a sergeant in charge of each. The units divided into three or four squads, a corporal leading them.
“We’ve been expecting you, Commander,” Phellek replied, bowing his head.
“Go ahead and give the order to move out.” The rain had lessened to a mist, but it was only a matter of time before it picked up again, and Darmik didn’t enjoy traveling in the rain.
Seconds later, a horn blew and the captain yelled, “Positions!” In unison, one thousand soldiers lined up according to rank. The only soldiers on horseback were the officers and Darmik’s personal squad.  
Darmik loved the organization and precision of his army. Once he considered having a competition between the squads to foster pride and efficiency, like they did at Emperion’s military training school. However, Darmik realized there were better ways to achieve that goal. Having respect for themselves, their squads, and their army came from equal treatment—not competition. He wanted to instill fear among the people of Greenwood Island, but his army was a different matter. All Darmik’s experiences had taught him that fighting alongside one another in battle, and being willing to sacrifice one’s life for another, came from honor—not fear.
Phellek rode alongside Darmik with the flag ensign to his right, carrying the kingdom’s flag along with the First Company’s emblem. Darmik liked Phellek. He was his oldest captain at forty-nine. Phellek was tall, with large shoulders and a square face. Even though his hair was turning gray, he still had the energy of a twenty-year-old soldier. Phellek had come with King Barjon from Emperion. He was part of the unit that stormed the royal castle, capturing the queen and bringing her to King Barjon for execution. After the invasion, Phellek worked his way up in the King’s Army, quickly becoming a sergeant and then a lieutenant. 
When Darmik had first joined the army, he was placed in the same company as Phellek, serving in his platoon. Phellek always had time for Darmik, often teaching him tricks with the sword or fighting tactics. After Darmik was promoted to lieutenant, Phellek gave Darmik his prized knife with a silver sun on the hilt. Often times, Phellek felt more like a father than his real one. And once Darmik was appointed Commander of the King’s Army, Darmik promoted Phellek to Captain of the First Company. 
As they began the slow journey back to King’s City, Darmik thought it wise to go through every single town possible. Normally, they’d bypass the cities in order to travel faster. However, Darmik wanted the civilians to see and feel the full force of the army, and one-thousand armored soldiers was quite a sight to behold. 
Riding in the lead, with hundreds of men following him, offered Darmik no semblance of peace. He preferred to travel with only his personal guard, a group of twenty men. Even then, it was difficult to hear one’s thoughts when bombarded with duties. Darmik was rarely alone or his own person—he was bound by obligations to his family and the crown.
On this particular journey, Darmik found his thoughts drifting to a certain blonde-haired girl. No matter how hard he tried to block Rema from his mind, she forced herself back in, refusing to be ignored. In the first two towns, Darmik kept searching faces, expecting to see her. It was wishful thinking on his part because she bore Jarko’s mark, and the king forbade traveling between regions. He’d never see her again, unless he went back to Jarko. 
Riding through the third town of the day, Darmik saw a blonde-haired girl standing on the side of the road near the blacksmith’s shop. Darmik pulled the reins of his horse, bringing him to a halt, but as the young girl moved into the shadows, he realized her hair was actually brown. She was also younger than Rema, her shoulders slightly hunched forward, her eyes cast downward—clearly not the confident girl he thought she was. Darmik rubbed his temple, nudging his horse on.
“Commander, is everything all right?” Phellek leaned in close, asking in a fatherly tone. His eyes darted over to the girl.
Darmik sat up a little straighter in his saddle. “I’m perfectly fine.”
Phellek nodded and didn’t address the matter any further, but he glanced at Darmik, stifling a smile.
Leaving the town, they traveled through large pastures where herds of horses grazed. The horses instinctively came to the fence by the road and ran alongside the army. Normally, Darmik loved the sight of the animals running free. Today, however, he found them distracting, as their beauty only reminded him of Rema. 
The sun set as they reached an open field large enough for the entire company to stop for the night. Even though the land was flat, Darmik liked the spot because it offered an excellent view of the surrounding area so they wouldn’t be taken by surprise.
Having just passed through the large city of Felgo, Darmik wanted to know if the rumor about an heir had spread to this town as well.
“Phellek, give the order to set up camp. I’m going to meet with my personal guard and do a little reconnaissance. No one is to know I’m gone.”
There was a look on Phellek’s face—like he wanted to partake in Darmik’s plans. Instead, Phellek said, “Of course, Commander.” He raised his hand to signal the horn blower.
It took almost an hour to unload the necessary supplies and assemble all the tents. After Darmik’s command center and sleep area were erected, he selected five men from his personal guard to accompany him. They changed into plain merchant clothing, and headed back toward the town.
A full moon, bright enough to light the dirt road they traveled on, shone overhead. Darmik was happy to be walking, even though the air was cold. Since he had been riding his horse all day, it felt good to stretch his legs. 
When they reached the outskirts of Felgo, Darmik divided his men into three groups. He paired himself with Neco because they were both the same age and could easily pass for brothers or friends. Neco was a little taller than Darmik, and was neither skinny nor muscular. He kept his light brown, curly hair pulled back, away from his plain face. Darmik liked the fact that Neco’s physical stature allowed him to easily adapt and blend in with a crowd. 
Darmik and Neco walked down the main street of Felgo until they came to a rowdy tavern packed with town folk. They pushed through the swing doors and were assaulted by the smell of ale mixed with meat and potatoes. Weaving through the crowd, they found an empty, wooden table near the back, worn by the mugs of many men.  
Neco leaned forward in his chair. “Good view.” The torches hanging on the walls cast an odd shadow over his face. 
From where Darmik sat, he could see most of the room. However, it was so loud that it was difficult to hear what anyone more than ten feet away was saying. 
“The other groups should be arriving soon,” Darmik said. “I’m sure they’ll be in the thick of it.” 
The first pair of undercover soldiers entered. Erikk and Chek were the army’s most proficient knife throwers, but that’s where the similarities ended. Erikk was tall with a beard and a full head of hair. Chek, on the other hand, was short, bald, and he loved to gamble. It was no surprise to Darmik when the pair made their way to the card table in the center of the room and joined the game already in progress. 
The last group entered. Borek and Traco were known for their exceptional skill at hand-to-hand combat. They could each take on five men armed with swords and beat them with their bare hands. Both men were stocky, muscular, and reminded Darmik of bears. Borek and Traco had no problem muscling their way to the front of the crowded bar to order drinks. 
A server slammed a bottle of ale on Darmik and Neco’s table, along with two mugs. She smiled at them before going back to the bar. While his men eavesdropped on the local gossip, Darmik sat back and watched. Body language often revealed more than words.
“The girl on your left keeps batting her eyes at you,” Neco casually said.
A few prostitutes lingered along the edge of the room near the stairs. One in particular smiled at Darmik, while fanning herself and blowing kisses in his direction. 
“That may be,” Darmik replied, “but I’m sure she’ll wait until I’m drunk and more generous with my money before propositioning me.”
Neco laughed. “Sure, I’d like to see that.” He finished his drink and banged the cup on the table.
“Which part?” Darmik asked. “Me drunk or with a prostitute?” That might be normal behavior for some of his soldiers, but it certainly wasn’t befitting of a commander or a prince—regardless of what Lennek thought.
“Either. All you ever do is work. It’d be nice to see you live a little.” Neco refilled his mug to the rim. 
Neco had joined the army at fourteen and was placed in the same unit as Darmik. They’d fought their way out of more than one scrape together, like that time down in Lumen when their squad was attacked by a group of bandits. Everyone in the squad was killed except for Neco and Darmik. The two had battled for their lives. Eventually, the remaining bandits ran away, leaving Neco and Darmik standing alone, bruised, and worn. Neco fought with the same loyalty and determination as Darmik, never cowering in the fight. Since then, there was an unbreakable bond between the two of them, and they had been working together ever since. When Darmik formed his personal guard, he specifically chose Neco because Neco was highly perceptive, an excellent fighter, and a good friend.
But now, this conversation had turned too serious for Darmik. His eyes darted around the room.
“Nothing out of the usual tonight,” Neco observed.
“No. It makes me suspicious when things are too ordinary.”
The server came back. They ordered bowls of stew and a loaf of bread. The people at the card table were getting rowdy. More men joined in, and there was a fairly large pile of money in the center of the table. Several others stood around watching the game. Cheering rang through the room—Erikk won. He ordered a round of drinks for everyone playing, and they began another game. 
Borek and Traco were still at the bar, Borek in conversation with some of the locals. After finishing the stew, Darmik and Neco stood and made their way to the exit.
“Ah,” Neco sighed, “poor girl’s crying you’re leaving without making her acquaintance.” Neco laughed, putting a hand on Darmik’s shoulder. “We can wait ten minutes for you.” His head nodded toward the prostitute. 
Darmik knew Neco well enough to tell he was joking, but Darmik couldn’t help the flush that came over his face when his thoughts turned to Rema. He imagined what holding her in his arms would feel like.
Outside, the cool air cleared Darmik’s head. He and Neco walked north until they found a dark doorway. Leaning against the rough wooden wall, they both remained in shadows, hidden from the street. 
“So,” Neco began, “when’s the last time you were with a girl? Please tell me you’ve been with someone since Jarcy.”
Hearing Jarcy’s name made Darmik’s spine go stiff. The ale boiled in his stomach. “That’s enough,” he snarled. 
Neco raised his hands in surrender. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to offend you.”
Footsteps approached. “There you are,” Erikk said softly as he and Chek joined them in the shadows. 
“Mighty good time,” Chek said, shaking his pocket, the sound of money jingling inside.
“Any news?” Darmik asked, his voice raspy. They shook their heads.
Two dark figures stood on the opposite side of the street. One shifted, revealing his massive size, and Darmik could tell it was Borek and Traco. 
“Now all we need is a lone, unsuspecting person.” Darmik blew warmth into his hands. After the noise and smells of the tavern, it was strangely empty outside. Most everyone was in bed at this late hour.
“Here we go,” Neco said, nodding toward the tavern. A man had exited and was heading in their direction. As the civilian passed, Darmik and his men slid from the shadows, silently following him toward a deserted alley ten feet ahead. A quick jab from Neco caught the patron in the stomach, just below the ribs. He doubled over, trying to catch his breath. Borek and Traco grabbed the man’s arms. They escorted him down an alley, his toes dragging on the dirt road. They threw him to the ground by a pile of trash. Erikk and Chek stood side by side to block unwanted eyes.
Darmik never liked interrogating someone, especially when the person wasn’t guilty of a crime. But sometimes it was necessary when it came to protecting the kingdom and its king.
The man stirred, groaning. Borek pulled a rope from his pocket and bound the civilian’s legs and hands together while the man squirmed, trying to get free. The soldiers laughed at their captive with pity. The man’s face turned white. He shook uncontrollably, probably thinking he was being robbed.
Standing in the background, unseen, Darmik observed the situation. He kept his hands in his pockets and his hat low over his eyes.
“I’ll ask the questions,” Neco said, “and you will answer. Understood?” The man nodded. Neco squatted down and stared into the civilian’s eyes. “Good. Your name?” His breath came out in a white cloud from the chilly night air.
The man turned on his side, revealing his brown band. Neco read the information aloud, “Stephan, twenty-one years old, married with no children.” Neco turned Stephan’s left wrist over, revealing the mark of Telan.
Even with clothes and a jacket on, Darmik could tell the man was skinny. Stephan’s cheeks were sunken in, his eyes dark, and his breath smelled like stale ale.
“Tell me about the men spreading the rumors,” Neco demanded. 
Darmik watched the man’s reaction closely. Stephan blinked several times but otherwise, his face remained blank, unchanged, and he didn’t seem confused. So the rumors had spread to Felgo as well. Darmik had the urge to punch the wall, but he needed to remain quiet and unnoticed.
“I don’t know about the men,” Stephan said. “But I’ve heard the rumors. I thought that’s all they were though, rumors.” He wiggled closer to the trash, trying to put some distance between himself and Neco. The scent of decaying rats hung heavy in the air.
Neco laughed. “Tell me what you’ve heard.”
Stephan glanced in Darmik’s direction. Neco whacked Stephan on the side of his face. “Look at me when I’m talking to you!” he yelled. The moon was bright, and Neco needed to make sure Stephan wouldn’t be able to identify any of them.
After a string of obscenities, Stephan finally answered. “They say to be ready. That the end is coming. That’s all I know. All I’ve heard! I swear! Please don’t hurt me.” He got louder, and they didn’t want him attracting attention.
Darmik coughed once, indicating that Stephan was telling the truth. There was nothing else to be learned here. Neco slid out his dagger. 
At the sight of the weapon, Stephan cringed and the crotch of his pants darkened. The smell of urine rose into the air. 
“We should kill him for being such a wimp,” Neco mumbled as he cut the rope binding Stephan’s hands together. When the rope split, Neco grabbed Stephan, holding him upright. Traco punched Stephan in the gut, and then in the jaw, hoping to keep Stephen debilitated long enough for them to hastily make their exit.  
As they walked away, Darmik glanced back at Stephen lying unconscious among the year-old trash and rodent carcasses.


Rema
When they passed through the gate entering Lord Filmar’s land, the soldiers broke from formation, leaving Rema alone inside the carriage as it pulled to a stop before the entrance of the castle. Gazing at the massive, three-story, white limestone building before her, Rema couldn’t imagine anything more beautiful than this. The castle was an enormous rectangular structure with a round tower at its northern end. It had to be the size of a hundred barns put together.  
She fidgeted with the end of her sleeve. The only time she came here was to deliver horses; she’d never been a guest or inside Lord Filmar’s home before. 
Several carriages were parked nearby. Thankfully, there were other people here at this dinner party for Prince Lennek. 
A man bearing the king’s colors, but not a soldier’s uniform, opened the carriage door.
He took her hand, helping her down the step. “Welcome,” he said in a high-pitched voice. “I am Arnek, Prince Lennek’s personal steward.” Arnek was short, only coming up to Rema’s shoulders. His hair was neat and tidy, like his clothes. 
“I will escort you to a bedchamber where you can change into something more appropriate.” His eyes raked over her body. “You do have something to change into, don’t you?” he asked.
Rema wore a dark gray, long-sleeved linen dress. It was simple, but by any commoner’s decree, it was a decent dinner dress. “This is all I have.” Rema’s jaw clenched. She bit her tongue to prevent herself from saying something rude and unladylike.
Arnek lifted an eyebrow, his lip curling in disgust. “You didn’t bring anything nicer than that?” 
“Perhaps if I hadn’t been taken against my will, I would have had time to dress for my visit.” Rema’s hands rested on her hips.
He sighed. “This way, then.” Arnek’s nose was flat and his eyes too big and round for his small face. He looked and sounded very much like a mouse.
Arnek led Rema through the arched entrance and into a courtyard filled with rose bushes. At the eastern end, they entered the castle’s interior. After traveling down several hallways, they came to a massive room. The ceiling was vaulted—perhaps two-stories high—with floor-to-ceiling windows on one wall. The remaining walls were decorated with richly colored tapestries, depicting horses and hunting scenes. 
Rema was about to walk over to study the tapestries in more detail when a guard approached. “Is this the girl?” he asked, smiling down at her. 
Rema had the urge to back away.
“It is,” Arnek dryly replied. He shook his head, his mousey face filled with disgust.
The guard placed a warm, sweaty hand on Rema’s shoulder. He squeezed hard, preventing her from moving. “I’ll take it from here,” he said with a throaty laugh. The mousey man exited, looking relieved.
The guard was at least two heads taller than Rema and muscular—his uniform pulling at his wide shoulders. “Try anything funny,” he said, “and I have orders to tie your hands together.” He leered at her, and Rema got the distinct impression he would enjoy doing that.
Ignoring the vile man, Rema investigated the large room. Several guests stood about talking in small groups. All the men wore tunics with their family crests embroidered on the front. The women wore elegant dresses; each a different color of silk, velvet, chenille, or a combination of damask and sheer linen. Some dresses had lace, others jewels, and all the fabric appeared soft and delicate. Many also had their hair up, beautifully braided. Everything around Rema looked and felt like a dream.
Each lady’s ensemble must have cost a small fortune, probably more than Rema’s aunt and uncle earned in a season. Peering down at herself, Rema felt embarrassed. What was she even doing here? And were her aunt and uncle at home worried about her? Were they well? Rema’s legs itched for movement, and she began to sweat. Wiping her forehead, she noticed her hands shaking. Lacing them together behind her back, Rema picked at her cuticles, trying to calm her nerves.
A few people in the room took notice of Rema, probably because she stood out like a horse in the middle of a kitchen. Not only was she severely underdressed, looking like a maid, but she also had a guard hovering over her. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” a servant bellowed out, standing close to the doors. Everyone stopped talking. “Lord Filmar.” The servant bowed, moved to the side, and the governor entered. He was exactly what Rema imagined he would be—old and plain. He was paler than her uncle was, probably because he didn’t partake in manual labor. Lord Filmar, although tall, was thinly built, and it looked like if he were to lift a bale of hay, his arms would break. 
The governor walked over to a group of people and started talking. If it weren’t for his silk tunic, Rema wouldn’t have been able to distinguish him from the other guests. The group he spoke to turned to stare at her as she stood in her plain, common dress, a weed among the blooming roses. A couple of the ladies furrowed their brows, while some of the men frowned. Rema couldn’t explain it, but she knew there was pity in the way they looked at her. 
Rema wanted her river. She needed to run as fast as she could, pushing her legs until they could go no further, and jump into the icy water. Scanning the room, Rema noticed she was about thirty feet from the exit. Perhaps she could outrun the man guarding her. But if she did, could she find her way out of the castle? Her right foot slid an inch toward the door.
“Please take your seats,” a servant spoke above the guests. “Dinner is served.”
The guard grabbed her arm, squeezing hard, eliminating any hope she had of escaping.
Everyone moved to the tables, positioned in the shape of a horseshoe with the chairs facing in, so the guests could see one another. The head table, raised with delicate carving on its legs, sat at the opening of the “shoe.” Everything was elaborately decorated with the king’s colors. Blue fabric draped over the tables, dotted with silver plates, napkins, and candles artfully arranged on top. There were also gardenias in large, glass vases filling the room with a bold perfume. Everyone was assigned a seat, and Arnek made sure people found them. The guard led Rema to her place.  
The sound of a horn filled the room. The soldier standing at the entrance lowered his instrument once he had everyone’s undivided attention. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, His Highness, Prince Lennek.” 
The prince stood in the dimly lit hallway flanked by two soldiers. He stepped forward, into the room, with his chin raised. 
Rema wasn’t prepared for the sight of him—he looked very much like his brother, Prince Darmik. They both had the same dark, curly hair and strong jaw lines. Prince Lennek was tall, broad shouldered, and lean. He wore black pants and a long-sleeved shirt, exposing his royal markings. Gliding through the room, his royal-blue cape draped down his back to the floor, floating behind him, giving the impression of power. A silver circlet encased with sapphires sat atop Prince Lennek’s head. His dark eyes scanned the tables until he found Rema. When they settled on her, a grin spread across his tanned face.
Prince Lennek went to the head table and took a seat in the center, next to the governor. His soldiers blended in with the tapestries against the wall, standing still as if they were statues made of marble. The prince nodded his head, and everyone resumed talking. Only Rema wasn’t paying attention to what anyone around her was saying. Instead, her focus remained on the prince.
After saying something to the governor, Prince Lennek’s eyes settled back on Rema, blatantly staring. There was nothing coy or subtle about the way he scrutinized her. Uncle Kar’s face held the same expression when he had a particularly beautiful horse he was showing off—a look of pride. Lennek had that same air about him, only it gave Rema the chills because it felt predatory instead of prideful. But she couldn’t be pulled in by his beauty. She remembered the way her aunt and uncle were treated, and the royal summons issued by the prince. She had to remember everything Aunt Maya had taught her—that this royal family was evil and not to be trusted. 
Rema broke eye contact and refused to look at him again. A plate of salmon, potatoes, and vegetables was placed before her. Rema’s mouth watered; she hadn’t eaten fish in a long time.
“I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve ever met,” the person sitting next to Rema said. He was an older man in his fifties with salt and pepper hair. His wife shot him a sour face, but he ignored her. “I’m Arnaldo,” he said in an articulate voice.
“Nice to meet you,” Rema carefully answered, sidestepping the question. She didn’t want to tell him her name, nor did she feel like talking to anyone. 
“For someone of the merchant class, you seem to know what you’re doing.” Arnaldo pointed, indicating her use of the fork and knife. 
Rema’s aunt and uncle insisted she know proper etiquette. She was using it now—not to fit in or because she cared what others thought of her—but because it came to her naturally. Glancing around the room, Rema noticed several people watching her with curiosity. One or two were even pointing in her direction while they spoke.
Rema turned to the richly dressed man with the smug expression on his face. She wanted to throw her fork at him and shove her face into her food like an animal. Instead, she tried to appear innocent. “I know,” she said. “It’s shocking that I can use such complicated tools.”
Arnaldo was about to reply when Arnek approached. “Prince Lennek requests the first dance.” He said it like he couldn’t fathom why anyone would go within three feet of Rema—let alone dance with her.
Rema felt like a child standing before one of her uncle’s wild, untamed stallions. She didn’t want to go anywhere near the prince, but she couldn’t refuse. Reluctantly, she stood and took the steward’s outstretched hand. He led her toward the dance floor situated in the middle of the tables. Winding around the guests still seated and eating, Rema heard a few whispered comments. 
“Has he gone through all the rich ones that he has to sink to the lower class?”
“I’ve never seen anyone with yellowish hair before.” 
“Never the same girl twice. What stamina he must have.” 
The prince stood tall and confident, waiting for her. Every single person watched. Rema felt like a dead pig at market being displayed for potential buyers. If only she could reprimand Prince Lennek for bringing her here. 
Arnek squeezed her arm, stopping before the prince. He leaned in and whispered, “Don’t do anything to embarrass the prince. And don’t make a fool of yourself in front of his guests by telling them you were brought here against your will. They won’t believe you, and your aunt and uncle would pay dearly for your unbecoming actions.” He released her.
Rema politely curtsied. Prince Lennek stepped forward, closing the distance between them. The music started and he placed his hands on her, expertly gliding her around the dance floor. At first, Rema was afraid she would trip over her own feet and fall, embarrassing herself and probably meeting everyone’s expectations, but she didn’t. Surprise washed through her, especially since she hadn’t danced with anyone other than her aunt and uncle. But Lennek was dancing a basic four-step foot pattern, of which she was well acquainted.
“We haven’t properly met,” Prince Lennek commented. His voice was soft and smooth, like butter. She had the urge to reach out and caress his handsome face. He looked very much like his brother, Prince Darmik. Even Prince Lennek’s tattoo was similar to his brother’s, although Lennek’s black swirls appeared more like knives than flames, especially when the light shone on the silver in the marks. Rema forced herself to focus on the prince’s face, instead of his body.
“No, we haven’t met, Your Highness,” Rema said sarcastically, wanting to stand her ground. She wouldn’t allow him to see the slightest amount of infatuation or intimidation on her part. “So I find it rather interesting that you would summon me here. You are aware that I am engaged to be married?” 
He twirled Rema around and pulled her back to him, his eyes sparkling with amusement. Rema felt everyone watching and appraising her. She tried to focus on the dance and Lennek, not allowing the people’s silent judgments to overwhelm her thoughts. 
“I am Prince Lennek, and you are Rema, the local horse merchant’s niece.” His voice was seductive. “And yes, you are currently engaged.” His head bent forward, his lips only inches from her ear. “But things can change. Nothing is set in stone,” he whispered.
She wasn’t sure what he was implying. Did he know she secretly didn’t want to marry? His strong arm slid lower on her back. Rema stumbled, but Prince Lennek changed directions, keeping her upright. She quickly regained her footing, only missing one beat.
“Who taught you to dance?” he pleasantly asked.
Her thoughts refocused on Lennek. “My aunt.”
“Interesting. Most people in the merchant class do not know the dances of the upper class—especially dances done with royalty.” His eyes held a questioning look, awaiting her answer.  
“We are dancing ‘The Courting Dance,’” Rema replied. “It was so named because it is only danced at court, also because it is usually done when a member of the royal family has decided to court someone. It reveals his intentions to his court.”
Lennek’s eyebrows lifted up, surprised. “Why do you know the dance, then?” he inquired.
Was he insulting her? Before she could think her response through, she said, “Perhaps my aunt thought such a beautiful dance shouldn’t be wasted on a select group of people who truly can’t appreciate it.” She smiled sweetly.
“Do you have an answer to everything?” he asked, amused.
“Usually,” she replied, holding her head high.
Prince Lennek laughed and twirled her around again. This time, he pulled her in a little closer. Rema’s chest touched his. His warm hand held her tight. Without meaning to, she glanced up into his eyes. There was something hypnotic about them, and she was unable to look away. 
“I am so glad you wandered into my life.” Prince Lennek chuckled, like it was a private joke. “You are the key to everything.” 
The music ended, and the prince glanced away from her, breaking the spell. She stepped back, about to return to her seat, when Lennek grabbed her arm.
Shocked, Rema stared at him. His smile vanished. His eyes were cold, as if a mask had been ripped from his face. She tried to step away, but his grip only tightened.
“What do you want?” she whispered.
“You.”
It felt like spiders crawling over her skin. “You can’t have me,” she said.
His features softened. “Really? We’ll see.” He snickered, his mask of charm instantaneously back on and the harshness gone.
Prince Lennek motioned for his steward.
“Rema is leaving the party now.”
Her shoulders dropped, relieved. She was finally going home. Prince Lennek released her and strode away, never looking back. Rema rubbed her arm where he had held it. It was red and sore from his grip. 
“Follow me,” Arnek said, leading Rema away from the dance floor. Once they were alone in the hallway, two guards approached and took hold of her. Stunned, Rema knew she had just one chance to get out of this situation.


Darmik
The wooden practice sword sliced down past Darmik’s left shoulder. With a flick of his wrist, Darmik parried the blow. Then he spun, kicking his opponent in the chest, knocking him flat on his back. Landing in mud with a loud “umph,” the man blinked, stunned he’d lost in less than a minute. The soldiers who watched the match cheered.
“If you want to move up in rank, you’re going to have to last longer than that,” Darmik said with a grin. He held his hand out, helping the man to his feet. 
Darmik had been putting his men through this test for the past year now—if a soldier wanted a promotion, he had to fight Darmik to show his skills. Based upon how well the soldier performed, Darmik would either allow or deny the advance in rank. And any man who could beat Darmik in a swordfight or a bow and arrow match, was automatically granted the position of corporal or sergeant. 
Darmik scrutinized his soldiers as they formed a loose circle around him. “Anyone else?” No one stepped forward. “Report to your squads. Dismissed.” 
The rain had picked up. Darmik could barely see two feet in front of him. There was no point in the entire army traveling through the storm. Outside Darmik’s tent, which also served as the company’s temporary command center, men were lined up, waiting to talk to him or give their daily reports. Darmik laughed at the irony; there was a time in his life when he was so lonely he would have done anything to be surrounded by people he knew and trusted.
Before Darmik had taken over command of the King’s Army last year, his father had sent him to the Kingdom of Emperion for training. King Barjon had arranged with his brother-in-law, Emperor Hamen, to allow Darmik to attend their military school because there was nothing like it on Greenwood Island. Even though Darmik was born in Emperion, it had been over a decade since he’d been there, and a lot had changed. Darmik didn’t like to think about that time in his life, for it was the worst year he had ever experienced. 
Emperion was dry and brown with low, rolling hills. Most of the buildings were tan, blending in with the land. Emperor’s City, the largest city on the mainland, was dense and over-crowded. Every family was required to send two sons into the military for life, and as a result, families were large, adding to the overpopulation. The entire city was surrounded by an enormous stone wall because Emperor Hamen was fond of pillaging neighboring kingdoms—many of which had the means to retaliate. They went to war often. 
When Darmik had first arrived in Emperion, he had an accent and lacked the instinctive brutality of the other cadets who had attended the school their entire lives. He felt isolated. They made fun of him, calling him soft because he was a prince. At first Darmik assumed he’d be able to hold his own, but he quickly learned that his skills were inferior with each match he lost and each target he missed. He was demoted to a lower level class and had to relearn a lot of basic combat instruction.
Every day the cadets awoke, ate, and dressed before sunrise. They had two hours of horse training, followed by sword fighting, knife throwing, hand-to-hand combat, military-strategy classes, and a short lunch. Afterwards, they ran military exercises until dark. Then they ate dinner, bathed, and studied until bedtime. It was the same thing every single day. No days off—no exceptions. The school’s purpose was to not only train powerful soldiers, but to create great military leaders. 
Emperion’s army was war-hungry and ruthless. The commander and captains of the Emperion Army epitomized these characteristics. They structured the school to produce soldiers who were both lethal and obedient—an unstoppable force. The school morphed into a mini army with its own rules and regulations.
The first rule stated that if a person failed a class, he was sent home, and his family was forced to provide another son. Rule number two stated that if a cadet’s squad—that is, the group the cadet lived and trained with, fifteen people total—lost an exercise, everyone in that squad was whipped and assigned clean-up duty for a week. The third rule stated that if a person was caught doing something wrong by his instructor, such as giving away the squad’s position in a training exercise by being too noisy, then that cadet was beaten while the entire school watched. No, it was not an easy school, and Darmik had the scars to prove it.
However, the training he received was invaluable. Not only did Darmik become one of their top military students, but he also rose high in the ranks of his leadership classes. Yet, seeing firsthand how the kingdom was run and how the people lived, he had no desire to be in a place so singularly focused on war. Even the houses were designed for combat, and the people practiced weekly what to do if there was an attack. Children learned how to wield a sword instead of playing. Darmik came to believe that yes, an army should train and be prepared to defend its kingdom, but if war was avoidable, it should be at all cost.
When Darmik returned to Greenwood Island, his father promoted him to Commander. Darmik combined all of his newfound knowledge and skills and put them into practice. He took his ten thousand soldiers and restructured the King’s Army. He divided them into ten different companies, one thousand men each. Every region had a company responsible for patrolling and policing that area, making sure people remained in their designated region. The army did not take orders from, nor did they report to, the governor of that region. Darmik maintained control over his army at all times, his men answering only to him. One additional company roamed the kingdom and went where needed, another company was stationed in King’s City, and the remaining company was off-duty and called upon when necessity arose. 
In order to gain respect from his soldiers, Darmik conducted war games with them. After repeatedly defeating his men, an unspoken understanding and loyalty developed. He also treated his men fairly and guaranteed all soldiers’ families were provided for. Young men joined willingly and became exceedingly devoted to Darmik. 
Darmik’s boots sunk in the mud and the rain pounded on his head, bringing him back to the present. Walking past the soldiers lined up waiting to talk to him, Darmik entered his tent. Inside, ten officers spoke at once. 
Darmik raised his hand, silencing them. “Corporals,” he said, standing next to his table with a map of Greenwood Island spread upon it. He hoped his specialized squads were able to uncover some vital information. “Your reports, one at a time, please.”
Two of his men stepped forward.
“Commander,” the first one said. “My squad just returned from Dresden. Rumors are being spread there.”
“And what is being said, specifically?” Darmik asked.
“The key is coming. Be prepared to fight to take back the kingdom, Sir.”
The second corporal spoke, “The same is being said in all the cities that my squad passed through in Telan, Sir.”
Darmik pulled out his quill. “I need the names of the cities.”
The corporals listed each of the towns they had traveled through. After Darmik marked each city on the map, he leaned back and studied the paper. So far, he was unable to determine any pattern. 
He dispatched his squads to additional cities. Darmik swore he would figure this out. He would prove to his father that he was not only a worthy commander, but a strong and competent one as well. 
****
The First Company reached the outskirts of King’s City before noon. The capital rested on the border between Dresden, Shano, and Telan. The city was built there shortly after the invasion. To avoid being taken by surprise, King Barjon wanted his fortress in the middle of an area with low ground, so he could see the surrounding land. He also wanted the city away from the ocean and potential invaders arriving by boat. For added security, the entire city was now surrounded by a thirty-foot high wall with sentries patrolling at all times.
Since they were now entering King’s City, protocol had to be followed. Darmik raised his hand, signaling for his six designated men on horses to surround him. The men raised the kingdom’s flag along with the royal colors, indicating that not only was Darmik commander of the King’s Army, but that he was also a prince. Darmik removed his black riding cape and replaced it with his one made of royal-blue silk lined with silver. 
The army changed formations in order to fit through the gated entrance. The streets inside were narrow, requiring they march three-men wide. The gates opened, and the army began filtering through the twenty-foot thick wall. The soldiers posted in the gatehouse, which was built within the wall, saluted their commander in respect. Coming out the other side into the city, Darmik saw his father’s castle, sitting on top of a hill in the middle of the city. It was about three miles ahead, surrounded by another wall with additional guards. 
King’s City was a thriving place with several markets and thousands of people who worked and lived there. Darmik always felt claustrophobic and cramped when he entered the city. He couldn’t understand why people wanted to live on top of one another inside the walls, just for some additional protection. It was a high price to pay.
The army’s presence could never be kept hidden because one thousand soldiers made a tremendous amount of noise—their boots drumming against the streets like hail on a glass window. The vibration from so many was felt for blocks.
When the company reached the military compound, Darmik dismissed the soldiers to the barracks. After issuing orders to Captain Phellek, Darmik continued on the additional mile to the king’s castle. The noise and smells of the city—a combination of dirt, smoke, and horse—faded away the closer he came to the castle. No one was allowed to build or loiter within one hundred yards of the fortress wall, so the sentries had a clear view of Darmik approaching. 
When he reached the gate, the castle guards saluted their commander. Granted entrance, Darmik entered another world. The grounds were immaculate with vibrant-green grass, bushes sculpted into the shape of animals, and roses in full bloom. The white stone castle sat nestled on the land. People strolled about the grounds impeccably dressed, completing the picture. Even the smell changed to lavender and roses. Everything appeared peaceful, serene, and beautiful. But Darmik knew appearances could be deceiving.
After entering the cobblestone courtyard, Darmik dismounted. Before he could stretch his back or remove his helmet, a steward approached. 
“Welcome home, Prince Darmik,” the steward bowed. “Your father is in the Throne Room. Shall I announce you?” 
The king wouldn’t like for his younger son to appear in the king’s court covered with road dust. However, if Darmik didn’t see his father right away, rumors would start. Besides, it was fun watching everyone’s court faces as they tried to hide their disgust at Darmik’s appearance. He had to find amusement where he could, for there was little in the castle.
The steward escorted Darmik through the pristine hallways. The sun shone through the crystal-clear windows, its light bouncing from the marble floors. Passing by a statue of King Barjon, Darmik smiled, remembering a game of hide-and-seek he had played with Lennek. Darmik had hid behind the statue. He was so bored waiting for his brother to find him that he used his dagger to carve his initials into the statue. Only when he was done did he realize that he’d desecrated his father’s backside. 
At the entrance to the Throne Room, two guards stood posted outside. Upon seeing Darmik, they pulled the heavy, wood doors open. 
The steward stepped around Darmik and cleared his throat. “His Highness, Prince Darmik.” Sixty heads snapped in Darmik’s direction. The obnoxious smell of perfume hung heavy in the air.
As Darmik walked down the center aisle, the courtiers stood, curtseyed or bowed, and stared at him. Their faces were blank and devoid of emotion. He looked down at himself, covered in dirt, his black boots almost brown. His face had a few days’ worth of stubble. He tried to suppress a smile.
The room was fifty-feet long, the dais at the end on a raised, marble platform. And there, in his proper place, sat King Barjon. He wore his royal cape, lined with silver, and his gold crown with sapphires the size of fingernails sat atop his head. To the average person, the king appeared disinterested, almost bored. But Darmik knew better—his father’s right foot tapped impatiently. King Barjon’s hair and eyes were dark like Darmik’s, but that’s where the similarities ended as the king wore a thick beard and had a large belly. 
He pursed his lips when Darmik stood at his feet.
“Your Majesty.” Darmik knelt, bowing his head.
“Welcome home,” King Barjon responded with a cold voice that echoed through the room. “I trust your journey was productive.”
“Always. When can I give you my report?” Darmik needed to discuss the rumors with his father without the possibility of being overheard.
The king asked his recorder, “How many people are waiting to speak?”
The man lifted his paper. “Three, Your Majesty.”
King Barjon waved Darmik closer. “My office,” the king snapped, “one hour. Now go get yourself cleaned up.” 


Rema
Rema stood in the middle of the bedchamber seething with rage. If she had the strength of a man, she would’ve been able to fight off the two guards who had brought her to this room, locking her inside. But since that wasn’t the case, here she was—imprisoned in the governor’s castle. 
Rema scanned the room. There was a sitting area by the door with two dark green settees and one chair. Centered on the far wall was an ornate, four-post wooden bed with a silky, gold canopy. A dressing area was off to the side with a privacy screen. Tapestries depicting horses running through fields, wild and free, decorated the walls, the only thing making her feel at home. The sole exit was through the door in which she had entered. There were also two large windows. Glancing outside, she determined that she was on the third level. 
Surely, a guard was stationed outside the room. Rema laid down on the wood floor and peeked under the door. Two sets of boots stood on either side. Straining to listen, the sound of voices grew louder, echoing down the stone corridor. Rema stood and straightened her dress. Metal jingled, and the door flew open. 
Prince Lennek stood in the doorway, framed by candlelight. He smirked while dangling a key in his hand. “Rema, darling.” As he sauntered into the bedchamber, his six guards spread throughout the room, one blocking the exit. “You are stunning when you’re mad.”
He could tell she was furious? What else could he sense about her? “Prince Lennek,” Rema said through clenched teeth, “can you please explain to me what I’m doing here?” Rema stepped back, increasing the distance between them.
“I thought we could be friends—get to...know one another.” He took a few steps toward her until they were only an arm’s length apart.
She couldn’t tell if he was being patronizing, but the way he said, “know,” led her to believe that there was a double meaning. Rema shot back, “Is this how you manage to maintain such a promiscuous reputation? Locking ladies up with no chance to refuse you is one way to bed women.” She didn’t want to come across as weak and obedient, and she no longer cared about offending him. Perhaps if she showed her stubborn personality, he would willingly release her.
Prince Lennek’s hands clenched into fists, and he took another step toward her. She tensed and prepared for him to strike, but instead, he asked one of his men, “Has she been searched?” 
“Yes, Your Highness, when we first escorted her here,” a soldier responded.
“Good. Leave us.” Rema saw a few of the guards’ eyebrows raise, one bit his lip, and another cleared his throat; however, they exited without a word. 
Lennek’s dark eyes bore into hers. They were cold and calculating. Being alone with Lennek was like being stuck in a snowstorm—difficult to predict, and bone-chilling cold. Paralyzed, she was unsure what to do.
After several seconds, the prince’s eyes softened, and he smiled at her. “I thought you would be happy to be here,” Prince Lennek mused. He strolled across the room to one of the windows and gazed outside. Rema saw his reflection in the glass. “You’re a horse merchant’s niece with a tedious life before you, and yet, here you are mocking my hospitality.” He spun around to face her.
Rema refused to meet his deep, brown eyes that reminded her of the forest’s dirt flooring after it rained. She needed to keep her head on straight. “Your kindness is much appreciated, Your Highness,” she said condescendingly. Rema refrained from saying that she wished to return home for fear it would give him leverage over her.
“Hmmm,” he responded, leaning against the window ledge and folding his arms. “Let’s cut to the point.” She nodded in agreement. “I need to marry, and I wish to marry you.”
It felt as if she had been thrown from a horse, the wind knocked right out of her. Rema was certain she misunderstood him because there was no way a prince, especially one she didn’t know, would want to marry her.
Prince Lennek chuckled. “You seem confused, but it is actually quite simple. Agree to marry me, and you’ll be a princess. And just like that, the future is open before you.” He waited for her to answer. 
“Why me?” she stammered, caught off-guard.
“Several reasons. But none of them are your concern. I’m giving you a way out of your life. Only a fool would say no.”
Rema was no fool, which was why she didn’t say yes. Her mind raced through all sorts of scenarios and possibilities. “But I’m engaged to Bren. The paperwork has been signed and delivered to Lord Filmar.” Could Prince Lennek null the contract? This seemed like a way out of her arranged marriage. And did marrying Prince Lennek mean she could travel throughout the kingdom no longer bound by the black tattoo on her left wrist?  
“The paperwork can always disappear,” Prince Lennek suggested. He pushed away from the window ledge and walked toward Rema, who remained frozen in the middle of the room like a trapped rabbit.
“Bren will file a protest,” she said. “And my aunt and uncle. There’s no way the paperwork can disappear that easily.” For a brief moment, Rema wished everything was that simple. She longed for a life of travel and adventure, not the dull one she had planned with Bren.
“You still haven’t answered my question,” the prince said, stopping a mere foot away from her. “Will you marry me?”
“I barely know you,” Rema whispered. Inside, she thought that this was crazy. He had to have an ulterior motive.
He took another step, closing the distance between them. “Oh, but you could,” Prince Lennek murmured, taking hold of her arms. Rema shivered as his hands sent a rush of warmth through her.
“I need to think,” she declared. Rema wanted him to leave so she could figure things out, without him intoxicating her with his presence. She dared not look into his eyes.
Prince Lennek released her. “I’ll be back tomorrow for your answer.” His finger tipped her chin upward, causing Rema to reluctantly gaze into his eyes. A slow grin spread across his face. “Until then.” His lips brushed hers. Then he was gone.
****
Rema didn’t sleep that night. Instead, she thought about Prince Lennek and his offer. The idea of traveling throughout the kingdom, discovering all the treasures and secrets Greenwood Island had to offer, was very enticing. Only the royal family and the army had the privilege of traveling freely between the seven regions of the kingdom. 
However, Rema couldn’t allow herself to indulge on the possibilities. The royal family was evil. They demanded everyone pay high taxes, they took all the food farmed and redistributed far less of it, people who spoke against the crown were executed for treason, and people were marked like sheep or cattle. 
Prince Lennek didn’t even hesitate to threaten Rema’s aunt and uncle in order to get her here. The prince was used to getting his way and had the means and expertise to do so. If she didn’t give him what he wanted, he would take it by force. Rema’s focus had to be on finding a way home to her family. Then her aunt and uncle could help figure a way out of this situation. Perhaps they could hide in their secret cave.  
The prince had said he would come today for her answer. Rema wanted to be prepared for his visit. She knew what needed to be done, and she thought she was strong enough to do it. Aunt Maya always taught her to stand up for what she believed in and to do the right thing.
The entire morning Rema paced around the room, biting her nails, but Prince Lennek never came. Her stomach growled, and she wondered if he had already forgotten about her.
There was a knock on the door and a servant entered, carrying a tray. The girl set the food down on the table between the two settees, curtseyed, and left. Rema rushed over, dropped to her knees, and ate. The plate was filled with goose, bread, and cooked carrots. There was also a bottle of wine and two glasses. Perhaps she was supposed to wait for Prince Lennek; however, hunger won the battle, and Rema inhaled the remaining food.
Resting on the settee, she was content for the moment. Rema imagined what it would be like to live with servants and have all the food she wanted. Stop, she told herself, forcing her mind blank. That was what he wanted her to do. 
The door banged open and Prince Lennek, along with his guard, entered the room. The prince wore his crown and royal-blue cape, making him appear powerful and wealthy—the type of person who rarely heard “no.” Rema was careful to keep her eyes away from his beautiful face, which reminded her of Darmik. She couldn’t afford to be enamored by his good looks.
“Your Highness, I trust you’re doing well?”
“That depends,” he replied, flopping down on the settee across from Rema. “What’s your answer?”
Best to get it over with. But before she could respond, Prince Lennek asked, “Where did that come from?” He pointed to the tray, looking confused.
“The servant brought it.” Perhaps the food was given to her by mistake. If that was the case, Rema was thankful she hadn’t touched the wine.
“An empty plate?”
“No,” Rema replied, embarrassed. The plate had been licked clean. “The servant brought a plate of food. I thought it was for me, so I ate it, but I didn’t touch the wine.”
His eyes narrowed, and he waved for a guard. “I ordered no food to be brought to Rema. Only a bottle of wine. Find out who did this and bring her to me.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” The guard’s face paled.
Prince Lennek turned back to Rema. “Now, where were we?” he mused. “Ah, yes. Your answer. What is it?”
Rema squared her shoulders, willing herself to be strong. “I am already engaged to Bren. I intend to honor that promise.”
Prince Lennek sat up straighter. “Do you want to marry me or not?” he asked. 
“No,” she firmly said. “I am going to marry Bren. The paperwork is signed, and it’s what’s expected.” Clutching her hands together, she struggled to remain calm and in control of her anger. The prince abruptly stood and paced around the room, his cape floating behind him. 
“You’re telling me no?” he asked, incredulously. 
“That is correct. My answer is no.”
Prince Lennek snarled, grabbed the bottle of wine, and hurled it across the room. It smashed against the stone wall, thousands of pieces of glass cascading down among the red liquid. Rema jumped at the sound of glass shattering and moved as far away from Lennek as she could. A string of profanities came from the prince’s mouth and for a moment, Rema feared he would hit her. She glanced at one of the guards, but he avoided eye contact. The wine pooled on the floor like fresh blood.
“I am the Crown Prince,” Lennek snarled, reclaiming her attention. “I will have what I want.” He stormed out of the room, the door slamming shut behind him. 
Even though Prince Lennek looked very much like Darmik, that was where the similarities ended. These two brothers were as different as a vicious mountain lion and a horse. 
Rema sunk to the cold, stone floor, crying.
****
The prince did not return to see Rema, nor was any food brought for the remainder of the day. When darkness finally descended, Rema moved to the door. There weren’t any voices in the hallway. Lying on the ground, she peered under the door. The two shadows of her guards remained stationed there. 
Knowing she didn’t have much time, Rema got to work. She extinguished the candles and stood in the dark, listening. Hearing nothing of concern, she grabbed the fabric that she had hidden under the bed. It had taken her almost the entire afternoon to tie the four blankets together and make knots all along them so she could use it to keep her footing. Knowing it still wasn’t long enough, Rema yanked a curtain down and attached it to the end of the blankets. Her hands shook and sweat dripped down her forehead.  It was difficult to work when she kept imagining the guards storming in to officially arrest and put her in prison.  
Once the curtain was secured, she dragged the fabric over to the windows. The left window wouldn’t budge. Rema bit her finger to keep from screaming. Moving to the window on the right, Rema unlocked it and the glass angled open. She let out a breath of air, thankful the space was big enough to fit her body through. 
After tying the end of the blankets to a bedpost, Rema threw the fabric out the window and watched it uncurl like a whip. It was ten feet too short, but there wasn’t enough time to bring the blankets back up and tie another curtain to the end. Someone would take notice. Sliding her legs out the window and down over the ledge, her feet found a knot and took hold. Rema’s hands grabbed the makeshift ladder, and she began her descent.


Darmik
Entering the king’s office, Darmik found it strangely empty. The round room with vaulted ceilings had always been one of Darmik’s favorite rooms as a child. While playing hide-and-seek, he used to go under the ornate greenwood desk or behind the velvet curtains, and no one ever knew he was there. 
Walking over to the floor-to-ceiling windows lining the one wall, Darmik leaned his head against the glass. It felt like he was standing atop a cliff and all he had to do was take a step forward to fly through the air like a bird. The thought reminded him of Rema, how she jumped off that cliff—just for fun. He wondered how often she did that, and why. Rema...with her blonde hair and blue eyes, who didn’t act like anyone he had ever met before, who he very much wanted to see again. That was, of course, if Lennek didn’t exist. Otherwise, she was best off on the other side of Greenwood Island, far away from here.
“At some point, Darmik,” the king stormed into the office, “you’ll have to learn to play the game better.”
“Of course,” was all Darmik said, still looking out the window. Did his father not understand that he had no interest in court politics? “Is Lennek home?” Darmik asked, turning around to face his father. 
“No, but I expect him shortly.” The king sat down at his desk, running his hand over his black beard, now starting to show hints of gray. Just the mention of Lennek’s name relaxed the king’s face, and he didn’t look so tense anymore.
Darmik was glad he could have this conversation about the rumor of an heir existing without Lennek present. If his brother were here, Lennek would convince their father that Darmik didn’t know what he was talking about, and that he was overly paranoid. Lennek would then suggest someone else look into the matter and a tax be levied to pay for the added expense. That’s what Lennek always did—undermined Darmik and raised taxes at the same time. 
Lennek enjoyed making others suffer all the while he was living with more than he needed. The king and Lennek knew very little about how people really lived. King Barjon rarely left King’s City. Lennek did travel on occasion, but he always stayed with wealthy landowners and avoided anything he considered dirty or unpleasant. Darmik’s jaw clenched—Lennek knew nothing about what was really unpleasant. The image of the starving girl and her dead mother was seared in Darmik’s memory.  
The king cleared his throat, waiting for Darmik to get to the point of their meeting. 
“There’s a rumor,” Darmik began.
“There are always rumors.” The king shifted papers around on his desk, his impatience for Darmik clear.
“Yes, but this one’s rapidly spreading and is potentially dangerous.” The king waved his hand. Darmik forged on, “People are claiming an heir survived.” 
King Barjon laughed. “Impossible.” He leaned back in his chair, assessing Darmik with cold, black eyes. “What are you getting at?”
“I need a way to dispel the rumor. We can’t afford to lose any more control.” How could his father fail to see the basics? Why did Darmik have to explain himself?
“I don’t care about unsubstantiated rumors,” King Barjon uttered. “Anything else?” he asked, standing to leave.
“Do you have solid proof the entire previous royal family was executed?” 
King Barjon looked at his son as if he were stupid. “Of course.”
Darmik wondered what he ever did to make his father despise him so much. Darmik had done everything the king ever wanted of him. Even now, Darmik was loyal, yet, King Barjon couldn’t stand to be around him.
Darmik clasped his hands behind his back, glad for once of all the interrogation and treaty classes he took in Emperion. Keeping his face neutral, he said, “I am the commander of your army, and it is my job to protect you. You are also my father. So besides it being my duty, it’s something I take personally and consider my ultimate responsibility.” 
King Barjon stared at Darmik, assessing him. Darmik had cleaned himself up, shaved, and was dressed in a tunic befitting of a prince. His father couldn’t complain about his appearance, but the king always found something wrong with Darmik. 
Before the king had an opportunity to take control of the conversation, Darmik asked, “Can I see your proof?” He knew he was asking a lot of his father, but he needed to know.
The king raised an eyebrow. “My word, the word of the king, isn’t good enough for you?” he asked in a low, even tone.
Darmik tried to stand his ground. “It’s not that, Father. It’s just that I want to make sure something wasn’t overlooked. We need to know, with absolute certainty, that these rumors have no basis.”
The king stepped closer, his nose almost touching Darmik’s. After all his experience hunting, Darmik knew when he was being evaluated, sized-up. The king may like having Darmik lead his army, but he didn’t like the power and control the position gave him. King Barjon probably wanted to remind his son of the king’s absolute sovereignty. 
“I’ll show you on one condition.” He looked to Darmik for his answer. Darmik took a step back, away from him, and opened his hands for the king to continue. “When Lennek finally decides to marry, you will publically support his marriage.” There was a slight twitch to the king’s face.
The request seemed simple enough—but nothing was ever easy when it came to the king or Lennek, and Darmik knew that there’d be a catch. Still, he wanted access to his father’s proof, so agreed to the demand.
King Barjon led Darmik out of the office and into the king’s bedchamber. After ordering his guards to wait outside of the door, the king closed and locked it. Hidden behind a life-size painting of King Barjon, they entered a secret corridor—one of which Darmik was unaware. Carrying a torch, the king led him down the steep, dark hallway, counting as he went. At five hundred, he stopped. Standing before the wall on his left, he counted up three stones from the ground and pushed on the fourth one. A loud groan erupted, and then the wall shifted back and to the right, revealing another corridor. Darmik followed the king down the narrow passage, which opened up into a small room. The ceiling was low, the room hot and muggy. 
The king lit another torch that was lying on the ground and handed it to Darmik. Then he moved to the far wall and pushed on a stone three from the right and three from the ground. A section of the wall slid open, exposing another dark hallway sloping downward. Darmik followed him deeper into the underground maze, the floor slippery in some places. 
When they came to an iron door, the king used a key to unlock it. He pushed it open, the door grating along the stone floor as they entered into a square room. The king walked from corner to corner, lighting the torches that lined the walls. Other than a table in the center of the room, it was empty. A dripping sound came from one of the walls, the water seeping in through the stones. How far underground were they? In contrast to the hallway and the previous room, this one was colder and smelled of rot and mildew, making it difficult to breathe.
King Barjon walked to the edge of the room and knelt down. After fidgeting with one of the twelve-inch-by-twelve-inch stone tiles, he lifted it, and then another. Darmik joined his father to help. They removed nine tiles altogether, placing them off to the side. 
Dug into the ground was a rectangular hole containing wooden boxes about one-foot-by-one-foot in size. Darmik counted six, but upon closer inspection, he realized the boxes were stacked on other ones, the hole quite deep, so he couldn’t determine how many boxes were really in the ground. On top of one of them was a large, brown, leather-bound book without any markings on its cover. 
The king slipped one hand under the book and lifted it. Moving with caution, he placed it on the table behind them, dust motes floating in the air. King Barjon peeled back the cover, which cracked from lack of use. On the first page were dozens of names connected with lines. 
Darmik leaned closer to the book. “Is this some sort of family history?”
“Yes,” the king answered. “The previous royal family. It goes back over one hundred years.”
Darmik had never seen such detailed records before. But what was the book doing down here, hidden in the ground?
“Have I ever told you the story of how Greenwood Island came to be?” the king asked. 
Darmik shook his head. Everyone who went to school learned the history of Greenwood Island from the time when King Barjon assumed the throne to the present. They never talked about what happened before. 
“Hmm,” King Barjon mused. “I’m surprised you didn’t study it when you went to the Kingdom of Emperion for your training.” King Barjon continued, “About a hundred years ago, Prince Nero of Emperion refused to marry a suitable girl from a neighboring kingdom. His parents had arranged the marriage at the time of his birth in order to ensure control of the region. However, the prince was in love with a girl from a lower class, and he refused to let her go. The emperor and his wife banished their son, hoping Nero would change his mind. By refusing the arranged match, the prince was bringing war between the two kingdoms. But Prince Nero valued his own freedom more than his people’s.” The king’s eyes sliced over to Darmik.
“May I?” Darmik asked, about to flip through the book.
The king stopped Darmik’s arm. He carefully turned the pages himself using two fingers until he came to the section they were talking about. Referencing it, the king continued, “Prince Nero had a vision of a new world without class. Since he was well liked and had many friends, several people decided to go with him. The prince took the girl he loved, Atta, and three ships with one hundred citizens. They set out for a rumored island, finding it a month later. Until then, Greenwood Island had only been inhabited by wild, untamed people with no form of government. As such, Prince Nero and Atta created a new kingdom. That’s where the blonde hair and lighter eyes come from.”
“Excuse me?” Darmik asked. He had no idea what blonde hair and light eyes had to do with anything. 
“Atta,” the king continued, “didn’t come from nobility, and like most people of the lower classes in Emperion, she had blonde hair and gray eyes.”
Darmik vaguely remembered something like that, but in military school, most cadets had blonde hair unless they were higher ranking. 
“Prince Nero and Atta brought people from all classes with them. One of the laws they established was that people could marry for love, regardless of class.” The king stopped talking, lost in thought. Pacing around the room, he continued, “Decades later, after the prince and princess had heirs and passed on, Emperion still kept tabs on Greenwood Island. The royal family refused to enter into trade with Emperion—or to have anything to do with them for that matter. Emperor Hamen decided to overthrow King Revan and Queen Kayln, wanting to establish a ruler he could work with.”
King Barjon sat on the edge of the table, next to the book.
“At the time, Emperor Hamen had no children. I was chosen because I am his wife’s brother and his closest friend. I traveled here by boat, along with an army of five thousand. The rest you know.”
Darmik was astonished his father had never told him any of this before. What else didn’t he know? “And the family records?”
“Have been meticulously maintained,” King Barjon answered. He went over to the hole in the ground and pulled out a box, placing it on the table. A name was written on the side of it.
The king opened the lid and a rancid smell permeated the air. Reaching inside, King Barjon lifted out a human skull. He placed it on the table, and then pulled out a small pouch.
“Each box contains the same thing,” the king explained. “One head and one pouch. The name listed on the outside corresponds to the box’s contents. In the pouch is a piece of skin containing the tattoo identifying the person as belonging to the royal family.”
“Your proof?” Darmik asked, sick to his stomach. The smell and thought of so much death at his father’s hands was overwhelming.
“Exactly,” the king smiled. “I personally put each head and tattoo in its box, and labeled and stored them below the ground in this room. I have the immediate royal family consisting of King Revan, Queen Kayln, Prince Davan, Prince Jetan, and Princess Amer.” It sounded like he was showing off his sword collection, not a bunch of people he had killed.
Darmik found the names written on the page. “But there are more than five boxes.”
Reaching for the book, King Barjon turned the page. “I also have the extended family,” he revealed, excitement in his voice. “I had everyone remotely linked by blood killed. They were easy to identify with my records and with the knowledge of the tattoo.” King Barjon laughed, enjoying himself.
Darmik had always known his father had proof, but seeing it solidified the fact that so many had been slaughtered for no real reason other than power. And by serving his father, Darmik was also now responsible for these deaths.
“So it’s all here?” Darmik asked, swallowing his revulsion.
“Yes. It took me over a year to get all the extended family, but I did. Personally saw to it.” There were small checkmarks in the book next to each name.
Flipping through the pages, Darmik saw that each family was broken down in more detail, including birth dates, where they lived, and how members met and married.
If King Barjon had what he said in the boxes and everything matched the book, then there was no possible way for an heir to be alive. Which meant Darmik had to verify the contents of each box against the records.


Rema
Rema didn’t want to leave the blankets hanging from the window, but there was no way to untie them from the ground. Hopefully, she would be gone by the time someone noticed. She sprinted along the side of the castle until the stables were in sight. The fastest way home was on a horse. Stealing, especially from a governor, was punishable by death. However, the risk was worth it—remaining locked up at Lord Filmar’s with the volatile prince didn’t seem like a better option.  
A large garden separated the castle from the horse pasture. Crouching low, Rema made her way alongside the bushes in the garden. When she reached the wood fence surrounding the pasture, she slid up against it. No one was about. A faint light came from the east end of the stables. She inched her way toward the open door, listening for voices. Everything remained quiet. Peering inside, the corridor between the stalls was empty. 
There wasn’t much time until her absence was discovered. Biting her lip, Rema entered. Movement came from her right, and she froze. A sleeping stable hand rolled onto his side on a pile of hay right next to the door. Once his breathing became rhythmic and heavy, Rema relaxed and made her way deeper into the barn.
The governor had often bought horses from her farm so there were several that she recognized. One in particular, a gelding that was solid brown except for a patch of white on his face, was particularly fast. Rema had even named him Lightning. Using a soothing voice, she unlatched the door and entered his stall. He greeted her with a nudge to her ear, and she laughed. 
Being cautious not to jingle any metal pieces, Rema saddled the horse. Once he was ready, she tied her dress between her legs so she could ride like a man. Her hands shook, and she had to grip Lightning’s mane to steady herself. Sweat beaded on her forehead as she imagined soldiers storming in and arresting her. 
Rema needed to be off the governor’s land before anyone noticed she wasn’t in her room. She led the horse from its stall, hoping he remained calm and steady. A basket filled with carrots hung on the wall. Rema snatched a handful, feeding them to Lightning as they neared the exit. She extinguished the lantern, and then led Lightning past the sleeping stable hand. 
Outside, they kept close to the building. Her only hope was that the governor didn’t keep men posted at the back gate. She peered around the side of the barn to get a clear view of the exit. No one was standing guard. On top of the castle, there were three soldiers walking the perimeter of the roof. After watching their patrol route, Rema discovered she had a ten-second window to remain unseen. Mounting, she angled the horse just north of the gate.
She couldn’t waste any more time. When the last guard turned the corner, she kicked Lightning’s side, and he raced forward to the wall. As soon as they reached it, Rema slid from the horse, pushing him against the stones, hoping they remained hidden. Her breath was ragged and her body numb from fear. When no shouts came, she leaned forward, watching the guards once again. When the last one went around the side of the tower on the rooftop, Rema pulled Lightning closer to the gate. Her breath came out in white puffs into the chilly night air. The next guard came into view, and she froze. Once he passed by, she slid the gate open, led Lightning through, and closed it again. Rema kept the horse against the wall, out of sight. Mounting, she looked to the rooftop for the last time. After the guards did another round, she urged Lightning forward, into the forest. 
 Using only the light from the moon, Rema made her way toward the front of the governor’s land, to the only road she was familiar with. Once she found the dirt path, she stayed next to it, hidden in the forest, until she was confident they’d traveled at least a mile. Needing to distance herself from the prince’s soldiers, Rema guided Lightning onto the road, pushing him into a full gallop. 
Riding as fast as the horse could go in the dead of night, they traveled on the same trail her uncle used. The tall trees cast ghostly shadows on the dirt road, making it hard to see. An owl hooted, and Rema jumped. Focus, she scolded herself, keep your eyes open. There wasn’t much time, and falling from the horse or colliding with a tree wasn’t an option. 
Rema didn’t know the road well enough to be traveling so swiftly, but she had no choice. As soon as she was discovered missing, the soldiers would descend upon her like wolves chasing a fat rabbit. And if those soldiers were anything like the ones that captured her yesterday, she didn’t stand a chance. 
The trees thinned, and Rema came to a fork in the road. The path going left went into her village; the one on the right went to her house. She paused Lightning to listen. Crickets chirped. No sounds of pursuit. Nudging the horse, they headed home.
It was still dark outside when Lightning skidded to a halt in front of Rema’s house. She had only been gone a little over a day, and yet, it felt much longer because so much had happened. Everything had changed. Dismounting, she ran inside and found her aunt and uncle asleep in the sitting room, dressed in the same clothes she had last seen them wearing. 
The door banged shut, and Uncle Kar jumped from his chair.
“Rema?”
“I’m home!” Rema started sobbing as she ran into her uncle’s open arms.
“Oh, honey. Are you all right? We were so worried when you didn’t come home last night.” His arms held onto her shoulders and he took a step back to examine her.
Aunt Maya woke up. “What happened?” She came over and embraced Rema. “I was scared I’d never see you again.” Her voice broke as she started crying.
Rema knew they didn’t have much time.
“I escaped. Soldiers will be here any minute. We have to go to the safe cave.”
Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar looked at each other.
“It’s time,” Maya said. 
Uncle Kar nodded. “Get your cloaks and boots as fast as possible.”
Rema ran to her room and put trousers on under her dress. Then she threw on her heavy wool cloak and tied it. Grabbing her sturdiest boots, she laced them with fumbling hands.
When she went back to the sitting room, her aunt and uncle were already there, ready to go.
“What happened at the governor’s?” Uncle Kar asked.
“Not now,” Rema pushed the back door open. “We can talk in the cave. Let’s go.”
They rushed outside. Rema went toward the barn.
“No,” Kar said. “We can’t take the horses.”
“What!” Rema exclaimed. She had no intention of leaving Snow behind.
“They’ll be able to track us too easily. We have to go on foot. Now move. There isn’t much time.” Uncle Kar looked to the barn, his eyes glassy. “We need to put as much distance between them and us as possible.”
Maya led the way toward the forest.
“But we can’t just leave them here,” Rema said, afraid for the horses. “Who will feed them? What if we’re gone for a week? They’ll starve to death.”
Uncle Kar stopped.
“Keep moving,” Aunt Maya demanded.
Rema stood between them, torn.
“I’ll take care of it,” Uncle Kar said. “You two go on. I’ll meet you at the cave.”
“Kar,” Maya said, “Rema’s our priority. Now let’s go.”
“I know,” he responded. “But I can’t let the horses fend for themselves. I’ll go by Bren’s and ask him to look after the animals. His place is only a mile away, and if I run, it’ll only take me fifteen minutes.”
Aunt Maya kissed Uncle Kar’s cheek. “Be careful,” she said. Then she grabbed Rema’s hand and headed into the dark forest, leaving Kar behind. 
“Hopefully no one has discovered I’m gone yet,” Rema said.
“We need to prepare for the worst-case scenario. Assume they’ll be here any second. Keep moving.”
The sky was turning gray. Within twenty minutes, they would no longer be shielded by the night. 
“Should we run?” Rema asked.
“No. Just focus on not leaving a trail.”
After five minutes of silence, Aunt Maya spoke softly. “Rema, what happened?”
Rema gave her aunt a condensed version of the dinner party, being locked in the bedchamber, and Prince Lennek’s proposal.
“Did he say why he wanted to marry you?” Aunt Maya asked.
“No. He said the reasons weren’t my concern.”
Aunt Maya’s breathing was strained. Rema hoped her aunt would make it to the cave.
“But did he say anything about your name?” Aunt Maya asked.
“No.”
“Anything you thought was crazy or absurd?” 
“No. Why? What are you getting at?” Rema asked. Aunt Maya never talked just to fill the silence. Everything she said had a purpose.
“We’ll talk about it at the cave. Keep moving.” 
Now that they could see better with the rising sun, they moved faster.
A piercing scream echoed through the forest, causing birds to leave the safety of the trees and fly into the air. Rema froze. 
Aunt Maya turned to face her, tears filling her eyes. “We have to go faster.”
“Was that Uncle Kar?” Rema stammered.
Aunt Maya walked quietly over the dry leaf flooring of the forest. There was another scream, longer this time, ringing through the air. It sounded like someone had yelled, “Run.”
“We can’t leave him!” Rema’s voice cracked.
Aunt Maya stopped, her entire body shaking. “We must stick to the plan. It’s what he would want us to do. We can’t go back.”
But they couldn’t possibly leave him behind. They had to help. Rema turned and headed back the way they’d come. 
“Rema, no!” Aunt Maya ran to catch up with her. “You can’t let the king get his hands on you.”
“Prince Lennek wants me, not the king. And I won’t sacrifice my uncle.”
Aunt Maya looked stricken. Rema kept moving, and her aunt reluctantly joined her. Together, they ran to the edge of the forest, and then stopped, surveying the large, open field. The horse pasture was filled with soldiers. Through a part in the mob, Rema got a clear view of Uncle Kar on his knees, blood running down the side of his face. His shirt was torn open, and his chest was covered with blood. The soldiers’ swords were all drawn and pointed at him.
Rema reached for Aunt Maya’s hand and squeezed it as they crouched down into the tall grass.
“We don’t stand a chance. I have to protect you. Let’s go.” Maya pulled Rema back toward the forest.
“No,” Rema said, letting go of her aunt’s hand. “I have to try.”
“You’re unarmed and only one person. You can’t fight twenty soldiers.”
A soldier shifted, blocking Rema’s view of Uncle Kar, but giving her a clear view of Prince Lennek. He stood next to Kar, his cape floating in the wind. Rema was about to rush forward when a loud metal bang came from inside the barn. It sounded like a bucket they used to feed the horses had fallen from the wall, crashing onto the ground. 
Prince Lennek pointed toward the barn, and a soldier left the formation to investigate. It looked like Uncle Kar was saying something, but Rema was too far away to hear what. Keeping low in the tall grass, Rema crawled forward while Maya followed behind her. When they were about fifty feet from the barn, the soldier exited, dragging someone behind him. Rema held still, trying to see who was in the soldier’s grip.
The soldier yelled, “I found this man inside the barn!” He dragged Bren toward the circle of soldiers. Bren struggled, his face bloody. The soldier put his sword next to Bren’s neck.
Prince Lennek spun toward them. 
Uncle Kar tried speaking, but a soldier stepped forward and backhanded him across the face. 
“You will not speak, unless spoken to!” Prince Lennek sneered. “What’s this? Who is this man? Identify him.”
The soldier holding Bren shoved him inside the circle, forcing Bren to his knees. He lifted Bren’s arm and read his band. “This is Bren, eighteen years old, engaged to Rema.”
Prince Lennek stepped toward Bren, staring at him with hate. “You have been caught stealing. The punishment is execution.”
“No!” Bren cried. “I didn’t do anything!”
“Silence!” Prince Lennek screamed. Then softer, “Kill him.” He took a step back. 
Bren’s eyes went wide. A soldier stepped forward, lifted his sword, and drove it straight into Bren’s stomach.
Rema screamed and leapt up out of the deep grass, bolting toward them.
Bren fell forward, both of his hands clutching the sword protruding from his body. Rema was vaguely aware of her aunt and uncle yelling, but her focus was on Prince Lennek. She wanted to kill him.
When Rema got near Lennek, a soldier collided with her, knocking her over. The soldier pulled Rema to her feet as she thrashed her body, trying to break free.
“Enough!” the prince hollered.
Rema glanced over just in time to see both her aunt and uncle on their knees, swords pointed at their chests. She stopped struggling.
Bren had fallen to his side, blood soaking the front of him. 
“Bren! Can you hear me?” Rema cried.
He wheezed and gasped for air, spitting out blood. Rema couldn’t hear anything except a buzzing in her ears. The world around her seemed to swirl away. 
The soldier loosened his grip, and Rema broke free. She dropped to her knees next to Bren’s body. Gathering him in her arms, his blood soaked through the front of her dress. Rema shook her head—this could not be happening.
Bren gurgled, and then coughed weakly. He didn’t inhale again. His lifeless hands slipped from the sword to the ground. Rema pulled the sword from his stomach, and clenched it tight. Her hands shook as she pointed it toward the prince. The soldiers all tensed, but Lennek raised his hand and they stopped advancing.  
Rema lowered the weapon and sat in the field with Bren’s body strewn across her lap, her tears dripping onto his face. The blood from his chest turned dark red, almost black. Bren’s face turned a grayish white, no longer looking alive. The blood covering Rema’s hands like gloves became sticky as it started to dry. This was all her fault.
Prince Lennek cleared his throat. “Are you done?”
Rema laid Bren’s body on the ground, and then stood to face the man responsible for his death. She clutched the sword and took a step toward him. He pointed to his right where Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar were still at the mercy of the swords. Rema took another step closer to the prince and a sword was pushed into Aunt Maya’s clothing, about to pierce her skin. It looked like someone had already sliced Uncle Kar from naval to chest, blood dripping down the front of his abdomen. Now the sword rested above his heart. Rema threw her weapon to the ground and took a step back. The points of the blades moved an inch away from her aunt and uncle.
“I understand,” she said. 
“My little escape artist,” Prince Lennek smiled. “We meet again.” He stood before her with a smirk on his face. “What? No reply? This is quite shocking. Let’s hope this day ends better for your family than it did for Bren.” He spoke Bren’s name like it was poison. “Rema,” he said, facing her. “Now that the marriage contract between you and Bren is void, will you marry me?”
Everything clicked into place. Prince Lennek had Bren killed not for stealing, but in order to end the marriage contract. It was the only way he could marry Rema since the governor had already signed it.
Two soldiers stepped forward, taking Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya’s hands, forcing them to the ground and spreading their fingers against the dusty earth. Then each soldier took his dagger and placed it over Kar and Maya’s quivering hands. Her aunt sobbed and her uncle looked grim.
“I’m waiting for your answer,” Prince Lennek said. The daggers cut into the tops of Uncle Kar’s and Aunt Maya’s fingers, blood welling.
Rema looked at her uncle. He shook his head. “No, Rema. You can’t.”
She knew there was no way out of this. If she didn’t agree now, they would start by cutting off her aunt and uncle’s fingers one by one. Then they would move to bigger body parts until either she consented, or her aunt and uncle died. Rema couldn’t allow anyone else to suffer for her actions. She had the power to save them, and she would. 
Sucking in a deep breath, she said, “Prince Lennek, you do me much honor. I would be pleased to marry you.” Her words were laced with acid.
“No!” Uncle Kar yelled. A soldier hit him on the back of his head. 
“Stop,” Rema screamed. 
Prince Lennek came within inches of Rema. He grabbed her face with one hand and leaned toward her. “Like I said, I always get what I want,” he hissed. “Keep that in mind. We can do things the easy way or the hard way. Understand?”
A soldier raised his sword above Aunt Maya’s head. Rema feared that if he knocked her out, she would never recover. “Of course, Your Highness,” Rema said. Lennek released her face. She wiggled her jaw, making sure it was still intact.
The prince said, “Let’s go home. I’m sick of this vile place.” He stomped out of the pasture, and his steward came forward.
“Prince Lennek wishes to return to King’s City immediately. You’ll be coming with us,” Arnek said. 
“Rema!” Aunt Maya screamed, blood dripping down her hand. 
Rema ran to her aunt and uncle, falling to her knees. She embraced both of them, wanting to comfort and tell them it would be fine. But that would be a lie.
“Let’s go,” a soldier said.
“Remember what I gave you,” Aunt Maya said softly into her ear as they embraced. “It holds the key.” Rema had forgotten all about the warm necklace lying against her chest. 
“And we’ll let him know where you’re being taken,” Uncle Kar whispered. “He’ll find a way to get you out of there.”
Rema had no idea what her uncle was talking about. She was about to ask when a soldier took her arm and pulled her toward the house.
No, things most definitely would not be fine.


Darmik
After hauling out the top two rows of wooden boxes, Darmik had to climb into the rectangular hole to reach the remaining ones. The structure was lined with wood, a ladder built into one side. When he reached the bottom, Darmik estimated he was seven-feet deep. 
King Barjon quickly became bored and left his son alone in the room. Darmik removed his tunic, tossing it up onto the table. Wiping the sweat from his brow, he continued to lift the remaining boxes out of the hole in the ground, sliding them onto the floor. Several times, he had to climb out and push the boxes to the far end of the room, making space for the remaining ones. When the last box was shoved up onto the floor, Darmik climbed out and surveyed the mess. There were forty-one boxes total.
Darmik moved between the boxes, making his way to the table. He flipped the pages of the book to the last family record. The easiest way to verify everything was to put the boxes in order. He started with the king and queen. After locating their boxes, he stacked them on the west side of the room. Then Darmik found the boxes for the two princes and one princess. He lined these boxes up next to their parents. Moving onto the queen and king’s brothers and sisters, Darmik organized the extended family.
Once all the boxes were arranged, Darmik started with King Revan. Placing the wooden box on the table, he lifted the lid. The smell was overwhelming—an odd mixture of decaying rats mixed with smoke. Darmik held his breath, reached in, and pulled out the skull. Then he checked the pouch for the tattoo. Both were accounted for so he replaced the contents, and closed the lid. He let out his breath—forty more to go.
Queen Kayln’s box was also intact. Checking their children, both Prince Devan and Prince Jetan’s boxes were complete. Darmik opened the lid for Princess Amer, lifting out her skull. It was much smaller than the other ones—his hand easily covered more than half of it. Princess Amer must have been an infant. That was a little disconcerting—the idea of decapitating a baby and cutting off her tattoo. Darmik checked the records. Sure enough, the princess was only six months old when she was murdered. 
Carefully placing Princess Amer’s skull back in the box, Darmik pulled the pouch out and opened it up. It was empty. He went back to the record book. There was a note stating that babies didn’t receive their tattoo until the age of one. Why didn’t the tradition start until then? In case the baby died? In Emperion, the royal family and those linked directly by blood were tattooed in visible areas to reveal their status. Darmik was unaware of any secret tattoos, like those used here, to identify the royal line. 
Moving on, Darmik continued to verify each box’s contents. It took him a little over an hour to check everything against the book. Every single head and tattoo was accounted for. There was no way for an heir to be alive.
Unless.... Darmik went back to Princess Amer’s information. She was six months old and the skull was in the box, but no tattoo. Babies weren’t marked until age one. Yet, the kingdom now tattooed babies shortly after birth. Darmik assumed the royal family would want their babies tattooed immediately to prevent someone from switching them—putting a commoner in a royal’s place. 
Darmik drummed his fingers on the table, lost in thought. His father obviously knew Princess Amer didn’t have a tattoo. That’s why he marked the book stating that tattoos weren’t given until age one. If this was correct, then there should be some sort of documentation. Darmik just had to find it. Once that was done, he would have solid proof to dispel the rumors.
****
When Darmik entered King Barjon’s office, his father was holding a letter, grinning from ear to ear. “Lennek will be home shortly,” he announced.
Of course his father would be pleased—the favorite son who could do no wrong was returning from his vacation. Lennek’s entire life was one big vacation.
Darmik’s life, however, was centered on work. He had only been at his father’s castle for a couple of days and already things had fallen into a routine. Darmik woke up early and trained with his army. Then he met with his lieutenants and messengers, giving their daily reports regarding the status of each company. Afterwards, Darmik liked to take a ride with a small squad of soldiers on the nearby lands just outside the city walls. It offered him the freedom and peace he needed before attending a formal dinner followed by dancing. Then it was off to bed, only to do the entire thing again the next day.
He never stayed at court long. 
Most often Darmik was needed elsewhere, and he liked to spend equal time with each company. He tried to avoid the castle, only staying at home as duty required.
Over the past couple of days, Darmik had searched through various records, trying to verify that the royals received their first tattoo at age one. 
“Father, I want to discuss the tattoo matter with you,” Darmik said, sliding in the seat across from the king. 
“There’s nothing to discuss. I’ve shown you proof,” the king practically spit at him, his smile now gone. “Besides, we have more pressing matters.” 
Darmik wondered what was more important than maintaining control of the kingdom. 
“Lennek,” King Barjon continued, “will be returning with his bride.”
Darmik wondered if this was the reason Lennek had run away to Jarko, because his brother would never settle down—not unless he had to.
“And I want you to remember our deal,” the king reminded Darmik. 
Their deal—everything with the king was some sort of bargain, with his father always coming out on top. 
“Yes,” Darmik said, “I won’t forget. And I’ll do my part and support his marriage. I just didn’t realize it would be so soon.”
“They will arrive in a few days. We’ll announce their engagement and have a celebration.” 
“A celebration? With the state of the kingdom as it is? Do you think that wise?” 
Darmik’s thoughts drifted to the little girl back in Telan with her hair matted, face dirty, and holding the stiff hand of her dead mother. Had she starved to death like so many, or was she still alive? It was wrong for the king to throw a large feast when so many in the kingdom were hungry.
“Did you forget who you’re speaking to?” The king’s face reddened as he gripped the edge of the desk, turning his knuckles white.
“I’m sorry, Father. Of course we’ll celebrate,” Darmik forced himself to say. “Who did you pick for Lennek’s bride?”
“I didn’t. It was difficult enough getting him to agree to settle down. I allowed him to choose his future wife.”
A painful memory threatened to overwhelm Darmik, but he shoved it aside.
“The only recommendation I made, was that the girl be from the lower class.”
“I don’t understand,” Darmik said. “Wouldn’t you want him to marry a wealthy landowner’s daughter?” 
After all, that’s who Lennek usually seduced at court. Darmik couldn’t imagine how upset the landowners would be once they found out Lennek was marrying a commoner.
“We need stability,” the king responded. “Lennek marrying lower will help bridge the gap between classes. The workers, merchants, farmers, everyone will see her as their future queen. She can help calm the rioting. She will be our tool.” The king sat back in his chair, giving Darmik a measured look. The weight of his words hung heavy in the air between them.
Once again, his father didn’t think Darmik could adequately control the situation. Regardless, it was an excellent decision. Darmik would rather bring stability and peace to the kingdom through marriage, rather than violence. 
“Your Majesty.” A steward entered, bowing. “The court is ready for you. Petitions will begin once you are ready.” 
“We’re done here.” The king stood and left, his royal-blue cape floating behind him.
Darmik wanted to ride the black stallion—he needed the freedom of flying through the air and the calmness that riding brought. 
Crossing the courtyard from the castle to the royal stables, two young women stopped in front of him and curtseyed. He vaguely recognized them—one was a daughter of a governor who spent the season here at court, the other was her cousin. Both wore nearly identical dresses—heavy silk with lace, and their arms were linked. Although they were pretty, neither compared to Rema in her plain dress with her fiery personality and piercing eyes. Darmik attempted to pass when the one addressed him further.
“Will you be at dinner this evening, Your Highness?” Her voice was fluting and kind, but also fake. 
“Yes, I’ll be there,” Darmik answered. “I have a few more days before I leave.”
“Perhaps we will see one another tonight. And if it’s not too forward, will you give me the honor of the first dance?” she asked sweetly, but her eyes were cold and lifeless. Her cousin gripped her arm in fear, her eyes locked on Darmik’s sword. 
Darmik couldn’t even remember either of their names. He hated that most women were only interested in the crown, and not him as a person. Most were afraid of him since he was the commander. Usually Darmik avoided dancing and slipped out once dinner was over. After all, no one ever missed him, especially when Lennek was around.
“I would be honored to dance with you,” Darmik politely replied. She batted her eyes, and Darmik resumed walking, forcing them to move aside and let him pass. As soon as their dance was over, he would leave. He hoped he wasn’t inviting this sort of thing to happen more often.
Entering the stables, the smell of hay and horses made his body instantly relax. The stable hand, Sonya, led his horse out of the stall, saddled and ready to go.
“Your Highness,” Sonya said. “You’re running late today. I trust you’re well?”
“It is,” Darmik responded. “Thanks for getting him ready.”
“My pleasure,” Sonya said as he mounted.
The prince nodded and stormed out of the stables on horseback.
After all the pretentious people, the same thing day in and day out, Darmik wanted something different. His mind drifted to Rema with her exotic looks and never-ending curiosity. If only he could ride straight to Jarko and find her. Urging his horse faster, Darmik distanced himself from the castle. 
Today, he rode alone.


Rema
Rema forced all of her rage to remain hidden inside. If she wanted to keep her aunt and uncle safe, she had to leave with the prince. When the time came, and Rema was certain it eventually would, she would make Lennek pay for murdering Bren and threatening her family. 
Placing one foot in the front of the other, Rema moved away from the pasture toward the rear of the house. She glanced back and saw Aunt Maya sobbing on her knees while Uncle Kar embraced her. Bren’s lifeless body was strewn next to them.
“Any day now,” Arnek said, coming to where Rema had stopped. He took hold of her wrist, pulling her inside the house. “Change your attire. You’re filthy.”
Rema hurried to her room, grabbing the first dress she came across. When Arnek turned his back to her, she pulled off her clothes, feeling vomit rise in the back of her throat. The bloodied dress dropped to the floor, reminding her of Bren’s lifeless body, crumpled. After she changed, she moved to the washbasin, splashing water on her face and hands, the water turning red.  
“Prince Lennek is ready to depart.” Arnek took hold of her arm, leading her from the house. 
A massive, dark brown carriage stood with six horses harnessed to it. The entire thing was surrounded by two-dozen mounted soldiers. 
Arnek stepped forward and threw open the door, almost hitting her. 
Inside, two cushioned bench seats faced each other, with several royal-blue pillows for back support. Lennek was sitting on the far side in the forward-facing seat, tapping his foot.
The prince’s head slowly turned her direction. “A little faster, Rema. I don’t like to be kept waiting.”
Stepping into the carriage, Rema sat down on the bench, catty-corner from Prince Lennek, wanting to put as much distance between them as she could. Arnek slammed the door shut. 
Rema looked through the glass window at her house. She pictured Uncle Kar, smiling, as he rode one of his horses back from town. Aunt Maya’s stern expression while she carried another bucket of water to the barn. Bren chasing Rema around the front garden, both of them only five years old, laughing. 
To keep from crying, Rema pinched her own arm, forcing her mind away from the memories.
The carriage lurched forward, and Rema wondered if she would ever see her aunt and uncle again. She pressed her hand against the necklace resting on her chest, the only piece of Aunt Maya she had to take with her. Rema glanced back to see if any of the soldiers had stayed behind. It didn’t look like anyone did. 
Prince Lennek patted the spot next to him, bringing her attention back inside. She did not want to sit any closer to the vile man, but she feared his temper and of what he was capable. Shifting to the other bench, she sat on the same side as Lennek, but pressed up against the door, as far away from him on the bench as possible. The prince chuckled, not pushing the matter any further. 
When they rode over the hill out of her small town, all Rema saw were fields of wheat. Bren’s house, the forest, and everything she had known and loved were gone. Rema glared at the prince. 
“Next time, I suggest you do things the easy way.” Prince Lennek laughed. “This was far too much work. I hoped to be back in King’s City by now, not in the bloody middle of nowhere.” His hand lay on the seat between them, his fingers drumming against the soft fabric.
Rema didn’t respond. She wanted to yell and scream at Lennek, blaming him for Bren’s death, but Rema didn’t want to put her aunt or uncle in further danger. Biting the inside of her cheek, she inhaled a deep breath, and focused her attention outside the carriage. 
The scenery blurred. Rema remembered the time Bren had taught her to shoot a bow and arrow. When she had showed him how to jump off a horse, grabbing hold of a tree branch. And playing hide-and-seek. She had been afraid marriage would’ve confined her. Now Rema would take a life without adventure if it meant getting Bren back. Guilt consumed her—his death was her fault.
She pictured Bren’s lifeless body in her arms, sticky blood covering her hands and dress. The metallic smell making her sick. There were still traces of his blood in the lines of her skin and under her nails. Closing her hands into fists, Rema looked back out the window. Prince Lennek’s face reflected in the glass with a sadistic smile. 
There was a rustling sound as the prince slid toward the center of the bench, his hand still resting on the seat between them. Then he slowly moved his hand closer to hers until it was only inches away. The left side of her body pressed against the side of the carriage. Prince Lennek’s hand wrapped around hers. It felt like snakes slithering up her arm. 
He fingered her band. “When we get to the castle, I’ll make sure this is taken care of since you’re no longer engaged to him.”
Rema tried to squeeze her fingers out of his grip. Lennek chuckled, and then released her. 
She wanted to punch his face. How dare he touch her—this horrible, evil man, who had killed Bren and taken her away from her family?
Her nails dug into her arm. Rema hated him. If only she could open the carriage door and shove him out.
“Suit yourself,” Lennek continued. “It’s a long ride, and you’ll eventually talk to me.” He smiled at Rema, mocking her.
How did so many live under this royal family’s oppression? Why did no one stand up and fight? Surely, fighting for what was right and what one believed in was worth the risk. Because if no one stood up against this tyranny, it would continue until they eventually lost their land, livelihood, and homes. 
Though she was only one person, and female, she swore she’d find a way to fight this royal family.
Forcing her attention back to the countryside, she remembered that Darmik was part of the royal family. In fact, he was Lennek’s own brother. What was Darmik doing right now? Riding through various parts of the island? Maybe she’d catch a glimpse of him somewhere. Her heart pounded faster just thinking of him.
The carriage continued forward. Although Rema had never been in the northern region of Jarko, there was a familiarity to it. Bright-green rolling hills were separated by forests that were dark and foreboding. Trees so tall she had to crane her neck to see the tops. Every so often, they passed a small town in the distance. Their party only stopped once to change horses, and Rema didn’t speak a word to the prince for the rest of the day.
When they reached the border between Jarko and Kaven, they stopped at an inn for the night. It was a large, gray, stone building that looked like a lavish house. This definitely wasn’t a place travelers, traders, or merchants used; it was a spot for wealthy, vacationing nobles. Dozens of servants, dressed in white clothing finer than what the common citizen wore, exited through the intricately carved wood doors. They dropped to one knee in greeting. The carriage door opened, and a soldier helped Rema down. Lennek exited behind her.
“This’ll have to do,” the prince said. “Arnek, give the orders.” 
The mousey man spoke to a soldier wearing a plumed helmet. The soldier yelled instructions, and the guard dismantled. In all the commotion, Rema heard a servant say that one of the prince’s men had ridden ahead, to warn the inn that they were coming, and as a result, the entire place was empty of guests and the staff doubled. 
A short and chubby man addressed the prince. “Your Highness.” He knelt. “I am the owner of this fine establishment. If there’s—”
“Arnek,” Prince Lennek interrupted. “Take care of everything. And see to my room. I’d like to get out of my traveling clothes and have a drink.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Arnek answered.
Prince Lennek went inside, a trail of servants and guards following him.
“Um.” The owner looked at Rema, his face red.
“This is Rema,” Arnek snidely said. “She’s a horse merchant’s niece and is traveling with the prince.”
Rema wondered why Arnek despised her. And what was wrong with being a horse merchant’s niece? After all, Arnek was a servant, too.
“I understand,” the owner said.
A few people moving about looked at Rema with raised eyebrows or sneers. Rema had no desire to be degraded in such a way. “No, you don’t,” she said, demanding the owner’s attention. Arnek’s eyes widened. “I insist I have my own room.”
“I’ve duties to attend to,” Arnek mumbled. “Clearly, I’m not needed here.” 
The owner nodded, and Rema thought she saw a spark of compassion in his eyes. He whispered to a servant girl, who approached Rema, curtseyed, and said, “This way, miss.” 
She led Rema inside. There was a small foyer with a large sitting room beyond it. The girl took Rema to a grand wooden staircase, up two flights, and down a long hallway. She ushered her into a room with a small table, two chairs, and a bed off to the side covered with a yellow quilt. The walls were painted pale yellow. The pink curtains were stitched with white flowers, and they billowed against an open window. 
“I’m sorry you’re on the same floor as...but it was the best that could be done, given the situation,” she said softly.
Rema nodded. Two soldiers had followed them to the room. “You can leave,” Rema said to them. 
“We have orders to guard the door. We’re your protection,” one answered. They stood in the hallway on either side of the door.
“Very well,” Rema replied. She walked over and closed her door so she could have some privacy.
“So,” Rema said to the servant. 
The girl looked about fifteen and was very thin. Her knees were thicker than the rest of her legs and bones protruded from her shoulders.
“This is the third floor?” Glancing outside, Rema felt like she was standing atop her cliff back home. She sucked in a breath, and looked at the extravagant courtyard below. Two additional guards were posted on the ground, ensuring she didn’t escape this room the way she had at the governor’s. 
“Yes, miss,” the girl replied, staring at Rema with wide eyes. She had probably never seen blonde hair or blue eyes before. “Is there anything else, miss?”
“No. I’m fine, thank you.” Rema tried to smile.
 The girl curtseyed and left, closing the door behind her.
Staring at the forest in the distance, Rema wondered what she would see tomorrow. She had never been this far from home, nor had she been so far from her family. 
Hopefully, since Prince Lennek had her in his possession, Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar would be safe. But what would happen when Rema did something to displease him, or he became bored with her? Would Lennek dare send his men to threaten her aunt and uncle again? Would her only family be used as leverage to get her to do whatever Lennek wanted? Rema shuddered.
Aunt Maya’s words came back to her. Remember what I gave you. It holds the key. Rema felt the necklace lying beneath her dress. A small sense of hope took root.
The servant girl knocked and entered. “Miss, Prince Lennek wants you to join him for dinner. I’ll escort you.”
There was no way Rema could eat, especially with Lennek, after witnessing Bren’s death. “Please tell the prince that I’m not feeling well and am going to bed.”
The girl curtseyed and left. 
Once alone, Rema’s fingers felt for the clasp at the back of her neck. She unlatched the delicate gold chain. Holding the necklace in her palm, Rema fingered the heart-shaped red ruby diamond and the cylindrical shaft of solid gold. Maybe Uncle Kar had given the expensive necklace to Aunt Maya as a wedding gift.
Someone knocked. Rema closed her fingers over the key and turned to see the servant girl enter with an angry, red welt on the side of her face.
“Are you all right?” Rema rushed to examine the girl’s cheek. Rema’s stomach twisted—she knew, without a doubt, that this was her fault as well.
“I’m fine, miss,” the girl replied quietly.
“What is your name?”
“Lilliet.”
“Did the prince do this to you?” Rema demanded.
Lilliet lowered her head. “He did. And he said that no one is to feed you. You eat with him, or not at all.”
Rema had no respect for a man that hit anyone—especially a female servant. How could Prince Lennek be so cruel by ordering Bren’s death, physically hurting people, and abusing his power? Shouldn’t a prince be a leader for his people? A person of exemplary constitution and someone they could all look up to? A protector of the civilians that made up the kingdom he ruled over?
Tears filled Lilliet’s eyes. 
“Then I guess it’s a good thing that I’m not hungry,” Rema replied.
Lilliet smiled, and then winced in pain. “Do you need anything else, miss?”
“No, don’t worry about me. But please,” Rema said, “let me know if there’s anything I can do for you.”
Lilliet curtseyed and left. 
There had to be a good number of people that Prince Lennek had offended or made enemies of over the years. Maybe Rema wasn’t alone in her quest to rid the kingdom of him.
Sitting down on the edge of the bed, Rema examined the necklace again. Aunt Maya had said it held the key. Well, obviously, it was a key. She turned it over. There was a line down the side of the shaft. Running her finger along it, Rema felt a small bump and pressed it. The shaft opened like a book. 
Mesmerized, Rema examined the inside. On the left was the number “2” and on the other side was writing. It was very small, and Rema had to scoot closer to a candle in order to read it.
REMA
remember to always look 
back
and you’ll be
OK
but not at night, only in the
AM
Trust in him,
Your family
Rema certainly didn’t expect a riddle. She reread the message again. Aunt Maya had said it was a precious family heirloom. Rema’s wristband stated her birth name was Tabitha. However, her aunt and uncle never called her by that name, not even when they were mad at her. When Rema asked about it once, Aunt Maya said that “Rema” was just a nickname. Perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well? She tried to recall if she’d ever been told about another Rema. Nothing came to mind.  
There was a knock. Lilliet entered discretely, carrying a bag. She closed the door behind her.
Rema put the necklace back on and slipped it under her dress. “How are you doing?”
“Fine, thank you.” Lilliet fidgeted with the strap on the bag. “Um, I have something for you. I hid it in this pack.” Lilliet opened the bag and pulled out a small bouquet of flowers. “These are for you. My mom grows lilies. She wanted you to have some to brighten up the room. I put the yellow sunflower in there because it reminds me of your hair—the coloring.” 
They were beautiful and smelled sweet. Lilliet put them in a jug of water, and then pointed to the bag. She whispered, “There’s also food and water in there.”
“For me?” Rema asked. Lilliet nodded. “Thank you.” She was shocked she was being treated so kindly. Lilliet curtseyed and left.
Although she wasn’t hungry, Rema knew she needed to eat in order to maintain her strength. If she was going to find a way to stop Lennek, she had to be alert at all times. Besides, eating felt like a small victory since he had ordered no one to bring her any food. Opening the bag, Rema found an apple, a small water skin, and some meat wrapped in bread. She forced herself to eat as much as she could.
With a full stomach, Rema climbed under the covers and stared out at the moon. Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar could be looking at the moon right at this exact moment—safe from their home. They were probably furious with Rema for going with Prince Lennek. But it was worth it. She would do anything to ensure their safety. 
Her focus right now, however, needed to be on deciphering what the message in necklace meant and discovering what Lennek planned to do with her. He obviously had a motive and a reason for choosing Rema. If only there was someone who could help her figure this out. 
Darmik’s image flashed through her thoughts like a shooting star—there one minute and gone the next. If he was willing to warn her about Lennek at the river, then perhaps he was aware of, and didn’t agree with, his brother’s actions. However, the chances of seeing him again were slim. Darmik roamed the island, leading the army.
Rema smiled and felt her face flush. Shaking her head, she tried to rid herself of all thoughts concerning Prince Darmik. 
****
When they set out the next day, Lennek chose to ride his horse rather than sit with Rema inside the royal carriage. She was glad to have the time alone, able to look at and enjoy the scenery without his presence reminding her of all she’d lost.  
The land they rode through changed from green, rolling hills and trees to large, gray mountains. The soft ground became rocky and rough, making the carriage bounce around. Off in the distance, Rema saw what she assumed were the Middle Mountains. Uncle Kar had told her stories about them when she was a child. Mostly how difficult it was to survive the rugged terrain, so as a result, no one lived there. The steep mountains were so large that they disappeared into the clouds.
Over the next couple of hours, the mountains continued to loom ahead of the carriage, never seeming to get any closer. When the light faded, they stopped again at an inn for the night. 
The next day, to Rema’s dismay, Prince Lennek joined her in the carriage. “Miss me, darling?” he asked, laughing.
Rema was done ignoring him. She needed to figure out what game he was playing, otherwise, she had no hope of winning. “Yes,” she said sarcastically. “I was dying of boredom without you.” 
Prince Lennek’s eyes were keen, understanding more than she intended.
“Good,” he said, playing along. “We need to get to know one another a little better before we reach King’s City.” 
Prince Lennek slouched on the seat, putting his muddy boots up on the velvet bench across from them, appearing disinterested. Rema hated to admit it, but he was handsome. The side of his lips curled as his eyes sliced over to her. She’d been caught staring. Conceited, she thought. He was beautiful, and he knew it. Rema hated the idea of finding a murderer, someone so vile and repulsive, attractive. It sickened her. She focused her attention outside the carriage and remembered Bren, beaten and bloody from orders given by the prince.
“When we reach the city,” Lennek said, “I’ll introduce you to the people. Then I’ll propose, you’ll accept, and a huge party will be given in our honor. We’ll be married in a few weeks.”
“Why wait so long?” she asked, the hatred seeping through. “What if you get tired of me and change your mind?” 
“Hmm,” he smiled, as if contemplating how much to reveal. “You needn’t worry. Everything is going according to plan.”
It was only a matter of time before Rema discovered what Lennek was up to.
Today the mountain range was closer—cold and unwelcoming, rising straight up into the sky. They were topped with snow and desolate of trees. No wonder nothing survived up there.
“I want to make sure you play the part,” Lennek said, recapturing her attention.
“And what would that be?” She glared at him. “Just so we’re absolutely clear.” 
Prince Lennek chuckled softly. “Rema, darling, you are a feisty one.” Feisty? He had taken her away from her family. He had ordered Bren’s death. Rema was filled with rage.
Lennek’s countenance changed. His eyes turned shrewd, the lines of his face hardening. There was a ferocious quality to him that sent a chill over her body. “You will maintain your place.” He must have seen the confusion on her face. “You’re a horse merchant’s niece. Don’t you ever forget that.”
“How could I possibly?” she harshly said. 
“Hmm,” he mused. “Then make sure you don’t forget that I am the Crown Prince, and as such, you are obedient to me.” His menacing eyes penetrated into hers.
Rema tried to control her emotions. There was no way Prince Lennek could know how afraid she was of him. “I understand, Your Highness,” she said, bowing her head, mocking the prince.
Lennek turned so his entire body faced hers. Rema tried to focus her attention outside the carriage, but he reached for her chin, forcing her to look at him. Their eyes locked. “You are going to be my wife,” Lennek said in a low, cold voice. “You will be royalty. Do you understand?”
“No. I don’t,” she answered as his nails dug into her chin. “Let go of me.” Rema knew she was out of line by making demands, but she wanted to know what she had to work with—how far she could push him until his temper exploded.
Lennek smiled wickedly at her. “You’re mine now. Get used to it. I’m giving you everything. Show some gratitude.”
 He leaned closer. She could smell him—an odd mixture of rosemary and horse. Rema refused to close her eyes. 
“And don’t forget, if you don’t play the part to my satisfaction, I know where your aunt and uncle live. I won’t just have them killed. They’ll be brought before you, tortured while you watch, and then slowly dismembered.” 
He released Rema’s face, pushing her away from him like she was cow dung. Lennek slid back into his side of the carriage, no longer looking at her but at a sapphire ring on his finger—the ring of a prince.
The next day, the scenery once again changed. The mountain range gradually transformed into low, rolling hills, and the greenery came back like a welcome blanket. But what amazed Rema the most was what lay in the opposite direction, to the east. It looked like the land abruptly ended and the clouds hung level with the carriage. 
Lennek noticed her fascination. “That’s the ocean,” he said. “You can’t tell with the fog.”
“What?” 
He pointed out the window. “In a few hours, you’ll be able to see it.” 
The ocean was something Rema had only ever dreamed of seeing. Climbing onto her knees, she tried to get a better view, but the white mist was too thick, concealing the mystery beneath it.
As the day wore on, the fog dissipated and Rema finally got her first glimpse of the sea. The water went on forever—farther than she could comprehend. It was dark blue, almost black, and the sun’s light sparkled on it.
Lennek knocked on the window, and the carriage pulled to a stop. At first, Rema assumed they were changing horses, but Lennek stood and pulled her from the carriage, keeping a firm grip upon her arm.
“What’s going on?” she demanded.
“You need some etiquette lessons,” Lennek sneered. 
“I’m sorry,” she politely said. “What’s going on, Your Highness?”
He yanked her behind the carriage, and Rema stumbled. The royal guard formed a loose circle around them.
“It’s obvious you’ve never seen the ocean,” he said.
“So?”
“So...I thought you’d like a closer look.” His face was unreadable.
Oh. Rema didn’t think a kind and thoughtful Lennek was possible. 
Lennek led Rema away from the road, his men opening a path for them. When they reached the edge of the land, Rema gazed out in amazement. The green grass ended and the land abruptly dropped straight down. The cliff, composed of black and gray stones, glittered in the sun. Fifty feet below, the water pounded against the land, spraying and making a raging noise like it had a life of its own.
Rema leaned over the edge to get a better view. Lennek’s hand tightened on her arm.
“Do you think I’m going to jump? That I’d choose death over being married to you?” she asked.
“The thought never crossed my mind; however, pushing you over the edge did.” He squeezed her arm harder, and Rema yelped.
All he had to do was nudge her. She felt stupid for walking right into his trap. She should have known better—a nice Lennek didn’t exist. She would have to remember that for next time. Slowly, Rema tried to slide her feet back from the edge, shifting her weight away from the cliff, but his hand on her was strong. He wouldn’t let her move. 
She refused to beg for her life. Rema’s rage matched the angry, turbulent ocean below. She wanted to scream and kick at the prince, but he was stronger and had the upper hand. 
“Don’t you trust me?” Lennek asked. He grinned, as if he enjoyed watching the panic swim across her face. 
“No,” she answered, her heart slamming against her chest. 
“Good.” He pulled her away from the ledge, closer to his body. “You’re honest.” Sweat dripped down the back of her neck. “If I ever catch you lying to me,” Lennek whispered in her ear, “I’ll kill you.” His hot breath felt like acid. Prince Lennek released her and walked to the carriage, never looking back. Rema fell to her knees, a bruise already forming where Lennek’s hand had held her arm.


Darmik
“The rebel’s base camp isn’t near the bay,” Darmik said, exasperated. They had been going around in circles for over an hour. 
“But look at the map,” Neco gestured toward the paper spread out before them on Darmik’s desk. “The heaviest concentration of the rumor is near the bay.”
“I agree,” Erikk said. He scooted closer to the edge of his chair to get a better view of the map. “That’s the most likely location.”
And that was precisely why Darmik suspected the base camp was nowhere near the bay. Darmik sighed and crossed his arms. “Erikk, gather the rest of my personal squad. I want everyone ready to leave in one hour.”
“Yes, Commander.” Erikk jumped up and sprinted out of the office, leaving Darmik and Neco alone.
“We’re leaving?” Neco asked. Darmik nodded. “But isn’t Prince Lennek due to arrive soon?”
He was. They barely had a week before Darmik needed to be back in King’s City for the official announcement. 
“Neco,” Darmik dropped his arms to the desk and leaned over the map. “Look again.” Neco studied the paper. “There are two areas of concentration—and both of them are in Telan.”
“Yes, but the towns near the base of the Middle Mountains are small and sparsely populated. The bay cities make sense, not the villages.”
“It does if the rebels’ camp is near the villages, and not at the bay,” Darmik said. There were hundreds of unknown caves at the base of the Middle Mountains—enough to conceal the rebels.
Neco rubbed his eyes. 
“And the port towns,” Darmik tapped the map. “There are three major cities within a close proximity to one another.”
“But the rumors have only been linked to two of them.”
Darmik pointed to Trenek, the third city located just north of Telan in Adder. “That’s why we’re moving out. I suspect the rumors will surface here. And time is of the essence if we want to capture the rebels.”
****
Darmik and his squad rode hard for two days, only stopping at night for a few hours of sleep. When they reached the outskirts of Adder, they exchanged their uniforms for plain clothes. Darmik broke them up into groups of two so they wouldn’t attract any attention.
The pairs continued separately to Trenek. After Darmik and Neco stabled their horses at an inn on the outskirts of the city, they walked the remainder of the way.
Trenek was a border town in Adder close to Telan and the water. It was one of the oldest and largest cities on Greenwood Island because of its location next to the bay. The buildings were mostly stone structures built a hundred years ago, made to withstand storms. However, everything was severely discolored from the crisp, cool, salty air. 
The streets became crowded as suppertime neared, and the larger ships returned to port with their day’s catch. The smell of fish and salt hung heavy in the thick, musty air.
“Commander, there they are again,” Neco said. He and Darmik strolled down one of the main roads lined with shops that passed through the center of the town.
People walked with large wicker baskets on their backs, transporting fish and various goods to the market.
“I see them,” Darmik answered, noticing the three men up ahead. 
“They look like they don’t belong, only, I can’t say why,” Neco commented. Touching the brim of his hat, he signaled the pair of soldiers thirty feet behind them to be on alert for a potential confrontation. When undercover or doing surveillance, Darmik liked to have his men spread out, yet close enough in case of trouble.
Agreeing, Darmik scrutinized the three possible rebels. The suspects were all in their mid-twenties, wearing plain brown pants, worn shirts, and dirty boots. The men walked down the main street not talking to one another. If they were men just off work, they most likely would’ve entered a tavern. But so far, the men had passed by every single one. 
The three suspects crossed the road and headed in the direction of the town’s largest market. 
“I want a better look,” Darmik said. “Let’s go.”
Neco turned his hat around, signaling the pair of soldiers to join them.  Once they caught up, the four of them turned down a side street and sprinted a few blocks north. When Darmik was confident they were well ahead of the suspects, they went back to the main street, now traveling south. Darmik and his men stopped outside a tavern, pretending to wait for someone. 
Searching the sea of faces, Darmik found the rebels walking straight toward him. As the suspects passed by, the man on the left, closest to Darmik, lifted his arm, scratching his cheek. The man’s index finger had a heavy callous running along its side as if from rubbing the cross guard of a sword—odd that this man’s hand would harbor a sign of combat training.
“I want them held and questioned,” Darmik whispered under his breath, realizing what was wrong. The suspects’ bodies were muscular from heavy labor but their hands and arms were clean, not stained or cracked from a day’s work. 
Darmik knew, without a doubt, that these men were spreading the rumors and once they entered the market, it would be impossible to follow all three of them. The suspects needed to be grabbed beforehand.
“Let’s go,” Darmik said, pushing away from the wall and following the rebels. 
Darmik and his soldiers weaved through the crowd, slowly closing in on the men. The suspects stayed on the main street, passing the blacksmith, a shoe cobbler, and another tavern. 
“There are an awful lot of civilians about,” Neco said.
“If we grab them quickly, no one will interfere,” Darmik said. They were one block from the market. “Ready?” His soldiers nodded.
One suspect glanced back at Darmik. Then all three rebels stiffened, their hands disappearing into pockets and jackets. The men knew they were being followed. 
“Grab them!” Darmik ordered. He slipped his sword from its scabbard, keeping the blade low. There was no way this was going to be done quietly.
His men drew their own weapons at the exact same time the three suspects split up, running in different directions. Darmik followed the man on the left. A second later, he realized Neco was pursuing the same person. That meant his other two soldiers were going to be fighting one-on-one. 
People scattered as Darmik and Neco darted through the crowded streets. Darmik ran after his suspect, yelling at the civilians to stay aside so he wouldn’t lose sight of the rebel he pursued. An elderly woman dropped her basket right in front of Darmik. He leaped over it and continued on, his feet pounding on the ground, sprinting as fast as he could. The suspect skidded and turned down a side street as Neco and Darmik remained fifteen feet behind him. 
Rounding the corner, there were two merchants up ahead. They were using a pulley system to get their net loaded with goods up to a third-floor dwelling. As the rebel ran past the men, he took out his knife and threw it at the rope, cleanly slicing it through. The net crashed to the ground, goods smashing everywhere on the road. 
The rebel turned down another side street, out of sight. The merchant yelled at Neco, demanding he pay for the damage. Neco didn’t hesitate—he ran through the mess, stumbling a few times before rounding the corner in pursuit of the suspect. With Neco gone, the merchants turned to Darmik. 
The man closest to Darmik reached for him. Darmik hated to hurt an innocent man, but time was of the essence. Ducking, Darmik took his sword and smashed the pummel into the civilian’s head. The civilian dropped to the ground, wounded but alive. The other man threw his hands in the air, stepping away from Darmik.
Darmik continued. Turning down the side street, he found Neco standing a foot away from the rebel, his sword pointed at the man’s chest. The suspect feinted left, and quicker than Darmik ever thought possible, the rebel’s elbow smashed into Neco’s face. Blood dripped to the ground and Neco fell, unconscious.
The man turned to face Darmik, pulling out a dagger.
“Impressive,” Darmik said, trying to get a sense of the man’s intensions. He was glad the man hadn’t killed Neco—it certainly seemed within his abilities.
“Commander,” the rebel responded, his face full of concentration.
So the rebel knew who Darmik was, and yet, he still wielded the knife. Interesting. “I want to ask you some questions,” Darmik said. “Put down your weapon, and I won’t hurt you.”
The suspect raised his dagger in attack. Darmik lifted his sword to parry the blow—and found himself flat on his back, his legs kicked out from under him. It was hard to get over the shock. Darmik hadn’t been so easily leveled since training in Emperion.
But he had no intention of going quietly. Letting go of his sword, Darmik shifted his body weight, throwing himself back into a standing position. He immediately punched the rebel’s shoulder—not where Darmik had intended, but at least he struck him. Darmik automatically blocked a blow and hit the man’s wrist, causing the rebel’s dagger to fall to the ground. 
“Behind you!” Neco shouted, sitting up.
Darmik turned to see the other two suspects running toward him with weapons drawn, his soldiers nowhere in sight. So these men hadn’t been apprehended either. When Darmik turned back to his opponent, the rebel was gone. Darmik swerved, ready for the other two—only they were running away from him instead of toward him. Shaking his head, he chuckled. He couldn’t help but appreciate the well-orchestrated diversion. 
Neco stood on shaky legs and looked to Darmik.
“Ready?” he asked, wiping the blood from his chin.
“Leave them,” Darmik commanded. He and Neco would never be able to catch them in Neco’s condition, and Darmik needed to find his other soldiers. “They were well trained. Using techniques I’ve never seen,” Darmik said, breathing heavily. “Neco, things are going to get interesting around here.” He patted Neco on the shoulder.
“Yes, because there isn’t enough excitement as it is,” Neco dryly replied, wiping blood from his nose.
The two went back to the main street where they found the other pair of soldiers, unharmed. 
They bombarded Darmik with questions, but Darmik shook his head, ordering his men to be quiet. “Rendezvous point, one hour.” 
Everyone nodded in acknowledgment, and the group divided. 
“Neco,” Darmik said, taking a side street. Neco was still covered in blood and attracting too much attention. “You’re going to stay here with ten soldiers. You’ll organize a search of the city and flush out those rebels. Do whatever you have to, but I want one captured and brought to King’s City for interrogation.”
“Yes, Commander.”
“We’ll make a big production out of leaving. Hopefully they’ll see, and then you can double back after dark. Catch them off guard.”
Neco smiled. He always loved a challenge.
****
Darmik and his remaining soldiers reached King’s City two days later. He guided his horse down the main street of the city, which led to the military compound and then to the castle. The road was always clean and gave the illusion of wealth and grandeur. It was mostly trafficked by the wealthy or people coming into or out of the town. The shops lining the main road had to be approved by the king, and as a result, only the most expensive stores, businesses, and counting houses lined the road. Most of the city’s commerce was on the cross streets, and one only had to turn down any of them to find how the majority of the city really lived.
It always amazed Darmik how different this town felt compared to others throughout the kingdom. And not just in terms of the size and population, but the way people behaved and treated the royalty. Here, the outright hostility was gone; however, civilians in King’s City did have better lives than those throughout the rest of the kingdom. There was still poverty, but people weren’t starving to death on the streets. The king wouldn’t want to see that. Darmik had to keep in mind that these people lived in the king’s backyard with an entire company of the army stationed here. Of course everyone would behave living under these circumstances.
Up ahead, closer to the castle, thousands of people were gathered together in the street. The only time this ever happened was when King Barjon spoke. If the king had already started speaking, then Darmik wasn’t going to make it to the castle in time for the announcement.
A squad of soldiers on horseback charged toward Darmik and his men. When they met, the corporal ordered everyone to surround Prince Darmik. An ensign came next to him and hoisted the flags.
“Welcome home, Commander,” the corporal said. They turned down one of the side streets in order to avoid the crowded road up ahead. It felt like he entered another world. All the businesses were closed. No one was about. The entire place felt abandoned, lifeless. The king must’ve ordered everyone to attend the announcement.
“Has King Barjon or Prince Lennek spoken yet?” Darmik asked. He couldn’t remember the last time he had traveled the roads when they were so deserted. Looking up, tall, stone buildings with dark windows surrounded them, and Darmik felt exposed. The quiet cobblestone streets were eerily silent—not even the children were playing about. The horses’ hooves echoed between the buildings. 
“Yes, Commander. Prince Lennek is introducing his future wife as we speak.”
Darmik wondered who the unlucky girl was.  
“Did you manage to get her name, Corporal?”
“No, I did not. He was just bringing her out on the balcony when you were spotted. I left immediately to escort you.”
“Has the king asked for me?” Darmik was supposed to be on the balcony for the announcement. It was part of his deal with his father—to publically support Lennek’s marriage.
“Yes, sir. That’s why the captain had us on the lookout for you.”
“Let’s pick up the pace then.”


Rema
As the sun descended, the sky darkened. They were close enough to King’s City so they didn’t have to stop for the night. After riding in the carriage for nearly two weeks, Rema’s legs were tight and her back sore. Soon, she would be able to stretch her limbs and walk around. At least, she hoped that would be the case. Rema was excited at the prospect of experiencing the city. No one from Jarko had ever seen King’s City since travel was forbidden. But, what was going to happen once they reached it? Where would she be taken and how would she be treated? 
“Bloody hell. Why aren’t we there yet?” Lennek mumbled. “I could use a little entertainment.” He snickered, briefly glancing over at Rema. This was the first he’d spoken to her since that day at the ocean cliffs. 
Rema glared at him. All the rumors she had heard about Lennek seemed to be true. His actions so far had proven him a pompous, arrogant, self-righteous pig. She hated him. Rema turned her attention back outside the carriage. The land here was bare, no buildings in sight. After a few miles, Rema finally spotted the city up ahead. Its sky glowed a dull orange from the lights, looking like the entire place was on fire. The town was easily one hundred times larger than her small village in Jarko. The sight was breathtaking.
When they neared the massive stone wall surrounding the city, Lennek yanked the curtains closed.
“Can I open my side?” Rema asked. “I’d like to see King’s City.”
Lennek smiled at her. Rema couldn’t tell what he was really thinking. “It’s dark outside,” he said. “Everyone is in for the night.” 
Rema thought it would be nice to look at the buildings. Were they similar to the ones in other towns? Or did they have a look and feel all their own?
“Don’t worry that pretty little head of yours,” Lennek said. “You’ll be able to see everything tomorrow from the castle. We sit atop a hill overlooking the entire city.”
Rema kicked herself for allowing her emotions to show and not perfecting the blank expression on her face yet—that would require more practice.
The carriage finally stopped. The door opened and Lennek descended, turning back and holding out his hand to her. As his eyes narrowed, Rema saw the warning in them. It was time to play her part.
Rema carefully placed her hand atop Lennek’s, trying not to shudder at his touch. Exiting the carriage, she took a deep breath and squared her shoulders. She could do this. Stepping onto solid ground, Rema looked up. Her mouth dropped open. A royal-blue runner led from the carriage up a flight of stone stairs. At the top stood a man wearing a crown and a silver cape—King Barjon. Lines of soldiers holding torches stretched away from him on either side, lining the grand, six-story structure with round towers. The glow from the fire bounced off the ivory-colored stones of the massive castle, creating a stunning effect.
Lennek guided her up the stairs to the awaiting king.
“Kneel immediately when we reach the top,” Lennek whispered. 
Rema nodded, and then realized she was clinging to Lennek’s hand. She loosened her grip. At the top, they stopped before King Barjon and knelt.
“Welcome home, my son,” the king said loud enough so the people who had gathered to watch the prince’s return could hear. These individuals were dressed in clothes similar to what the people had worn at the governor’s dinner party. They had to be nobles and wealthy landowners staying here at court. 
Lennek stood and replied, “Father, I have the honor of introducing Rema to you.” Lennek nudged her.
Rema didn’t know if she was supposed to talk and was afraid to open her mouth in fear of saying something inappropriate. As much as she hated the situation, she didn’t have a death wish. Rema settled on, “Your Majesty.”
King Barjon’s dark eyes were shrewd and calculating as they raked over her body. He looked like an older version of Lennek. The king’s head nodded ever so slightly. “Welcome,” was all he said. Then he turned, his cape flowing in the wind as he went through an archway that led into the courtyard behind him. 
Despite the heat from all the torches, Rema shuddered. There was something about King Barjon that made her cold all over.
****
The next morning, Rema awoke on a soft, feather mattress—quite different from the stiff straw one she was accustomed to. The bed was so large that it could have fit five people. 
Stretching, Rema slid out of the soft, silk covers. She walked over to the window and pushed the navy curtains aside. Squinting into the morning sun, she gasped. The view was breathtaking. King’s City was so large that she could barely see its edge. It lay before her like a forest of different colored buildings, which stood so close together, they appeared to touch one another. Rema tried to open the window, but it wouldn’t budge. Looking closer, she saw someone had pinned it shut. At least they didn’t remove my blankets, she thought wryly.
“Good morning,” a skinny young woman wearing castle livery said from the doorway. She had black hair pulled into a neat bun, brown eyes, and freckles covering her nose. “My name is Ellie, and I’ve been assigned as your chambermaid. Your breakfast is ready in your private sitting room, just through that door.”
“There’s another room besides this one?” Rema asked, stunned. Her aunt and uncle’s entire house could have fit inside this bedchamber. 
“Yes,” Ellie answered, trying to suppress a smile. “Prince Lennek has placed you in one of the castle’s suites.”
“But this isn’t his room, correct?” Rema asked. “I mean, he won’t be staying here, will he?”
The servant stared at Rema a moment before answering. “No, my lady. The prince’s quarters are in another wing. His rooms are much larger and grander.” Grander than this? The bed had a silk canopy wrapped around the rare goldwood frame. Real gold was embedded in the woodwork, and soft rugs adorned the marble floor. She knew the king was wealthy, but this exceeded her wildest expectations.
Ellie lifted her arm, indicating the doorway to the sitting room. Rema was glad she wasn’t expected to appear before the king or prince for breakfast. That gave her more time to think of a plan. Last night, a guard had escorted her here and locked the door. She hadn’t seen or talked to anyone until now. 
Rema went into her sitting room and sat down on a blue and white striped settee, facing the stone fireplace. There was another chambermaid standing against the far wall next to a tray of food on a low table.
“The prince wants you dressed and ready by noon,” the girl announced, not looking into Rema’s eyes. She appeared to be young, about Rema’s age. 
“For?” Rema prompted.
“The proposal, I assume,” the girl replied in a nasty tone, her hands balled into fists. This servant’s attitude reminded Rema of Arnek. 
“Cassie, I’d like a word with you,” Ellie said.
Both chambermaids exited the room. When the door opened, Rema caught a glimpse of the castle’s hallway. Two soldiers stood guarding the door. Cassie slammed the door shut, but Rema could hear them arguing. After a minute, only Ellie reentered.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “Cassie has some other duties to attend to. Please eat. I’ll help you dress when you’re done.” Rema was glad Cassie had something else to do. It was difficult enough just being here, Rema didn’t need another person treating her in a harsh manner.
Rema felt guilty having breakfast in front of Ellie. “Do you want something to eat?” she asked. “There’s more than enough food.” Her plate was piled with eggs, bread, and berries.
Ellie’s eyes widened, and she glanced at the door. “Um, no. Thank you.”
“I’m not going to eat all of this,” Rema said. “And it’d be a shame to waste the food.” The girl shifted her weight from foot to foot, looking like she wanted to devour everything on the plate. “Here,” Rema handed Ellie a slice of bread.
“We’re not supposed to,” Ellie whispered.
“Doesn’t the castle feed its servants?” Rema asked. 
“Yes, we get bread and water twice a day, but we aren’t allowed to eat outside of the mess hall,” Ellie said.
Bread and water wasn’t enough to live on. The king seemed to have more than enough money based upon what Rema had seen, so why weren’t the servants fed better? And what harm was there in sharing with a servant?
Once Rema finished eating, they went into the bedchamber to get ready. Ellie opened the armoire, revealing a stunning dress. Rema had never seen anything so elegant before with its tight-fitting bodice and layer upon layer of thick, blue silk, bedecked with hundreds of tiny, blue pearls. Rema reached out, brushing the sheer white sleeve with her fingers.
“Prince Lennek had this delivered early this morning, while you were still sleeping.”
Rema pulled her hand back, not wanting to like anything Prince Lennek gave her.
Loosening the ties, Ellie removed the dress from the hanger. “It’s beautiful.”
Rema took off her brown, scratchy, wool dress. It fell to the ground with a soft thump. 
“Ready?” 
Rema nodded. Once the dress was on, she would be ready to play the part of a compliant fiancée—even though hurt, rage, and revenge ran through her veins. If Lennek thought he was getting his way, then, hopefully, he would let his guard down, allowing Rema to formulate a plan. Because she wouldn’t stop until she had escaped the prince and her aunt and uncle were safe. Permanently. 
Ellie slid the dress over Rema’s head and tied the back of it, securing her firmly inside the material. “You’re stunning.” 
Rema sighed. “Thank you. But I’m still me—fancy dress or not.”
Ellie grinned, her eyes sparkling with amusement. “Come, sit down. I need to do your hair.”
It felt good to sit on the settee. Rema’s back ached, and her legs were sore. She had no problem shoveling hay, getting buckets of water, or riding a horse all day, but put her in carriage for two weeks straight, and she was a mess. Ellie carefully brushed out Rema’s hair, then braided it with blue silk ribbons and flowers, humming while she worked.
Ellie seemed nice enough, certainly better than the other chambermaid, Cassie. If Rema was to have any hope of escaping the prince, then she needed allies, especially since she didn’t know the politics here inside the castle and at court. 
Ellie moved to stand in front of Rema, while twisting another ribbon into Rema’s hair. Ellie’s sleeves rose to her forearms, revealing her band and tattoo.
“I don’t recognize your mark,” Rema said. Ellie’s tattoo was a dark black crown with gray swords crisscrossed behind it.
“It’s because I wasn’t born in one of the seven regions, but here in the castle.” Ellie finished Rema’s hair and took a step back to admire her work.
“I don’t understand.”
“Any servant who gets pregnant while in the king’s service forfeits their child to the king. My mother became pregnant while working as a maid in the kitchen in the king’s castle. Now I’m in the king’s service for life.” There was a hard edge to her voice. 
Rema didn’t know what to say.
“That’s why Cassie is so mad,” Ellie lowered her voice.
“What?” Rema exclaimed, her eyes widening at the revelation. “She’s pregnant?” Ellie nodded. “I didn’t realize Cassie was married. She seems so young.”
“She’s not married.”
“Then who is the father? Another servant here in the castle?”
“Prince Lennek,” Ellie whispered, taking a seat next to Rema.
Even though Rema had heard several rumors about the prince wooing wealthy young ladies, it still shocked her that he actually took a servant into his bed. But why was Ellie revealing such personal information regarding Cassie? “Who else knows?”
Ellie shook her head. “No one. Not even the prince. If he knew, he’d make sure the baby didn’t live a minute beyond its birth. Cassie figures pretending the father of the baby is a servant and having the child taken into the king’s service is better than the newborn being killed.”
“Why are you telling me this?” 
“I thought you should know,” Ellie said, taking hold of Rema’s hand. “Be careful. Prince Lennek isn’t someone to trifle with. Remain alert at all times.”
There was a knock on the door, and two armed guards entered.
“Hold on,” Ellie said, stranding up. “Let me take a look at you before you leave.” Ellie smoothed Rema’s dress and adjusted one of the ribbons in her hair. “You’re ready,” she smiled.
“Thank you.” Rema squeezed Ellie’s hand. 
One guard led the way while the other one followed behind Rema. Hallway after hallway blended together. All the walls were the same ivory-colored stone, the floors white marble. The only people they passed were dressed in palace livery, hinting that they were in the servants’ wing. 
After going through a set of doors, they entered an open corridor filled with paintings and tapestries. The first guard stopped at an archway and stepped aside. In the room, the king and prince leaned close to each other, speaking with hushed voices. Rema stood, waiting to be acknowledged and permitted to enter. 
Three of the walls in the small room were dark blue with portraits of King Barjon hanging on them. Rema shuddered, too many cruel eyes staring at her. There must be a picture for each year the king ruled Greenwood Island. The last wall was windowed, and in its center was a six-foot-wide, royal-blue curtain, blocking the view of the balcony on the other side. 
“Let’s begin,” King Barjon announced. He waved a hand in Rema’s direction while a short man that had been standing in a corner scurried forward, placing a cape on King Barjon’s shoulders. 
The guards led her to one of the chairs in the room, and then stood on either side of the doorway.
Lennek approached Rema, placing his hands on his hips. “You’ll be before thousands of people. Don’t look so bloody scared. You’re supposed to be in love. Smile.”
She nodded her head.
The prince rolled his eyes and spun around. “Arnek, is he here yet?”
Rema glanced at Lennek’s tall frame and wide shoulders, and instantly remembered Darmik. Could the king and prince be awaiting Darmik’s arrival? Her stomach twisted just thinking of the possibility of seeing him again.
“No, Your Highness,” the mousey man answered.
“Check again. We’re about to start.” Prince Lennek moved to the curtains where King Barjon stood. 
Two men pulled the fabric aside, revealing the balcony. The king walked out onto it, the curtains sliding shut behind him. A loud applause arose. Rema heard the king talking, but she couldn’t hear what he said. 
Lennek paced back and forth, glancing at the doorway every couple of seconds. “Where is he? Father promised he’d be here.”
Cheering arose and the curtains opened. Prince Lennek glared at the door one last time before joining his father out on the balcony. A guard by the curtains motioned to Rema. She made her way across the room, standing before the blue fabric. 
“People of Greenwood Island,” Lennek bellowed, his voice somehow amplified. “I have searched the entire kingdom for a wife. Someone who would help me be an exceptional ruler. Someone who would herself be a blessing to this island. I have found that person, and she is one of you. Everyone, I want you to meet your future princess.”
Rema’s hands, sweaty and shaking, grabbed desperately onto the fabric of her dress as she tried to calm herself. When the curtains pulled aside, Rema froze. One of the soldiers took her arm and shoved her onto the balcony. Stumbling, she caught hold of Lennek’s hand to steady herself. A hush fell over the crowd. Hundreds of people stood below in a large, stone courtyard. Beyond the courtyard, a road leading back down into the city was also lined with people.
Thousands of eyes were upon her. “She is a horse merchant’s niece,” the prince continued. Rema backed away, panic taking over, making it difficult to breath. Lennek squeezed Rema’s hand, pulling her closer to his side. “One of you.”
The applause reverberated throughout the courtyard. The announcement seemed a success. Prince Lennek smiled—a real smile that lit up his eyes—almost making Rema want to smile right along with him. Almost.  
Scanning the crowd, Rema felt uneasy. Even though everyone was cheering, she didn’t see any smiles, and there were dozens of soldiers throughout the crowd. 
Her feet slowly inched backwards. Rema wanted off the balcony and away from this royal family. She had no desire to be associated with them, nor did she want the people to think of her as their future princess. Even though she was going along with Lennek for now, she did not intend to marry him.
Rema’s foot caught on the back of her dress, throwing her off balance, her hands flying out to grab onto something. That something turned out to be the king’s cape. It was enough to steady herself, until the king ripped it out of her hands, glaring at her.
“Sorry,” she mumbled.
Lennek seized her arm. “What are you doing?” 
“I’m sorry,” she repeated.
Lennek looked at her like she was a fool. Rema pulled her arm away from him and rubbed it.
“Churl,” the king murmured to Rema, wrinkling his nose in disgust. Then he faced the people below, opening his arms as if to embrace them. “People of Greenwood Island!” he yelled. “Thank you for coming. We will be celebrating my son’s marriage soon!” He spun around and glided off the balcony, back into the room. 
Rema glanced out at the crowd. The mood had shifted. All eyes were still on her, but several people smiled, a few even nodded.
“Let’s go,” Prince Lennek said, pinching her elbow and escorting her back into the room. 
“Where is he?” the king yelled.
“Your Majesty,” Arnek replied, “he has just arrived.”
The king grunted and left the room. Lennek released Rema’s arm. She wondered if the he they referred to was Darmik or someone else. 
“He’s here?” Lennek asked his steward.
“Yes, Your Highness. Main courtyard.”
“Guards,” Lennek shouted, “take Rema to her room. Quickly!” Lennek mumbled to himself, “It’ll be on my terms. I won’t let him ruin this.” 
The two guards ushered Rema from the room and to the left. She swore they had entered from the other direction. Like before, one guard walked in front and the other one behind her. 
The trio traveled through several hallways, just like her trip here, but this time, the corridors were covered with tapestries and paintings. They must have been in the main part of the castle instead of the servant’s corridors. Rema tried to get her bearings, taking note of the paintings at junctions and looking out windows when she could. If she was ever afforded the opportunity to escape, she wanted to have some idea of where she was in the massive castle.
The sheer size of the place was overwhelming. Everyone from her village could easily live inside the castle. How did these guards even know where they were going? When they rounded yet another corner, everything started to blur together. All the tapestries depicted similar generic pictures—gardens, flowers, or open land. Even the windows offered little help. The city was in the distance but nothing stood out to her.
“What level are we on?” Rema asked. 
The guard in front of Rema continued walking without answering.
The one behind her cleared his throat. “Fifth floor, my lady.”
Rema glanced back at him. He had an odd expression, like he was curious about something. They continued. The end of the corridor opened onto two dozen balconies overlooking a central courtyard below with a domed, stained-glass ceiling above. The sun shone through the multi-colored dome, casting red, blue, and yellow light onto the pristine white marble floor. Rema moved to the edge of the railing, observing a large water fountain with a statue of King Barjon wielding a sword. Water cascaded from his feet down into the pool surrounding it. 
Several groups of elegantly dressed people stood around the courtyard talking, quiet whispers filling the air. One group, however, was louder than the rest. Rema focused on them, wondering what was going on. There were about a dozen men, all dressed in the King’s Army uniform. One of them stood out in front of the others, like he was issuing orders. He looked a bit like Prince Lennek, tall and confident, the soldiers listening intently to him, focused on his every word.
The soldier glanced up at the balcony across from Rema where King Barjon was storming down the hallway. The king leaned over the side and yelled, “Prince Darmik, I need to speak with you. My study, now.”
Rema’s hands tightened on the railing, her knuckles turning white. The soldier was Darmik. Her face warmed, and she wished he would look her way. Of course, it made sense Darmik was here—the king was his father and he was a prince. 
Fingers slid around her upper arm, urging her on. “Don’t stop, Prince Lennek will get mad,” the guard whispered. They went down another hallway away from the courtyard. Rema was certain they had just come this way.
Darmik was here, in this very castle. Rema still remembered how he had warned her when Prince Lennek was coming, giving her the opportunity to leave before he saw her. Did that mean Darmik was aware of his brother’s true nature? Maybe Darmik knew what Lennek really wanted with her—but would he be willing to help her? Rema shook her head. Trusting or enlisting anyone’s aid would be dangerous, especially Prince Lennek’s own brother. 
“Bloody hell,” the guard behind her mumbled. Rema glanced up. Walking directly toward them was Prince Lennek. 
“What’s going on?” the prince asked. His eyebrows bent inward in confusion. 
Darmik’s voice echoed behind them. Lennek’s eyes widened and his nostrils flared. Rema took a step back. 
“Get her into her quarters,” he demanded. “Quickly.”
Both guards took hold of Rema’s arms and ushered her past Prince Lennek, picking up the pace. The prince’s footsteps pounded close behind. Rema shuddered. 
Stopping before the large, wooden door to Rema’s room, a guard unlocked it. 
Rema entered and moved to close the door when Lennek shoved past her. 
“Leave us,” he ordered the guards. There was a flicker of sympathy on their faces as they closed the door, leaving Prince Lennek alone with Rema. 
Lennek stood in the middle of the sitting room with his arms crossed, staring at her. He stepped closer, and she backed away. Her body went cold, like she was lying in snow.
“That won’t do, darling,” Prince Lennek pointed at her, tsking. The light caught on his sapphire ring. “Tomorrow night, you will be presented before the court. Every facial expression, hand gesture, and blink, will be scrutinized,” Lennek said. “I want to remind you that we are engaged, in love, and will be married. I expect you to play your part flawlessly. Otherwise, well, otherwise your poor aunt and uncle will have a nasty accident like Bren. Are we clear?”
Just hearing Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya’s names spoken by Lennek made Rema’s stomach twist. She wanted to spit in his face—but she knew better. 
Her aunt and uncle had always taken care of her, and she loved them dearly. When Rema was only eight years old, she had been out riding Snow when he was spooked and she was thrown from him. Before she could roll out of the way, Snow stepped on her ribcage. Luckily, Uncle Kar was there. He pulled her to safety, carrying Rema home for over two miles. Aunt Maya bound her ribs and sat at her bedside for days. Rema remembered Aunt Maya crying and telling her that she wished she could take away Rema’s pain. 
Rema would protect her family—no matter the cost. 
Smiling sweetly, Rema responded, “Of course, my love,” her words dripping with sarcasm. 
Lennek chuckled. He reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her body against his. With the weight of the dress, she fell into him. Quickly regaining her footing, Rema pushed herself upright and away from Lennek, but he didn’t release her.  
“Start playing the part,” he whispered, lowering his head to hers. Rema did not want to kiss this man who had Bren killed and threatened her family. She would rather die. But she had to think of Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya. They didn’t deserve to be hurt because of her. 
Rema needed to be alone so she could figure out what Prince Lennek wanted with her. Perhaps she could negotiate her aunt and uncle’s freedom. A plan suddenly formed. 
“Don’t you want a wife that is pure?” Rema asked. His lips were about to touch hers. Lennek’s hot breath coated her face like fire. “I assume you would honor your future wife, respect her. Especially if you want the same from me.” She had an intense desire to shove him away but, instead, forced her body to remain still.
The prince had an odd smell to him, like he had bathed in rosemary. Rema no longer liked rosemary. “Don’t you want our first kiss to be at our wedding? So everyone can see?” she asked.
“Hmm,” he mused. “Clever and feisty. I can’t wait to break you.” Rema kept her face clear, even, and controlled, even though she was shaking inside. “Fine.” He backed away. “You win this round. It’ll look like I’ve conformed for you. Good.” Chuckling, he sauntered out of the room.


Darmik
“Where the hell have you been?” King Barjon hollered, his face distorted with rage.
Darmik moved to the center of the study, keeping the desk between him and his father. “I’m sorry I didn’t make it in time. There was an altercation.”
Lennek mumbled something, stifling a laugh. He slouched on the settee off to the side, his feet resting on the low table. Lennek almost looked guilty—like he used to when he was a child and tattled on Darmik for something that wasn’t Darmik’s fault, just to get him in trouble.
The king balled his hands into fists. Darmik knew there was nothing he could say or do to calm his father down. 
“You were supposed to be out on that balcony with us. We were supposed to be a family—united.” The king paced back and forth in front of the tall glass windows. “We had a deal.”
 “I’m sorry, Father. I got here as fast as I could. I expect the remaining soldiers to return with our prisoner shortly.” He hoped the boon would help, but the king didn’t look impressed.
“Sometimes, Darmik,” he spat, “you need to put your family and your responsibilities to us first. You are still a prince, or have you forgotten that? You need to start acting like one.”
Darmik bit back his reply and waited for his punishment. There was no use arguing or defending himself. 
“There will be a celebration feast tomorrow, and Lennek’s fiancée will be presented to the court,” King Barjon said. “You will dance with her, publically supporting the marriage. Agreed?” Darmik nodded. “Oh, and one more thing.” The king stood before Darmik with his hands resting on his hips. “You will stay here, in King’s City, until after the wedding. You won’t be out roaming around the kingdom. Understood?” The challenge showed in his eyes.
So this was Darmik’s punishment since his father couldn’t have him publically whipped or reprimanded. And staying here, in the city, was much worse than a beating. Darmik would have preferred the physical pain. At least then, it would’ve been over with.
****
The sun was just starting to rise when Darmik received several reports of small riots throughout the kingdom. Instead of riding to join his army and deal with the uprisings, he had to send soldiers in his place. 
Storming from the castle, Darmik headed straight toward the stables. He craved the freedom of riding and the focus of hunting to take his mind away from his father and brother and being confined within the city walls. If he didn’t calm himself down, he’d never make it through the engagement party this evening.
Luckily, Neco had arrived late last night with good news—he managed to apprehend one of the rebels. The prisoner was inside the military’s interrogation room this very minute. 
“Brother!” Lennek called from somewhere behind him. Darmik stopped and listened to Lennek’s footsteps growing louder. Remaining calm and in control was vital. They were outside the castle’s west entrance, and anyone could see them from one of the numerous windows. Darmik counted to ten and then turned around.
“Sorry I missed the announcement yesterday,” Darmik said softly. “I’m sure it was...interesting, to say the least.”
The corners of Lennek’s mouth turned up. “You have no idea.”
“What do you want?” Darmik crossed his arms, waiting for Lennek to mock him.
“Oh, nothing. But since you are going to be around for a while, we should spend some time together. I’d love for you to get to know my fiancée.” Lennek spoke slowly, with a distinct drawl. He was definitely up to something.
Despite Darmik’s intense desire to punch Lennek’s jaw, Darmik kept his arms crossed and his hands hidden in his armpits. Glancing around, no one was about except for Lennek’s guards, twenty feet away. Regardless, Darmik kept his voice low, just in case. 
“I’m the commander of an entire army. Spending leisure time with you and your future wife isn’t high on my agenda.”
Laughing, Lennek said, “Of course it isn’t. But it will be a pleasure introducing the two of you tonight. She is rather...special.”
Anyone who agreed to marry Lennek would have to be special. 
“I have things to do,” Darmik said, wanting to get this conversation over with so he could get on his horse and ride. Neco was probably already mounted and ready to go.
“Of course,” Lennek said. “I’ll see you tonight.”
Darmik hurried to the stables. There had to be more to Lennek’s marriage that Darmik wasn’t privy to, otherwise, Lennek wouldn’t be so smug. Something was going on, but Darmik didn’t want to get wrapped up in whatever game Lennek was playing. Lennek would do anything to win, and the stakes were often more than Darmik could afford to lose. 
Entering the stables, the smell of horse and leather greeted him, calming his nerves. Neco stood waiting, holding the reins between two horses, already saddled with a set of bows and arrows attached. 
Neco raised his eyebrows in question, but Darmik shook his head. They mounted and exited the stables. Darmik steered his horse to the gate, and they entered the city. Both Neco and Darmik wore nondescript clothing so nobody would pay attention to them as long as they kept moving. Riding side by side, they stuck to the less crowded streets. Most shops were already open, and many people were at work. When they exited the city, they went toward the only place to hunt—Greenwood Forest. Technically the king had ordered Darmik to remain within the city walls, but the forest was just a few miles away and it was good hunting territory. 
Darmik urged his horse faster, pushing him to a full gallop. The wind hit his face, clean and crisp. Clouds hung heavy in the air, a sign that rain was coming. When they reached Greenwood Forest, Darmik slowed his horse and continued for another mile. 
Once they had traveled far enough, Darmik dismounted, tied his horse to a tree, and Neco followed suit. Grabbing their quivers and slinging their bows over their shoulders, they headed west. 
“Obviously, you don’t want to talk about it,” Neco said.
“No, I don’t.”
They found an excellent hiding spot between a rock and a bush with a small pond in front of them. It was only a matter of time before an animal came their way.
Darmik slid next to the rock and held still while Neco camouflaged himself with the vegetation.
A deer approached the pond. Its ears flickered back and forth. Not sensing any danger, the deer dropped its head to drink. Darmik nocked his arrow, steadied his arm, and released the string. His arrow struck, hitting near the heart. It was followed by another as Neco took aim and made his shot. The deer went down before it even knew what hit it.
“So,” Neco began.
“What?” Darmik asked, lowering his bow. “What do you want to know?” He voice was harsh.
Neco raised his arms in surrender. “I don’t want to know anything. I was just going to ask for a day’s leave.”
“Oh.” Darmik hadn’t expected that. He assumed Neco wanted to know what he was upset about. “A day’s leave?” Darmik repeated, the idea foreign to him.
“Yes. Since we never stay in King’s City long, I’d like a day to see…”
“To see?” Darmik prompted, surprised Neco had someone he wanted to see. His family didn’t live in King’s City.
“I met someone the last time we came here. She works as a chambermaid in the castle,” Neco said, avoiding Darmik’s face. “I’d like to spend a day with her.”
In all the years Darmik had known Neco, he’d never asked for a day off, nor had he ever met someone he was interested in for more than one night.
“Of course,” Darmik said. “Take a day. But it looks like we’ll be stuck here for a few weeks.” He stood and went over to the deer.
“So that’s why you’re in a foul mood,” Neco said. “Let’s go out drinking tonight. No one has to know. You can wear a disguise.”
“I can’t. I have other obligations at the castle.” If only things were that simple. But tonight was the engagement party, and today there was an interrogation to attend and an endless amount of paperwork. Duty called.
Still, Darmik couldn’t help but envy Neco. How easy it was for him to find someone to be with. Darmik would never be able to love a woman without Lennek tainting it. 
His thoughts drifted to Rema. Her fiery lips, corn-silk blonde hair...but he would never see her again. There was no use thinking about her, torturing himself with things he could never have. Lennek would never allow him that happiness. 
After securing the deer to the back of Neco’s horse, they headed to the military compound. They gave the deer to the army’s cook, stabled their horses, and headed toward the interrogation room.
Now that Darmik’s mind was focused, he got back to business. “You apprehended one of the three we were following, right?”
“Yes,” Neco answered. “Not the one we fought, though.”
They passed by several soldiers, who saluted in respect. 
When they reached the door, Neco stopped. “Just one thing.” Darmik nodded for him to continue. “This one’s...different.”
“Meaning?”
“We know that these rebels are trained, that’s clear from our fight back in Telan. But, there’s something else. I don’t think these men are farmers and merchants rising against the crown. It’s almost as if they are from an army.” 
Darmik’s skin prickled. More was going on here than originally thought. 
“And he’s not marked.”
That didn’t make any sense. Weren’t the rebels from this kingdom trying to restore a possible heir to the throne? It would be near impossible for a foreign army to arrive on Greenwood Island undetected, especially when the kingdom was under the protection of Emperion.
“Let’s see what we can discover.” Darmik motioned for Neco to open the door to the interrogation room.
They entered the dark, gray stone building located in the center of the compound. Burning candles lined the inner walls for light since there weren’t any windows. There was a door in the floor leading to the underground tunnels where prisoners could easily and secretly be taken in and out of the city, or to the dungeon.
In the middle of the room, the prisoner sat on a chair chained to the ground. His hands and feet were bound. The man appeared to be in his mid-twenties. His hair was pulled back, and he wore clothes similar to any commoner.
Darmik leaned against the wall, facing the prisoner. Three of his soldiers stood against the far wall waiting for orders. The side of the prisoner’s head was swollen, like he had been hit with the hilt of a sword, but there was no blood. The man sat still, staring straight ahead at nothing.
Erikk looked to Darmik, who nodded, letting him know it was time to begin. A tub of water sat in one corner of the room. In another corner was a table with various weapons. Darmik hoped it didn’t come to that. Most men caved before they reached the table. It was there to scare more than for actual use. 
“Your name,” Erikk said, his voice echoing off the walls.
Dead silence.
“I will ask the questions, and you will answer. Last chance, what is your name?” Erikk demanded.
The prisoner sat, giving no indication he’d even heard the question. Any other prisoner would be shaking, crying, or begging for their life. Neco was right—this one was different. Almost as if he had been trained not to break during an interrogation.
Chek walked to the corner of the room and picked up a wooden mallet. He moved to the prisoner, and in one swift motion, smashed his kneecap. The man’s face turned red, and his eyes bulged from the pain. But he didn’t scream.
“Who do you work for?” Erikk asked.
Nothing, but he blinked hard as blood trickled from the tear in his pants.
Darmik shook his head. Did the rebel have a death wish? Chek glanced to Darmik, who gave the signal. Chek swung the mallet, crushing the man’s other kneecap. This time the prisoner let out a loud grunt, but kept his teeth clutched together, still looking ahead at nothing.
“Who trained you?”
Silence.
Chek looked grimly at Darmik. The prisoner’s eyes darted to Darmik, and then away again. Darmik hated to use brutality, but it usually provided the information they needed in a quick and efficient manner. Darmik nodded, and Chek struck the man’s right elbow. This time the man cried out in pain. He would have fallen from his chair had he not been chained to the ground.
“Where are your headquarters located?”
The man was breathing heavily, about to pass out from the pain.
Chek wacked the prisoner’s left elbow, and the man screamed, his eyes rolling back in his head.
Darmik cringed, wondering why the man didn’t give in and answer. Even if the information was false, the prisoner still could’ve said something to protect himself.
Borek and Chek pulled the tub of water next to the chair. The prisoner’s chest heaved up and down. Darmik raised his hand and his men stepped back from the prisoner, giving Darmik room. He pushed away from the wall, moving closer to the rebel. 
Their usual methods weren’t working this time. Darmik squatted until he was eye level with the prisoner. The rebel wouldn’t look at Darmik, but the man kept blinking, aware of the commander’s presence. 
“I admire your loyalty,” Darmik said. “To have such conviction and passion for your cause is commendable.” An idea formed in Darmik’s head. It was a long shot, but it might be the only chance they had.
Turning to his men, Darmik ordered everyone to leave. Erikk, Chek, and Borek did as instructed, but Neco remained standing against the wall.
“You too, Neco.”
“Sir,” Neco said, shocked. “Even though the prisoner is chained, I can’t allow you to remain in here, alone.”
Darmik knew it was hard when the king had given an order that Darmik be protected at all times. However, he knew Neco would follow his command over the king’s. “I gave you an order.”
After a long moment, Neco said, “I’ll be right outside if you need me.”
The door banged shut. The only sound was the heavy breathing from the prisoner. 
“Your name, please. I just want to be able to talk to you.”
The rebel glanced at Darmik’s face and spit on the ground.
“Well, soldier, we seem to have a problem. I have questions, and you have the answers, but neither of us is willing to budge.”
“Are you Prince Darmik? The commander?” the soldier whispered, breathing hard.
“Yes.”
The man squeezed his eyes shut, then opened them, looking directly at Darmik. “I am prepared to die for my cause.”
“I assumed as much.”
Darmik twisted the man’s arm, verifying the lack of a mark. The rebel’s wrist was bare, and he wasn’t wearing an identification band. 
“I’m willing to give you something if you’ll do the same,” Darmik said. He stood and moved closer to the table filled with weapons and continued, “I have a pretty good idea where your base camp is located. It’s only a matter of time before I find it.”
If the prisoner didn’t go along with Darmik’s plan, Darmik would have to lock him up or have him killed. There was no point in torturing the man—it wouldn’t produce the desired results. 
“I also know there’s only one possible heir, and I’m already working on verifying it.” 
Darmik still hadn’t discovered if the babies weren’t tattooed until age one. If that was the case, then there was no heir. But if they received the tattoo before their first birthday, then Darmik knew the heir was alive—he just had to find her. And he figured if he found the basecamp, he’d find the heir.
Darmik focused on the prisoner. “If I provide you with a one-man escort, will you take a message to your leader?” Darmik hoped to have someone follow them, thus discovering the base camp’s location.
The man’s eyes narrowed. “Captors never return to camp. That is one of our orders.”
These rebels were well organized, working under orders. Neco’s theory of an army was beginning to make sense. Without the rebel’s cooperation, Darmik’s plan wasn’t going to work. He left the room.
“Neco, execute the prisoner,” Darmik said. A public death was best. Then word would reach the rebel’s leader that Darmik had no mercy for such lawless behavior. 
“What reason do you want posted?” Neco asked.
“For not bearing a region mark,” Darmik said. “See that there are stations set up in every town. I want every person checked. Anyone without a mark will be executed on site. Get the word out.”


Rema
Rema sat on the chair before the fireplace, trying to get warm. She pulled the key out from under her nightdress and lifted it over her head. It left a red mark on her chest where it had been crushed tightly against her body while she was sleeping. When she twisted the key, the light cast from the fireplace gleamed off the ruby, making the entire key appear red. Rema carefully opened it up and stared at the words, trying to decipher them.
REMA
remember to always look
back
and you’ll be
OK
but not at night, only in the
AM
Trust in him,
Your family
Rema still didn’t understand why the key was inscribed with “REMA” instead of her real name, Tabitha. Since Rema hadn’t heard her aunt or uncle talk about another Rema, ever, she decided that this necklace was intended for her. However, Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya wouldn’t have said your family. Anytime they gave her a gift, like new riding boots, they always said, Love Uncle Kar and Aunt Maya. They only ever referred to her parents as her family, and never by name. Rema hadn’t thought about it before, but that was odd—to not use her parents’ names. She had always assumed it was too painful to discuss, so her aunt and uncle never talked about them. Was this necklace from her parents?  
There was a hard knock, and Cassie entered. Her eyes were red and swollen, like she had been crying.
“Are you well?” Rema asked, jumping from the chair and rushing over to her.
“What’s that?” Cassie snapped, pointing to the necklace clutched in Rema’s hand. 
“Nothing,” Rema said, slipping the key around her neck, where it belonged. 
“Did Prince Lennek give it to you?” Cassie harshly asked, moving closer to Rema. Her hand reached out, as if to grab the necklace.
“No,” Rema answered, taking a step back. “It’s from my family, and it’s none of your concern.”
Cassie laughed, the sound bitter. “You think you’re so much better than me, don’t you?” Her hands balled into fists. There was a wild look to her eyes. “But you’re not. And when Prince Lennek’s done with you, he’ll discard you like trash.”
Rema knew saying anything would only make matters worse. Cassie had walked into the room upset over something, and Rema had only further aggravated her. 
“He said he was going to marry a commoner,” Cassie whispered. “When he took me to bed, I thought I was special. And it’s not like I could’ve said no. He’s the Crown Prince.” Her eyes filled with tears. “Why you? What makes you so special?”
So not only was Cassie carrying Lennek’s baby, but she was also in love with him.
“I don’t know,” Rema shook her head. “I wish I understood Prince Lennek’s motivations, but I don’t.”
Ellie entered, carrying red fabric draped over her arm. “Everything all right?” she asked.
Cassie turned to face her. “I’m not feeling well.”
“I’ll take it from here. You go and rest,” Ellie said.
Cassie glanced back at Rema. “No matter what he tells you, he’s lying. He can’t possibly love you.”
Rema didn’t respond. Cassie stalked out of the room with her head down.
“Will she recover?” Rema asked.
Ellie nodded. “She’s a fighter.”
“What’s that?” Rema pointed to the red material.
“It’s your dress for tonight.” Ellie went to the bedchamber and hung the dress up in the armoire. “But you don’t have to get ready yet,” Ellie said, coming back into the sitting room. “I thought you could use some company since you can’t leave the room.”
“Not even if we take the guards with us?”
Ellie shook her head. “Prince Lennek’s orders are that you’re not allowed from your room until the party tonight.”
Rema sighed with frustration. All of this inactivity was getting to her. She would give anything to ride a horse right now. 
“Do you want to . . .” Rema trailed off. Ellie was staring at Rema’s necklace, her mouth hanging open and eyebrows bent inward. “What is it?”
“I…um…you…” She scratched her head and glanced away. 
“Ellie, is everything all right?”  Rema led Ellie to the settee. “What is it? You can tell me.”
Ellie looked directly into Rema’s eyes. “Where’d you get that necklace?” she asked.
When Cassie had asked the question, Rema knew it was out of jealousy over Lennek. With Ellie, however, there was something else fueling her desire to know.
“My Aunt Maya gave it to me. It’s a family heirloom.”
Ellie folded her hands in her lap and whispered, “That necklace, there’s no way a merchant’s niece, or daughter, or even wife, would have something that valuable.”
“What are you getting at?” Rema asked.
“Shortly before your arrival,” Ellie said, “I was assigned to be your chambermaid. After completing my work one evening, I was on my way to the servants’ wing when a man stopped me. He wore palace livery, but I had never seen him before.” Ellie took a deep breath. “The man asked if the key had arrived yet. When I told him I didn’t understand, he said that a young lady would arrive wearing a key. He said to tell the bearer that ‘they are waiting.’ And he said to tell you that ‘the code would lead you to him.’ Then he disappeared.”
Rema ran her fingers over the key. “What did he look like?” 
“He was about forty years old with long, dark hair and brown eyes. No defining features.”
It couldn’t have been Uncle Kar. But, who was it? And how did they know about the hidden message in the key? Rema looked at Ellie. Could she trust this girl whom she’d just met? 
Since she was having no luck figuring it out on her own, perhaps with the two of them working together, they could decipher the message. Rema lifted the necklace over her head and opened the key. Ellie leaned in as her eyes widened.
“I think the code he was referring to is this,” Rema said. She read the inscription to Ellie.
Looking at it with a fresh perspective, Rema realized it must have been written this way to emphasize certain words. “I think REMA, back, OK, and AM are important,” she said, since these words stood on a line by themselves.
“It appears so. But why isn’t back capitalized like the others?” Ellie asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Let’s look at it line by line,” Ellie said. “They’re telling you to always look back.”
“But look back at what? My life?” Rema wondered aloud.
“Maybe it means literally?”
Rema glanced behind her. “Sorry, all I see is the chair!” 
“The part I don’t get,” Ellie said, “is this bit about only in the AM. Why not day? Why say AM?”
“It must have some significance,” Rema said. “But then there’s this line about trusting in him. Who’s him? And is this him the same person the man was referring to when he spoke to you?” There was a knock on the door. Rema closed the key and slid it around her neck, frustrated. 
“I’ll keep thinking about it and let you know if I come up with anything.”
“Thank you, Ellie.” Rema felt better with her help. 
A guard entered with food. Ellie took the tray and handed it to Rema. “You’re so lucky,” she whispered.
“What do you mean?” Rema asked, watching the guard leave. Being locked in a castle and forced to marry was hardly what she considered lucky.
“The king is feeding you. And not just bread and water.”
Rema recalled her studies with Aunt Maya. The king established a law that all food grown on the island had to be handed over to the king. Then the food was sold back to the people at an exorbitant rate that hardly anyone could afford. Half the time, the food went bad before making it to the people. Rema’s family had always been fortunate living next to Bren. Since Bren’s family was farmers, they illegally kept enough food for their family as well as Rema’s. 
Most were not so fortunate.
But perhaps Rema could take what little influence she had and put it to use, then some good could come out of the horrible situation she was in. “Ellie, if I request food, can you see that it gets out of the castle, to the people who need it?”
The corners of Ellie’s mouth turned up. “I’m sure something can be arranged. Especially if I am following your orders.” 
****
Two guards stood with Rema outside the Grand Hall’s entrance, waiting for Prince Lennek to arrive.
Rema glanced down at herself, fingering the soft, silk dress. The tight bodice sucked in at her waist and its long sleeves draped to the ground, flowing like water around her feet. Rema hoped she wouldn’t trip, and that her sleeves wouldn’t land in her food. 
When Ellie had first helped Rema put the dress on, there was a “V” shaped slit in the material between her breasts. It revealed so much that little was left to the imagination. Rema refused to wear the dress, but Ellie insisted Rema didn’t have a choice. Prince Lennek had the dress designed for Rema, specifically for this evening. Luckily, Rema knew how to sew—she never thought that particular skill would come in handy. Working together, they managed to close much of the “V” and as a result, most of Rema’s chest was now covered. Still, she had never worn anything this seductive before.
The mousey steward Arnek approached. His mouth dropped open, and he fluttered his eyelids. “Uh,” he stammered, “Prince Lennek is on his way.”
One guard softly chuckled, and the other guard shook his head. Both of them were studiously looking anywhere but at Rema. When her guards had first arrived, their eyes got so big Rema thought they would roll right out of their sockets. Ellie laughed, thinking the entire ordeal was funny. Of course, Ellie wasn’t the one wearing the suggestive dress. Since Rema had asked them not to stare, they’d been diligently following her request. 
“I’ll just go and see if the prince needs any help.” Arnek tripped over his own feet as he hurried away. Even Arnek, who despised her, was taken by the alluring dress.
Rema never imagined wearing something so exquisite, yet, she felt awkward and out of place. This wasn’t who she wanted to be, and she didn’t like the attention that came with it. 
Prince Lennek strolled forward, his eyes roaming up and down Rema’s body. He nodded in approval, unable to suppress a smile. Lennek wore black pants and a red tunic that matched her dress. The colors complimented his hair and eyes. Under normal circumstances, Rema would’ve told him that he looked handsome. However, things were far from normal, and Rema suspected he already knew. Besides, she hated him. Loathed him. She didn’t want to waste a compliment on one so undeserving. 
“Oh Rema,” Lennek happily cooed. “You exceed my expectations.”
She hated the way his eyes lingered over her body, like she was a possession instead of a person.
They stood before the doors, waiting to enter the Grand Hall. Rema heard the king announce the engagement of his son. When the doors swung open, Rema grabbed Lennek’s arm and forced a smile. Her hands were clammy and shaking, and she feared that she would trip and fall. Even though she despised the prince and hated touching him, she clenched his arm as he led her inside to greet the nobles and courtiers who were dressed in refined, rich clothing.  
The Grand Hall was ostentatiously decorated with white flowers, the stems wrapped with red, satin fabric. Candles were on the walls, tables, and hanging from the ceiling in chandeliers. All the tables were covered in the same lavish material, matching Rema’s dress. The smells of perfume and food were overwhelming. So many people were present that Rema couldn’t even count.
Everyone bowed or curtseyed when Prince Lennek and Rema passed by. 
“Relax, darling. You’re squeezing my arm.”
Rema tried to loosen her grasp. “Everyone is staring,” she whispered.
“Of course, we are the center of attention. And you, my sweetness, look delicious enough to eat.”
Rema shivered, feeling like a piece of meat before a hungry pack of wolves. 
Stopping in the center of the room, Lennek thanked everyone for coming to share in their happy celebration. Then he leaned down and whispered, “Ah, my brother is here. Good. I can’t wait to introduce you to Prince Darmik. There he is, next to my father.” 
Rema froze in place. Her eyes darted to the head table, seeking the familiar face. Her eyes locked with Darmik’s, and a prickling heat spread throughout her body, turning her cheeks as red as her dress. Her lips broke into a smile.
“Come on, darling.” Lennek pulled her along, escorting her toward the table.
Rema couldn’t take her eyes off Darmik. He wore a black tunic and black pants, the only sign of his position was the silver crown embroidered on the front. Walking toward him, Rema took the opportunity to examine his face. He was still as handsome as she remembered, but he had an ugly bruise on his left jaw and a cut above his right eyebrow—like he had been in a fistfight. It made him look dark and foreboding. But he was Commander of the King’s Army. 
Darmik’s face remained impassive, as if he didn’t recognize her. Rema’s smile vanished and her initial excitement was replaced with a feeling of dread. She couldn’t figure out what Darmik was thinking. She had an intense desire to go to him, but she knew that would only infuriate Lennek.
Reaching the table, Rema finally tore her eyes away from him. The table consisted of four place settings, the king in the middle, Lennek and Darmik on either side of the king, and Rema at the end next to Lennek. Sitting down, Rema felt the scrutiny of everyone in the room.  
Servants brought in plates of food, helping to divert the attention away from her. There were two different kinds of fish, potatoes, vegetables, and wine. Even though her appetite was gone, Rema tried to eat anyway, not wanting to waste the food. Glancing around, most people were too busy talking to one another to eat. Rema wondered what was going to happen to all the food. Would it be thrown away or given to those in need? She’d have to look into that.
Getting up her nerve, Rema stole a quick peek at Darmik. He sat with his arms crossed, not eating, staring up at the ceiling. He seemed furious. She wanted to scrutinize every detail about him, but she needed to focus on Lennek, so she wouldn’t get herself in trouble. 
After the king finished eating, one of the musicians announced dancing would begin in the adjacent room. The king asked Rema for the first dance and escorted her to the ballroom, everyone following behind them.
The musicians began playing a simple, elegant melody. Rema danced the first set with King Barjon. Throughout the entire dance, the king kept Rema at arm’s length, not paying any attention to her. He didn’t even attempt conversation. Rema didn’t mind, and she used the opportunity to study him. King Barjon was someone Rema would never trust. It was his eyes, just like Lennek’s, that revealed a cruelty within. When the music ended, his arms dropped from her waist, and he moved to a group of guests next to them. Rema was relieved that the awkward moment was over.  
She glanced around for somewhere she could slip off to and hide, but Lennek hurried over to her side. “It’s time you met my brother.” 
Lennek guided Rema over to the other end of the room, where Darmik stood against a wall with his arms crossed. She must have hesitated because Lennek whispered, “He won’t hurt you.” There was a strange amusement to Lennek’s voice. 
Prince Darmik certainly looked the part, but she wasn’t afraid he was going to hurt her. There was something else fueling her resistance to talk to him, a feeling she neither recognized nor understood.
“Darmik,” Lennek addressed his brother informally. “I’d like you to meet Rema, my future wife.” 
The music started up, and the next dance begun. Darmik’s eyes bore into Lennek’s. He didn’t even glance Rema’s way. Perhaps he didn’t recognize her, especially since she was dressed like a princess. Or he didn’t remember her—that was most likely the case. Rema wished she could run to the stables and find comfort in Snow.
“Go ahead, Darmik,” Lennek encouraged, nudging Rema forward. “Dance with her. She’ll be your sister-in-law soon.”
Several expressions flickered across Darmik’s face. A strange mixture of fury and regret. Rema tried to decipher his mood, but his face was blank again. Darmik didn’t respond to Lennek; instead, he shook his head ever so slightly and moved toward the dance floor. Lennek steered Rema after him, giving her a little push.
Darmik spun around, his eyes narrowing. He almost seemed mad, and Rema wondered if she had done something wrong. Darmik studied Rema’s face a minute before gingerly putting one hand on her waist, the other on her shoulder, and gliding her around the dance floor. His hands were warm even though he barely touched her. It was comforting to be near this man, and strangely peaceful—like a warm fire on a brisk winter morning. 
They danced in silence.
“So, does no one in your family talk?” Rema finally asked, confused that he hadn’t spoken a single word to her. She longed to hear his voice and one kind, sincere word. Darmik seemed startled by what she had said. Good, that at least was some reaction. “Your father,” Rema clarified, “he didn’t talk to me either. I assumed he thought I was too beneath him.” She waited for him to say something, anything. 
Darmik closed his eyes and took a deep breath before opening them back up. “Rema. From Jarko?”
“Unfortunately,” she bitterly replied. Darmik didn’t respond. Rema assumed he didn’t want anything to do with her either, so she gave up and danced in silence. When this dance was over, she’d claim an illness and go to bed. 
After dancing another minute, Darmik leaned in and asked, “Can you please tell me how you became my brother’s fiancée? I thought you were already engaged to another man. Explain.” His voice was soft and close to her ear. It sent a shiver throughout her entire body. The nearness of him brought the familiar smell of horse.
“I have no idea. I was hoping you could explain it to me.” Rema stared into his eyes. They were warm and gentle, pulling her in—the opposite of Lennek’s.
“A conversation for another time, perhaps?” Darmik replied, his eyes roaming around the room.
Rema nodded in understanding. “I haven’t been into the city yet,” she said. Perhaps Darmik could escort her. It would give them the perfect opportunity to talk. Darmik twirled Rema around and pulled her back toward his body. They were only inches apart. She had the sudden urge to put her head on his chest and breathe in his familiar scent.
“Prince Lennek has ordered the castle guards to accompany you at all times.”
Rema couldn’t help but laugh. “So I need an escort?” 
“An armed escort,” he clarified.
Lennek was dancing with another girl not too far away. His hands moved freely over her back as he whispered in her ear. The girl laughed; her face a rosy pink. 
“One of Lennek’s many flings,” Darmik said, following Rema’s line of sight. He stared at Rema, trying to gauge her reaction. She wasn’t sure what her face revealed, but Darmik chuckled. “Don’t look so relieved,” he said, still laughing.
She liked the sound of his laugh. It was a real laugh, one from humor, unlike Lennek’s.
Rema inspected the other dancers. “Why am I the only one in red?” she asked, wanting to shift to a generic topic, one that wouldn’t get them into trouble.
Darmik stopped laughing. For an instant, he looked like Lennek. “Because,” he said, “my brother knows it’s my favorite color. None of the court ladies are supposed to wear red unless I’ve asked them to.” There was a harshness to his voice that frightened her. 
“Then why—?” Rema started to ask.
Before she could finish her question, the music ended and Lennek was at her side. His hands slid around her waist, holding her tight. “This way, my love.” Lennek twirled her away.
“Perfect,” he said smugly. “Absolutely perfect.” He glanced back at Darmik and gave a little wave.


Darmik
Darmik wanted to punch that smug expression right off his brother’s face. If Darmik didn’t get far enough away from Lennek, he would. There were enough warning signs that Lennek was up to something. However, it never occurred to Darmik that it could’ve had anything to do with Rema. Hadn’t Lennek already proved he had the upper hand? Wasn’t what happened last time enough?
Storming out of the Grand Hall, Darmik waved his guards away. He didn’t want to be around anyone right now. But in corridor after corridor, he encountered servants or courtiers who had already left the party. He needed to get out of this place. 
Grabbing a torch from the wall, Darmik slipped behind a closed door. He descended a set of stairs and traveled along the musty tunnel leading to the military compound. When he reached the wooden ladder, he climbed up, and entered a small room. Darmik extinguished the torch and exited, heading directly to the training yard. 
A dozen men were about. Darmik needed to fight somebody. He announced a challenge that was open to anyone, but only hand-to-hand combat—he didn’t want to accidentally kill any of his soldiers. Two men raised their hands. One was Darmik’s size, the other at least six inches taller with fifty pounds more muscle framing his body. Darmik pointed at the bigger soldier, and a circle formed around them. Everyone cheered.  
Sliding his dominant foot back, Darmik turned his body sideways, and raised his hands, ready. His opponent crouched low and extended out his arms, trying to draw Darmik toward him. Darmik moved in fast and low, punching the soldier in his ribs. The man answered back by wrapping his arm around Darmik’s neck. 
All thoughts of Rema faded away as Darmik focused solely on his opponent and winning.
****
“Am I late?” Darmik asked, entering the castle’s private dining room. 
“No, Your Highness. Prince Lennek and King Barjon are having their breakfast out on the terrace.” The servant bowed and moved to the door.
“Don’t open it,” Darmik ordered.
On the other side of the glass, his father and brother were talking with their heads close together. Then Lennek leaned back in his chair and smiled. The king nodded, seeming pleased with whatever it was they were discussing. It made sense that Lennek would be happy. He had a lot to be happy about. He was going to marry Rema, keep a few mistresses close by, and eventually be king. Lennek was getting everything he ever wanted. Of course he was. He always did.
Shoving the door open, Darmik walked out onto the terrace. He slid onto the chair across from Lennek, wanting the opportunity to scrutinize his brother’s behavior. 
“Good morning,” Darmik said. Neither the king nor Lennek acknowledged him.
Lennek spooned a forkful of eggs in his mouth. 
“Beautiful day out,” Darmik said.
“Umhum.” Lennek smiled, his eyes sparkling. That was all the evidence Darmik needed. His hands clutched into fists.
“I’m finished eating,” the king announced. “Lennek, I’ll see you in my office later today.”
“Yes, Father. I’ll come as soon as I’m back from...well,” Lennek glanced at Darmik, “I’ll be there this afternoon.”
The king shook his head and left. 
Now that it was just the two of them, Lennek’s shoulders relaxed. He smiled arrogantly at Darmik.
It was time to level with him. “That was a nice stunt you pulled last night,” Darmik said. 
“Glad you enjoyed it,” Lennek responded, interlocking his hands behind his head while leaning back in the chair.
Darmik wanted to pound on him until he saw blood. His right foot was close enough to hook it around Lennek’s chair and pull, causing it to crash backwards. How he would love to see his brother fall. 
“Why Rema?” Darmik asked, trying to keep all emotion from his voice. He was sure Lennek wanted him to lose his composure.
“I have to marry.” The front of Lennek’s chair came down with a bang. He leaned forward with his elbows on the table. “Father wants it to be someone from the lower class. I saw Rema. Her appearance pleased me. She fits all the requirements.” 
So this was about the two of them—Lennek against Darmik, again. He felt sorry for Rema. If only he hadn’t seen her that day at the governor’s stables, then Lennek wouldn’t have singled her out. 
“Did you even give Rema a choice in the matter?” Darmik asked, paying particular attention to Lennek’s body movements. 
Lennek gazed out in the distance, chuckling softly to himself. “I knew you had a thing for her,” he said. “And still do.” His eyes sliced back to Darmik. “Does it bother you to know that she chose me over you?”
It took an enormous amount of willpower to keep his face calm and not reveal the anger brewing inside. Darmik wanted to ask why Rema was locked in a guarded room if she freely chose Lennek. What he said instead was, “It doesn’t bother me at all. You deserve happiness. Congratulations.”
Lennek raised his eyebrows. He was no idiot. 
“I have work to do.” Darmik pushed away from the table and left the terrace. 
There had to be something he could focus on in order to distract himself from thoughts about hurting his brother. He wasn’t used to spending this much time around Lennek. Or being confined. The tattoos—Darmik still needed to verify the tattoo issue.
Since he was stuck here until the wedding, his research was limited to the castle. The most obvious place to start was the library. The king’s library was large, but nowhere near as extravagant as some of the libraries in Emperion. But his father didn’t value knowledge like the emperor did. 
Upon entering, Darmik scanned the tall room. No one was about. He closed the door and shoved one of the chairs against it. Every wall was lined floor to ceiling with books. In the center of the library were two settees and a few cushioned chairs for reading. He folded the area rug between the settees in half. Dropping to his knees, he felt along the wood floor until one of the planks shifted. Darmik slid his dagger from his boot and lifted up the plank. He remembered the first time his father had showed him and Lennek this secret room. Lennek could have cared less, whereas Darmik wished the room was available for everyone to use. But the king had insisted that this room was for the royal family only, and no one was to know of its existence. 
The planks came out easily, revealing a door. Darmik unlocked and opened it up. Grabbing one of the oil lamps, he descended the ladder into the archive room. It was a small, musty room lined with books and records. Most of the material contained histories of Greenwood Island or life stories of prominent individuals. Since the island’s schools only taught history beginning with the reign of King Barjon, all books that dealt with the time before the king were either destroyed or here in this room. 
For the next couple of hours, Darmik combed through every single book on one of the four walls. Not a single one in this section dealt with the tattoo issue. His eyes were sore from the dim lighting and all the reading. He needed a break.  
****
The guard unlocked the door and pushed it open. Darmik entered and found Rema standing in the light of the window, her forehead against the glass.
He cleared his throat. She jumped, spinning around to face him. Bloody hell she was beautiful. 
“Want to get out of here?” he asked.
Darmik knew he shouldn’t be here. It would be best if Rema declined his offer, but he foolishly hoped she would agree to go with him. Since Lennek was gone for the day, it gave them the perfect opportunity to talk. He wanted to warn her about his brother, but more than that was his desire to be near her, to get to know her. Darmik had to remind himself to keep his face void of expression because he couldn’t afford for anyone to know how he really felt about her.
The corners of Rema’s mouth turned up. “I could use a little fresh air.”
Although he was thrilled, Darmik tried to act casual as he ordered the two posted guards to accompany them. He didn’t want to create any unnecessary suspicion. They left her room and went to the castle’s side courtyard, where his private guard was mounted and waiting. Darmik had told everyone that the king wanted him to make nice with Lennek’s future wife.
He led her to where Neco stood, holding the reins to two horses.
“Here,” Darmik started to say but Rema had stopped a few feet behind him. She stared at the white mare Neco held for her. It was one of Darmik’s, though he rarely rode it. The mare wasn’t a warhorse, but it was spirited.  
“Is something the matter?” Darmik asked.
Rema’s eyes were glossy, her eyebrows bent inward. Was she going to cry?
“No,” she said. “I’m fine.” Rema walked over to the white mare and held up her hand for it to smell. Then she stroked its muzzled and spoke softly. The horse sniffed Rema’s hair and nudged her shoulder.
“What’s her name?” Rema asked as she mounted. 
“Treasure.”
Rema smiled. “She’s beautiful.” That was one of the reasons Darmik had chosen Treasure for her to ride. 
Darmik rode the black stallion he had bought from Rema’s uncle while in Jarko. The horse was exceptionally bright, loyal, and best of all—fast. 
Once mounted, Darmik raised his hand, giving the signal to move out.
They left the courtyard and trotted through the grounds surrounding the castle until they came to the exit. Rema gazed out at the city. Darmik wished he could take her into it, but parading around with such a large entourage wasn’t a good idea. Darmik decided they would stick to the land outside the city wall instead.
Not wanting to ride down the main street to the exit, Darmik led the party toward the military compound. On the outskirts, next to the compound’s perimeter, a small, wooden structure stood guarded by two soldiers. 
“We’ll be traveling through,” Darmik said to the men. “Expect us back later today. No one else besides this group is granted access.”
“Yes, Commander,” the soldiers answered. They opened the door to the small shack.
“Torches, please,” Darmik instructed. The soldiers reached down inside the building and pulled out several torches. They lit and distributed them throughout the guard.
“Stay close by,” he instructed Rema. She nodded and guided her horse closer to him.
“Where exactly are we riding?” she asked, looking confused.
Unable to suppress a smirk, Darmik simply answered, “You’ll see.”
He rode his horse into the dark shack, the torch providing enough light to reveal the downward slope into a secret tunnel. Rema followed, now appearing fascinated. They traveled down through the narrow passageway, which leveled out after twenty-five feet. The tunnel was rarely used because of its small size, and hardly anyone knew of its existence. When they exited, they were outside of King’s City. Sunshine and open land greeted them. 
The soldiers formed a loose circle around Darmik and Rema.
“Now where are we going?” Rema asked.
“There,” Darmik pointed straight ahead. “Greenwood Forest.” She stared at him. Perhaps she was too afraid to travel into the trees.
“Looks to be about three miles away,” Rema commented.
“Roughly.” Maybe they could just skirt the perimeter instead.
“And do you expect to travel at this speed for the entire trip?” A slow smile spread across her face as her eyebrows rose.
He was about to say something when she leaned forward, grabbing onto the horse’s mane. “Race you!” The heels of her boots nudged the mare, and Treasure took off into a gallop.
The riders in front of Rema moved aside as she flew past them. The soldiers looked to Darmik for orders. Protocol dictated they remain with him.
Laughing, Darmik urged his horse into a canter. The stallion obeyed, eager for the chance to run. Rema glanced back, a huge smile plastered across her face. Darmik was gaining on her. Rema got even lower on Treasure and managed to pick up a bit of speed, but it was no match for the stallion. Darmik was quickly on her tail, his guard left behind. The wind from the horse’s speed tossed Rema’s golden hair back, and he thought he heard her laughing.
Nearing the forest side by side, they slowed down, allowing the rest of their riding party to catch up.
“You’re an excellent rider,” Darmik commented.
“So are you,” Rema said. “No one has ever come close to beating me in a race.”
The path narrowed, forcing them to ride in single-file formation. They followed the dirt trail as it wound between the towering trees. When their party came to a small clearing, Darmik gave the signal for everyone to dismount and stop for a rest. After securing the horses, Darmik saw Rema sitting alone on a large rock, looking content. Her cheeks were rosy and her hair a wild mess.
Neco approached. “Care to tell me what’s going on?” He blatantly looked from Darmik to Rema and back again.  
Perhaps it would be best to take Rema on a walk. His personal guard was loyal, but he didn’t want to put them in an awkward position by speaking intimately with Rema in front of them.
Neco cleared his throat, still waiting for an answer. 
Darmik tore his eyes away from her. “No,” he responded. “Keep everyone here. I need to speak with Rema. Alone.”
He hurried away before Neco could ask any more questions. 
Rema glanced up when Darmik neared. “Thanks for getting me out of the castle. This is just what I needed.” 
Darmik stood staring at her. If he took Rema away from the group, he was crossing a line—one where there was no turning back. He knew he should leave her alone. He should return her to the castle and put all thoughts of her out of his head. 
“I didn’t think I’d see Nightsky again,” Rema said, pointing to Darmik’s horse. Her eyes were full of love.
Darmik remembered the time he saw her with the stallion. She had handled the wild animal exceptionally well, not showing any fear and gaining the stallion’s trust.
“I named him,” she said.
He squatted next to her. Rema’s eyes were blue like the ocean and there was a stormy force to them. She glanced away, her cheeks red.
Darmik decided to cross the line. “I’d like to show you something.” He held out his hand. She flinched. “You can trust me,” Darmik said gently. “I’m nothing like my brother.” Lennek better not have hurt her—if he laid a finger on Rema, Darmik would kill him. 
Rema nodded, taking his outstretched hand. Darmik pulled her up, and then released her. He felt every soldier staring at him. He knew his men would keep their mouths shut; the only ones he’d have to worry about were the two castle guards. But there were always ways to make sure they didn’t talk.
“Where are we going?” Rema asked, glancing behind her toward the rest of their riding party.
“Just over this rise.” Darmik left the path, leading the way up the hill. 
The leafy ground turned to slippery rocks. Darmik offered Rema his hand, but she refused his help. He remembered finding her alone in the forest, and he realized he knew nothing about her—yet he wanted to know everything.
When they reached the top of the hill, he saw what he was looking for. 
“A silent waterfall,” Rema gasped. She stood next to him, amazement clear on her face.
On the hill opposite them, water cascaded along tendrils of mossy grass growing from the rocks. It slipped down the soft, green padding until it reached the pool below.
There were a million questions Darmik wanted to ask, but he had no idea where to begin. He rarely did anything on impulse. Looking at Rema’s face, her penetrating eyes, he decided not to think. Pulling off his boots and socks, Darmik threw them on the ground. He unclasped his riding cape and removed his tunic, leaving on his long-sleeved shirt and pants. 
He ran and jumped, knowing he’d make it to the water below. The pool was in fact, quite deep. When he and Lennek were younger, they used to dare each other to jump. But unlike Lennek, who was always taking chances, Darmik wouldn’t jump until he checked the pool to make sure it was deep enough. Only then, did he follow Lennek with a giant leap. 
Hitting the cold water, Darmik cringed, welcoming the feeling of losing control and the freedom that came with it. Kicking, he swam to the top, broke the surface, and took in a deep breath. 
A splash hit him in the face. A moment later, Rema surfaced, wearing a huge smile. “Now that was fun!” 
Swimming over to the edge, Darmik pulled himself out. The bank was mostly moss-covered rocks that were slippery and difficult to maneuver on. He turned around to help Rema, but she was already hoisting herself onto the shore. She looked like the first time he had seen her—soaking wet and happy.
There was a small patch of sun on a large, dry rock big enough for the two of them to sit next to each other. Darmik carefully climbed over and lifted himself up onto it. The rock was warm from the sun’s heat. Rema stood at the bottom with her hands on her hips, like she was trying to figure out a way to join him. Darmik rolled onto his stomach and lowered his arms. She grabbed onto him, her grip strong. He pulled her to his side and released her.
Once she was safely on the rock, they stretched out on their backs, basking in the warmth. Darmik tried his hardest not to look at her. Rema was only wearing her white underdress. It would’ve been too difficult to swim wearing all of her clothes. Still, he didn’t want to be caught staring and offend her in any way. Yet, her body was like a magnet, pulling his eyes in her direction.
Unable to resist any longer, Darmik peered at her. Rema was smiling with her eyes closed, looking peaceful and content. Her white underdress clung to her ribcage and wrapped around her legs. Her chest rose and fell with each breath she took. Goose bumps covered her arms. Her hair lay above her head like a halo. 
Something shiny caught in the light. A delicate gold chain hung around Rema’s neck. Strung on the chain, lying on the rock near her ear, was a gold skeleton key. Embedded in the bow was a heart-shaped ruby diamond. The jewelry was befitting of a queen or princess. Rubies were not only extremely rare, but they cost a fortune. Did Lennek give her the necklace? 
Darmik glanced to the top of the cliff from which they had jumped. No one was about. He hoped to conceal the entire outing, but it was vital Lennek never learn Darmik spent this time alone with Rema on this rock, unsupervised. It was illegal, and his brother would punish him with the full force of the law. 
There was a soft rustle as Rema’s head turned toward him.
“How did you end up here? Engaged to my brother?” He forced his eyes to remain on hers—away from her body. It was easier to pretend she was fully clothed, dry, and certainly not a mere six inches away from him, their hands lying side by side, almost touching.
“I was hoping you knew the answer to that one,” she whispered, droplets of water glistening on her eyelashes. 
His suspicions were confirmed—she didn’t choose Lennek. That meant she didn’t love him. But why was she wearing his necklace? “My brother and I aren’t close like that. He doesn’t share his plans or his feelings with me,” Darmik said.
“He has feelings? Really?” She laughed and looked away. 
Most women were blinded by Lennek’s charm and position as prince. But Rema seemed to know the real Lennek. A selfish and cruel man. Had Lennek hurt her? She flinched earlier when Darmik had offered her his hand. Usually women only acted like that if they have been hit or beaten by a man. His fingers curled into a fist. She knew who Lennek truly was because he had revealed his true nature to her. What game was his brother playing? What kind of horrors had Rema seen?
Darmik said, “Why don’t you tell me what’s happened since I last saw you in Jarko.”
Rema gave a brief overview of everything—how she had received the royal summons, met Prince Lennek at the governor’s home for dinner, the proposal, her escape, Bren’s death, Prince Lennek threatening her aunt and uncle, the acceptance of his proposal to keep her family safe, the journey here, and being locked in the castle. She stared up at the sky, speaking without emotion—no anger or hurt or anything. Most women would’ve been hysterical.
“Have you...come to terms...with being engaged to Prince Lennek?”
Tears filled her eyes. “Prince Lennek is a monster. I hate him.”
He didn’t know what to say. She stared at him, waiting. “Are you well?” He knew it was a stupid question, yet he needed to say something.
“No, I’m far from it.” She looked back up at the sky. Darmik had the urge to wipe the tears from her cheeks, but he kept his hands to himself. 
“It’s all my fault,” she whispered.
“Nothing is your fault,” Darmik said, thinking about what had happened in the past between him and Lennek. He had blamed himself then. He should have known, should have learned, so it wouldn’t have happened again. If anyone was at fault, it was Darmik. If he hadn’t shown interest in Rema, Lennek never would’ve seen her. “You did what you had to do to save your aunt and uncle.”
“You don’t understand. Bren’s dead because of me.”
The memories of the past threatened to overwhelm him. “No,” Darmik said, punching the rock. “Bren is dead because of my brother. Not because of you.”
Rema tilted her head toward him again. “But I feel so guilty. I didn’t want to marry Bren,” she admitted. “I wanted to travel around the kingdom and experience life outside of Jarko.” Rema covered her face with her hands. “I got what I wanted, and now I’m paying the price.”
“You can’t torture yourself. You had no idea any of this would happen.” Darmik sat up and gently took her hands, pulling them away from her red, swollen eyes. “Listen to me; it’s not your fault.”
Slipping her hands out of his, she said, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be confiding in you like this. Prince Lennek is your brother.” Rema sat up, the necklace slipping down her chest. 
He should scoot away from her as protocol demanded—but he couldn’t. He wanted to be near her. He wanted to touch her soft skin. Their faces were only inches apart.
“Please tell me one thing,” Darmik said. “Has Lennek physically hurt you in any way?” He tightened his jaw, forcing himself to keep his body calm, his face neutral. If Lennek hurt her at all, he would kill him.
“No,” she answered. Darmik’s shoulders slumped forward. “But I have no intention of marrying him,” she defiantly said. “I’ll find a way out of this. I swear I will.”
Darmik didn’t expect her to go down without a fight. It was one of the things he admired about her. Little droplets of water trickled down Rema’s face from her hair. Darmik wanted to take her pain away. To kiss her soft, red lips. 
Rema looked down to her hands, clasped in her lap. “Can you help me?” she asked. 
Yes, Darmik thought, I will help you. Although he couldn’t tell her, and Lennek could never find out, he vowed to keep her safe. There had to be a way to beat Lennek at his own game. Then Darmik remembered the deal he had made with his father—he agreed to publically support Lennek’s marriage. Well, he could still give the appearance of supporting the marriage, all the while helping Rema. It would be a tricky balancing act, but one he was well equipped to handle.
Movement caught Darmik’s attention, and he looked up. Neco stood at the top of the hill, signaling for them to rejoin the group. It must be later than Darmik realized. They needed to be back inside the castle before Lennek returned. 


Rema
The guards escorted Rema through corridor after corridor on their way to the Dining Hall. Prince Lennek had sent word for her to attend breakfast with him and the king. As a result, Rema’s appetite was gone, and she just wanted the entire ordeal to be over with.
Rema was led through a large foyer, and then down another hallway. When they rounded the corner, a familiar laugh filled the air and Rema glanced around her guard. Halfway down the corridor, Prince Lennek stood kissing someone, his hands roaming over her back. Rema froze, unsure of what to do. Should she continue? Or turn around, pretending like she hadn’t seen Lennek? Her guards slowed and cleared their throats, alerting the prince to their presence. Lennek peered over the girl’s head. A smile spread across his face as he roughly shoved the girl away from him.
“Rema, darling,” Lennek said, coming toward her.
The girl lifted her face—it was Cassie. Cassie’s lips were swollen from kissing the prince, and her dress was rumpled. 
Holding her head high, Rema continued walking toward Lennek and Cassie. 
“My lady,” Cassie curtseyed. 
“Cassie,” Rema nodded. “I hope you know what you’re doing.” She stepped around Lennek and Cassie, and continued, the guards scrambling to keep up. 
“You’re ignoring me?” Prince Lennek laughed, following Rema and leaving Cassie behind. “I’m just keeping busy until the wedding, darling. No reason to be upset. If you don’t want me kissing other women, then perhaps you should fill the void.”
Rema didn’t want to touch his foul lips. The thought revolted her and renewed her need to escape this heartless man.
“I’m glad you’re getting your needs taken care of from someone else,” Rema said. “I want nothing to do with you.”
His cheek twitched and anger flashed in his eyes, but he quickly regained control and smoothed his facial features. His hand rested on Rema’s lower back, making her jump.
“Don’t touch me.”
“I’ll do whatever I damn well please.” Lennek raised his hand as if to grab her arm. 
The guards opened the doors to the Dining Hall, neither one looking her way. Rema hurried inside, trying to put space between her and Lennek. Unfortunately, no one was seated at the table yet. She spun back around to face the prince. 
Lennek stood with his arms crossed. “You need to start behaving yourself. Lord Jamison, Lady Lucinda, and their daughter Trianna will be joining us for breakfast. I expect you to be on your best behavior. Understand?” Rema nodded. “Good. I’m leaving with them shortly hereafter for a hunting trip on their land.”
If he was trying to make Rema jealous, it wasn’t working. Rema was ecstatic. If Lennek was going to be gone for a few days, then she’d be seeing more of Darmik. She tried to suppress her joy at the news.
King Barjon entered, wearing a blue tunic that revealed the tattoos covering his neck and the top of his shoulders. His marks reminded Rema of a briar patch—thorny-vined plants strangling one another in order to dominate. Although the king wasn’t wearing his cape, he still exuded power and confidence. Following him was a middle-aged couple. Based on their extravagant clothing and jewelry, Rema knew they were wealthy and had to be the couple Lennek spoke of. Behind them was a delicate girl with flawless skin and black hair. She looked to be about sixteen and wore an elegant, green dress. This beautiful girl had to be Trianna.
When Lord Jamison, Lady Lucinda, and Trianna entered the room, they bowed to the king and prince. No one acknowledged or even looked Rema’s way as everyone sat down. Rema quietly took her seat next to Lennek. One place setting remained empty. Perhaps Darmik was coming. The possibility filled Rema with hope. She could make it through this breakfast if afforded the opportunity to see him.
“What is she doing here?” The king asked Lennek, pointing to Rema. “I thought I was clear, I don’t want to be around her until I have to—after the marriage ceremony. Until then, keep her away.”
“Father, be nice. I thought it wise to expose her to a little culture. Besides, I’m leaving today and I wanted to see her before I left.”
The king stared at Rema. His top lip curled like he smelled rotten food. 
“I want her here,” Lennek added. 
Lord Jamison smirked, while Lady Lucinda avoided eye contact with Rema. However, Trianna was staring directly at Rema, studying her.
“So be it.” The king lifted his hand and servants entered, carrying plates of food. 
Lord Jamison said, “We’re so happy that you’re joining us, Prince Lennek.”
“Yes,” his wife added. “Trianna is equally pleased.”
“King Barjon,” Lord Jamison said, “Now that Trianna is of age, we are seeking an appropriate suitor. If you have any suggestions, we will gladly accept them.”
Trianna’s face turned rosy red.
Rema quietly ate her food, wishing she could suggest that Prince Lennek marry Trianna. Now that match made sense. 
“I will think on it,” the king responded. “Sometimes the correct choice isn’t the most logical one. I advised Lennek to marry from the lower class in order to restore unity to the kingdom.” 
“Yes,” Lady Lucinda responded. She turned her full attention to Rema. “I understand you are a horse merchant’s niece, and that you were raised on a horse farm. What a terrible upbringing that must have been.”
“I miss my family and home,” Rema replied. “My childhood was filled with love. I knew nothing of politics, selfishness, or greed until I came here.” 
The doors flew open, and Prince Darmik was announced. He was sweaty and wore a loose-fitting shirt and trousers, making him even more handsome and rugged. 
“Sorry I’m late,” he said as he took his seat. “I was running a training exercise over at the compound.” Darmik did not glance her way.
“Prince Darmik,” Trianna spoke with a soft, kind voice. “I trust you are doing well?”
“Yes, thank you.” 
Lord Jamison cleared his throat. “King Barjon, why not have Prince Darmik marry the commoner for the reasons you stated, and have Prince Lennek marry one of our own people? It seems rather barbaric to force Prince Lennek to marry so low. But the commander, now that makes more sense.”
Rema’s face flushed at the thought of her and Darmik. 
“I have my reasons,” the king said. “Now don’t worry, your daughter will marry, and she will marry well.”
“Prince Lennek,” Lady Lucinda spoke, “our carriage is packed and the horses are ready. When you are prepared to leave, Trianna will accompany you. We are so very pleased to be spending this time alone with you.”
“It will be an interesting trip, I’m sure,” Lennek said. He looked to Trianna and smiled. Trianna batted her eyes at him.
“Yes,” Lord Jamison said. “We will be dining with the governor and local nobles. I will ensure a peaceful and relaxing visit. My daughter will tend to your every need.”
Lennek chuckled. “I’m sure I will enjoy my visit immensely.”
“Excuse me?” Rema exclaimed, unable to stop herself. Her face reddened in anger. Everyone turned their attention to her. “Perhaps instead of vacationing, you should focus on your kingdom and the people starving in it. Act like a prince for once.” She slammed her fork down. People were starving in the kingdom and all Lennek cared for was his own personal satisfaction. It was disgusting. 
The room was deadly silent, everyone staring at Rema. She hadn’t meant to speak her thoughts aloud.
“Tell me,” the king demanded, “if your uncle uses a whip to train his horses.”
Darmik’s hand tightened around his fork, the tendons in his arm protruding. 
“No,” Rema answered. “Whips are barbaric.” She knew she was in trouble. The king never addressed her directly. 
“Father,” Prince Lennek interjected, “you can’t whip Rema. I don’t want her scarred.” 
“No, her punishment for her foul mouth is this,” the king turned to face Rema, “you will witness a horse whipped to death. And the next time your mouth acts up, know it will be you who meets that fate.”
Rema’s stomach violently twisted, and there was a dull ringing in her ears. Did she hear the king correctly? He was going to whip a horse to death in front of her?
Lady Lucinda pushed away from the table, smiling. “Clearly we’re done here. If you’ll excuse me, I want to make sure the servants have everything in order.”
Darmik also stood, his plate still filled with food. He looked at his father, and then left without a word. 
Everyone else exited, but Rema remained alone in the Dining Hall, unsure of what to do. Her body was shaking from anger, and her eyes filled with tears. She hated it there and wanted to go home. Home—where she was loved, accepted, and wanted.
Her guards entered. One gently said, “We’re to escort you outside.”
****
They came around the side of the royal stables. A lone, gray horse stood tethered to a post, his legs chained to the ground. Four men surrounded the animal, each holding a whip. They exchanged glances with one another, unsure of what to do.
Rema froze. She couldn’t watch this. Her two escorts didn’t push her any farther into the pasture. They both looked sick with the prospect of watching an animal beaten to death.
“Please,” she begged, “don’t kill it.”
The king approached. “What are you waiting for? Get Rema in there and get started.”
The guards took hold of her arms and went into the pasture.
“I don’t have all day.” The king’s robe floated in the soft breeze. The sun shone overhead, warming Rema’s face.
Rema wanted to beg the king not to harm the animal, but she was afraid speaking out of turn would only enhance the barbaric punishment. 
The four men drew their whips up, and one at a time, the leather straps sliced down, ripping into the horse.
The beautiful animal screamed. Tears fell down her cheeks as her legs buckled and she fell to the ground, vomiting.
Blood splattered on the ground in front of her. 
The soldiers pulled Rema to a standing position, forcing her to watch. She squeezed her eyes shut, refusing to witness the gruesome murder. She covered her ears with her hands, trying to block out the noise.  
But she couldn’t block the sound. The screams. The thump when the animal fell to the ground. The feeling of wet blood hitting her in the face.
****
As they silently headed back through the corridors, Rema’s body was still shaking, her skin damp and clammy. Bloody spots littered her dress. 
Darmik stepped from a darkened doorway. He put a coin in each of the guard’s hands.
“Are you well?” he gently asked.
Rema shook her head, no voice to respond. Images fresh in her mind bombarded her.
Darmik carefully took her elbow and turned down a different hallway, the guards trailing behind them.
“I just want to be left alone,” she whispered.
He pulled her to an arched doorway. “Wait here,” he instructed the guards, handing each of them another gold coin.
Darmik opened the door and led Rema inside. It certainly wasn’t what she expected. The large room had glass walls and a glass ceiling. The entire place was filled with rose bushes of various colors. The air was warm and sweet. Darmik walked to the center of the room where the rose bushes were as tall as his head, shielding him from anyone passing by outside. Rema followed. When she caught up to him, he was sitting on the ground, hands clasped in his lap.
“I’m so sorry,” he murmured. 
“It’s not your fault,” Rema responded, sitting on the ground next to him.
“I can’t even imagine—”
“No,” Rema interrupted him. “I don’t want to talk about it. I don’t even want to think about it. Distract me, please.”
Darmik fidgeted with the edge of his tunic. “When I was a child, I used to come here to hide.” 
It was a place one could easily get lost in. Her hands caressed the dirt. “I used to hide in our barn, with my horse.” 
Darmik laughed. “Why does that not surprise me?”
His body shifted, closer to hers. “I have something for you.” He pulled out a small book from his pocket and handed it to her. The black leather was soft. As she peeled back the cover, it cracked in her hands, reminding her of home and her lessons with Aunt Maya. It was a book Rema didn’t recognize.
“It’s about a young boy who travels to faraway lands. He discovers things beyond his wildest imagination. I thought you could use something to read since you’re always alone in your room.”
“Thank you.” Rema felt safe next to Darmik. This man, who looked so similar to his brother, yet, was nothing like him. He was kind, generous, and thoughtful. If only it was Darmik who wanted to marry her instead of Lennek.
After flipping through the book, Rema glanced at Darmik. The way he sat afforded her the opportunity to examine his tattoo better. The lines came up from under his loose shirt and formed points, like dancing flames.
“Your marks are beautiful,” Rema said, reaching out to touch them. “May I?”
Darmik nodded, and Rema traced along the edges of the black flames. Her fingers tingled from the contact. Darmik’s skin was moist with sweat, and he shivered.
“Did you receive these marks as an infant?” she whispered.
“I did. My father chose the design.” His voice was hoarse. His hand wrapped around hers, pulling her closer. Darmik’s head leaned slightly forward, and Rema imitated him. Her lips craved his warm touch. She closed her eyes, holding her breath in anticipation. 
“Commander,” someone spoke from the room’s entrance. “Are you in here?”
Rema jumped. 
“Dont fret,” Darmik said, “there’s nothing to worry about.” He stood up. “What is it, Neco?”
“I’ve been searching for you for over an hour. There’s an issue. Your presence is needed immediately.” 
Darmik squatted next to Rema, his eyes penetrating into hers. “I’ll come find you tomorrow. The guards will escort you back to your room.”
Rema nodded, unable to utter a single word. Her body felt like it was on fire.
****
Ellie came shortly after hearing news of Rema’s punishment. She had been talking non-stop since she arrived, trying to keep Rema’s mind distracted. It was working, and Rema was grateful for her kindness.
Rema was sitting on the settee, holding her necklace. “OK and AM have to stand for something,” she said. “My aunt’s name is Maya. Maybe AM stands for Aunt Maya.”
Ellie sat down next to Rema, looking at the key. 
Rema continued, “And maybe OK is supposed to be UK? Then it could stand for Uncle Kar.”
Ellie leaned over and studied the inscription. “I don’t know. Everything is clear. It doesn’t look worn, so I’d say it’s supposed to be OK.”
“Then the significant word here has to be back,” Rema said. She remembered having a birthmark on her back, but that couldn’t possibly mean anything.
“Not just back,” Ellie said, “but look back.”
“OK and AM,” Rema thought out loud, “look back.” Suddenly, she had an idea. “Maybe I’m supposed to look at the clues backwards, you know, look back.”
“So instead of OK and AM, it should be MA and KO?” Ellie asked.
“Exactly. Do these letters mean anything to you?”
“No,” Ellie responded, tapping a finger on her head. “But let me think. I have heard the name Mako before. Maybe it’s a clue to a person named Mako?”
“Hmm,” Rema pondered. She’d also heard of the name Mako, but she couldn’t remember where or when. “That makes sense because the next line says Trust in him.”
“So trust in Mako?”
Rema nodded. They were finally getting somewhere. Now she just had to figure out who this Mako was. 
“There’s one thing I don’t understand,” Rema said.
“Only one?” Ellie joked.
“Why is my name in capital letters too?”
Ellie was about to respond when the door opened, and Darmik entered. His eyes passed from Rema to Ellie and back again, both of them still sitting side by side on the settee.
Ellie put the necklace around Rema’s neck. “Anything else?”
Rema slid the key under her dress. “No, thank you.” 
Ellie raised her eyebrows, trying to suppress a smirk. She leaned in and whispered, “I’ll come back later for the sack. It’s hidden under your bed.” Ellie curtseyed and left.
“Good morning, Prince Darmik,” Rema said.
He glanced around the room. “Is there anyone else here?” 
“No, I’m alone now.”
Since that day in the rose garden, Rema and Darmik hadn’t had the opportunity to be alone. Anytime she stepped foot out of her room, she was accompanied by her guards.
“Excellent.” Darmik opened the door and went back into the hallway. He handed each of her guards a coin, and then pushed a cart covered with cloth into her room. Sitting on top was a plate of food. 
“Thanks, but I already ate,” Rema said. 
Darmik smiled and shut the door. He moved the cloth aside and pulled out a roll of dull, brown fabric. “Your disguise, shirt and skirt. Today, we go into the city. Alone.” He gave her one of his grins—a mixture of mischievousness with a touch of happiness and excitement. Rema couldn’t be sure because he so rarely smiled. She was under the impression that he was always working, serving Prince Lennek and King Barjon. And he never did anything for himself. He had no life of his own. 
She went into her bedchamber and closed the door. Slipping on the disguise, the rough fabric scratched her skin and was uncomfortable, especially after all the silk dresses she had been wearing. Yet, Rema welcomed the familiarity of the plain clothes. 
Looking into the mirror, her blonde hair stood out like a beacon. There was no way she could go into public without somehow covering it—she’d be recognized immediately. Searching through one of the ornate greenwood dressers, Rema found a gray scarf and wrapped it around her head. Checking the mirror again, she looked anonymous. She took a step back, and her foot caught on the brown sack Ellie had hidden under the bed. Instinctively, Rema pushed it back under the bed until she realized that if she was going into the city, she should make the delivery herself. She grabbed the bag, her heart pounding in anticipation.
Resting her hand on the door’s latch, Rema remembered what Darmik had said—they were going to be alone. The last time they were alone, they almost kissed. She closed her eyes, imagining what kissing Darmik would feel like, what he would taste like.
“Are you almost ready?” Darmik asked from the sitting room. 
Rema’s face warmed, and she opened the door. 
Darmik stood waiting for her. A slow smile spread across his face. “Your eyes stand out. Especially wearing the gray scarf.”
“Oh.” There was nothing she could do about that. Suddenly she felt self-conscious.
“What’s that?” He pointed to the sack.
Not seeing any reason to lie to him, Rema answered, “Food. For the people in the city who need it.”
“Are you the one who’s been smuggling food and blankets out of the castle?” His face was expressionless, not revealing what he was really thinking. 
“Does the king know about it?” Would she get in trouble for taking the food? Would Ellie? Rema didn’t think she could handle another one of the king’s punishments.
“No,” Darmik said. “A servant reported that supplies were missing. One of my soldiers investigated and reported it to me. Neither Prince Lennek nor the king know anything about it.”
“Then yes, guilty as charged.” She didn’t want to mention Ellie had been doing most of the work and get Ellie into trouble if anyone else found out. They’d have to be more careful.
“Clever girl.”  
“Are you going to tell your father?” Rema asked.
“No.” Darmik went into her bedchamber. 
“What are you doing?” she asked, following him.
Darmik took her pillows and put them under the covers. Then he ruffled the bed a little more.
“It looks like someone is sleeping in there.”
“Exactly. Come on.” Darmik went back into her sitting room and pulled the fabric away from the food cart. “You’re going to sit under here.”
“On the bottom shelf of the food cart?” She wasn’t sure if she could fit, especially with the sack of bread.
“Why the hesitation?” he asked, a challenge clear in his eyes. “Afraid you’ll get caught?” 
Darmik was an intelligent man, in charge of an entire army. Rema was fairly certain he knew what he was doing.
“Hardly,” she replied. As excited as she was to be spending time with Darmik, if afforded the opportunity, she would escape. She climbed onto the bottom shelf and put the sack on her lap. “What’s taking you so long? Are you afraid?”
“Oh Rema, with you, I’m always afraid.” He dropped the fabric down, concealing her. “Hold on.”
The cart lurched forward, creaking. 
She heard the door open, and they entered the hallway. “Commander,” the two posted guards said in unison. 
“The food didn’t agree with Rema,” Darmik said. “She’s in bed, asleep. Make sure she’s not disturbed. I’ll come back to check on her later.” Rema heard the sound of coins clanking against one another. Darmik must be bribing the guards to keep quiet about Darmik’s visits.
The cart moved forward again. They traveled down corridors, turning several times. People addressed the commander, but no one suspected Rema was hidden on the food cart. Her legs started to cramp, and her head hurt from hitting the top shelf. After what felt like a long time, Darmik finally stopped and told Rema they were clear. 
Climbing off the cart, Rema stood and stretched. They were in a small, dimly lit room without any windows or furnishings. Darmik told her to wait there while he went and changed into his own disguise, leaving out of one of the two doors.
When he came back, he wore gray trousers, a long-sleeved white shirt, and a hat low over his dark eyes. He grabbed the sack of food and opened the other door, revealing a black tunnel. They entered, and Darmik led the way through a series of twists and turns until they exited, to Rema’s surprise, outside the castle walls. Rema looked back toward the castle, at least one mile away, amazed.
“The tunnel is for security reasons, in case we have to evacuate,” Darmik said. The sun was high overhead, concealing his face in shadows. “Speaking of which,” he continued, “since we’re out of the castle and about to enter a large city with thousands of people, I’d like . . .” 
Darmik took off his hat, fidgeting with it. Then he put it back on, pulling it low. “I’d like to be your escort.” His voice was rougher than usual. Rema wasn’t sure what he meant. Wasn’t he already escorting her?
Darmik cleared his throat. “You should be either my sister...or...my wife, so I can keep ahold of your arm. That way we won’t be separated. I want to keep you safe.”
Rema wished she could see his eyes better. “I’m not some spoiled princess that never leaves her castle,” Rema laughed. “I’m a horse merchant’s niece. I can take care of myself.”
He nodded, like he expected her to say that. “Nevertheless,” he said, “I’d feel better keeping a hand on you.” Darmik grinned. “Unless it would make you uncomfortable.” 
The way he said it made Rema believe he was challenging her, and she never backed down from a challenge.
“I’m fine with it.” She held out her arm for him to take. “I might as well be your wife. Unless that makes you uncomfortable.”
“Not at all.” Darmik entwined his arm with hers, leading Rema down the road. They entered the city from a side street.
Rema had seen these buildings from the castle, but seeing them and walking among them were two very different experiences. The town near her home had one small market and only a handful of stores. King’s City had several markets and hundreds of stores. There were clothing vendors, butchers, and bakeries. People strolled through the streets shopping or heading to work. 
Everything was foreign, yet, Rema’s eyes couldn’t get enough of the sights and colors. The familiar smell of fire and the clanking sound of a blacksmith’s hammer on the anvil made her feel right at home. She had only ever dreamed of making it out of Jarko, and now, here she was in King’s City.
Going down one of the side streets, Rema and Darmik came upon a group of children playing a game with stones. The kids appeared to be about five years old, and their clothing was too small, revealing knobby knees and bony arms. 
Rema stopped, digging her fingers into Darmik’s arm. “Give them the food,” she ordered. Her heart ached at the sight of the hungry children.
Darmik slid the sack to the ground and opened it. “Here,” he said, “take what you can carry and share it with your family.”
The children abandoned their game and eagerly grabbed the bread, filling their arms until they couldn’t hold any more. 
“Thank you!” one little girl said, hugging Rema’s legs. Then she took three loaves of bread and scurried away with a smile on her face.
“It’s good to see you happy,” Darmik said.
“I like helping others,” Rema replied. “The royal family has the opportunity to do so much good but . . .” her voice trailed off. She didn’t want to offend Darmik for not being more proactive.
Darmik nodded, seeming to understand what she was implying. “It’s a shame King Barjon and Prince Lennek care more for their own well-being than they do for their people,” he whispered. Rolling the sack up, Darmik stuck it under his belt and stood. “Until I discovered you smuggling food out of the castle, the thought of defying my father and helping the people behind his back never occurred to me.”
A group of women carrying baskets walked by.
“Let’s keep moving,” Darmik whispered, keeping his face down. He offered Rema his arm, and they continued in silence, passing stores and strolling among people who lived and worked in the city. 
Turning onto one of the more crowded streets, Darmik leaned in toward Rema’s ear. “There’s something you have to try,” he said, leading her into a bakery. He bought a delicious piece of elderflower cheesecake with blackberry jam on top.
“This is fabulous,” she said in between bites. “I’ve never tasted anything like it.” She shoved another piece in her mouth as they walked outside the bakery.
“I can tell.” Darmik seemed amused. “You have jam on your nose.”
With one wipe, she discovered there wasn’t anything on her face. Darmik was teasing her. Taking her finger, she scooped up some jam off the cheesecake and smeared it on Darmik’s nose before he realized what she was doing. 
For a brief second, she was afraid he’d be mad at her, but he laughed instead. Darmik pulled her across the street to a marble water fountain with a statue of King Barjon. A few kids played in the pool, splashing one another.  
Darmik rinsed off his face. “I’ll get you back for that one.” He chuckled.
“I thought I was getting you back.”
“Come on.” He took her arm, and they continued walking through the streets. Darmik took her to the only park in the city. It was a grassy area with small beds of flowers spread throughout. It reminded her of Aunt Maya’s garden next to the house. 
Darmik squatted down and picked a flower, twirling it between his fingers. “So,” he said, “besides the obvious—that you’re a horse lover and fiercely independent, I know very little about you.” 
“There’s not much to tell,” Rema replied. “I grew up on a horse farm. My aunt educated me. Now I’m here.” She didn’t want to think about her family or horses—it was too painful.
Darmik stood and gazed intently into her eyes. “What happened to your parents?” he asked. “Why were you raised by your aunt and uncle?”
Rema looked at this handsome man standing before her with strong, muscled arms, hands calloused from the sword, and warm eyes. Did he really want to know her? Did he really care about her?
“They died,” she said, “during the takeover. I have no one else. No other family.”
“I’m sorry.” He sounded sad, but his father was the one responsible for the death of so many people. 
The image of the horse, bloodied and dead, was seared into her memory. She shrugged her shoulders. A group passed next to them, no idea the commander and future princess were only two feet away. 
Could she turn and walk away, disappearing into this large city? What would happen to her aunt and uncle? Could she get word to them so they could also escape before Lennek took vengeance upon them? 
“I want to ask you something,” Rema whispered. “What would happen if I walked away and vanished, right now?”
Darmik tucked the white wildflower behind Rema’s right ear. His touch left her skin tingling, wanting more. She pushed his hat up half an inch so she could see his mesmerizing brown eyes. 
“Lennek would make sure you paid dearly for it. Your aunt, uncle, everyone you know in Jarko would be murdered. I don’t think I need to explain Lennek’s cruel side. You’ve already seen what he and my father are capable of.” 
Her freedom wasn’t worth the death of another. It felt like someone squeezed her heart, destroying all hope.
Something toward the park’s entrance caught Darmik’s attention. “We need to get back to the castle before Lennek returns.”
There was an odd twitch to his eye, and for the first time, Rema thought that maybe Darmik was frightened of Lennek. She wanted to know what had happened to make him afraid of his own brother—but she was too scared to hear the answer. Still, he was the commander of an entire army and he knew how to take care of himself. She shuddered at the thought of someone so strong and powerful fearing Lennek. 
****
There was a knock on the door. Rema set aside her book and looked up to see Darmik enter her private sitting room.
“I just wanted to check on you. How are you doing?” He wore riding clothes, and Rema wished she could go riding with him again. But she didn’t know if she could handle being around a horse yet.
“I’m good. And thank you for yesterday.” Visions of the stores and the pungent smells of the city already felt like a distant dream.
He nodded. “I can’t stay today. Lennek’s in the castle.”
“So?” Rema asked, curious to hear Darmik’s answer.
“He won’t be happy if he finds me here with you.” He stood tall and proud, his face revealing nothing.
“Are you afraid of your brother?” Rema asked. 
“It’s not that I fear him; it’s that he’s an unknown,” Darmik said. “A wildcard, if you will. He’s unpredictable and fueled by jealousy, revenge, and power. A deadly combination.” He sat down on the settee. Rema was thrilled he was staying, even if it was only for a little bit.
“But he’s your brother. You must love him.” Using the excuse that they needed keep their voices low so no one would hear, Rema scooted closer to him.
“I love him because he’s my brother, not because of who he is as a person.”
Rema thought she understood that. Darmik fidgeted with the bottom of his tunic. She wished she could reach out and hold his hands. The image of them walking through the streets resurfaced. She had held his arm for most of yesterday, liking the way it was warm and strong. Darmik made her feel safe. Rema remembered what it felt like when he gave her the flower, when his hand briefly touched hers.
“So...you and Bren were engaged?” Darmik asked. 
The change of topics surprised her. It was difficult to think about Bren. She wasn’t sure she could talk about him without getting emotional. 
“I’m sorry. I don’t want to cause you pain. I was just wondering...if you’re still in love with him?” Darmik stumbled over his words.
“Bren was my only friend. My best friend. I loved him dearly, but only as a friend.” Tears filled her eyes. The image of Bren, bloody in her arms, was all she could picture. Rema wiped her sweaty palms on her dress.
Darmik shifted his body toward her. “I’m sorry for your loss. For everything you’ve had to endure since we first met.” He put his arm on her shoulder. She froze, not wanting to do anything that would make him take his arm away. She needed the comfort and security right now.
“What about you?” she asked. Darmik furrowed his eyebrows. “I mean, is there anyone special in your life?” She couldn’t believe she just asked him that.
His arm fell from her shoulder, breaking their physical contact. A chill swept over her. She very much wanted him to touch her again. “No,” he said. “I’m busy trying to keep the kingdom from going to war with itself.”
Of course, she thought. Still, she couldn’t help but wonder if he had ever been in love before. Looking into his eyes, Rema thought she saw pain there.
She knew it was stupid to entertain any fantasies about Prince Darmik. It was far too dangerous, and she had to keep reminding herself that he was a friend, nothing more. Besides, she wanted to escape this royal family—not be connected to it in any way.
Rema just wished that, as a friend, he wasn’t so handsome. That his eyes didn’t make her stomach do flips. That he didn’t seem so interested in her. That he, himself, wasn’t so interesting. She had an intense desire to kiss him. It had to be the result of her circumstances—away from her family, Bren’s death, the horse—that made her vulnerable. Rema needed to gain control of her emotions. This wasn’t love. It couldn’t be.
Darmik opened his mouth to say something, but the guards’ voices got loud, alerting him to someone’s approach. Darmik moved to the opposite couch and pulled out his dagger. 
The door flew open, and Lennek strolled in. “Brother,” Lennek said. “Come to admire my new trophy?” He sat next to Rema, putting his arms on the back of the settee, looking far too comfortable.
Darmik’s face was expressionless, revealing nothing. Rema’s heart pounded. The dagger hung loosely from his fingers. 
“Rema, sorry to ruin Lennek’s gift.” 
She had no idea what he was talking about. He placed the dagger on the low table between them. Lennek’s eyes zeroed in on the knife.
“Is that what I think it is?” Lennek asked.
“It is. It’s the dagger that killed the last royal family member.” Darmik focused on Rema. “If you want me to have one made for you, it’s going to cost you. When you decide, send word through the guards again.”
She remembered Aunt Maya mentioning once that nobles exchanged gifts during the wedding ceremony.
“You don’t need to get me anything.” Lennek took Rema’s hand and kissed it. “You are gift enough.” His eyes lingered over her body.
Rema wanted to tear her hand away and wipe it on her dress. 
Instead of letting go, Lennek squeezed and pulled her closer. “Darmik, leave us. I want to be alone with my fiancée.” Rema forced herself not to act guilty or look at Darmik. If she did, Prince Lennek would know she had feelings for Darmik.
Darmik hesitated. Rema didn’t want Lennek lashing out at him because of her.
“Good-bye, Prince Darmik,” she said smiling, trying to assure him that she could take care of herself. “Thank you for your input. The guard was right; you were the right person to ask.” He nodded and left.
“So, tell me dear,” Lennek mused, “does Darmik visit you often?”
His breath was hot and revolting in her face. Rema remembered being on that cliff with Lennek and him threatening her if she ever lied to him. Lennek’s hand stroked her cheek, his thumb attempting to caress her lips. He moved in for a kiss, and she stiffened. His mouth stopped, an inch from hers.
“Something the matter, dear?” Lennek asked.
“No...not at all.” She braced herself for his kiss. 
Instead, his hands snaked around her waist, and then moved up her back. “Kiss me,” Lennek demanded. “And mean it.”
“No.”
“No?” he asked in disbelief. She could tell his mind was already forming a threat.
“I’m still grieving Bren. Besides, we’ll be married soon enough.”
Lennek pulled back and stared at her. Swift as a snack’s bite, his mouth was at her ear. “Fine. Play your little game,” he whispered. “But our wedding is only days away and once we’re married, you’re mine. Whether you like it or not. Understand?” 
Rema had the urge to scream at him and break down crying, all at the same time. Containing her emotions, she nodded and was thankful when he got up and left. 
She realized there was no way she could protect her aunt and uncle. She needed to get a message to them so they could disappear. It was also time to ask Darmik if he could aid her in any way. In other words, it was time to find out just how good of a friend he really was.


Darmik
Before Rema’s door closed, Darmik already regretted leaving her alone with Lennek. He wanted to turn around, storm back in there, and take her away from the castle. But if Darmik challenged Lennek in any way, Lennek would destroy everyone Rema loved, and she would end up blaming and hating Darmik for it.
Darmik forced himself to walk away from her room, but he couldn’t force himself to forget what had happened almost four years ago. He was sixteen at the time and had just started his training as an officer in the army. His squad was stationed in the town of Noir, located in Kaven. While patrolling one day, he met the governor’s daughter, Jarcy. During the weeks that followed, they fell in love. Darmik wrote to his father and asked permission to marry her. King Barjon agreed, and asked Darmik to escort the governor and Jarcy to the castle for the marriage negotiations.
When they had arrived at King’s City, Jarcy was officially introduced at court. Everyone took a liking to her—especially Lennek. So much so that he tried to lure Jarcy away from Darmik, using his position as the future king to sway her. However, Jarcy wasn’t interested in the Crown Prince, and she told him she was in love with Darmik. Lennek was furious—he swore to make Darmik pay. The king suddenly ended the marriage negotiations and sent the governor and his daughter home.
The governor of Kaven was furious. He sent King Barjon a letter stating that his daughter was devastated and he, himself, was rather disappointed with the king’s handling of the negotiations. The king offered a marriage contract between Lennek and Jarcy, but the governor refused. A week later, the King’s Army marched into Kaven and arrested the governor for treason. Jarcy, along with her mother and three sisters, were held for ransom. The governor had no choice but to accept the marriage contract of an elderly man who had the means and was willing to pay a significant amount of money for the right to marry Jarcy. The man paid the ransom, freeing Jarcy and her family. They were married the next day. 
However, not even Jarcy’s newfound wealth was enough to stop the governor’s execution. After her father was hanged, Lennek expressed his pleasure over Jarcy’s marriage to the uncle of one of Lennek’s dear friends. In fact, Lennek had overseen the negotiations and personally signed the contract.  
Jarcy killed herself shortly thereafter by ingesting a poisonous plant. She left Darmik a letter stating that she wished she had never met him, claiming he was responsible for her father’s death, and blaming him for destroying her life.
Storming down the hallway, Darmik knew the best thing to do was to pretend he didn’t care about Rema. He wouldn’t allow what happened to Jarcy to happen to her.
Darmik needed to focus on something else. There was still a section of the archives in the library that he needed to investigate. So far, he hadn’t found any information regarding the tattoos, but there had to be evidence or records on the matter. 
After combing through the rest of the books, Darmik couldn’t believe there wasn’t a single mention of the tattoos. Sliding the last book back into its place, Darmik sat on the ground. There had to be something somewhere. He needed to think. Who would know about the way of things before his father’s time? 
The only person that came to mind was an older gentleman by the name of Trell. Trell had been King Barjon’s personal advisor during the takeover. Once, over dinner and several pints of ale, Trell pulled Darmik aside and revealed that he had been the chief battle strategist for Emperion. Since Trell was close to retirement, Emperor Hamen assigned him to accompany Barjon to Greenwood Island in order to ensure a swift and efficient success. Trell claimed he had orchestrated the entire invasion. However, when King Barjon told the story of the takeover, he rarely mentioned Trell, and instead, took all the credit for himself. 
After Barjon was crowned king of Greenwood Island, Trell retired, intending to live a quiet life. He never married, nor had children. Occasionally he was consulted on military matters, but seldom left his fortress, and the king no longer invited him to the castle.
If anyone knew the truth about the tattoos, it was the old man.
Trell lived on the outskirts of a small town named Werden, in Shano. It was only a half-day’s ride north from the castle. Darmik could make it there and back without anyone knowing he had even left King’s City. 
Without revealing his destination, Darmik traveled to Werden with only a handful of his personal guard. When he arrived on Trell’s land, no one was about. Darmik had always enjoyed this castle as a child. It looked like rocks were pulled from the ground and stacked on top of one another, forming the two-story structure.
After pounding on the wooden door, a steward answered. Darmik’s men were escorted to the kitchen for food and drink, while Darmik was taken to the sitting room and announced. 
Trell was sitting in a black, high-backed chair near the fireplace. He was covered with a red blanket, his long white hair and leathery skin standing in stark contrast to the dark colors of the room. 
“Prince Darmik, my how you’ve grown.” His voice was gravely from old age. “Forgive me for not kneeling. It’s getting hard to move around.” 
“No need for proper protocol,” Darmik replied. It had been quite some time since he’d last seen Trell. He quickly scanned the room, making sure no one else was present. The curtains were shut, the only light coming from the fireplace. The dark wood walls were covered with tapestries depicting constellations. Darmik moved closer to Trell.
A book lay across the old man’s lap. Noticing Darmik trying to read the page, Trell closed the thick leather cover and put it on the side table. Darmik glanced at the title, Maintaining a Large Military Force and Achieving Economic Prosperity. 
“What brings you out my way?” There was a spark behind the elderly man’s eyes.
“Something only you may know,” Darmik answered.
“No one asks for my advice these days.” Trell raised his eyebrows, intrigued. “How can I be of service?”
Darmik sat on the settee next to Trell’s chair, trying to decide how much information to reveal. There was no point in hiding anything—most likely Trell had heard the rumors. As Darmik proceeded to tell him what he knew about the tattoos and the possible heir, the old man leaned back, his eyes blank and distant.
When Darmik finished, Trell nodded. “Hmm...that would be an interesting turn of events. And quite unexpected. I don’t know the answer, but I’m sure we can figure it out.” Trell’s cheek twitched.
“How?” Darmik asked. He needed concrete evidence one way or the other. Speculation or probability wasn’t good enough.
The old man stared at him. “So you want to know if King Barjon was correctly informed—that the royal family did not tattoo their children until their first birthday?”
“Yes. I need to know if these rebels have a cause or not.” Darmik put his elbows on his thighs and leaned forward.
“And if they do?” Trell asked. “Do you plan to follow in your father’s footsteps and slaughter the rightful heir?”
Darmik didn’t like to hear it put that way. “I plan to protect my king.”
“I’ve seen a lot of bloodshed in my days,” Trell admitted. “Now I wonder if things could’ve been done differently.”
“I don’t want a war,” Darmik said, “if that’s what you’re implying. I’m trying to save lives.”
“Good, I’m glad to hear it. But you still haven’t answered my question.”
Darmik rubbed his face. “I don’t know,” he admitted. Darmik wasn’t sure if he could kill a young woman for no other reason than her bloodline. He was sick of killing people just because his father had ordered him to do so. 
“The answer lies within,” Trell said, tapping his own chest. “Do you know that I was instrumental in the takeover?” Darmik nodded. Trell shifted in his seat, and then continued, “Most battles are won by those who understand their enemy. I’ve always found one only has to look to the arts.”
“I’m not following you.” Darmik knew nothing about art.
“Sculptures, books, paintings. They reveal the true identity of a culture. If you understand that, then you know your enemy. You can find their weakness and attack.”
“What does this have to do with the tattoo issue?”
Trell shook his head and sighed. “Patience, boy.” He removed the blanket. “I’m going to share something with you, but no one is to know. Understand?” 
Darmik promised he wouldn’t speak a word of it to anyone. 
“For my services in successfully taking over Greenwood Island, I turned down the governorship your father offered and instead, received all the books, paintings, and artwork from the previous royal family, thus saving everything from being burned. Your father wanted it all destroyed, but I knew their value. My payment, if you will, for assisting your father was the acquisition of all artifacts.” 
Darmik’s eyes widened. “You have it all?”
Trell chuckled. “Everything.” He pointed out of the room. “It’s all locked in my vault.”
“Can I see it?” Darmik inched to the edge of the cushion.
Trell reached out and took hold of Darmik’s arm. “Remember, no one is to know. King Barjon swore me to secrecy.”
“Of course.”
“But I will only show you the portraits. Nothing else.” He released Darmik’s arm.
“I’m not following you. How will the portraits be beneficial?”
“There are pictures of every member of the previous royal family.”
It was Darmik’s understanding that the tattoos weren’t visible like the ones today. King Barjon, Lennek, and Darmik’s tattoos were more of a status symbol than anything. If the previous family used these tattoos to identify their bloodline, then Darmik assumed they’d be hidden so no one knew what they looked like. 
The old man gazed into the fire. “Portraits were also drawn for private use. And the tattoos had to be documented some way.” 
Darmik suspected Trell knew more than he was revealing. Perhaps King Barjon had sworn Trell to secrecy on more than one matter. 
“Emperion uses tattoos in their army to identify a person’s rank.” Darmik stood, pacing the room. “Here, we use them to identify where a person lives. My family uses the tattoos to show status.” Darmik kept walking, lost in thought. “I don’t recall the Emperor being marked. How did my father discover the use of the royal tattoos here on Greenwood Island?”
Trell’s finger tapped the arm of the chair. “Do you know the history of Greenwood Island? How it was founded?” Darmik nodded. “I’m positive Emperion has the same marking system for their royalty. Just no one knows about it—as it should be. That’s probably how your father found out in the first place—Emperor Hamen most likely told him.”
If the tradition came from Emperion, and Emperor Hamen had told his father about the tattoos, and King Barjon insisted that babies weren’t marked until age one, then Darmik was leaning toward believing his father. 
Trell grinned. “Come. Let us see what we can discover.” Darmik took Trell’s elbow, helping the old man stand. 
“Thank you,” Trell said, patting Darmik’s arm. “Follow me.”
Trell led the way out of the sitting room and through several stone corridors. His feet shuffled over the wood plank flooring. Darmik heard his soldiers’ laughing from the other side of the castle.  
“Here we are,” Trell said, stopping at a door and pulling out a key. He unlocked the door and pushed it open. It was solid black inside. “There’s a window straight ahead.”
Darmik entered, unable to see anything. He walked forward, sliding his feet and waving his hands, hoping not to run into any objects. His fingers felt velvet fabric, so he grabbed it, and slid the curtain aside. Light poured in.
He squinted and glanced around. They were in a small library. Trell entered and stood near one of the walls. His hands felt along a book, jiggling it. A loud groan erupted and the bookshelf swung open, like a door.
“This way.” Trell waved Darmik to his side. 
They walked into a short hallway and down a flight of stone stairs, stopping at a heavy oak door. When Trell gave it a push, the door they had entered through swung shut with a bang.
“There’s a lamp to your right.”
Darmik found and lit it, while Trell lit a few more. The room was enormous—perhaps fifty-feet-by-fifty-feet. One section of the room had statues and artifacts. Another area was filled with books. To the right were shelves filled with boxes of various sizes. The last area was completely covered with white sheets, concealing the identity of what lay underneath them.  
“Impressive,” Darmik whistled. “Are we underground?”
“Yes.”
The walls were made of gray stones. Heavy oak timbers used for rafters supported the ground floor of the castle.
“The stone walls and the lack of windows help to preserve the contents,” Trell said. “Less air.” 
Darmik moved toward the statues. One appeared to be sparkling, made from some sort of black stone.
“Over here,” Trell said, demanding Darmik’s attention. Trell stood in front of several shelves, all taller than himself, filled with wooden boxes. 
“What are these?” Darmik asked.
“Every year, an artist was commissioned to draw each member of the royal family.” He pulled down a box, covered with a layer of thick dust. “They’re organized by person, and then family.”
The box had a name written on the side. “So the portraits in there are for Addette?”
“Yes. And the boxes on the same shelf as hers are the immediate family members—husband and children. She married into the royal family, so she ends here. But her husband,” Trell pointed to his box, “his parents are above him, his grandchildren are on the shelf below.”
Trell slid a piece of paper out from the box, glanced at it, and replaced it before putting the box back onto the shelf. “The first ruler was King Nero.” He moved to the left and climbed up a ladder.  Pulling a box out, he handed it to Darmik. “This is the first one,” Trell said, short of breath. 
Darmik set the box on a bare table and quickly climbed the ladder to help Trell. When they reached the bottom, Trell opened the lid and slid out a picture. 
It was a portrait of a man in his twenties. “We’ll start with King Nero’s children and see if any of the infant pictures show the tattoo.” Darmik replaced the box for him and pulled down another one. 
“I can’t tell anything from this portrait,” Trell said, squinting.
“Let’s keep looking.” Darmik checked another box, lower on the shelf. The infant was fully dressed, and he couldn’t tell if the baby had a tattoo or not. For the next thirty minutes, Trell and Darmik searched through boxes, looking at the first couple of pictures. They came up empty-handed.
“Let’s go to the middle section,” Trell suggested.
After moving several feet to the right, Darmik chose a box at random. He pulled it down and examined the pictures. The first one was a newborn baby swaddled in a blanket. Again, no tattoos. Looking at the second picture, the baby was older by a month perhaps, and there was a distinct change. The baby was lying on his belly on a plush, red blanket. The position allowed the artist to paint the baby’s back—and a small mole on his shoulder.
Darmik got another box down from the shelf and removed the lid. He pulled out the first two pictures and saw the same thing—a newborn swaddled and then a young baby lying on her stomach. This baby appeared to have the same mole. 
“Where’s the tattoo supposed to be?” Darmik asked.
“Shoulder, if I recall correctly,” Trell responded. “Check an older picture. Every five years or so, a portrait was drawn that showed the tattoo. The pictures were considered private since no one was allowed to know about or see the tattoos.”
Darmik was so concerned with the baby pictures that he hadn’t examined the rest of the box. Scanning through the portraits, he found that every fifth one was in an envelope. He picked one out toward the center and opened it. The portrait was of a young girl with light brown hair held back by a delicate, jeweled crown. Her body was angled to show her right shoulder and her left hand pulled her dress down ever so slightly, revealing a tattoo.
It wasn’t what Darmik expected. All civilians on the island were marked on his or her wrist, but those marks were plain with black ink, depicting symbols relating to a person’s region. King Barjon, Lennek, and Darmik’s tattoos were all large marks covering their necks and shoulders—meant to be seen and stand for power. This one was pale, almost a soft gray, with delicate lines of red interwoven into a complex symbol—one that appeared near impossible to replicate. It looked like a unique piece of jewelry. The entire tattoo was one inch wide and circular.
He went back to the baby pictures. “Do you have a reading glass?”
The elderly man hobbled to another section of the room, and then returned holding one.
Darmik held the glass above the baby picture and peered through it. The mole transformed into the tattoo. 
“Bloody hell.”
“It makes sense,” Trell said. “They would want their children marked as soon as possible to avoid someone switching them at birth.”
It did make sense. But it also caused the exact scenario Darmik had hoped to prove wrong. The rumors could be true—a royal heir might have survived. If that was the case, the kingdom was going to end up in the middle of an enormous war. 
Darmik raked his hands through his hair, thinking back to all the evidence his father had. There was one head and one tattoo for everyone in the royal family except the baby, Princess Amer. Her age at death was six months old, and she didn’t have a tattoo. So...perhaps Princess Amer was smuggled from the castle during the takeover and another baby put in her place. That would explain the lack of a tattoo. The real princess would be about seventeen now—ready to take back the throne.
Pounding his fist on the table, Darmik wondered what he was going to do. He couldn’t go around checking every young woman’s shoulder. Yet, he had to find the princess.
“Promise me one thing,” Trell said.
“Anything. I’m in your debt for providing me with this information.”
Trell patted Darmik’s back. “Knowledge is power. Use it wisely.” He squeezed Darmik’s shoulder and their eyes met. “Promise me no more killing. A ruler should protect his or her people. Not murder them.”
Darmik nodded. “I promise no unnecessary killing.”
“Rule wisely—you’re not just a commander, but a prince. You can make a difference.”
****
“Commander!” Neco said, running up to him. “This is for you.” Neco handed him a letter with the king’s seal.
Darmik had stabled his horse and was on his way to see King Barjon, unsure of what to tell his father about the heir surviving. 
Darmik opened the letter and read it.
“King Barjon has received pleas from the governors in Dresden and Mullen, requesting help,” Darmik informed Neco. “There are increasing riots throughout the regions. We have orders from the king to ride out tonight.” 
Neco smiled. “I’ll give word to the men.”
Finally, Darmik could get back to his soldiers and do his job. He had to stop the rebels, imprison the heir, and bring stability to the kingdom. 
But leaving the castle meant leaving Rema.
He went straight to her room, wanting to see her before he left. Wiping his sweaty palms on his pants, Darmik squared his shoulders and entered. 
She wasn’t in her sitting room. However, Lennek never allowed her to leave her room without guards, and they were still posted at the door. His brother was too afraid that she would run away, and she probably would—Rema was more than capable. 
“Rema?” Darmik called out.
“In here,” she replied, her voice coming from her bedchamber. 
Darmik had only been inside her bedchamber once before, and that was to simply ruffle the bed and make it look like she was sleeping in it. 
Why didn’t she come into the sitting room as protocol called for? His legs remained rooted in place. If Darmik went in there, he didn’t know if he could maintain his composure and continue to conceal his feelings for her any longer. Her bedchamber was a private room where she changed and slept. 
 He wiped his hands again. Bloody hell, he wasn’t this nervous before a battle.
“Darmik?” she called.
“Coming.” He forced his legs to move to the entrance of her bedchamber. 
Rema stood looking out of the window, wearing a simple, long, and flowing white dress. Not a court dress by any means; it was something a commoner would wear. In her right hand, she held a wilted flower—it must’ve been the one he gave her in the city. She set the flower down on the window ledge, next to something shiny. It looked like a gold necklace, the one she’d often wore tucked under her dress. 
She was watching something in the courtyard far below. Her hair glowed in the afternoon sun, hanging like a golden curtain around her face. Darmik imagined taking her in his arms and holding her tight. But she was Lennek’s, for now. Maybe, just maybe, if Darmik left and didn’t show any interest in Rema, Lennek would grow bored and release her from their marriage contract. 
“You’re beautiful,” Darmik whispered.
Rema’s head turned. He hadn’t meant for her to hear. “Most people find my looks strange,” she replied.
“I’m not most people. And you’re looks are unique, but definitely not strange.”
Rema laughed. “Come see.” She pointed outside.
He wasn’t sure if he should enter her room with her actually in it. What if a servant saw? But Darmik was here to say good-bye. Still, Lennek was in the castle, and the ramifications of being caught in her bedchamber were great. “I—”
“The horse is exquisite. Hurry up before it’s gone.” She waved him over.
If a horse was involved, it was too much to resist. Stepping over the threshold, Darmik entered her bedchamber. Their shoulders brushed as he came to stand next to her. In the courtyard below, a horse merchant held the reins of a light-brown horse with white spots. A little girl, about ten years old, stood with her father, jumping up and down, clapping her hands in delight.
“I still remember when Uncle Kar gave me my first horse, Snow.” She sounded distant, homesick. “I was seven. It was a gift for my birthday.” She gazed out the window. “I hope Snow knows I didn’t abandon him.” 
“I’m sorry,” Darmik said.
“So am I.” Determination filled her voice. “But I’ll find a way to fix this.” 
Rema turned to face him.
“I need to know,” she said, her eyes meeting his, the glazed look from her memory gone, replaced with pleading, “if you can get a message to my aunt and uncle.”
He’d already checked into it. It was possible to get a message to them, but Lennek had men watching their house, and there was a good chance Lennek would find out. “I need to think about it,” was all he said. He stared out the window, unable to hold her vibrant blue eyes any longer.
Rema nodded. “I just want to know that they’re well.” 
If that was all she wanted, he could find out for her. That request was safer than delivering any sort of message. It was safer than unleashing Lennek’s violent temper. 
“Rema,” Darmik said, “the other day when I left you alone with Lennek...he didn’t do anything to you, did he?” He held his breath, waiting for her answer. The only reason Darmik played Lennek’s game was to protect Rema. If Lennek hurt her, all bets were off.
“No.” She turned away from him. 
He reached out and took her hand. She stopped and watched him, confusion and questions in her eyes.
“Rema.” Darmik interlaced his fingers with hers, and a warm feeling spread throughout his body. “I have to leave tomorrow. I’ll be gone for a while.” With his composure barely under control, Darmik’s voice was deeper than usual. He wanted nothing more than to run away with her. Saying good-bye wasn’t supposed to be so difficult. 
Her eyes filled with tears.
Darmik pulled her closer, their bodies only inches apart. “I won’t be back until the day of the wedding.”
“Do you expect me to sit still in this room?” Rema’s bright blue eyes bore into his. “Do you think, for one second, that I’m going to marry him?” 
She was getting mad. This wasn’t going how Darmik planned. He came to say farewell, not to upset her.
“What other option do I have?” Darmik asked. She might have seen glimpses of Lennek’s true personality, but until she really understood him, knew what lengths he’d go to for what he wanted, she didn’t truly comprehend how his mind worked. All Lennek did was point a sword at her aunt and uncle, and she accepted his marriage proposal. Lennek always knew how to get what he wanted, no matter the cost or the consequences.
“Do you want me to marry him? I thought. . . .” Her voice trailed off. He couldn’t look at her. He tended to avoid thinking about the actual wedding. Standing up against Lennek was treason, and he would get himself killed. But could he really sit back and allow Lennek to have her? What would that do to her? He couldn’t let Rema meet the same fate as Jarcy.
“Do you feel anything at all for me?” she tentatively asked. 
Darmik felt a whole lot of something for her. He had never felt this way about anyone, ever. He thought he had loved Jarcy—but that was different. He had been young, naïve, and truly hadn’t known what it meant to be in love. But now, with Rema, he was beginning to understand. And he was falling in love with her. He pulled her a few steps away from the window.
Darmik lifted his hands, gently placing them on either side of her face. Her pale skin was smooth and his hands looked dark against it. She smelled like wildflowers. Rema’s lips parted ever so slightly and her breath caught. She was about to say something when Darmik lowered his face to hers.
And they kissed. 
Her lips were soft and warm. His hands lowered to her back, pulling her against him. Rema’s fingers twined in Darmik’s hair, bringing his head even closer to hers. Their bodies melted together. Darmik’s mouth left hers. He kissed her neck, her head tilting back, inviting him in. She tasted better than he thought possible.
There was no way Darmik would allow Lennek to have her. His hands slid up Rema’s arms to her shoulders and their lips reunited. His fingers accidentally pushed the fabric from her shoulders, and her dress inched down. Rema took a step back, breathing heavily, with one hand holding the fabric around her chest. If she moved that hand, the dress would fall to the ground. Darmik very much wanted to see and feel her entire body. Rema bit her bottom lip and moved closer to Darmik. 
There was a loud bang, and they jumped apart. The sitting room door flew open, slamming against the wall.
“Rema!” Lennek yelled. “Where are you?”
Her eyes widened in panic. 
Lennek entered the bedchamber. “What the bloody hell is going on?” he demanded, focused solely on Darmik. “Trying to commit treason, little brother? Or do you actually think you can win this one?” His face was distorted with rage. “I knew you had a thing for her,” Lennek seethed, moving next to Darmik. He lowered his voice, “But to purposely seduce Rema, my future wife, that is crossing the line.”
Rema pulled her dress up higher, sliding her left shoulder in. She turned her back to Darmik and faced Lennek. “He wasn’t seducing me.” Rema was about to slide her right shoulder in when Darmik saw it.
The tattoo.



Rema
Lennek twisted around toward Rema, acknowledging her for the first time. His nose wrinkled in disgust, like she was cow dung. 
“Don’t speak to me in such a manner. I am the Crown Prince.” He lowered his head closer to hers. “And you, my dear, are insignificant.”
Having seen Lennek’s temper before, she knew the situation was only going to get worse. The last time Rema had angered him, Bren ended up dead. She couldn’t let that happen to Darmik.
Lennek shoved her away and focused his attention solely on his brother. “You,” he spat, pointing his finger at Darmik’s chest. “When are you ever going to learn? You can’t beat me. I always win. You’ll be sorry for this.” He spun around and left the bedchamber, his cape floating behind him. 
Rema slid her right arm in her dress and faced Darmik. He looked as if he had just seen a ghost—his face was white and his eyes were wide with disbelief. 
“We both need to get out of the castle before your brother returns.” Rema reached for him, but he backed away. 
“You almost fooled me,” Darmik said, shaking his head as he took another step away from her.
“What are you talking about? Come on, there isn’t much time.” 
Lennek returned with her two guards. “Arrest her,” he ordered.
The guards seized her arms. 
“Darmik!” she cried. “Help me!”
His face reddened, and his nostrils flared. He seemed furious—like he despised her. But what did she do? Darmik stormed from the room. 
Rema frantically tried pulling her arms out of the guards’ clutches. One minute she was kissing Darmik, lost in the moment. Now, everything was falling apart.
“Slut,” Lennek spit. “You think I want someone used by my brother? You’ve committed treason.” He leaned in, inches from her face. “I never lose. Especially to him.” His voice was laced with hatred. 
Lennek stepped back, raised his hand, and backhanded Rema across her face. The sound echoed in the room. Her cheek stung, and she tasted blood. Lennek smirked, and then adjusted his crown, the light hitting the sapphires, making them sparkle. 
“Take her to the dungeon. She’s not fit to be in the same room as me.”
The guards released her arms and nudged her forward, out of the bedchamber.
Tears filled her eyes, whether it was because Darmik had practically ran away from her, or her swelling cheek, she couldn’t be sure. 
The guards escorted her through the hallways. She wouldn’t allow herself to cry. She didn’t want everyone in the castle to see her in tears, and she wouldn’t give Lennek that satisfaction. Holding her chin up, she followed the guards as they crossed through the castle’s main inner courtyard. 
Were they really taking her to the dungeon? If she ended up imprisoned, not only was her fate sealed, but so were Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar’s. Her only option at this point was to make a run for it. Glancing around, not many people were about, and her hands were free. There were still the two guards to contend with, but she was on the ground floor, the exit in sight. Unfortunately, she was barefoot. When she had put on the white nightdress, she assumed she would be going to bed—not fleeing for her life.
Once she made it out of the castle, hiding on the grounds wouldn’t work because once a search was raised, she wouldn’t be able to get out undetected. The only chance she had was to make a run for it straight to the city. Rema wished she knew where the secret tunnel Darmik had used was—but she had been concealed in the food cart and had no idea where the entrance was located.
Now they were at the northern end of the courtyard. Through the exit ahead, she could reach the stables, not too far away. 
“Don’t,” one of the guards whispered, slipping his hand around her arm. “You’ll be killed on sight. And you can’t go to the city. He’ll start executing people until you’re handed over or found.”
Rema hesitated a moment, then her opportunity was gone. They entered another hallway and stopped before a black door with a red crown painted on it. One of the guards knocked three times. Metal clanked, and the door swung open.
“State your business,” a raspy voice demanded.
“Prisoner,” one of the guards answered.
The door screeched as it opened farther. Darkness awaited them. Goose bumps covered Rema’s skin, and she froze in panic, wondering what was through the darkness.
“Come on,” the guard holding her upper arm mumbled. 
Rema shook her head. Her stomach boiled and she gagged, about to vomit. 
“Sorry,” the second guard muttered, taking hold of her other arm. The guards pulled her inside. The door slammed shut, the bang echoing through the unknown. A fire appeared in front of her face, forcing her to squint.
“Pretty little thing. What she done?” the raspy voice asked. Her eyes adjusted to see a small, hunched man studying her with the light of a torch.
“Treason,” a guard replied.
“You and everyone else,” the hunched man said. “This way.” They went down a narrow corridor. “Be careful now. Watch your step.” The hunched man grunted and descended.
Rema stood at the top of a steep staircase. The smoke from the torch made her eyes sting, and the rough stone floor dug into her bare feet. 
“Down you go,” a guard said, gripping her elbow. 
It smelled musty, damp, and like body odor. The guards pulled her forward, following the light ahead of them. The only sounds were her escorts’ boots slapping against the floor and a faint dripping noise in the distance. Rema’s feet were cold and raw. The stone walls faded away and blackness surrounded them. When they caught up to the man with the torch, Rema realized that they were walking past cells with a slumped figure inside each one. She couldn’t tell if any of the people were alive or not. 
Rema froze, bile rising in the back of her throat. She was going to die in here.
“Come on,” a guard whispered, his soft voice echoing.
“No,” she cried. “I can’t!”
A rough, calloused hand grabbed her ankle, and she screamed, the sound bouncing off the walls like the cry of thousands instead of only one.
A guard swiveled and whacked a man reaching out of his cell. The prisoner released Rema’s ankle and his arm dashed away like a snake. 
“Walk in the center,” the guard ordered, “so none of the prisoners can touch you.” Rema grabbed one of the guard’s arms for safety and support.
The hunched man appeared in front of them, laughing. “I reckon many ain’t seen a young woman in an awful long time. Ah, well, we’ll put you in a different section. You should be safer there.”
The guards stared at each other, cheeks twitching and eyes blinking, like they were having a conversation without words.
“Don’t worry,” one said, whispering in her ear. “We’ll make sure you’re safe.”
“I can’t do this.” Shaking her head, Rema refused to go another inch into the never-ending black maze. It seemed like she was being swallowed by a colossal beast whose pit of a stomach she’d be stuck in forever. And the smell—fecal matter mixed with urine and vomit—hung heavy in the stale air.
The guards each took hold of her arms and carried her forward. 
“Be strong,” one whispered. “You can do this. Just don’t show any fear.” 
Rema knew she couldn’t give up so easily. Even if she couldn’t save herself, there had to be a way to save her aunt and uncle. Regaining some of her strength, she forced her legs to move forward. She walked on her own, holding her head high. Prince Lennek was the real scum, not her.
Rounding a corner, Rema’s right foot stepped in a thick, slimy substance. She slipped and both guards grabbed hold of her, keeping her upright.
“I’m fine,” she declared, not wanting to think about the warm goo coating the bottom of her foot. 
“Here.” One guard took her foot and wiped it off on his pants. “Don’t want you to slip again.” 
“Thank you.” He didn’t have to do that for her. “I appreciate your kindness.” 
Darkness surrounded them as the light the hunched man held moved further away. They hurried to catch up.  
After several twists and turns, the raspy voice said, “Here,” and pointed to a cell. He slid the torch into a sconce on the wall. Pulling a ring of keys from his belt, he flipped through them, humming a cheerful tune. Rema wanted to kick his leg—there was nothing to be happy about.
“Ah, here it is.” He took the key, inserted it into the lock, and pushed the door open. A loud screech echoed through the corridor, the door grating along the floor.
The hunched man grabbed the torch from the wall and entered the cell. As he waved the light around, Rema got a brief look at the small empty room: five-feet-by-five-feet, three walls of solid block stones, the last wall iron bars extending from the ground into the ceiling. 
“What ya waiting for? Get in here.”
The guards nudged her forward into the cell. The hunched man spun around and slammed the door shut, the lock clicking into place. Both guards towered above the small man, their faces grim.
“Enjoy your stay,” the raspy voice said.
“Wait!” Rema yelled. “You’re not leaving me alone, are you? I mean, my guards are staying, right?” Panic swelled in her chest, making it difficult to breathe. 
“Guards?” the hunched man laughed. “You’re in a dungeon. These here bars and walls are your guards!” He swept the torch from side to side. A rat scurried across the cell and Rema jumped, curling her toes.
“What am I supposed to do when I have to go to the privy?”
The man laughed. “When ya gotta go, pick a corner and use it. Just make sure that corner don’t slope toward the rest of your cell.” He moved away, taking the torch and her guards with him.
Her entire body shook uncontrollably. She couldn’t bloody see. Calm down, she told herself. Your eyes will adjust.
Except that they didn’t. 
Rema couldn’t even see her own hand in front of her face. Anyone could sneak up to her, and she would never know—until it was too late. She slid her feet back until she hit the wall, and then moved sideways until she was in a corner. Rema collapsed to the ground, pulling her knees to her chin, trying to make herself as small as possible. The odor of fecal matter permeated the air. Rema dug her nose into her dress, attempting to block the rancid smell.
Her breathing was loud, anyone would be able to hear and find her. She needed to calm her body down and control her breathing, slowing it to make it as soft and as quiet as possible.
It only got louder.
She put her dress around her feet in case the rat came back. Not that the dress would do much good against an animal with sharp teeth, but she felt safer without her toes exposed. 
The ground was damp. Moisture seeped into her dress, and her teeth started to chatter.
Rema had no idea how long she had been sitting in the dungeon. Time held no meaning in the darkness. 
A faint light appeared and then got stronger until Rema vaguely saw the corridor in front of her cell.
A prison guard lit a torch on the wall outside of her iron bars. He took a few more steps, and then lit another one. He glanced in her direction and mumbled, “Hope this helps.” He continued down the hallway lighting two more, and then disappearing.
The torches gave off enough light for Rema to see the inside of her cell.
She was safe. No one lurked in the shadows of the room. Still, she stayed in the corner. There was no way she could afford to let her mind focus on this dire situation, so she thought of Snow and her family. She needed to be strong for her aunt and uncle. If she were given the opportunity, she’d try to get word to them to run.  
The sound of something being dragged echoed off the stone walls. It was getting louder. Rema pressed her body into the corner, trying to make herself blend in with the wall. What was coming for her?
A man grunted, walking backwards, pulling something. He stopped and looked at Rema. She froze, hoping he’d continue by her. Instead, he glanced around, pulled out a key, and unlocked the door. He pushed it open and shoved a six-foot rectangular object into her room before he pulled the door shut, locked it, and sprinted away.
Then she smelled it—straw. It was a bed! She slid the mattress in the corner and sat down, inhaling the fresh smell of hay. It wasn’t as soft as the feather bed she’d been sleeping in, but it was exceedingly better than the stone floor.
Someone cleared his throat, and Rema peered across her cell to see blankets being shoved between the bars by her feet. Then, he, too, disappeared. The blankets were made from heavy wool—nice and warm. She placed one on top of the straw mattress, lied down, and wrapped the other one around her body.
Rema was certain that this was not normal, that prisoners in the dungeon weren’t usually treated with such kindness. So why were the prison guards being so nice to her? Were they acting on orders? Perhaps Darmik was trying to help her? 
The image of Darmik’s body against hers warmed her face. Rema still remembered the feel of his soft lips, the salty taste of his skin, his hands moving over her body. The feelings that Darmik stirred inside of her—an intense desire and need—she never knew existed. And Rema very much wanted to experience it again. She hadn’t felt this way about anyone before, ever. She loved Bren, but that was like a friend or a brother. The last thing she had ever expected was to fall in love with Darmik. But that look he gave her after Lennek stormed in, was like poison. Why? Because they had been caught?
The sound of footsteps grew louder. Ellie appeared before the cell, a guard standing next to her. The guard quickly unlocked and opened the door. 
Ellie entered carrying a tray of food. “Well,” she whispered with a smile, “at least the wedding’s off.”
Rema threw her arms around Ellie’s neck.
“Careful. It wasn’t easy getting this food all the way down here.”
“Hurry!” the guard whispered.
“I have to go, but I’ll be back as soon as I can.”
Rema released her. Ellie set the tray down on Rema’s bed, gave her a quick kiss on her cheek, and left.
Rema clutched onto the cell bars, watching Ellie disappear down the hallway. Going back to the straw mattress, she lifted the lid off the tray. There was warm soup, bread, and roasted vegetables. Rema’s mouth watered. Lifting the loaf of bread, Rema found her necklace. She quickly put it back around her neck, where it belonged. With the key resting against her chest, Rema felt a sense of hope. If all was lost, people wouldn’t be treating her so kindly. With hope, anything was possible. 
When she finished eating, she crawled under the blanket. The smell of straw reminded Rema of home—of being in the barn with Snow and talking to him like he was a person, not a horse. Since she didn’t have any friends, Snow got an earful. She remembered all those nights as a child when she couldn’t sleep. Rema used to sneak to the stables, into Snow’s stall, and curl up in a ball in the corner. Somehow being on the straw with Snow’s blanket wrapped around her always put Rema to sleep. 


Darmik
Storming out of Rema’s room, Darmik leaned against the wall, panting. His head pounded as he tried to process what had just happened. Rema was the rightful heir to the throne. Rema was Amer. Bloody hell—the answer had been right in front of him the entire time. But was she the mastermind behind the rebellion? 
From the hall, Darmik heard Lennek ordering the guards to take Rema to the dungeon. Darmik needed to move away from the door before they came out and found him standing here. If Rema was the leader of the rebels...no, he couldn’t think about that right now. Fire raged inside of him. Had she been using him this entire time? Darmik was going to hurt someone if he didn’t blow off some steam. He pushed away from the wall and sprinted to the army’s archery range. 
No one was about since it was getting late. Practice weapons lined the back wall. Grabbing a quiver, he filled it with arrows and put it on his back. Then Darmik found a decent bow. Picking one of the center lanes, he lined up, standing fifty feet from the target. After putting on his bracer, he grabbed an arrow and nocked it. Raising the bow, Darmik aimed, and then released the string. 
He missed the center of the target by a couple of inches. Darmik couldn’t remember the last time he missed. He pulled another arrow from the quiver, nocked it, and released. Again, he missed.
Then he imagined Rema standing at the end of his lane, laughing at him. He took another arrow and nocked it. This time he hit the target dead center. After all of his arrows were gone, he felt no better than when he first arrived. His mind couldn’t escape Rema and her betrayal. 
When he was kissing her, he wanted nothing more than to protect and love her. He had even been willing to defend her from his brother and Father. But when Darmik saw the tattoo and realized who she was, he felt betrayed and ashamed. How could he have been out maneuvered? He thought he knew and understood Rema, but he had been gravely mistaken. 
What he had once mistook for a feisty personality and tenaciousness, he now saw for what it was—arrogance and pride. His hands clenched into fists around the bow and his jaw locked. Darmik needed to control his hurt, anger, and rage. So he had fallen for her act, but at least he knew better now. And it would never happen again. 
He collected the arrows from the target. Rema most likely would be executed, ending the royal line for good. That made his job easier. He no longer had to find the mysterious heir, for here she was, right in front of him.  
Darmik spun and smashed his fist into the wall behind the target. Rema deserved what she got. 
But was it an insane coincidence that Lennek chose to marry Rema? Or was it an elaborate plot to regain the throne? The chances were too slim that it was all an accident, especially in conjunction with the rumors circulating. The plan must have been for her to catch Lennek’s attention, get him to marry her, and then she’d have the crown without bloodshed. It was genius, really. But if that was the plan, then what was all of that stuff between Rema and Darmik? A backup plan? Or did she really have feelings for him? Darmik didn’t know, nor did he care.
He wiped his bleeding knuckles on his pants and returned the equipment. Even though Rema was locked in the dungeon, there was still a lot to be done to maintain control over the kingdom and quash the remaining rebels. Darmik headed toward the command wing. But why was Rema still playing the part? Why didn’t she come out and reveal her true identity? Perhaps she thought being Rema, an ordinary merchant girl, would garner her more sympathy, and she could avoid being executed. She had to be frightened knowing death awaited her. Darmik shook his head.
“Prince Darmik.” Arnek slid from the shadows. Darmik had always hated this steward and his high-pitched annoying voice. “King Barjon requests your presence. Now.”
Darmik moved past Arnek.
“He said if you don’t come immediately, he’ll send the army for you.”
Laughing, Darmik spun around. “I am the army.” Arnek opened his mouth to say something, but Darmik silenced him with a glare. “Tell my father I’m on my way.” 
The king presumably wanted to know what part Darmik played in this mess. Lennek probably went to Father and cried about Darmik ruining his plans. Little did Lennek know how deadly the marriage would’ve been.
Darmik went to the king’s study, where he found him standing before a portrait of himself, a small fire glowing in the hearth.
“You had to do it, didn’t you?” the king said as he clasped his hands behind his back, absorbed with the painting. “Lennek deserves happiness. But you had to go and steal his future wife from him.” King Barjon twisted around to face Darmik. “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?” The king cracked his knuckles. Shaking his head in disgust, he continued, “No, of course you don’t. You have never understood how to be a part of this family. All you care about is yourself. You never think of others.” 
Darmik bit the inside of his cheek to keep from speaking. How could his father accuse him of such a thing? All Darmik ever cared about was this family’s honor and protecting it. Why else would he go around killing for the king, sacrificing his own wants and desires? 
The king moved to his desk, his hand hovering above a whip. Darmik knew there was no point defending himself. After everything he’d done for his father, the king still didn’t appreciate any of it. Nor did he understand his son.
“Obviously we can’t have people finding out that you betrayed your own family. After all, you’re still commander of my army.”
Darmik needed to get out of this room, out of the castle, and away from King’s City. Clearing his throat, he said, “I’m sorry you perceive the situation in such a manner. Your orders, Your Majesty?” 
Instead of dismissing him as he’d hoped, the king continued, “We’ll keep your behavior quiet. I don’t want anyone to know what took place today.” The king moved to the window, away from the whip and Darmik. “Lennek, of course, wants you reprimanded, and he wants Rema publically executed.”
Darmik shook his head. His brother was a piece of work.
“I can’t publically whip my own son. I need my army strong right now, and I want you out there leading it.” He spun around to face Darmik. “So I’ve reached an arrangement with your brother. Frankly, I’m glad the whore is going to be executed. I never understood Lennek’s obsession with her. We can find a docile commoner, one that’s easier to control. As for you, you’ll be whipped privately. Then you’ll return to the army where you will remain. Understood?”
“Yes, Father,” Darmik replied. “Can I leave tomorrow?”
The king sat on a high-backed leather chair and sighed. “No, I can’t have you rushing off just yet. I need you to stay here until after the execution. That way we can appear unified, and you can make sure the riots in other regions don’t spill into the city walls.”
“Of course, Your Majesty.” Darmik didn’t care about being whipped, it had happened often enough in the past. Eye on the prize—he was leaving soon.
“The governors are all complaining about the increasing violence of the rebels. These churls are claiming that an heir is alive. Ridiculous. You’ll need to take care of these insolent fools.”
Which is what Darmik had been trying to do all along, and he would be doing right now if he wasn’t here to appease Lennek. “Father, who told you the royal family didn’t tattoo their children until their first birthday?”
“Does it matter?” the king asked. “It was a reliable source. Besides, I’ve shown you all my evidence.” 
“Yes, but I’m curious. And I want to verify everything. Just in case.”
“Obviously the rumors aren’t true.” The king stood and put his cape on. “But if you must know, it was that crazy old man, Trell. He’s the only other person that even knows about the tattoos.”
It felt like someone had thrown a bucket of water on him. Trell?
The door banged open, and Lennek rushed in. He unhooked his cape and threw it over the chair. “You,” he pointed at Darmik. 
“Calm down and stop being so melodramatic,” the king ordered.
“But Father,” Lennek began.
The king raised his hand. “The whip is on my desk.  Darmik gets ten lashings here in my study. No one is to know.”
Lennek’s greedy eyes narrowed as they settled on the coiled whip.
Of course Lennek was going to be the one to whip him. That would definitely make him happy.
“Darmik,” the king said. “You’ll receive your punishment for your actions and then help prepare for the execution. After that, you are to leave. I don’t want to see you back here anytime soon.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.” Darmik felt like a dog. He was useful at commanding the army but that was it. Otherwise, he was a nail in his father’s boot. King Barjon gave Lennek a measured stare, and then walked from the room.
Even in charge of the army, Darmik was still at the mercy of the king. The king sentenced and executed civilians without so much as lifting a finger or understanding the consequences, and Darmik was the one to carry it out. He was sick of killing their own people. No wonder everyone was rebelling, clinging to the idea of an heir. Anything was better than this monster of a man. King Barjon had made it easy for Rema, or Amer, to slip right in. He was practically handing the kingdom over to her. Once she was executed and the rebel leaders caught, the movement would die down. But then what?
The crack of the whip sliced through the air along with Lennek’s laugh.
“Over here, brother. Remove your tunic and undershirt. Then rest your hands on the desk.” Lennek ran his fingers over the leather whip, a malicious gleam to his eyes.
Darmik did as instructed, his anger scarcely under control. He arched his bare back, covered with scars, ready for the first lashing. 
“Does it make you feel better?” Darmik asked. “Beating up on your younger brother? What would Mother say if she were still alive today?”
There was a hissing noise and then the whip hit dead center on Darmik’s back, tearing his skin. 
“One,” Lennek yelled. He lifted his arm, inhaled, and slammed the whip down again. “Two!” The hatred in Lennek’s voice oozed. 
Darmik prepared for the third lashing. He refused to scream as the whip came down again, and again, tearing his skin to shreds. He clutched onto the edge of the desk, digging his nails into the wood.
By the eighth lashing, his voice came out in a low grunt. Blood slid down the sides of his back and dripped onto the floor. With the tenth hit, Darmik’s legs buckled. He forced himself to stand back up. 
Lennek kicked Darmik’s tunic toward him. “Get dressed,” he sneered. “I think I’ll keep this.” Lennek held up the whip, now dripping with blood. “Maybe I can use it around Rema’s neck. I can’t wait to see her body dangle.” He spat at Darmik’s feet and left the room.
Darmik’s head spun. He needed to sit down and have his wounds dressed. Since no one was to know about the whipping, he’d have to make it to the military compound alone, and then find Neco. He grabbed the water pitcher and drank. His vision swam. Darmik needed to get moving and stop the bleeding before he passed out.
Throwing on his shirt, the fabric stuck to his back. He stumbled out of the room and headed toward the compound.
He couldn’t imagine Rema treating anyone, not even her enemy, in such a vulgar manner. Visions of her giving children food flashed before him. Would she make a better leader? Probably. Did that give her the right to rule? 
Darmik remembered seeing the little girl starving, holding her dead mother’s hand. He recalled his promise to Trell not to kill any more people. He remembered Trell tapping his chest, telling Darmik that the answer lies within. Darmik thought of the image of Rema standing before the window with the key strung on a necklace lying against her chest.
The answer lies within.
Darmik stumbled and fell against Neco’s door. 


Rema
When Rema woke up, she had no idea if it was day or night. A man stood on the other side of her cell bars holding a torch. Instead of palace livery, he wore the King’s Army uniform. A sword was strapped to his waist. 
“Good morning,” he said, bowing slightly. 
Rema sat up, rubbing her eyes. 
“You’ve been scheduled for sentencing.” His deep, throaty voice echoed off the walls.
“What does that mean?” Rema asked, pulling the wool blanket tight around her shoulders. 
His lips formed a straight line, his face grim. “Since you’re being held for treason, you’ll appear before King Barjon, Prince Lennek, Commander Darmik, and a group of high-ranking nobles. They’ll hear the evidence and then sentence you.”
She was going to be hanged. Bile rose in the back of her throat, and her eyes stung with tears. Her only hope was that Prince Lennek would leave her Aunt Maya and Uncle Kar alone. Rema prayed Lennek would be satisfied with her execution and forget all about them.    
“Will I get a chance to speak? To defend myself?” she asked.
“No.” 
It really didn’t matter anyway. The trial was just a show to give the illusion of fairness.
The soldier unlocked the door and pushed it open. 
Rema stood. Her white dress was spotted with dungeon filth and wrinkled from sleeping in it. Her hair was knotted, sticking out in all directions. 
“Is there any way I can change into something else?” She did not want to plead for her life dressed as a beggar. 
The soldier shifted his body weight and bit his bottom lip. She knew the answer was no. “Fine, let’s just get this over with,” she said, exiting her cell.
He had manacles hooked on his belt, but he didn’t move to put them on her. She saw two dungeon guards waiting a little ways down the hall. They also held torches, their shadows bouncing off the walls. Rema followed the guards, the soldier directly behind her. His sword clinked against the manacles while he walked.  
Traveling through the maze of hallways with more light this time, Rema caught glimpses of the other cells. Most were similar to hers. A voice screamed in the distance—a tortured soul shouting out in pain. Rema refused to think about it being Uncle Kar. If Lennek planed on torturing Kar, he would do it in front of her, making her watch. Rema didn’t realize she was crying until teardrops trickled down her cheeks. She wiped them away, her hands shaking. 
They started climbing stone stairs. “Careful now,” one of the dungeon guards said. “Don’t bang your knees.”  
When they finally reached the top, the hunched man stood dangling his key ring. He unlatched the heavy metal door and opened it up. Light poured into the hall. Rema raised her hands, shielding her eyes. The soldier took Rema’s arm, leading her past the dungeon guards and onto the main level of the castle. Two castle guards stood, waiting for them. 
“Use the servants’ corridors,” the soldier instructed the guards. Then to Rema, he mumbled, “It’s not as bright, less windows.”
She nodded, her hand still covering her eyes. 
The guards led Rema through the hallways, and her eyes gradually adjusted.
When they turned into a deserted corridor, the soldier said, “There will be a detour.” One of the guards looked back with raised eyebrows. “We need to stop at the servants’ quarters.” The guard nodded, and they turned down another hallway. 
After several twists and turns, the two guards stopped before a door, stepping to either side of it. The soldier entered, pulling Rema in behind him. The room was empty. Beds lined each wall all covered with brown, linen sheets. This must be the servants’ quarters. Rema wondered why this soldier had brought her here.
The door latched shut behind her. Rema turned and saw that the guards had remained outside in the hall. As the soldier walked past her, she flinched. He moved to the beds where he knelt down, searching under them. Rema scanned the room, looking for something she could use as a weapon.
“Here you go,” he said, standing. The soldier held up a dark brown, long-sleeved, floor-length dress. Rema owned one very similar to it—a good, sturdy market dress. Rema felt ashamed for having feared he would hurt her.
“Won’t the owner mind?” Rema asked, taking the dress from him.
“No,” he replied. “She’ll be happy to know she helped.”
“What’s your name?” Rema asked. 
The soldier stared at her. She didn’t think he was going to answer when he surprised her by saying, “Greger.”
He turned his back and Rema quickly changed, thankful she didn’t have to wear her filthy nightdress in front of the court. The dress was a little short, but Rema didn’t mind. She felt comfortable, more like herself—a horse merchant’s niece. Greger also found boots and stockings under another bed. She pulled her hair back and braided the knotty mess.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
“As much as I can be,” Rema replied. “And thank you. Your kindness is appreciated.” She had no idea why he was helping her. After all, she was nobody and could never repay him for his generosity. 
Greger didn’t meet her eyes. Instead, he looked somewhere behind her. He sighed and said, “When you go before the court,” there was an urgency to his voice, “hold your head high. Always remember who you are.”
Rema knew she was capable of maintaining her composure. She wasn’t going to get a fair trial anyway, so she might as well go out with her dignity still intact. She wouldn’t allow Lennek to break her or see her suffer.
The soldier’s hand slipped around Rema’s arm. He led her back out into the hallway where the two guards stood, waiting. They all continued to the other side of the castle. They stopped before two massive doors carved with a crown.
“I’m sorry about this,” Greger whispered. He delicately took Rema’s hands and locked the manacles on her wrists. 
Rema inhaled a large breath and slowly let it out, trying to remain calm. Whatever happened to her didn’t matter, as long as she protected her aunt and uncle. And Rema would sacrifice herself for them if she needed to.
The guards opened the doors and Greger, with one hand on the hilt of his sword and the other on Rema, entered. The room was packed with people standing close together. The only empty space was the walkway dead center in the room, going from the doors straight to the dais where the royal family sat. King Barjon was in a large, high-backed chair. He wore his crown and royal cape, looking very much the part. Prince Lennek and Prince Darmik sat beside the king, their chairs smaller and lower than his. The brothers wore their crowns and royal robes as well. 
This was the first time Rema had ever seen Darmik wearing a crown. It appeared to have flames etched in the gold, with sapphires gleaming at the point of the flames. The crown matched his tattoos.
Off the dais, but in front of the crowd, were two benches with about a dozen people sitting on them. These had to be the high-ranking nobles. The rest of the room was standing room only for all the courtiers and wealthy landowners. The room was loud with everyone talking at once. 
A lady near Rema exclaimed, “She’s here!”
A hush settled throughout the room as everyone turned to stare.
Remembering what Greger had said, Rema squared her shoulders, held her head high, and proudly walked down the center of the room. She refused to be intimidated by the power and wealth of everyone. About twenty feet away from the king, a soldier standing near the front of the room ordered them to stop. Greger’s hand tightened, and she stood with him in the middle of the room. 
Rema refused to make eye contact with the people near her, not wanting to see their looks of disgust at her appearance. She pretended as if none of them existed and focused on the dais instead. The corners of Lennek’s mouth were twitching, like he was trying not to smirk. There was also a spark to his eyes, as if he enjoyed seeing her hands bound, standing before him on trial. 
Darmik, on the other hand, looked furious. Why didn’t he stand up for her? He had the power to help her, didn’t he? Darmik sat slightly forward, his eyes dark, narrowing at the sight of her. That’s when she realized he was upset with her. What had she done to make him look at her with such hatred? Her eyes began to tear up, so she glanced at the king.  
King Barjon, as usual, seemed bored. His fingers casually strummed the arm of the chair. His attention was on nothing in particular until he noticed her watching him. Then his eyes raked over her body, and he shook his head in revulsion. Rema forced her attention to the fabric hanging on the wall behind him. She would not cry in front of these people.
“Rema,” the king’s steward bellowed. “You are hereby charged with treason for plotting against the crown.” A soft murmur rippled around the room. People turned to one another and Rema caught words like “treason” and “shocking” being whispered. 
The king raised his hand and everyone quieted down, their focus back on the dais. The steward continued, “How do you plead?”
Rema felt heat prickle throughout her body. This was it—her trial. Everyone was staring at her, waiting for her answer. Prince Lennek smiled, probably already picturing her execution. Then Rema remembered that this man was responsible for everything—Bren’s murder, threatening her aunt and uncle, and bringing her here. It was his fault, and yet, there he sat as content as he could be with no consequences for his actions.
She must have taken a step forward because Greger squeezed her arm. 
The steward cleared his throat. “Your plea,” he demanded.
“Not guilty,” Rema answered in a loud, clear voice, surprising herself. The steward was about to speak when she said, “Is this a joke?” with as much venom as she could muster. 
A flicker of anger flashed across the king’s face so fast that Rema almost missed it. He nodded to Greger, who hit the back of her legs with the flat blade of his sword. Rema yelped, falling to her knees. The crowd murmured, but Rema refused to look at anyone. She didn’t want to see them enjoying her pain. 
“Stay down,” Greger whispered.
Prince Lennek stood. Silence fell throughout the room. 
The steward announced, “The evidence will now be presented.” 
Lennek walked to the edge of the dais, his boots tapping on the marble. He covered his face for a moment with his hand, and then adjusted his crown atop his head. Clearing his throat, he said, “I loved Rema and wanted to marry her.” He made eye contact with the crowd, as if pleading his case to everyone personally. “I thought she would make a good queen. I had no idea she was using me to get the crown. And look how close she got.” Lennek pointed at Rema.
He was a very good actor. It actually sounded like he was in pain. 
Wiping his eyes, he continued, “I found her...with another man.” He contorted his face like he had been kicked by a horse.
“Liar!” Rema seethed, but no one heard her because the crowd had erupted, everyone talking at once. 
People said things like, “How can that be?” and “The poor prince!” and even, “This is terrible.” Did Lennek really have all these people fooled? The prince went back to his seat.  
Still on her knees, Rema risked a glance at the people around her. There was a man to her right who said, “Long live the king,” but when he saw Rema watching him, he gave her a small smile and a nod of encouragement. What was going on?
Darmik lifted his hand. Everyone stopped talking and focused their attention on him. Darmik’s eyes scanned the room, but he had that blank expression Rema hated. “All that Prince Lennek says is true. I was there.” His voice echoed throughout the room. It felt like someone had kicked Rema in the stomach, and she couldn’t get enough air to breathe.
While the king and Lennek watched Rema, Darmik’s focus was on the people. Leaning forward in his chair, he scanned the crowd again, looking for something. 
Rema glanced at the people around her. No one spoke a word. The couple to her left was staring at one another, the lady’s eyebrows bent inward. Her husband shook his head slightly.
Darmik continued, “She is after the crown and will do anything to obtain it. Rema has misled this family, and she needs to be punished for her actions.”
Rema’s heart ached and tears filled her eyes. Darmik’s betrayal hurt more than she thought possible. She had assumed Darmik hated Lennek’s games and cruelty. How mistaken she was about him. He wasn’t the man she thought he was. 
King Barjon spoke for the first time. “How do the nobles find her?” Although his face was blank, revealing no emotion, Rema could tell he found all this amusing by the tone of his voice and the gleam in his eyes.
There was some talking amongst the people on the benches. Then the man on the end stood. “Your Majesty, we side with Prince Lennek. She is guilty.”
“Prince Darmik?” the king asked.
“Guilty,” he answered. The word echoed in the room, the weight of it pressing on Rema. 
This was absurd. This could not be happening. Rema brought her bound hands to her mouth, suppressing a cry. Darmik must not have ever loved her. What kind of sick game were the brothers playing?
“Prince Lennek?” King Barjon asked.
“I too, find Rema guilty.” 
She felt everyone’s wide eyes staring down at her. They whispered to one another, but Rema couldn’t make out individual words. Her legs were going numb and her hands were tingly, like she was about to pass out. 
Greger pulled Rema to her feet. “Remember,” he whispered, “hold your head high.” Rema’s thoughts drifted to Bren, Aunt Maya, and Uncle Kar. How could she be found guilty when Lennek was the one destroying people’s lives for his own enjoyment?
Rema’s face burned, rage building inside of her. She wanted to strangle Prince Lennek—wanted to watch the life drain out of this vengeful, hateful man who didn’t deserve to live, let alone rule a kingdom. 
“Since Prince Lennek has suffered,” the king announced, “he will hand down Rema’s punishment.”
Lennek stood once again. He paced the dais back and forth, appearing deep in thought. His cape trailed behind him, and everyone leaned forward, awaiting his decision. “Treason warrants death,” Prince Lennek finally said. He stopped walking and faced the crowd. “The law is the law. I hereby order Rema’s execution.”
The room exploded with gasps of astonishment. Rema’s head swam. Executed? For kissing Darmik? Even though she had known it would come to this, hearing it said aloud solidified it. She was going to die. 
“You monster!” Rema screamed at Lennek. Everyone stopped talking and focused on Rema. “You killed Bren, threatened my family, forced me to come here and accept your proposal. I’ve always hated you, and now you punish me for not loving you?”
“Get this trash out of here!” Prince Lennek yelled. King Barjon placed his hand on Lennek’s arm. Darmik looked confused. At least that was something. 
Greger slipped his hand gently under Rema’s elbow. “Let’s go.”
“You’re the murderer—the one who deserves to die!” Rema screamed, having nothing to lose. Then she spun and glided out of the room with Greger trailing behind her. By the time she reached the end of the aisle, her heart slammed in her chest and her body shook. Breathing became difficult. 
The guards led her back through a series of hallways. When they turned the corner before the entrance to the dungeon, they ran into Prince Lennek. He stood in the middle of the corridor, blocking their way. Greger’s hand tightened around her arm. 
“I’m not having you executed because you don’t love me,” Prince Lennek said, seething with anger. The royal tattoos covering his neck were tinged red, making the knife-like markings appear like they had a hint of blood on them. He crossed his arms and growled. “That’s irrelevant. I’m having you killed to prove to Darmik that I always win.” He chuckled. “I don’t want you to think that you’ve hurt me in any way. I don’t care about you at all. Actually, it will be fun watching your body dangle.” He spun and strolled away, his cape flowing behind him. 
Rema imagined riding Snow over Lennek’s body until his bones broke and his blood pooled around him.
“Please tell me I’m not going to be executed right now.” Rema grabbed Greger’s hand and begged.
“No,” he replied. “You have a couple of days. A new structure has to be built. Notices have to be posted. There’s no point in killing you if no one’s there to witness it.”
A couple of days. She only had a couple of days to save her aunt and uncle. She had no idea how to get a message to them. 
“I need a favor,” she whispered. “My aunt and uncle.” 
“Shh.” He placed his hand on top of hers and squeezed. When the guard banged on the door to the dungeon, Greger replied, “Later. Don’t say anything now.” 
****
Greger stood with Ellie outside of Rema’s cell. “Two minutes,” he said in a low voice, unlocking the door. Ellie slipped something into his hand, and he discreetly put it in his pocket.
Ellie entered and handed Rema a tray of food. “Word was sent to Maya and Kar the day you were arrested. I already took care of it,” Ellie said, talking fast. 
“How?” Rema asked. “What did you tell them?”
“I can’t tell you how. But I told them everything. I figured the outcome wouldn’t be good. I made sure they understood their lives are in jeopardy. I don’t want you worrying about them.”
Easier said than done. “Thank you.” Rema set the tray down and hugged Ellie.
“There’s something I need to tell you, and I haven’t got much time.” Ellie’s eyes were wide, and she fidgeted with her hands. Rema pulled her down to the straw mattress.
“What is it?” Rema asked, hoping Ellie didn’t get in trouble for sneaking her food.
“It’s about your necklace,” Ellie whispered. 
Rema felt the key safe against her chest. “Go on.”
“I started to ask around to see if anyone knew about a man named Mako. Most people had no idea what I was talking about. But there was one, an older man that once knew of a great person by that name. He said Mako was a great warrior and Commander of the old king’s army.”
“The old king?” Rema had no idea what any of this had to do with her.
“The one that was overthrown.” Ellie bit her lip.
“Is Mako still alive?” Rema asked.
“Nobody knows. But that’s not all of it. Since Mako’s name was written backwards, I went ahead and took your—”
“Time’s up,” Greger said. “They’re patrolling this hallway.” He waved Ellie over.
She jumped up, the sound of footsteps getting louder. Ellie slipped out of the cell, Greger shut and locked it, then they sprinted down the hallway in the opposite direction of the noise.
 


Darmik
The soldier escorted Rema out of the Throne Room with her head held high as she glided down the aisle, like a princess. Lennek jumped out of his chair and flew out the back entrance, his face murderous.
“Ah, that boy,” King Barjon mumbled. “He needs not to take things so personally. I wish he would just leave that whore alone.” The king stood.
Everyone was talking with their hands in front of their mouths. Darmik knew the nobles were gossiping about the verdict. The people at court always appeared to worship the ground King Barjon and Prince Lennek walked on. This was the first time Darmik had seen them trying to hide their hostility toward the royal family. If the wealthy families joined with the rebels, Darmik would have a serious problem on his hands. 
Standing, Darmik followed his father down the center aisle and out of the room. There was a lot of work to do. The trial had taken up most of Darmik’s morning. He needed to get to his office to meet with his advisors. Going down a corridor, he entered the tunnels and made it to the military compound unnoticed.  
Watching Rema today was difficult. She looked similar to the first time he had seen her—plain clothes that only enhanced her natural beauty, and there was an aura of fierce determination to her. But there was also that ugly black bruise on her cheek. Either Lennek or one of the dungeon guards must’ve hit her. Darmik felt an intense desire to protect her, but he needed to shove that feeling aside. 
Rema...Amer. How did he not see it before? He considered himself an intelligent man. Darmik should have noticed Rema was Amer spelled backwards. Another clue was her identification band. The leather strap indicated her name was Tabitha. When she had told him she went by the nickname Rema, he should have known something was wrong.
When he checked the kingdom’s birth records last night for people born seventeen years ago with the name Tabitha, the only one he came across was Commander Mako’s baby daughter. Rema must have been smuggled out of the castle and given the false identity to use. So did Commander Mako escape as well? And if so, where was he? There had been no trace of him since the invasion, and he had been presumed dead.
Darmik did not understand Rema. The way she acted today at the trial made her appear innocent. Was she really that good of an actress? Because she had to know her true identity. She couldn’t possibly be innocent of everything—a pawn in a political game she didn’t even know she was playing. Darmik couldn’t afford to be pulled back in to another one of her deceptions. But, what if...no, he couldn’t entertain such thoughts. 
Entering the military compound, Darmik went straight to Neco’s quarters. He found his friend sitting at a small desk, studying a map of Telan. Darmik sat on the bed, glad Neco was itching to leave King’s City.
“You still believe the rebel base camp is somewhere near the Middle Mountains?” Neco asked. 
“I do, but I don’t want that information disclosed. I’m going undercover.”
Neco smiled. “I’m listening.”
“I’m going to infiltrate the rebel’s base camp and discover their plans.”
Neco snorted. “And here I thought you had a real plan.”
“I do.”
“What about the riots?”
“I’m putting Captain Phellek in charge of them. I intend to use Rema as bait. She’s going to lead me straight to the heart of the rebel’s operation.”
“You do know she’s been sentenced for execution.”
“Of course.”
“Prince Lennek has already ordered a crew of men to build the gallows for her hanging.” Neco put the map down and focused on Darmik. “The prince wants a large crowd to witness the execution. Besides, what does Rema have to do with the rebels?”
Neco was fishing for information. Ever since their ride to the forest with Rema, Neco suspected something was going on between them, although he would never come out and directly ask. They might be friends, but rank always came first.
Darmik wasn’t ready to reveal Rema’s true identity. Since Rema was the leader of the rebels, once news that she was scheduled for execution spread, a rescue attempt would be planned. The tricky part would be allowing the rebels to rescue her without it appearing like Darmik was letting them do so. Then all he had to do was follow them.
Neco leaned back in his chair. “People in the city are getting all riled up,” he said. “Word is spreading quickly. If people are behaving badly here, I can only imagine how the rest of the kingdom is responding.”
“King’s City is rioting?” Darmik asked. He had never seen riots in this city before.
Neco replied, “Not officially, but there are people out on the streets. Some are even making speeches.”
“But the rumors haven’t spread here. So why are people upset?” King’s City was used to dealing with Lennek and his cruelty. Why was it any different now?
“The people love Rema because she’s one of them. She was a promise for a better life.”
Interesting, Darmik thought, since that was exactly what Lennek and the king had wanted. 
“They’re mad at Prince Lennek,” Neco continued. “They think he got bored with her or decided that she wasn’t good enough, so he’s falsely accused her.” Neco raised his eyebrows, giving Darmik the opportunity to talk if he wanted to—which he didn’t, and Neco was too intuitive, notice more than Darmik intended. 
“Our security detail will have to be two-fold,” Darmik declared. He needed to focus on his job and commanding the army—not talking with a friend. “We’ll need to prepare for a rioting crowd, and a possible rescue attempt.”
“A rescue attempt?” Neco asked. “That would be a suicide mission.”
“You can guarantee it.”
****
Lennek was waiting for Darmik in his bedchamber, sprawled out on the settee like he didn’t have a care in the world. Darmik was exhausted and not in the mood to deal with Lennek at the moment. His entire life had been one battle after another with his brother. They were constantly at odds, and Darmik was tired of defending someone unworthy to rule. He couldn’t believe he acknowledged the treasonous thought. But Darmik’s duty was to the people, and if he was going to protect the kingdom from destroying itself, he had to discover Rema’s true intentions. Did she plan to take back the kingdom? And if so, did she have a right to do so? Would she make a better ruler? Would she help and protect the people of Greenwood Island instead of taxing and starving them?
“You look like death,” Lennek said. There was an open bottle and a pewter mug next to it on the side table. The room smelled of strong ale.
“Thanks, brother. I’ve been out doing surveillance, planning security for the execution.”
Darmik had spent the afternoon with his private guard riding throughout the land surrounding King’s City. If a rescue attempt was planned, Darmik would have to be one step ahead of the rebels. He scouted out areas where men would likely camp and enter the city. Darmik planned several of his own rescue attempts in order to determine various strategies and how best to deal with each one. But the key was not to scare the rescuers off or lose them. The goal was to capture and arrest as many of the rebels as possible. Darmik’s security detail needed to appear loose and relaxed, when in fact, he would have an entire company hiding in the surrounding land just waiting to pounce. And in the middle of the chaos, Rema needed to escape, and Darmik had to be able to track her, right to the rebel’s base camp.
Lennek laughed. “We won’t need additional security. She’s just some horse merchant’s niece. No one cares about her.”
Darmik sat on a chair and pulled off his muddy riding boots. Leaning forward, he stretched his back that was still recovering. One of the wounds tore open. He gritted his teeth, not wanting Lennek to see him in pain. “Have you been out of the castle?” Darmik asked.
Lennek looked at him with disgust. “Of course not. Why would I do such a thing?” He emptied the bottle in his mug. 
How long had his brother been sitting here waiting for him? And why?
“Then you’d know your subjects are furious with you,” Darmik replied. Lennek turned a shade whiter, and Darmik couldn’t help but inwardly smile.
“Tell me,” Lennek said leaning back, “did you go after Rema to get to me? Because it didn’t work.”
“Actually, she went after me.” A flash of anger flew across Lennek’s face, and then his amused look returned. He was very good at masking his emotions when he wanted to.
“If you got a little now and then, you wouldn’t have been so easily fooled,” Lennek laughed.
Darmik wanted to punch the smirk off Lennek’s face. 
He took another sip of ale. “Did you and she ever—?”
“No,” Darmik said.
“Huh,” Lennek grinned. “Be glad you didn’t waste your time. She wasn’t very good.” He finished his drink and slammed the mug down on the table. They sat staring at one another until Darmik finally looked away. He felt the blood from his wound soaking through his tunic. 
Rema had slept with Lennek? If Rema was playing the part, she very well could have slept with his brother. But if Lennek was just trying to get a rise out of Darmik, then perhaps she was innocent. There was something behind Lennek’s eyes that made Darmik realize Lennek might be lying. Not that it mattered, but the thought of Lennek’s hands on Rema, and that she had willingly gave herself to him, made Darmik angrier than he ever thought possible. But that’s probably what Lennek wanted to see, so Darmik forced his emotions under control.
Still, one minute he wanted to yell at Rema, and the next he wanted to kiss her. He could feel her betrayal just as easily as her soft lips against his. He had never loved someone and hated them at the same time. She was driving him insane, and he had to figure out her involvement in this mess.
****
“Commander,” Neco knocked outside Darmik’s office. 
“Yes?” Darmik answered.
“It’s almost noon. Your horse is ready.”
The time Rema was scheduled to die. One way or the other, Rema would cease to exist today. Once rescued, she would assume her true identity as Amer. But what if the rebels didn’t come for her? What if she didn’t know her real identity? Could Darmik allow, and watch, Rema die? No, he was confident she would be rescued.
Darmik stood, strapped his sword to his waist, and put on his cape.
Yesterday Darmik had moved his men into position. He stationed two platoons outside the city walls. They were then broken down into their units, each responsible for a different area. There were men disguised as field workers and others were camouflaged and hidden in the woods. 
A large portion of the Second Company roamed the streets of King’s City. Darmik wanted them to act as his eyes and ears. If there were people in the city spreading the rumors and garnering sympathy for their cause or enlisting help for a rescue attempt, Darmik wanted to know. In addition, ever since Rema’s sentencing, there had been a shift in the atmosphere of the city. The hostility that Darmik had felt in other towns for the past year was now present in King’s City. He didn’t need the city rioting because it could escalate to an all-out civil war. And the last thing Darmik wanted was a war against his own people. He had promised Trell there would be no more unnecessary killing, and Darmik intended to honor that promise.
“All right, let’s get this over with,” Darmik said.
Hopefully, in the chaos of the recuse attempt, Darmik would be able to follow Rema and no one would know—especially the king and Lennek. Neco was responsible for capturing the rebels and leading the interrogations afterwards.
Darmik and Neco walked to the front of the military compound where their horses stood, waiting. The rest of Darmik’s personal squad was mounted. Nightsky pranced in place, uneasy. Darmik patted the stallion’s nose, talking in a soothing voice. He mounted, raised his hand, and they were off.
Up ahead, the castle gates were open and the street was packed with civilians pouring into the castle’s courtyard. People parted as Darmik and his guard rode through. The mood was quiet and somber. Darmik had been to enough executions to know that either people would behave this way, or they would be violent and take their anger out on the soldiers present. Darmik hoped everyone remained quiet like this. An angry mob was never easy to control, and he had enough going on that he didn’t need to deal with a crowd on top of it all.
The courtyard was divided into different sections. Three on the left were reserved for the general population, one on the right for the castle workers, and the shaded section in the front was for the nobles and courtiers. The balcony above was prepared for the king and prince—although neither was present yet. Soldiers filtered everyone into their sections, keeping the aisle and the area in front of the gallows clear.  
Darmik led his squad to the area off to the side. The spot gave him a clear view of the balcony, gallows, and the exit gates. He could also easily enter the tunnel hidden thirty feet behind and to the left of their position.
Five soldiers stood in front of the gallows, one holding a drum. Darmik nodded to him, and the soldier began tapping, the steady beat echoing throughout the courtyard. 
King Barjon and Prince Lennek walked out onto the balcony. Lennek gave the hand signal to a soldier below, and the soldier pulled open a door on the side of the castle. Rema was brought outside still wearing the brown dress Darmik had last seen her in, the welt on her face covered by dirt. She squinted as she was led toward the gallows, her hands bound behind her.
Darmik remembered seeing Rema run across the field at the governor’s home in Jarko. She had been wearing a brown dress, and her hair danced in the wind. He had thought she was beautiful and wild. That’s when Nightsky ate from her hand. If only they could go back to that moment in time and erase everything that had happened since then. 
Rema flinched with each beat of the drum. Darmik wondered if she didn’t know about the rescue attempt because the fierce determination she usually exuded was gone. For once, she looked like a terrified girl with no hint of royalty to her.
Clutching Nightsky’s reins, Darmik scanned the surrounding walls. Nothing. 
The beat of the drums continued to echo throughout the courtyard. Darmik’s heart began to race. There was no sign of a rescue. His hands fumbled with Nightsky’s reins. 
The soldiers dragged Rema up the stairs and onto the platform. Her entire body was violently shaking, and she looked ready to collapse.
She stood next to the noose, shaking her head. This was it, then.
Where was the rescue attempt? Darmik didn’t think he had the strength to watch her die if he was wrong.


Rema
Lying on the straw mattress in the dungeon, Rema couldn’t help but think about her imminent death. She always assumed she would die from old age or being thrown from a horse. 
She never thought she would be executed. 
It was all her fault. If she had just been normal with brown hair and brown eyes like everyone else, she never would have attracted Lennek’s attention in the first place, and none of this would have happened. She would still be back home, on the horse farm, with her aunt and uncle. Bren would still be alive. She’d be with Snow. And her river. And her heart wouldn’t be broken. 
This royal family had taken everything from her. 
And now they were going to take her life.
Rema’s biggest regret was the way things ended with Darmik. She had thought she found love, but now it seemed like it was all a sick game between the brothers. If only Darmik had spoken to her one last time, so she could understand. Did he ever love her?
And she would never see Aunt Maya or Uncle Kar again. She prayed they were safe. That Ellie’s letter reached them in time. At least her death would guarantee their freedom. That was one good thing about dying. 
Rema sat up on the straw mattress and wrapped the blanket tight around her shoulders. Facing death, knowing it was coming, had to be worse than the actual act. At least, that’s what she told herself. 
Wiping the tears away did no good, for more came. Clutching the key around her neck, Rema wished she could kiss her aunt and uncle one last time. How could Lennek treat life like it didn’t mean anything? Did he have no heart at all? Rema blew her nose in the blanket.
Footsteps echoed off the stone walls, and Rema scooted in the corner of her cell. Two soldiers appeared with several prison guards. She didn’t recognize any of them. 
The door opened and one of the soldiers entered, holding manacles. Rema considered fighting them, but it would do no good. She was one small girl to a dozen armed men. She didn’t stand a chance. She never did, even from the beginning. Rema stood on shaky legs and held out her wrists. 
“Turn around,” he ordered. “Your hands must be bound behind you.” She did as instructed. He tightened them, the heavy, cold metal digging into her skin. 
They exited the cell. When they reached the stairs, Rema didn’t think she had the strength to climb them. A soldier wrapped his arm around her waist, helping her up the steps, shouldering most of her weight.
When they exited the dungeon, the bright light stung Rema’s eyes. She could barely see and was surprised that a few days in the dark cell did so much damage. She squeezed her eyes shut, frustrated she couldn’t use her hands to shield the light. Not that it really mattered. She’d be dead soon, and she’d never see the light of day again.
Other than the horrible anticipation, the past week hadn’t been that bad. The straw bed, blankets, and food helped maintain her strength. Rema came to realize that these were small acts of kindness from the castle guards and servants. They must’ve felt sorry for her and wanted to help in whatever capacity they could, or they hated Prince Lennek as much as she did. In either case, Rema was grateful to them all. She just wished she could’ve seen Ellie one last time to say good-bye, but Rema hadn’t seen her since the time right after the trial. She prayed she was safe and not another victim of this royal family.
The soldiers led Rema through the castle. They stopped at a black door. A small, round window next to the door revealed the gallows on the other side. Rema focused on her feet, unable to look at the wooden platform outside.
She had been out of the dungeon for about twenty minutes now, and her eyesight was finally getting better. Someone banged on the door from the other side and it swung open. The beat from a drum echoed throughout the courtyard, making Rema’s heart slam into her chest even harder. She felt the sweat trickling down her back. 
The two soldiers took hold of her arms, leading Rema out of the room and into the courtyard. Thousands of people stood behind the wooden fence barrier, trying to get a glimpse at her. She didn’t look at anyone. Instead, she focused on the path leading to the raised, wooden platform. 
When she reached the steps, she stopped. There was no way she could force herself to climb them to her death. The two soldiers dragged her up, her knees slamming into the stairs. Rema yelped in pain, tears streaming down her face.
At the top, Rema froze. Dead center, a rope hung from an erected upside down “L” shaped piece of wood. The rope swayed in the wind, the end looped in a circle. A section of the floor below the rope was slightly higher than the rest of the platform. That was the section that would drop away, making her feet dangle. Killing her.
The crowd was silent. What type of person would want to witness a murder? The soldiers pulled her forward, out onto the gallows. Wood creaked with each step they took. Rema was now close enough to the rope to see how thick and strong it was. The soldiers positioned her so she was facing the crowd.
The drums stopped. Rema glanced out to the people. Darmik had to be here somewhere, but she didn’t see him. She reminded herself to breathe because she was getting dizzy. If she passed out, she was sure Prince Lennek would wait until she was conscious before hanging her. There was no way she could go through this again.
Prince Lennek strolled onto the stage. He walked straight up to Rema and turned his back to the crowd. “Stupid girl,” he whispered. “I hope Darmik suffers for this.” Then he faced the people. “Anyone who defies me shall pay,” he bellowed. Lennek took the noose and put it around Rema’s neck. His eyes locked with hers. He smiled a cold, evil smile. 
“You churl,” Rema said, hatred dripping from each word.
Prince Lennek tightened the noose, and she gasped for air. The rough rope dug into her skin. She wanted to tear the noose away from her neck, but her hands were bound behind her back. Panic swelled inside of her. Lennek left the stage. 
Rema waited for the trapdoor to drop, to feel the burn of the rope. The drum beat started back up. This was it then. What were they waiting for? Why didn’t they just do it and get it over with?
Prince Lennek walked out on the balcony high above the crowd, standing next to the king. The soldiers looked to the prince for the signal. 
Rema wanted the last thing she saw to be of something beautiful. Scanning the crowd, she saw Darmik dressed in full uniform off to the side, atop Nightsky. She focused on the horse—the only connection to her home in this dreadful place. As if sensing her, Nightsky’s head turned toward Rema. She stared into his dark, knowledgeable eyes. Her vision blurred from her tears, but she couldn’t look away.
Lennek yelled, “Now,” his voice echoing through the courtyard.
The floor beneath her feet moaned as it opened up. There were several odd “whooshes” by Rema’s ear.
And then she fell.
Rema’s stomach dropped. She had dove from cliffs enough to know the sensation of falling. This was much the same, only, instead of cool water, her body slammed into something hard. There was an immense amount of pain.
So this is what death feels like.
Her world went black.

End of Book 1





First of all, a huge thank you to all of my readers. Your enthusiasm, support and encouragement are amazing! I’m honored to have you not only as my fans, but as my friends.
My two talented critique partners, Karri Thompson and N.W. Harris, you have both been invaluable with offering constructive criticism. I don’t know where I’d be without the two of you!
To my three beautiful, rambunctious children, thank you for going through this journey with me. Your excitement about my characters and imaginary worlds only fuels my desire to keep on writing. 
I have an endless amount of gratitude for my personal assistant, Jamie Kimok. How can I ever thank you for your endless work putting together blog tours, managing my events, and keeping me on track! Thank you for all of your hard work, support, and most of all, your friendship.
To everyone at Clean Teen Publishing—thank you for believing in this book and bringing it to life. I would like to especially thank Dyan Brown, Rebecca Gober, Marya Heiman, and Courtney Nuckels. I am proud to be a part of your team. You truly are publishing ninjas! Also, a special thanks to Cynthia Shepp for doing a fantastic job with editing.
There are a few other people that deserve a special thank you: Melissa Lynn Simmons, Mayra Arellano, LC Helder, Dvora Gelfond, Kimi Flores, and Jennifer Murgia. Your advice, support, and help mean the world to me. Thank you for all of your encouragement.  Also, Angelle, Crystal, Rebecca, Debbie, Lisa, and Brooke—you girls help me more than you’ll every realize! Thank you for spreading the word about my books!
And lastly, to my early beta readers: Allison, Randi, Nicol, Taylor, Kim, Kristi, Emily, and Kris. Thank you for taking the time to read and offer feedback. The Key would not be what it is today without you.




Jennifer graduated from the University of San Diego with a degree in English and a teaching credential. Afterwards, she finally married her best friend and high school sweetheart. Jennifer is currently a full-time writer and mother of three young children. Her days are spent living in imaginary worlds and fueling her own kids’ creativity.
 Visit Jennifer online at www.JenniferAnneDavis.com.





By: Kelly Risser


Clean Teen Publishing





For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at 

www.cleanteenpublishing.com.






10 years earlier

Meara, where are you?
I started to fall asleep when I heard Daddy’s voice. At least, he told me he was my daddy. I’d never met him. 
“Daddy?” I called in the dark. My throat felt funny, like when Mommy made me gargle with salt water when I had a cold. I held back a sneeze; a strange smell tickled my nose. 
Meara, honey. I’m looking for you. Where are you? 
He sounded far away. Why was Daddy sad? My stomach tightened, and my eyes welled with tears. “Where are you, Daddy?”
Silence. The pain vanished, quick as it came. He was gone. I jumped out of bed and ran to my mom’s room. 
“Daddy’s so sad!” 
I flung myself onto her bed and crawled up until I could wrap my arms around her. Burying my face in her neck, I breathed in the gardenia perfume she always wore. “He wants to see us, Mommy, but he can’t find us,” I mumbled against her skin.
My mom sat up, wrapping her arm around me. She whispered in my ear and stroked my hair. “It’s okay, Meara. You just had a bad dream.”
“I wasn’t asleep.” I raised my head and dared her to challenge me. She didn’t say anything, but she looked funny. Was Mommy scared? My lip quivered. “Mommy, why isn’t Daddy with us?”
“Oh, pumpkin.” Mom sighed and leaned back against the headboard, her arm tight around me. “It’s complicated. I love your father, and he loves us, but it just didn’t work out. He can’t be with us.”
“Why not?” I searched her face, but she wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“You won’t understand, sweetie. I’ll tell you when you’re older.”

All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; 
for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; 
we must die to one life before we can enter another. 
- Anatole France



Present Day
 
"Meara, come visit the ranch. I’m sure Uncle Jake won’t mind.” 
It was the second to last day of my junior year. I sat on the low, brick wall in front of Cedarburg High with my best friend, Kim. We were waiting for her boyfriend to pick her up. I didn’t care for Mark. I kept my opinion to myself, so I wouldn’t hurt Kim’s feelings.
Kim would be working at her uncle’s farm in Minnesota this summer. I was staying here. We wouldn’t see much of each other, unless I visited her.
“I don’t know, Kim,” I said. “I’m scheduled to work most of the summer at the shop.” My mom’s friend owned a sewing and fabric store in downtown Cedarburg, Wisconsin. Mom and I both worked there. Rebecca and Mom taught classes, made quilts, and ran the store. I maintained the website and worked the cash register.
“You could get away for a week or two,” Kim persisted. “Just ask your mom, Meara. You’ll never know unless you ask.”
“All right, I’ll ask!” I laughed at her scolding tone. I said it to appease her, but the idea was interesting. Why couldn’t Mom and Rebecca run the shop for a week or two without me? They did it during the school year. 
“I’m heading home.” I stood up and walked down the sidewalk. Mark pulled up to the curb in his crappy, old truck. There was no point exchanging words with him, so I avoided eye contact.
“Don’t forget to ask!” Kim yelled after me.
I turned back and grinned. “Why do you think I’m leaving now?”
My smile slipped when I noticed Mark eyeing a group of freshmen girls. He exchanged meaningful looks with a tall blond. I wouldn’t doubt if they hooked up at a party or something. Kim trusted him too much. When was she going to wake up and see him for the jerk he was?
***
“Mom? Hey, Mom, I’m home!” I yelled into the house as I always did, tossing my backpack on the bench in the front hall. When she didn’t respond, I figured she wasn’t home yet. Sometimes she stayed late to help Rebecca restock or change the window display. Heading to the kitchen to get a snack, I found Mom standing at the sink. 
“What’s for dinner?” I asked and kissed her cheek. Not waiting for an answer, I took a carrot off the cutting board and opened the refrigerator. I was so preoccupied in my search for something tastier than a carrot, that it took me a few minutes to realize she hadn’t responded. I turned and looked at her. “Mom?”
She didn’t respond. She washed the same dish over and over, staring out the window. What was going on? My mom was many things, but a daydreamer wasn’t one of them. I walked over, placed my arm around her waist, and gave her a small squeeze. 
“Meara!” She jumped and squealed. “You startled me. I didn’t even hear you come in.”
“Are you okay?” I asked. Her eyes were shadowed and sunken with dark circles. Mom never looked this exhausted. She was the most optimistic, dynamic person I knew. She exuded so much energy that she tired me out.
“Fine.” She wouldn’t meet my eyes. “Why do you ask?”
“Because I’ve been talking to you, and you didn’t answer.”
“Oh, sorry,” she said. “I didn’t hear you.”
“Or notice when I kissed your cheek,” I added.
She looked startled. “I guess I was lost in my own thoughts.”
I touched her arm. “What’s going on, Mom? You’re not acting like yourself.”
She smiled at me. My mom had a great smile, but this one worried rather than comforted me. It was fleeting, and it never reached her eyes. She touched my hair and motioned to a chair. “Honey, why don’t you sit down? I need to talk to you about something.”
Uh-oh. Whatever this was, it wasn’t good. Mom sat first and waited until I was seated. She took my hands in hers, holding them tightly. It was painful. I resisted the urge to cry out or pull my hands away. She seemed to need the contact. We sat in silence while she clenched my hands, then she sighed and closed her eyes. Tears escaped in a trail down her cheeks. 
“I saw Dr. Maxwell today.” Her voice was so quiet that it took me a moment to understand what she said.
“Dr. Maxwell?” I was confused. Dr. Maxwell was my mom’s oncologist; he treated her breast cancer five years ago. “Why didn’t you tell me you had an appointment today?” 
She sighed and touched my cheek, “I didn’t want to scare you. I actually went in for some tests about a month ago, and he asked me to come back.”
I couldn’t believe that she kept this from me. “You’re okay, right?”
When she tried to smile, her lips just quivered. She shook her head and began to cry in earnest. Big, wet tears slid down her pale cheeks. “Meara, he said the cancer is back. Only this time, he found it in my intestines, liver, and kidneys. This new growth is aggressive. ‘Stage 4,’ Dr. Maxwell called it.”
I blinked back my own tears. While my mother, who was so strong, sobbed next to me, I thought about the first time she had cancer. I was in sixth grade, and the severity of her situation hadn’t sunk into my twelve-year-old brain. Mom had been so strong, first going through a lumpectomy and then enduring months of chemotherapy and radiation treatments. She lost her hair and got so thin. I remember feeling each individual rib in her back when I hugged her. It was agonizing to watch the person I loved most in the world wither away in front of me. Thankfully, the treatments took effect, and she slowly got better. The doctor gave her a clean bill of health a year after her original diagnosis.
“You can fight it, right?” I asked. 
“Dr. Maxwell recommends slowing the growth with chemotherapy and radiation.” Mom composed herself a bit, wiping her eyes with the back of her hand. I followed her movements, and my eyes tracked the long, black streak her mascara left on her hand. After I handed her a napkin, she dabbed at her eyes and added, “He says surgery is not an option. It’s too far spread.”
“What does that mean?” I was angry now. Why would the doctor advise her not to operate? 
Mom took a deep breath, and I sensed how much it pained her to say these next words. “If they open me up, I might never heal. My prognosis is six months to two years, perhaps a little longer with intense treatment.”
It wasn’t what I expected to hear. The horror of it made me jump from my chair and bolt into her arms with gut-wrenching sobs. “Oh, Mom. I don’t want to lose you.”
“Oh, baby, and I don’t want to leave you.” Mom held me tight, and we clung to each other and cried. Her body shook as she sobbed. I held her as tight as I could. I hoped to give her comfort and take my own in return. When we couldn’t cry anymore, we simply sat together, each of us lost in our own miserable thoughts. After a while, Mom straightened up and pulled away. She wiped her face with another napkin. 
“We’ll make the most of our time together, okay?” Mom touched my cheek. “And, I’ll do everything I can to fight this.”
“Okay.” Grabbing a napkin, I wiped my nose. 
Mom patted my knee and stood up. “I’m turning in for the night.”
I glanced at the clock. “It’s not even six, Mom.”
“I know,” she said. “But I’m exhausted.”
She looked at the vegetables on the cutting board and smiled apologetically at me. “I didn’t get too far with the dinner preparations. If you are hungry, there are leftovers in the fridge or lunchmeat.”
“I’ll be okay, Mom,” I said. “Thanks.” I stood and kissed her on the cheek. “I love you.”
“Love you too.”
Once she left for her room, I put the vegetables away. I took out a container of leftover chicken salad and a Diet Coke, going in the living room to flop down on my favorite recliner. Aiming the remote control at the TV, I mindlessly grazed through the channels. I couldn’t remember what was on that night. I barely noticed what I ate. I was seventeen years old, and my mom was all I had. What was I going to do?
***
I smelled the smokiness of bacon before my eyes even opened. Most weekday mornings were all about cereal and yogurt. We reserved hot breakfast for the weekend. Mom must have woken up early. I dressed fast and went downstairs.
I yawned as I came into the kitchen. “You’re cooking?” 
Mom smiled. Although her eyes were puffy, she seemed better. “I figured that I owed you one after bailing on dinner last night.” She set a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon on the table. “Do you want some orange juice?”
“I can get it,” I told her. “Go ahead and fix your own plate.”
“All right. Pour me a glass, too, please.”
We sat and ate in silence, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. When we finished, Mom gave me a considering look. “I think it’s time to introduce you to your grandparents.”
“My grandparents?” I repeated. “Mom, I don’t understand. You haven’t talked to them in years.”
“I thought about it last night,” she continued. “Your grandparents are the only other family you have, Meara. When…” I gave her a look, and she corrected herself. “If I go, I don’t want you to be alone.”
“But don’t they live in Canada?”
“Yes.” 
She looked at me expectantly, but I couldn’t think of anything to say. Finally, I asked, “Are they coming here?” 
“No,” Mom said. “We’re moving to Peggy’s Cove.”
“For the summer?” I’d never get to the ranch with Kim, and Peggy’s Cove sounded boring. It was a fishing village in Nova Scotia. Super small and probably full of smelly, old people. I couldn’t think of a worse place to spend my vacation.
Mom shook her head. “For good.”
For good? My heart sank. “We can’t move. All my friends are here! It’s my senior year. I can’t start over at a new school.”
“Meara.” Mom’s voice took on that no-nonsense tone. “We’re moving.”
“But, Mom…” I whined, hating myself even as I did.
“No buts, Meara. I’m not giving you a choice. In two weeks, we’ll be in Peggy’s Cove.” Her eyes filled with sympathy, but her voice remained firm.
“This is so unfair!” I was about to say more when I looked at my mom’s pale face. Oh god. Unfair was the fact that she was dying. “Oh, Mom. I’m so sorry.” 
“I understand, Meara.” Mom’s voice softened. “I know this is hard for you. I wish there was another option.”
Standing, I put my plate in the sink. I had to get out of here before I said something I’d regret. How could she move us to Canada and not even ask me first?
“I’ve got to leave for school,” I said.
“Do you want a ride?” Mom asked.
“No thanks.” I tried to keep my voice light. “I’d rather walk.”
Slinging my backpack on my shoulder, I headed out the door. I barely noticed the walk to school. I was moving to Canada, where I knew no one. What kind of people were my grandparents? Would I like them? Would they like me?
My life was about to do a complete one-eighty, and I felt helplessly unprepared.
***
“Did you ask her?” Kim bounced up next to my locker before first period. When I stared blankly at her, she added in an exasperated tone, “About coming to my uncle’s place?”
Instead of answering, I burst into tears. Kim’s arm went around my shoulder. “Oh my God, Meara. What is it?”
“It’s my mom,” I sobbed. “Her cancer’s back.”
“How awful!” Kim hugged me.
“It’s terminal.” I closed my eyes as I said it.
“What?” 
“She’s dying, Kim.” I bit my lip to hold back more tears. “She’s dying.” My voice shook as I repeated the words, bitter on my tongue.
Although Kim was a good five inches shorter than I was, she wrapped her arm around my shoulder. “I’m so sorry. Is there anything I can do?”
“That’s not all,” I whispered. Maybe if I said it quiet enough…it wouldn’t happen. “We’re moving.”
“Where?” Kim looked bewildered. “When?”
“In a couple of weeks, I think,” I said. “Mom wants us to move to Canada, so I can get to know my grandparents.”
“You’re moving to Canada for the summer?” 
I met her eyes and felt miserable. “Not just for the summer, Kim. We’re not coming back.”
“What? No! What about our big plans for senior year?” Kim waved her hands in the air, and her curls bounced. The tears rolled down my face. I didn’t know what to say. Kim slapped her hand over her mouth. “I’m such an ass! As if I should be worried about me with all you’re dealing with. What can I do?”
“I don’t know,” I said truthfully. “I won’t know anyone there. I’ll be miserable.”
“I’ll come visit you,” Kim said. “And, we’re going to Europe, right?”
“Sure.” I smiled weakly. Kim raised one blond eyebrow, her signature sign of skepticism, but then she linked her arm through mine and chatted about our European vacation plans to distract me. It worked. I listened to her, nodded occasionally, and felt myself relax. Everything was going to be okay. It had to be.



Three days of sitting in a cramped car, counting semi-trucks until I lost count, eating greasy fast food, sleeping in uncomfortable beds in mediocre hotels, and we weren’t even there yet. Not even close.
“Are you watching the exits, Meara?” Mom fiddled with the radio dial. She refused to let me play my music. Instead, I was stuck listening to whatever 80’s station she found. 
“I’m trying.” Now that we were in Canada, most of the road signs just confused me. Why was everything listed in English and French? I smoothed the map across my lap. “Which one am I looking for again?”
“Meara.” Mom sighed my name. “It’s not that hard. Notre Dame du Lac, just think of the college or the church in France. Notre Dame, not that hard, right?”
Lucky for me, we were approaching a sign that listed the next four exits. I noted that the sought-after Notre Dame was only two away. “There, Mom.” I pointed. “We should reach the exit in a couple minutes.”
“Great,” she said. “I’m starving.”
A new song started, and Mom turned up the dial before I could stop her. It was Forever Live and Die—her favorite song by her favorite band. Unfortunately, I knew the song and didn’t share the love. I remained quiet while she harmonized. She had a decent voice. I turned to watch her. The sun caught the copper highlights in her hair, and I saw the crinkles in the corner of her eye behind her tortoiseshell sunglasses. She looked happy. Content. I wanted to remember her that way forever.
***
While Mom registered us at the hotel and got the room key, I stayed in the car and thought about what I wanted to ask her at dinner tonight. I was less than thrilled about the big move to Canada. And I hadn’t broached the subject of my grandparents. They scared me to death. What kind of people kicked out their only daughter because she got pregnant? Not the kind of people I wanted to know, let alone live with.
We had another day of solid driving left, and I needed to prepare myself for what was coming. Tonight was the night. I gave Mom some space the first couple of days on the road, but now it was time that I knew whatever there was to know. I wanted answers, and I was banking on the fact that she would be more open to talking about things now. Mentally, I prepared a list of questions—a long list.
The hotel was located in a nice, middle-class suburb, and there were several restaurants nearby to choose from. Mom liked Chinese food and noticed a restaurant near the hotel. When she suggested that we walk there, I agreed. Long legs and road trips were not friends. Plus, it was a balmy evening, and the sky was clear—the perfect night for walking.
Deep red, brocade tablecloths and shiny, ebony and gold accents filled the inside of the restaurant. A middle-aged Chinese couple smiled and greeted us. The woman led us to our table and introduced herself as Min. Mom asked for a glass of wine, and I ordered one as well. Mom shook her head at me. Can’t blame a girl for trying, I thought, changing mine to a Diet Coke. 
Mom read the menu, but I closed mine. I already knew what I wanted. Nothing said Chinese food like sweet and sour chicken and an egg roll. I ran through my mental checklist of questions again while I waited for her to decide, applauding myself for my patience. She finally set her menu down, and Min took our order. When she walked away, I fired off my first question. “Mom, why did your parents kick you out when you were pregnant with me?”
Her eyes widened. “They didn’t kick me out. I left.”
Seriously? This was news. So maybe not horrible, evil grandparents after all? 
“Why would you do that?” I blurted, bewildered.
“I left when I married Phil.” Phil was Mom’s ex-husband. She married him when I was a few months old, and we lived with him in Chicago. We moved to Wisconsin when they divorced. Mom said Chicago wasn’t big enough for both of them.
I shook my head. “I don’t get it. That doesn’t explain why we don’t talk to them or visit them, or why they never came to see us…” I trailed off. Mom looked uncomfortable.
“Peggy’s Cove is a small town, a simple fishing village,” Mom said, and I sighed. Great, she just reinforced what I thought. How boring was my life going to be now? She continued, “My dad’s a fisherman, and my mom stayed home and raised me. My pregnancy embarrassed them, especially since David left me—”
I interrupted. “Why did David leave?” My grandparents sounded like jerks, so I focused on my father. She never talked about him. I was surprised she mentioned him now.
I could tell she didn’t like where this conversation was going. She paused to take a sip of wine, and then said, “He never planned to stay.”
“Why’d you go out with him then?” I asked.
“Mmm,” she murmured, eyes going soft. “I’m not sure I had a choice.”
That was a funny answer. She seemed more open tonight. I could never get her to talk about him. Maybe she would now? “Mom, can you tell me about him? About David?”
She straightened in her chair. Looking at me for a minute, considering, she began. “I met your father the summer after I graduated, when I was eighteen. He was staying in town, helping at the docks for the summer, and I was working at the bed and breakfast where he happened to be staying. The first time I saw him, he took my breath away. He was so beautiful. I talked to him and found out that he was as smart and funny as he was good looking. He was so cultured and mature. I fell for him right away.”
She paused to drink more wine, and I didn’t want to interrupt her train of thought. I waited, and she continued. “Your grandparents didn’t like him at all. They were leery of strangers. ‘Outsiders’ they called them. The fine citizens of Peggy’s Cove see many people coming and going during the summer months. They’re not fond of tourists.”
She frowned and gulped the rest of her wine. 
“You obviously loved him. Did he love you?”
Again, she seemed surprised by my question. “Meara, your father loved me. I know this for a fact. For a time, I think he loved me more than anything else in his life. But, David is not like other men. I couldn’t hold him.”
“What does that mean? Who leaves the woman he loves pregnant and alone?” A thought occurred to me, and I added before she could answer, “Did he even know about me?”
She worried her lip. “Of course your father knew about you. You weren’t the reason he left.” She squeezed my hand. It didn’t reassure me. “Meara, your father stayed with me as long as he could. He picked your name, you know.” 
“No, I don’t know. You never told me that before.” I crossed my arms, and my foot twitched. Why had my mom kept all these things from me?
“I didn’t?” Her brow creased.
“Mom,” I said, “you never talk about him. Where did he go?” 
Mom hesitated. “I don’t know.” 
I couldn’t tell if she was lying or not. 
“Has he ever tried to contact you?” I pressed. “To come see us?”
“No. Never.” Mom wouldn’t meet my eyes. She was lying. She never lied to me. I decided not to call her on it, not wanting to fight with her tonight. Min brought our dinner. I pushed the food around on my plate, no longer hungry. I’d lost my appetite. 
While I pretended to eat, Mom chatted happily, filling me with stories about her childhood and her best friend, Lydia. Her best friend she hadn’t mentioned before today. I tapped my foot faster as I fought to stay calm. I nodded every now and then so she’d think I was listening, but my mind raced. Where was David, and why was Mom lying?


 
Meara? Meara, honey, wake up.” 
I opened my eyes to darkness. There were no streetlights, just the brilliant stars overhead. The car window was open, and a warm breeze caressed my face. I stared out, hoping to get a sense of where we were. I couldn’t see far. 
Though my vision floundered, my other senses sang. I smelled the salty tang in the air and felt a cool mist of water. The fragrant drops clung to my skin like a welcoming kiss. I breathed deeply, and my body absorbed the energy. It was a rush—better than a sugar high, better than caffeine—and unlike anything I’d ever experienced. 
Home, I thought as a peace settled over me. I’m home. I shook myself and frowned. Where did that come from? The only “home” I’d ever known, or at least remembered, was thousands of miles away in another country.
My mom watched me. She started to frown. Before she could speak, I gave her a small smile and said, “So, we’re here then?”
She relaxed and smiled back. “We’re here. Welcome to Peggy’s Cove, Meara.”
It seemed surreal that we were in another country, even if the country was connected to our own. 
“Sharon? Is that you?” A porch light backlit the silhouette of a woman. Floodlights followed, bathing the yard with brightness. The woman hurried closer, her crop of wavy, silver hair glinting in the light. This had to be my grandmother. She wore a nervous expression. There was no mistaking the resemblance between the three of us, although her face was wet with tears. 
Next to me, Mom made a strangled noise. She jumped out of the car and ran over to her. “Mom!”
“Sweetheart,” whispered my grandmother, her voice raspy from crying. “Welcome home.” She squeezed Mom’s hand, and they embraced. I got out of the car, staying by the door. After several teary minutes, both women wiped their eyes and blew their noses, almost simultaneously. Mom turned to introduce me. “Mother, I’d like for you to meet your granddaughter, Meara.”
“Meara.” She smiled warmly. “So nice to meet you.”
“It’s nice to meet you, too…uh, Grandmother.” The last word felt strange on my tongue, formal and unfamiliar.
“Oh, none of that, child.” She pulled me into a hug. “No formalities for me. Call me Grandma Mary. Everyone else does.”
She was soft and smelled faintly of lilacs. I relaxed in her arms, finding it a pleasant place to be. She released me after one last squeeze. 
“Sharon, pop the trunk. Let’s get your bags inside.”
When Mom opened the trunk, Grandma Mary pulled both bags out. As she walked away, she called over her shoulder. “Your father is at work. He should be home soon, but I made you dinner.”
“Thanks, Mom.” My mom took my hand. She didn’t seem surprised that her mother carried both of our suitcases. 
“I expected you’d be arriving late and, more than likely, hungry.” Grandma Mary placed both bags on the porch and held the door open. “Come inside and make yourselves at home.”
With the extra light, I could see that the house was modest, shingled in faded red cedar. The trim and shutters were white, while a screened-in porch faced the ocean. The flowerbeds along the front burst with color and fragrance.
Hurrying up the small step, I took the screen door from my grandmother. For an old lady, Grandma Mary sure moved fast. We crossed into the entryway, and my mouth watered. Something smelled savory and delicious. I licked my lips. Grandma Mary saw and laughed.
“Kitchen’s right here,” she called as she entered into a room just to the left of the front door. “Come in and have a seat.” To my mom, she said, “I made your favorite.”
Grandma Mary served up the food and placed it in front of us. I had no idea that chicken and dumplings was my mom’s favorite meal. After one bite though, I could see why. It was delicious, with chicken so tender that it melted in my mouth. Mom rolled her eyes and made funny noises as she ate. Grandma Mary watched us with an amused expression, her chin resting in her hands and her elbows propped on the table. 
After dinner, we moved to the living room and talked about our trip. I was just about to ask if we could see our rooms when the front door banged open, and the fiercest man I’d ever seen walked in. His hair was steel gray, thick and windblown. It outlined a weathered, tan face. I wasn’t a great judge of height, but he was easily six foot three. He frowned as he scanned the room. When his eyes settled on my mom, they softened. His mouth quivered slightly at the corners as he stood there.
My mom started crying again and biting her lip—a nervous habit of hers. Nobody moved. I looked back and forth between them. When I couldn’t stand the tension any longer, my grandfather opened his arms. “Sharon,” he choked.
“Dad!” Mom ran to him with a sob. He said nothing more, just held her close, bending his large frame to wrap her tightly in his embrace. I heard her muffled sobbing. When she stopped, he straightened up and fixed his piercing blue eyes on me. 
“This is her?” he asked, nodding in my direction. “This is your Meara?”
I gulped. I couldn’t help it; he was so intimidating. I felt myself blush under his gaze and struggled to meet his eyes. Mom wiped away her tears and smiled at me. 
“This is my Meara,” Mom said proudly. “Meara, meet your grandfather, Jamie.”
I tried to smile, but I think it came out more like a grimace. “Hello,” I managed to mumble. The expression on my face must have amused him, because he let loose a deep, rumbling laugh.
“Girl,” he said, wiping his eyes. “You have nothing to fear from me.” 
He patted me firmly on the shoulder. I was sure he meant to be gentle, but the strength behind it made me wince. He turned his attention to my grandmother. “Mary, love, how about a big helping of whatever that is that I’ve smelled since I opened the door?”
Grandma Mary swatted my great beast of a grandfather on the arm. “Is your stomach all you can think about?” she chided. “Look at these girls; they’re scarcely managing to stay awake.” 
Turning, she went into the kitchen, and we followed. She ladled a generous helping of chicken and dumplings onto a plate that could’ve been platter and set it before my grandfather. Once finished, she turned to us. “Come on, I’ll show you to your room.”
“Are we sharing?” I asked. 
Grandma Mary laughed. “No. You get the porch. Sharon, you’ll be sleeping in your old room.”
“The porch?” I pictured lawn furniture and dying plants.
She patted my arm. “It’s not so bad. We converted it to an all-season room a few years ago.” 
“I’ll head off then. I remember where I’m going,” Mom said. She kissed my cheek first, and then Grandma Mary’s. “Goodnight.”
Grandma Mary led me down the hall and pointed to the door on the right. “This is the bathroom. Only one in the house. I hope you don’t dawdle.”
One bathroom? Our house had two. Mom and I never shared. I thought about my morning routine—hair, makeup—and inwardly groaned. “I’ll try not to.”
When we reached the porch, she opened the door, stepping back to let me in. “I hope you like it. It’s not much, but I imagine you’ll enjoy the view.” 
The room was small, but airy. Large windows ran along the top half of all three outer walls. I approached the longest window, which faced the ocean. Although it was almost midnight, the moon reflected on the rocks and water below. By day, I would have an amazing view of the harbor. I turned toward my grandmother and smiled. “It’s beautiful. Thank you.”
Grandma Mary nodded. “Get your rest, child,” she said. “I’m sure tomorrow you’ll want to go exploring. It’s a small town, but there’s enough to see.”
She closed the door behind her. Alone, I turned and took in my surroundings. My suitcase was already there, resting near the door. My grandmother must have brought it in while we were eating. The rest of our stuff was arriving by moving van. It would be another day or so before it got here. I had all my favorite things with me, so I didn’t mind. Looking around, I wasn’t sure all of my stuff would fit in this room anyway.
The lamp on the nightstand cast the room in a warm glow. The furnishings were sparse—a twin bed covered with a pale yellow quilt of faded daisies, a nightstand with the lamp, and a small dresser. 
A framed picture on the dresser caught my eye. I walked over and picked it up. Why did my grandparents have a black and white picture of me? I looked closer and realized it was a photograph of my mom, probably taken when she was about my age. She laughed at the camera, looking young, happy, and ready to take on the world. I ran my finger lightly over her face.
I set the picture back down and bent to pick up my suitcase, grunting a bit from its weight. If I was going to travel to Europe someday, I needed to learn how to pack lighter. One week of lugging this bag around, and I was tired of it. I pulled out my pajamas and toiletries and went to use the only bathroom in the house.
I changed quickly, but took a few minutes to wash the travel grime from my face. It’s good to be in a home and not another hotel, I thought as I climbed into bed. I was out almost as soon as my head hit the pillow. My last thought before drifting off to sleep was how clearly I could hear and smell the ocean from my room. It was almost like falling asleep outside on the beach.

I was walking along the shoreline. It was early dawn, and the sun barely skimmed the horizon. The world held in the silence, and I was alone. The stars twinkled in the fading night sky, and the pebbles caressed my feet, smooth and cold. I tasted brine and was tempted to lick the salt from my lips. A slight breeze teased along my skin, lifting strands of my hair. 
It should have been peaceful, but I was restless. I moved as though an invisible force pulled me toward the ocean. The desire to dive in overwhelmed me. I quickened my pace toward the inviting waves. 
My heart beat frantically in my chest. I needed to climb into the water, to feel the cool tide surrounding me, lifting me. Though I’d never swum in the ocean, I had no fear. The experience would bring me extraordinary joy.
I lowered myself onto one of the large boulders near the ocean’s edge. The rock’s surface was smooth and cool. Stretching out my leg until my toes touched the surf, I delighted when the water frothed around and over my bare foot. Millions of tiny bubbles ebbed and flowed over my toes. This was where I belonged.
Voices called to me. They were distant and faint. I scooted closer to hear them. Come in. Join us. When I tilted my head down and to the side to hear better, I noticed a person walking toward me. Who else was out at this time of the morning? 
It was a man. He moved at a leisurely pace. His shirt was loosely buttoned and untucked, the sleeves rolled to his elbows. One hand held a leather jacket over his shoulder. He wore faded blue jeans, and his feet were bare. He was beautiful, with strong, distinct features and a lean build.
He continued to approach, his pace slow and unhurried. Stopping about three feet away, he smiled. I wasn’t scared. He reached toward me, extending an open hand. I noticed that his fingers were slightly webbed, and—I looked down—his toes were webbed like mine. Curious about him as I was, I looked away toward the ocean, tempted to dive again. The pull was strong.
“Meara, you can’t go in,” he said. “It’s too soon, and your mother needs you.”
I heard his words, but I didn’t understand them. His voice was a beautiful as his face, deep and melodic. I gazed at him in awe. The man appeared to be in his mid-twenties. 
“Who are you?” I asked.
He didn’t say anything at first, just stepped closer. I found myself comforted by his presence. When he reached out to touch my hair, I didn’t move. He ran his hand gently along one side of my head and caressed my cheek in a gesture that was similar to my mom’s. Letting his arm fall to his side, he smiled at me again.
“It’s so good to see you,” he said. “You look so much like your mother.” His voice was full of sadness. He watched me, his blue eyes holding mine. 
“David?” I asked, and he nodded.
“Smart girl, you are your mother’s daughter.” He spoke with a bit of an accent, rolling his Rs. I couldn’t place the gentle lilt. Irish, maybe? “Go back to sleep, Meara.” He touched my arm, and my eyes grew heavy. “We will speak again soon.”

I sat up in bed, fully awake, and glanced out the window. The dream was so real that I expected to see my father standing there in the flesh. The beach was empty. It was a dream, I thought, only a dream. And yet, I tasted salt on my lips and felt the dampness of early morning on my hair and clothes. 
Shaking my head at my own fancifulness, I rolled onto my side. A quick glance at the clock on the nightstand told me it was only four, way too early to get up. But as I closed my eyes and tried to fall asleep, an image of a beautiful, barefoot man played in my mind and kept me awake. 
Was it really David? And if so, was he here?



I woke to the smell of coffee, cinnamon, and vanilla. My stomach growled in anticipation. What time was it? The last thing I remembered was tossing and turning. I sat up and looked out the window. The sky was clear, and the view unobstructed. The ocean looked wild, blue, and inviting this morning, the rocky beach deserted. 
Just a dream, I told myself again. I stretched slow and deep. The bed was extremely comfortable. Overall, I loved my new room. Yeah, it sucked that I had to leave my friends, but it could be worse, a lot worse.
I picked up my phone and checked the time—8:05am. While I had it in my hand, I sent a quick text to Kim, letting her know we arrived. I could tell her the details later.
Throwing on jeans, my favorite t-shirt, and sandals, I headed to the kitchen. My mom and Grandma Mary were talking softly. Mom was updating her on the latest round of tests. Although I knew I shouldn’t, I stopped out of sight a few feet away from the kitchen and listened. It didn’t take long to realize I wasn’t hearing anything I hadn’t heard before. Still, why did Mom talk so freely to Grandma Mary when it took me the last three weeks to wring the information out of her? The answer was obvious. My mom saw me as a child. Sighing, I walked into the kitchen.
“Good morning!” Grandma Mary called cheerfully. She faced the hallway, leaning on the counter by the stove. She looked worried. Mom stopped talking.
“Please continue,” I said, sitting down next to my mom and gesturing to them both. “Don’t stop on account of me.”
“It’s all right,” Mom said. “I’ve pretty much caught her up on everything.” 
“Did you sleep okay?” Grandma Mary asked as she rummaged in the refrigerator. She brought out bacon and orange juice. When I didn’t answer right away, she looked at me. I shrugged, and Mom gave me the look. I couldn’t tell them about my strange dream, so I came up with a non-answer that seemed to satisfy them both.
“The room is great,” I said. “I like the waves.”
“I’ve always liked that, too.” Grandma Mary pulled out a frying pan. “I hope you’re hungry.”
“Starved,” Mom and I said at the same time. We looked at each other, said, “Jinx,” and then laughed. We had a habit of saying the same thing or finishing each other’s sentences. Grandma Mary watched us, shaking her head with an amused expression.
“You’re starved after that big dinner last night? Didn’t you girls eat on the way here?” Grandma Mary laughed as she placed six thick slices of bacon in the pan. The cinnamon and vanilla I smelled earlier came from the huge, steaming stack of French toast already sitting on the table. Grandma Mary saw me eyeing it up and said, “Help yourself, Meara, before they get cold. The bacon will be done in a minute.”
Mom slid the orange juice toward me, and I poured a tall glass.
“Sharon,” Grandma Mary said, flipping the bacon. “Did you know that Lydia’s oldest, Evan, is working with Jamie down at the docks this summer?” Her voice was nonchalant, but I smelled a setup. I raised an eyebrow at her, but she ignored me. Mom winked at me when Grandma Mary’s back was turned, biting her cheek to keep from laughing. Very funny.
“Really?” My mom played along. “I had no idea. How old is Evan now?”
“Oh,” Grandma Mary stalled. “I think he’s only a year or two older than you, Meara.”
I was being set up by my grandmother. The best approach when adults muddled was disinterest, so I did the shoulder shrug thing again and filled my mouth with syrupy goodness. 
Grandma Mary took one look at my stuffed face and laughed, loud and merry. “Oh, I like her,” she said to my mom, nodding at me. “She’s a girl after my own heart. Food first, conversation later.”
Mom smiled into her coffee and patted my knee. She knew all too well about my appetite. She picked at a piece of French toast and a slice of bacon. Grandma Mary watched her carefully. “I thought you were starving,” she remarked dryly.
Mom shrugged off her concern. “My stomach is jumpy, that’s all.”
“Well, at least drink a little juice,” Grandma Mary said, placing a glass of orange juice in front of her. I was about to ask her if she was going to sit and join us, when she grabbed a plate and loaded it up. We ate in silence, but it wasn’t awkward. I was more relaxed than I’d been since Mom told me her news. I wasn’t the only one looking out for my mom now. My grandparents would help. That knowledge lifted a huge burden from my shoulders. We could fight this together. 
I finished my breakfast and took my plate to the sink. “Do you want me to clean up?” 
“No,” my grandmother scoffed. “I’ve got it. Why don’t you and your mom go into town and check things out? I’m just going to clean up a bit in here, and then head out to the garden.”
“Are you sure?” Mom hesitated. She hated leaving a mess.
“Yes, you girls go on.” Grandma Mary practically pushed us out the door.
I was already dressed, so I followed Mom back to her room. Sitting on her bed, I talked to her while she got ready. “Where are we going?”
“I can tour you through town. You know, show you my old stomping grounds.”
“Okay,” I said. “Is there anywhere that we can wade in the ocean?”
Mom frowned. “I’m not sure. The Atlantic is cold and rough.”
“It’s almost July, Mom. Can we look into it anyway?”
“We’ll see,” Mom conceded. “Depends how much time is left after we’ve explored the town.”
“Okay.” I let it drop. The town held about fifty people. How long could the tour take? I figured we’d have plenty of time to play in the ocean.
“Are you ready to go?” Mom eyed my faded University of Wisconsin t-shirt. It used to be red, now it was a dusty pink. Didn’t matter to me, it was super comfy. I wasn’t dressed for a date, but who was I going to meet in this rinky-dink town?
“I’m ready,” I said. She looked polished as usual. Her polo shirt was wrinkle free, and her khakis pressed. She even put on a bit of blush, although that may have been to give her some color. She was so pale with dark shadows beneath her eyes. 
“Mom, are you feeling okay?” I asked. “We can always go another day.”
“I’m fine,” she said. 
“Are you sure?” 
“Meara…stop. I’m okay. Let’s go out and have some fun.”
Without another word, she grabbed her hat, sunglasses, and car keys, heading out the door. I had no choice but to follow.
***
Mom parked in front of a building. The engraved wood sign in front said it was The Cove Inn. The house was light blue with a brighter blue on the shutters. Pink flowers blossomed in white pots of various sizes scattered around the generous porch. A hanging swing made it look inviting, just the way a bed and breakfast should. 
“Do you like it?” Mom asked.
“It’s great,” I said. “Is this the one your friend owns?”
“Lydia,” Mom said, looking pleased that I remembered. 
“Did you go to school together?” If she was Mom’s best friend, why hadn’t I heard about her until a few days ago? 
“Lydia was four years older than me. We didn’t see each other much at school. My mom worked for her mom, so we hung out on the weekends.”
A middle-aged blond woman came around the house, carrying a watering can. She wore round, dark sunglasses, a large, straw hat, and gardening gloves. Her pace was unrushed and relaxed. When she noticed our car, she shaded her eyes with her hand to get a better look. Seconds later, she let out a joyful squeal, dropped the watering can, tore off her gloves, and came running toward our car, stopping outside of the driver’s side window. “Sharon?” she shouted. “Is that you?”
Mom laughed and jumped out of the car. The two women hugged each other, hopping up and down like excited school girls before they pulled back to examine each other.
“Lydia,” Mom said. “You look fantastic!”
Lydia struck a model’s pose and grinned. “You know what they say about that fresh ocean air.” She bent, lowering her sunglasses to look at me. “And this must be Meara.”
“Yes,” Mom said. “Meara, come out and meet Lydia.”
I climbed out and went to stand by my mom. When Lydia extended her hand to me, I shook it, noticing that while she had fine wrinkles around her eyes and mouth, she was very pretty. Her eyes were a beautiful hazel, and she had a wide, full mouth.
“How is Darren?” Mom asked.
“After all these years, Darren’s the same.” Lydia laughed. I assumed Darren was her husband. “He’s away right now on a business trip, but he returns on Wednesday. He’ll be thrilled to see you.”
“And the kids?” Mom inquired.
“Evan starts at the university in the fall. Can you believe it? He’s working for your dad this summer, earning extra money for school.” Lydia shook her head and added. “Somehow, he managed to finagle the morning off.” Lydia turned her thoughtful gaze to me. “My daughter, Katie, is just a few months younger than you are. You’ll both be seniors at Halifax West in the fall.”
I nodded, mentally filing that away. It wouldn’t hurt to have a friend before I started at a new school in a new country. I was already freaked out about the transfer. I’d gone to school with the same kids since kindergarten.
Lydia motioned toward the backyard, saying, “Evan’s out back right now with his dogs if you want to say hi, Meara. I’m going to take your mother inside for a cup of coffee. We have a lot of catching up to do.”
Mom and Lydia linked arms and walked up the front steps into the house, chatting away. I stood there, trying to decide if I should introduce myself to a stranger or follow my mom and her friend into the house, for what would probably be a boring conversation. I didn’t make new friends easily. I met Kim in Kindergarten, and my few other friends I’d known just as long. I looked down at my faded t-shirt with regret. Why hadn’t I worn something cuter today? On the other hand, what else was I going to do? Stand on the sidewalk and wait for my mom to return? Not only would that be pathetic, but also I had a feeling that she wasn’t coming back any time soon. 
You only live once, I thought with a shrug, walking in the direction Lydia had come from. Two colorful flowerbeds bordered the path. I wasn’t a gardener, so I have no idea what kind of things were growing there, but they were pretty and smelled terrific. I wondered how well she knew my grandmother, who also loved gardening. 
At the end of the path, I found a quaint, white picket gate. I opened it and walked into the backyard. It was larger than I imagined and overflowing with flowers and leafy ferns in large, glazed pots. A fountain gurgled happily in the corner, and several benches sat under shady trees. I was so busy taking in the landscaping that it took a moment before my eyes settled on Evan. When they did, I had to keep my mouth from dropping open. Wow. Hot. I patted my ponytail nervously and again regretted not taking a few more minutes to get ready. At least he was also wearing shorts, a t-shirt, and tennis shoes.
Evan didn’t see me, so I leaned against the gate and watched him play with his dogs—some type of spaniel. One dog was brown and white, and the other was black and white. Their tongues hung out, and they jumped excitedly at his feet, waiting for him to throw a Frisbee.
He was about six foot tall with wavy, black hair that curled over his ears. Tanned skin, lean muscles, and strong hands that ended in long, graceful fingers. The only thing I couldn’t see were his eyes, since he wore sunglasses. 
Evan laughed as he threw one Frisbee after another. The dogs chased them down and brought them back. Each time they returned, he rewarded them with a vigorous ear scratching. After several rounds, the dogs begged for a bigger reward, flipping on their backs and presenting their bellies. Obligingly, he crouched down to pet them. Within minutes, the Frisbee throwing resumed.
“Ebb, come!” he commanded, and it was then that I noticed the black and white dog veering off toward one of his mother’s beloved gardens. Obediently, Ebb turned and headed back. 
“Let me guess, the other one is ‘Flow’?” I called out, forgetting that I was trying to be invisible. He looked startled to see me. Then, that perfect mouth broke into a wide grin.
“Wow, great guess.” He walked over, the dogs trailing behind him. “Most people think I’m saying ‘Abe.’”
“Really?” I tilted my head. He stopped an arm’s length away. His smile was amazing. When he flipped up his sunglasses, I saw that his eyes were blue. Not bright blue like mine, they were a deep, endless blue like the depths of the ocean, fringed in thick, dark lashes. I fought the urge to sigh. I had better be careful, or I was going to say something stupid. “It’s the first thing that came to my mind.”
He frowned. “I’m sorry, but should I know you?”
“Uh, no. Sorry,” I stammered. “Your mom suggested that I just come back. I’m Meara.”
“Ah.” He nodded. “You’re Jamie’s granddaughter. I was wondering how I got lucky enough to have a pretty stranger end up in my backyard.”
Did he just call me pretty? “You work for my grandfather, right?” I managed to sputter once I got over the pretty comment. I wasn’t comfortable around guys my age, especially cute ones. The ones back home hadn’t paid much attention to me, and here was Evan, totally hot, complimenting me. 
“For the summer, I do. Earning some extra cash for college.” He gestured toward the house. “I take it that my mom’s holding your mom captive?”
I laughed and conceded, “Something like that.”
Ebb and Flow, their bodies quivering with barely restrained excitement, sat at Evan’s side. When I crouched down to pet them, they met me halfway, covering me with cold, wet noses and doggy kisses.
“Ebb! Flow!” Evan scolded.
“It’s okay. I don’t mind.” I scratched them generously behind the ears, and then knelt to rub their bellies when they rolled over. 
“What kind of dogs are they anyway?” 
“Springer spaniels. They’re littermates.”
“They’re beautiful,” I said, petting them one last time before standing up. “How did you come up with their names?”
He shrugged. “I guess, living by the ocean and all…I was fourteen when I got them. I thought the names were kind of catchy.” 
“I think they’re clever.” He rewarded me with another crooked smile. Neither of us spoke. Heat built in my cheeks again. Lydia opened the back door, sparing me from further embarrassment. 
“Are you ready for some lemonade?” she called.
Evan smiled at her. “No thanks, Mom. I need to go to the docks. I promised Jamie I’d help out for few hours today.”
“I thought you had the morning off?” 
“No rest for the wicked,” he chimed, winking at me. I smiled weakly. 
Lydia gestured to me. “Come inside, Meara. I’ll pour you a glass and show you the house.”
Was I relieved or disappointed? At least I hadn’t said anything too stupid yet. “I’ll see you later, Evan.” 
“Feel free to stop by any time.” He even looked like he meant it. I watched as he walked toward the garage, Ebb and Flow following at his heels. He turned and sent them to the house, catching me watching him. I blushed, hurrying to the back door. Lydia held it open as I stepped into the hallway. The house was cool and inviting. It smelled spicy and floral. The dogs brushed against me, as they ran down the hall and turned left at the end. 
“Their food and water bowls,” Lydia said, by way of explanation.
As we walked from the hall into the living room, I paused to look around. The room was a deep purple and accented with an eclectic blend of antiques and comfortable furnishings. It was the kind of room that made a person long to grab a book and cozy into the oversized couch for a several hours. I spotted the source of the smell—a few candles flickered on the fireplace mantel. The effect was pleasant.
“If I were a tourist,” I said, looking around, “I’d definitely stay here.”
Lydia laughed, leading me out of the room. “That’s quite an endorsement after seeing only one room, but thank you all the same.” 
The next room was the kitchen, painted creamy beige with warm cherry cabinets. My mom sat at one end of a wide, polished table with a large vase of fresh flowers at its center. Their fragrant blossoms filled the air with a light perfume, which mingled with the smell of coffee. 
“Have a seat, Meara. Make yourself at home.” A glass pitcher of lemonade sat on the table. Lemon slices even floated in it. Lydia handed me a glass before sitting down.
I pulled out a chair and took the seat next to my mom. “So, what were you two talking about?” Mom and Lydia exchanged looks and giggled. Actually giggled. It was weird to see my mom acting like a kid. I raised my eyebrow at her. She tried to look serious, but failed.
“Oh, a little of this and a little of that,” said Mom.
“Reminiscing about the good ol’ days,” Lydia added. Somehow, that set them off on another fit of laughter. 
I drained my glass and stood up. “Do you mind if I look around?”
“Go ahead. There aren’t any guests here right now. Feel free to wander.”
I left the women in the kitchen to continue their glory day’s conversation, grateful that I didn’t have to sit and listen. I walked back through the room with the candles and down the hallway where the dogs had gone. To the left, there was a small laundry room. The dogs stretched across the cool, tile floor, paws twitching as they slept. Across the hall, there was a dining room. The deep navy, burgundy, and gold color scheme complemented the colors in the spicy room.
Four doors remained. Three were guest rooms, and the last had to be the master bedroom. A wedding picture hung on the wall, the bride clearly Lydia. A picture of Evan sat on the dresser. It looked like his graduation picture. The other picture was of a pretty, blond girl.
I remembered passing a staircase near the kitchen. I went back and climbed up. Two more guestrooms were upstairs, one on each side of the hall. At the end, there was another door. It led to two more bedrooms that shared a bathroom. By the looks of the rooms, they belonged to Evan and his sister. I wanted to linger a bit, but it felt strange, and I certainly didn’t want anyone catching me up there. Closing the door, I went back down to the kitchen.
“What’d you think?” Lydia asked.
“It’s really nice,” I said. She smiled at me.
“Are you ready to go, Meara?” Mom asked. She looked tired, her eyes tight with pain. She must have another migraine. She suffered from them frequently, and driving the majority of the trip could have triggered it. I should have pushed to drive more, but Mom insisted. Apparently, my driving scared her. Not sure why.
Lydia watched Mom with concern. “Are you okay?”
“Just a headache,” Mom said.
When Lydia continued to frown, I felt compelled to reassure her. “I’ll take her right home so she can rest.”
Mom looked surprised. “What about the rest of the town?”
“I can see it later. Oh, and I’m driving us back.” I took the keys from her.
She didn’t protest as I led her outside and helped her into the passenger side seat. Lydia followed us to the door. I looked back to see her hugging herself, watching us. How hard would it be to lose your best friend after just rediscovering her again? I thought about Kim—moving here was like losing her. I returned Lydia’s wave before we pulled away, my eyes drifting to the rearview mirror and scanning what I could see of the backyard. It was empty.
Mom closed her eyes and rested as I drove back to the house. Good thing I paid attention this morning when we left. It was no problem to find. 
“We’re back,” I said. When she opened her eyes, at least she had a little color in her cheeks. “Feeling better?”
“Not really,” she said. “I’m going to go lay down for a while.”
Mom walked back to her room. The house appeared to be empty. I looked around, but Grandma Mary wasn’t there. Eventually, I found the note that she left on the fridge that said she was running errands. Now what? I didn’t want to read, had no interest in watching TV, and was too restless to just relax. I could go for a walk but, admittedly, I was lazy. I grabbed the car keys and headed out.
This time, I took the full tour of the town. It lasted about five minutes. There was a grocery store, a few small restaurants, and a couple of shops marketed toward tourists. No music store, no bookstore, no mall, no movie theater, not even a McDonalds—I didn’t grow up in a booming metropolis, but this was ridiculous.
My stomach rumbled loudly, reminding me that it was lunchtime. A restaurant called Peggy’s Place looked promising, so I parked and walked to it. The restaurant appeared to be a favorite with the locals. It was shortly after two o’clock in the afternoon, and the place was packed. Three older men sat at the far end of the counter, their empty plates in front of them. The man furthest away from me stroked his long, gray beard with one hand and held his coffee mug out for a refill with the other. He was exchanging niceties with the waitress, who looked about my age. The other two glanced at me curiously. After a moment, they turned back to continue their conversation. 
“Can I help you?” the waitress asked me, not missing a beat on the coffee refills. She was pretty in a blond kind of way, with large blue eyes. She kept her hair pulled back into a long, straight ponytail.
Something about her had me asking, “Do I know you?”
“I don’t think so.” She frowned slightly. “Did you need help with something?”
“Oh, sorry,” I apologized. “I just came in here for lunch.”
“Well, you came to the right place.” She gave me a friendly, open smile. A dimple appeared on her left cheek. “Welcome to Peggy’s Place. I’m Katie.”
“Katie,” I repeated. Now I knew where I had seen her before—the picture on Lydia’s dresser. “Are you Katie Mitchell?”
She looked at me curiously. “Yes. Who are you?”
I extended my hand. “I’m Meara.”
“Should I know you?” She shook it, but looked confused.
I felt my face flame up. “I’m such an idiot. I met your mom and brother this morning. My mom is Sharon Quinn.”
“Okay.” Katie smiled, relaxing a bit. “I get the connection now.”
“Sorry,” I mumbled, hoping she didn’t think I was a total nut job. 
“Let me show you to your seat.” She grabbed a menu and walked into the crowded dining area. “There’s a table and a booth. What do you prefer?”
“The booth is great,” I said. “Thanks.”
She handed me the menu, saying, “Specials today are turkey chili and double bacon cheeseburgers. If you want my opinion, try the buffalo chicken club.”
“Sounds great,” I said. “Can I get a Diet Coke, too?”
“You bet.”
As I waited for my food, Katie checked on the other customers. Sitting there, I started thinking about what I should do after lunch. A short distance off the main road, there was a lighthouse. I’d never been to one, so I figured it would be fun to see. 
Fifteen minutes later, Katie set my plate in front of me. To my surprise, she slid into the other side of the booth instead of walking away. “Where is everyone?” 
“Everyone?” I asked, confused.
“Your mom? Grandma Mary?”
“You know my grandmother?”
“Sure.” Katie smiled. “Everyone knows Grandma Mary.”
“My mom’s got a migraine, so she’s resting. Grandma Mary left a note about running errands.” 
Katie nodded and snuck a fry off my plate. “My shift ends in a half hour. Do you have plans for the afternoon?”
Was she serious? She looked like she was waiting for an answer, so I replied, “I thought about going to the lighthouse. I’ve never seen one before.”
“If you wait,” Katie said, “I’ll take you to the lighthouse and show you around a bit. It’ll be ‘Katie’s Famous Five-Minute Tour’.”
“Famous?” 
“Infamous,” she added, and I laughed.
She stood and grabbed another fry. I had yet to try anything on my plate. “Okay, so it’s a little longer than five minutes. Maybe ten, fifteen at most. I’ve got a few more tables to take care of, and then we’ll be off.”
“Sounds great,” I said, finally lifting my sandwich to my mouth. The time passed quickly as I ate. Katie stopped by between tables to chat. By the time we headed out the door, I was completely at ease. 
“You don’t mind walking, do you?” Katie asked. “Peggy’s Point is just a little south of town. It’ll be a better tour if we walk.”
“I don’t mind,” I said. “How far can it be?” 
“It’s not far.” Katie nudged my arm, startling me. “Look, there’s Evan. Hey, Evan!” She waved at her brother, and he raised his hand in reply. He was at a bait and hardware shop across the street, probably running an errand for my grandfather. Katie caught me staring at him.
“Not you, too,” she groaned dramatically.
“What?” I asked.
“Okay,” she said. “Play coy.” She nodded toward Evan. “That guy? My brother? Almost every girl at our high school has crushed on him. Disgusting.”
It figured that I wouldn’t be the only one to notice his hotness. I tried to be casual when I asked, “Is he with anyone now?”
“Nah.” She stared walking, so I followed alongside. “He dated Jessica Alston, but they broke up in May.”
Relief, pure and sweet, filled me. In demand was one thing, but available at least meant I had a slight chance. A slight chance in hell was better than none at all.
“Do you have a boyfriend?” I asked to change the subject.
“Not right now,” she said. “I was dating this guy from Halifax, but we broke up about a month ago. It was dying a slow death anyway. Frankly, I’m relieved. This summer, I’m concentrating on earning some cash so I can get out of here after graduation.”
“That bad?” I sympathized with her. I couldn’t imagine living my whole life in a town this small. 
Katie kicked a stone. “Yeah, that bad.” 
A town this small seemed like it could make you feel like you were slowly suffocating. Based on the local folk mingling about today, I figured the median age was around sixty. That didn’t equate to good times.
“I’m thinking of heading to Europe, you know?” Katie continued. “Maybe take a year off and go backpacking.”
“Really? My best friend and I were planning the same thing. This was going to be the year we started planning everything out, but then my mom got sick and…”
She touched my arm briefly. “Your mom is sick?”
“Yeah,” I said, regretting that I brought it up. “Cancer.”
She looked me in the eye. “Want to talk about it?”
I shook my head, and we continued to walk in silence. A few minutes later, Katie nudged me with her shoulder. “I’m sorry about your mom.”
“Yeah,” I said. I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat. Thankfully, she understood and didn’t push me to talk. “Me too.”
We came around a bend, and the lighthouse came into full view. Tourists mingled on the grounds in front, and the waves crashed against the surrounding rocky shore.
“Wow,” I said. “Cool.”
Katie stood next to me, covering her eyes with her hand to shade the sun. “The view’s not too bad.” 
We walked around the grounds, and I took a few pictures with my phone. I’d send one to Kim later. The water churned below, and I moved to get a better look. Unlike the beaches I’d seen in photos, this shoreline was all rocks worn smooth by the rough waters. I stepped on some gravel and slipped. 
“Careful.” Katie caught my arm and pointed to one of the signs posted randomly throughout the area, warning tourists of high-wave dangers. 
“Have people been hurt here?”
“It’s been known to happen.” She stood next to me and looked down. “Someone gets too close and, whoosh! They’re dragged out to sea. Usually, they’re rescued.”
“Usually?”
“It pays to read the signs,” she said solemnly. 
Noted. This was not the place to go for a swim.
***
When I got back to my grandparents’ house, it was almost six o’clock. After Katie finished showing me around, I offered to drop her off at home. I felt a little guilty about not calling, because I saw that the movers were there. They were in the process of unloading all of our stuff. Mom sat in a chair, an ice pack on her forehead, watching the progress. Grandma Mary walked beside one of the surlier-looking men, discussing where she wanted a particular piece of furniture placed in the house. She seemed a bit frazzled, and I thought she was worried about whether our possessions would fit. I kind of wondered the same thing myself. 
I walked over to my mom and perched on the arm of her chair, leaning in and hugging her briefly. “The migraine is bothering you?” I asked as casually as I could.
She smiled up at me and patted my arm. “It’s better. Thanks. Where were you all afternoon?”
“I wandered into town, grabbed lunch, and then walked to the lighthouse with Katie.”
She nodded, but I could tell she wasn’t really listening when all she said was, “That’s nice.”
I watched the movers a little longer, growing bored. In the distance, a few dark clouds moved in, and the wind picked up. It looked like I was in for my first storm in the Cove. Hopefully, the movers would be done before it broke.
On her next trip in, Grandma Mary stopped in front of me. “You hungry?”
“Not really,” I said. “I ate a late lunch. Sorry for not calling.”
She waved her hand. “Don’t worry about it. I was just going to tell you that I didn’t make anything anyway. There are some leftovers in the fridge, if you do get hungry. Your mom already ate.”
“Thanks, Grandma Mary,” I said. She hurried toward the movers. Mom shivered a little, so I took her hand. It was ice cold. “C’mon, Mom. Let’s head inside. The movers have this under control.”
A little while later, I carried two mugs of hot chocolate into the living room and handed one to my mom, who was curled up on the couch. I sat down and snuggled up next to her, resting my head on her shoulder. She smelled like shampoo and her favorite perfume. The familiar scents relaxed me. “Can you tell me more about David?” I asked, closing my eyes and listening to the soft buzz of the television in the background.
She was quiet for so long that I didn’t think she was going to answer. In fact, I wondered if she even heard me. Another minute passed, and then Mom kissed the top of my head and started talking. “I’ll tell you about the first time I met him. I remember it was a Thursday morning. When I showed up for work at the Cove Inn, Lydia was positively glowing. She told me about a guest who had arrived the night before. She insisted that I had to meet him. I was curious, but I didn’t think too much about it. Lydia was the beautiful one. If he were interested in either of us, it would definitely be her. It didn’t even seem to matter that she was married. Guys hit on her all the time.”
I could relate. Kim was flirty and outgoing. Whenever guys were around, she was the one who always got the attention. I never really minded though. It took the pressure off me. Mom took a sip of hot chocolate and then continued. “A few hours later, I was vacuuming the hallway when I met David for the first time. He smiled and told me good morning, but I was too stunned to speak. He chuckled then, amused at my awkwardness, and asked me if I had plans for dinner. He asked me on a date, just like that. I finally managed to shake my head no, that I didn’t have plans. He smiled then, and said he would meet me out front at five.”
“You had your first date that same night?”
She nodded. “Yes, and we were together the rest of the summer. In my wildest dreams, I never thought someone as beautiful as David would be interested in me, especially over Lydia. But, he was. To Lydia, he was cordial, but he only had eyes for me.”
As my mom talked, I absentmindedly fingered the necklace that lightly rested on my collarbone. It was a gold sand dollar, and I never took it off. My mom gave it to me on my tenth birthday. She noticed and touched it with her finger, saying, “David gave that to me, you know. Besides you, it was the one thing I had to remember him by.”
That was the first time I heard that, so I asked, “Why did you give it to me?” 
She looked at the necklace again before responding. “I always knew that he meant it to be yours.”
I thought maybe that was all she was going to say about David for the evening, but she seemed to have made up her mind that it was time for me to know more. She settled more comfortably into the couch. I got comfortable, too, and then she began to talk again.
“Even that first night, I knew there was something special about David. He consumed my thoughts. I wondered when I would see him next and where we could escape to be together. He didn’t seem to have a real purpose for being in Peggy’s Cove. Sure, he helped at the docks, but he would also disappear for days at a time. Whenever I asked him about it, he carefully evaded my questions. He never lied to me, but I knew there were things he wasn’t telling me.”
“Like what?” I asked.
“Well, he said he couldn’t stay forever, and he was careful not to make any promises. It didn’t concern me at the time. From the moment I met him, he was everything to me.” 
I wondered where she was heading with this story. When she first started talking, it sounded like your typical boy meets girl, boy asks girl out, boy and girl fall in love story, but it was heading in a new direction. I waited for her to say more, not wanting to break the spell.
“When he was around, we were inseparable. His passion about the sea, about history, about art, about so many things, was contagious. We talked late into the night, and I often felt like I knew him better than I knew myself. But there was something there; something that I couldn’t put my finger on. I knew he was hiding it from me. He was mature beyond his years, had too many experiences for someone in his early twenties, and had a wilder, more primitive side than any boy I had known before.”
She stopped and gave my shoulder a squeeze. I smiled at her in a way that I hoped was encouraging. It worked. She continued her story. “The logical side of me knew I should be careful, but my heart wouldn’t let me. I was recklessly, wildly in love. By the end of summer, I realized I was pregnant with you.”
“What did you do? Did you tell him?”
“Of course. He was surprised. Happy, I think, but reminded me that he couldn’t make any promises.”
“And then he left you?”
“Not right away. He stayed as long as he could.”
“Why couldn’t he stay?” I asked. 
She looked at me, tears shining in her eyes. “I don’t know.”
I wanted her to say more. I knew the story was incomplete. She knew why my father left and chose not to tell me. I wasn’t sure how I knew that. I just did. I couldn’t push her. Not tonight, when I could see the migraine pained her and she looked so frail, so worn. Instead, I kissed her. 
She touched my check and gave me a faltering smile. “I wouldn’t change it, Meara. I want you to know that. If I had to do it all again, I wouldn’t change a thing.”
“I love you, Mom.” 
At that moment, my grandmother came in the front door. “Movers are all done and on their way. I’m amazed we—” She paused when she saw us. “Everything okay in here?”
“Fine,” Mom and I said at the same time. Grandma Mary looked at us a moment, and then sighed. “Well, if you girls are okay, then I’m going to head back to my room do a bit of sewing.”
“We’re good, Mom,” my mom said.
Mom and I continued to cuddle on the couch, eventually finding an old horror movie to watch. We loved the classics. This one was with Vincent Price. When the movie ended, I went to bed. I thought for sure I would dream of David that night, but I slept in peace.



It was Friday, July 1. I powered up my laptop to work while the house was quiet. I promised Rebecca I’d maintain the Sew Beautiful website until she could find someone else. Sure, there were companies that would do it for her, but none as cheap as I was. Plus, after helping at the shop, I knew the business pretty well. The site looked good; I changed the main page to feature three fall projects and updated a broken link in the resource section. I e-mailed Rebecca a summary of my work and asked if anyone reported problems. Since online sales were far surpassing those at the store, I knew it was important to keep things easy to find and updated for her customers.
Once I finished work, I e-mailed Kim, attaching the picture of the lighthouse. She hadn’t replied to my first one yet, but I wasn’t surprised. She told me the internet connection was terrible at her uncle’s ranch. 
It was time to tackle the stack of boxes the movers left in the corner of my room. I could arrange the room to my liking. Not that I minded my grandmother’s decorating, but it was always nice to be surrounded by your own things. Opening a box, I got started unpacking and decorating.
“Meara?” Mom popped her head in my room. “Did you want some lunch? It’s just you and me, kiddo.”
“Where are Grandma Mary and Grandpa Jamie?”
“At a barbecue.”
“You didn’t want to go?”
Mom made a face. “Head hurts.”
Now that she said it, I noticed her pale face and bruised eyelids.
“I can get lunch,” I said.
“Are you sure?” When I nodded, she gave me a small, tired smile. “Then I’m going to go and lay down again. Try to kick this thing once and for all.”
“Do you want me to bring you something?”
“No thanks, hon. I’ll eat later.” She turned to leave, and then looked back. “By the way, your room looks nice.”
“Thanks.” I looked around, pleased with my progress. It was starting to feel like my room. It was a decent place to break, so I went to the kitchen and searched the fridge and cabinets. It was my first time in the kitchen without Grandma Mary there. I took advantage. The kitchen was well stocked, but I didn’t feel like cooking. I settled on a turkey sandwich, chips, and a Diet Coke. I was rinsing off my plate when the doorbell rang. Who was here? 
I ran to get the door. If Mom fell back asleep, I didn’t want whoever it was to wake her. Opening the door, I found Katie and Evan. What was I wearing? Oh yeah, jean shorts and a tank top. Did I put on makeup this morning? Yep. Relax.
Evan looked as hot as I remembered. He wore cargo shorts and a polo shirt. He smelled good, too. It reminded me of fresh air and herbs. He leaned against the doorframe, keys in hand. 
“Um, hi,” I said. “What’s up?”
“Mind if we come in?” Katie asked as she proceeded to walk around me. She looked around the room. “Did the movers come?”
“Yeah,” I said, wondering why they were here. “Yesterday.”
“Thought so. There’s more furniture now. Looks nice.”
“Um…thanks.” I watched as Katie tried out the leather recliner from our old house. She leaned back in the chair and smiled at me.
“Katie,” Evan drawled from the doorway, clearly amused at his sister. “Maybe you’d like to tell Meara why we’re here…”
My face flared with heat. Would I ever be able to control that? 
“Grandma Mary called this morning,” Katie said from the chair. “Asked what we were doing. She said you were home unpacking and might need a break.”
“I’m pretty much finished. What’s up?”
“We’re heading into Halifax for the festivities.” Katie stood and smoothed the hem of her sundress. “Do you want to come with us?”
“Sorry for just dropping in,” Evan added. “I thought Katie called first.”
“Whatever, Evan.” Katie rolled her eyes at him before she winked at me. “You might want to grab a jacket or something. It’ll probably cool off a bit later tonight.”
“Um,” I mumbled. “I’m not sure…I don’t know if I should leave my mom alone…”
Katie peered across the empty living room. “Where is she?”
“Sleeping. The migraine’s bothering her.”
“Still?” Katie asked.
I nodded. “Sometimes they last a few days.”
“It’s okay if you don’t want to go,” Evan said. 
The problem was that I really wanted to go. Should I leave Mom alone? What if she got worse? On the other hand, Grandma Mary did tell Katie and Evan to come over and get me.
“No, I’ll go.” I would leave a note for Mom in the kitchen. She could call my cell phone if she needed me. She might even be awake. “Be right back.”
“We’ll wait for you in the car,” Evan said as I went to grab a coat. I was going to have to keep a close eye on my grandmother. She seemed to like to meddle. She could have given me some notice. I would have spent more time getting ready and less time unpacking. On the other hand, I was going to hang out with Evan. Right, Evan. Definitely called for more makeup. I stopped by the bathroom and added a bit of shadow and lip gloss, tossing the tube of gloss in my purse. On my way back down the hall, I checked on Mom. 
“Mom?” I whispered. She didn’t respond. Her back was to me, but she appeared to be asleep. I jotted a quick note in the kitchen and left it in the middle of the table.
“What took you so long?” Katie teased as I climbed in the backseat. 
Before I could answer, Evan spoke. “What are you talking about, Katie? She was ready way sooner then you ever are.” 
Katie stuck out her tongue. Evan ignored her.
“I hope you don’t mind,” Evan addressed me through the rearview mirror as he started out of the driveway, “but we’re meeting up with some other kids.”
“It’s kind of a tradition,” Katie added. “Just some friends from school.”
“No problem,” I said, although I wondered how many others would be there. I didn’t do well with crowds.
The drive to Halifax took about twenty minutes. Along the way, Katie peppered me with questions. I wanted to hear more about Evan, but in the end, all I could do was answer Katie. Where did I grow up? What was it like back home? What were my friends like? What did we do for fun? She went on and on.
“Katie,” Evan said after about the fifteenth question. “Give the girl a break!”
Katie pouted. “What else are we going to talk about?” She crossed her arms and turned to stare out the window.
When the silence ensued, Evan glanced in the mirror at me. “Thank you,” I mouthed when I caught his eye. 
“Welcome,” he mouthed back. 
We circled the parking lot a few times to find a spot. Beyond the building, which looked like a police station, I could see a Ferris wheel and a few other carnival rides. When I opened the car door, I smelled cotton candy and French fries. From the sound of things, at least two bands were playing. Rock n’ roll and country battled for volume, but they mingled pretty well together. 
Katie hooked her arm through mine and pulled me along. “We’re meeting everyone by the midway.” Evan trailed behind us.
Katie started waving as soon as she spotted her friends. A few waved back, so I knew where we were headed. There were four girls and three guys. It was a pretty big group, but I’d manage. Katie gave my arm a quick squeeze before letting go. 
“Hi everyone,” she said. “This is my new friend, Meara. She just moved here.”
A couple of kids muttered “hi” and a few waved. Katie introduced each of them, not that I would remember their names. The two girls standing closest to Katie—Val and Jen—seemed nice enough. From the way the three of them talked, I guessed they were best friends. 
“So, where should we start?” Jen asked.
The general consensus was food first, so we hit the concessions. Evan walked next me and leaned toward my ear. “Sorry about my sister in the car,” he apologized. “She can be a little overpowering.”
“It’s okay,” I said. “I’m sure I’ll get used to it.”
He laughed. “Really? When you learn the secret, let me know. I’ve been trying to figure her out for seventeen years.”
I thought maybe he would walk up next to his friends, who were leading the way, but he stayed at my side. One of the two other girls, I couldn’t remember her name, but she was a tall, skinny redhead, tried to get Evan’s attention. She asked him about hockey, and if he was playing in the fall. 
“You play hockey?” I asked him. I realized I knew very little about him yet. 
“He was the captain of the team last year,” the girl said as she smiled up at him and batted her eyelashes. Try a little harder, I couldn’t help thinking.
“I play,” he said. “I’m not sure if I’ll play in the fall or not.”
“You have too!” Flirty girl actually stomped her foot. I bit my lip to keep from laughing. She was too much. Evan caught my eye, and I knew he was thinking the same thing.
“How about pizza, guys?” Katie called back. Based on the murmurs of consent, we walked toward a pizza vendor.
“I want fries first,” Evan said. “How about you, Meara? Do you like fries?”
“Of course. Who doesn’t?” I was waiting for the redhead to gush about her love of fries, but she had already lost interest in Evan, flirting with one of his friends instead.
“You go ahead,” Evan said to Katie. “Meara and I will meet up with you all.”
Katie raised her eyebrow, but didn’t say anything. The group walked off, leaving us alone. He took my hand and pulled me in the opposite direction from their friends. “I saw fries back this way.”
There was a long line, but we got in it anyway. Next to the booth was a lemonade stand. One of those that advertised it was made with real lemons and fresh squeezed. That was always the first stop for Mom and me at the State Fair. Although, over time, the fresh squeezed gave way to freshly tapped. The last time we went, we joked that the only squeezed part was the lemon garnish that they added at the end to make it seem authentic. I hoped Mom was feeling better. I should have left her a sandwich or something.
“Are you okay?” Evan asked. I realized that I must have been frowning.
I smiled at him. “Sure. Why?”
“You just looked upset.” He studied my face, and I wanted to squirm. 
“Do you want lemonade?” I changed the subject. I didn’t want to talk about Mom.
“Okay.”
“I’ll get it while you wait for the fries,” I said. 
Evan reached for his wallet. 
“I got it,” I said.
He shook his head. “Let me pay.”
“Thanks.” My cheeks burned as I took his money. Was this a date? I wasn’t used to guys paying for me either. On the other hand, I might not have been able to use my money. I only had American bills. I needed to get it converted to Canadian money. 
The lemonade line was much shorter. When I returned with a cup in each hand, Evan had five more people in front of him. “Do you want to find us a place to sit?” he asked, motioning to the area behind the vendor’s trailer. I could see tables and chairs under a large tent.
“Good idea.” 
The seating area was crowded and, at first, I didn’t think I would find an open table, but an older couple looked like they were cleaning up empty plates.
“Is this table available?” I asked them.
The woman smiled sweetly at me. “Yes, dear. It’s all yours.”
I thanked them and set the lemonades down. Before I sat, I turned my chair to watch for Evan, so I could stand and wave if he didn’t see me. There was no need; he spotted me right away. 
“I didn’t think I’d ever get through that line,” he said as he sat down. I looked at the plate he set on the table.
“What’s that?”
“Fries.” He gave me a strange look. “You did want fries, right?”
“What’s on top?” The fries were covered with globs of cheese and some kind of brown sauce. I’d never seen anything like it.
“It’s Poutine,” he said, as if that explained everything.
“The ‘poo’ I get. Looks like the diapers I changed babysitting.”
He laughed and nudged the plate at me. “Try it.”
“How do you eat these things?” I didn’t see how I could pick up a fry without getting covered in messy goo.
“With a fork.” He handed me one. I could tell he was trying not to laugh.
“Thank you.” I delicately stabbed a fry with cheese. They were both covered in the sauce. With reluctance, I tasted it. Salty, cheesy, and crispy. “Not bad.”
“Not bad?” He took a huge bite. “These are great.”
I ate another one. It wasn’t as good as the sour cream and chive fries back home. How could anything compete with sour cream and chives? The lemonade tasted fresh squeezed. It wasn’t the watered-down version most fairs sold.
“What do you think of Canada so far?” Evan asked between mouthfuls.
I had just popped a fry in my mouth, so I chewed thoughtfully before answering. “It’s better than I thought, but I miss my friends.”
“I bet. Senior year in a new school. That’s gotta suck.” 
I tried to think of something else to talk about. “Where are you going in the fall?” I asked. I hoped it was somewhere close.
“University of King’s College, do you know it?” When I shook my head, he added. “It’s in Halifax. They have a great Marine Biology program.”
“That’s what you want to do?”
“Since I was a kid,” he said. “I love the ocean. How about you?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I have a year to decide, right?” I tried to make a joke out of it, but it came out sounding dumb. Evan didn’t seem to think anything of it.
“You’ll figure it out,” he said.
“Hi Evan.” I looked up to see a girl standing by our table with her arms crossed. Great. Another fan. Only this one could give Barbie some competition. Her long, brown hair was a mass of stylish curls, but her dark eyes blazed. She did not look happy to see Evan with me.
“Jessica.” Evan nodded at her, but didn’t move from his chair.
“Who’s this?” Jessica jerked her head in my direction. 
“I’m Meara,” I said, emphasizing the I’m. Who talked in front of someone like they weren’t even there?
“Nice to meet you,” she said, although her expression clearly told me she did not find anything nice about it. “Evan, can I talk to you privately?”
“Not now,” Evan said. “Meara and I are going on the Ferris wheel.”
Evan stood and offered me his hand. As I took it, he squeezed mine. Jessica didn’t see it, but I got the message—play along. I nodded and smiled. “Oh, yeah. I love Ferris wheels.”
In reality, my stomach flipped as I said it. I hated Ferris wheels. 
Evan led me away from Jessica, who looked ready to scream. She apparently doesn’t get turned down much.
“Old girlfriend?” I guessed.
“Sorry,” Evan said. He dropped my hand once we were out of Jessica’s sight, and I fought the urge to grab his back. “We don’t have to go on the Ferris wheel if you don’t want to.”
“Good.”
He laughed. “Don’t like the Ferris wheel?”
“I hate heights,” I admitted. “But, I like the Tilt-A-Whirl.”
“Me, too.”
The Tilt-A-Whirl turned out to be the perfect ride. Thanks to gravity, I spent the entire time pressed against Evan’s side, both of us laughing. He took my hand to help me down and didn’t let go. 
“Want to try some games?” he asked.
“Sure.” 
We played three games, and neither of us won. The next game was one where you threw darts to pop balloons. Evan was good at it. It took him two tries, but he won a pink teddy bear and gave it to me.
I hugged it to my chest. It was silly, but I liked it anyway. “Thanks.”
We shared cotton candy and rode the Tilt-A-Whirl again. “Should we find Katie and your friends?” I asked. I felt bad, like I was keeping him from them.
He pointed to the Ferris wheel. “I spotted them already. They’re in line.”
“Oh.” I was not going on the Ferris wheel, but Katie saw us and motioned to come over. We joined them.
“Want to ride with us?” she asked.
Evan answered for me. “Meara doesn’t like Ferris wheels.” 
Katie scowled at him, but then her face brightened. “That’s okay. You ride in my place. I saw a fortune teller. C’mon, Meara. Let’s get our fortunes read.”
It was better than the Ferris wheel, though maybe not much. “We’ll meet you back here,” I told Evan as Katie pulled me away.
“Your friends don’t want to come?” I asked her.
“Nah,” she said. “They teased me and said it’s a bunch of hooey.”
I agreed with her friends, but I didn’t say anything. I could play along. She led us to a small, purple tent. A hand-painted sandwich board sat near the entrance: Madam Tresola—Palm Reading, Tarot Cards, and Psychic Energies…Fortunes Foretold!
Katie stopped outside the entrance and linked her arm through mine. “Let’s go in together.”
“Gurlz,” a heavily accented voice called to us from the dark tent. When my eyes adjusted, an ancient woman of skin and bones stood before us. Her magnified eyes peered at us behind thick glasses. I’d never seen so many folds and wrinkles in a face. A scarlet scarf covered her head, with a few white ringlets of hair escaping near her bejeweled ears. Bracelets jangled on both wrists, and richly toned scarves of sapphire, emerald, and ruby draped every surface in the tent, including Madam Tresola herself. For someone so tiny, she was an imposing figure. I fought the urge to flee.
“Pleeze, seet.” She gestured to the chairs across from her. We sat, and she nodded her approval. She reached across the table to Katie.
“Do you want my hand?” Katie asked.
“Pay first,” Madam Tresola ordered. Although her voice was low and gritty, it held power. Katie obeyed and handed her some bills. 
“I paid for you, too,” she told me. “My treat.”
“Thanks.”
“Now, hand,” Madam Tresola barked. Katie held out her hand, palm up. Madam Tresola gripped it between both of hers, turning it over and back, then tracing the lines in Katie’s palm.
“You are strong gurl. You get vhat you vant. You marry handsome man. Raise strong cheeldren. Is good.” She patted Katie’s hand. “You have good life.”
“That’s it?” Katie asked.
“Vhat you vant? Eez good fortune!” Madam Tresola huffed out a breath, and then gestured impatiently for my hand. I held it out, and she wrapped it in her own. Her hands were surprisingly firm and warm. My hand tingled in her grip. I wondered if Katie felt the same thing. If so, she didn’t say anything. My entire hand pulsed as a strange energy flowed up my arm and across my chest. My ears filled with a loud pounding, and I tasted salt.
“Very unusual,” Madam Tresola murmured. “I not seen palm like yours een long time.” She traced the line that ran from the side of my hand down past my wrist. “You vill live long life, but not easy von.”
That didn’t sound promising.
“There is beeg change in your future…sadness.” 
“My mom? Will she be okay?”
Madam Tresola’s eyes softened with sympathy. “I not see fortunes of others. Only you. Understand?”
I nodded. She angled my hand back and forth. Her face solemn. “I see joy, too. You are greatly loved.”
She touched a mark near my ring finger. It looked like a star. “Your destiny.” She looked at me expectantly. I waited for her to say more, but she released my hand. The absence of her touch was like a slap of cold.
“It vas a pleasure to meet you.” She stood and bowed to us. Katie, who was clearly bored and not impressed by Madam’s performance, now sported a French braid. 
“Thanks,” she said as she left the tent.
I stood for a moment and looked at Madam Tresola. Was it my imagination, or did she seem like she wanted to tell me something else? 
“Good luck, Meara.”
“Thanks? Uh…goodbye, Madam Tresola.”
Katie pounced on me as soon as I stepped out of the tent. “Wow, is she a crackpot or what?” I shrugged, so she continued. “I bet she tells everyone that mumbo jumbo.”
“I dunno—could be.” I thought about the feeling of energy that flowed from her. “What did you feel when she held your hand?”
“Wrinkles and bones. She’s so old.”
“Anything else?”
“No. Why?”
“Nothing.”
We found Evan and the rest of the group hanging out in the middle of the midway. It was getting late, so we said goodbye. Evan and Katie dropped me off at home, and I thanked them for taking me. It wasn’t until much later that I realized I never gave Madam Tresola my name.



That night, I dreamed of David again, but instead of standing near the shore, we were by the lighthouse. He sat next to me on the cold, stone steps, our backs against the weathered, oak door. We didn’t talk above the thunderous waves breaking on the rocks. A light, salty spray misted my skin, and I tasted the brine on my lips. I was content to sit and listen. My ears pounded with the tidal beat, and I began to hear voices speaking in the rhythm—jump in, go now, come to us, we’re waiting. 
Was I losing my mind? Panicked, I looked at David. He watched me carefully. “You hear them.” He nodded to the sea.
“Yes,” I said. Then, “Who are they?”
“They are us. We are them. You will meet them in time, but it’s best that you try to ignore them for now.” He reached for my hand. “They will grow more persistent.”
His hand felt warm and calloused, not uncomfortable, but certainly not welcomed. What kind of response was that? Irritated, I tried to pull my hand out of his. He squeezed mine once, and then released it. I waited for more explanation, but he was silent. 
“That was cryptic,” I muttered. “What does it mean?”
“When you’re ready to know, I’ll tell you.” He raised his hand to brush some stray hairs off my forehead. I leaned back sharply, my agitation growing. What right did he have to talk to me in riddles, and then try to play the affectionate father? In pulling away, I noticed the angry red gash on his hand. 
“What happened to you?” I asked, momentarily forgetting my anger and reaching for his hand. He pulled it out of my grasp and hid it at his side.
“It’s nothing,” he said. “I was careless. That’s all.”
Was this man going to tell me anything of value? I let it go, for the time being, and switched topics. “Why are you here?” I asked instead.
“For you,” he said simply. “For your mom.”
“Does Mom know that you’re here?”
“Not yet,” he said, giving me a wry smile. “Though I imagine you’ll tell her.”
“Why would I do that? This is just a dream.” 
He raised an eyebrow at me, but didn’t say anything. I was dreaming, right?
After a moment, he shrugged. “Whatever you say. You can tell your mom when you’re ready. I’m not going anywhere for the time being.” He offered his uninjured hand and, this time, I took it. He pulled me to my feet. “Walk with me?”
We walked along the shore, the voices softened to a murmur, the words indistinguishable. David pointed out various constellations in the sky and told me stories about them. I relaxed and listened to his rich, melodic voice. He was in the middle of a tale about Cassiopeia when I interrupted.
“Why did you leave?”
“I had to,” he said. Why wouldn’t he meet my eyes?
“That’s not a good enough reason,” I pushed, asking again. “Why?”
After more silence, he finally looked down at me. His eyes were sad and ancient. “It’s my nature, Meara. It’s who I am. I cannot stay here long.”
“What do you mean—your nature?”
“I can’t tell you that,” he said.
“Why not?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
I screamed in frustration. “Why do you even bother talking at all? Nothing you say means anything or makes sense.”
“It will,” he said. “I promise.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t know what that means.” I crossed my arms and glared at him. I wished the dream would end. I pinched my arm and tried to wake myself up. The pain shocked me.
David saw and laughed. I was about to tell him to get the heck out of my dreams when a barking commotion near the shore caught my attention. I turned from David to see three seals on the rocks. Two were small with reddish-brown fur, and one was large and light gray. They appeared to be playing. There were seals in Canada? I had only seen them at the zoo.
“Do you see that?” I whispered to David, not wanting to scare them. The seals weren’t too far away from us. David didn’t answer. I looked back to find him scowling at the seals.
“They are not supposed to be here,” he muttered.
“No doubt,” I agreed. “I didn’t know seals lived here.”
“They do,” he said. “In abundance, too.”
“Oh…cool.” It was dark and hard to see, so I took a step toward them to get a better look. David grabbed my arm and turned me to him. He kissed my forehead and said, “Sleep well, Meara.”
I woke to the sun beaming in my eyes. I felt great, and it actually took a few minutes before my dreams or vision, or whatever it was, came back to me. It wasn’t until I was standing in the bathroom and brushing my hair that I thought of my dad—um, David. In my dream, he seemed so fatherly, like he cared about me. It didn’t make sense. Where had he been all these years?
***
I found Grandpa Jamie alone in the kitchen, reading his paper at the table. He didn’t look up as I came into the room, opening the refrigerator to find a drink. He must have realized I was there, however, because when I sat across from him, he cracked the paper and wished me a good morning.
“Morning,” I said. “Where are Grandma Mary and Mom?”
“They’re in the garage,” he answered from behind his wall of newspaper. “I think they’re bartering on the rest of your things. What stays and what goes.”
“Where would it go?” I asked.
“Donated, I s’pose,” he said, unconcerned. “We certainly can’t keep it all here. I can barely walk through the house right now.”
I didn’t have plans for the day. Taking a long drag from my Diet Coke, I stood up. “I’m going out to help them.”
Grandpa Jamie peered at me over the top of the paper, raising one bushy, white eyebrow. “Suit yourself,” he said. “But I’m staying far away.”
“Why?”
“You didn’t live in the same house with those two women for nineteen years.” He shook his head and went back to reading his paper. I sat back down and watched him read. It was my first real opportunity to sit with him since the night we arrived. He worked long hours, leaving before sunrise and returning late at night. Though his skin was tan and weathered, smile lines softened his face. Today, he wore a pair of silver-rimmed reading glasses. At some point, they must have slipped to the bridge of his nose. He hadn’t bothered to push them back up. 
“What are you doing today?” I asked.
He folded the paper, set it to the side, and took off his glasses. “Why? Aren’t you going outside now? Did I change your mind?” His eyes twinkled, so I knew he was teasing. I shrugged and he laughed, adding, “I’m going to the docks.”
“On your day off?” Didn’t he want a break?
“I’m a fisherman,” he explained. “I don’t get a day off. At any rate, the DFO was questioning my team yesterday, and we didn’t get a lot done.”
“DFO?”
“Department of Fisheries and Oceans…uh, I think maybe you call it the Department of Natural Resources?”
“Okay,” I said. “Why was the DFO questioning you?”
“Some drunken tourists were playing around near the boats late Thursday night. They managed to make a mess of the nets and traps. They also tormented some poor seal with a harpoon.”
“Is it okay?”
“Don’t know.” When I just looked at him, confused, he explained. “There was a lot of blood, but when we tried to get close to it, it dove into the water.”
“Does this happen a lot?”
“No, but it’s not the first time,” he grumbled. “Damn tourists. Think they own the town. At least the DFO nailed them. Found ‘em passed out in their car a little ways down the beach. Stupid fools.”
“If the DFO found them, why did they talk to you?”
“They asked if we were going to press charges, too.”
“Will you?” I asked.
“No.” He rubbed his forehead. “Nothing was damaged beyond repair. Those boys will be in enough trouble without me adding to it.”
I liked my grandfather. He worked hard, and he was fair minded. “Can I come with you?” I asked. I realized I wanted to get to know him better.
He looked at me thoughtfully. “If you want to, you can. I’ll put you to work. Ask my team, I put anyone to work who has a pulse and is standing on my pier.” I thought of Evan, and my heart skipped. It was Saturday, so he might not be there, but I was betting he was. “You’ll want to change,” Grandpa Jamie continued. “Put on something you don’t mind getting dirty. And tennis shoes. No sandals.”
“When are we leaving?”
“Can you be ready in fifteen minutes?”
I grabbed an apple from the bowl on the counter and ran from the room, calling back, “You bet!”
I changed in about ten minutes, but Grandpa Jamie was already waiting in his pickup truck with the engine running when I came out. My mom and grandmother were standing in the front yard, our old vacuum between them. Mom turned and looked at me. Her hair was mussed from running her fingers through it, something she did when she was irritated. Grandma Mary was counting off on one hand all the reasons why our vacuum, which was clearly more modern that hers, was not worth keeping. Stupid as it sounded, Mom loved that vacuum. She spent months researching the perfect model to buy. Grandpa Jamie was right. It was time to get going.
I kissed my mom on the cheek. “Bye, Mom. I’m going to help Grandpa Jamie for a few hours today.”
“Dad?” my mom called, ignoring me for a moment. “Is it safe?”
“It’ll be fine, Sharon,” he called. “You worry too much.”
“Hmph.” Grandpa Jamie’s response did not help her irritation level. She managed a smile for me. “Have fun. Be safe.”
“I will.” I hugged her. She looked like she needed it. “See you later.”
I walked over and started climbing in the cab when mom called my name. “Yes?” I said, half turning.
“I want to hear about your new friends later,” she said. “I tried to stay up and wait for you, but I was just too tired.”
“We’ll talk tonight,” I said. Mom and I talked about everything. The few times I did go on dates, I always came home and talked to her about it. For some reason, I wanted to keep Evan to myself. I smiled at her in reassurance.
“I’ll hold you to it,” she teased and waved me off before turning back to Grandma Mary. I climbed in the truck, and we drove away.
***
It was a short drive. The buildings near the docks—they were more like shacks—stood crookedly, their weathered, gray wood sagging from Mother Nature’s brutal torment. In contrast, most of the boats gleamed in bright whites and brilliant primary colors, clearly the pride of their owners. Two or three boats were tethered to each pier, and a few appeared empty this Saturday morning. I didn’t know which boats belonged to Grandpa Jamie, so I followed him closely, quickening my pace to keep up with his long stride. He didn’t say anything to me as we walked, and I was about to ask him which was his when he stopped in front of the longest pier. It had two boats on the left side, one on the right, and one tied on the end. 
Grandpa Jamie strode down the pier and stopped at the last boat. I pulled up right behind him, peering around his right side. He was broad enough that I didn’t feel safe standing next to him; the pier was narrow. There was one man kneeling on the deck of the boat, his back to us as he tore out a broken board. He wore a baseball cap on his head, his white t-shirt tucked in the back pocket of his cargo pants. His muscles rippled, and his skin glistened from the heat and the labor. 
“What’s the status?” Grandpa Jamie demanded, and the man jerked. Clearly, he did not hear us approach. When he turned and stood, I swallowed in surprise. Evan. 
Evan relaxed against the sideboard and smiled at me before addressing Grandpa Jamie. “Good morning to you, too. Thanks for the heart attack.”
“You’re young,” Grandpa Jamie grunted. “You’ll get over it.” He nodded at the boat. “How is she?”
“Damage is minimal.” Evan pointed to the board he was replacing, and three others he had clearly just nailed down. “This deck got the worst of it. I’m about ready to sand and paint.”
Grandpa Jamie pulled me forward. I think he meant to be gentle, but I almost tumbled into the boat. I caught myself just in time. He didn’t seem to notice. “That sounds like the perfect job for you,” he said. “Evan, can you show Meara what’s needed?”
Evan grinned. “Absolutely.”
Grandpa Jamie scratched his head, his eyes already scanning the other three boats and the rest of his team. As an afterthought, he asked, “You’ve met each other before, right?”
Evan’s grin widened. “Briefly.” I took a sudden interest in the anchor as my cheeks burned. Once again, Grandpa Jamie didn’t notice.
“Good…good,” he said absentmindedly. He was already walking away.
Evan held out his hand to help me into the boat. I took it and climbed in carefully. My sea legs were far from developed. I’d only been on a boat twice, and both times were with Kim’s family. The summer before eighth grade, they invited me to their cabin in Minocqua, Wisconsin. They vacationed there every summer. That week I got violently sick both times I was on the boat. I was miserable. Kim and her family were sympathetic, but they never invited me back. 
“You just couldn’t stay away from all this, could you?” Evan teased, gesturing to himself. I rolled my eyes and laughed. He rewarded me with a dimpled grin before turning to pick something up from his pile of tools. It looked like a small, wooden block.
“How are your sanding skills?” he asked.
“Nonexistent?” I answered, adding, “I’ve never done it, but how hard can it be?”
“It’s not,” he said, handing me the tool, “but there is a definite technique. Here, I’ll show you.” He wrapped his fingers around my wrist and guided me down until we were kneeling side by side in front of the board he just installed. He covered my hand with his and said, “You want to maintain an even pressure and move with the grain, not against it.”
I moved the block back and forth a few times, my hand under his. My blood pounded in my ear, so loud he could probably hear it. His hand was warm and firm on mine. Stay cool, I told myself. I looked over at him and asked, “Like this?”
His eyes fixed on mine. He didn’t move his hand. “Perfect,” he said, as his gaze moved to my lips. I swallowed.
“How’s she doing?” Grandpa Jamie called from the boat next to ours. We jerked apart.
“Fine,” Evan called back, getting to his feet. To me, he said, “I’ll go and get the paint.”
Sanding was kind of relaxing. I took comfort in the repetitive nature of it. The sun was hot on my back, but it felt good. I always soaked it up in the summer, knowing that I would be wishing for some of its warmth in the dead of winter.
Icy cold water dripped on my shoulder and made me jump. I looked up to the source and saw Evan holding out a water bottle. “Sorry for startling you,” he said. “I thought you might be thirsty.”
“Thanks.” I opened the cap and downed half the bottle. I didn’t realize how thirsty I had gotten. “Did you get the paint?”
Evan held up one gallon of paint and two brushes in response. “Is the sanding done?”
“Almost.” I pointed to the last board. “I just have that one to finish.”
“Okay.” Evan set the paint supplies down near the boards I’d already sanded. “I’ll get started then, and you can join me when you’re done.”
I finished sanding as fast as I could, and then went over by Evan. He smiled and handed me a paintbrush. “You’ve painted before, right?”
“A little.” Mom and I had painted the kitchen in our old house. I didn’t tell him about the mess we made in the process. We were covered in paint, but laughing when we were done.
“Why’d you come here today?” Evan asked. 
I shrugged and dipped my brush in the paint.
“Just a little,” Evan cautioned as he watched me.
“I just wanted to hang with my grandfather a bit, I guess.”
“Is it hard?”
“What?”
“Getting to know them?”
“No…yes…I don’t know. It’s weird. I don’t understand why we never visited them or why they didn’t come see us.”
“Yeah. That’s a little strange, although I can guess why they didn’t come see you.”
I looked at Evan and waited for his answer. His eyes took in the boats surrounding us before he gestured with his paintbrush. “This takes year round dedication. Your grandfather can’t leave.”
“Sounds hard,” I said. Evan returned his brush to the paint bucket. In his haste, droplets of paint flew, and one landed on my nose. Evan started laughing before brushing it off with the sleeve of his shirt.
“Sorry about that.” He grinned at me, but it soon faltered. Once again, I was locked in his gaze. We leaned toward each other. He brushed a strand of hair back from my face and tucked it behind me ear. “Meara?”
“Yes?”
“Do you want to go to dinner?”
“Tonight?”
“Yeah.”
“With you?” I asked, realizing that was an incredibly stupid thing to ask.
Evan grinned again. “Yeah. That would be the general idea.”
“Okay.”



I took my time getting ready, applying makeup and a bit of my favorite perfume. I brushed my hair, contemplating putting it up, but decided to leave it down. When I finished getting ready, I sat back on my bed and tried to concentrate on the latest mystery I was reading. It didn’t work. I stared outside instead. It was pitch black and rain pelted the long wall of windows in my room. About an hour after we got home, the skies went from overcast to ominous gray to pitch black before the clouds broke. It down poured for over twenty minutes, and I wondered how bad the driving conditions were. 
The doorbell rang. I waited, holding my breath, until Grandma Mary called, “Meara! Evan’s here to see you!”
I stood, smoothed my shirt, and tucked my hair behind my ear. I didn’t want to seem too anxious. When I came around the corner, he was standing in the living room talking to my mom. He looked fantastic in dark jeans and a bright red polo.
“Hi,” I said. I hated the way my voice sounded all breathy and weak, but Evan didn’t seem to mind. 
His smile just widened. “Hi yourself.”
It was about then that I realized we had three sets of eyes on us, observing our every move and every word. They were wearing identical “I-told-you-she’d-go-for-him” expressions, too. 
“Do you have a raincoat?” Evan asked.
“Um, no.” I thought of my windbreaker. It would be drenched in two minutes in this weather. 
Evan held out a purple and turquoise raincoat. “It’s Katie’s, so I’m sure it’ll fit.” 
I slipped my arms in. “Where’s yours?” I asked.
“By the door. I didn’t want to get the floor wet.” 
“How thoughtful,” Grandma Mary said, and I bit my cheek to keep from laughing. Evan went to put his raincoat on. He was right, of course, as there was a puddle of rainwater on the hallway tile beneath it.
“Do you have a mop I can use?” Evan asked.
Grandma Mary waved us off. “I’ll clean it up. You kids have fun. Be safe.”
“I’ll have Meara back at a decent hour,” Evan said.
If anyone replied, I didn’t hear it.
The rain was pouring down in sheets, and I was glad he had my hand. I had no idea how we were going to see to drive anywhere. When we got to the car, Evan dropped my hand, shouting, “Sorry, this is an exception I make to the door opening rule. Get in as fast as you can!”
I maneuvered fast and shut the door, slipping off the hood of the raincoat. The car smelled a bit like salami. “What’s that smell?” I asked.
“Sandwiches,” Evan said and grinned. “It’s too crappy outside to drive anywhere far, so I thought I’d bring the date to you. Let’s drive to the lighthouse. It’s close, and we’ll get a little privacy.”
My heartbeat picked up considerably when he mentioned privacy. What did he have planned for the evening? He was cute and all, but I barely knew him. If Evan sensed my nervousness, he didn’t say anything. Music played softly, but otherwise the drive was quiet. Visibility was poor. I didn’t want to distract him.
When we reached the small parking lot of the lighthouse, Evan shut off the car. The rain pelted the roof of the car. The parking lot lights revealed we were the only car there. Go figure.
“You’re right about the privacy part,” I commented. Evan grinned and reached into the backseat, pulling out a bag of chips, two subs, and a couple of Cokes. He handed them to me, then he leaned behind my seat and picked up a small, black case. Evan winked as he unzipped it, and I realized what it was. “We’re going to watch a movie in your car?”
Evan frowned. “That’s okay, right?”
“Sure,” I said. “What are we seeing?”
“Goonies. I hope you don’t mind. I have a thing for old movies.”
“I love that one!” It was one of mom’s favorites, so we watched it often when I was growing up. The food was in my lap. Evan took one of the sandwiches and nodded to the other.
“They’re the same. I didn’t know what you like, so I just got ham and turkey.”
“Sounds good to me,” I said. “Thanks.” I unwrapped my sandwich and bit in. Evan did the same. He opened the bag of chips and laid it on the seat between us. We watched the movie and laughed at the same parts. The windows steamed up, and the rain pelted down. It was the most crazy, romantic date ever.
The rain began to let up just as the movie ended. Evan drove back to my grandparents’ house and parked. With the dome light on, I helped him gather all the empty wrappers. Between us, we had polished off the chips. 
“It’s nice to see a girl with an appetite,” he teased.
I rolled my eyes. “You ate most of them.”
He reached for a strand of my hair, twirling it on his finger. “I had a good time.” 
“Me, too.” My voice sounded quiet and a bit shaky. Was he going to kiss me? Should I say something else? Just as I was about to spout something stupid out of nervousness, Evan leaned across the seat and kissed me. It was light and fast. His lips tasted salty, like the chips. 
“Is it too much to ask to see you again tomorrow? I know it’s Sunday, and I have to work, but only a half day. I can come by after, if that’s okay.”
I nodded, unable to speak for a moment. “I’d like that,” I finally managed to croak.
He slid his hand along my hair once last time, and then he reached over me to open my door. “Goodnight, Meara.”
“Night, Evan.”
The rain continued to fall, though softer now. I was about to shut the door, when I remembered Katie’s raincoat. I went to shrug it off, but Evan shook his head.
“Keep it. She’s got about three more. You’ll need it. Rains a lot in these parts.”
“Then I’ll look forward to more movie nights.”
I heard his laughter as I shut the door. I couldn’t believe I just said that! But he did already ask me out on another date. Living in Canada wasn’t turning out to be such a bad thing. Nope, not at all.
Mom was curled up on the couch when I came in. She opened her eyes, blinked twice, and stretched. “Did you have fun?” 
“Yeah. We did.” Hanging the coat in the hall, I joined her on the couch. I snuggled up and rested my head on her shoulder. She smelled like her usual shampoo and gardenias. It reminded me of so many similar moments that I felt myself relax.
“So?”
“We drove to the lighthouse and watched a movie in the car.”
Mom sat up a bit and looked at me. “Really?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s interesting.”
“It was fun.”
She gave me a quick hug. “Do you like it here?”
“It’s not bad.”
“I’m not a horrible mother for bringing you here?”
I laughed at the voice she used. It was the voice she used for the Big Bad Wolf and all the other villains in my childhood books. “No, you’re not a bad mother.”
She gently pushed me up and turned to face me on the couch. She looked almost sad, certainly serious
“I start my cancer treatments on Monday,” she said. “In Halifax. Would you mind driving me?”
“Of course, Mom.”
“We’ll be there for a few hours.”
“No problem. I’ll bring a book and my laptop.”
“Thanks, honey.” She gave me a kiss on the cheek and stood up. “I’m going to bed. It’s pretty late.”
“What time?” I asked. When she looked at me blankly, I added. “Monday. What time do we need to leave?”
“Probably about nine.”
“Ok. Night, Mom.”




"Sharon Quinn?” An elderly nurse with brassy red hair stood in the doorway, a clipboard in hand.
“Should I come in with you?” I asked.
Mom patted my knee. “No, honey, I’ll be okay. Just wait for me here.”
I leaned forward and sifted through a stack of magazines on the table. Most were from last year and looked rather sad with soft, torn covers.
“That your mum?” I looked up to find a girl sitting across from me. I hadn’t noticed her before. Her coppery curls fell past her shoulders, and her nose was splattered with freckles of the same shade. She eyed me with wide, green eyes. She looked about my age, but she wore bell-bottom jeans and a Bob Marley t-shirt.
“Yeah,” I said and sat back. None of the magazines interested me.
“First time here?” she asked. Her voice lilted. Was she Irish? When I nodded in reply, she said, “That’s rough.”
“What about you?” I asked. “Why are you here?”
“Me mum,” she said. “Like you.” She inclined her head toward the door where my mom had gone. “She’s in there now.”
I didn’t know what to say to that, so I changed the subject. “I’m Meara,” I said as I extended my hand. She looked at it briefly before she shook it. 
“Nice to meet you. I’m Ula.” She gave me a tentative smile. Her name was so unique. She pronounced it Oo-la. “Do you want to see something?”
Curious, I asked, “What?”
“Er, rather, somewhere.” When I hesitated, her eyes filled with understanding. “It will be hours before she’s done. Trust me. We’ll be back here in plenty of time.”
She stood up and threw her brown leather backpack over one shoulder. Her jacket was army green and frayed on the edges. Her entire outfit looked like something from 1970.
“Where you’d find such vintage clothes?” I asked as I hitched my own backpack on my own shoulder and followed her to the exit.
She looked down at her outfit. A look of surprise crossed her face before her checks tinged pink. “Oh, you know. Shopping.”
“Are there good resale shops nearby?”
“Um. Yes? Uh. No?” She sighed. “I don’t know actually. I got this in Ireland.”
I should have figured good vintage clothes would be from somewhere else. I loved old t-shirts. Hers rocked. “Are you from there then?”
“Around there, yes.” She beamed at me. “Have you ever been?”
“No,” I said. “This is my first time out of the United States.”
“Is that where you were…um, from?” she asked. We were crossing the parking lot now, walking to the park next door.
“Yes. Wisconsin,” I said. “Have you been there?”
“No,” she said. “I’ve never been there. Is it nice?”
“I liked it,” I answered distractedly. A rhythmic beat pounded in my ear, and my mouth filled with a brackish taste. My senses sharpened as my nerves were soothed.
“Meara?” Ula was watching me closely, a worried look on her face.
“Did you ask me something?” I focused on her face. The noise subsided slightly.
“Do you like it here?” she asked.
“I do,” I said. “Where are we going?”
She grinned at me and skipped a little. “I found this spot here. You won’t believe it. We can sit near the ocean.”
“The hospital is that close?”
“I was surprised too.” She took my hand and squeezed it. “I like to come here. I hope you do. It’s nice to have a friend.”
“It’s been lonely, huh?” I felt bad for her. I couldn’t imagine just sitting in that waiting room, day after day. That would have happened to me, too, if Ula hadn’t come along.
“It has,” she said. “But not anymore, right?”
A narrow path led us down to the coastline. We sat on flat rocks about five feet above the water. Close enough that a slight mist filled the air when the waves broke, but high enough not to get wet.
Ula used her backpack as a backrest. She leaned back and crossed her legs at the ankles. Her face was serene. “I love it here. It calms me.”
She stared up at me as if wondering what I thought. I looked at the water. It was wild and frothy, nothing calming about it. I couldn’t see anything but whitecaps on the horizon. “Is it always this rough?” I asked.
“Usually,” she said. “If you want peaceful, try the Pacific. The Atlantic? She’s all feisty and fierce.”
I laughed. “You talk about the ocean like a person.”
Ula quirked a red eyebrow at me. “In many ways, she is.”
“I suppose.” I dropped down onto the rock next to her, crossed my legs, and rested my arms on my knees. “It’s all new to me.”
“You’ve never been in the water before?” Ula asked.
I shrugged my shoulder. “Lakes, but never the ocean.”
Ula leaned close. “And, I’ve never been in a lake.”
“No?”
“No,” she confirmed. She leaned back against her pack again. “We’re quite a pair then, aren’t we?”
“Do you go to school here?” I asked. I liked her, and it would be nice to have another friend at school.
“I’m homeschooled,” she said, almost as though she was apologizing. “We move a lot.”
“I bet that’s rough.”
Ula studied me for a minute. “It’s okay. After all, I get to meet all kinds of interesting people. Like you.”
I shook my head. “I’m not that interesting.”
Ula looked surprised. “Yes, you are.”
She said it with such conviction that I almost asked her what she knew that I didn’t. In the end, I just laughed. “You apparently don’t get out much.”
She looked like she was going to argue with me, but she laughed instead. “Maybe you’re right.”
We stayed at the park for several hours. The path down to the water was nearly impossible to spot. Wispy vegetation and leafy trees camouflaged the opening. I was surprised Ula ever found it, but then again, she had plenty of time to explore while her mom received treatment. No one joined us all morning, and the seclusion was calming.
“Do you want a sandwich?” Ula held something wrapped in wax paper out to me. “I brought two.”
“Why two?”
“I never know how long I’ll be here.” 
“Oh.” I hadn’t thought to bring anything with me this morning. I took the package from her. “Thanks.”
“It’s vegetarian,” she said. “I hope you don’t mind. I don’t eat meat.”
“No problem. Thank you.”
It was good. Cucumbers, sprouts, tomatoes, and shredded carrots with a hummus spread. 
“Water?” Ula handed me a bottle.
“Thanks,” I said. “I forgot that, too.”
“It was your first time,” she said. “You’ll remember next time.”
“Let’s hope so!”
We both laughed. Ula stuffed all the wrappers back in her bag and then stood.
“I’m sure me mum’s almost done,” she said.
“Of course,” I said. “Thank you again, Ula. You made what could have been a long, boring day fun.”
Ula looked pleased. “My pleasure.”
We returned to the hospital, and I excused myself to use the restroom. When I got back to the waiting room, Ula was already gone. Her mom must have been waiting for her. Hopefully she wasn’t waiting too long, and Ula didn’t get in trouble.
Resuming my previous spot, I pulled out my book and waited for my mom. I was in a much better mood. I had a new friend and a secret hangout spot.
***
“You’ll be okay?” Mom asked. She tried to sound calm, but I heard the anxiety in her voice. Sitting on her bed, I watched her pack. It was hard to believe that yesterday I waited for her at the clinic and, today, in a few hours, she would fly to Toronto for the rest of the week. Dr. Stahlman was sending her to a cancer research institute. Some of Mom’s test results concerned him. 
“I’ll be fine,” I said. “Will you?” She worried about me, but I had my grandparents, Katie, and Evan. She was the one who would be alone.
She managed a wry smile. “I’ll survive, I think, under the constant attention of medical staff. Don’t worry about me.” She finished packing and sat next to me, a slight frown on her face. I knew the look. It meant she wanted to tell me something serious—something that had been bothering her. 
“Talk to your grandparents, okay?” she asked. It was not what I expected her to say. “I know you’re just getting to know Evan, and you like him. And, I like him, too, but it would mean a lot to your grandparents if you spent time with them.”
“Okay, Mom,” I promised. “I will.”
“Good.” She looked at her watch, kissed my cheek, and stood. “I better get going. You never know how long it will take to get through security.”
I stood and walked her to her car, carrying the suitcase. She kissed me again and promised to call daily with updates. I held back the tears as I watched her drive away. 



The first night without Mom, I ate dinner with my grandparents. Grandma Mary made us fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and corn on the cob. The food tasted delicious. I could tell that my grandparents tried hard to make things comfortable. Grandpa Jamie was rarely even home for dinner. He usually got back after sunset.
“So, Meara,” Grandma Mary asked. “What do you like to do for fun?”
“I read, shop, listen to music, you know, the usual things. Oh, and I like emailing and texting friends, blogging, and posting pictures. ”
“Oh?” Grandma Mary’s eyes widened a bit. I think she was searching for something to say. She finally settled for, “That’s interesting.” 
I bit my cheek to keep from laughing. I hadn’t seen my grandmother use the computer yet. I think it was a bit out of her comfort zone.
“I see that you and Even seem to be getting along.” She said this nonchalantly, but I knew she was fishing for information.
“Yes, he’s nice,” I answered blandly, taking a bite of my chicken so I didn’t have to say more. I chewed slowly.
“You should have seen the repairs they made to my boat. She hasn’t looked that good in years.” Grandpa Jamie winked at me as he took another bite of potato.
“Have there been any more problems with tourists?” I asked.
“Not since that last group,” he said. “And they got a hefty fine. I don’t think they’ll be making trouble again soon.”
Thankfully, Grandma Mary did not bring up Evan again. She asked about my friends, school, and life in Wisconsin. I answered these ‘safe’ questions happily, probably going into more detail than necessary…my grandfather stifled a yawn one or two times. After dinner, I was so relieved to be excused that I offered to do all the dishes. Grandma Mary looked pleased. They both settled in the den—Grandpa Jamie to read the paper and watch television, and Grandma Mary to work on crossword puzzles. 
When I finished the dishes, I told my grandparents I was going out to get some fresh air. My coat hung in the front hall. I was putting it on and backing out the door when I ran into something solid. 
“Oomph,” it said.
I turned; it was Evan.
“What are you doing here?” I asked.
“Hi, Meara. How are you?” he asked in a teasing voice. He leaned in and whispered. “It’s customary to say ‘hi’ before you ask people questions.”
“Hi, Evan. How are you?” I mimicked the singsong tune he used, adding. “Why are you lurking on my grandparents’ porch?”
“I’m not lurking!” He held up a bucket of tools. “I brought these back for Jamie. I won’t be at work tomorrow, and he’ll need them.”
“Oh,” I said, stepping to the side. “Come inside then.”
“Thank you.” Evan stepped past me and went into the den. “Hi, Jamie. Where would you like the tools?”
“Hall’s good,” Grandpa Jamie said. “You could have brought those back on Thursday.”
Evan gave me a quick look. I smirked at him. Too late, I realized that my grandparents watched our exchange with interest.
“Where are you off to?” Evan asked.
“Just going for a walk,” I said. “Want to come?”
“Sure.” He turned back to my grandparents. “Have a nice evening.”
“You too, Evan!” Grandma Mary called. She smiled at us sweetly. “Have a nice walk.”
The sun was setting, and the air had cooled from earlier in the day. So far, summer in Nova Scotia was colder than Wisconsin. I was glad I wore my coat.
“Do you have a destination in mind?” Evan asked.
“No,” I said. “I just wanted to go out. What do you think?”
“We could take the path down to the water.”
“Okay. Lead the way.”
Evan took my hand, and we walked down to the water’s edge. The water was almost calm. The waves lapped, rather than beat, against the rocks. The almost-black water shimmered in the golds and reds of the setting sun.
Evan released my hand and wrapped his arm around my shoulder.
“Where are you going tomorrow?” I asked.
“Halifax,” he said. “Hockey practice with the new team.”
“You start already? I thought hockey was a winter sport.”
“We play inside,” he said. “So, we can pretty much play all year.”
“I’ve never seen a hockey game.”
“You’re joking, right?”
I shook my head, and Evan’s jaw dropped. “You’re coming to my next game then,” he said.
“Okay,” I said. “When is it?”
“Third Saturday in August. I can’t remember the date off hand.”
“That’s a few weeks away,” I said. “Just let me know.”
The vibrant colors of the setting sun dulled to a deep maroon. The blackness of the water took over, and gulls cried overhead.
“Do you want to head back to the house?” Evan asked.
“I’m good,” I said. “Do you need to get going?”
“No hurry.”
We sat on the rocks, our hips touching. I found small stones and tossed them into the water, listening to the soft plop. I was amazed by the stillness. Soon the stars appeared above, and a sliver of moon. It was dark and quiet.
“I’m glad you stopped by,” I told Evan shyly.
He nudged me with his shoulder. “Me, too. Even if you scolded me at first.”
“I didn’t scold you.”
His fingertips grazed along my jaw as he leaned in to kiss me. I snuggled against his side. When the kiss ended, I rested my head on his shoulder, shivering slightly.
“C’mon,” he said. “Let’s head back. It’s getting cold.”
***
Just like she promised, Mom called every day that week. The appointments were going well. The doctors seemed to think they could slow the cancer with aggressive treatment. They worked with the clinic in Halifax and set Mom up with a treatment plan. She would go to the clinic three days a week for several hours each day. In the fall, she’d commute with Katie and me—we’d drop her off on our way to school and pick her up on our way home. 
“I think it’s going to work, Meara!” 
“That’s great, Mom,” I said. Her optimism was infectious.



"Meara, you don’t have to do this,” Mom said for about the fifteenth time that morning.
“I know, Mom. I want to. Honest.” I was driving her to her first chemotherapy appointment. I didn’t know how she’d feel afterwards, and I didn’t want her driving home by herself. My grandmother offered to drive her, but she had her monthly garden club meeting. She would have missed it and all the fresh gossip. I insisted that I drive. I didn’t have anything going on, and she was my mother. 
“Maybe Ula will be there,” I added. I told Mom about Ula after the last appointment. I had so much fun the last time when I met her. I was looking forward to hanging out and getting to know her better. I was nice to have someone my age to talk to that understood what I was going through. 
“That would be nice,” Mom said. “I’m glad you met a friend.”
When we got out to the car, I opened the driver’s door and Mom gave me a strange look. “I can drive there, Meara.”
“It’s okay, Mom,” I said. “I’ll drive.”
When my mom drove to the clinic last time, I paid attention. I knew the way there. Within a few minutes, we were out of Peggy’s Cove and on our way to Halifax. I decided to tell my mom about my dreams. I was thinking about them often. I had never seen a picture of David and that was bothering me. Did he look like the man in my dreams? They were so real. I’d never had dreams like that before, the kind that gave me goose bumps. I took a deep breath.
“Mom, I dreamed about David.”
She patted my knee. “That’s natural, honey. Peggy’s Cove is where I met your father, and you know that. I’m sure it’s stirred your imagination. Besides, you used to dream about him when you were little.”
“I did?” I only remembered the one time when I was about seven.
“Oh sure. All the time.” She smiled at me briefly, and then turned to look out the window. Was she nervous?
“What did he look like?” I asked. “Do you have any pictures of him?”
She bit her thumbnail, proving that she was either nervous, worried, or both. “No, I never took any. I didn’t have a camera, and when we were together, I wasn’t thinking about capturing memories or anything like that.” 
“Can you describe him?” I asked. “How tall was he?”
“Over six foot. My head only came to his shoulder.”
“And his eyes?”
“Blue.”
“His hair?”
“The same color as yours. He wore it a little longer than most men, and it curled slightly.” She smiled at the memory.
“How old was he?”
“A few years older than me. Maybe twenty-three?”
Everything she described sounded like the man from my dreams. The man who called himself David. How could I dream about my father exactly as he looked when Mom dated him? How would I know that?
“Well? Does that match your dream man?” She tried to make a joke, but her voice shook a little.
“It does. In my dream, David looks about twenty-five. How can I dream about a man I never met?”
“They’re just dreams, Meara,” Mom said. I could tell that she didn’t believe that by the way she worried her lip. That left me with another question, one that I wasn’t ready to ask her. Why did my dreams bother her? “But, you’ll tell me if you dream of him again, right?”
“Sure, Mom,” I obliged, although not sure at all. “Of course.”
We arrived at the clinic, and I found a parking spot near the entrance. We walked in together, dropping the subject of David. The waiting room was full, but I didn’t see Ula.
“Is your friend here?” Mom asked.
“I don’t see her,” I said.
Mom looked disappointed. She wanted to meet her and had hoped to see her here today. “You brought some things along?” 
“Of course. I’ll be fine.” I had my backpack slung over my shoulder. This time, I packed snacks, a drink, a book, and my laptop. I wasn’t worried about being bored.
The same nurse called Mom back a few minutes later. Not wanting to stay in the waiting room, I walked outside. It was sunny and not too hot. A light breeze blew my hair. I headed straight for the park, my destination was the secluded spot Ula had shown me.
As I was walking down the path, I noticed someone wearing a baseball cap already sitting there. I thought about turning around and heading back up, but then I noticed the curly ponytail sticking out of the back of the hat. Ula.
She turned at that moment and smiled at me, gesturing for me to come down.
“Hi Meara!”
“Hi!”
When I reached the ledge, I sat down next to her and dangled my feet over the side. “I didn’t think you were coming today.”
“I’ve been here for about an hour already,” she said. “You weren’t here last week.”
“No,” I said. “Mom had to go to Toronto for some tests.”
“Everything okay?”
“Yeah,” I said. “How’s your mom?”
She shrugged. “Eh. I’d rather not talk about it.”
“Sorry.”
She tapped my arm lightly. “No need to apologize.”
We stared out at the ocean for a while, not saying anything. There were several sailboats, fishing boats, and other watercrafts. It seemed everyone was enjoying this gorgeous day.
“Do you always come with your mom?” I asked.
“Usually.”
“Do you have any brothers and sisters?”
“I do,” she said. “But I’m the youngest. They’re much older than I am. How about you?”
I shook my head. “It’s just me. It’s always been just Mom and me.”
She looked at me and frowned. “That must make this that much harder then.”
“Yeah.”
“I hope you don’t find this too forward of me, but where’s your dad?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I never met him.”
She looked like she might say something else, but she ended up hugging me instead, which seemed to surprise both of us. “Let’s talk about something happier,” she suggested. 
“Okay. Like what?”
She got a twinkle in her eye. “How about boys?”
I laughed. “What about them?”
She crossed her legs and turned to face me. “Do you have a boyfriend?”
I thought about Evan. Was he my boyfriend? We’d seen each other several times the last couple of weeks. We kissed with an increasing frequency, which was fine by me, but we never talked about our relationship.
Ula watched me, her green eyes narrowing. “Well, come on then. I want details.”
I laughed again. “What gave it away?”
She smiled at me. “You’re blushing. So, who is he?”
“His name is Evan.”
“And?”
“And he’s smart and cute. He plays hockey, too.”
She tilted her head, as if she was going to ask another question. Before she could, I jumped in with one of my own. “How about you? Do you have a boyfriend?”
“Me? No.” Her curls swung as she shook her head. “It’s hard to meet boys when you’re homeschooled.” She frowned and twirled a strand of her hair. “People in general, actually.”
“Evan invited me to one of his games. You should come, too.” 
“I don’t know…”
“C’mon. It’ll be fun.”
“When?” Ula asked.
“August 17. It’s right here in Halifax. Will you come?”
“I’ll think about it.”



July passed too quickly. I became Mom’s regular driver when she had to go for chemo. She seemed to take the treatments okay, although they made her tired and gave her an upset stomach. We didn’t talk about David on those drives. I hadn’t dreamed of him again, and Mom never brought him up. On the days Mom didn’t have treatments, I hung out with either Katie, Evan, or both of them.
I tried to avoid thinking about school, but my enrollment materials came in the mail, along with a supply list and class schedule. I was comfortable with every class they placed me in. Katie called that night, and we compared notes. We had lunch together, as well as first period Literature. 
“You’re not worried, are you, Meara?” Katie asked.
“A little,” I admitted.
“Don’t be,” she said. “I’ll show you around, especially since we have first period together. How cool is that?”
“It’s great,” I said, and I meant it. Katie and I had grown close over the last month. At first she came across kind of strong, but once I got used her personality, she was a lot of fun. 
“Are you ready for our shopping trip tomorrow?”
Katie convinced me that the best time to shop for new school clothes was the beginning of August when the stores had the best selection. I hadn’t been to the mall yet. As soon as she heard that, she arranged the trip.
“All set,” I confirmed. “You’ll give my mom a lift to the clinic, right?”
“No problem,” Katie said. “I’ll pick you up at nine o’clock, okay? See you tomorrow.”
“Bye.” I hung up the phone and flopped back on my bed. I was excited about tomorrow. Sure, it was just shopping, but I hadn’t been to a mall in forever. I missed Kim, and I was getting apprehensive about starting at a new school, in a new country. There was nothing like a new outfit or two to boost your confidence. 
I’d asked Ula on Wednesday if she wanted to go with us, but she declined. She gestured to her outfit, a bright paisley swirled dress reminiscent of the 60s, and told me that the mall didn’t sell the type of clothes she liked to wear. I couldn’t disagree with her. I told her she could just hang out and not buy anything, but she politely declined.
I eventually fell asleep and dreamed I was on the beach again, where I first saw the man who said he was David. This time was different from my previous two dreams about him. Rather than participate in the dream, I was a bystander.
My mother stood in front of me. Young and beautiful, she looked like she did in the black and white photo on my dresser. Her glossy, chestnut-brown hair waved down her back and ended at her waist. She wore a bright yellow sundress that swirled at her ankles. Her feet were bare, as was her face. She looked fresh and vibrant, a rosy hue blooming on her cheeks. She was locked in the arms of a handsome man. The man from my dreams. David.
He held her close, resting his chin on her head with his arms wrapped around her waist. Their eyes were closed, and they appeared to be swaying to a song I couldn’t hear.
“You’ll leave,” she said. 
He nodded without opening his eyes and tightened his grip on her. “I have to.”
“Will you return?” 
He paused for a moment, and then sighed before replying. “I don’t know.”
I watched my mom’s face tighten as if struggling with some internal war. For a moment, she looked desperate, and then her face relaxed. She opened her eyes and stared up at him.
“I don’t care!” she cried. “If we only have this summer together, it’s more than I’ve ever had with anyone else. I love you!”
He took her chin in his hand and leaned close, whispering. “If I hurt you, it’s never what I intended. I love you, Sharon, more than I have ever loved another woman.”
With that, he kissed her deeply. I shuffled my feet, embarrassed. Jeez, these people were my parents. If this was a glimpse of what had been between them, then I had no doubt that David had loved my mom. Very much.
***
After dropping mom off at the clinic, it was a short ride to the mall. Katie circled to find a spot. Apparently, we weren’t the only ones who thought this was a good day to shop. I spotted a small car backing out in the next aisle over, and Katie maneuvered into the spot like a pro. She jumped out of the car and, once I was by her side, pulled me along, not stopping until we stood at the center of the mall.
“What do you think?” Katie turned to me. “Where should we start?”
“It doesn’t matter to me,” I said. “You pick.”
Apparently, that was the right thing to say. Katie took me to her favorite store, and she started to pick out outfits for both of us. She held up a pair of designer jeans. The pockets were embellished and sparkly. “What do you think?” she asked.
“For who?” I eyed the jeans cautiously. The price tag told me that they’d eat up almost the whole clothing budget I’d allotted myself.
“I guess either of us, but I was thinking me. You don’t strike me as the sparkly type.”
Relieved, I nodded. “Yes, for you, they’re cute. You’re right. My tastes run a little more plain.”
Katie shook her head. “Simple, maybe, but not plain.” She handed me a pumpkin orange, V-neck sweater. It was fuzzy and soft. “How about this?”
“I love it.” It was on sale, too—40% off.
She nodded absentmindedly, already moving on to another rack. “I knew it. That’s a great color for you with your dark hair. It would look horrendous on me.”
We took armfuls of clothes into the dressing room. The wildest thing I tried on was a faux fur vest in a spotted leopard print. I thought it looked ridiculous, but Katie kind of liked it. I didn’t get it, but I found plenty of things to buy. Within a couple of hours, we were laden with shopping bags.
“Do you want to get some lunch?” Katie asked.
“Sure,” I said. “Can we put the bags in the car first?”
“Good idea.”
We took the bags out and placed them in the truck. I felt so much lighter and freer without them, which made me realize how hungry I was. Katie wanted tacos, and I wanted a turkey wrap and fries, so we split up to order. When I turned to find a table, Katie waved at me from one by the window.
In between bites, we talked about school. The volleyball team started practice on Monday. Katie wanted me to try out, but I wasn’t into sports. She tried to convince me, so I told her I wanted to limit my extracurricular activity so I could spend more time with my mom. Once I said that, she dropped the subject. I felt a little guilty using my mom as an excuse, but it worked.
I sipped my shake, nodding while Katie described the recent team drama. I was only half listening. My mind kept wandering to the dream I had last night.
“Are you okay?” Katie asked. “You seem distracted.”
“It’s…ah.” I struggled, fidgeting with my straw. Could I tell Katie about David? I looked up to find Katie watching me, waiting. Her blue eyes filled with concern, and she reached for my hand. 
“Meara, what is it?” she asked. “You know that we’re friends, right? That you can talk to me? Tell me anything. Even if Evan is being a pig-head, you can tell me.” 
Her concern touched me. “It’s not about Evan.” 
“Then, what it is?”
I debated, ultimately deciding that I needed to tell someone. It was killing me not talking about my dreams. Once I started, it all poured out. I told her about all three dreams. She listened, a myriad of emotions crossing her face from disbelief to awe. 
“Holy crap!” she exclaimed when I finished. “Have you told anyone else?”
“Just my mom,” I said. “But only about the first two.”
“Why didn’t you tell her about the last one?”
Once again I debated how much to tell Katie. I had my reasons for not telling my mom. Katie was one of my only friends here, what could it hurt to tell her? “I…I think she was scared.”
“Scared of what?” Katie asked, her blue eyes wide.
“I don’t know.”
“Wow.” Katie took a sip of her soda. She looked deep in thought and had a strange expression on her face. 
“Do you believe me?” I asked.
Katie paused. “I want to show you something.” She reached in her purse and dug around, eventually producing a small, worn, black and white photo. She held it out so I could see, pointing at the figures. “Here’s my dad. You haven’t met him yet. Next to Dad is Mom. Your mom is beside her. On the end? That’s David.”
“Can I see?” I reached for the photo.
“Sure.” Katie handed it to me. “I’ve been meaning to show it to you. That’s why it’s in my purse. I’m not some weirdo who carries around pictures of my parents and their friends.”
Katie laughed at her own joke, but I was too distracted. I stared at the photo, recognizing a younger, prettier version of Lydia and an image of my mom similar to the photograph in my room. On the end, with his arm around my mother, was David. Goose bumps covered my arms when my suspicions were confirmed. This was the David of my dreams, and seventeen years later, he looked almost exactly the same. 
“That’s him.” I handed the picture back. 
“Keep it.” She pushed my hand away. “Have you told Evan?”
“No.”
“Okay, I’m sure you have a good reason, and it’s none of my business, but you know I’m going to ask anyway…why not?”
I sighed and finished my shake before answering. “I guess I’m worried. What if he doesn’t believe me? What if he thinks I’m crazy? We’ve only been going out for a few weeks.”
“Meara,” Katie said. “Evan is really into you. I’ve never seen him so head over heels before. He’s spent all his free time with you. You’re not giving him enough credit.”
“You’re right.”
“You’ll tell him?” she persisted.
“Yes.”
“Soon?”
“Yes.”
She nodded. “Good. Well, now that we’re refueled, we’re ready to tackle part two—school supplies.”
“Ugh,” I said.
“Right,” she agreed. 



It was close to dinnertime when we returned to Peggy’s Cove. Katie drove me home, but didn’t stay. Her parents were having some friends over that night. They expected her to be there for the dinner. She promised to catch up with me on Tuesday, her day off that week.
I went in and headed for the kitchen, since I heard my mom and grandmother talking. My grandma was at the stove making dinner. Mom stood at the counter chopping vegetables. They turned and smiled when I came in.
“How was shopping?” Mom asked.
“Great,” I said. “We had fun.”
“Did you get some new clothes for school?”
“Yes.” She looked at me expectantly, so I added. “Three shirts, two pairs of jeans, and a sweater. I’ll show you later. I left the bags by the door.”
“Do you need money?”
“No,” I said. “I’ve got it.” I’d saved up quite a bit from work. I rarely spent anything back home, so I had a nice savings account. Mom wanted me to save it all for college. I disagreed. It wouldn’t hurt to spend a little. 
“Well, let me know when you want to go and get your supplies.”
“We bought those, too.” I hoped she wasn’t disappointed that I didn’t wait for her. She didn’t seem to mind, although she insisted on paying me back for the supplies. 
“Evan called while you were out,” Grandma Mary said. She tried to sound casual. Her curiosity dripped from every word.
“I’ll go and call him back.”
“Go?” she asked with a frown.
I bit my tongue to keep from smiling. This would kill her. “To my room. I’ll be back in a few minutes.” I kissed Mom’s cheek, and she winked at me when Grandma Mary’s head was turned. She knew what I was up to. She probably did the same thing when she was my age. Grandma Mary was sweet, and she loved juicy gossip.
I decided to use my cell phone, since both of my grandparents’ phones were tethered to the wall. One was in the kitchen, probably the one Grandma Mary had hoped I would use, and the other was in the family room. Honestly, had they never heard of cordless phones?
“Hello?”
I didn’t recognize the voice on the other end of the line. It was a deep baritone.
“Hi. This is Meara. Is Evan there?”
“Oh, Meara. I finally get to talk to you. This is Darren, Evan’s dad. One minute, I’ll get him.”
“How was shopping?” Evan asked without saying hello, adding. “Katie sure brought back a haul.”
“Yes, well, she bought more than me.”
“Doesn’t surprise me.”
“She also has a job.” I felt the need to defend Katie.
“I thought you did, too.” Evan knew that I worked on Sew Beautiful’s website.
“I guess, but I’m kind of phasing out of it,” I said. “It doesn’t pay much, that’s for sure.”
“Not compared to those big diner tips, I suppose.”
I knew he was teasing, and I chose to ignore it. “You called earlier?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Do you want to go to a museum tomorrow?”
“Sure. Where?”
“It’s in Halifax. The Museum of Natural History. I’ll pick you up at ten.”
“I’ll be ready.” I heard Evan’s name being called in the background. It sounded like Lydia. “I think you’re wanted.”
“We have company.”
“I know. Katie told me. It’s okay. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Goodnight, Meara.”
“Night.”
I went back to the kitchen and ate dinner with my grandmother and my mom. Grandpa Jamie was working late as usual. After I helped clean up, I took my shopping bags back to my room and put away my new clothes. Then, I sat on my bed and wrote an email to Kim. In her last email, she begged me to tell her more about Evan, Katie, and Ula. 
Details, Meara, she wrote. You know those little words called adjectives? Use them. Oh, and send pictures too.
So I described my friends with as much detail as I could, and I even wrote about Katie giving me the picture of my mom with my dad in it. The picture! It was in my purse tucked behind my driver’s license in my wallet. I pulled it out and studied it again. How was it that David only looked a few years older? Mom, though still pretty, was obviously much older now than when the picture was taken. Same with Lydia. I couldn’t speak for Darren, since I hadn’t met him in person yet, but I imagined he had aged too. Everyone aged. Everyone, apparently, but my father. What was going on? I hoped he planned to visit me in dreamland tonight, because I had questions.
I decided to put the picture in the same frame on my dresser that held the picture of just my mom. She wore the same yellow dress in that photo; it must have been taken around the same time. Picking up the frame, I carried it to my bed. The back was the kind that slid off, but it was tight. I pressed hard. Eventually, it slid down. A stack of photographs fell out. I expected the typical foam padding or some cardboard, but there was none. Curious, I picked them up and flipped them over. The first one was my mom; the one I had seen in the frame. When I looked at the picture under it, I almost dropped the whole stack. It was a picture of me when I was three. With shaking hands, I flipped it over and read the inscription.

Dear Mom and Dad,

Here is Meara at age three. She’s getting big so fast. I wish you could see what a smart, beautiful child she is. Mom, she has your curiosity and Dad, your persistence. She keeps me on my toes!

I hope you are well. Not a day goes by that I don’t miss you. Hopefully, we will be able to come for a visit soon.

Love Always,
Sharon

I quickly went through the rest. There was a picture of me for every year, including my junior picture from last year. Each one was inscribed with a similar message, hoping to visit, but not finding the time. Mom said she never talked to her parents, that they were estranged. If that was true, why did she send pictures of me with loving notes on the back? What was Mom not telling me?
I left the frame on my bed and went to find her. She was in her room, reading.
“Mom? Can you come to my room for a minute? I want to show you something.” I kept my voice even and calm, although I was seething inside.
“Sure, sweetie.” Mom put her book down and stood up. “Do you want to show me what you bought today?”
“No, something I found in my room.”
“Oh, okay.” She sounded surprised, but she followed me. I picked up the pictures and held them out to her. She was smiling until she saw my grinning toddler face. She clutched at the collar of her shirt and didn’t make any attempt to take the pictures. “Where did you find those?”
“In the frame behind the picture of you.” Since she was clearly not going to take the photographs, I fanned them out for her to see. “They’re me, Mom. They’re all me. If you weren’t talking to your parents, why’d you send pictures?”
“They’re your grandparents,” Mom said, as if that explained everything.
“But you weren’t speaking to them. Or were you?”
“I wasn’t.” Mom didn’t move from the doorway or let go of her shirt. I didn’t even think she was aware she was holding her collar in a death grip.
“Were you fighting with them?” 
“What kind of a question is that? Do you think I was lying to you?”
“I don’t know, Mom. The evidence is pretty strong.” I flung the pictures across the bed. “I sure wasn’t expecting to find these in a frame in my room!”
“Everything okay in here?” Grandma Mary stood behind my mom in the doorway, peering over her shoulder. She saw the pictures splayed across the bed and sighed. “Oh, I see.”
“Grandma,” I said. I left off Mary, hoping to soften her up. “Have you been keeping in touch with my mom all these years? She told me that you were estranged. That she didn’t talk to you anymore.”
“That’s true, Meara.” My grandmother said it quietly, placing her arm around my mom’s shoulder. Mom’s eyes were shiny like she was about to cry. Well, let her, I thought, swallowing a lump in my throat.
“Then why do you have all these pictures of me?”
“Your mom mailed them to us, one letter every year with a picture of you. No return address. Always sent from a different location.”
“Why?” I asked. We looked to my mom for an answer.
Mom was crying in earnest now. She walked past me and sat on the edge of my bed. “I’m so sorry!” she cried. “When your father left, I was heartbroken. I couldn’t take the chance that he would try to take you from me. So, when the opportunity came, I moved as far away as I could.”
Grandma Mary sighed. She sat next to Mom and patted her knee. “That’s why the letters were unmarked and from all over.”
“I didn’t want him to find us,” my mom whispered.
“You didn’t trust us?” Grandma Mary’s voice filled with hurt. Mom hugged her fiercely.
“No, Mom. I didn’t trust him.”
“Why?” I asked. “Is he dangerous?” I wondered if I should be worried.
My mom shook her head. “He would never hurt you, Meara. He loves you.”
“But he would take me away?” I asked, which made her frown.
“I don’t know.”
I reached behind them and sifted through the pictures on the bed. I found the small one I was looking for. I gave it to my mom.
“Is that him?” I asked, pointing to David in the picture Katie gave me.
“Yes,” Mom said. She traced his face with her finger, and then looked up at me with wide eyes. “Where did you get this?”
“Katie gave it to me.”
Mom nodded. “Lydia. I forgot she had this picture.”
“You said you don’t have any pictures of David. Is that true?” I asked. She gave me an assessing look, and then shook her head. She’d lied, another one to add to the recent list.
“May I see them?” I placed equal emphasis on each word. Calm, Meara. Stay calm, I told myself.
“Mom, do you mind if I talk to Meara alone?” 
My grandmother looked surprised, but she nodded. “Of course. I’ll see you in the morning, girls.”
“Come with me, Meara.” 
Once we were in her room, Mom went to her dresser and sifted through the contents in the top drawer. “Have a seat on the bed.” 
I sat and waited. She returned with two photographs. Both were about the same size as the one Katie had given me. She handed me the one on top.
“Lydia took this one, too. On the same day.”
My mom and David laughed into the camera, their arms wrapped around each other.
“You look happy.” 
“We were.”
“David looked like this in my dreams,” I said.
Mom frowned at me. “And you’re sure you never saw his picture before?”
“Where would I have seen it?” I asked. “You never showed me.”
She lowered the other picture so I could see. This one was just David. He looked at the camera the way he gazed at my mom in the dream.
“You took this one.” 
She looked at me, surprised. “How’d you know?”
I took the picture and studied it. “Because I can tell he’s looking at you.”
“I loved him so much.” Mom spoke in barely a whisper, but I heard it. My anger dissolved in her sorrow. How hard had this all been for her? To be pregnant so young, and then raise a daughter all alone. The father of your child, the man that you loved, gone.
“Why did he leave?” That was the real question. I had yet to find a satisfactory answer.
“He had to,” she said. The same thing she always said.
“But why?”
She shook her head. “Only he can tell you that.”
“Why does he look only a few years older in my dreams?”
She took the photographs back and stood. “I don’t know, Meara. It’s only a dream.” She crossed to the dresser and put them away.
Why did she insist that it was just a dream? How could I possibly dream of a man I’d never met and have him look exactly the way he did seventeen years ago? Goose bumps rose on my arms. What was going on?
“I’m sorry, Meara.” When she turned back, she was crying again. “For keeping secrets. For keeping you from your grandparents. I did what I thought I had to do.”
“It’s okay, Mom.” I decided to keep my fear to myself for now. Mom was upset enough.
“It’s not,” she said. “But I hope you’ll forgive me.”
I stood and gave her a hug. She kissed my forehead.
“I love you, Meara.”
“Love you too, Mom.” I hadn’t said I forgive her, but she didn’t push. I wasn’t sure yet. There was too much I didn’t understand.



About an hour after it opened, Evan and I arrived at the museum. I sulked a little after we left my grandparent’s house, stinging from my conversation with Mom. Evan listened to my recount. He didn’t understand my mom’s actions either, agreeing it was strange. 
“Can you ask your mom what she remembers about David?” I asked him.
“Sure. I’ll see what I can find out.”
“Thanks.”
We parked in the attached structure and entered the museum through a side door. There were large posters hanging in the hall featuring sharks, whales, and giant squids, as well as mythical creatures such as mermaids and sea serpents. 
“Wow, I can see why you like this museum,” I said. They had a huge maritime collection.
Evan nodded. “That’s why I wanted to bring you here today. And this exhibit.” He pointed to a Monsters of the Deep poster featuring a giant squid called a kraken. “I haven’t seen it yet.”
“It’s about sea monsters, and you haven’t seen it? How long has it been here?”
“It just opened.” He took my hand and pulled me forward. “So, do you want to start with my favorite exhibits or should we start with the Monsters of the Deep?”
“To be honest,” I said, “I’ve only visited two museums in my life. I’m a little out of my league here, so I’ll let you pick.”
He grinned. I got the suspicious feeling that he was hoping I would let him pick. “We’ll start with some local history,” he said.
We spent the rest of the morning exploring the museum. Evan’s favorites were the archaeology and marine biology exhibits. He explained everything to me and answered my questions with great patience.
We ate cheeseburgers and fries in the museum cafeteria. He teased me when I went through the museum brochure at lunch, checking off all the exhibits that we had already seen. I didn’t want to miss anything. To my surprise, we had seen almost all the regular exhibits. That left the Monsters of the Deep display.
The special exhibit section of the museum was cavernous; the walls draped in blue fabric. The lighting made the room glow with a bluish tint. It felt like we were underwater. Suspended from the ceiling was a skeleton. The creature was snakelike and easily twenty feet long. The room was divided into vignettes—one side showcased real or extinct creatures, the other featured those that were legendary.
I was drawn to the mythical side, fascinated by the lore surrounding these creatures. The exhibits ranged from the fierce—fire-breathing sea serpents, giant squids, and octopus-like monsters called Kraken, to the beautiful—mermaids, Selkies, and Sirens. 
Evan, too, seemed engrossed. We stood side by side, reading the captions and stories interspersed with beautiful pieces of artwork inspired by man’s hopes and fears of these beings. Several monsters were depicted in life-sized statues or in carvings and tapestries. One tapestry caught my eye. It portrayed Odysseus’s encounter with the sirens. The women were beautiful and appeared to be seducing Odysseus. The colors and detail were amazing.
“Did you see this?” I asked Evan, thinking he was next to me. He wasn’t. I spotted him two exhibits over, staring at a mermaid statue. I walked up behind him and placed my hand on my hips in mock anger.
“Leave it to a guy to find the half-naked female in the room.”
He laughed and turned to me with raised eyebrows. “Jealous?”
“Of a fish woman? Never.”
He leaned down and kissed me. “You’re cuter than her anyway.”
“Thank you.”
“What did you want to show me?”
“Just a tapestry. It’s no big deal. I just didn’t realize you weren’t next to me.”
“Are you having a good time?”
I nodded. “It’s great. Thanks for bringing me.”
“I knew you’d like it.” He looked at his watch. “Do you want to stay or are you ready to go?”
I shrugged. “It’s up to you.”
“Let’s look in the gift shop, and then we can get going.”
“Okay.”
The gift shop was filled with unique, fun items. Many were maritime themed. The back corner was filled with limited-edition items from the Monsters’ exhibit. I found a small mermaid statue and bought it for Evan as a joke. He laughed when I gave it him.
“What’s this for?”
“Now you have your own personal mermaid.”
“To remind me that you’re cuter?” he teased.
“Exactly,” I said, surprising myself by giving him a quick kiss. He didn’t seem to mind. He pulled me closer and kissed me again.
“Thank you,” he said.



"This is where he plays?” I glanced in awe at the long building in front of us. Families were pouring in, tickets in hand. My experience with sporting events was limited to the handful of times that Mom took me to Milwaukee for a basketball game. That arena was big, but I’d never been to one like this before.
“Yep,” Katie said. “Hockey’s pretty popular here.”
“That’s an understatement,” said Jen, one of Katie’s best friends, who joined us for the game.
“Is your friend Ula coming, Meara?” Katie asked. “Or should we just get our tickets?”
I frowned at her. “I think she’s coming. Didn’t Evan say he got us the tickets?”
“He did.” She pointed to the ticket windows. “We need to go to Will Call and pick them up.”
“Oh, okay. Well, I guess she’s not coming. Otherwise, she’d be here by now. I asked her to meet me by the ticket counter.”
“We can walk closer and look,” Jen suggested.
As we neared the ticket area, I saw a girl who looked like Ula, although her back was to us. She appeared to be having an intense conversation with a tall man. I couldn’t see his face that clearly, since he was wearing a baseball cap pulled low over his eyes, but his arms and chest were well defined under his snug Mooseheads t-shirt. He raised his head and nodded in our direction, and the girl turned. It was Ula. She smiled and waved before turning back to the guy and giving him a firm push on the chest that clearly said go away. He shook his head and laughed at her. He was easily a foot taller, so her push had no impact on him. He gave a short wave in our direction before turning and walking away. Ula watched him leave and then ran over.
“Meara! Good to see you!”
She gave me quick hug. When she pulled back, I introduced her to Katie and Jen. Katie seemed amused by Ula’s outfit, which today consisted of bell-bottom jeans and a Beetles t-shirt.
“She has great vintage clothes, don’tcha think?” I asked.
“Absolutely!” Jen gushed. “Where did you find that t-shirt?”
Katie and I left Ula and Jen chatting clothes while we went to the Will-Call window to get our tickets. Katie whistled when she saw them.
“What?” I asked.
“Evan got us front row center, near the penalty box.”
“Is that good?”
“It’s great,” she said. “We’ll be able to see everything.”
I hoped the tickets weren’t too expensive. I asked Katie as much on our way back to Jen and Ula.
“It’s fine, Meara,” she said. “Evan can get free tickets to give to family and friends. I’m sure he’s just happy that you’re here.”
We passed through the turnstiles. The smell of freshly popped corn, hot dogs, and pizza assaulted me. My stomach rumbled. 
Ula laughed. “Should we get snacks before we find our seats?”
I ordered nachos and a large Diet Coke. Katie got a soft pretzel, and Jen bought cotton candy. Ula didn’t buy anything.
“I ate just before I got here,” she told us.
We walked around the arena until we found the right section. Then we headed down to the front row. By the time we took our seats, I was impressed with how close we were. The guys were on the ice, warming up. I figured out which team was Evan’s, but with all the padding layers and helmets, I had no idea which player he was. Katie nudged me with her elbow and pointed. 
“That’s Evan, number 14.”
As she was talking, he skated over and along the glass, winking as he passed. He had a patch on his uniform that set him apart from his teammates.
“Why does Evan’s uniform have a patch?” I asked.
“He’s the captain,” Katie said.
“He’s the captain?” Why didn’t he ever mention it to me?
Jen nodded enthusiastically. “Oh yeah. Evan’s great at hockey.”
Ula was quiet. I looked over and saw her scanning the crowd. Her eyes settled on someone, and she scowled. I followed her gaze. 
“Who’s that?” I asked. It looked like it might be the tall guy from earlier. At least, I could make out similar baseball cap and t-shirt, but he was too far away to see any real details.
“Someone annoying,” Ula said. “He’s not important.”
“Is that the guy you were talking to outside? Is he your boyfriend or something?” Jen asked. By now, all of us were staring at him.
“Ex,” she stressed, “but yes. Something like that.”
He waved at us again. He obviously knew we were watching.
“Just ignore him,” Ula muttered. She looked annoyed. I wondered what happened between them.
The buzzer sounded, announcing the start of the first period. Evan squared off against the captain of the other team, the hockey puck dropped, and the game began.
The game was fast paced, and yet, by the first break, I had a good idea of what was going on. The crowd, loud and boisterous, chanted and jeered in a way that seemed almost choreographed. “Sieve, Sieve!” Katie and Jen yelled. 
Once we learned the common phrases, Ula and I joined them. At the end of the second period, we all yelled, “How much time is left?” 
We cracked up when the announcer replied, “One minute left in the period.”
Evan scored three goals that period and assisted with four others. It was a high-scoring game and, by the middle of the third period, Evan’s team was ahead of the other team by two. He scored again, and I whistled and cheered. My friends joined me. 
“He’s really good,” Ula said.
“He’s great!” Jen shouted. “Go Evan!”
Katie put her fingers to her mouth and whistled shrilly. “That’s my brother,” she said and grinned. “I told you, Meara. He’s pretty amazing at hockey.”
I was stunned, proud, and flabbergasted as to why someone as talented as Evan was interested in me. 
The buzzer sounded the end of the game, and we jumped up. The teams lined up on the ice and shook hands. Katie gathered our wrappers and stuff.
“C’mon, let’s go,” she said.
“Why the rush?” I asked.
“The team’s signing autographs. I thought you’d like to meet some of the players.”
“Do you know them all?” Ula asked.
“Not all,” Katie said, “but most. Evan’s had a few over to the house for dinner or whatever.” She smiled at Jen and Ula. “They’re pretty cute.”
By the time we reached the lobby, long lines had formed for the signing. I noticed the teenage girls and again wondered why Evan chose me. I must have frowned at them, because Katie patted my arm.
“Don’t you worry, girlfriend,” she said. “Evan only has eyes for you. Trust me.”
Evan signed pictures and interacted with his fans, ruffling little boys’ hair and shaking people’s hands. I noticed the other players doing similar things. Some flirted a bit with the teenage girls, but Evan never did. He smiled politely and moved them on.
It didn’t take too long to reach the front of the line. Evan grinned at me. “What would you like me to write, young lady?”
“Hmm…” I played along, pretending to contemplate. “How about ‘to my biggest fan’?”
“That’s a pretty big role to fill,” he teased.
“I think I’m up for the challenge.”
Evan nudged his teammate next to him. “Phil,” he said, “this is my girlfriend, Meara.”
Phil looked at me and grinned. “Nice to meet cha.”
Katie cleared her throat behind me, so Evan added, “And of course, you’ve already met my sister, Katie, and this is her friend, Jen.” Evan paused when he got to Ula. He hadn’t met her yet.
“This is my friend, Ula,” I told him. “From the clinic?”
“A pleasure to meet you,” Ula said and shook his hand.
“Hello, ladies.” Phil tipped his baseball cap. 
“You bringing ‘em to the party later, Mitchell?” This came from the guy sitting on the other side of Phil.
“Do you want to go?” Evan asked us, and I looked at Katie.
“Sure!” she said.
Evan looked pleased. “We’ve got about fifteen more minutes of signing, Coach will want to run through a few things, then we can change and get going.”
“Where should we meet you?” Katie asked. “I don’t want to sit in my car for forty-five minutes.”
“How about The Goal Post?” Evan suggested. I had no idea what it was, but it sounded like a sports bar or restaurant.
“Okay,” Katie said. “We’ll just order an appetizer or something.”
“I’ll be there as soon as I can,” Evan promised. “An hour or less.”
“Hey…are you girls almost done yet? My kid wants an autograph.” This came from a grumpy-looking man behind us. His son was a chubby middle schooler who looked more interested in us than the hockey players. 
I smiled apologetically. “We’re leaving now. See you soon, Evan.”
***
The Goal Post was a restaurant. One of those sports-themed ones that catered to the fans. It was crowded, but we managed to get a high table in the bar area. We ordered a pitcher of root beer, breaded mushrooms, and poutine, which was starting to grow on me. Sure, it looked disgusting, but the combination of cheese and gravy with the crispy fries—mmmm, yum.
“What did you think of the game?” Jen asked. 
“I liked it,” I said. “Seems simple enough to follow.”
“It was a pretty mellow night,” Katie said. “No fights.”
“Right,” Jen said. “Kind of boring actually. So if you liked this one, you’d like one of those.”
“Does Evan get in fights?” I’d seen a few guys slammed up against the Plexiglas during the game. Katie told me it was called checking. It looked painful. At least Evan did more of the checking and got checked less often. He was quick on his skates.
Katie laughed. “What do you think? I’m not sure his opponents like getting slammed into the glass.”
“Does he get hurt?” I couldn’t bear it if he was getting black eyes or losing teeth. Jen told me it was pretty common for hockey players to have fake teeth.
“Nah,” Katie said. “They have all that padding, and he’s a pretty good fighter.”
Ula was picking at the fries. She hadn’t said anything since we got here, and she kept glancing at the door. 
“Are you okay?” I asked her.
“Sure,” she said. She gave me a half-hearted smile.
“Is it that guy that was with you at the game? Did he bother you?”
“Him?” She shook her head. “No. I can handle him. It’s nothing. I’m okay. I’m sorry I can’t go with you.”
“It’s okay,” I said. We all called our parents on the way over to the restaurant. Katie suggested I just stay over at her house, and her mom said it was okay. My mom was fine with it if Lydia was, so getting permission was easy. Ula didn’t even try to call home. “Your parents are protective, huh?”
“You could say that.” She looked out the window again, and then hopped off the barstool. “Looks like my ride’s here. Goodnight, ladies.”
I gave her a quick hug. “See you next week?” I asked, referring to the clinic.
“See you then,” she confirmed.
Jen waved, and Katie called, “Nice meeting you!” After Ula was out of earshot, she added. “She seems nice. Dresses a bit odd, but nice.”
“She likes vintage.” It didn’t bother me. I thought her style was kind of cool. Jen echoed my thoughts aloud.
“Her clothes are wicked. Wish I had the courage to wear whatever I wanted.”
“Why don’t you?” I asked.
“Are you kidding? They’d laugh me out of school,” Jen said. She took a sip of her root beer.
“You should’ve seen the Bob Marley shirt she was wearing the first time I met her,” I said. “If I could get my hands on that one, I’d wear it.” Katie and Jen exchanged a look that said “yeah right,” which I chose to ignore. I would wear it. I wasn’t much of a slave to fashion, so I had a tendency to wear what I wanted regardless.
Evan entered the bar. His hair was damp and curling around his ears. He wore dark jeans and a gray, button-down shirt. Three of his teammates followed him. He smiled when he spotted me, crossed the room, and gave me a quick kiss.
“Hi,” I said. “That didn’t take too long.”
“Coach’s lecture was short since we won tonight.” Evan turned to the guys who were with him. “This is Joe, Peter, and Brian.”
The bar had cleared out a bit, so the guys pulled over some barstools and joined us at the table. It didn’t take them long to notice our barely eaten appetizers.
“You gonna finish those?” Brian asked.
“Help yourself,” Katie said.
They demolished the two baskets in a few minutes, and Evan finished my root beer. They still seemed hungry.
“Do you guys want to order something else?” I asked.
“Ah, there will be food at the party,” Peter said. “Kevin eats more than the rest of us.”
“Ready?” Evan asked.
“Let’s go,” Brian said.
Katie glanced at Brian. Her expression was calculating, although I was the only one that saw it. “Can one of your friends ride with us? Then Meara can go with you, and if we get lost, he can get us to Kevin’s.”
“Good idea,” Evan said.
“How about you, Brian?” Katie asked. 
“Sure.” He nodded to his friends. “See you at Kev’s.”
I followed Evan, Peter, and Joe out to the car. They recapped the game, Evan glancing at me periodically. I smiled, reassuring him that I was fine. It was kind of interesting to hear the recount from their point of view.
Peter wasn’t much taller than I was. He talked a mile a minute and seemed to have an endless supply of energy. Joe spoke slowly and thoughtfully. He was lanky, lean, and the opposite of Peter.
When we reached the car, Peter made for the front seat. Joe blocked him and asked me pointedly, “Would you like to sit in front, Meara?”
Peter seemed surprised to see me there. Apparently, in providing his play-by-play of the game, he forgot that I was with them.
“Oh, yeah, right,” he stuttered. “Sorry, Meara. The front’s all yours.”
“Thanks, Peter.” As I walked around them, Joe winked at me. I grinned in reply.
The ride to Kevin’s house was pretty short. He lived about fifteen minutes from the arena in an apartment he shared with two other teammates. The guys told me more about the team on the ride over. I learned that the players ranged from mid-teens to early twenties. Kevin and his roommates were on the older end. 
“They’re hoping to get picked soon,” Peter said.
“Picked?” I repeated. I wasn’t familiar with the term.
“They want to go professional,” Joe explained. “The Sea Dogs are like a farm team for a farm team.”
“Oh,” I said. I didn’t understand.
“Farm teams are where the professional teams get their players,” Evan said. “Are you familiar with the National Hockey League?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Where are you from again?” Joe asked.
“Wisconsin.”
“Milwaukee Admirals,” Peter said. “AHL.”
I stared at him blankly. Joe shook his head at Peter. “American Hockey League provides the players for the professional teams. That’s where we’ll play next.”
“Okay,” I said.
“Are you familiar with the Chicago Blackhawks?” Joe asked.
“I’ve heard of them,” I admitted.
Joe nodded. “They’re a professional team. National Hockey League or NHL.”
I looked at Evan. He was silent during this conversation. 
“Why American teams?” I asked.
“That’s where the money is, baby!” Peter gave me an exaggerated wink. “I’m hoping for Texas. Love those Lone Stars!”
“Do you all want to play professionally?” I asked.
“Hell, yeah!” Peter yelled and fist bumped with Joe. Evan didn’t respond.
“Evan?”
“I’m not sure,” he admitted.
“What?” Peter leaned forward and clasped Evan on the shoulder. “Mitchell, you’re the best on the team. You could probably go pro now if you wanted to.”
“I don’t,” Evan said. “I’m not ready.”
“Why not, man?” Peter pursued. Evan kept his eyes on the road, but his jaw tightened. He clearly didn’t want to have this conversation.
“I’m finishing school first,” he said finally.
Joe leaned forward and patted his shoulder. “That’s cool.” He gave Peter a warning look. “Don’t you agree, Pete?”
“Yeah. Cool,” Peter said, although from the look on his face, he clearly didn’t mean it.
***
“Can I get you something?” Evan shouted so I could hear him above the thumping music. The house was filled with the players, their friends, and random acquaintances. We were in the living room, sitting on the couch.
“What are you having?” So far, Evan had only drunk a Coke, although there was plenty of beer and bottles of liquor.
“I’ll probably get a beer.”
I didn’t know what I wanted, but I knew I didn’t like beer. “I’ll come with you,” I said, following him to the kitchen.
Katie and Jen sat at the table with Brian and Peter. They were playing some kind of drinking game with cards. They both looked happy already. 
“Is she going to be okay to drive?” I asked Evan.
He frowned at his sister. “I’d say ‘no’ if she continues at her current pace.”
“I’ll just have a Diet Coke then,” I told him. “I can drive Katie’s car back to your house.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah. I’ll follow you, if that’s all right. My mom okay’d me staying over.” I felt strange telling him this, since it was his house, too. Until the words came out of my mouth, I hadn’t considered the implication. I felt my cheeks warming.
If Evan noticed my discomfort, he didn’t say anything. He reached into the cooler for the Diet Coke and handed me the can. Taking a cup, he filled it at the beer keg. “Do you want to go outside for a bit?” He motioned to the patio door. “At least it will be quieter.”
“Sure.” Once again, I let him lead the way. We had to go by the table. As we passed, Katie grabbed my hand and pulled me closer.
“Isn’t Brian cute?” I’m sure she meant to whisper it in my ear, but it came out as more of a slurred shout. He was not as drunk as she was, and it was obvious he heard her, too. He grinned at us.
Katie opened her eyes wider and pouted at me. “I’m sorry, Meara. I don’t think I should drive us home. Maybe we can leave my car here and ride with Evan? Mom won’t be happy…”
I patted her shoulder. “It’s okay, Katie. Evan and I talked about this already. I’ll drive your car home.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
She jumped up, knocking her chair over in the process, and threw her arms around me. “You’re the best! Jen, isn’t she the best?”
Jen raised her glass at us and nodded enthusiastically. “The best!” She polished off whatever was in there, and Peter quickly refilled it. 
“Are you okay?” I asked Jen. Her eyes were glassy, and her face flushed.
She waved off my concern. “I’m good. I’m…I’m great!” 
She took another big gulp. At this rate, they would be throwing up within the hour. I looked at Evan, unsure of what to do. He was talking to Brian and Peter, but when I caught his eye, he nodded. He must have been listening to our conversation, too. He excused himself, went around the table, and grabbed a bowl of pretzels from the counter. He placed it between Katie and Jen.
“Have something to eat,” I told them. “And maybe slow down a little.”
Jen pouted. “We’re fine, Party Pooper.”
“Listen to her,” Evan said. “You are both going to be hurting tomorrow.”
“Hey, Mitchell, can we please get back to our game?” This came from Peter, who was pretty wasted himself. He threw a pretzel at Evan.
Evan took my hand and led me outside. The apartment had a small patio, but their unit faced a courtyard with a path that circled an in-ground pool. The few chairs on the patio were already taken, and by the looks of things, the couples sitting in them paid us no attention.
“Should we go for a walk?” Evan asked.
“I’d like that,” I said. Anything was better than hanging with the make-out couples. They appeared to be on the verge of moving beyond, and I didn’t want to stick around for that. Apparently, you lost your inhibitions with alcohol. I wasn’t the world’s most experienced partier, but the events at Kevin’s house sure opened my eyes.
Evan took my hand again, and we walked to the pool. 
“Some party, huh?” He looked back at the apartment and shook his head.
“Do you usually have parties like this after your games?” I wondered if this was something he did a lot. Did he crash at the party house? Did he meet girls? What would happen if he was drunk, and I wasn’t around? There were lots of pretty girls in the house.
“Someone usually has something, but Kev’s house is always a big one. Sometimes, we just hang out and order pizza. Just the guys. It’s not always so many people.” He stopped talking and scratched his head.
“Oh,” I said.
“I don’t always go either,” he went on to add. “With school starting, I’ll probably just head back to the dorm. Or if it’s a weekend, come see you.”
He smiled at me, and I returned it. I was happy that he would choose to see me over partying with his friends. On the other hand, I planned to go to more of his games, so maybe we could do both sometimes.
“What happened to your friend that was with you at the game? Ula?” He said it like you-lah, so I felt the need to correct him.
“Ula? Oh, she had to go home.”
“She’s the one you met at the clinic, right?”
“Yeah. She’s homeschooled. I don’t think she gets out much.”
“She seemed nice.” Evan opened the gate by the pool. I thought we were going to continue on the path around it. 
“Where are you going?” I asked.
He turned back and raised an eyebrow. “Don’t you trust me?”
“It’s a little late for a swim, and I don’t have a suit.”
He laughed. “We’re not going to swim. I just thought we could sit and put our feet in the water.” He held up his hand. “Scout’s honor. I promise not to push you in.”
“You were a Boy Scout?”
“Of course. Weren’t you in Girl Scouts?”
“Not so much,” I said. “Didn’t care for the uniforms.”
I could tell Evan didn’t know whether to take me seriously or not, but I didn’t expand. I sat by the water’s edge and debated about showing Evan my feet. Reluctantly, I pulled off my socks and tennis shoes. I tried to put my feet in before Evan sat down, but it was too late.
“Your toes,” he said as he sat next to me. 
I looked away, embarrassed. “I know. They’re so ugly.”
“Let me see.” He wrapped his hand around my calf and lifted my foot out of the water. “I don’t think they’re ugly. They’re fascinating.”
I turned at looked at him then. Was he crazy? “They’re disgusting. I always tried to get out of swimming lessons, but my mom insisted. The kids laughed.”
“Kids are mean,” Evan said. “Webbed toes aren’t common, but people have them. They’re like flippers.”
“Very funny,” I muttered.
He lowered my leg into the water and removed his hand. My calf tingled from where he had touched me. He took my hand in his and looked into my eyes.
“I’m sorry that kids made fun of you, Meara. You shouldn’t be ashamed of anything about you. You’re beautiful from head to toe, inside and out.”
I didn’t know what to say, but my heart responded by leaping in my chest. He took off his shoes and socks, rolled his jeans up a few times, and placed his feet in the water next to mine. He entwined his right foot with my left, and somewhere, inside of me, some of the hurt from all those years ago began to fade.



It was easy enough to follow Evan’s car back to his house, even with Katie and Jen talking, laughing, and singing the entire way. Loudly. Evan waited by the garage door, and he warned us to be quiet. “Mom’ll have a fit if we wake the guests.”
I’m sure Katie and Jen thought they were being quiet, but between stumbling into furniture, cursing, and loudly whispered shushes, they didn’t fool anyone. On the other hand, no one came out of their rooms, so I took that as a good sign.
Evan and I pursued them up into Katie’s room. Katie wanted to play music, but we convinced her it was too late and, after much cajoling, she and Jen climbed into bed. I was stunned at how quickly they were out. It was like their heads hit the pillow and nighty-night.
Evan whistled softly. “They are going to be hurting tomorrow.” 
“No doubt.” 
I wasn’t sure where I was going to sleep. Katie and Jen took up her double bed. I wasn’t above crashing on the floor, though, if I had a blanket and pillow.
Evan inclined his head toward the door. “Want to come to my room?”
I hesitated. I wasn’t sure that I should. 
“C’mon,” he said. “We’ll just watch a movie.”
“Okay.”
The first time I came to the house, Evan’s room was messy with clothes strewn about. It looked a little better this time. There was a mound of discarded shirts in the corner, and the comforter was lumpy. I guessed that he hastily cleaned up.
“Where’s Ebb and Flow?” I hadn’t seen or heard the dogs. They must have heard all the commotion that Jen and Katie made.
“They sleep in my parents’ room when I’m not home.” He took off his shoes, picked up the remote, and sat on the bed. Leaning back against the headboard, he turned on the TV. I stood in the doorway, and he looked at me curiously. “Are you going to come in and sit?”
I took off my shoes and sat next to him.
“What do you want to watch?” he asked.
“Honestly? I’m not usually up this late.” I felt like a loser admitting it, but it was after one. The only time I stayed up that late was New Year’s Eve.
“Old music videos or classic horror movies?”
“Classic horror.” I loved Vincent Price and Bela Lugosi. Those movies were so much better than the computer-generated blood and gore. They had class.
“Good choice.” Evan flipped the channel. Apparently, House of Usher was the featured film tonight. I’d seen it enough times to know it was halfway done.
“One of my favorites,” I said.
“You’ve seen it before?” Evan seemed surprised.
“Like twenty times. You?”
“Maybe ten. I guess I’m not as big a fan as you, but I love old horror movies.”
I couldn’t believe it. I’d never met anyone around my age before who liked them. Most of my friends didn’t even know these movies existed. Kim tried to sit through one every once in a while when she came over for a sleepover. She usually fell asleep. I would stay up to the end and finish it every time. 
Evan sat up. He had a mischievous expression on his face. “Let me see your feet again.”
“No!” I crossed my legs, tucking my feet away before I faced him.
“Why not?”
“You have some kind of foot fetish?” I challenged. 
He raised an eyebrow before responding slowly, “Maybe I do.”
He reached for my foot. I tried to scramble away, but he was too quick. I thought he was going to take my sock off but, instead, he tickled the bottom of my foot through my sock. I was extremely ticklish, much to his delight, and before long, I was breathlessly urging him to stop. I couldn’t breathe.
Evan leaned down over me and wiggled his eyebrows dramatically. “Now I know your secret.”
“No fair. I know none of yours.” I pretended to pout, which made him smile even wider. 
He bent forward and kissed me. “You’re cute when you pout.”
He lifted his head and looked at me. Self-consciously, I remembered that I was lying on his bed. I cleared my throat. “I should, ah, probably go to bed. I’m going to be exhausted tomorrow.”
“Probably,” he said. His leg covered mine, and he didn’t make any attempt to move. He slowly lowered his head, and his eyes never left mine. This time he kissed me slow and deep, and I found myself breathless again.
“Evan, I really…”
“I know, I know.” With a sigh, he rolled onto his back, turned his head, and looked at me. “You probably need a pillow and blanket, right?”
“Yeah. That’d be great.”
He stood and motioned for me to follow. There was a linen closet in the hall. From the topmost shelf, which I never would have been able to reach, he pulled down a pillow and a fleece blanket. 
“Thanks.” I was having trouble meeting his eyes. He pulled me into his arms again and kissed me. It was light and quick.
“Goodnight, Meara.”
***
I couldn’t sleep. For about the fifteenth time, I looked at Katie’s alarm clock. Four-thirty. Great. Ten minutes had passed since the last time I checked.
A throat cleared, and I whipped my head toward the sound, straining in the dark until my eyes grew accustomed. I almost screamed until I recognized the man.
“David?” My father stood by the window, leaning against the wall. “What are you doing here? How’d you get in?”
“I wanted to see you,” he said. He ignored my second question. He pulled out the chair by Katie’s desk and sat down. “How are you doing? How’s your mom?”
“I’m fine. Mom’s, well…she’s okay. Wait. Are you here? I’m not sleeping?”
I pinched my arm. It hurt.
“I’m real,” David said. “Not a figment of your imagination.”
I thought I’d be afraid, but I wasn’t. This was my father. He wouldn’t hurt me. I stood and walked to him. My fingers itched to reach out.
“Go ahead,” he said as though he knew what I was thinking. Maybe he did.
I touched the hand that was resting on his knee. He didn’t move. His hand was warm. “I thought I was dreaming you,” I said in a daze.
“I know.” He stood up, and I took a step back. “I’m here, Meara.”
“Does Mom know?” He shook his head, and I remembered I’d asked him that before in my dream.
“The previous times I saw you, was I sleeping?”
“Yes and no,” he said. “I suppose it was like you were sleepwalking.”
“Were we at the lighthouse?”
“Yes.”
“And the beach? The first time?” I tried to control the fear in my voice.
“Yes.” His voice was quiet. Calm. Like he knew I was getting scared, and he was treading carefully.
“How?”
He shook his head. “I can’t tell you. You wouldn’t understand.”
“Why do you look so young? What are you?” I wanted to know, and I was afraid at the same time. Had I asked this before, too? I couldn’t remember.
“You’ll find out. Soon.”
“Why won’t you tell me?” I didn’t understand his obscure responses. He was about as open as a bank safe. I had so many questions, and so far, he only had mediocre answers. I studied him, wondering what I could ask that might get a real answer.
“Are you human?”
He paused and searched my face, as if measuring how I would react. Finally, he said, “No, I am not.”
I swallowed. “And you won’t tell me what you are? What I am?”
“Not yet. The timing’s not right.”
“What’s timing got to do with it?” After all these years, he was worried about timing?
“Everything.”
Well, that helped.
“You’re dating your friend’s brother, aren’t you?” he asked. I wasn’t sure if he was trying to change the subject or if he wanted to know. 
“Maybe,” I said. What was it to him? If he could be cryptic, so could I.
“Be careful, Meara,” he said. “Take things slowly.”
He was a fine one to talk. “Oh, like you and Mom?” Angry, I sat up and crossed my arms. “Please!”
“Exactly.” He continued to speak in a frustratingly calm voice. “Learn from us.”
“Dad,” I said in my most sarcastic voice. “Is that right? Should I call you Dad?”
He winced, but recovered quickly. “I’d like it if you would.”
“I’m not sure that I can. You suck as one. You come back into my life after seventeen years, tell me I’m not entirely human, but don’t disclose what I am. And then, of all things, you give me dating advice?” My hands shook, and I was on the verge of yelling. I closed my mouth and took a deep breath.
“Relax,” David said. “Your friends can’t hear you.”
“Why not?” What did he do to them? Cast a spell or something? 
“They’re drunk. Passed out cold.”
Oh yeah. There was that.
He stood. “I have to go.”
“Go? You just got here!” 
He chuckled and leaned forward to kiss my cheek. “You need your sleep. I’ll see you again soon.”
“When?” I asked. I wanted answers. He needed to give me something.
“Take care of your mother.” 
Those were his last words before he disappeared. Literally. Not like walking out of the room or jumping out the window, he just vanished. Poof. Gone. I shivered. What in the world was he? What was I?
I lay back on the floor and wrapped the blanket tight around me. My head pounded, but my mind raced. I needed sleep. I couldn’t have gotten more than twenty minutes so far. Taking deep breaths, counting sheep, and even meditating didn’t help. I gave up and stared at the ceiling. Sleep was not coming.



"Oh my God, please shoot me now,” Katie mumbled from beneath her pillow. Jen moaned next to her. 
“I warned you,” I said. Katie lifted her pillow long enough to shoot daggers at me. Then she winced and dropped it back on her face again. 
“Where’s the aspirin?” I asked. “I’ll get some for you.”
“Bathroom medicine cabinet. Across the hall. Disposable cups on the sink.”
I chuckled to myself, pleased that I had shown restraint last night. I did not want to be feeling what they were right now. When I opened Katie’s door, the bathroom door opened at the same time. Evan wore his pajama bottoms, but his chest was bare, a towel slung over his shoulder. I raised my eyes to his, and he grinned. 
“Mornin’.” He crossed the hall, wrapped his arms around my waist, and gave me a hug. He whispered in my ear, “You look good.”
I hugged him back. Unwelcomed, David’s voice whispered in my head. I mentally pushed him away, and then stepped out of Evan’s arms. His smile faltered. 
“What if your parents come upstairs?” I didn’t want him to think I was rejecting him.
“I’m just giving you a hug.”
“They wouldn’t know that.”
“Fine.” He huffed out a breath. I’d won that argument. “What are you doing anyway? Did you need the bathroom?”
“I’m getting them some aspirin. Katie said it’s in here?” I motioned to the bathroom.
“Yeah, I’ll get it for you.” He went back in and pulled a bottle from the medicine cabinet. “I’ll let you fill the water cups.”
“Thanks.”
“Give my sister my best. I’m sure she’s in a sorry state.” Evan squeezed my waist as he passed me, which made me jump. He turned and winked at me before closing his bedroom door. I filled the cups halfway with water, knowing that I’d spill them otherwise.
Why did David visit here last night? What did he want? Why, after seventeen years, was he making an appearance in my life?
“Meara? Meara!” 
I shook myself from my reverie. Katie screeched like nails on a chalkboard—so much for her pounding head. I walked in the room, handing her one of the Dixie cups and two pills. She swallowed them eagerly. 
“What took you so long?” she whined.
“Sorry. I thought you fell back asleep.”
“Ha! Like I could sleep through this misery.”
“Some of us are trying to!” Jen snapped from under the covers. Apparently, she didn’t appreciate Katie’s volume in the morning.
“Sorry.” Katie apologized in a quieter voice. She scooted back against her headboard. “So, Brian asked me out.”
“That’s great!” I liked Brian and Joe. I wasn’t so sure about Peter.
“Peter asked Jen out, but she turned him down.” Katie patted the covers where Jen’s head would be. “Broke his heart.”
“Did not!” Jen’s voice rose from beneath the blanket again. Katie and I giggled. “You two are so annoying when I’m hungover,” Jen added. She sighed and threw back the covers. “Meara, you have some of those magic pills for me?”
“I don’t know how magic they are, but they should help.” I handed her the other cup and pills. She thanked me and tossed them back. I settled back onto the floor where I’d slept, or attempted to sleep. It hadn’t been too uncomfortable.
There was a knock at the door, and then Evan called, “Is everyone decent?”
Katie rolled her eyes before answering, “Yes, come in.”
“Good morning.” Evan carried a tray of muffins and doughnuts. In his other hand, he held a carafe of orange juice.
“A man who brings you breakfast?” Jen looked wistful. “Do you have a twin?”
“Thankfully, no,” Katie said as she rose from the bed and took the orange juice. She did kiss him on the cheek and thank him. He set the tray down at the end of the bed, and then sat on the floor next to me, crossing his long legs at the ankles.
“I wasn’t sure what you would want to eat, but grease is always good with a hangover.”
“And nothing beats sugar,” Katie added before she took a huge bite of a chocolate doughnut.



I spent the last week of summer with my mom and Grandma Mary. I rarely saw my grandfather. He left early in the morning and returned late at night. I thought the life of a fisherman looked hard, but he seemed to enjoy what he did. He told me that he found solace by the water. 
Evan’s classes started already and, apparently, there was no honeymoon period in college. He told me he needed to spend almost every moment of his free time in the lab or the library just to stay afloat. I missed him, but he called every night. Mostly, he told me about his classes. I listened with growing enthusiasm. The more I learned about the ocean, the more fascinated I was. He offered to bring me some books. I told him I preferred to learn from him. “You’re a natural teacher,” I teased.
It was Thursday night, and I was listening to Evan talk about his classes again. I closed my eyes. He had the best voice. It was smooth, with just the right amount of depth. Every time he laughed, my heart skipped. 
“Tell me something that would surprise me,” I said. 
“About me?” he asked after a moment.
I laughed. “Well, you could do that, too, but I meant about the ocean. Something few people would know.”
By his silence, I presumed he was thinking. “You know the exhibit on sea monsters that we saw at the museum?”
“Yeah?”
“Some of them exist.”
“What? Like mermaids?” I joked.
No,” he said, not rising to the bait. “Like the giant squid. They’ve already found them washed ashore in Asia.”
“Really? That’s amazing.”
“I know. It’s hard to believe that something that large lives on this planet, and only a handful of people can claim to have ever seen one.”
“Makes you wonder what else is out there,” I said.
“Exactly,” he agreed. “It’s getting late, Meara. I better go. We’re on for Saturday night, right?”
“Yes, but are you going to tell me what we’re doing?”
“Not a chance. Good night.”
“Night.”
I hung up the phone and glanced at the clock. It was almost eleven. Definitely time to get some sleep. Mom and I were heading into Halifax in the morning. She had her usual appointment at the clinic but afterwards, she wanted to spend some time getting pampered. We were both in need of a haircut—the real fun, though, was splurging on manicures and pedicures. We were staying over at a hotel, returning home Saturday afternoon. I was excited to spend the time with her. I felt a stab of guilt for how much Evan consumed my thoughts. My mom needed me. She was struggling with her health. I made a promise to myself to be there for her going forward.
I more or less confessed as much to her on our drive to Halifax the next day. Mom patted my knee. “Meara, you’re a teenager, and Evan is your first real boyfriend. I’m happy for you.”
“But, Mom…”
“No buts. Why do you think I brought you here? If something happens to me…”
“Mom!”
“Let me finish.” She gave me one of her mom looks. “If something happens, you will be surrounded by people who love you.” She looked at me over the top of her sunglasses. “You are happy, right?”
I nodded and smiled at her. “I am.”
When we got to the clinic, a quick glance around the waiting room told me Ula wasn’t here. I wished she were. Hearing my mom’s contingency plan made me feel weepy. I wanted a friend to talk to, someone who was going through almost the same thing. Flopping down next to Mom, I picked up the latest copy of People magazine. I quickly buried my nose in it, not wanting my mom to see my tears. Too late. 
“Meara, are you okay?”
I looked up at her. “You’re asking me? Shouldn’t I ask you that?”
Her hair was falling out. I noticed a few days ago. She kept it pulled back under a wide headband, but it was thin and wispy, not thick and wavy like usual. That was part of the reason for the haircuts. Mom was getting hers cut short.
“I’m fine,” Mom said. “I’m going to beat this. I did it once, and I can do it again.”
She smiled at me. I knew she was trying to be brave. I returned the gesture, wanting to be brave, too. Deep inside, though, I worried. She was getting so thin. This morning when I hugged her, I could feel all the bones in her back.
The nurse called her, and she stood. I jumped up and hugged her, afraid to let go. “I love you, Mom.”
She kissed my cheek. “Love you, too, kiddo. I’ll be back soon.”
As I watched her follow the nurse, my only thought was that I wanted things to be as they always had been between us. Everything was changing. Our relationship, our family, was something different, something new. There were my grandparents, Lydia, Katie, and most importantly, Evan. They had changed my life, in more ways than one. Thinking about all of them, I appreciated all that my mom had done for me, moving us here. I was determined that the rest of the afternoon would be just about Mom and me. With all that she was going through, I was determined to make it a happy memory.
***
“Meara, are you awake?” 
I opened my eyes. Mom stood in front of me. My neck hurt, and my foot fell asleep. The last thing I remembered was putting down a magazine after I read every article in it and closing my eyes for a minute to rest. I guess I rested a bit too much. A quick mental calculation told me that I napped in the waiting room for about an hour and a half.
I stretched and yawned before asking, “Are you done?” 
“For today,” she said. “Are you ready to get pampered?”
Her grin was infectious, so I smiled back. The circles under her eyes looked darker, but otherwise, she seemed okay. 
“Yeah,” I said. “Let’s go.” The clinic waiting room depressed me. 
Lydia had recommended the salon, à La Mode. It was small—it only contained four styling stations—but what it lacked in space it made up for in style. Crystal chandeliers hung from the ornately tiled ceiling. The walls were painted in black, white, and hot pink. The effect could have been gaudy. They pulled it off. I’d never been to Paris, yet this is what I imagined it looked like. 
Mom’s stylist gave her a pixie cut, which diminished the effects of her treatments. The cut flattered her delicate features. She chose a soft, neutral pink for her fingernails and toenails. 
“Mom, you look great!” I said, and I meant it. The pampering was good for her; she looked more relaxed and happy than she had in weeks.
“I love your hairstyle,” Mom said. “It’s so bouncy.”
I didn’t get much length cut off, but I agreed when the hairdresser suggested layers. My hair hung past my shoulders, but the layers provided movement and framed my face. For my fingernails, I chose a color called Vampire Vixen, a glossy, burgundy shade. I picked bright silver for my toes. Mom raised her eyebrows, but didn’t comment. She liked neutral colors, and matching worked for her. I thought it was boring.
“Mom, are you sure you got this?” I asked when we got to the counter. It was more expensive than I thought it would be.
“I’ve got it, Meara. Don’t worry.” 
When we left the salon, Mom wanted to shop. We were in a shopping district. Stores lined both sides of the street for blocks.
“Are you sure?” I asked. “You’re not too tired?”
She brushed off my concern. “I’m fine.” 
Mom bought a new dress, two sweaters, and a pair of dress pants. The dress was for Thanksgiving, a coppery wrap dress that floated around her calves. It came with a braided belt of copper, silver, and gold. The clasp was a cluster of metal leaves. It was beautiful, and I told her so when she twirled to model it for me.
She insisted that I find a dress for Thanksgiving, too. We were going to go to the Mitchell’s house. They hosted a big dinner every year. The dress I found was much simpler, a deep green sweater dress. It was fitted and fell a little past mid-thigh. 
“That’s too short,” Mom protested, but when I agreed to wear tights and boots with it, she bought it for me.
Originally, we planned to go out to dinner but, after shopping, Mom was pale and tired. I drove us to the hotel, checked us in, and carried the bags to our room. Mom followed me up the stairs, took off her coat, and laid down to rest. While she napped, I turned on the TV to channel surf. I ended up watching the last half hour of a spy movie, and the entire romantic comedy that followed. Mom barely stirred on the bed next to me.
When the movie ended, I ordered a pizza. I brought money with me, so I paid for it. Mom stirred and sat up. 
“Smells good,” she said. “What did you order?”
“Cheese, sausage, and mushroom. Is that okay?”
“Perfect.” Mom came over and sat next to me. “What do I owe you?”
“I got it.”
“You don’t have to, but thank you.”
The guy who delivered the pizza forgot plates and napkins. So, we just opened the box and dug in. I was on my third piece before I noticed that Mom barely touched hers. She was picking at the mushrooms on top.
“Not hungry?” I asked. 
Mom sighed. “I guess not. My stomach’s a little queasy.”
“The medicine?”
“Yes.”
“Do you want me to get you something else? I could see if they have crackers or bread downstairs.”
Mom shook her head. “That’s okay. I’m not that hungry.” She stood up. “I’ll go downstairs and get some tea. Do you want anything?”
“I can come with you.”
“It’s okay, Meara. I’ll be fine. Do you want a Diet Coke?”
“Yes, please, if they have one.”
When Mom left the room, I put the rest of the pizza on the dresser next to the TV. I didn’t have much of an appetite anymore. I was worried about her. She was so thin, and she barely ate.
I put on my pajamas, which were yoga pants and a T-shirt. We weren’t going out tonight, so I might as well get comfy. As I lay in bed worrying about my mom and waiting for her to return, I wondered, when did our roles reverse?



The alarm blared, jarring me from a pleasant dream about Evan and our date last Saturday. He’d surprised me by taking me to a fancy restaurant. Our table overlooked the water. It was wonderfully romantic. I wished I was back there now. 
Blurry eyed, I reached out to hit snooze, cursed, and sat up. I might as well get going. It was the first day of school after all. I hated the process of figuring out where my classes were and who was in them. Today was no exception. In fact, it was worse. A new school in a new country—how much more nerve-wracking could you get?
Over the weekend, Katie had combed through my closet and helped me pick out the perfect outfit for the first day. I dressed, turning in front of the mirror and admitting she had a good eye. The dark green blouse complemented my eyes, turning them almost aqua. My waist looked tiny in the black pants, and my new boots, well, they were sexy as hell. I loved them. My hair wasn’t quite as bouncy as it had been when it was first cut, but it would do
I glanced at my bedroom clock—fifteen minutes until Katie picked me up. Enough time for breakfast at least. 
I was pleased to see that Grandma Mary made waffles and bacon, and a steaming plate of both was set out for me.
“Thanks, Grandma Mary!” When I smiled at her, I realized she really did feel like my grandmother now. 
“Syrup, Meara?” My mom passed me the bottle before I replied. I forgot about the name dilemma and focused on my breakfast instead. Mom watched me eat and sipped her coffee.
“Are you nervous?” she asked.
“A little.”
“First day jitters.” Mom smiled. “You’ll be fine.”
***
“Are you nervous?” Katie asked when I met her on the porch. “You look nervous.”
“I am,” I admitted. “A little.”
“It’ll be okay,” she said. “I can’t imagine high school here is all that different than anywhere else. Besides, you met several of my friends over the summer. I’ll introduce you to the rest. I’m sure you’ll get along just famously. We love you.” 
She gave me a hug, and I felt a little better.
When we arrived at school, the parking lot was almost full. I could see kids hanging out in groups across the campus. Katie waved at one or two people and honked at a few more. I was getting the impression she was popular, not that it surprised me. 
When I received my class list about three weeks ago, Katie compared it to hers. We shared the same lunch hour, and we had first period together. At least I could follow her to our class, and then I would be on my own until lunchtime. I had studied the campus map they mailed out with the paperwork. It didn’t look too complicated. 
As soon as we entered the building, Jen ran over to us. Her black hair, which had been past her shoulders this summer, was freshly cut into a chin-length bob. 
“Katie!” She hugged Katie enthusiastically and then turned to me, smiling warmly. “Good to see you again, Meara. Welcome to Halifax High.”
“Thanks,” I said. “Great haircut.”
Jen patted her hair self-consciously. “You like it?”
“Super cute,” Katie confirmed.
Jen started to fill us in on the latest gossip. Since I didn’t know anyone, it didn’t matter too much to me. I trailed slightly behind them as we walked, half listening and half taking in my surroundings. Jen stopped, and I caught myself just before I plowed into her back. 
“I’m so rude,” she said. “I’m sorry, Meara. I don’t mean to ignore you. This must be hard for you, being new and all.”
I shook my head. “It’s okay. I’m just trying to get my bearings, you know?”
“Right.” She nodded. A look of disgust crossed her face, and I wondered what I had done when she added, “I wouldn’t know anything about that since I’ve been here my whole life.”
“Before I came to Canada, I spent my whole life in Wisconsin. Let me tell you, it’s not any more exciting.”
“I guess,” she said. “I wouldn’t mind hearing about somewhere else…”
“Maybe later,” I said quickly. Or, maybe never, I thought. As if I wanted my new friends to realize how absolutely, terribly boring my life had been before I came here.
“I better go,” Jen said. “I’ve got science first period. It’s down the other hall.”
We said goodbye to Jen, and Katie led me further down the hall. When we reached the end, she gestured to a door on the right side.
“Here’s our class. Do you want to go first or should I?”
“You,” I said. I felt like a coward, but she was the one who knew people here. 
What if I sat by the most annoying kid in school? Or the one who tried to cheat? No, better that she found a seat first. She’d know where to go.
Katie waved to a few boys in the back before walking to the far side of the room and sitting about halfway. She motioned to the seat in front of her. I quickly took it.
Mr. Murphy started as soon as the bell rang. He introduced himself and provided a high-level outline of what we would cover this year. One of the Shakespeare plays we were going to read, Hamlet, I had already covered my sophomore year. Everything else would be new. Perfect. I liked to read, but I didn’t care to re-read.
I made it through my morning classes with no major mishaps. Valerie, another friend of Katie’s that I had met at the Canada Day festival, was in my Biology class. It helped to have a friendly face nearby, and I was feeling more confident by the time lunch rolled around.
Katie was partially standing and waving to me when I came into the cafeteria. I was glad she had been looking out—most of the tables were already full. I would’ve been lost if I hadn’t seen her. She scooted over to make room for me, and I sat down next to her.
“How’s it going?” she said, handing me a Diet Coke and a bag of chips. “I stopped at the vending machine for you. I forgot to mention that you do not want to eat the hot lunch here. If you can, avoid it at all costs. Oh…” She dug in her backpack and pulled out an apple. “This is for you, too.”
“Thanks, Mom.” I grinned at her, and she laughed.
“How’re things going?” Jen asked as she took a seat across from me.
“Good,” I said. “Val’s in my Biology class.”
Jen nodded at the lunch line. “She’s coming. She’s getting hot lunch.”
“I can’t believe she likes that stuff,” Katie said.
“I know,” Jen replied. They both shuddered, which made me laugh.
“C’mon,” I said. “It can’t be that bad.”
“Just you wait,” Jen whispered, leaning across the table. “Here she comes now.”
Valerie sat down next to Jen. I had to admit, the lunch didn’t look too appetizing. 
“What’s for lunch today?” Jen asked.
“Can’t you tell?” Val frowned at her before digging her fork into her food and taking a bite. “Mmmm. It’s meatloaf. Yummy.” She looked at my chips and apple. “That’s all you’re eating?”
“I’m not hungry,” I said, and it was true. I bit the apple and avoided looking at Val’s meal while I chewed.
Jen, Katie, and Val launched into a fresh batch of school gossip. Not knowing anyone yet, I wasn’t really interested and studied the lunchroom instead. It was funny how you could be in a totally different country and be reminded so much of home. The faces were all different, but other than that, it could have been a high school anywhere. From what I could tell, there were the same cliques and groups here that were at my high school back in Cedarburg. Actually, I found that comforting. At least I knew what I was getting into.
“Meara?” Katie was looking at me funny. Great. How long had she been calling my name? “Are you okay?”
“Sure,” I said. “Just thinking about how similar Halifax is to Cedarburg.”
Katie’s expression turned smug, and I remembered her words in the car this morning. “Told you so. See, Meara, you’ll fit in fine here.”
“Uh huh.” I was not entirely convinced. I threw away what was left of my lunch. Nerves usually worked as an excellent appetite suppressant for me. It was the only time I couldn’t eat.
“What do you have now?” Katie asked.
I glanced at my schedule, since I had already forgotten. After I looked, I wished I hadn’t. “Ugh. Gym class.”
“Me, too!” Val said, coming over to stand next to me. “I’ll walk with you.”
“Great. See you later, Katie. Jen.”
They waved and walked away. Val and I started toward the gymnasium.
“Do you play sports?” she asked. She walked with a natural grace. No wonder she was on Katie’s volleyball team. 
“Not really,” I said. “I played a bit in grade school, but I wasn’t good.”
She frowned. “That’s too bad. We could’ve used another strong setter on our team.”
“Katie already tried to recruit me.”
She flashed me a grin. “Figures.”
After gym, I had history and psychology. The rest of the day passed quickly. As far as first days of school went, I chalked this one up as a success. Katie was right. Her friends were great, and I was confident that I would soon be calling at least some of them my friends, too.


 
"Ms. Quinn, what is your answer?”
I felt my face go hot. Busted. I’d just sent Evan a text, and I had no idea what Mr. Hersh asked me. Thankfully, I’d managed to slide my phone into the pocket of my jeans before he caught me.
“Could you repeat the question?”
Mr. Hersh looked at me over the top of his glasses. “Pay attention, young lady.” His eyes scanned the room before landing on the brunette in the front row. “Simone, did you hear the question?”
“Yes, Mr. Hersh.” Simone turned and gave me a smug smile before answering. “World War II ended in 1945.”
I slid lower in my chair, grateful that the class had turned their attention away from me. My phone vibrated in my pocket, but I didn’t dare look at it. 
The bell rang. Finally! School was over. 
I walked back to my locker and threw my books in, grateful that I finished my homework in study hall. At least I didn’t have to worry about that this weekend. I was a little sad that Evan wasn’t coming home. I hadn’t seen him for over a week.
My phone vibrated. I pulled it out, only then remembering the text I received during History class. The first was Katie. TGIF! She was probably already in the gym since she had volleyball practice tonight. There was a big volleyball tournament tomorrow. “It’s last-minute prep,” Katie told me on the way into school. “Coach insists, although we’re totally ready.”
My heart sped up when I read the second text, which was from Evan. I’m out front.
I grabbed my jacket and bag, slamming my locker closed. He was here! I hurried to the main door, but made myself slow down as I pushed it open. I didn’t want to appear too eager. He leaned on his car, surrounded by a group of people. I recognized a guy from my science class, but the rest were strangers. I saw the moment that he noticed me—his eyes lit up, and his attention focused entirely on me. The rest of the group turned to look where he was staring. Embarrassed again, I felt my face heat up.
“Hi Meara,” the guy said as I approached. I waved and hoped it wasn’t obvious that I couldn’t remember his name. He turned to Evan. “Catch you later.”
“Sounds good, Max,” Evan said. Ah, right. Max Spencer. Max left, and the others followed. He was on the hockey team, if I remembered correctly.
“I didn’t mean to scare off your friends,” I said. Evan laughed and pulled me into his arms.
“I’m glad you did. Now I have you all to myself.” He kissed me. I shivered slightly and leaned into him. Breathing in his cologne, I rested my head on his shoulder. I hadn’t realized how much I’d missed him. 
“How was the first week?” he asked.
“Not bad,” I admitted, stepping back to give us some room. I didn’t want to make a scene. “It exceeded my expectations.”
“Meara,” he said, shaking his head. “You could have tripped in the lunchroom on Monday, dropped all of your books in front of everyone on Wednesday, and slammed your fingers in your locker today, and that would have exceeded your expectations. When they’re that low, there is nowhere to go but up.”
“True,” I said. “But I didn’t trip or drop my books or slam my fingers.”
He took my left hand and kissed the tips of my fingers, then pretended to inspect them. “You’re right. They look fine to me.”
“I’m thrilled you’re here, but where’s my mom?” Mom told me this morning she was planning to pick me up after her appointment. She knew Katie wouldn’t be done with practice until much later.
“I think her appointment ended early. She called and asked if I could pick you up.”
“That’s weird. She’s never done early.”
“Maybe she’s getting better?”
“Maybe.” I didn’t believe it. This morning, her face was ridiculously pale, and her hair seemed to thin before my eyes. Just two days ago, she’d started covering her head with a scarf when she went out.
Evan opened the car door. “You ready?”
“Are you sure this is okay? I know you’re busy with school…” 
“Get in, Meara. I wouldn’t pass up an opportunity to see you. I’ll study first thing tomorrow. I promise.”
The car was warm and smelled like Evan’s cologne—clean and sporty. I loved that smell.
“Are you hungry?” he asked as he pulled out and merged into the “get me the hell out of here, it’s Friday” traffic.
“Antonio’s?” I suggested. A few weeks ago, he took me to his favorite pizza restaurant in Halifax. It was near campus and super yummy. I’d been craving it ever since.
“Antonio’s it is.”
Twenty minutes later, a hot, steaming pizza was placed between us. It smelled amazing, but I knew better than to try and bite into a slice right away. I burnt my mouth the first time. I slid a piece onto my plate to cool and sipped my Diet Coke instead.
“Can you show me around after?” I asked. “You know, since we’re so close to campus?”
“Sure. We can take a walk. You can see my dorm room, too.” I raised my eyebrow at him, and he lifted his hands in defense. “What? I have a roommate. Chances are that he’ll be there.”
I laughed. “I’m just teasing you.”
“Just for that…” He reached over and took my cooled slice, taking a huge bite.
“Evan!”
“What? It’s good. Why don’t you have some?”
I rolled my eyes, but couldn’t help smiling. The pizza had cooled a bit, and I was able to eat the first slice I took. The cheesy tomato perfection melted in my mouth. It didn’t take long for us to finish the whole thing.
Our waitress brought the check and placed it on the table. I reached out, but Evan covered my hand before I could take it. 
“I’ve got it.”
“You don’t have to—you’re not working anymore.”
“Meara, I can pay for it. Let me treat you.”
Okay.” I relented, looking into his puppy dog eyes. “Thank you.” 
“Anytime.” He pulled out his wallet and paid before sliding out of the booth to stand next to me. When I stood, he took my hand. “We’ll just leave the car here. Campus is literally two blocks away.”
As we walked, Evan pointed out the coffee shop where he got breakfast, the bookstore, which carried university sweatshirts, and even the Laundromat, although he admitted that he rarely used it. He brought his clothes home.
“You make your mom wash your clothes?”
“She likes to do it. She insists.”
“Yeah, right.” I gave him a little nudge, and he laughed. 
“Okay, so maybe she doesn’t like it,” he admitted.
“I’m sure she’s got enough laundry with the inn and all…”
“You’re right.” He sighed dramatically. “I suppose I could do my own laundry.” He stopped and motioned in front of us. “We’re here.”
If I hadn’t been caught up in teasing Evan, I would have noticed that the rows of neat shops had ended at the start of a beautiful, green space. Neatly trimmed hedges and tall trees lined several paths, which led up to classic, brick buildings.
“It’s beautiful,” I said.
“It’s not bad.” He tugged my hand. “C’mon, I’ll show you the science building.”
We took the path on the right and passed several buildings. The air was cooling, but comfortable, and many windows were open. Between the movie posters I could see on the walls, and the various songs I could hear blaring from within, I knew these had to be dorms.
“Do you live in one of these?” I asked.
Evan didn’t even glance up at them. “No, I live on the other side of campus. These are for upperclassmen.”
“Oh.”
Evan stopped in front of a long building. It looked more modern that the others we passed. I guessed it was built at least fifty years later.
“Is this the science building?”
“This is it,” he said. “Want to go inside?”
“It’s open?”
“Night classes. It will be open until nine or so.”
I stared at the building. I wasn’t sure I was comfortable going inside. “Will we get in trouble?”
“Why would we get in trouble?” He tugged at my hand. “C’mon, Meara. We won’t stay long.”
As we walked up the stairs, I felt a prickle on the back of my neck. It was the most curious feeling, like someone was watching me. On one hand, I wanted to turn around and see who it was. On the other, I was scared. I’d never had that feeling before. It creeped me out. Curiosity won. I turned around.
A man stood near a tree in the middle of the green space. I couldn’t make out his features. He was tall, and his hair was light. He nodded his head, turned, and walked away. The feeling vanished.
“Do you know him?” Evan asked, and I startled. For a moment, I forgot he was there.
“No, I thought maybe you did.” I looked up at Evan, and he shook his head.
“Never seen him before.” Evan opened the door. “I’ll show you the lab first.”
Evan was like a kid in a candy shop. He was so excited about everything in the building. Science was not my favorite subject, but it was hard not to get caught in his enthusiasm. He was so focused, so passionate about what he believed in. I thought about how it felt when he turned that same focus on me. My face grew hot.
“Are you okay?” Evan asked.
“Fine,” I blurted. “Where are we going next?”
“Do you want to see the animals?”
“Animals? Like classroom pets?”
He grinned at me. “Kind of. We keep them for observation. Most are retired zoo or circus performers.”
“What kind of animals?”
“You’ll see…”
We walked down an empty corridor and through the door at the end. It was a staircase, and Evan led me down. The air took on an unusual smell, and I heard splashing.
“Is there a pool in here?”
“Of sorts.” Evan opened the door. “Ta da! Our pets.”
The lights were dimmed, but I could clearly make out the large tank of water and the animals swimming inside. “Seals?”
“And sea lions. We have some pretty cool aquariums, too. In the room back there.” He pointed to the back corner. “Do you want to get closer? We can climb on the platform.”
The door Evan had just pointed at burst open. “Excuse me, but no one is allowed in here after hours.” A nervous-looking man approached us. When he saw Evan, he relaxed. “Oh, Mr. Mitchell. It’s just you.”
“Hi, Professor Nolan. Sorry, I was just showing my girlfriend, Meara, the animals. We’ll go now.”
“No problem. Take your time.” He smiled at me and nodded at Evan before going back the way he came. I was impressed. A teacher had never given me that kind of respect.
“Wow. Mister Mitchell. Very impressive,” I whispered to him. 
“Very funny,” he whispered back. He put his hands on my lower back and guided me to the stairs.
“I have a part-time job here, you know, caring for the animals.” He spoke quietly next to my ear. “Professor Nolan heads the research program. He’s a pretty cool guy. Nervous, but he knows his stuff”
The stairs that lead to the top of the tank were covered in wide strips of non-slip material. 
“Are we going to get wet?” I asked.
“I don’t think so,” Evan said.
Great, I thought. I didn’t feel like spending the night in wet clothes.
The platform was sturdy and dry. It was actually much higher than the surface of the tank. A ladder led down about three feet to another platform below, where the seals and sea lions could come out and rest.
“Do you want to go down?” Evan asked.
I looked down. Pools of water scattered across the platform. “Looks kinda wet.”
Evan laughed. “We can stay here.”
We sat on the edge of the platform. It didn’t take long for the animals to notice us. They started to jump and spin as if they were performing. Then, one by one, they came onto the platform below us. Soon, they were barking.
“They like you,” Evan said.
“Why…What…?” Then I remembered that he said he worked here. I shoved his arm playfully. “Right. You feed them, don’t you?”
He laughed. “Yes, I do. It’s past their dinnertime, but we can give them a snack.”
“Do we have to go down there?”
“No, we’ll just toss it over.” He walked to a cooler at the back of the platform, picked up a bucket near it, and filled it. He brought it back over. “Frozen fish. They love it.”
I looked in the bucket. The fish looked disgusting, and smelled, well, fishy. Evan looked at me, so I picked one up. I fought the urge to drop it or gag. It was slimy. 
“Now what?” I asked. The tail was pinched between my fingers.
“Toss it down.” He threw a few fish down to the animals. The group nearest dove for them, the rest looked at me expectantly.
“You’re going to need more than one,” Evan said.
I took a handful and dropped them down. Then another. It was kind of fun. When the fish were all gone, Evan showed me where the women’s bathroom was so I could wash my hands. 
We went back to the stairwell. When we reached the main floor, I turned and wrapped my arms around his neck. “Thank you for the tour. I’m impressed. You’ve made a name for yourself.”
“I like it here.” His arms went around my waist. “But I miss you.”
Evan leaned down and kissed me. A quick glance confirmed the hall was empty. Apparently, night classes were not held in this corridor. I thought about the last time he kissed me like this. The night of his hockey game. I remembered what else happened that night, and I broke the kiss, looking down. I couldn’t meet his eyes.
That was the same night of David’s last visit. When I confirmed he was real, and he told me he wasn’t human. I hadn’t said anything to Evan yet.
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
I cleared my throat, and finally looked up at him. “I need to tell you something. I’m not sure where to begin.”
“There’s always the beginning,” he joked. His expression grew serious when I didn’t laugh. “What is it, Meara?”
“I saw David again.”
“Your father?” he asked. “When?”
“I had a dream about him my first night here, and I had a few more after that,” I said. “I thought they were just dreams, but then he showed up in Katie’s room…”
“What do you mean ‘he showed up’?”
I shrugged. Under Evan’s gaze, this was even harder than I imagined. “I woke up and looked at the clock. I heard someone clear their throat, and David was standing by the window.”
“When did this happen?”
“The night we came to your game…”
“Why was he there?”
“To talk to me, I guess, although he never tells me anything useful. He just spouts obscure garbage and then disappears.”
“What does he say?”
“Stuff like, ‘he had to leave, I’ll understand someday…he’s not human…’” The last part was barely a whisper.
“Wait. What?”
I looked up at Evan, and then glanced down the hall. It was still empty. I didn’t need anyone else listening and thinking I was crazy. “He says he’s not human.”
“What is he?” 
“I don’t know!” I ran my hand through my hair. “He wouldn’t tell me.”
“And you’re sure he was there? You weren’t dreaming him?” I could tell Evan was trying to be understanding, even if he didn’t believe me.
“I was awake. I know it. I’m not even sure the dreams were dreams. I mean, the first time I saw him, he looked exactly as he did in that picture Katie gave me.”
“What picture?”
“The one of the four of them together. The one on the beach.”
“Katie took it from my mom’s room?” Evan seemed mad about this.
“I don’t know,” I said. “She gave it to me a few weeks ago while we were shopping.”
“Do you have it with you?”
“No, it’s at home on my dresser. Why?”
Evan shook his head. “I’m not sure. I don’t understand how he can look the same as he did then. That was seventeen years ago…”
“He said he’s not human. Maybe he doesn’t age.”
“Meara.” Evan sounded a little exasperated when he said my name. “You don’t believe that, do you? What would he be? He’s probably just referring to his behavior. You know, how it was inhumane to leave you and your mom.”
“I suppose.” I frowned and considered what Evan said. It didn’t sound right, yet I had no evidence to argue otherwise. David gave me no clues as to what he was, if not human. He sure looked human.
“So, is he living here now?”
“I guess,” I said. “He told me he was back.”
“But not where he’s living?”
“No.”
“Did you ask your mom?” 
I shook my head. “No, I just told her about my dreams.”
“And?”
I chewed my lower lip. I was ready for this conversation to be done. “She didn’t say much except that it’s natural for me to dream about him since we’re here now, where she met him, and I never had. As far as I know, she hasn’t seen him.”
“I’m surprised he wouldn’t talk to her first. Do you think he’s here to take you?”
A chill ran down my back, and I gave an involuntary gasp. “I hadn’t even considered that. But, I’m seventeen years old. In a few months, I’ll be eighteen. Why would he come now if he wanted to take me? Why not when I was little?”
“No idea,” Evan said. “It was just a guess.” He took my hand and squeezed. “Let’s go back to my dorm. It’s more comfortable than a deserted hallway.”
I followed Evan out of the building and across the green space. His dormitory was almost directly across from the science building.
“Convenient to be so close,” I said.
Evan gave me a lopsided grin before opening the door for me. As we walked to his room, we passed several people in the hall. Everyone smiled, waved, or said hi. I wondered if Evan was friends with them or people were just friendly here. Outside his room, he slid the key card and opened the door. It was dark.
“Okay, so my roommate’s not here.”
“Apparently.”
“I’ll be on my best behavior.” He held his hands up in a gesture of innocence, but his wink ruined it. 
I laughed. “Uh huh.”
The room was relatively clean, considering two guys lived here. Evan’s bed wasn’t neatly made, but the comforter at least covered the sheet. On the dresser was a framed picture of his family, one of me, and a bottle of cologne. That great cool, spicy smell that was Evan wafted lightly from the bottle when I picked it up. He cleared his throat, and I turned to find him sitting on the bed watching me.
“I saw your dad once,” Evan said. “At least, I think it was him.” 
“How’d you know it was him?”
He shrugged. “That picture Mom has in her room of the four of them. She keeps it on her dresser.”
I knew what he was talking about. It was the picture Katie showed me. I turned and looked at him. “When?” 
“About ten years ago. I was covering the neighbor kid’s paper route. He was on the rocks. Near the lighthouse.”
The lighthouse? That was where I saw him, too, twice before in my dreams. “Did he see you?”
“I don’t think so. If he did, he didn’t say anything. I was on my bike, and it was early. I didn’t know what he was doing there. It spooked me.”
“Do you remember when you saw him? The time of year?” 
“Yeah. Because it was freezing. February.”
What was my father doing in Peggy’s Cove the month of my seventh birthday?



The next day, I found Mom in the yard, facing the sea. She wore her pink robe over jeans and a sweater. She had gotten so thin that she was constantly cold. It wasn’t unusual to find her dressed in layers, while the rest of us wore only t-shirts. I approached her slowly, not wanting to surprise her. She turned as I neared her chair and motioned for me to sit on the end. I leaned over and hugged her, kissing her cheek. Her skin felt soft, her body frail.
I knew I looked tense. I couldn’t seem to put on pretenses any longer. I was so worried about her that I bordered on being physically sick. “Hi, Mom. How are you?”
I’m okay,” she said. I rarely heard, I’m well or I’m good anymore. I suppose okay was a neutral word, but it didn’t tell me how she was really feeling. As always, she changed the subject. “How are you, Meara? How are things with Evan?”
“Everything’s fine,” I said. “I told him about David.”
She watched my face closely. “What did you say?”
“I just told him how I dreamed about David. Or, I thought they were dreams. The last time, he was there.”
“What?” Mom sat upright and stared at me. “When? You didn’t tell me about this.”
Her reaction surprised me. She almost seemed scared. “It was the night I stayed over at Katie’s house.”
“What did your father say?”
“Not much.” I paused and took a deep breath. “Mom, he told me that he wasn’t human.”
At first, Mom seemed like she was about to say something. Then the look passed. She bent her head and took a sip of her coffee, not meeting my eyes. 
“Mom?” I said. “Do you know why he might say that?”
“I don’t know,” she murmured. “That’s an odd thing to say.” There was something my mom wasn’t telling me. I could always tell when she was holding something back. 
“I asked him why he left us,” I said, watching her closely. As I suspected, there was something there. She was trying hard to remain neutral. It wasn’t working. “He said he couldn’t see us, not that he wouldn’t see us. He also said that he hadn’t expected you to take me inland.”
I paused and then added, “Does that mean anything to you?”
She fluttered her hands near the opening of her robe, clearly struggling. A light pink flush spread up her neck and across her cheeks. I waited. She didn’t say anything. 
“Mom?” 
Her eyes glittered with tears, and she took a deep breath. “Oh, Meara, I’m so sorry!” she cried. “When you’re father left, I was heartbroken. I couldn’t take the chance that he would try to take you from me too. So, when the opportunity came, I took you and moved to the States.”
“Why would he take me away?”
“I didn’t know if he would. I didn’t know if it was something he could control…” She trailed off, staring out at the sea.
“I don’t understand.” This wasn’t making any sense. If my parents loved each other, why would my dad take me away? “You took me to Wisconsin to keep me from my father?”
She looked at me with remorse. “I never wanted to keep you from your father. I had no way of knowing whether he would come back or not. And, I…”
I interrupted her. It was rude, but I wanted answers. “Why wouldn’t he come back for us? Why is everything such a mystery?”
She paused and stared in her cup, purposefully avoiding my eyes. “Your father has secrets,” she said in barely a whisper.
“What are they?” I demanded.
She shook her head. “You have to ask him, Meara. They’re not mine to tell.”
Frustrated, I stood and began to pace. “I’ve tried. He won’t tell me.”
She leaned back and looked at me then. “Well, then the timing’s not right.”
“You sound like him!”
She shrugged. Her face was once again neutral.
“You won’t tell me.” It was a statement, not a question. My voice quivered as I tried to control my anger. 
Mom held her ground. “No, not about this.”
“Fine!” I said. I turned to stalk back to the house. I heard my mom call my name, quiet at first, and then more insistent. I paused, not looking back. “Yes?”
“I know it’s hard, Meara. Please have some patience. I’m sure your father has his reasons for not telling you. When the time is right, you’ll know.”
I went inside. I didn’t feel her request warranted a response.
***
I didn’t mean to let the door bang into the wall when I came in. I was so angry. Why wouldn’t my parents talk to me? How awful was this big secret? What could my father be? Was he an alien? I couldn’t imagine any other kind of non-human being. Werewolves and vampires didn’t exist, and nor did mermaids or pixies. Evan had to be right. It had to be a figure of speech. I could agree with that. He was an inhuman jerk for leaving us.
I ran down the hall, kicked off my shoes, and flopped on my bed. I heard pans rattling in the kitchen as I passed. I didn’t stop to talk to my grandmother. I was feeling sorry for myself. Today, misery did not want company.
I put my hands behind my head and stared at the ceiling, not thinking about anything in particular. Eventually, my eyes wandered to the pictures on my dresser. I rose, grabbed the frame, and went back to the bed. I stared at my parents and Evan’s parents. They all looked so happy. My mom was so pretty, and David was good looking. They made a nice couple. What happened? What was the reason why he couldn’t stay?
My phone rang. I didn’t feel like talking. Kim’s name appeared on the display. I missed her. We’d been exchanging texts and emails, but we hadn’t talked in weeks. She was busy having fun, and I was busy…well, busy.
“Hi Kim,” I said. I tried to keep my voice cheerful so she wouldn’t hear how I felt. I shouldn’t have bothered—she was crying.
“H-he, he dumped me,” she managed to get out between her sobs. I didn’t have to ask who she was talking about. I’d hoped they would break up, because I figured Mike was cheating on her anyway. I didn’t like to see her sad.
“What happened?” I asked her.
“He left me for Sally Paulson.”
I knew Sally. She was rich—beautiful and a cheerleader—not nice though. When we were in eighth grade and she was in seventh, she got in trouble for bullying another girl. I was sure that Sally was making the breakup even harder on Kim, and I wished that I could be there to help her through it. 
“I’m sorry, Kim,” I said. “Mike’s totally slumming it.”
“No kidding,” Kim said. “I think she got a boob job over the summer. That’s totally got to be it.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” I said, although I didn’t think so. It wouldn’t surprise me if Mike had been seeing Sally on the side for a while, at least for the past summer while Kim was gone. I couldn’t tell her that.
“You’re terrible at emailing.” She sniffed, but the drama was over. That was the great thing about Kim. She vented and moved on. I didn’t answer her; I knew she was right. I wasn’t one for including a lot of details. “So, spill, Quinn. What’s going on in your life?”
“Besides what I sent you in my last email?” I asked sweetly. She snorted in reply, and I laughed. “What would you like to know?”
“Come on, Meara! Do I have to beg? Dish on that hot boyfriend of yours. You’re together, right?”
“Right.” I recounted almost the entire last month. By the time I was done, Kim sounded happier. And, she perked up considerably when she told me she had a date tonight. I was happy that she wasn’t going to be sitting home and moping. 
“So….” Kim said. “I have news.”
“Besides your date?”
“Better than my date.”
I waited, but she didn’t say anything. “Well?” I asked.
“I’m coming to see you!” she squealed.
“What? When?” I asked.
“The second weekend in October. I’m flying in on Friday,” she said. “We don’t have school that day, so my parents said okay. I called your mom, and she helped me arrange everything. I was going to surprise you, but I—” 
“Can’t keep a secret,” we said at the same time, and then laughed.
“That’s the best news,” I told her. “I wonder if Mom will let me skip out of school early on Friday?”
“Uh huh,” Kim said. “That’s what she told me.”
“Sweet!” I’d be able to meet her at the airport. “How long can you stay?”
“That’s the best part,” Kim said. “My parents are letting me skip two days of school. My flight home isn’t until Tuesday.”
“Then you get to celebrate Thanksgiving with us,” I said.
“I’m coming in Oct-o-ber…” 
“I know. Canadians celebrate Thanksgiving in October.”
“That’s weird,” Kim said. “Do they eat a big turkey dinner with the fixings?”
“I think so.”
“I’m good with that. I get to have Thanksgiving twice this year then.”
“Lucky you,” I told her. Kim promised to email me her flight information, and after I helped her decide between a blue sweater and purple blouse for tonight’s date—which was not easy to determine over the phone—we said goodbye so she could get ready.
I flopped back down on my bed, considerably happier. My best friend was coming to visit!
***
Sunday morning I sat on my bed, staring out my window and contemplating what to do. I had the whole day to myself, and the house was empty. My grandparents and Mom had gone over to Lydia’s for brunch. Yesterday, after I talked to Kim, I finished my homework. Not exciting, but it had to be done. Last night, Katie and I went to Evan’s game. It was a close call. Evan’s team won. Afterwards, I only saw him for a few minutes. He needed to go back to the dorm and finish a big project. So, Brian took us to his favorite diner for burgers. Afterwards, we went home.
I told Katie that Kim was coming to visit. I was excited to introduce her to everyone. I planned to tell Kim about David, too. I hadn’t mentioned anything yet, wanting to see her face when I told her.
The house was so quiet. I read for a while and tried to watch TV. Nothing held my attention. I was finally desperate enough to clean my room. Turning my music on loud, the way I always cleaned, I got busy. An hour later, my room was spotless. It was time I got out of the house. Walking outside, I was surprised to see my grandmother raking in the yard. “You’re back?”
She looked up at me. “Sure, sweetie. We got back about an hour ago. You looked so busy in your room, so we didn’t want to disturb you.” 
“Where’s Mom?” I asked. Since she went out this morning, I hoped that meant her migraine was gone.
The smile vanished from Grandma Mary’s face. “She’s sleeping in her room. Her head started bothering her again about an hour ago.”
I dug my toe into a small mound of upturned earth, swallowing the heavy lump in my throat. “I’m going to check on her,” I said, without looking up. I knew if I met my grandmother’s eyes, I would cry.
“Okay, honey. Let me know if she needs anything.”
Heading toward my mom’s room, I was lost in my own thoughts. As I neared her door, I paused and listened. How odd. I heard two voices coming from her room—hers, of course, and a deeper, male voice. It sounded familiar. I couldn’t quite place it. I knew it wasn’t my grandfather. I stepped closer, taking care to avoid the squeaky board in the middle of the hall, and came up short just outside of her room where I wouldn’t be seen.
“…Sharon, love, I would have come sooner, but I wasn’t sure how you were going to react…”
“How I was going to react? You’ve been gone for seventeen years, David. You left me with our infant daughter. I knew, of course I knew, the possibility was there that you were going to leave me. I’d hoped that my love for you, our love for each other, was enough to keep you here.”
“I never promised you anything, Sharon. In fact, if you recall, I warned you before we ever got involved.”
Silence ensued. As I waited for my mom’s response, I realized I was holding my breath, so I let it out in a quiet gush. The mysterious male voice was David. He was here, in our house, in broad daylight, visiting my mother. I wasn’t sure what to do, but something told me this was not the time to pop in and say ‘hello’. Curiosity got the better of me, and I waited silently, my back against the wall, to see what would be revealed.
Finally, my mom spoke. “You were right, of course.”
“Do you think that I don’t know my own nature?” His voice sounded sad. “If I could change things, change who I am, you know that I would. I would have liked to have been there for you both.” I heard something hit a wall with force, and I cringed. “Damn it, Sharon! Why did you have to take her to the mainland? Why did you hide her from me?”
“Do you have to ask?” Mom’s reply was so quiet that I barely heard it.
“Am I that much of a beast?” David asked. Hearing the tone of his voice, I pictured a sneer marring his face. “Do you think I would steal our daughter from you?”
“I didn’t think you would intentionally, but what about her? What would her choice have been?” I had to strain to hear my mom now. Without thinking, I had moved so close that I was within the doorframe and able to see my mom sitting on her bed, her back to David. He stared at her with a dark expression on his face. 
“What if she had left me as you did?” Mom’s voice was little more than a whisper. I made out the words, but didn’t understand what she was saying. I was only a baby. Why would I have left her? How could I have left her? 
Whatever I missed, David understood. His face softened and he dropped to her side, placing his hands on her face. “Oh, Sharon, is that what has worried you all these years? That she would come with me of her own free will?”
Mom nodded, closing her eyes tight. It didn’t stop the tears from escaping. “I couldn’t bear it, David. I couldn’t lose her, too.”
He kissed her, and she clung to him as if her life depended on it. I turned away. It was a private moment. Why did Mom worry that I would leave her? I would never leave her. She was everything to me. I walked back outside. I’d heard enough for one day.
Grandma Mary looked up as I came out. “How is she?”
“Resting peacefully,” I lied. I worried that something on my face or in my posture would give me away. My grandmother merely nodded and turned back to clearing the dead stems out of her flowerbed. I started past her, down the driveway.
“Wherever you’re headed, Meara, be back in about two hours for dinner.” 
“I will,” I called back, although that was a good question. Where was I headed? I didn’t know where to go. This was turning out to be a strange day. I wanted to think more about my mom and David’s conversation. I had no idea where to start. I was trying to put together a puzzle that was missing all the center pieces. Sure, I had the border more or less figured out, but the whole picture, the main part of it, was a mystery.
Evan wasn’t coming over tonight, and Katie was either at work or hanging out with Brian. I was on my own.
I realized that I was heading down the path to the shoreline. Apparently, some part of my brain knew where I wanted to go. When I realized it, I quickened my pace. The brush cleared and I stood before a mile or two of rocky shore, the large stones smoothed by water over time. The sun, low on the horizon, bathed the ocean in fiery shades of red and orange. The scene staggered me—the rough, natural beauty of it. There was no one else in sight. 
I sat on a large, flat boulder. Leaning back, I rested on my elbows, staring off at the roughest waves. That was when I saw it—a large, grey seal sitting on the edge of the shore. It looked at me with its enormous, wise eyes. As I watched, it nodded as if in greeting. Had I not been alone, I would have felt silly. Seeing as no one else was here to witness, I nodded back. It stretched its neck out and barked. Was it talking to me? No, I was being ridiculous. As we watched each other, I couldn’t help feeling a connection to the magnificent animal. 
I rose and approached. It watched me cautiously. When I got within five feet, it turned and slid into the sea. I stood for a moment, feeling a profound sense of loss. I didn’t understand the feeling, but it was there nonetheless. I watched until the sky darkened to a brilliant pink purple. The seal didn’t return. With a sigh, I headed home.



The next few weeks of school passed quickly as I anticipated Kim’s visit. Before I knew it, Evan and I were waiting for her in the airport lobby. It was the Friday afternoon before Thanksgiving—the one that fell on a Monday, that was. Would I ever get used to Canadian holidays? I bounced on my toes, straining to see Kim coming out of the gate before she spotted us. Evan leaned down and whispered in my ear, “A bit excited, aren’t you?”
I didn’t turn to him for fear of missing that first glimpse of her, and the expression on her face when she saw me. “She’s my best friend, Evan. And, it’s been almost six months since I saw her last.” 
“I know, I know. I’m just teasing.”
“There she is!” I began to wave when I spotted Kim’s strawberry-blond curls. She was walking next to a man in a business suit. He was pretty good looking for someone who had to be in his forties. She was talking animatedly, and he nodded in reply, a bemused expression on his face. Leave it to Kim to have made friends on the plane. I pointed to her. “She’s the one in the green sweater.” 
“Oh? You mean the one running at us?” Evan asked. When I looked back, Kim was indeed running at us. Within seconds, she tackled me, wrapping me in a big bear hug. Well, as big of a bear hug as my barely five-foot-tall friend could give.
“Meara, you look fabulous!” 
“Thanks. You do, too. Single life is treating you well.”
She shrugged. “I’m not single anymore, but we can discuss that later. Oh, I can’t wait to hear all about everything. Let’s grab my bags and get out of here. I’m ready for a good meal and lots of juicy gossip, I hope.” She linked her arm through mine, then looked up and saw Evan. Her jaw dropped slightly. She recovered fast, snapping it closed. She raised one eyebrow—speculating, I’m sure—and then tapped me on the arm lightly. “Were you planning on introducing me, Meara?”
“Maybe if you stop talking for a minute,” I teased. “Kim, this is Evan. Evan, my best friend, Kim Greeley.”
Kim extended her hand and gave Evan one of her widest, dimpled smiles. “Nice to meet you, Evan. Meara’s told me a bit about you.” She scowled at me. “Not as much as I’d like to hear, of course.”
“Of course.” Evan nodded in agreement. His eyes lit with laughter. “It’s nice to meet you, too, Kim.”
Kim linked her arm through mine and talked nonstop as we walked to baggage claim. Evan grinned at me when she wasn’t looking. I just rolled my eyes. It was so Kim, and to be honest, I found it comforting to know she hadn’t changed. 
From the moment we picked her up until we said goodnight to Evan, Kim kept the conversation flowing nonstop. We went out for pizza, and then headed back home. When Evan dropped us off, he and Kim were well on their way to becoming friends. I shouldn’t have been surprised, knowing Kim and her outgoing personality, but a part of me just couldn’t believe how easily my oldest friend fit into my new life. 
We all got out of the car and started walking toward the door. Kim stopped us, patting Evan on the arm and giving me a quick squeeze. “I’m just going to run up, say hi to your mom, and introduce myself to your grandparents.”
“What? No. I’ll come in with you and introduce you to them.”
“Your mom can introduce me, Meara.” 
“True, but…”
“Give the poor boy a break. He put up with your pesky best friend all evening and was on his best behavior. Doesn’t that deserve some kind of reward?” She stressed the last word and wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. Evan was pretending not to listen, taking a keen interest in Grandma Mary’s flower garden, but I saw his lips twitch. She gave me a meaningful glance. “No rush, Meara.”
“You’re exasperating,” I muttered. Kim laughed at me, winked once, and then ran up the steps and knocked on the door. Mom opened it and let her in. She waved at Evan and me, closing it again. Wasn’t everyone accommodating tonight?
“Sorry about that,” I said, turning to wrap my arms around Evan’s waist.
His arms circled my waist and pulled me closer. “I like her. She’s a lot of fun, and she cares about you. She’s a good friend.”
“Yeah,” I said. “She’s the best.” 
I leaned forward and brushed my lips against his. He raised one arm to run his hand down the length of my hair, and then down my back, which sent a shiver up my spine. I would think that by now that I would be getting used to his touch. Instead, I seemed to be reacting stronger each time.
“Are you cold?” he whispered, nuzzling my ear and then kissing my neck.
“No,” I said, tilting my head to give him better access.
“Mmm…too bad,” he murmured against my neck. “If you were cold, I’d have to warm you up.”
“Oh?” Intriguing thought. “In that case, I’m freezing.”
He laughed and kissed me one last time before reluctantly pulling back. “I better let you go. I’m sure Kim is anxiously awaiting details.”
“As if she’ll get them,” I said. “One more goodnight kiss?”
I closed the distance between us, wrapped my arms around his neck, and kissed him. When I pulled back, Evan asked breathlessly, “What was that for?”
I grinned. “If she wants details, I might as well give her something to talk about.”
“I’ll see you on Monday?”
“Yes.” He was driving back to campus tonight. At least I would see him at his house on Thanksgiving. One last kiss on my cheek, then he went to his car. He waved once before starting the engine. I waved back, and then went inside.
Kim was waiting for me. She sat on the couch next to my mom, talking to her and my grandparents. When she saw me come in, she feigned a big yawn. “Oh my, it’s been a long day traveling. I think I better get some rest.” She stood. “Meara, would you mind showing me to your room?”
My mom lowered her head and bit her cheek to keep from laughing; she was used to Kim’s antics. My grandparents, however, were easily fooled by the charade. Grandma Mary jumped up and went to grab some extra blankets for my “travel-weary” friend. Grandpa Jamie said goodnight to us both and seemed relieved to turn his attention back to the television. 
Mom rose from the couch and walked over to me. “I think I’ll head to my room, too,” she said. “We have a lot of cooking to do tomorrow and Sunday.” 
When Mom said ‘we’, she meant Grandma Mary, Lydia, and herself. I had been told that there were enough cooks in the kitchen, and Kim and I would not be needed. It wasn’t that I was a bad cook. Scratch that. I was a bad cook, and the three of them were outstanding. Plus, Mom wanted me to have as much time as possible with Kim. Who knew when I’d see her again after this visit? 
Hugging me tight, my mom kissed my cheek. “Have fun catching up.”
“Night, Mom,” I said. “I love you.”
Kim grabbed her bag and followed me down the hall into my room. As soon as we were there, she dropped it, shut the door, and pulled me over to the bed. 
“Spill, Quinn,” she ordered. “Where in the world did you find that gorgeous man, and what have you done to him? He is putty in your hands.”
“Mind if I change first?” I picked up my pajamas. “I’ll be back in a second. I have a feeling you’re going to keep me talking for a while. I might as well get comfortable.”
She growled at me, but didn’t say anything else. I took it as consent and continued to the bathroom, stalling. The curiosity would eat her alive. A special part of our friendship was how much we enjoyed pushing each other’s buttons. It was almost a contest between us. I went through the usual nightly ritual—brushing my teeth, combing my hair, and washing my face. It didn’t take long, but I waited an extra five minutes for good measure before heading back to the room. I couldn’t help myself; I loved to torment her.
“What’d you do?” she asked dryly. “Fall in?”
“Funny,” I said. I took an extra minute to fluff the pillows and pull back the covers before sitting down again. Kim ground her teeth, barely containing herself.
“Meara!” she yelled. I raised my finger to my lip to quiet her, and she lowered her voice—just barely. “Will you please tell me something?”
“What would you like to know?”
She rolled her eyes. “I haven’t seen you since June. Why don’t you start at the beginning or wherever you think will be most interesting. It’s not like your emails were descriptive. In fact, you suck at writing, Meara…At least when it comes to keeping your best friend up to date on your life.”
Where some people might take offense, I just laughed. “Okay, okay. The trip here was rather uneventful, but our first day here, my mom and I went into town. We stopped to visit Mom’s friend, Lydia, at her bed and breakfast. I met Evan there,” I added, “He’s Lydia’s son and my friend Katie’s brother.”
“Convenient,” she said. I ignored her.
“I went out with Evan, Katie, and some of their friends to a carnival, and after that, Evan asked me out.”
“And the good parts?” she asked.
“What good parts?”
She sighed. “You know, the first kiss, when you discovered you were in madly in love…that kind of good stuff.”
“Oh, that.” I cleared my throat. I wasn’t used to sharing details about my love life, mainly because Kim was always the one dating, not me.
“Our first kiss was the night of the carnival. Katie stayed in town at a friend’s house, and Evan brought me home.”
“Has he said the ‘L’ word?”
“Not yet.”
“Have you?” I shook my head. “You will. It’s coming. The way he looks at you? Wow. Hot.”
“Really?” It was weird to hear Kim’s perspective. Katie would never say something like that. Evan was her brother after all.
“Definitely.” She relaxed back against the headboard. “All right, Meara, I’ll stop interrogating you. I know how uncomfortable you probably are right now.” She leaned forward again and looked in my eyes. “Seriously, I’m happy for you. Evan is great.”
“Thanks,” I said, more than anything relieved to be changing the subject. “What about you? You said you’re no longer single. What’s that about?”
“Do you remember Ryan Johnson?”
“Sure.” I’d known Ryan almost as long as I’d known Kim. I remembered he was a bit of a class clown.
“He’s the one who asked me out last week. One date turned into several dates in a row. He is so fun! We have a blast together.”
I hugged her. “I’m so happy for you, Kim. I always liked Ryan.”
“And you never cared for Mike.”
I shrugged. “I’m happy as long as you’re happy.” She looked at me with one brow raised; I squirmed a little. “But, since you are no longer with him, I guess it’s safe to say that no, I never liked Mike.”
She laughed and shrugged her shoulders. “I suppose I should have dumped him a long time ago and saved myself some heartache.” She leaned in and looked at me intensely. I squirmed again, wondering what was coming next. “Now that the boys are out of the way, why don’t you tell me what you’ve really been holding back?”
“I haven’t,” I said defensively. 
Kim stared at me in silence, crossing her arms and waiting for me to continue. “I’ve got all night, all day tomorrow, all day Sunday, most of the day Monday, and the drive to back to the airport. It’s just a matter of time, Meara. We can do this the easy way or my way. I’ve known you too long, and I know that there is a much bigger story than Evan Mitchell, cute though he may be.”
I sighed, resigned. Under my breath, I muttered, “I met my father, David.”
“You what?” She jumped off the bed and stared at me. “How? When?” 
My face flamed under the intensity of her gaze. She huffed out a breath and sat back down. “You better start at the beginning and don’t skimp on the details. I can’t believe you kept this from me.”
“It wasn’t intentional, Kim,” I apologized. “I just had no idea how to tell you. You know I hate phone calls and email. Forget about me writing you a letter. This was better left for in person.” 
I told her about my dream the first night at my grandparents’ house and all the occurrences since then, up until the afternoon last weekend when I eavesdropped on David and my mom. For a change, she didn’t interrupt. I could tell she was hanging on every word, every detail. 
When I finished, she asked. “That was the last time you saw him?” I nodded. “That is quite a story, Meara.” She leaned back against the headboard and studied my face. “I don’t know what to make of it.” I must have looked shocked, because she quickly added, “It’s not that I don’t believe you. It’s just that…you know me…I have never believed much in fairy tales or ghosts or whatever.” 
“I know,” I said. “Me either. I’ve been racking my brain for months, and I can’t come up with a plausible explanation. If it was just dreams, fine, I could explain that. And that’s what I thought at first, that moving here where my mom met David triggered the dreams.”
“But you don’t think they’re just dreams anymore?”
“No. First, my mom confirmed my description of him, and she had never told me what he looked like before I saw him in my dreams. And second, when Katie gave me that picture, well, I knew it was no dream. How could I dream up the man exactly as he looks without ever seeing him before? The only logical explanation is that they weren’t dreams. Maybe some kind of vision.”
“Do you have the picture?”
“Sure.” Getting off the bed, I went to my dresser and removed it from the corner of the frame. “Here it is.”
Kim took it. After a moment, she let out a low whistle. “Wow, Meara, congratulations on winning with the gene pool. He’s gorgeous.” She looked closer, and then looked up at me. “You look a lot like him. Same hair, right?”
“Yes,” I said. “Eyes, too.”
She was studying the picture again. “Your mom looks so happy and in love. And, I’m guessing the blond woman is Lydia, and the tall guy her husband.”
“Right.”
She sat back on the bed, looking at the picture, a puzzled expression on her face. “Wait, didn’t you say David looked just like the picture?”
“Yes.” 
“Just like?”
“Barely legal,” I said.
She looked up at me. “How could that be? This was taken years ago.”
“Sixteen or seventeen, give or take.”
“And he hasn’t aged?” Her mouth hung slightly open in disbelief. 
“Not that I could tell.”
She handed the photo back to me, and I placed it back in the frame. 
“You’ve certainly given me a mystery to solve.” Kim cracked a wide smile. “This is so fun! I always wanted to be Nancy Drew.”
“If you find any clues during your visit, Nancy,” I said, “be sure to let me know. I haven’t put one piece of the puzzle together yet.”
“Evan knows about David?” 
I nodded. “Mom and Katie do, too.”
“I’ll meet Katie on Monday?”
“Of course. The whole gang will be there.”
“Good.” Kim gave me a tight hug. “I’m glad I’m here, Meara. I missed you.”
“Missed you more, and I am sorry for not telling you about David.”
“Don’t worry about it. After hearing the story, I completely understand. Even with my gift of gab, I think I would have waited, too, if had I been in your shoes.”
“Thanks, Kim.” I yawned, unable to help myself. “Do you want to get ready for bed? I know I was just playing around before, but I really did get ready.”
“Good idea.” Kim stood and placed her bag on the bed, pulling out her pajamas and cosmetic bag. “The bathroom’s right next door, right?”
“Yes.”
Kim stepped into the hall, closing the door. A moment later, it opened again and Kim stuck her head in. “You don’t think David will come while I’m here, do you?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Damn.”



I woke at nine. Kim was still sound asleep. I went to the kitchen and was halfway through my second bowl of cereal before she stumbled in.
“Mornin’,” she mumbled.
“Hi, sunshine,” I teased. She had never been a morning person. “What can I get you? Orange juice? Cereal? Eggs?”
“Coffee?” The hopeful expression on her face was priceless. I checked the pot that my mom brewed. It was half full. Mom must have started it around six-thirty—she was an early riser—but it brewed into a thermos that kept it warm. I poured a cup and handed it to Kim.
“Let me know if you need it heated up.”
“Should be fine,” she said. “Still not drinking this stuff?”
“Can’t stand it,” I said. “I’ll take my Diet Coke any day.”
“In the morning?”
“Any time of day. Is that so wrong?” I placed a clean bowl and spoon on the table, figuring Kim would get around to the cereal soon enough. “We’ve got the rest of the morning and early afternoon to ourselves,” I said. “What do you want to do?”
She shrugged. “You live here. You tell me.”
“Do you want to see the lighthouse?”
“That’s one of the places you spotted your dad, right? So, it’s like the scene of the crime?” Her eyes lit up. She was getting into her detective role.
An hour later, we were bundled up and walking to the lighthouse. I would have driven us in Mom’s car, but Kim was all about the fresh air and nature. When we rounded the corner and it came into view, I heard Kim suck in her breath. 
“Oh my god.” She put her hands to her mouth. “It’s beautiful. This is fantastic! I can’t wait to get a closer look.”
I followed Kim to the rocky shore, trying to see the lighthouse again with new eyes. The way it looked the first time I came here with Katie. The sky was muted gray and the wind bit our cheeks, but the lighthouse remained a pristine white monument—the calm against the wildness of the sea.
“Look!” Kim grabbed my arm and pointed to a jagged ledge. “Is that what I think it is?” I followed her gaze and saw a lone seal watching us from the rocks. I couldn’t be sure if it was the same one from my last visit, but it watched us with a combination of curiosity and caution.
“Yep. It’s a seal,” I said. “According to Evan, there is a small population of them living around Peggy’s Cove.”
“So you’ve seen one before?”
“Sure. I’ve seen one or two here or there. I’m never sure if it’s the same ones or not.”
“Have you ever gotten close to one?” She stepped toward the seal. I followed since she pulled my windbreaker in her deathlike grip.
“I’ve tried, but they dive into the ocean before I can get too close.”
“Oh.” She stopped. We were about ten yards away. While we watched, the seal nodded. I had the strangest feeling that it was listening and understood what we were saying. But that didn’t make sense. For one thing, it was an animal, and second, we were whispering.
Kim grabbed my sleeve again, tighter this time. “Can you see that? Is it nodding at us?”
“Nah,” I whispered back. “That’s not possible. It’s just nodding its head; it probably does that all the time.”
I didn’t take my eyes off the seal, and a second later, it winked at me, as if to say, “I’ll prove to you that I’m paying attention.” Then, it barked once and dove into the water. I stared at the vacant spot on the rocks. The seal winked at me. Was I losing my mind?
“Meara!” Kim squealed. “That seal just winked!” 
Okay, so if I was losing my mind, then Kim was losing hers, too. 
“You’re right,” I said slowly. “I think it did.”
“Why are seals winking at us?”
“Honestly, Kim, I haven’t the slightest idea.”



Sunday morning, we woke up to a terrible storm. The sky was so dark that it looked like night outside.
“Ugh,” Kim muttered, pulling the pillow over her head. “What’s with Canadian weather?”
I laughed. “I don’t think it’s all of Canada, but we are on the ocean. Besides, you live in Wisconsin, remember?”
“Right. Snow.” She shuddered delicately before sitting up and smoothing out her curls. “What’s on the agenda for today? Hopefully, you weren’t planning a picnic.”
“Nope. No picnic.” I didn’t want to tell her that I hadn’t planned anything. “We could start with breakfast, and I’m guessing Grandma Mary made coffee.”
Mom was sitting at the table when we came in, looking exceptionally pale. I crouched in front of her and grabbed her hands. They felt clammy. “Mom? Are you feeling okay?”
She started to say ‘yes’, but quickly closed her mouth and shook her head. I watched her turn green before she jumped up and ran to the bathroom. Motioning for Kim to stay in the kitchen, I ran after my mom and knocked on the closed bathroom door. 
“Mom?” I called. “Can I help?”
“Just a minute,” she said. A moment later, she opened the door. 
“Do you need anything?” I asked.
“No.” Turning back to the sink, she ran a washcloth under the cold water and pressed it lightly to her forehead and then to her neck. Looking at me through the mirror, she said, “I think I’ve come down with the stomach flu. It’s probably best if I go back to bed. Your grandfather headed into town early this morning to play cards with a few of his friends. On his way, he dropped your grandmother off at Lydia’s house. I was supposed to follow and be there in about twenty minutes. Can you call and let them know I won’t be coming?”
“Of course,” I said, walking with her to her room. “Can I get you anything?”
She squeezed my hand. “No, I’ll be fine. I just need some rest.” 
When I returned to the kitchen, Kim was sitting at the table with a mug of coffee. She had made toast, but hadn’t eaten it yet. She looked at me with concern. “How is she?”
“Stomach flu,” I said, adding, “nothing too serious.”
She relaxed. “That’s a relief. How do you handle all of this, Meara? I mean, it’s a lot to deal with.”
“I just do, I guess, although I never know if I’m doing the right thing.” Kim nodded and took a bite of her toast. While she chewed, I added, “I try not to think about it too much.”
Kim slid the plate to me. “Toast?”
“Thanks, but I need to call Lydia first and let her know Mom’s not coming today. Looks like you and I will be hanging out here, taking care of Mom.”
“That’s fine. I don’t mind.”
I called, and Evan answered. 
“I thought you went back to the dorms?” I asked.
“Study group was cancelled,” he said. “I came back here to catch up on homework.”
He didn’t say it, but I knew he was also giving me some space to just hang out with Kim. I told him my mom wasn’t coming and asked him to relay the message.
“I’ll tell my mom right away,” he promised. “Call me if you need anything, okay?”
“I will,” I said. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Every thirty minutes or so, I checked on my mom. Once or twice, she appeared to be sleeping, but mostly she just laid there, looking miserable. I brought her dry toast and white soda at lunchtime, something that I remembered her doing for me when I was sick. When I checked on her after Kim and I finished our sandwiches, she hadn’t touched the food.
“Liquids, Mom,” I reminded. “You need liquids.” She took a small sip from the glass, and I nodded. “Keep it up. I’ll take the toast back to the kitchen.”
“Thank you,” she said in little more than a croak.
After lunch, Kim and I watched one of my favorite movies, The Goonies. She humored me; she wasn’t into any movie that was more than one or two years old. By her standards, this was ancient. My mom and I always watched this one together, and today, when I was worried about her, this managed to comfort me.
When the movie ended, I checked on Mom again. As soon as I stepped into her room, I sensed something was wrong. Her breathing was labored, coming out in short gasps. As I approached her bed, I noticed her eyes were closed and moving furiously back and forth under her eyelids. I pressed my wrist to her forehead; she was burning up. I called her name, and then shook her shoulder. She didn’t respond. I tried a little harder. No response. 
“Kim!” I shouted. “Come quick.”
She was at the door within seconds, looking alarmed. “What is it?”
“She’s burning up, and I can’t wake her. We have to get her to the hospital in Halifax. Can you call Lydia and let them know where we’re heading?”
“Wouldn’t it be better to call 911?”
“Does that work here?” I asked.
Kim pulled out her cell phone. “One way to find out.” While she dialed, I wiped my mom’s forehead with the washcloth lying on her nightstand. She moaned, but otherwise didn’t respond.
“I need assistance,” Kim said suddenly. “I’m staying with a friend. Her mom is feverish and unresponsive. She has cancer. We think she needs to go to the hospital.”
Kim looked at me. “Address?” she mouthed.
I grabbed a pen and paper from the bedside and wrote it down. Kim read it to the dispatcher.
“Okay, thank you,” Kim said. Then, a minute later, “We will. Goodbye.”
She hung up and put the phone back in her pocket. “They’re on the way. We’re not supposed to try to move her. The paramedics will take care of everything when they get here. He mentioned that we could try a cool washcloth, but you’re already doing that.”
I nodded, and then remembered. “Kim, can you take over for a minute? I need to call over to Evan’s house.”
Kim took the washcloth from me and placed it gently on my mom’s forehead. I went to the kitchen to call.
Lydia answered the phone, so I quickly explained the situation to her. I told her that Kim and I called the paramedics, and they were on their way. I thought they would take Mom to the hospital, and I planned to follow in our car. Lydia said that she would tell the others, and they would meet us there.
Before returning to my mom’s room, I went to the bathroom and ran a fresh washcloth under the cold water, wrung it out, and then headed back to the room. Kim lifted the old washcloth so I could place the new one.
“Anything?” I asked. Kim shook her head.
“I’ll rinse out this washcloth,” she said, jumping up suddenly. While she was gone, I straightened my mom’s nightgown and smoothed her hair. How much longer? I thought. Someone must have heard me, because the doorbell rang. I ran to get it.
There were two paramedics at the door—one male and one female. Each held a medical bag. 
“Where is she?” the woman asked.
“Follow me,” I said, leading them back. The paramedics placed their bags on the bed, opened them, and began checking my mom’s vitals. She called the results to the man, who held a chart and was recording them. The whole process was unbelievably fast.
While this was happening, another medic came in with a stretcher. The two men loaded her onto it and strapped her in. The female medic asked me, “What is your relationship to the patient?”
“I’m her daughter,” I said. 
“Are you coming with us?”
Kim stood in the doorway. She looked pale and scared. I looked back to the woman. “We’ll drive separately.” 
I followed behind the medics as they took her out of the house and placed her in the back of the ambulance. Standing just inside the front door, I watched until they were out of sight. The cold air raised goose bumps on my arms. I barely noticed. Kim came and stood beside me.
“Should we get going?” she asked. 
“Yes.” I grabbed my coat from the hook in the hallway and began to walk to the door.
“Your purse?” Kim reminded me.
“Oh yeah.” I ran back to my room to get it.
I didn’t know where my mom would be, so we went to the emergency room entrance. I approached the attendant at the admittance desk.
“Hello. My name is Meara Quinn. My mother, Sharon, was just brought in by ambulance.”
“Do you have ID and an insurance card?” she asked with no trace of warmth in her voice.
I pulled the two cards out and handed them to her. She picked up a clipboard in front of her and handed it to me. It was full of forms. “While I make a copy of these, please fill out as much information as you can on these forms.” She motioned to a group of uncomfortable-looking orange plastic chairs, one of which was occupied by a coughing old man. “You can have a seat over there in the waiting room.”
Kim and I looked at each other, and then we both sat as far as we could from Mr. Hack-My-Lungs-Out. I quickly flipped through the pages. This is going to take a while, I thought. I turned back to the first page, balanced the clipboard in my lap, and started filling it out. Pulling out her phone, Kim slouched in the chair and began playing a game.
I finally finished the last page, and then carried the clipboard back to the desk.
“Thank you,” the attendant said. She attempted a smile. It was a small one, and I didn’t smile back. She thrust her hand out at me, holding my license and the insurance card. “Here are your cards.”
“Thank you,” I said. “Will I be able to see my mom soon?”
She frowned at me, and I couldn’t tell if she was impatient or sympathetic. “I can’t answer that. Once the doctors have a chance to look at her, they’ll come out here and give you an update.” 
I walked back over by Kim and sat down. The waiting room was quiet. The man with the cough was called back when I was about halfway through the packet of forms. I grabbed one of the dog-eared magazines and started flipping through it. I wasn’t retaining anything.
“Meara!” 
I looked up just before Grandma Mary smothered me in a hug. She smelled like cinnamon and cloves. I squeezed her back, and my eyes welled up with tears.
“Have you heard anything?” she asked. I noticed my grandfather, Lydia, and Evan standing behind her. I tried to smile at Evan, but couldn’t quite make it.
“Not yet,” I said to all of them. I motioned to the chairs. “Have a seat.”
Evan sat on the other side of me. My grandparents sat and faced us. Their fear made them look older. Lydia continued to stand, her arms wrapped around herself. “I need a coffee,” she said. “Can I get anyone anything?”
“A can of Coke?” I asked. No diet for me today—I needed sugar and lots of it.
Lydia nodded at me. “Anyone else?”
“Can I go with you?” Kim stood. “I need to walk.” 
“Of course,” Lydia said. “You must be Kim.”
Kim’s cheeks flushed. “I am. Sorry. I should’ve introduced myself first.”
“No worries,” Lydia said. “I’m Lydia, although I’m guessing Meara told you that?”
“Kim’s the one who thought to call 911,” I said.
Everyone looked at her, and Kim blushed deeper. “Then we owe you our gratitude,” Grandpa Jamie said.
“It was nothing,” Kim replied, looking uncomfortable. 
Lydia took pity on her and grabbed her hand. “Let’s go find that cafeteria.”
After they left, I leaned my head on Evan’s shoulder, and he wrapped his arms around me. I closed my eyes, listening to the steady beat of his heart and the calming pattern of his breathing. My tears poured down. Was she okay? Why was it taking so long? Someone handed me a Kleenex—I didn’t look to see who—and I wiped my eyes and nose. Evan squeezed my shoulder every so often. Otherwise, he said nothing. We all waited.
“Meara Quinn?” A middle-aged doctor stood at the edge of the waiting area, holding a clipboard in his hand. He was tall, with kind blue eyes behind wire-rimmed glasses. When I stood up, he smiled warmly at me and stepped forward, his hand extended. “I’m Dr. Riley. I have just finished visiting with your mother, and she asked to see you.”
Relief washed through me. “She’s okay, then.”
He nodded. “She’s quite weary and more than a bit dehydrated, but she’s alert and stable. You did the right thing. Her body wasn’t successfully fighting the fever and stomach bug on its own.”
“When can I see her?”
“I’ll take you back now, if you like.” 
“What about them?” I asked, motioning to my grandparents and Evan.
“I apologize,” Dr. Riley said, “but Sharon should have no more than one or two visitors at a time.”
Everyone nodded. Grandma Mary said, “You go first, Meara. She asked for you.”
I followed the doctor through a set of doors behind the reception desk. We turned down a couple of hallways before coming to Room 132. Dr. Riley opened the door and gestured for me to enter first. “Here she is,” he said.
Mom was propped up in her bed, an IV in her arm. She had a bit of color in her normally pale cheeks, and she was sipping something out of a Styrofoam cup.
“How are you doing, Sharon?” Dr. Riley asked.
Mom smiled. “Better, thank you.”
He nodded. “If you can keep the liquids down for another hour, we’ll try you on some broth.”
“I can hardly wait,” Mom joked.
Dr. Riley laughed. It was a pleasant sound. “Have a nice visit, you two.” 
He closed the door as he left. Mom motioned for me to come closer. I walked to her bed and leaned over to hug her cautiously. She laughed and hugged me tighter. “I’m not going to break, Meara.” She let me go and patted the side of her bed. “Have a seat.” When I did, she added, “Thanks for taking care of me.”
“You don’t have to thank me, Mom,” I said.
“All the same. I should be the one taking care of you, and now I can’t.” Her voice faltered. I tried to see her face, but she turned away to look out the window.
“Mom,” I said quietly. “It’s okay. I’m almost eighteen years old. You’re sick. I think it’s time you let me take care of you.”
“Oh, Meara.” She turned back, her eyes full of tears. She touched my hair, saying, “I love you, honey.”
“I love you, too, Mom.”



I awoke completely disoriented, with no idea what day it was. When I realized it was Monday, Thanksgiving Day, I had two thoughts almost simultaneously. Please let my mom come home from the hospital today, and where in the world is Kim? She wasn’t in my room. 
I got up and went to look for her. It didn’t take me long. I found her in my mom’s room, fast asleep. Confused, I stood there for a minute and vaguely remembered. When we got back last night, Grandma Mary changed the sheets in Mom’s room and insisted that Kim sleep in there so she could have more space. Mary promised we’d both sleep better. As usual, she was right. I might have slept too deeply.
I decided to take a shower and clear my head. Yesterday felt like a blur, and I swear I could smell the hospital chemicals on my skin. I stood under the hot stream of water for the longest time, not thinking about anything until I heard an impatient knock at the door. I shut the faucet off.
“Yes?”
“Meara!” came Kim’s frustrated voice. “Are you going to be in there all day? Some of us need to pee out here.”
Oops. Only bathroom in the house. 
“Be right out!” I grabbed my towel and wrapped it tightly around myself. 
Kim sprinted in the minute I opened the door.
“Sorry,” I said, closing it behind me. The house was cool, bordering on chilly, so I hurried to my room and got dressed. I was combing the knots out of my hair when Kim came back to the room. Her hair hung in damp curls. “You showered already?”
“Some of us know how to shower quickly.” She gave me a sweet smile. I stuck out my tongue in reply. She threw on her clothes, a pair of jeans and a light blue sweater.
“Are you hungry?” I asked.
“Starved.”
“I’m sure my grandma made breakfast.” We went to the kitchen. Sure enough, pancakes and sausages waited on the table for us with a fresh pot of coffee. My grandpa was reading the paper.
“Good morning,” I said. Grandma Mary tried to smile. The effect was lost since her eyes were bloodshot from crying. My grandfather’s greeting came from the other side of the paper; he didn’t lower it to look at us. Were his eyes puffy too? I couldn’t imagine it.
“Can I take the car in a bit to pick up Mom?” I asked.
Grandpa Jamie lowered the paper. His eyes were red. He looked at me for a long moment. “I’ll bring her home.”
“You don’t have to do that.”
“Your grandmother needs to finish the cooking for tonight, and you have your friend visiting. I am perfectly capable of picking up my daughter, Meara.”
“I know that, but…”
“It’s settled then,” he said, snapping the paper straight and disappearing behind it once again. I was a little irritated at his response. Okay, so I was a lot irritated, but what was I going to do? He did have a point. Kim didn’t come all this way to visit me only to spend half of her time in the hospital. 
Since we were standing just inside the kitchen, Grandma Mary gestured to the table. “C’mon girls, sit down and eat your breakfast before it gets cold.” 
I sat and let out a sigh. Kim reached for the coffee, pouring a full mug before sitting down and turning to me. “What are we going to do this morning, Meara?”
I wasn’t sure. It was her last day here, and I knew we were going to Evan’s house around three o’clock for Thanksgiving. I turned and asked Grandma Mary, “Do you and Lydia need any help?”
“Not really,” she said. “We’re pretty much ready to go. I’m going to help her get the table set, and the food’s all ready to go in the oven.”
“Oh.” I had no idea what to do for the next few hours.
“For the love of the Lord,” Grandpa Jamie muttered, folding his paper and putting it to the side. “If you two are that bored, you’re welcome to come along with me.”
I looked at Kim. Her mouth was full, but she shrugged at me as if to say “your call”. I thought about it for a minute, and then told him we’d go. 
I ate quickly, and so did Kim. I guessed that, like me, she had a plan. I wanted to discuss it with her before we got in my grandfather’s truck. When she was almost done, I said, “Kim, we should probably finish getting ready.” I looked at Grandpa Jamie, who was reading the paper again. This time it was flat on the table. “What time are you planning on leaving?”
He glanced at the clock above the stove. “Oh, probably in about a half hour.”
“Okay, we’ll be ready.” With that, Kim and I left the kitchen and raced back to my bedroom.
“What do you have planned?” she asked as I closed the door.
I frowned a bit. “I haven’t talked to my grandfather that much. He works long days and gets home late. You saw what he was like at breakfast. Anyway, I want to see if he’ll tell me anything about David or that summer.”
“Could be a touchy subject,” she mused, wrinkling her nose before saying, “He seems a bit crabby, too.”
“He’s not.” I waved it off. “He’s all bark and no bite. I can handle that.”
She grinned. “This could turn out to be an interesting ride after all.”
Grandpa Jamie was true to his word. Exactly a half hour later, he was ready to go, standing at the door with his coat on and a worn tweed hat on his head. “You girls ready?” 
We hurried out the door after him. The first ten miles or so we drove in silence. Kim and I looked out the window while Grandpa Jamie watched the road. He didn’t have the radio on. The silence wasn’t uncomfortable. In a way, after yesterday’s excitement, it was a welcomed bit of peace.
Kim kicked my ankle, hard enough that I knew it was deliberate, but not enough for my grandfather to notice. I sighed. The peaceful moment was over. 
“Grandpa,” I began tentatively, “do you remember much about my father?”
“Your father.” He snorted. “As if he even deserves to be called that—the man did little more than provide half of your genetics.” He paused a moment, and then added. “I try hard not to think of him.”
“Did you and grandma know him well?”
He looked at me suspiciously. “Why the sudden interest?” 
“He is my father.” I tried not to make it sound defensive. “And, Mom met him here, right?”
My grandfather sighed. It was a long-suffering sigh. He picked up his coffee and took a deep drink. He looked at me; I tried to keep my face innocent and inquisitive. It must have worked. He sighed again, and then said, “The first time your mom told us about David was the day she brought him home to meet us. She’d been seeing him for about a month.”
“What’d you think of him?”
“He surprised me.”
“How?” Kim blurted it out before I could. It was an unusual thing to say about someone. Kim’s cheeks reddened, but my grandpa just laughed.
“He had old eyes.” He shook his head. “What I mean is, he looked like he was in his early twenties, but he was too mature. Too worldly…” He took another sip from his travel mug and adjusted the heat. I think he was stalling. “There was something odd about him. I can’t explain it. I just didn’t trust him.”
“And then Mom got pregnant,” I said. “With me.”
He looked at me and nodded. “It was about five weeks later when we found out she was with child.” He turned his attention back the road, squinting a bit as he remembered. “David was with her, holding her hand, when she told us. Your grandmother and I were shocked by the news, even more so when there was no talk of marriage.”
“Did you ask Mom about it?”
“Your grandmother tried. Your mom wouldn’t talk about it. She said David couldn’t stay here. Sure enough, he lived here until you were born, and then about a week later, he disappeared.”
“He left us when I was a week old?” If he loved my mom, why couldn’t he stay? Didn’t he want me to know who he was? And why was he back now, after all these years?
“He did.” I waited. He paused for a few moments, and then added, “I’ll never forgive him for hurting my daughter.”
Kim leaned closer, and I appreciated the comfort of knowing she was there. This was hard, but it helped to know my best friend was hearing everything, too. I knew she would share her impressions with me later.
“Why did Mom leave with me?” I asked quietly.
A hurt expression crossed his face. He quickly recovered. “I imagine it was a combination of things. The tension at home was thick. We weren’t used to a new baby, your mom was crying all the time, and then there was the small-town scandal. She couldn’t leave the house without people clucking their tongues and giving her dirty looks. I guess it got to be too much. Then, that businessman Phil came into town…”
His voice trailed off. I already knew the story about Mom’s ex-husband, Phil. “Why didn’t she come back to visit?”
Grandpa Jamie sighed and shook his head. “I honestly don’t know. You’ll have to ask your mom about that one. She wrote us often and sent pictures of you.”
“If Mom sent letters, why didn’t you visit us?”
“Every letter was postmarked from a different location. No return address. We didn’t know where to find you.” He confirmed what my grandmother already told me. At least one story added up. Reaching over, he squeezed my hand. “You’ve always been so smart and beautiful. The things your mom wrote of you, we were just as proud as she was. You look so much like her, but your father is there, too. That’s the hard part.” 
“How am I like David?” I didn’t see any similarities between us, besides our hair and eye color and webbed toes.
He looked at me briefly, assessing. “Your hair is the same and your smile, but sometimes, where I see the strongest resemblance, is when I look in your eyes. I see the same depth as his.”
“What do you mean?” 
He frowned at me. “I can’t explain it.”
I looked at Kim, and she raised her eyebrows. It was obvious she thought his comment was weird, too.
***
When we arrived at the hospital, Mom was waiting in the lobby in a wheelchair, looking healthier than she had in weeks. She blushed prettily at Dr. Riley, and I wondered if she wasn’t developing a bit of a crush.
I ran forward and hugged her, kissing her cheek. “Hi, Mom.”
“Meara! Kim!” she exclaimed, delighted. “I didn’t know you were going to come! I feel so popular. Here I was just expecting Dad, and instead I get an entourage.”
Dr. Riley squeezed Mom’s shoulder. “I would expect nothing less than a regal send-off for my favorite patient. Take care of yourself, get plenty of rest and fluids, and have an extra helping of stuffing today, okay? You are too thin, Sharon.”
Her blush deepened. “I’ll do that.”
Dr. Riley shook hands with each of us, wishing us a Happy Thanksgiving. I picked up Mom’s bag. “Can you walk?” I asked, uncertain.
“Of course.” She laughed and stood. “Dr. Riley is the one who insisted on the wheelchair.”
“Hospital protocol,” he said, winking at me.
“Thank you for taking care of her.” I sincerely meant it.
“It was my pleasure,” he said, and I think he sincerely meant it, too.
Kim and I climbed into the back of the truck so Mom could sit up front. I leaned forward to tease her. “What was that, Mom? Dr. Riley’s favorite patient?”
Mom blushed. “He’s a nice man, that’s all.”
I laughed. It wasn’t every day that Mom was embarrassed. I let it drop. The ride back was rather quiet. Mom closed her eyes and fell asleep. Grandpa Jamie put on an oldies radio station, a definite signal that he didn’t feel like talking. I was dying to compare notes with Kim, but we had to wait until we were alone. Unfortunately, by the time we got home, we only had enough time to get ready and head over to Evan’s house for dinner.
***
When we arrived, Evan and his dad, Darren, were watching a hockey game on TV. I liked Darren, even if I didn’t know him well. Evan didn’t look like his dad, who was tall and wiry with thinning blond hair, but he had a lot of his dad’s personality. They were both hockey fanatics, and they shared the same sense of humor. 
Darren was in sales, so he was often away on business. When he was home though, it was clear that he and Lydia were in love. They stood close enough to touch. It was sweet, and I hoped that someday I would have a similar relationship with my husband.
Katie was in the kitchen, helping Grandma Mary and Lydia get the table set. Kim and I tried to help, only to be shooed back to the living room by Lydia. “Go, relax. We’re almost done. We’ll be eating in about fifteen minutes.”
When they called us in, I was amazed at the amount and variety of food. Growing up, it had been only Mom and me celebrating Thanksgiving together. We always had the staples—turkey, stuffing, pumpkin pie— but nowhere near the feast that lay before me now. Evan squeezed my arm and whispered in my ear, “You okay? You look like you’re in shock.”
“This is amazing.”
“This is what happens when my mom and Grandma Mary get together and cook.” He pulled back a chair for me. “Please, have a seat.”
“Thank you.”
Kim sat next to me, and Katie sat on the other side of Kim. Katie asked Kim a million questions about what I was like when I was younger. Kim seemed amused by her. She told her a few funny stories. Being my best friend, she left out all the embarrassing ones. I’d thank her later.
I ate so much I thought I was going to explode. The conversation flowed comfortably. At times, everyone chimed in on one topic, at other points of the meal, several smaller conversations erupted. 
After dinner, Kim, Katie, Evan and I stayed in the kitchen to clean up. The adults retired to the living room, after some coaxing from us. Once we were alone, Kim and I brought up the car ride today and told Evan and Katie what my grandfather said. 
Evan shrugged. “It’s kind of interesting, but I don’t see that it tells you anything.”
Katie looked thoughtful. “You know, I could always ask my mom about that summer. She might have more information, or at least a different perspective.”
“Could you?” What did Lydia know? Would she share?
“Sure,” she said. “Don’t get too excited, though. I’m not sure that my mom will tell me much, if anything.”
“It’s worth a shot, anyway,” Kim added.
We were almost done with the dishes when my grandma and Lydia came back into the kitchen for the desserts—pumpkin pie, pecan pie, and chocolate torte. 
“Do we get to do this again next month for the American Thanksgiving?” I asked.
Lydia laughed. “I don’t know about that, Meara.”
“Maybe on a smaller scale.” Grandma Mary winked at me.
Evan rolled his eyes. “Do you always think about food?”
“Almost always,” I said.
“I can vouch for that,” Kim said, grinning at me.
“Speaking of food,” Grandma Mary added. “These desserts aren’t serving themselves.”
We helped plate the desserts and took them and coffee into the living room. It was so nice to sit around with everyone and just relax. I imagined that this was what life would have been like if I had grown up here. It made me think about how different things might have been, how different I might have been, had my mom stayed. Then I looked at Kim, and I realized that I never would have known her. She was such a wonderful friend—I couldn’t imagine my life without her. It just proved that everything happened for a reason. As my grandma would say, there was no use thinking about the might-have-beens. 
Mom sat in the chair closest to the fireplace. Her eyelids were heavy, and her head lulled to the side. I hadn’t considered what a long day this must be after her last two days. My grandparents were deep in conversation with Darren, but I caught my grandfather’s eye and nodded toward Mom. He nodded back, and quickly wrapped up his conversation. 
I was leaning against Evan, warm and comfortable. Turning my head, I kissed his cheek. I felt the slightest bit of stubble. “I think we’re going to get going. Mom is exhausted.”
He tightened his arms around my shoulder before I could stand and whispered, “I’ll walk you out.”
I shivered slightly. When I caught Kim’s eye, she smiled knowingly and mouthed, “Go.” She went to help my mom. Evan stood and pulled me up, walking me to the door and holding out my coat. Throwing on his own jacket, he stepped out behind me. Once the door was closed, he pulled me close for a kiss. I felt a quick thrill course through my body. It had been too long since Evan and I were alone. He pulled away and left me wanting more.
He smiled wickedly. “Pleasant dreams, Meara.”
***
Kim and I stayed up most of the night talking. I was sad that she was leaving tomorrow. While I managed to make it this long without her, I forgot how much I enjoyed having her around. Her cheerfulness and high energy always managed to lift me, too. She brought a fresh perspective to my life, since she was the only person, besides my mom, who knew me before. 
When I asked her what she thought, she said. “I’ll miss you, Meara, but this was the best thing your mom ever did for you.”
“How can you say that?”
“You are thriving here. You have family, you have a seriously gorgeous and wonderful boyfriend, and you have friends who love you.”
“But I miss you.”
“I miss you, too, and you’ll always be my best friend. I’d love for us to live closer.” She took a deep breath. “That said, this is where you need to be right now.”
She was right, of course. I knew it. We hugged each other, crying a bit. We talked about love, about the future—next summer, college and beyond. Kim planned to apply to the University of Wisconsin—Madison. She wanted to be a veterinarian. I admitted that I hadn’t been giving much thought to college and would probably start at a community college nearby to be close to my mom. It was past midnight when we fell asleep, and we were both disoriented when the alarm went off.
This time, I drove Kim to the airport by myself. I watched as she went through security. She turned and waved. I waved back until she was swallowed by the crowd of fellow travelers. My heart ached. I would miss her. I thought back to that day in first grade, when she had insisted I use her red crayon after I broke mine. We’d been inseparable ever since. 
In many ways, Kim was a sister to me. I didn’t know when I would see her again.



I hurried home. Mom had an appointment at the clinic, and I offered to take her. 
“You don’t have to do this,” Mom said once again. “I can drive myself.”
“Mom,” I said. “Why do you argue with me every time I drive you?”
“You’re out of school today, Kim just left, don’t you want to do something other than drive your mom?”
“All the more reason for me to drive you,” I said as I opened her door. Once I walked around and got in, Mom sighed.
“You already miss her, don’t you?”
“I do.”
“I’m sorry, Meara.” 
Mom looked like she was going to cry. I wanted to cry, too, but instead I gave her a wide smile. “I’m okay, Mom. I like it here.”
“Do you?” 
“Yes.”
This time when I looked at her, she was biting her lip. Never a good sign. “What now, Mom?”
“Have you seen your father lately?”
“You mean dreamed about him?” I hadn’t told her about seeing David in Katie’s room or seeing the two of them talking together.
She caught herself, and her checks grew red. “That’s what I meant. Have you dreamed about him?”
“Not lately.”
“Oh.” She looked out the window so I couldn’t see her face. “That’s good.”
Why did it sound like she didn’t think it was good at all?
***
“Meara!” 
Ula was in the waiting area at the clinic, reading what looked like a science book. I waved at her, and Mom raised her eyebrow at me. “Is that your friend? I forgot her name.”
“Yes,” I said. “That’s Ula. We usually hang out while you’re in treatment.”
“Is she here often?”
“When her mom has an appointment,” I said.
“Oh.” Mom gave me a quick hug. “Why don’t you go and catch up with your friend while I check in.”
“Hi, Ula,” I said. She looked up from her book. Her hair looked especially red against the bright turquoise sweater that she wore. The tattered leather backpack sat on chair next to her. She moved it so I could sit down.
“Don’t you have school today?” she asked.
“No. My mom called me in,” I said. “I just dropped my best friend off at the airport.”
“That’s rough. You okay?” 
“Yeah, except my mom was in the hospital over the weekend.”
“Oh no.” Ula glanced over at my mom, who was now reading a magazine and waiting to be called. “She looks good today.”
“Yes,” I said. “I think she’s better.”
When the same grumpy nurse as usual called Mom back, Ula gave me an expectant look. “So what should we do today? It’s a bit cold to go to the ocean.”
“I don’t know. You come here more than I do. Is there any cool place in the clinic?”
Ula wrinkled her nose. “Not likely, although there is a coffee shop around the corner.”
“That’ll work. I can always get hot chocolate.”
“Don’t like coffee?”
“Uh, no.”
Ula laughed. “Me neither.”
We bundled up and walked outside. I wasn’t worried about leaving the building. I knew Mom would call if she got done early.
It didn’t take us long to walk there. The warm and delicious smells inside were welcoming. October was colder here than Wisconsin, because the wind had more bite. My cheeks froze, and my eyes welled up. I was about to comment on the weather to Ula, but one look at her and I knew the cold didn’t bother her. Her cheeks were a lovely pink, and her smile was wide.
“Don’t you love that fresh air?” She bounced a little on her toes.
“Um, yeah. It’s great.”
“So, can I get you a hot chocolate?” She walked to the register. “Do you want anything else?”
“You don’t have to get it, Ula.” I didn’t expect her to pay for me. 
She waved me off. “It’s my treat. You’re having a rough couple of days. It’s the least I can do.”
When our drinks were ready, we settled into two plush chairs near an electric fireplace. The heat felt wonderful against my chilled skin. Ula turned her chair so the heat wasn’t blowing directly on her.
“I don’t like to get too warm,” she said. “So, how was your visit with your friend? And, what is her name anyway? I can’t keep calling her ‘friend’.”
“Kim,” I said. “It was great. I told her about my dad, and she was trying to help me figure out what it meant.”
Ula leaned forward, the smile vanishing from her face. “What about your dad?”
I felt my face grow hot. No wonder Ula was confused. I hadn’t told her about David’s visits yet.
“Remember when I told you that I’d never met my dad?” Ula nodded, but didn’t say anything. “Well, I’ve met him now. At first, I thought it was just dreams, but now…”
“Now?” She leaned back in her chair, her eyes never leaving my face.
“Now I know that he’s real, and that he’s here.”
“So, you’ve talked to him?”
“Yes, several times.” I couldn’t figure out Ula’s expression. She looked leery. Why would my meeting my father bother her? Maybe she had a bad relationship with her dad. “Is this bothering you? We can talk about something else…”
“No,” Ula said quickly. “You just surprised me.”
“Tell me about it,” I said. “He surprised me. Popping in and telling me I’m not…” Crap! I almost told her that he told me I wasn’t human. She would think I was crazy. What was I doing?
“You’re not…” Ula prompted me to continue. When I remained silent, taking a drink of my hot chocolate instead, she continued. “What is it, Meara? You can tell me. I promise not to laugh or anything.”
I searched her face. She looked earnest. I trusted Ula. She was there for me when no one else was, and she understood what I was going through. I took a deep breath and then told her. 
“He told you that?” Her eyes had gone wide, but her face betrayed no other emotions.
“Yes, weird, huh?”
Ula didn’t say anything. She was staring into the fire. When she turned to me, her eyes were teary. “Meara, I have something to tell you…”
My phone rang. It was my mom. It was a quick appointment, and she was ready to leave. When I hung up, Ula was already standing and zipping her coat. “I’ll walk you back.”
“What were you going to tell me?” I asked.
“It’s nothing,” she said. “I can tell you next time when we have more time to talk.”
“Are you sure?” I asked.
“Absolutely.” She smiled at me, but her eyes looked incredibly sad.
***
October passed in a blurry rush. Between mid-term tests and research papers, texting Kim theories of what David could be, and seeing Evan’s hockey games, I had little free time. When I did have a few minutes, Katie and I spent it planning a surprise birthday party for my mom. Her birthday was October 31, and Mom loved Halloween as much as I did. It had always been our favorite holiday. In past years, we spent weeks planning our costumes and decorating the house. The trick-or-treaters used to flock to our door, the most decorated house in the neighborhood. It helped that we always gave out the best candy, too.
“Does your mom know?” Katie asked. Again. She was paranoid that my mom would find out early. 
“She doesn’t have a clue,” I said. I wasn’t worried. Since Katie was my closest friend here, and Evan was my boyfriend, my mom had no reason to question why I was spending time at their house. Plus, I made a point of being home for dinner, and spending at least an hour with her every night to keep her informed of things—friends, school, and stuff. I enjoyed that time with her. I was amazed at how much better she seemed to be feeling. I guess the visit to the hospital helped her.
The party was tomorrow, and we were almost ready. Grandma Mary and Lydia had made most of the food. Katie designed the invitations and sent them out. She even sent one to Mom and me, inviting us to a costume party at the Mitchell residence. For all Mom knew, we were just going to Lydia’s annual party.
We were just putting the last touches on the decorations in the common room. 
“Hand me another bat?” I asked. Katie gave me a rubber bat, and I threaded the fishing line and suspended it from the ceiling. “How does it look?”
She smiled. “Creepy.”
I came down the ladder and stood next to her, eyeing the room critically. Then I smiled, too. It looked amazing. Giant spiderwebs draped in the corner, a flock of bats flew along the ceiling, and black rats with glowing red eyes crouched under the table.
“We do awesome work,” I said.
“We do,” Katie agreed. “But the real question is—what are you and Evan going as?”
“I’m not telling,” I said. “Unless you tell me what you and Brian are wearing.”
“It’s a surprise.”
“Well, then ditto.”
Katie pouted. “You’re no fun.”
I laughed. This party was going to be great.
***
“Bride of Frankenstein!”
Katie stood in the doorway, watching me put the final touches on my makeup. 
“Good guess,” I smiled at her from the mirror.
“I love your green skin, and how in the world did you get your hair like that?” My hair was standing straight up in the air—about two feet tall.
“Don’t ask,” I muttered, concentrating on attaching a false eyelash. Man, these things were trickier than they looked. I looked at Katie again and noticed that she was in her jeans and sweatshirt. The party was starting in fifteen minutes. “Are you planning on changing any time soon?”
“When Brian gets here.”
“Why the big secret?”
She smirked at me. “You’ll see.”
The doorbell rang. Neither of us jumped. People had been coming and going all morning. This was turning out to be the biggest party that Peggy’s Cove had seen in a long time; it seemed like everyone was contributing something. 
Brian’s voice rang in the hallway. “Has anyone seen the love of my life?”
Katie grinned at me. “It’s showtime. See you soon, Meara!”
I had no idea what their costumes were going to be, but with all this secrecy, I was dying to find out. 
“How’s my bride?” 
Evan stood in the doorway. His hair and eyebrows were darkened to jet-black, and his skin tinted green like mine. He had thimbles on the sides of his neck to mimic bolts. He wore a gray suit and big, black shoes.
“Glad I don’t wear false eyelashes every day,” I said. “How’s my monster?”
He came and stood behind me, so I looked at him through the mirror.
“Wow, Meara, you look stunning…and frightening all at once. I’m impressed.” He eyed my hair skeptically. “Where’s your white stripe?”
“That’s where you come in,” I said, handing him the can of white hair paint. “I can’t spray my hair and cover my eyes.”
“True,” he said, holding up the can in his right hand and shielding my face with his left. “Hold your breath.”
When he finished, I looked in the mirror. Perfect. The two of us looked like we stepped right off a movie set. I grinned at his reflection. “I think this is my best costume ever.”
“Mine, too.”
“What time is it?”
“Ten minutes until party time. Does that mean I get to kiss you?”
I laughed and stepped back away from him. “Not on your life. You’ll ruin my makeup. This took me twenty minutes.”
He sighed. “Ah, the joys of dating a high-maintenance monster.”
As we headed down the stairs, I took in the view. The Inn was transformed. It was like stepping into a haunted house. Decorations draped every corner and available space. 
The buffet featured green punch, steaming with dry ice, “eyeball” meatballs, monster fingers, broomsticks, “bat-wing” buffalo chicken wings, and every other kind of spooky or gross-looking food item Grandma Mary and Lydia could create. The cake looked like a witch’s cauldron, with gummy worms and bugs floating inside. 
“I don’t think I’ve ever been to a party this lavish.” 
Evan laughed. “It’s something else all right. I hope your mom likes it.”
“She’ll love it.” 
“You guys look great!” Brian called from behind us. 
I turned around and laughed. “This was your big secret?”
“Do you like it?” Katie asked, twirling around. She was dressed as the Statue of Liberty, and Brian was Uncle Sam.
“It’s patriotic,” I said.
“We wanted to remind you of home.” 
“That’s sweet,” I said. “Although, I don’t recall Uncle Sam and Lady Liberty strolling around my neighborhood growing up.”
“No?” Evan asked. “Well, that’s because you didn’t have Katie there. She probably would have latched onto this costume idea a long time ago. Any excuse to wear a toga.”
Katie stuck out her tongue just as Lydia ran into the room. She was dressed as a lion tamer, and Darren was a lion.
“Shhh…everyone. Sharon’s here. She just pulled up.” 
There were too many people to hide. Darren dimmed the lights, and everyone moved to the corners or against the wall. I felt the anticipation in the air, and my heart thumped in my chest. I prayed that she would be surprised, that she hadn’t somehow already figured it out. Katie picked me up earlier in the day, and I told my mom I was coming over to get my costume ready. She didn’t seem to think anything strange was going on.
We heard the knock at the door and Lydia opened it, stepping back to let Mom in. At that moment, we all yelled, “Surprise!” 
She jumped, but quickly recovered. “Holy cow! This is for me?”
We all broke into an off-key Happy Birthday. Darren placed a glass of punch in Mom’s hand, and she started to work her way around the room. I ran up and kissed her, noting how radiant she looked tonight. She was Red Riding Hood. Her cheeks flushed, and her eyes brightened with excitement.
“Happy Birthday, Mom!”
“Were you in on this?”
“Uh huh.” I smiled and hugged her tight. It was easy to do these days, because she was so incredibly thin. “Surprised you, didn’t we?”
“Almost gave me a heart attack then and there,” she agreed. “I think this was the biggest surprise I’ve ever had.”
“Besides me, of course.”
Her brow crinkled until she realized I was teasing. Then, she relaxed into a grin. “Yes, besides you.”
Guests continued to arrive, and soon the house was swimming with people. I didn’t know a lot of the guests. They were people from town or mom’s childhood friends. It was even harder to recognize anyone with costumes. We could have had a bus full of party crashers, and I didn’t think anyone would know the difference.
“Do you want to step outside?” Evan whispered. “It’s getting unbelievably hot in here.” He grinned down at me. “And, I’m not just talking about you.”
I shook my head. He just couldn’t resist those cheesy one-liners. “Sure. Let’s just grab some punch, and we can head out.”
My mom stood in the corner of the dining room, talking animatedly to a masked pirate. Strange, I thought, he looks familiar. She seemed to know him well. They stood close, and he touched her often—on the arm, the hand, and the shoulder. Once, he even brushed back her hair and tucked it behind her ear. I was about to go over by them when I heard my grandfather behind me.
“You!” he growled. “What are you doing here?”
Mom whipped around to face my grandfather. She looked…guilty. “Dad, please. Don’t make a scene.”
Grandpa Jamie gestured to the masked man. “Who invited him? Where’d he come from?”
Gasping, I knew exactly who the masked stranger was. 
David touched my mom’s arm, which had my grandfather snarling in response. “Keep your hands off her.”
Ignoring him, David addressed my mom. “It’s okay, Sharon. I’ll leave.”
“No!” Mom shook her head. Tears glistened in her eyes, but she looked determined. She lifted her chin and faced my grandfather. “I invited him, Dad. David is my guest.”
Now it was my grandfather’s turn to look surprised. Her confession seemed to knock the wind right out of him, and I watched as he sank into a chair, his eyes never leaving my mom’s face. “Why on earth did you do that?”
“I love him, Dad,” she said. “I always have.”
By now, the doorway to the room was crowded shoulder to shoulder with curious onlookers. No one seemed sure of what was going to happen next. I wished there was something I could do…like hide. This was so embarrassing! 
Lydia stepped through and waved everyone away with a sweep of her hands. “Okay, nothing more to see here. Let’s give the birthday girl a moment of privacy, shall we? Who would like some coffee and dessert? I made the most fabulous apple tart…” She kept up the social prattle as she led the onlookers back into the living room.
David stepped forward and offered my grandfather his hand. “I’m sorry, Jamie, for all the pain I have caused you and your family. I don’t expect you to forgive me. Just know that I do love Sharon and Meara.”
I perked up at my name. He loved me? How could he love me when he barely knew me? I didn’t love him. He was practically a stranger.
My grandfather looked at David’s outstretched hand. He stood and, at his full height, he was a good three inches taller than David was. His voice boomed. “Leave them again, and I’ll find you and deal with you myself.” 
With that, he turned and left the room.
David lowered his hand. He looked humbled; Mom looked mad. 
“He shouldn’t talk to you that way,” she said. “I’m going to go find him…”
“Sharon,” David said. “It’s okay. I’d say the same thing in his shoes.”
David put his arm around my mom’s shoulder and whispered something in her ear. She relaxed and smiled at him. I didn’t think she even realized I was in the room. Evan came up beside me, took my hand, and squeezed it. “Are you okay?”
Was I okay? “I think so,” I said.
When I spoke, Mom realized that I was in the room. She ran over and placed her hands on either side of my face. Her eyes were full of concern. “Meara, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for things to happen this way.”
David stepped behind her. He placed one hand on Mom’s shoulder and reached out to touch my hair with the other. “Hello, Meara.”
“Hello, David.” I was not about to call him Dad or even Father. Evan squeezed my hand again, so I introduced him. “David, I’d like for you to meet my boyfriend, Evan Mitchell. Evan, this is my father, David.”
David’s eyes appraised Evan as he shook his hand. “You don’t look surprised, Evan.”
“Well, Meara’s told me quite a bit about you.”
“The little I know…” I grumbled under my breath.
David chuckled, a delighted expression on his face. “Sharon, Meara has absolutely no patience.”
“No patience!” I sputtered. “You first appeared to me almost four months ago, and I’ve barely learned a thing about you.”
Mom looked up at him. “Perhaps it’s time you tell her more.”
David shook his head. “Not yet. Not here. We have time.”
“I’m standing right here,” I mumbled. “Why don’t you try talking to me?” I wasn’t some small child they could pat on the head. David exchanged another meaningful look with my mom. Great—now they were all lovey-dovey and keeping secrets from me—me of all people! The one who needed to know! I turned angrily and took Evan’s arm. “I can see I’m not going to learn anything new tonight. Come on, Evan, let’s go.”
Evan gave my parents an apologetic look, which had me fuming even more, and then followed me out the patio door and into the yard. He listened while I ranted, offering an “uh-huh” or “of course” at regular intervals. It didn’t take me long to get it out of my system, and when I calmed down, I realized how ridiculous I was acting. It didn’t stop me from telling Evan, “If you say ‘uh-huh’ one more time, I’m going to punch you.”
“Uh-huh.”
“You asked for it.” I went to punch him in the arm, and his hand wrapped around my wrist. He lifted my arm until it was around his neck, then wrapped his other arm around my waist and pulled me closer. 
“Don’t you know?” He breathed in my ear. “I’m a lover, not a fighter.” 
Any remaining anger and irritation disappeared as I lost myself in his kiss.



It was almost unnatural the way that David folded into the fabric of our lives. He was frequently at dinner. Tonight was no exception. There was only one wrinkle in this fabric. My grandfather, Jamie.
“Jamie, can you pass the potatoes?” David asked my grandfather, who continued to eat his food and act as though no one spoke. I bit my lip to keep from smiling and exchanged a glance with Evan. It was his first dinner with us as a family. I couldn’t wait to get his thoughts about it later.
“Dad?” My mom—the peacemaker. “The potatoes?”
“Oh? Did you want some, Sharon?” Grandpa Jamie passed her the bowl. Irritation flashed on Mom’s face, but she took the bowl and handed it to David.
I considered my grandfather’s current behavior an improvement. When David first started coming to dinner, Grandpa Jamie wouldn’t stop talking about how David was bound to leave us again. They argued about anything and everything. The outright confrontation eventually settled into Grandpa Jamie just ignoring him. I sided with my grandfather. I didn’t trust David.
“The food is delicious, Mary, as usual.” David knew the way to Grandma Mary’s heart. With his frequent compliments on her meals and even bigger appetite, she seemed almost as charmed by David as my mom did. 
She beamed in reply. “Can I get you anything else, David?”
David swallowed his last bite of potatoes, smiled, and patted his stomach. “No, thank you. I’m quite full.”
Grandma Mary laughed and stood up. “I hope not too full for dessert.”
David stood as well. “Let me help you, Mary.”
I watched as David and my grandmother walked to the kitchen. With his thick, dark hair and youthful appearance, David looked closer to my age than Mom’s. He only looked a few years older than Evan did. Why did he look so young? Why wasn’t it strange to everyone else? So far, no one had commented on it, not even Grandpa Jamie.
“Are you okay?” Evan asked. “You seem distracted.”
“I’m fine.” I smiled at him and hoped it was convincing. I was saved from saying anything else, because my grandma and David returned from the kitchen.
“I made apple pie,” Grandma Mary announced. “And we have vanilla ice cream, too.”
She winked at me, and I was touched. Grandma Mary made this meal just for me. She even invited Evan to surprise me. She cooked turkey and all the fixings. Technically, it wasn’t American Thanksgiving, since it was a Saturday night, but it was close enough. And I was grateful to have my family and my boyfriend with me. I was even okay with David being here. This time.
The pie was delicious, with the ice cream on top melting to perfection. Grandpa Jamie smile as he bit in. “One of my favorite desserts,” he said.
Mom laughed at something David said, and I looked at her. Ever since her trip to the hospital, I found myself watching her closely. In the morning, she was stiff and slow. Pain darkened her eyes and pulled at her features. When David appeared, she changed. It was as if his mere presence eased her pain and discomfort. At those moments, she was at her happiest, almost carefree. Her skin flushed prettily, and her eyes glowed. 
While I appreciated the effect David had on my mom, I was suspicious. As far as I was concerned, he had a motive and I needed to find out what it was. Poisonous thoughts filled my head, and suspicion clung to me like a well-woven cloak. Why was he here? When would he leave again? I practically choked on these questions, swallowing them bitterly as I watched my mom thrive in his company. 
“David found an apartment in Halifax,” Mom announced to no one in particular. “He moves in next week.”
“So, David,” I said casually, toying with my pie. “How long are you planning on staying this time?”
Grandpa Jamie had asked Mom this question numerous times. I felt him watching me, but my eyes were on David and my mom. Mom’s eyes flashed in anger, and she scolded me. “Meara, what kind of question is that?”
David covered her hand to stop her from saying more. “It’s okay, Sharon. It’s a reasonable question.” His gaze was measuring while he gave me a small smile. “To be honest, I’m a bit amazed it’s taken Meara this long to ask.”
What did he know about me? He knew me mere months, not years. I glared and waited. Finally, he answered, “I’m not going anywhere. I’ll stay as long as your mother wants me to stay.”
“Convenient, then, isn’t it?” I responded curtly.
He seemed confused by my words. “How so?”
“Well,” I paused. “You shouldn’t have to wait too long. Her days being limited and all.”
I regretted the words the second they left my mouth. But there they were, and I couldn’t take them back. Mom gasped, visibly paling as though someone had slapped her. Essentially, I had. David’s mouth set in a thin line. Disappointment. My grandparents stared at me, mouths gaping. I hated myself at that moment. It was by far my lowest point. I couldn’t even look at Evan.
“Excuse me,” I murmured, pushing back my chair and running from the room.
I knew someone followed me, but I didn’t turn to see who it was. I could have headed to my room, but that would have meant staying in the house, hearing the ramifications of my outburst, and seeing the hurt on my mom’s face. I went to the front door, yanking my coat off the hook on the way out. Then, I ran toward the shore. I didn’t stop until I was a foot away from the rocks. A sob shook my body, and I dropped to the ground.
I felt myself pulled backwards into a lap while arms wrapped around me. In my despair, it took me a minute to register who held me. It was David.
“Meara.” His voice was quiet. Soothing. He smelled like the ocean. It was comforting. I stiffened, because I wanted to relax into him. He didn’t seem to notice. Instead, he continued. “Don’t hate yourself. I’m the one to blame. If I hadn’t abandoned you and your mother all those years ago, you would have no reason to doubt me now.”
I didn’t turn to look at him. Why was he being kind now? My eyes welled up, and the tears streamed down. “I di-didn’t mm-mean w-what I s-said!” 
He stroked my hair and rocked back and forth, as if he were comforting a small child. “Of course you didn’t, honey, of course you didn’t. Everyone knows that. You’re under a tremendous amount of pressure. Your mother is worried sick about you.”
I sniffled and turned to look at him. “That’s exactly why I’m such a horrible person. She is dying, and she worries about me. Who do I worry about? Myself!”
“Is that true?” By the tone of his voice, I knew he didn’t believe it. He pulled me back again, resting my head against his chest and stroking my hair. “Were your words tonight for you or for your mom?”
When I didn’t answer, he answered for me. “You worry about her. For all those years, you just had each other. It’s natural that you have such a strong bond. Your mother loves you. I love you, too, Meara.”
I pulled away to look at him. His pained eyes searched my face. “I’m so sorry for what I did to you both. It’s unforgivable, and unfortunately, there is no way for me to explain why I did it.”
“Can’t you try?”
He shook his head. “Not tonight, although you, out of everyone, may get the closest to understanding me.”
“Why not tonight? When is this perfect time you’re waiting for?”
“You’re not ready. I’ll tell you soon. Then, it will all be clear to you.” 
“See?” I stood and pointed at him. “This is what I don’t get. You speak to me in rhymes or phrases that don’t even make sense. Why the secrecy? Why can’t you just tell me everything, so I can understand?”
He stood and turned away from me as if to head back to the house.
“David? Are you going to answer me?”
He looked back at me. His eyes were sad. “You’re not ready yet.”
“You keep saying that. What do I have to be ready for? Does insanity run in your family? Is it that bad?” The way he was acting, the way I was feeling, mental illness didn’t sound that far off.
“I can’t answer that for you. That’s something you’ll have to decide for yourself.” He turned to leave again. When he was about halfway to the house, he called back, “Take your time out here. I’ll let everyone know you’re okay.”
“David?” I asked. He paused again. “Can you send Evan out?”
“Of course,” he said. 
I turned back to the sea, lost in my thoughts. I didn’t have to wait long before I heard Evan approach. He stopped just behind me, but didn’t touch me. I wondered how repulsed he was by my obnoxious behavior.
“Meara.” He sounded quiet. “Are you okay?”
I nodded, not turning, wrapping my arms around myself. Evan placed his arms over mine and rested his chin on my head. He didn’t say a word, so I broke the silence. “Do you think less of me now?”
“Why on earth would you think that?” He spun me around and stared into my eyes. I felt myself tearing up again, so I broke his gaze and started to pace. 
“Because I was horrible in there,” I said. “I shouldn’t have said that. Did you see my mom’s face? I broke her heart.”
“Meara, stop it!” Evan held my arms to stop my pacing. He waited, forcing me to look at him before he continued. “What you said was no worse than what everyone else has thought since your mom’s birthday party. Of course you surprised your mom, surprised us all, but no one blames you.”
“I shouldn’t have said her days are limited. It just slipped out.”
“I know that, and your mom knows that, too,” he said. “Give yourself a break. Your mom is dying. A few months ago, she was all the family you knew. You’ve been thrown into this new place, and then, from out of the blue, comes your father who abandoned you at birth. How differently do you think anyone else would react in your shoes?”
I paused. He had a point. Evan continued. “Obviously, even David feels he should shoulder the responsibility, since he followed you out here. What did he say to you, anyway?”
I smiled. It was a bitter smile. “He started by saying practically the same thing you did, and then he lost me.”
“What do you mean?” 
“He started talking about how someday I may understand why he did what he did. That I share traits with him…” I trailed off. For the life of me, I couldn’t remember the rest of our conversation.
“What kind of traits?”
“I don’t know. He wouldn’t say.”
“Odd.” Evan shook his head. “So, when’s he planning to enlighten you on all of his secrets?”
“I don’t know that either. He told me I’m not ready.”
“Ready for what?”
“I have no idea.
Evan laughed. It wasn’t a happy sound. “Geez, Meara. No wonder you’re frustrated. The guy talks in circles.”
“Exactly.” 
“Do you feel better now?” Evan stepped closer.
“Yes, thank you.” I watched as his face drew near. He lifted my chin in his hand.
“I love you, Meara,” he said. My heart beat erratically, and my face flushed. Did he just say he loved me?
“You love me?”
He smiled. “I do. Never doubt that.”
“I love you, too,” I whispered. 
“I’ll never get tired of hearing that,” he murmured, just before his warm lips covered my own.



It was the week before Christmas, and I was getting desperate. In between going to school, cramming for exams, writing to Kim, and talking to Evan, I spent all of my free time online, desperately searching for his gift. Nothing seemed right. I wanted something unique. I tried not to let it show when I was around him how much trouble I was having finding his present. It didn’t help that he gloated about how he found me the perfect present. How could I compete with perfect?
Everyone else was easy. I bought a new cookbook from some up-and-coming American chef for Grandma Mary, a thick, flannel coat for Grandpa Jamie, and a pair of silver hoop earrings for Katie. I sent Kim a sweater from Gap, the one that she had hinted more than once that she liked. I bought my mom a new robe. It was lavender and plush. I tried it on in the store, and it was like wrapping up in a cloud. She was going to love it. 
I made another present for my mom, something more personal. It was a scrapbook. To be honest, it was a gift for both of us—something for her to enjoy now, and for me to have to remember all the good times when she was gone. I equally laughed and cried as I created it. 
I bought David a sweater. I shouldn’t have bothered. The day after I bought it, he practically ordered me not to get him anything. He claimed that he traveled light and would probably have to leave it behind anyway. Whatever. He could be so weird sometimes. It ticked me off that he hadn’t told me anything. Apparently, soon in his world meant a lot longer than mine.
***
“Earth to Meara…Are you there?”
Katie stood in front of me, holding a red sweater in her left hand and a black sweater in her right. I was thinking about something that David said the night before, so I had no idea what she asked me. I assumed it had to do with the two sweaters she held up.
“They’re great,” I said, glancing at them but not seeing. They looked like every other sweater Katie had shown me over the last hour. 
Katie raised one blond eyebrow at me. “You’re right,” she said slowly. “They are. Except—what I asked you—was which one you liked better, the red or the black?”
“Remind me again,” I said. “Who is this for?”
“Brian! I’ve been shopping for Brian for the past twenty minutes!”
“Then the red,” I said. “Definitely the red.”
“Are you sure?” she asked, biting her lip. 
I grew tired of Katie’s indecisiveness. “Buy it. It’s great.”
“Okay,” she said. “Come stand in line with me.”
The line was six-people deep. Why didn’t they bring in extra cashiers around the holidays? It was worse than waiting in line at an amusement park. At least there, you went on a ride when you go to the end. Here, you gave some stranger your money and were lucky if they thanked you for it.
My phone rang. I didn’t recognize the number, but I answered anyway.
“Hello?”
“Meara? It’s Ula. How are you?”
“Ula!” I didn’t even know she had a cell phone or knew my number. I missed her. She hadn’t been at the clinic the last few times I went with Mom. “I’m great. How are you?”
“Good. Listen, I hope you don’t mind that I called you. I was hoping we could get together? Finish our conversation?”
I remembered that she was trying to tell me something the last time we hung out.
“Uh, sure. I’m at the mall with Katie.”
“You are? Are you going to be there a while?”
I glanced in front of me. The line hadn’t moved. The cashier was paging a manager. Inwardly, I sighed. To Ula, I said, “Yeah, I think so.”
“How about if I meet you there?”
“One sec,” I said, turning to Katie. “Ula wants to meet us. Do you mind?”
“No,” she said. “That’s fine.”
“When will you get here?” I asked Ula.
“In about fifteen minutes. Should we meet by the food?”
“The food court? Sure. We’ll see you there.”
I hung up and realized that the difficult customer was gone. The line began to move, and soon, there was only one person in front of us.
“What are you getting Evan?” Katie asked.
“I have no idea.”
“You better decide quickly. Christmas is only a week away.”
“I know. Don’t remind me!”
Katie seemed to hesitate, and then she asked, “Are you getting anything for David?”
“I got him a sweater,” I said. “But maybe I should have bought him a compass, so he can find his way back to us if he gets lost.”
“Ouch. That’s a bit harsh, isn’t it?”
“It’s a joke,” I muttered. Katie obviously didn’t think it was funny. She fiddled with the neck of the sweater and seemed uncomfortable. Great. Now I was alienating my friends. I mentally sighed, and then pasted a smile on my face.
“I know!” I said. “You can help me think of something for Evan. You must have some great ideas. What did you get him?”
Relief flickered across her face. This was safe territory.
“I got him a book he wanted about Scottish legends or something.” She shook her head. “It’s not the type of book he normally reads, but he wanted this one. He has a whole bunch of books on his list.”
“What’s different about it?” I asked. Evan liked anything to do with the ocean, so I didn’t see why this was unusual.
“He likes nonfiction. His favorite ones read like textbooks. Boring.” Katie wrinkled her nose in distaste. “This one is a fantasy book with a mermaid and a sea monster on the cover. More fiction than fact.”
“Interesting.” 
“You could get him one of the others.” Katie unzipped her purse and began to search around it. “
I have his list. It’s in here somewhere…aha! Here it is.”
Katie handed me half of a torn sheet of loose-leaf paper. On it, in Evan’s handwriting, were about ten things that he wanted. Katie had crossed most items off and written names next to them stating who was giving the gift. Boring things like socks and t-shirts were left on the list, but then I saw the books he wanted. As I read the titles, a shiver ran down my spine. What was Evan up to?
“After we meet up with Ula, can we go to the bookstore?”
“Sure,” Katie said. “I’m done after this anyway.”
Katie paid for the sweater, and we walked to the food court. I spotted Ula right away. She wore another pair of vintage jeans and a black sweater. We were out of earshot when Katie asked, “Why does she always have that ratty old backpack with her?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “Maybe it’s like her purse. I actually think it’s kind of cool, her whole vintage look.”
“It’s different. I’ll give you that.”
Ula grinned when she spotted us and started walking over. I hugged her when she reached us. “You remember my friend, Katie?”
“Yes,” Ula said. “Hello, Katie.”
“Hi, Ula. So, do you have shopping to do, too?”
“Not really. I was just bored and hoping to hang out for a bit.” She eyed Katie’s shopping bags. “Looks like you’ve had luck.”
Katie smiled. “A bit. We were just about to go to the bookstore. Meara’s going to buy Evan some books he wants for Christmas.”
“Sounds fun. Let’s go,” Ula said.
I walked between my friends and tried to keep the conversation going. Katie got along well with Kim when she visited, but she didn’t seem to like Ula. I got the impression she thought Ula was weird. Ula did not seem to mind or have much interest in Katie either. So, why did I feel obligated to make sure everyone got along?
When we reached the bookstore, Katie handed me the list. “Here are the books he asked for. You may have to ask where to find them.”
I read the list. “The Mythical Creatures Bible, Monsters of the Deep, Ocean Lore and Legend…What kind of books are these?”
Katie shrugged. “Who knows? Maybe Evan’s doing some kind of research project at school. You know how crazy he is about anything related to the ocean. Find him a mermaid, and he’d probably marry it.”
Ula looked pale. “Those are books Evan requested?”
I showed her the list. “Guess so. It’s in his handwriting.”
I asked the bored-looking man at Customer Service if he could help me find them. He perked up when he saw this list, confessing his love of fantasy and folklore.
“It’s for my boyfriend’s Christmas present,” I told him, before he gave me a play by play of the last fantasy con he attended. He stopped smiling, but he showed me the section where I could find them. As luck would have it, they had all three books in stock. 
I thumbed through the pages and shivered as image after image of giant squids, shape-shifting creatures, and merpeople caught my eye. 
“Are you going to be here a while?” Katie asked. She was clearly bored, never mind that I already spent hours helping her shop.
“Probably a little longer. Why?”
“I’m going to get a cappuccino in the café downstairs. Come get me when you’re ready to go?”
“Sure,” I said, not looking up.
“’Kay. See you soon,” Katie said.
Ula picked up the book on top and nodded toward a table in the corner. “We can sit over there if you like.”
We sat down, and I set aside the first book and opened the larger one. It contained detailed illustrations, known facts, and retellings of legends. I lost myself in its contents, forgetting Ula was there until she cleared her throat and I looked up.
“About our last conversation…” she started. Her voice wavered. Was she nervous?
“Yes?” 
“I…uh…I just wanted to tell you…” She looked down. “Well, I haven’t told you the whole truth.”
“What do you mean?”
Her cheeks reddened. “The big one, to start with…Me mum is not being treated at the clinic.”
“What?”
“She’s dead.”
I gasped. “Oh no, I’m so sorry!”
Ula shook her head, her eyes filling with tears. “No, you don’t understand. She’s been dead. For many years.”
My throat constricted painfully. What was she saying? I cocked my head to the side and looked at her. “Why were you at the clinic then?”
“For you.”
I found it difficult to swallow. My heartbeat thrummed in my ears. She wasn’t making any sense. “I didn’t even know you.”
“No.” Ula’s voice grew stronger. “You didn’t, but I knew you.”
“What? How?” My questions came out in a whisper. 
“I’m your aunt, Meara. David’s sister.”
I looked around. Was this a joke? Was she crazy? “You’re kidding, right?”
She shook her head. “I wanted to tell you sooner. Believe me, I did.”
“Why should I believe you? I talked to you about David. How do I know you’re not making this up?”
“I’m not,” she said. Her voice was firm.
I started to cry, but brushed the tears away. “You lied to me.”
“I misled you. Yes. For that, I am sorry.”
“You’re sorry,” I repeated. How did one apology make this all better? “You’re not the person I thought you were. You’re not my friend.” I stood. “I think…I think I need to go now.”
Ula watched me with sad eyes. She didn’t try to stop me. I picked up the books to leave. I was several steps toward the escalator when I heard her.
“I can give you answers, Meara. I can tell you what he won’t.”
I stopped. It would be easy to go back and sit down. I wanted answers so badly that I could taste it. The taste was bittersweet. She lied to me. Could I trust her? Would she tell me the truth? I didn’t know, and for that reason, I didn’t turn around. As I started to walk again, she spoke once last time.
“Find me when you’re ready to know.”
Her voice sounded strange. Distant. My own curiosity made me turn back.
The table was empty. 



Why didn’t Evan tell me he wanted these books? I flipped through the thickest one as I sat on my bed. I planned to wrap them, but the illustrations caught my eye. Many of these creatures I had never even heard of before. Then again, I’d never been to the ocean until we moved here.
I stopped at picture of a fierce-looking man. Well, I guess you could call him a man. He looked human, except for the fact that his skin was blue and his teeth were sharp and pointy—a shark in a human’s body. I read the caption, 
The Blue Men of the Minch live in underwater caves in the Minch, a straight between Lewis, Long Island and the Shiant Islands near Scotland. They attempt to wreck ships unfortunate enough to pass into their territory by conjuring storms and luring sailors into the water. The captain will save his ship only if he can finish their rhymes and solve their riddles.
My eyes traveled back to the image. The artist did an amazing job. The sharp-toothed monster seemed to smile right at me. It was super creepy. I gave an involuntary shudder and turned the page. I saw serpent-like creatures, underwater horses—real horses, not sea horses—and giant squids. Most were more like animals and less like humans. Some could be real, like the giant squid, and some might be other animals mistaken for a monster, like a manatee or stingray. The book did a good job providing the myth and the facts to support or debunk it.
I came across another human-like monster. It was creepier than the blue man was. It was small and green, and even in the drawing, it looked evil. Grindylow, I read.
These water demons were first mentioned in British folktales in the county of Yorkshire. British parents told their children stories of Grindylows to prevent them from going into ponds and lakes alone. Grindylows are water demons with long fingers that drag children into the deep. 
Were all sea monsters evil? If I believed the stories, most sunk sinking ships or lured humans to their death. The author theorized that these legends explained drowning and shipwrecks, and of course, stories of scary monsters would keep kids who couldn’t swim from going into the water. I suppose it was like saying, “Don’t take candy from strangers”. It gave me the chills. Why did Evan want these books? I wanted to call him and ask, but I couldn’t ruin the surprise. Christmas was only a couple of days away. Although I didn’t want to wait, I had to.
I wish I could find the courage to ask David. I never seemed to get the question out when we were alone. Even if I did, I didn’t know that he’d tell me. He seemed to be following his own schedule to reveal information to me, and it was excruciating. Of course, now that I knew Ula was my aunt, I could get answers. She told me so. If only she were here.
I felt bad about the way I reacted yesterday. Once I got over my initial shock, I was less angry, more bewildered. And, I was hurt. How could she lie to me? How could she pretend to be in the same situation as me with a sick mother, when her mother wasn’t even alive anymore? Her mother. My grandmother. Did I have other relatives I didn’t know about?
“Hullo.” 
Ula popped into existence on the end of my bed, sitting cross-legged in her faded blue jeans. I screamed and jumped back, hitting my head on the headboard in the process. Her shocked expression must have mirrored my own. Her mouth dropped open just before she disappeared.
“Meara! Are you okay?” Mom slammed my door open and ran over to my bed. 
“It was a spider.” I tried to look sheepish.
She sighed and shook her head. “For crying out loud, you almost gave me a heart attack. Where is it?”
Lucky that Mom knew I was afraid of spiders. She had no reason not to buy my story. I pointed to the floor. “It crawled under my bed.”
She raised her eyebrow. “And you’re not going to kill it?”
“I’m not crawling under there after it!”
Mom lifted the bed skirt and glanced along the length of the bed. “Well, I don’t see anything now.” She straightened and ruffled my hair. “Next time, honey, just hit it with a rolled-up magazine.”
“Okay, Mom.” I smiled at her while leave, leave, leave played in my mind. I wondered if Ula would come back.
Mom started to the door, then turned and gave me a strange look. “You sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah, why?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. You seem edgy or something.”
I laughed. It sounded fake, even to me. “I had a lot of Diet Coke this morning.”
“Well, maybe cut back a little,” she suggested. “Oh, and your father will be here soon. He’s taking me out to dinner. Do you want to come?”
Out to dinner with my parents exchanging lovey looks? I could think of a million other things I’d rather do. “No, thanks, Mom. I’m going to work on a paper. It’s due on Wednesday.”
“You sure?”
“Yes. Thanks, though.”
“Okay, then.” She kissed my head, and then closed the door as she left.
I listened as Mom walked back down the hall. Then, feeling stupid talking to an empty room, I said, “You can come back now.”
“She’s gone?”
Ula once again sat cross-legged at the end of my bed. She smiled at me apologetically. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“I just wasn’t expecting it,” I said, referring to her ability to appear and disappear on a whim. “David can do that, too. Will I be able to?” It’d be kind of cool to pop in on my friends. Or Evan. Definitely would save on gas and time.
“Probably.” Ula shrugged. “It’s a family talent.”
“Family?” I just learned Ula was my aunt. Were there more? “Are there more of you?”
Ula tilted her head and studied my face. “I’m not sure what you’re asking. There are many of our kind, but I have one sister and five brothers.”
My mouth fell open. “Have I met anyone else?”
“Not that I know of. The only other one here with us is Brigid.” She made a face that I couldn’t read. “You’ll probably meet her eventually.”
I tried to wrap my mind around that. David had a family. A large family. “Does David have other children?”
Ula shook her head. “Just you. Some of my brothers are married though, and I do have other nieces and nephews…” Ula trailed off. She looked close to tears. “I’m sorry for deceiving you. I wanted to help. I didn’t know how else to get close to you.”
A surge of emotion swept through me. I took a deep breath before responding. “Why didn’t you just enroll in my high school like a normal teenager?”
Ula shuddered. “I hate school. I’ve never been good at it.” She gave me a crooked smile. “Besides, I’m not a teenager.”
I leaned close and studied Ula’s face. She looked bemused, so apparently she didn’t mind. Not a wrinkle or a gray hair. Her face was so young and innocent; I assumed she was either my age or a year or two younger. She acted older, though, and it would explain her love of vintage clothing. I was sure it was rude, but I asked anyway. “How old are you?”
Her reply was instant. “Older than you think.”
“Forty?”
“I was born in 1912.”
I laughed, but Ula didn’t even break a smile. She continued to watch me, her expression neutral. I stopped laughing when I realized she wasn’t joking.
“You’re over one hundred years old? That’s ancient!” The words came out, and I slapped my hand over my mouth. That was so rude! “I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!”
It was Ula’s turn to laugh. “I’m not offended, Meara.”
“And David is older?”
“He’s the oldest in the family, next to Uncle Angus,” she said. “But Angus is ancient. Over five hundred years old.”
I fell back against the headboard. Was this another of her stories? “How do you look so young?”
“We’re not human.” Ula shrugged. “We don’t age as fast.” 
We sat quiet for a few minutes. I think she was letting me digest the news. Ula gestured to the books spread in front of me. “I see you’ve been reading. Find anything interesting?”
I sighed and flipped through a few pages. “Not so much, unless I’m the daughter of a merman or swamp monster.”
Ula giggled. “Um, no. Swamp monsters don’t exist.”
“How do I know that? I just recently found out I’m half human, half something else. For all I know, vampires and werewolves exist. It’s a whole new world.”
Ula grew serious. “Truthfully, I don’t know about those creatures. We typically don’t spend much time amongst humans. We stick with our own kind, the ocean, and the other beings that we share it with.”
I couldn’t take it any longer. “What are you?”
“What do you think I am? Do you have any ideas?”
I looked down at the books in front of me. “What you are…it’s in one of these books?”
“Yes.”
I shivered. “I’m not sure I want to know. Most of the creatures in these books seem evil.”
Ula studied my face. “And humans are not? Humans kill each other. They kill animals and pollute the land and water. Is this not evil?”
“Not all humans are evil,” I protested.
“Not all sea creatures are either.” Ula reached for the book. “May I?”
I handed it to her silently and waited. She flipped through several chapters, found what she wanted, and turned the pages toward me.
“Selkies.” I read the title and looked at the image of the furry brown animal. “You’re a seal?”
Ula looked insulted. “No, I’m not a seal. Seals cannot change shape. Seals are seals.”
“That picture looks like a seal.”
“We are not seals. The best way I can describe us to you is that we are shape shifters. We can take the form of a human or a seal.”
I wiggled my toes, which were safely tucked into my socks. I thought about the flippers on a seal. I thought about becoming a seal. Was it possible? What would it feel like? 
“I’m one, too?” I couldn’t help asking.
Ula grinned. “Oh yes! You’ll be able to Change, too.”
“When?” I didn’t want to change in the middle of history class or something. Talk about embarrassing.
“It’s not a ‘When’. It’s more of a ‘Where’.”
I frowned at her. “Okay, now you sound like David.”
She leaned forward and patted my leg. “He’s frustrating, isn’t he? Try growing up with him, and five other older siblings who all had your best interests in mind.” She made a face, and I laughed.
The doorbell rang. The sound of my mom’s voice filled the house, followed by the deeper, rich tones of David’s voice.
“David’s here?” Ula paled. “I have to leave. Please, don’t tell him that we talked.”
“Will he be mad?” What would David do if he knew she told me? 
“I don’t know. I don’t want to find out. He’s protective of you, you know.”
“I won’t say anything,” I promised. “I have more questions. We barely started talking.”
Ula patted my leg again. It was an aunt-like gesture. “We’ll talk again soon. For now, read the books. You won’t find much that’s useful, but there’s some information there.”
She waved at me, and then she was gone.
I closed the books and shoved them back into the plastic bookstore bag just before my door opened.
“Hey, princess.” David poked his head in and smiled. He’d taken to calling me pet names—princess and sweetheart, among others. I wasn’t sure how I felt about it, but I knew he was making Mom happy, so I let it slide.
“Hi.”
He eyed the bag on my bed. “What’s that?”
I hugged the bag to my chest, suddenly feeling protective of my secret. “It’s Evan’s Christmas present. I was just about to wrap it.”
David nodded and let the subject drop. “So, you don’t want to come to dinner with us?”
I tried to sound apologetic. “I appreciate the offer, but I’d rather just stay home and study for my tests this week.”
David’s eyebrow rose. “Your mom said you had a paper.”
“Oh yeah. That, too. Busy week, you know, last couple of days before winter break.”
“All right, then. We’ll bring you back some dessert.”
“Thanks. Have a great time!”
He blew me a kiss and closed the door. Mom must have stayed in the living room with my grandparents. I wasn’t worried about dinner. Grandma Mary would have something delicious for us, even if it was just leftovers.
I listened until I heard the front door close and the low hum of David’s car disappear into the distance, then I pulled the books back out of the bag. I scoured every bit of information I could find on Selkies. When I ran out in the books, and it didn’t take long, I went online and searched some more. There wasn’t much.
The most consistent information I could find was that Selkies lived in and near the ocean. The legend seemed to originate on the Orkney Islands, near Scotland. That explained the accent that David and Ula tried unsuccessfully to cover up. It also said that the Selkies shed their sealskin to take human form. What did they do with their skin? Store it somewhere? I guess David could leave his at his apartment. Would he trust it there? From what I read, if a Selkie lost its skin, it could no longer change form. It was stuck as a human forever.
Could Mom take David’s skin? Would that keep him here? Legends spoke of fishermen who hid the skin of Selkie women to keep them as wives. That wasn’t any different, was it? But, it wasn’t right either. Keeping someone from their true nature, forcing them to stay with you, well, that wasn’t love any more than abandoning your woman and newborn baby daughter was. What a crappy mess.
Once again, I thought about calling Evan, or even texting Kim, and telling them about what I learned. Something told me to keep it to myself. The more people who knew, the harder it would be to keep it from David, and I wanted to know more. If David found out, I was positive he would order Ula not to tell me more. I didn’t know if she’d obey him, but I didn’t want to take that chance. No, the secret was mine. For now.



Mom, are you awake?” I cracked open her bedroom door, praying she was alone. I didn’t think David actually stayed over. I wasn’t naïve enough to believe that nothing happened between them. The last thing I wanted was to find them in bed together. I shuddered at the thought.
I barely heard my mom’s sleepy reply. “Meara?” 
I fully opened the door and saw that she was alone. I breathed a sigh of relief before running over and crawling into bed next to her. She jumped when my cold feet brushed her leg.
“Merry Christmas, Mom,” I whispered. 
She kissed my nose, and then whispered back. “Merry Christmas, honey.”
This Christmas morning ritual went back as far as I could remember. I would crawl into Mom’s bed and lay next to her until she was fully awake, and then we would walk together into the living room to open the presents under the tree.
The smell of coffee infiltrated the room just before I heard the distinct sizzle of the frying pan, followed by the heady scent of bacon. It wasn’t our habit to eat breakfast before opening gifts. Then again, it wasn’t just our tradition any more. Now, my grandparents were a part of it.
“How are you feeling, Mom?”
“Cold,” she said. “Your feet are ice cubes, Meara. Really, where are your socks?”
“I can’t sleep with socks on,” I said. “It bothers my feet.”
“Well, go put a pair on now.” She sat up and ran her fingers through her hair. “Your poor feet! I’ll get my robe, and then we’ll join your grandparents in the kitchen.”
“Okay.” I threw my arms around her and squeezed before I got up. Was I imagining things, or did she feel a little less bony? “I love you, Mom.”
“I love you, too, sweetheart.”
I ran to my room and put on some fuzzy Christmas socks that Mom gave me last year. When I walked back down the hall, she was waiting for me in her doorway. Her robe looked rattier than ever, and I couldn’t wait for her to open her new one.
“Merry Christmas!” we called out simultaneously as we entered the kitchen. 
Grandpa Jamie set down his paper, stood up, and gave us each a kiss on the cheek. “Merry Christmas, girls.” 
His voice sounded gruff. It was a surprisingly emotional display from him. I was touched. Grandma Mary was scrambling eggs, so we met her by the stove. I kissed her cheek, and Mom gave her a hug. Although my grandma laughed, there were tears in her eyes.
“Is something wrong, Grandma?” I asked. I had taken to calling them Grandpa and Grandma recently. I didn’t feel right calling them by their first names anymore, not when they truly felt like my grandparents.
“No, child,” she said. “I’m just so happy that we’re all together. Do you how long it has been since we had a full house for the holidays?”
“Oh, Mom.” Now it was my mom’s turn to tear up. She gave my grandma another hug and kissed her cheek. I heard her whisper, “I’m so sorry.”
Grandma Mary shook her head and waved us off. “I’m just happy to have you both here. That’s all.”
When I turned to go to the fridge and get my usual Diet Coke, Grandma stopped me. “Not this morning, Meara. I made you hot chocolate, and not from that awful powdered mix. There’s whipped cream too.” She poured me a mug of cocoa from the pan simmering on the stove. The canned whipped cream sat on the counter. I created a mountain on top of my drink. Yum.
I sat at the table across from Grandpa and next to my mom, savoring the rich, chocolate flavor. It was the best hot chocolate I had ever tasted. Mom eyed my mug. “Is there enough left for me?” she asked.
“Of course.” Grandma Mary poured her a cup.
After we finished with the eggs, bacon, and toast, we headed into the living room to open presents, leaving the dishes for later.
My mom loved her robe, and my grandparents liked their gifts, too. Grandpa and Grandma gave me a lamp, a new book in a series that I was reading, and an electric blanket, which I couldn’t wait to try out. My room was a bit drafty. Mom gave me two sweaters and a perfume that I had admired the last time we went shopping together. She also gave me a large box covered in a nursery-rhyme print. When I opened it, I realized that it was a memory box. It held items that I had no idea she saved—my baby shoes, report cards, artwork, and letters that I wrote to her over the years. We spent about an hour going through the mementos, laughing at memories and sharing it all with my grandparents. 
“I have one more gift for you, Mom,” I said when we were done. I reached behind the chair next to the tree and pulled out a flat, square package.
“What is this?” Mom asked as I handed it to her. I just shrugged and sat back to watch her open it.
She unwrapped the package, lifted the cover, and gasped, running her hand over the first page. “Oh, Meara.”
I smiled. “It’s a scrapbook of us, Mom.”
She turned the pages slowly, commenting on each one. When she was done, she handed the album to Grandma, and then slid over to hug me.
“Do you like it?” I asked.
“It’s beautiful, honey,” she said. “I love it.”
We cleaned up the wrappings. While my grandparents continued to look at the scrapbook and memory box, Mom and I went to our rooms to get dressed. After, I went to the kitchen and started washing dishes and cleaning up. 
“You don’t have to do that,” Grandma said from the doorway.
“I want to,” I said. “You shouldn’t have to do it all. Besides, you’re probably going to spend most of the day in here anyway.”
Evan and his family were coming over for dinner. They would be here around four. David was coming about an hour before them.
“Do you need help cooking?” I asked, although I figured she’d tell me no, even if she did need help. The last time I cooked with her, I burnt the sauce she asked me to stir.
“No, honey,” she said. “You can just relax with your mom and grandfather.”
She insisted on taking over in the kitchen, so I went back to the living room. Grandpa put on an old movie, Going My Way, with Bing Crosby. “This is what we watched when I was a kid.”
I curled up next to my mom to watch the movie. “You’re wearing your robe,” I said. “I thought you went to get dressed.”
She winked and showed me that she wore a blouse and dress pants underneath. “I couldn’t resist. It looked so comfortable.”
She covered my legs with her blanket, and I leaned against the fluffy sleeve of her new robe.
When the movie ended, I stood and stretched. Mom stood, too. 
“Should we see if your grandmother needs help?” she asked. 
Grandma seemed to have it all under control in the kitchen. “Recruit your father to bring up the folding table. You girls can set it.” She told us where she kept her holiday linens and sent us off.
Grandpa placed the folding table in the living room, since there was not enough room in the kitchen. There would be two sets of diners. At least we had an open doorway between us. When he was done, Mom declared, “Time to decorate!” 
Grandpa mumbled something about needing to test the food, and disappeared into the kitchen. Mom and I barely noticed him leaving the room. We loved to decorate, so we had fun arranging the tablecloths, cloth napkins, and napkin rings. We scouted the house, finding candles and holiday decorations to place along the center. When we were done, it looked like something out of a magazine—festive and elegant. 
The doorbell rang a few minutes before three, and Mom ran to get it. I refrained from rolling my eyes, but just barely. She acted like a teenager when my father was around. Although, I had to admit, when he walked into the room, he did look striking.
“It’s snowing,” he said, running his hand through his hair to remove the unmelted flakes. Under his leather jacket, he wore a dark green, cashmere sweater and black dress pants. Once he took off his well-worn coat, he looked like he just stepped off the set of a movie. He kissed my cheek while placing a small package in my hand. “Merry Christmas, Meara.”
“Merry Christmas,” I replied brightly. I hoped he didn’t notice that I purposefully left off his name. I wasn’t ready to call him Dad, but David did not seem right today, either. The holidays were about family after all. I looked at the gift in my hand. It fit comfortably in my palm, and was beautifully wrapped in gold foil paper tied with a red velvet ribbon.
“Are you going to open it?” David asked.
“Can I? I wasn’t sure if I have to wait for everyone to get here.”
“Go ahead. I’d like to know what it is, too.” Mom, at David’s side, leaned forward with curiosity. I carefully unwrapped the package—it didn’t seem right to tear such beautiful paper—and opened the box to find a gold bracelet inside. It was decorated with evenly spaced charms—a sand dollar to match my necklace, a starfish, a seahorse, a seal, and two pearls.
“It’s lovely,” I said. “Thank you.” I didn’t have much jewelry, and I loved the delicate beauty. The charms sparkled as I turned the bracelet in my hand.
“Do you want to put it on?” he asked. When I nodded, he encircled my wrist with the bracelet and closed the clasp. “Perfect fit.”
I gave him a hug before I showed the bracelet to my mom. She turned my wrist to the sides to view all the charms. “It’s beautiful, David.”
“I have a gift for you, too.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a box slightly smaller than the one he gave me. Mom’s was tied with green velvet that almost matched David’s sweater.
Mom took the gift and unwrapped it with shaky hands. When she lifted the lid, she gasped and looked at him. David dropped to one knee. I swallowed painfully.
“Sharon,” he said, and his voice was not steady. “I have not done well by you, but I know you are a generous person. I’m hoping you’ll give me another chance. I love you and have loved you since I met you. Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
“Oh, David!” Mom exclaimed. “Yes!” 
Mom wiped the tears off her cheeks, as David took the box from her and placed the ring on her left hand. He bent his head, and she met him for a kiss. I was too stunned to be embarrassed. My parents were getting married?
“About time,” Grandpa grumbled, although he looked pleased with David for once. I wondered how long they had been standing in the doorway of the kitchen. Grandma’s cheeks were wet. When the kiss ended, she ran and hugged them both, taking my mom’s hand to gush over the ring.
Mom gestured for me to join them, so I did. I had to admit, it was a gorgeous ring. Instead of a diamond solitaire, the ring featured a huge, creamy pearl encircled by alternating diamonds and sapphires. It fit Mom’s finger perfectly. When I looked up, I realized that everyone was watching me, waiting for my response. I thought for a moment, trying to figure out how I was feeling and what I wanted to say. I was confused, surprised, and, I realized, happy for them, too. For us. We were going to be a family. A real family.
“Congratulations,” I said, hugging Mom first and kissing her cheek. I hugged David next, and he whispered in my ear.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I should have asked you first. My mistake.”
“It’s okay,” I whispered, and I meant it. “You gave my mom the best gift ever.”
“Yes,” he said, pulling back to look in my eyes. “You.” 
I blushed and lowered my head. David, realizing he had embarrassed me, took the opportunity to give presents to my grandparents—a box of spiced nuts for my grandfather, and two bottles of white wine for my grandmother. 
“We’ll serve these with dinner,” Grandma said. “I’ll just go and chill them.”
The shock mostly wore off by the time the doorbell rang again, and Evan and his family came in. Evan crossed the room to me just before Mom ran over to show Lydia the ring. She screamed, and then they were hugging, crying, and laughing. 
Evan raised his eyebrow at me. 
“My parents are engaged,” I said, much calmer than I felt. 
“Wow,” Evan said. “Are you okay with that?”
“I’m happy for her,” I said. “For them.”
Evan reached out and, touching my wrist, lifted the bracelet lightly. “From David?” he asked, and I nodded in reply. “Nice.”
Katie came over and hugged me. “Merry Christmas! Sounds like it’s been an exciting day here.”
“You can say that again,” I said, and they both laughed.
Plates of roast beef, roasted potatoes, asparagus, and rolls were passed around the table. Katie, Evan, and I ate at the small kitchen table. We joked about being at the kids’ table while the adults ate in the other room. Talk of wedding plans drifted through the doorway. I was glad I didn’t have to sit there with a goofy grin on my face. Just because I was happy for them didn’t mean that I didn’t need time to adjust.
I sipped the glass of wine I convinced Mom to give me. “All right,” she said. “Just one.” 
When she wasn’t looking, Evan refilled my glass. After I drained it, I felt slightly warm and relaxed.
Evan, Katie, and I cleaned the kitchen, while the adults relaxed in the other room. Over dinner, Mom had asked Lydia to be her Matron of Honor. She also asked Katie and me to stand up for her. 
“Bridesmaids,” Katie gushed. “I can’t wait to go dress shopping!”
“Any excuse to shop.” Evan smirked at me behind Katie’s back. I laughed, and Katie hit him with the dishrag. He threw it back at her, hitting me in the process. Soon, we were all quite wet and laughing. The kitchen got more of a cleaning that we originally intended. We put the last of the clean dishes away, dried off the counters and floors, and returned to the living room.
“What happened to you three?” Grandma asked. I looked at Katie and Evan. Their sweaters were covered in wet spots, and their hair was standing up in strange spots. I held back a grin, knowing that I looked just as bad, if not worse.
“She started it!”
“He started it!”
Evan and Katie spoke at the same time, pointing fingers at each other. Lydia sighed, and Darren laughed, saying, “Good to know that some things never change.”
“Meara, take Katie to your room and find her a dry shirt,” Grandma said. “Evan, come with me. I’m sure Jamie has something you can wear.”
I looked at my grandfather. He was at least double Evan’s size. What could he possibly have that Evan could wear?
“Mary,” David said. “I’ve got a few things here. Evan can come with me, and I’ll find something for him.”
Grandpa glowered momentarily, but then he glanced at Mom’s ring and his expression relaxed a bit. He didn’t say anything. Wow, if that was all it took, David should have proposed weeks ago.
“C’mon, Katie,” I said. “Let’s see what I can give you.”
When we got to my room, Katie dug through my dresser and pulled out a pale pink sweater. “Can I wear this?”
“You can have it.” The sweater was pretty, but bubble gum pink was not my color. Mom’s friend, Rebecca, gave it to me a couple of years ago for my birthday. I only wore it a couple of times to Sew Beautiful so she could see it.
“Really?” Katie took off her sweater, and pulled the pink one over her head. She ran her hand down the front. “I can keep it?”
“Yes,” I said. “It looks better on you anyway.”
I pulled out my favorite hoodie and held it up. “Would it be wrong to wear this?”
Katie shrugged. “Go ahead…day’s almost over anyway.”
I took off my wet sweater—the tank underneath was fine—and put on the hoodie, zipping it halfway. I’d rather be comfortable, and this was about as comfortable as I could get.
There was a knock at the door, and then Evan called, “You girls decent?”
“Yes,” Katie and I said at the same time.
Evan opened the door and came in. He wore a dark gray sweater that I saw David wear often. It looked good and fit him well. “Mom wants to see you,” he told Katie.
“She does?” Katie frowned at Evan. “Oh, right. Yeah, okay.”
“What was that about?” I asked as Evan sat next to me on the bed with his hand behind his back.
“Merry Christmas, Meara.” He brought out a package almost as small as the one David gave my mom. My heart skipped. Oh god, don’t tell me that he’s proposing too, I thought.
The gift was wrapped in pale blue paper and covered in silver snowflakes. A small, silver bow graced the top. Once again, I took my time unwrapping. I lifted the box lid and saw a pair of earrings inside. They were gold sand dollars that matched my necklace. They each held a dangling pearl. 
“I noticed that you always wear your necklace,” Evan said before I could say anything. “And I wanted you to have something to remind you of me, too.”
“I love them.” I leaned forward and kissed him. I meant for it to be quick, but he pulled me closer. When we parted, I was breathless. “Thank you.”
He laughed. “Anytime.”
I slapped his arm lightly. “For the earrings.” I stood and walked over to my dresser. Glancing in the mirror, I took out my current pair and put in the new ones. I noticed that the pearls swung gently when I moved my head. Evan came and stood behind me.
“They look beautiful on you.” He touched one with his finger, and I shivered when his fingers brushed my neck.
I turned, took his hand, and led him back to the bed. “Sit down. I’ll get your gift.” He gave me a wicked grin, and I laughed. “Is that all you think about?”
He shrugged. “Pretty much.” 
Kneeling, I pulled his present out from underneath the bed. I was glad that he gave me mine in my room. Now that I knew what David was, I didn’t want him to see Evan open his presents. He would ask too many questions. I planned to bring Evan back here anyway.
“Merry Christmas.” I handed him the packages and sat next to him on the bed. Unlike me, Evan had no qualms about opening his gifts fast. He tore the paper off the first book. He turned it over in his hands and looked at me quizzically.
“How did you know?” 
“Katie told me,” I said. “Open the next.”
Evan seemed to hesitate, but then he did as I said. “Wow. Thank you.”
“Why did you want them?” I tried to keep my voice casual. Was it my imagination, or did Evan blush a little?
“I have a few ideas about what David might be. I wanted to do some research.”
“What do you think?” I asked.
“I’d rather not say yet,” he said. “It’s kind of crazy.”
“Try me,” I said.
He laughed and kissed me. “I tell you what. Let me read these first. I promise we’ll talk as soon as I’m done.”
“Okay.” I knew I was pouting like a little kid, but I wanted to know what he thought. Was he close? Did he think David was a Selkie? Or did he think he was something else? Like one of those blue men?
“Thank you,” he said, kissing me again. I wasn’t sure if he was thanking me for the present or for not forcing the issue.



On Christmas, when David and Mom announced their engagement, Lydia told us she could pull off a wedding in less than a month. I didn’t believe her, and yet here we stood in a small room in the back of church—the one that was usually reserved for the minister to get ready for service. The only exception was for weddings, when it became the bridal chamber.
Mom kept patting her hair. 
“You look beautiful,” I told her, and I meant it. She wore a long, silk sheath in a blue so pale it was almost white. A sheer, iridescent layer floated over the top. It shimmered and created the illusion that the dress changed color. It reminded me of the inside of an oyster shell—all silvery whites, pale pinks, light blues, and lavenders.
“Is it time?” Katie opened the door and peered out into the chapel. “It looks like everyone is here.”
“A few more minutes,” Lydia said, looking at the clock. “Close the door so no one sees us.” She fussed a bit with the back of Mom’s dress, adjusting the sheer layer. Lydia’s own gown was subdued next to Mom’s, but elegant all the same. She wore a pale, beige, tea-length dress with a sheer jacket.
Katie and I also wore tea-length dresses, but ours had capped sleeves. Mine was a shimmery, light blue, and Katie’s was silvery lavender. We held small bouquets of lilies of the valley. Their sweet fragrance filled the air. Mom’s larger bouquet was accented with small purple and blue flowers that matched our dresses.
I heard the soft notes of the wedding march. Pachelbel’s Canon in D Major. David specifically picked that song. 
There was a brief, but loud, knock at the door, and then we heard Grandpa’s gruff voice. “Are you ready?”
“Come in,” Mom said. She ran her hand once more down the length of her dress, took a deep breath, and smiled as my grandfather stepped into the room. He paused for a moment, his eyes widening.
“Dad?” Mom’s voice sounded uncertain as his eyes watered. He ran his hand over them quickly, before stepping up and kissing my mom on the cheek.
“You look beautiful, honey.” He turned to me. “You two better get out there. You’re walking down the aisle first.”
“Oh, right!” Katie and I quickly left the room. Lydia followed us out. Evan and Darren stood in front with David. I’d never seen Evan in a tux before. I stared until Katie elbowed me in the rib.
“Close your mouth,” she teased. “You’re drooling.”
“Haha.” I felt my cheeks burn even as I looked away.
While Katie walked down the aisle, I waited. I knew when she was about halfway down that it was my cue to go. The small chapel was full. I assumed both sides were for the bride, since David didn’t seem to have a lot of friends. I recognized some of the people from town. Everyone smiled at me expectantly. Although I was nervous, I made a point to smile back.
Taking a deep breath, I began to walk and met Evan’s eyes. He looked stunned at first, but then he smiled. A huge smile, which brought out his dimples. He mouthed, “You look great,” and I blushed. 
“You too,” I mouthed back. He did look amazing in his tux.
Once I took my place at the altar, we all turned to the back of the church. The music swelled as Grandpa and Mom came toward us. A sigh rippled through the crowd, and I noticed Grandma going through several tissues, dabbing her eyes and wiping her nose. She beamed at them both.
Mom’s eyes were for David only. When I followed her gaze, I inhaled slightly. He looked so intense. Even Grandpa cocked his head at David, as though trying to figure him out. Clearly, Mom and David were very much in love. I thought about all the years they lost being apart, and it made me sad. Why didn’t they stay together?
Before I could dwell on that, they were at the front of the church. Mom kissed Grandpa on the cheek. He took her hand, placed it on David’s arm, and then he leaned in, whispering something to David. David nodded curtly and clamped him on the shoulder. I wondered what the exchange was about but, apparently, all was good. Grandpa, with a slight smile on his face, took his seat by my grandmother, and David turned to give his full attention to my mom, a dazzling smile on his face.
They exchanged vows, promising to care for each other in sickness and in health. I swallowed painfully at the “to death do us part” line, but my parents continued to smile at each other. They were alone in their love, and we were merely spectators.
Then the vows were over. They were officially husband and wife. When invited to do so, David tipped my mom back and kissed her passionately. I had to look away, and when I turned, I caught Katie’s eyes. She grinned. I looked at Evan, and he smiled back.
Everyone clapped. Joining arms, David and my mom walked out of the church. Darren and Lydia went next, and Katie, Evan and I followed.
Evan leaned down and whispered, “You look amazing.” 
“You look pretty good yourself,” I said.
At the back of the church, I was able to briefly hug and congratulate my parents before we formed a receiving line. I smiled and shook hands with people I knew and people I didn’t. I accepted their compliments with a gracious nod and, in between greetings, I rubbed my hands up and down my arms. Every time the door opening, a freezing blast of artic air filled the small space.
A warm blanket covered my shoulders. Well, that was what it felt like, but I realized it was Evan’s coat. “Is that better?”
“Yes, thank you.” I looked at his long-sleeved dress shirt and vest. “Won’t you be cold now?”
“I’ll be okay,” he said. “You’re clearly freezing.”
The warmth of Evan’s jacket relaxed my muscles. I leaned forward to see around my parents. How much longer was the line? Coppery curls caught my eye, and I gasped. Surely, Ula didn’t come. My mom knew that I had a friend named Ula, who I met at the clinic. It wasn’t like Ula was a common name, like Becky or Amy. I’d never heard it before I met her. How was she going to explain that she was my aunt and her mom was already dead?
“You okay?” Evan looked at me closely. He must have heard me gasp. 
I grimaced at him. “Fine. Just tired of standing in line.”
He nodded. “It’s almost to the end.”
I couldn’t see the other end of the receiving line where Katie stood next to her parents, but I could see that it was Ula standing there. I knew Katie would remember her, since they’d met several times, but I wondered if Evan would. He’d only met her once, and it was brief. I didn’t hear Katie shout anything, so it couldn’t have been too bad.
Ula stopped in front of David. She exchanged a look with him, and then hugged him tightly. By his response, I gathered he was expecting her. A tall woman with exotic features stood behind her. She wore a long, clingy dress of deep purple with bell sleeves. A silver belt of Celtic knots rested on her hips. Her long, straight hair was black and glossy, and her eyes were a bright, clear violet. She was breathtaking, but her expression was cold as if she surveyed the wedding party with disdain. She nodded at David. To my surprise, he pulled her into a hug. She stiffened at first, and then hugged him back. Who was she?
Mom looked as bewildered as I felt. When David released the woman, he tugged at his collar before taking Mom’s hand. He leaned forward and looked at me, addressing us both. “Sharon, Meara, I want you to meet my sisters, Ula and Brigid.”
Mom’s brows wrinkled as if trying to remember something, but then they smoothed over and she smiled. “Pleased to me you both. I had no idea David had sisters. He never said anything.”
The reproach was clear in her voice. David had the decency to look sheepish. Ula squeezed Mom’s arm. “No doubt you had more important things to discuss than us.”
“Doubtful,” Brigid said with a frown. “We are, after all, his only sisters.”
Once again, David squirmed. Ula seemed to take pity on him. “C’mon Brigid, we’re holding up the line.”
Ula rolled her eyes at me and stuck out her tongue when her back was to Brigid. I bit my own. I didn’t think I should laugh as my new aunt approached. She looked much too severe.
“Hi Meara. Evan.” Ula’s tone was chipper, almost unnaturally so. Maybe she was trying to make up for Brigid’s frown.
Evan’s brows knitted. “You’re David’s sister?”
“I am.” Ula looked sheepish. “It wasn’t nice of me to keep it from Meara.”
Evan gave me a pointed we’ll-talk-later look, then said, “Good to see you again.”
“You too.” She squeezed his hand. It must have been her signature gesture—the squeeze.
“You must be Meara.” Brigid’s eyes pierced my own. Her cold gaze made me shudder. “Merry Meet, niece.”
I didn’t know what that meant. I assumed it was a friendly greeting. “A pleasure to meet you, Aunt Brigid.” I extended my hand. She stared at it for a moment before taking it in her own. Her slim hand was cool and dry.
“Brigid. Just Brigid.” Her accent was much more pronounced than Ula’s was.
“Will you be going to the reception?” I asked, trying to address both of my aunts. It was difficult, since Brigid was scanning the room, her eyes on alert.
Ula frowned before answering. “Unfortunately, no.”
Brigid’s eerie eyes snapped back to my face. I tried not to flinch. “We have a previous engagement. Fare thee well, niece.”
“It’s Meara,” I said weakly as she stalked away. 
Ula hugged me and whispered in my ear. “Don’t worry about Brigid. She’s always like that.” She pulled back and winked. “I’m your fun aunt.”
“What—?” I started. She shook her head. 
“I’ll talk to you later, okay?” She turned and quickly followed Brigid. I watched as they left through the side door of the chapel. What kind of engagement could they have that would keep them from celebrating their brother’s marriage? 
Several long minutes later, the last guest was greeted and we were free to leave. I gave Evan back his coat and went to get mine from the room where we got ready. It was a new faux-fur cloak that matched my dress, completely impractical since I had no idea when I would use it again, but warm and lovely. David paid, so I didn’t worry about it. I did wonder how much money he had, and where he got it from. I couldn’t bring myself to ask.
The reception dinner was in Halifax at one of the nicer seafood restaurants, The Shores. David rented a private room in the back. He also arranged for a limousine bus for the entire bridal party.
“Have you ever been on one of these?” I asked Evan as we waited to board.
He shrugged. “A bunch of us took a limo to prom, but it was smaller than this.”
The bus was elegantly decorated in dark grays and black. Plush couches lined the walls, broken only by two minibars. Champagne cooled in buckets.
We sat, and champagne was passed around. Katie and I grinned at each other, raising our glasses in mock solute.
“A toast,” David said, holding up his glass. We all followed suit. “To my beautiful bride, Sharon, to my lovely daughter, Meara, and to all our friends and family who celebrate with us, may the happiness of today be with you always, and the happiness of tomorrow come your way.”
We clinked our glasses. I sipped the champagne and fell in love. The bubbles teased my tongue as the sweet flavor exploded in my mouth. I took a slightly bigger sip, and before I knew it, the glass was empty.
“Can I have some more?” I asked Evan, who was sitting next to the bottle. He refilled my glass. 
“You like it?” he asked as he handed it back to me.
“Mmmmmmm,” I said, taking a sip and smacking my lips. “Yum!”
He laughed and put his arm around my shoulder. “Just don’t drink too much. That stuff can give you a nasty headache.”
I tried to sip slower, but it was hard. I looked back where David and Mom sat. They were talking softly, his arm around her shoulder and hers around his waist. She laughed at something he said, and he bent to kiss the tip of her nose. They were cute together, but it was a bit weird to think of my parents as married. My whole life I had wondered about my father, and now he was here, married to my mom. I should be elated, but it just felt weird. 
I finished the rest of the champagne and held my glass out to Evan.
“You sure?” He frowned at my empty glass. “Maybe you should wait a bit.”
I shook my head. “This is my last one.”
“Okay,” he agreed, even though it sounded like he thought the opposite. He refilled my glass and handed it to me. Then, he placed his arm around my shoulder again, and I snuggled into his warm side.
Katie pouted at me from across the aisle. She was next to Lydia, and Darren was closest to the champagne. They cut her off at one glass, and she clearly wanted more. “No fair,” she mouthed to me. 
When we stopped in front of the restaurant, I stood to get off. I swayed a little before Evan caught my arm. “Easy,” he murmured.
“Maybe I should have stopped at two.” I giggled, and then frowned. I didn’t giggle, did I? 
“You think?” He rolled his eyes, but held tightly to my arm, helping me off the bus. Once we had more room, he slid his arm around my waist, which was more comfortable and supportive anyway.
I leaned into him. He was so warm, so cute. I hugged him and then hiccupped, right before I tripped over the uneven pavement.
Evan snorted. I gave him the evil eye, which made him laugh out loud. “Let’s get you some food.”
The party room was at the back of the restaurant in a private wing with its own bathrooms and a concierge to take our coats. Classical music played softly, and the air smelled sweetly floral from the garland draped along the entranceway and the cascading bouquets on the tables. Serving staff circulated trays of appetizers as guests mingled. As we walked around, I nodded and smiled at everyone. Evan filled a plate and handed it to me.
“Eat up. You’ll feel better.”
“I feel great!” I grinned at him, but he took a stuffed mushroom cap off the plate and held it to my mouth.
“You won’t for long unless you eat,” he insisted, so I took it and ate it. It was delicious. So was everything else on the plate. Soon, it was gone.
“Oops,” I said. “I hope you didn’t want to share.”
Evan laughed. “No, you needed it more than me. Did you even eat today?”
“No,” I said. “I was too nervous.”
“Do you feel better?”
“I guess.” I didn’t know if the word I was looking for was “better”, but I did feel more like myself. That lovely, fuzzy head feeling was almost gone. 
“Do you want something to drink?” When my eyes lit up, Evan laughed. “I meant, like a Coke or something, Meara.”
“Oh,” I said, trying not to sound disappointed. “Diet Coke it is.”
I followed Evan through the crowd to the bar in the corner. 
“Do you have another drink?” Katie asked. I turned to see her glaring at us, her hand on her hip.
I raised my glass. “Diet Coke.”
“Hmmmpf,” she said. “Well, okay then. I was going to insist you get me some too if it was more of that delicious bubbly.”
“I know, right?” I said. I looked around for Katie’s boyfriend. “Where’s Brian?”
“On his way, I guess.” Katie shrugged. “He’s coming right after work.”
I bounced a little on my feet. “I can’t wait for the dancing.”
“Me, too!”
The head server announced dinner, and everyone began to move to their assigned seats. Katie, Evan, and I were at the head table. Lydia, Darren, and Katie sat on Mom’s right. I sat on David’s left, and Evan sat on the other side of me. 
David squeezed my hand. “How are you doing, kiddo?”
“I’m good,” I said. “You?”
He laughed. “Never been better.”
Our server set the plates in front of us—lobster tails, filet mignon, scallop potatoes, and asparagus.
“Oh wow.” I didn’t have seafood often. It was a luxury Mom and I rarely splurged on.
“Do you like seafood?” David asked.
“I love it,” I said.
“What’s your favorite?” 
I thought for a moment. How to pick a favorite? “Probably crab legs. They are so sweet.”
“I like oysters best myself,” David said. “But crab’s delicious, too.”
I managed to eat about half of my dinner before it was time for speeches. David greeted everyone and thanked them for coming. Mom went next and said more or less the same thing. Then Lydia gave a speech as Matron of Honor. I listened to her tell funny stories about my mom from their childhood, relieved that I didn’t have to give a speech. I wondered what she would say about David, but she didn’t say much. When she finished, she hugged my mom and then David.
I was almost done eating when David led Mom to the floor for their first dance. The lights dimmed, and the song began. I recognized it right away, Unforgettable by Nat King Cole. It was one of my mom’s favorite songs. David held her close, one hand on her lower back, the other clasping hers. They spun slowly around the room, and Mom’s dress floated out around them. Conversations faltered as the room fell under their spell. When the song ended, everyone clapped.
The next dance was the wedding party dance. Evan offered me his hand, and I took it. When we reached the dance floor, he pulled me into his arms. We moved slowly with the music, and I relaxed against his chest.
“Are you having fun?” he asked. I looked up at him and nodded. He kissed me lightly. “Good.”
The song ended, and everyone was invited to dance. The music switched from slow and romantic to a pulsing beat. Katie joined us on the dance floor. Evan didn’t have the best rhythm, but he tried. After a couple of songs, though, he told me that he wanted to grab a Coke and get some fresh air. 
“No more than ten minutes,” he promised. 
We kept dancing, and my skin grew hot. I was about to suggest that we grab a drink, too, when Brian came up behind Katie. He ran his hands down her side and kissed her neck. Unlike Evan, he was a great dancer. The three of us danced to the next couple of songs, until a slow song began. Brian wrapped his arms around Katie and led her away in a dance. I looked around the room for Evan, but he was gone.
Mom and Lydia sat sipping wine at the head table. They were flushed and a little sweaty from dancing. I imagined that I looked the same. I couldn’t wait to get a drink of something cold.
“Have you seen Evan?”
“No,” Mom said. I noticed dark shadows under her eyes. “Maybe he’s with David.”
“Where’s David?”
“He went outside to get some air.”
I got a ginger ale, nodding at Darren and Grandpa, who were drinking beers by the bar. I pushed open the door to the private outside patio.
The patio was deserted, which wasn’t surprising since it was the middle of January and pretty damn cold. I welcomed the frigid air against my hot skin. All that dancing worked up quite a sweat. I stood, sipping my drink. As my ears adjusted from the loud music to the outdoor silence, I heard hushed male voices. 
“…it was you. I know…admit it.”
“So what…me? You need to…out…Evan.”
I heard Evan’s name, and my heart jumped. Who was he talking to? I strained to discern the voices, but they were too quiet. Distinctly male, but it could be any guy in the room. I couldn’t tell if the voices belonged to David or Evan. I didn’t know if someone was addressing Evan or just saying his name. I longed to peek around the corner and find out, but I wasn’t sure how far away they were standing. While I stood trying to decide, the door opened behind me.
“There you are, Meara!” Katie said. “What are you doing out here?”
“Oh, I just came out to cool off.” I made my voice sound carefree, in case they were listening, whoever they were.
“Where’s Evan?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “Maybe he’s inside looking for us?”
She frowned. “I didn’t see him, but I guess we can look again.”
It was another ten minutes before Evan found me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me. I jumped a bit. “You’re cold!” I protested.
He laughed. “Sorry, I guess I stayed out a little longer than I should have.”
I took a chance. “I went out on the patio about ten minutes ago, and I didn’t see you.”
“I took a short walk,” he said. “C’mon, let’s dance some more.”
“Did you walk by yourself?” I asked as I wrapped my arms around his neck, which was cool to the touch.
He raised an eyebrow at me. “Who else would I walk with?”
I was disappointed. Was he one of the voices I heard? It would make sense since he was outside, but why hide it from me?
David tapped Evan on the shoulder. Did I imagine it, or did a look of irritation flash across Evan’s face.
“May I cut in?” David asked. 
“Of course.” Evan stepped back, turned, and walked off the dance floor. If I didn’t know better, I’d think he was angry.
David placed his hand on my waist and took my other hand in his. He smiled down at me. “You don’t know how happy I am, Meara. I’m so glad that we can be a family now.”
“Why now?” I asked. “After all these years?”
“I tried earlier,” David said. “I couldn’t find you.”
“Couldn’t find us?” I asked. “Did you try? Did you ask my grandparents?”
David’s laughter was bitter. “You saw how Jamie treated me when I first came back. How do you think he would have reacted if I approached him without your mother there?”
“Ah,” I hesitated. He had a point there. He was not one of Grandpa’s favorite people. I tried a different approach. “Why did you leave in the first place?”
David sighed. “I had to.”
“Had to,” I repeated. “What does that mean?”
“I will explain,” David said. “Soon.”
“When?” I demanded.
“Not tonight,” he said. “I know you want answers, Meara, but tonight is not the night. Tonight we are celebrating, yes?”
“Yes,” I said. I wanted so desperately to tell him that I already knew what he was, what I was, that I didn’t have to be pawn in his game. Instead, I dropped my head to his chest.
“Thank you,” he whispered, pulling me into a hug as the song ended. I stiffened at first at the unexpectedness, but then I relaxed. I found myself hugging him back.
I blinked as the lights went up. Chair scraped against the floor as the guests stood to give their final wishes and leave. David squeezed my hand. “I should find your mother.”
They were going to Niagara Falls for their honeymoon. I was staying with my grandparents while they were gone, and then Mom and I were moving into David’s condo. On one hand, it made me nervous, and I was sad that I wouldn’t see my grandparents as often. On the other hand, I was going to be much closer to Evan. 
I followed David, since I wanted to say goodbye.
“Meara!” Mom pulled me into a hug and kissed my cheek. I held onto her tightly. When we pulled apart, my vision blurred with unshed tears.
“Have fun, Mom,” I said. “I’ll miss you.”
Mom wiped a bit of her lipstick from my check and smiled at me. “I’ll miss you, too, sweetheart, but I’ll see you soon.”
My grandparents started to say goodbye, so I moved to the side. Evan came up next to me. “You okay?”
“Sure.” I sniffed a little. “It’s just, you know, not every day that your parents get married.”



"It’s so like you, Brigid.” David’s laugh was bitter. He stared at my aunt, his face full of scorn. She was beautiful with her long, dark hair blowing wildly in the wind, swirling around her pale face. Her beauty was only marred by her fury.
“She’s a Halfling.” Brigid’s eyes flashed, and her fingers pulled at the choker around her neck.
“Nonetheless, she is my daughter.” David spoke with authority, his voice full of contempt. “I’ll have you show her nothing but respect.”
“Respect,” Brigid spat. “She doesn’t even know who she is.”
“She will,” David said. “Very soon.”
“Then take her and go.” How quickly Brigid turned from angry to pleading. “Before it’s too late.”

I woke with a start. The sun, a sliver on the horizon, tinted the cloudless sky a deep purple. I studied the patterns of frost on the windows. What woke me up? My breath came out as a visible mist. As much as I loved having a converted porch for a bedroom, it wasn’t too ideal in the winter. My nose was absolutely freezing. The rest of me, however, was toasty warm, thanks to the electric blanket my grandparents gave me for Christmas. At least I didn’t have much longer to deal with it. My parents were coming home from their honeymoon today. Tomorrow, we would be moving to David’s apartment.
A light tapping at the window made me jump. Who was out in this bitter cold? 
I sat up, and saw Evan’s face pressed against the glass. I laughed. He looked like a little kid, grinning from ear to ear. Well, he certainly had a way of waking a girl on her birthday.
I cracked the window open just enough so we could talk. The frigid air raised goose bumps across my arms. Grabbing the throw from the end of my bed, I pulled it around me. 
“What are you doing here at this hour?” I yawned the last couple of words.
“I have to show you something.” He was annoying when he was so awake and energetic. He didn’t even seem cold. “Quick, get dressed and meet me out front.”
I looked at the clock. “Evan, it’s six am.”
“Meara, hurry up before they’re gone.”
“Before who’s gone?”
“You’ll see.” He started to turn away, and then turned back, giving me a lopsided grin. “Oh, and Meara? Happy birthday!”
I closed and locked the window. Grabbing the first sweater and pair of jeans I could find, I ran to the bathroom to get ready. I tiptoed to the front hall so I wouldn’t wake my grandparents, bundled up, and ran out to meet him. 
When I opened the car door, the warm air welcomed me. Once I was situated and buckled in, Evan handed me a Diet Coke. I smiled gratefully. 
“Okay. I’m curious,” I said. “What gives?”
He didn’t answer right away. Instead, he concentrated on backing out of the driveway. When he kicked it into drive and didn’t answer me, I persisted. “Where are we going?”
“The lighthouse.” He kept his eyes on the road.
“You know, I like the lighthouse as much as the next girl,” I said. “But, why are we going there at this hour?”
“I’d rather show you than explain.”
“Taking lessons from David now?” I teased. He just glanced at me with his eyebrow raised. I gave up and looked out the window. A dreamy orange joined the vibrant pink in the early morning sky. 
When we got within a few blocks of the lighthouse, Evan pulled over and parked.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“We’re walking the rest of the way.”
“Isn’t it a bit cold for a stroll?”
“I don’t want to scare them.”
“Scare who?” Who hangs out at the lighthouse, first thing in the morning, in the middle of February? Was there some kind of weird cult in Peggy’s Cove?
“Meara.” Evan took my gloved hand in his and pulled me along. “Come on!”
He broke into a light jog, and I struggled to keep up. What was he so eager to show me? He slowed to a creep as we neared the lighthouse—going into a crouch and placing his finger on his lips to warn me. I nodded and followed his movements. We approached a grouping of rocks, and that was when I heard it—the barks and the wails. My eyes filled; the cries were sad and beautiful all at once. 
We passed the grouping and continued to draw nearer to the sound. When we’d walked a few minutes more, Evan stopped beside another rock formation. 
“Do you see them?” He raised his arm in my line of vision and pointed toward the rocks about ten feet ahead. As I stared off the point of his finger, my jaw dropped. A group of seals crowded on the rocks, surrounding the largest, who was magnificent in size. Clearly the leader, his voice was the loudest. The others showed him deference and harmonized with his call.
“Why are they here?” I asked.
Evan shrugged, dropped to his knees, and sat back on his heels. Watching him, I realized this was not the first time he witnessed this scene.
“They appear every year on the same day.” He didn’t take his eyes off the seals. “Soon, they’ll dive in the sea.”
“How long have you been coming here?”
He shrugged and kept his eyes on the seals. “I was about fourteen when I first saw them. I was riding my bike past the lighthouse, delivering papers, when I heard their strange call. I sat and watched them until they left. I rode by here every morning, but it wasn’t until February 9th of the following year that they returned.”
“Are you sure?” My chest started to feel heavy. I wondered if Evan could sense my growing dread. Was this my family? Was David among them? Did Evan know?
Evan nodded. “I had that paper route until I graduated from high school this past June. Every year, they were here on February 9th.”
“My birthday.”
“As I got more into oceanography and began to study the habits of the local fauna, I learned how unusual this behavior is. Seals do not hold rituals on rocks for one morning, on the same day, every year.”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and looked at the seals. I noticed the largest one was staring at me. Did his expression look human?
Evan touched my arm. “Meara, are you okay?”
“Sure…why?” I couldn’t take my eyes off the seal.
“You seem quiet. Is something wrong?”
I shook my head. It couldn’t be. He couldn’t be. Was it possible? 
“Meara, talk to me,” Evan persisted.
I sighed. “You wouldn’t understand.” 
“Why don’t you try me?” Evan turned and put his arm around my shoulder. He lifted my chin and kissed me. His lips were cold, but his nose was colder.
I could tell him. I could trust him. He came out in the cold to show me this. I only hoped he wouldn’t get upset that I didn’t tell him sooner. I hung my head and whispered, so quietly he had to lean closer to hear me. “I know who I am, Evan. I know what I am.”
“And,” he said patiently, as if talking to a child. “What are you?”
I pointed at the group, singling out the leader. With an edge of desperation in my voice, I choked out. “Evan, that’s David.”
In the center of the pack, where the largest seal had been, stood my father, wearing an anxious expression. His leather jacket hung open to reveal a blue chambray shirt and blue jeans. On his feet were worn work boots. Where did he get clothes?
He nodded at Evan. Evan nodded back. I looked between Evan and David. What was going on?
“You knew?” I couldn’t disguise the surprise from my voice. Evan blushed.
“I had a hunch,” Evan admitted. “But I didn’t have proof.”
I thought back to Christmas, when I gave him the books. He’d promised to tell me what he thought when he had more information. “When were you going to tell me?”
“Today.” He looked uncomfortable. “That’s why I brought you here.”
I stared at him. I didn’t know what to say. Then again, I hadn’t been completely honest with him either. Evan cleared his throat. “Do you think David will give you answers now?”
We both looked back at the seals. They were sitting on the rock, watching us. David walked toward us. He approached with caution, as if he was afraid we might bolt. That was wise. I would flee if that were an option, if it made any difference. 
“I think,” I said to Evan, not taking my eyes off my father. “That we’re best off asking David.”
Once David reached us, he pulled me into a bear hug. His jacket was soft, and his shirt damp. His skin was sweetly scented with brine. I breathed deeply and felt the sudden urge to dive into the ocean. But that was crazy. It had to be freezing cold. I’d probably die within minutes.
David kissed my cheek. “We just got home a few hours ago.”
“Where’s Mom?”
“Asleep, I imagine.”
Were they staying at my grandparents’ house? “I thought Mom’s room was empty when I went by.”
“It is.” David paused. “Your mom’s at our apartment in Halifax.”
“Oh.” I didn’t know what to ask or say. I stared at my shoes, then glanced between Evan and David. 
David held out his hand to Evan. “Evan.”
“David.” Evan shook David’s hand firmly. 
My father turned back to me. His eyes crinkled at the corners as his words lilted. Could he control his accent? “I suppose you want some answers?” 
When I nodded, he said, “Then, you’ll get them, but first, let’s go warm up. I could use a mug of coffee.”
I looked back at the other seals. They watched us cautiously. “What about them?” 
David turned and nodded to the group. One by one, they dove into the sea. “They’ll be fine. This weather doesn’t bother us.”
“But you just said…”
“Warming up is for your sake. You’re turning blue, you know, and the coffee, well, that’s a weakness of mine.”
“Oh.”
“Evan,” David said. “Can you drop us off at the house?”
“Uh, sure.” Evan sounded disappointed. I was sure he thought that David would let him listen in too. I was relieved. I was going to learn more about who, or what, I was and, as much as I loved Evan, I wasn’t ready to share that.
Evan dropped us off in front of my grandparents’ house. David got out and went to stand on the porch. To give us privacy, I think.
“Thank you for taking me,” I said. I suddenly felt shy, like I was doing something wrong, but I wasn’t, was I? Was it wrong to want to discover what I was alone?
“Will you call me later?”
“Of course,” I said. At least he didn’t make me promise to tell him everything. Katie would have.
“I love you.” His lips lingered on mine briefly before he opened my car door, and the cold bit my skin.
“I love you, too.” I closed the door but didn’t look back at him. Running up the stairs, I let David into the house. I smelled the coffee brewing before I even saw the lights on in the kitchen.
“They’re awake,” I whispered to David. I hung my coat, and he closed the door behind us.
“It’s okay,” he said. “We can talk in your room.”
My grandmother ran into the hallway, looking worried. “Where were you, Meara? I was so worried…” She broke off as she noticed David. She took a step back. “David! Where’s Sharon? Is everything okay?”
“It’s fine, Mary. Everything is fine. When I left Sharon, she was sleeping. I thought it would be nice to surprise Meara on her birthday.” He smiled down at me. “I plan to take her back to the apartment to see her mother.”
“But where have you been?” My grandmother glanced at me. Her voice was weak, and she looked confused.
“She’s been here, of course, sleeping.” David’s voice deepened. I hadn’t noticed its musical quality before. I blinked and shook my head.
“Oh…of course.” Grandma’s brow smoothed, and her eyes lit up. “What a lovely idea to surprise Sharon! And this will be the first birthday Meara spends with both parents. How wonderful!”
She clapped her hands together and ushered us into the kitchen. “Come have some hot chocolate and coffee before you head out.”
I followed my grandmother into the kitchen, but the last thing I wanted was to sit and visit. I wanted answers, and I wanted them before David changed his mind.
I looked back at David. “We won’t stay long,” he mouthed. “Don’t worry.”
I was surprised that the table was empty. “Where’s Grandpa?”
Grandma made a noise. “Oh, he’s not feeling well this morning. Poor dear. I think he’s got a touch of the flu.”
“I hope he feels better,” I said lamely, not knowing what else to say.
My grandmother patted my hand as she set my hot chocolate in front of me. “That’s sweet of you to say. I’m sure rest is all he needs.”
The chocolate burned my tongue, but I drank it fast anyway. David smirked over his coffee mug. 
Grandma Mary brought her own mug over and sat down. “How was your trip?”
“Lovely.” David smiled at her. “But we’re happy to be home.”
“How’s Sharon feeling?”
David reached across and squeezed my grandmother’s hand. “Good. I think her doctors will be pleased.”
“Should I grab my things then?” I didn’t want to interrupt the moment they were having, but then again, I was ready to leave. Speaking of leaving, how were we going to get to Halifax? Where was David’s car?
“Just a few things, Meara.” David didn’t take his eyes off Grandma. “We’ll come back to get the rest later.”
In my room, I pulled my suitcase out from under my bed. I packed about a week’s worth of clothes, my makeup, and a hairbrush. On impulse, I added a few books and the picture of Mom.
“I’m ready.” I crossed to the table and hugged my grandmother. “Bye Grandma.”
“See you soon, dear.” She smiled at me. “Happy Birthday, too.”
David hugged my grandmother as well. “Give our best to Jamie, Mary.”
David took my suitcase from me. “Ready, Meara?”
“As I’ll ever be.” I heard him chuckle as he walked toward the front door. I bundled up, while he waited. He hadn’t taken his coat off. “How are we getting there?”
“My car, of course.”
“But, where is it?”
He opened the front door. His car was idling in front of the house.
“How did it get here?” I asked, once we were outside. The door closed behind us.
“Your aunt dropped it off.”
I squinted at the car as we approached it. “There’s no one in there.”
“I imagine not. Brigid is not one for socializing.”
“Where’d she go?”
He set the suitcase down and opened my door for me. “Don’t worry about Brigid. She takes care of herself.”
I heard him open the trunk and put my suitcase in before going around to his side. He adjusted the mirrors, and then looked at me.
“Are you ready?”
My eyes widened. “For what?”
He laughed. “To go to your new home, of course.”
“I thought we were going to talk,” I mumbled, sliding down in my seat.
“We can talk as we drive,” he said. He backed down the driveway and out onto the road. Then, he spoke again. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“You’re a Selkie.” 
“Yes.”
“What does that make me?” I asked.
“Half-Selkie?” His lips twitched, but he didn’t take his eyes off the road.
“This isn’t funny, David.” Could he ever give me a straight answer? “I’m serious. What does this all mean?”
He sighed. “To be honest, I’m not exactly sure what it will mean to you. I can tell you what it’s like to be a Selkie, but Halflings, such as yourself, well, you each experience things a bit differently.”
“There are more like me?” 
“Yes, although it’s not as common as it used to be.” He looked at me briefly before turning back to the road. “There are less of us who are pure of blood. As time goes on, many have turned against mingling with humans, attempting to preserve the purity of our species.” 
“What about your family?” I asked.
He looked at me pointedly. “Obviously, I am of a different opinion.”
I felt my cheeks burn. “Oh, yeah.”
“When I met your mother, it didn’t matter to me that she wasn’t Selkie. I only knew that I loved her. That was all that mattered then, and it’s all that matters now.”
I knew how much David loved my mom. I didn’t doubt his sincerity at all. I thought about the seals that surrounded him this morning. “Who were the other seals? Were my aunts there?”
“Your aunts were there, and some others from our clan.”
“Clan?” Like a tribe? Was that how Selkies lived? 
“Yes. Our family.”
It was like pulling teeth to get him to talk, even when he was willing to give me answers. “Why’d you come here?”
“For you and your mom, of course.”
“So, I’m a Selkie?” I just wanted to hear him say it.
“You’re not a Selkie yet,” David said. “You haven’t Changed.”
There it was again. The big C word. 
“How does that happen?” I asked.
He answered my question with one of his own. “Have you felt the pull of the sea?”
I thought about the voices calling to me, the swell of the waves, and the salty deliciousness. Just this morning, I wanted to jump in after smelling him. “Y-yes.” 
“If you follow it, if you jump in,” he said gravely, “you will Change. You will become Selkie.”
“B-but, I’ve been in lakes before, and nothing has ever happened.”
“A lake is not the sea, Meara. Freshwater does not affect us.”
“If I change, will I be able to be human again?” I thought of all the times that I almost gave into the temptation to jump in.
“You may take human form,” David said, and I felt myself relax before he added, “But you’ll never be human again, unless you destroy your seal skin.”
“What?” 
“If you’re Selkie, Meara, the rules apply to you. If Selkies live amongst humans for more than one year, we lose our ways, our power.”
“So I can live with humans for a few months at a time?” I knew my voice sounded whiny, but I didn’t care.
“Of course,” he conceded. “For short periods of time.”
“You mentioned there was good news?” I crossed my arms and slumped against the seat again. 
David laughed. He seemed relieved to get the worst of it out in the open. “I did, indeed.” He looked at me speculatively. “Although this is the part where I can’t say how you will be affected.”
“So the bad definitely applies to me, but the good you’re not sure,” I muttered. “Figures.”
“Oh, plenty of the good applies to you. You’ll be able to swim fast. You’ll never worry about drowning or freezing in the ocean.”
“So, you’re telling me I can compete in the Olympics?” I tried to make a joke of it, but David just frowned at me. “I’m kidding, of course.”
He didn’t say anything. I thought that maybe I confused him. When I realized he wasn’t going to say anything until I did, I asked, “Is that it? Super-swimming power?”
“Of course not.” Now he sounded impatient. “Selkies are known for the power of seduction. Almost all of us can influence human emotion. Some can control the weather, others can heal the sick or wounded…”
“Is that what you’re doing?” I interrupted. I thought of Mom and how much better she seemed lately. Was David healing her?
“No, Meara,” David said, his voice soft. “I know what you’re thinking. I can heal a wound, not a plague like cancer.”
“Oh,” I said. We lapsed into silence. David’s eyes remained on the road. I thought about how Mom acted when David was around. She had more energy, her movements fluid and not stiff. “You’re taking away her pain.”
“Some of it,” David admitted. “I can’t erase it, but I can transfer it. Take it on as my own. If I could cure her, I would. Since I can’t…well, I can at least make her comfortable.”
“Thank you.” I reached across and covered his hand with my own. For the first time, I was grateful that David was in our lives.



"David, is that you?” Mom came from the back of the house, a slight frown on her face. “Where were you? You know we’re having everyone over tonight for…” She broke off, and her eyes widened in surprise. “Meara! You’re here.”
“David came and got me.” My mom exchanged a look with my father. Did she know already? Did she know what David was? What I was? Before I could read her expression, she pulled me into her arms. 
“Happy Birthday, honey.” She kissed my cheek. She smelled like garlic and onions. 
Wrinkling my nose, I waved my hand in front of my face. “Mom, what did you eat for breakfast?”
“Breakfast? I…” She looked confused for a moment, and then she laughed. “I’m making your birthday dinner. You okay with lasagna?”
“One of my favorites.” My mom made the best pasta sauce. Kim always tried to swindle an invitation for dinner on Italian night. Thinking of her brought a slight pain to my chest. I missed her. I wanted to call and tell her everything, but I couldn’t. This kind of news had to be shared in person. When she texted to wish me happy birthday, I just thanked her in reply. 
“I’ve invited your grandparents and the Mitchells over for dinner.” Mom smiled at me. Was I imagining things, or did it look fake? “Do you want to help me get things ready?”
I didn’t. If I helped her, I’d have no choice but to confront her. How much did she know? I wasn’t sure I wanted to find out.
“I’ll go pick up the cake.” David gave my mom a kiss on the cheek and whispered something in her ear. He kissed my forehead on his way out.
“Be kind,” he whispered, so only I could hear him. I raised my eyebrow in reply. What did that even mean? When he realized I wasn’t going to say anything, he patted my shoulder and stepped past me, calling back to both of us, “I’ll be back in about an hour.”
Mom wiped her hands on the towel, which was tucked into the waistband of her jeans. “Are you hungry?”
“Not really,” I said.
“Okay.” She stepped back and turned toward the kitchen. “Well, let’s go grab a drink in the kitchen, and we’ll talk.”
I barely noticed my surroundings as I followed my mom. While she poured herself some coffee, I pulled out the chair closest to me and sat down. She set her mug on the table across from me, then turned back to the fridge and pulled out a Diet Coke. She slid the can across the table and then sat down.
“David told you?” Her voice was so quiet that I barely heard what she said. So there would be no pretenses here.
“You knew?” I blinked several times. Then, the dam broke, and I was bawling. Mom pushed the napkin holder closer, and I took a handful. “Why, Mom? Why?” My voice broke on a sob. I stared at the table, not trusting myself to look at her. The hurt was too great.
“I was young, Meara, and I was scared,” she said. “I know that sounds like a pretty lame excuse, but it’s true.”
She stood and walked across the kitchen. Like our house in Wisconsin, this one had a window over the sink. She placed her hands on the edge of the basin and stared out, her back to me. She often took the same pose at our old house when she was thinking. 
“I didn’t know what David was when I fell in love with him. He told me he was in town dealing antiques. He said he wouldn’t stay, but I assumed for normal reasons. He lived in another country or he was just here on business…I didn’t know that he literally, physically, could not stay with me because of what he was.”
A pain stabbed my chest. “What do you know about Selkies?”
She flinched when I said the word. “I know some.” I stared at her back, willing her to look at me so I could see what she was feeling. “I know about the ‘living as human’ limitations. David told you this morning, right?”
Ignoring her question, I asked, “When did he tell you what he was?” 
She turned then, her face wet with tears. “When I told him I was pregnant with you. He told me he couldn’t stay, wouldn’t stay, because he was Selkie. We fought for weeks. I was scared, carrying a baby that was only half human. I had no one to talk to.”
“What about Lydia? Or Grandma?”
She laughed, but the sound was bitter. “Do you think they would have believed me? That anyone would have believed me? Selkies were myths concocted by sailors and their wives, an excuse for a liaison. They weren’t real.”
“But obviously they are,” I insisted. “If you told someone, would David have supported you? Shown them who he was?”
She looked at me thoughtfully, a small frown on her face. “No, I don’t think so. Not out of cruelness, but his first instinct would be to protect his kind. Imagine what would happen to Selkies if the world learned they were real. They would be hunted, gathered, and studied. Their lives would be ruined.”
“There are Selkies everywhere?”
“I don’t know, Meara.” She sounded tired. “But I would guess wherever you find seals, you’ll find Selkies.”
“Why did you leave with me? Why didn’t you stay with your parents?” I wasn’t sure what hurt more, that Mom knew what I was, had known what I was my whole life, or that she purposely took me away from the only other family that we had.
She came back to the table and sat, taking my hands between hers and pleading with her eyes. “When David left, I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know if he’d come back for you. Would he steal you in the night and take you away? The only thing I could think to do was move inland, somewhere that Selkies could not find you. I was so lonely, Meara, and confused. I had no money, no one to confide in. Nothing.”
“Then how did you get the money to move?” As I asked the question, I realized I knew the answer—Phil Dunlop, my mom’s first husband.
“Phil came along when you were a few months old. He was overseeing the restoration of the lighthouse. He asked me out, and I accepted. Before the project was done, we were engaged. And when he left, we went with him.”
“Did you marry Phil to get away from David?” I wiped away the last of my tears. My eyes felt puffy and dry. Who was this stranger sitting in front of me?
Mom cringed. “It sounds cold and calculating when you say it.”
“Mom!” I said, exasperated. “It was. It was cold and calculating. You didn’t love him. He was your ticket out of here.”
“I did it for you.”
“Whatever you need to think to feel better about it,” I mumbled under my breath. If she heard me, she chose to ignore it. “Why didn’t you tell me about David? I asked you about him so many times when I was little.” 
She sighed. “I didn’t know what to tell you, so I didn’t say anything. I didn’t think it would be an issue. I didn’t think we’d ever come back here.”
“You didn’t think…” I repeated her phrase. “And what, you didn’t think I’d ever want to take a trip to the ocean? Ever hear of Spring Break, Mom? What did you think would happen when I dived in?”
“I…” Her voice trailed off. She watched me warily.
How could a mother keep so much from her child?
“When you decided we were coming back, why didn’t you tell me then?” I thought about our first few months here and added, “Or, when I told you that I dreamed of David?”
“I don’t know, Meara! I don’t know!” Mom raked her fingers through her hair. Her arm trembled. “I screwed up. I was trying to protect you, and instead I hurt you. I’m so sorry, baby, so sorry.”
“I need to get some air.” I stood. “I’m going for a walk.”
Mom’s eyes pleaded with me, but all she said was, “Be careful.”
“I always am.”
***
David didn’t live far from the clinic, and without thinking, I found myself standing on the cliff that Ula first showed me. Was there anyone that hadn’t deceived me? Lied to me?
The cold bit my nose and made my eyes water. The sun, high in the sky, did little to warm the brittle February air. 
“So you know.” A cold voice came from behind. I turned to face my aunt, Brigid. She studied me with sharp, clear eyes. “Humans are spiteful creatures. They destroy more than they create. That is why I do not associate with them.”
She didn’t move closer, but continued to assess me. I felt like a bug under a microscope.
“I’m human,” I said, when it was clear she was waiting for me to say something.
“You are not.” Her voice was clipped. “You are…more.”
“Why were you and David fighting this morning?” 
She raised her eyebrow, a look of surprise on her face. “He told you?” 
“No.” 
“Then how did you know?”
“I saw it in my dreams,” I said. “And you didn’t answer my question.”
She cocked her head to the side and stared at me. I felt exposed, as if she was peering into my soul.
“You are stronger than I thought.” She ignored my question again. She looked like she was about to walk toward me, but her eyes flicked to something over my right shoulder.
“I must go,” she muttered before her strange, violet eyes locked on mine. “I will see you again, niece.” Her image wavered and, seconds later, a seal sat before me. It turned and dived into the sea.
“Are you okay?” It was David. How did he find me? I turned to look at him, but he was glaring at the point where my aunt disappeared. “Brigid was not supposed to be here.”
“Why not?” 
“Do not trust your aunt,” David said. 
“What do you mean?” She wasn’t friendly like Ula, but she didn’t scare me either.
David pulled me into his arms, resting his chin on my head. My arms hung at my side. I didn’t move from his embrace, but I didn’t hug him either. 
“I fear she does not currently have your best interests at heart,” he said after a moment.
Who does? I thought. 



"Is it weird?” Katie asked.
“What?” We were on our way to study hall, weaving through the students around us. Besides lunch, it was the only time we saw each other this semester.
“Living with your parents?”
“It’s okay.” I shrugged. “I mean, David was practically at my grandparents’ house all the time anyway before they got married.”
“And your mom’s okay?”
“She seems better,” I said. “She’ll find out more next week.”
I was glad that I didn’t tell Katie what I was. I hadn’t even told Evan much more, but he wasn’t pressuring me. After my birthday dinner, once my grandparents left, I asked my mom if they knew. Mom assured me they didn’t. 
“Do you want to go out Friday night?” Katie asked. “I know you usually hang out with Evan, but I’m planning a girls’ night. There’s a new dance club in Halifax, and I’ve been dying to check it out.”
“What club?” I didn’t know any of the dance clubs, but it felt like an acceptable question to ask.
“Mirage,” she said. “Heard of it?”
“Yeah.” I actually had overheard a couple of classmates talking about it in English last week. It opened about a month ago and was supposed to be the place to go. They played the latest music, and teens from all over Nova Scotia went there to hang out.
“I’m in.” I grinned. A night out with the girls sounded exactly like what I needed.
Katie smiled back. “It’s gonna be epic!”
***
Mom dropped me off at Katie’s house. After I said goodbye to her, I swallowed the lump in my throat. There was a distance between us now, and I wasn’t sure what to do about it. I hurt too much, so the best I could manage was polite indifference. She was trying, but it was going to take more than a few kind words to heal my pain.
I hitched the duffle bag strap higher on my shoulder and started up the steps. I was spending the night, and so were Jen and Valerie, or Val as she kept insisting I call her. We were meeting here, and Katie was going to drive to the club. 
The last time I had a sleepover was when Kim visited. I missed her, but I also realized, sadly, that we were growing apart. I hadn’t talked to her in weeks, just exchanged a few brief texts. I knew she had a new boyfriend now, but that was about it.
When I knocked, Evan answered the door. He smiled uncertainly at me. We hadn’t spoken much this week. It was hard keeping so much from him, but I wasn’t ready to share. It made me feel uncomfortable. I was sure he felt it, too.
“You look great,” he said.
I looked down at my puffy coat, the same one I’d worn all winter. “You can tell how I look through my coat?” 
“You always look great.”
I laughed. “And, you’re trying to butter me up.”
“Is it working?” He leaned in and wiggled his eyebrows suggestively.
“No.” I tried unsuccessfully to keep a straight face.
He stepped back to let me in. “They’re all upstairs in Katie’s room.”
When I set down my bag to take off my coat, Evan eyed it with interest. “You’re staying over, too?” 
“Katie asked me, so yes.” I frowned at him, catching the wicked gleam in his eyes. “Don’t get any ideas. This is a girls’ night, remember?”
He held up his hands and gave me an innocent look. “Who me? Never. I’ll just be in my room all night, studying and watching reruns with my friends.”
“Friends?” Who was he having over?
“Yes.” He paused. “Ebb and Flow.”
Hearing their names, the two dogs ran over, bodies wiggling with excitement. I crouched and scratched them each behind an ear. 
“How could I forget?” Straightening, I grabbed my bag.
Evan crouched and took over petting the dogs. “Have fun!” 
When I reached Katie’s room, I stopped in the doorway. Jen sat at Katie’s desk, painting her nails. Katie was on the bed, and Val was on the floor in front of her, wincing as Katie tugged on her hair.
“Katie!” she cried. “That hurts!”
“Sorry,” Katie said. “But it hurts to be beautiful.” She bit her cheek to keep from laughing.
Val sulked. “I think my hair looked fine before.”
“Well, it will look better now,” Katie replied.
“Hi girls,” I said, entering the room and setting my bag next to the bed. I sat on the floor in front of Val. “What’s the plan?”
Katie glanced at the clock. “We’ll leave in about an hour. We don’t want to get there too early. I heard the place doesn’t get going until about ten.”
“Okay,” I said. “So what will we do for the next hour?”
“Hang out?” Katie suggested. She twisted the last few strands of Val’s hair and pinned them. The finished style was sophisticated and sexy. Val, free of Katie’s hands, rummaged in her duffle and pulled out a bottle of red liquid.
“Drink?” she asked. She opened the bottle, took a long swig, and handed it to me, smacking her lips. “Yum.”
I took the bottle and sniffed at the opening. It smelled like a cherry Jolly Rancher. I wasn’t big on community drinking, but we were all friends here. I took a sip, then a longer drink. “This is good,” I said. 
Val laughed. “Right? Like liquid candy.”
“Let me try!” Jen reached for the bottle. I handed it to her and she took it awkwardly to avoid smudging her nails. Taking a small sip, she shook her head and puckered her mouth. “Ewww. I don’t like that.” She set the bottle on the desk and pointed to her bag across the room. “Val, be a doll and get the bottle out of my bag?”
Valerie rummaged around and pulled out a small bottle with an old-fashioned picture on the front. Jen smiled at me. “I prefer mint.”
Val took her bottle back and offered it to Katie. Katie shook her head. “I’m driving,” she said.
“Not even a sip?” Val asked.
“I don’t want to risk it,” Katie said. “I’m good. You go ahead.”
Val gave me a wicked grin. “More for you and me then, Meara.” 
Katie stood up and closed her door. “My parents aren’t home right now, but you never know,” she said. “And, Evan is here.”
“Would he bust you?” I asked, surprised.
“Nah,” she said. She looked at me pointedly as I took another drink from the bottle. “But he wouldn’t like to see his girlfriend drinking and going out without him.”
“True enough,” I said.
She crossed behind me to her dresser and turned on some music. The heady beat made me want to dance. “This is what they play at the club,” Katie said. She started to move, and we joined her, dancing around her room. Valerie and I continued to pass the bottle between us. Jen carried her own, singing into it like a microphone between sips.
I giggled. For the first time in weeks, I felt good. I threw one arm around Katie and the other around Val. “I love you guys.”
They both hugged me back, and Jen came over and wrapped her arms around all of us. “Group hug!” she cried.
Katie disentangled herself first. “Easy on the refreshments, ladies. We have a long night ahead of us.”
Val waved her arm in reply, and I said, “We’ll sober up on the drive over.”
Only we didn’t sober up on the drive over. I tripped a bit as I got out of the car, and Val banged her head. “Ow!” Rubbing her head, she frowned. I wrapped my arm around her waist, and she put hers around mine. We supported each other to the club entrance. I looked back at Katie. Her arm was around Jen’s shoulders. Jen swayed and hiccupped.
“Sober my ass,” Katie murmured. I didn’t think she meant for any of us to hear, but I heard anyway. I didn’t care. I was having fun.
Once inside, it was impossible to hear anyone without shouting. The club was dark, pulsing with colored lights and a deep bass rhythm. Heady perfume and sweat mingled in the thick, warm air. Bodies packed the dance floor, hands up and heads bobbing to the music. Katie grabbed my arm and shouted in my ear, “Let’s see if we can find a table.”
We found one in the corner and threw our jackets over the chair backs, eager to dance. I bounced to the music, not caring how I looked. Val pulled my hand, and I struggled to balance.
“Let’s dance!” she shouted. The three of us followed her. We broke through the crowd only to be swallowed by it. It felt as though we moved as one. I let the music take me, losing myself in the beat.
It wasn’t long before a group of guys discovered us. I looked up and saw one behind each of my friends. They looked like models—perfect hair, chiseled features, and thick, dark lashes. My friends’ eyes widened in awareness as they realized someone was behind them. At the same time, I felt hands light on my hips and warm breath on my neck. A deep voice rumbled near my ear, “I haven’t seen you before. Do you come here often?”
Do you come here often? Wasn’t that, like, the oldest pick-up line in the book? I covered my mouth with my hand to hide the giggle that I couldn’t hold back. I shook my head, but didn’t turn around.
“What’s your name?” he persisted. His hands touched me, my skin tingling where his fingers brushed. Did I tell him the truth? 
“It’s Meara!” Val shouted, winking at me. 
Great, thanks for the help, I thought sarcastically.
“Meara.” His pronunciation of my name sounded exotic, a roll to the r. “I like that.” 
The voice, the touch…I shouldn’t be attracted, but my body told me differently. Guilt, hot and heavy, coursed through my veins. I should have walked away, but I couldn’t help myself. I turned to look at him. I was eye level with his chest, showcased in a tight, black t-shirt. It was made of a shiny, slinky material that might look feminine on some men, but not him. It clung to his muscles and his flat abs. I swallowed and looked up, up, up, into dark, slightly upturned eyes. My breath caught. He didn’t look like he was from here. He didn’t look like he was from anywhere I’d ever been. His spiky, blond hair bordered on white, and his skin was buttery toffee. He smiled down at me, straight teeth gleaming in the club lights. 
“I’m Kieran.” His voice was melodic.
“Do I know you?” I frowned. Even with his unusual looks, I swore I’d seen him before. I tried to remember, but my foggy brain refused to help. 
“We haven’t met.” He winked. “You would have remembered.”
All that and arrogance, too, I thought as Kieran’s hands gripped my hips tighter. He moved with me. “You’re not from here, are you, Meara?” 
I shook my head, and he nodded. “I didn’t think so.”
“What about you?” 
“No, I’m not from here.” He didn’t elaborate. His hands felt good on my waist. I fought the urge to run my hand down his arm, to feel the strength. He must live at the gym to have muscles like that, I thought. My cheeks burned. I shouldn’t be doing this. I shouldn’t be having these thoughts. Evan was my boyfriend. I loved him. Yet, even as I chanted this mantra, my eyes were glued to the man in front of me. Unlike Evan, Kieran had moves.
The song ended and another began. He dropped his hands from my side and took my hand in his. “Can I get you a drink?” 
“I think I’ve had enough.” I wasn’t trying to be funny, but he laughed. He had a beautiful laugh. It fluttered inside me and shivered down my spine.
“I meant a Coke or water or…” His dark eyes held mine.
“Diet Coke is great.” I turned to see if my friends wanted anything, but they were gone. I quickly glanced around the area, but I didn’t see them in the crowd. “Where is everyone?”
Kieran nodded toward the back of the dance floor, and I followed his gaze. Katie, Val, and Jen were all dancing close with the other guys. They were just as built and beautiful as Kieran. I looked at him and raised my eyebrow. “Friends of yours?”
“Friends.” He seemed to mull it over. “Yes, I suppose you could say that.”
I tilted my head and studied him. He was so different from other guys. Was he older? He seemed like it. Maybe early twenties. Mom would be furious. Before I could think about it more, he pulled me with him to the bar. He paid for the drinks and handed one to me, tilting his glass toward mine as if to toast. With a half-smile, he put it to his lips. 
I drank greedily. I hadn’t realized how thirsty I was. When the glass was empty, he took it from me and placed it on the bar. He ran his finger down my forearm. I shivered, but didn’t pull away. Even as my body responded to his touch, I felt another burst of guilt. 
“I have a boyfriend,” I blurted.
Kieran laughed his delicious laugh again. “Oh, I know.”
I stepped back, an alarm sounding in my head. “What do you mean, ‘you know’?” 
He gestured to me. “A beautiful girl like you is never free.”
I felt my face grow hot when he called me beautiful. Stay focused. I closed my eyes to clear my head. “If you know I’m not free, why are you here?”
He grinned, and his teeth gleamed in the dark. He looked dangerous. “I could ask you the same thing.” 
My pulse quickened. He had a point. I knew it was wrong. I knew Evan would be hurt, but I felt flushed and reckless. I needed to go before I did something I’d regret. “I need to get back to my friends.”
“They are fine.” Kieran’s expression softened, which made him look younger. Almost boyish. He took my hand in his again. “Please, stay.” 
Sadness filled my heart. I tried to shake it off. I wasn’t sad, was I? The music slowed, and bodies coupled together on the dance floor. Kieran lifted my hand in his. “Will you dance?” 
I considered him. A dance was not cheating, right? I placed my hand in his, and he led me to the floor. He pulled me close against him. He was so tall that my head rested on his chest, just below his heart. Its steady beat matched our steps. Why did he seem so familiar? I couldn’t clear my head. It was like trying to wake from a dream. I took a deep breath and sighed. He smelled like spring rain.
Kieran didn’t speak. He held me tight, his arms strong and comforting. When the song ended, he stepped back and looked down at me. He frowned. 
“I must go,” he said. “Can I see you again?”
I shook my head. “I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
He looked resigned. “I thought you’d say that.” 
He bent his head and I watched him, transfixed. When his lips touched mine, they were warm and inviting. I didn’t mean to kiss him back, but my eyes fluttered closed and I did. He tasted like spring rain, too. 
When he broke the kiss and I opened my eyes, I realized that I gripped the front of his shirt in my fists. I let go and jumped back, my hand flying to my lips. What had I done?
“It was a pleasure to meet you, Meara Quinn.” He backed away slowly, his eyes never leaving mine.
It took a moment for his words to sink through the layers of guilt. “How do you know my last name?” I called, but he was already swallowed up by the crowd.
“Who was that?” 
I turned to see Jen staring at the spot where Kieran last stood. “He said his name was Kieran.” I touched my lips again. They tingled from his kiss. 
“Oh my God, Meara!” Katie shoved my shoulder. “You kissed him.”
“He kissed me,” I corrected, although my cheeks burned. My friends saw us? I thought they were too busy dancing with their own hotties.
“Whatever.” Katie frowned at me. “You shared a kiss.”
I didn’t say anything. All three of them stared at me, envy and disbelief clearly written on their faces. “What?” I crossed my arms and a looked behind them. “Where are the guys you were dancing with?”
“What guys?” Val asked. Her lower lip pouted in confusion.
“Are you serious?” I asked. What kind of joke were they playing? “I saw you dancing with them. They looked like models. I asked Kieran, and he said that they were his friends.” I looked from one to the other. No one seemed to know what I was talking about. 
Frustrated, I pointed at Jen. “You laughed at something he said to you. He was tall, blond, and tan. How can you not remember?”
Jen shook her head and looked at me sympathetically. “How much did you have to drink, Meara? Seriously, we all went on to the dance floor, and then you were gone. We’ve spent the entire time looking for you.”
“Is this a joke?” I looked at Katie. She pursed her lips and drew her eyebrows together. I tried again. “I’ve been here the whole time.”
“With Kieran,” Katie stated, a cold edge to her voice.
“Y…yes,” I stammered. Why were they acting like this? I knew what I saw. Katie, Jen, and Val, surrounded by guys, dancing with them. I thought they even kissed them, which made me all the more irritated by Katie’s response. I mean, she was with Brian. It wasn’t not like she didn’t just cheat, too.
Katie shook her head at me. Jen and Val looked worried. Why didn’t they remember anything? Unless…damn it! Unless Kieran and his friends were Selkies. His exotic looks, those dark, hypnotizing eyes—it was the only explanation that made sense. Had he used his powers on me? I remembered him perfectly; I wouldn’t have trouble describing him. But did he influence me? Was that why I kissed him?
“You have to tell Evan,” Katie said. She sounded angry, bordering on furious. “If you don’t, I will.”
“I was planning to.” As guilty as I felt, I wouldn’t be able to keep it a secret anyway.
“Tonight,” she insisted.
“Back off, Katie,” I snapped. “It’s not your concern.”
“He’s my brother, Meara,” she snapped back. “So I would argue that it is.”
“Girls, let’s not fight.” Jen couldn’t stand fighting. She was always trying to calm Katie down. It was a thankless job. At any rate, it was too late. I glared at Katie, frustrated that my friends couldn’t remember, and bewildered by what happened. Katie scowled at me, her arms crossed in front of her.
“Let’s get out of here,” she said finally, spinning on her heel and stalking to the exit. She shouted above the music. “Going out tonight was a horrible idea.” 
I sighed and hurried to follow them, my mind elsewhere. How I was going to explain what happened to Evan? No matter what angle I took, I kissed another guy. The worst part, and the part I wouldn’t tell him, was that I liked it. Even now, I felt a thrill as I thought about being in Kieran’s arms.
Katie threw open the club door, and cold air blasted me in the face. My head cleared, and I remembered. I remembered Ula fighting with Kieran at the hockey game. I remembered Kieran standing on campus when I went to visit Evan. I didn’t know it then, but in my memory, I saw his white hair, his unusual coloring. He was Selkie. I felt certain, and Ula knew him. I wished I could go home instead of Katie’s house. I wanted to contact Ula. I wanted answers.
I couldn’t believe that I didn’t see it. I didn’t even consider it. I knew other Selkies existed. Ula and David told me as much. I could blame my slowness on the alcohol, but by the time we left the club, I was sober. I didn’t recognize what he was, and I couldn’t think of anything that would have made me aware that he was Selkie. That, more than anything, worried me. 
How many more Selkies would I meet? How could I better prepare myself for the next one?



The car ride back to Katie’s was icy torture. I felt like I already paid for my sins by the time we arrived at her house. She ignored me, the whole time, and she wouldn’t let anyone else talk to me either. She pulled into the garage and shut off the engine.
“Jen, Val, let’s go upstairs.” She gave me a pointed look that clearly said, “You’re not welcome.” Jen and Val both glanced at me, but followed Katie into the house without a word. I sat alone in the back of the car. My stomach clenched as I thought about telling Evan, seeing the hurt expression on his face. Much as I’d like to, I couldn’t sit in the car all night. The garage was bound to get cold. 
With a sigh, I got out and trudged into the house and up the stairs. I glanced down the hall to Katie’s room. My bag was lying on its side against the wall. I rolled my eyes. No one went to major B-mode quicker than Katie did. Kim would never react like this.
I knocked on Evan’s door as quietly as possible in case he was asleep. When he opened it, my heart thumped painfully in my chest. He looked so cute in his faded Save the Whales t-shirt and black track pants, a dimple showing when he grinned at me.
“Change your mind about a sleepover?” He leaned against the doorframe.
I didn’t return his smile. “I need to talk to you.”
He frowned a bit, but he stepped back and gestured into his room. “Okay,” he said. “Come in.”
Ebb and Flow were on the bed, happy smiles on their faces, stubby tails wagging like mad. I gave them each a quick ear scratch before I crossed the room to sit on the desk chair.
Evan sat on the edge of the bed closest to me and rested his hands on his knees. He waited, but I couldn’t loosen my tongue to say anything. As the silence grew, he looked concerned. “Meara, what is it?”
“I…” I started to tell him, but I choked on tears. I focused the shelf above his desk. The one that held his hockey trophies. I blinked to clear my vision. I was not going to cry. I tried again. “I…met someone tonight. We danced and then…”
“Meara, don’t…” Evan looked alarmed, but I couldn’t stop and the words poured out.
“He kissed me,” I finished, my eyes leaving the trophies to study the pattern in the throw rug by the bed. Evan was silent. I counted to pass the time. One, two, three, four…
“Someone kissed you?” I could almost taste the hurt in his words. I didn’t trust myself to speak, so I nodded. More time ticked by. “How could you let that happen?”
I looked at him. His hair stood up where he raked his fingers through it. A vein pulsed in his neck. I wanted to hug him, to kiss the pain away. But how could I kiss away the pain when I was the one who put it there?
“I…I don’t know,” I said. “We were dancing, casually talking, and then he kissed me.”
Evan ran his fingers through his hair again. “Did you kiss him back?” I winced. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
We warily studied each other. I wanted to sink into the floor and disappear. This was one moment when Selkie powers would be useful.
“You like him?”
“I barely know him,” I said. 
“You didn’t say no.” Evan’s voice filled with accusation. I wasn’t sure if he was referring to the kiss or to the question he just asked me. In either case, the same answer would apply. I didn’t say no. I didn’t want to. When it came to Kieran, I didn’t know what was real.
“Can I tell you about it?” I asked tentatively, and he blanched. 
“You want to rub it in? Isn’t this enough?” 
“Please, Evan,” I said. “I think it would help if I explain.”
“Then explain.” 
It was as though he slapped me. His voice was so cold. He’d never used that tone with me before. He slid back on the bed until he reached the headboard. I didn’t know if he wanted to get more comfortable or if he was putting distance between us. Ebb and Flow moved close to him, and Evan rubbed their ears. When I didn’t say anything, he gestured for me to begin. I cleared my throat and told him everything that happened. I ended with Katie, Val, and Jen and their strange reactions.
“They didn’t remember any of it?” he asked.
“Only seeing Kieran kiss me.” He flinched when I said kiss.
“And you’re sure of what you saw?” 
“Positive.” 
He shook his head. “You know how strange that sounds, Meara.”
“I know,” I said. “But no stranger than a human turning into a seal.”
Evan’s brows shot up. “You think he’s Selkie, don’t you?”
“It’s the only thing that makes sense,” I said. “If it weren’t for Katie, Jen, and Val not remembering anything, I would have chalked it up to being drunk, but it’s just too weird that they don’t remember the guys they were…uh, dancing with.” I paused and took a breath. “I know what I saw, Evan.”
“Well, they were buzzed too, right?”
“Jen and Val, yes, but not Katie. She had a Coke. That’s it.”
Evan continued to stroke the dogs’ heads. He didn’t seem angry anymore, more contemplative. Finally, he looked at me. “Do you think he, this Kieran, cast some kind of spell on you?” His voice lost its edge; he sounded genuinely curious.
I moved off the chair and sat on the edge of the bed, near his feet. “I don’t know, Evan, but I can’t pass all the blame. Regardless of what he did or did not do, I kissed him back.”
Betrayal flashed across Evan’s face, but I had to be honest with him and myself. I loved Evan, but I couldn’t deny that I felt something with Kieran.
“Did you give him your number?” 
“Of course not.” When he didn’t say anything, I added, “I told him I couldn’t see him again.”
He nodded and looked down at Ebb, who now had his head in Evan’s lap. “I think you better go now, Meara.” His voice was so quiet I barely heard him, and he wouldn’t look at me.
A sharp pain pierced my chest. “Are you breaking up with me?”
His head whipped up, alarm clear in his eyes. “What? No!”
“Oh.” I didn’t know what else to say.
“I just need some time…” His voice trailed off.
I stood and moved to sit next to Flow, running my hand down the length of his coat. He gave me a goofy doggy grin. If only all love was this unconditional. “Are we going to be okay?”
“I don’t know,” he said. He swallowed hard and looked away.
“Do you still love me?” My heart broke to ask it.
He reached across and took my hand. Raising it to his lips, he kissed my palm. “I don’t think I could stop loving you if I tried.”
His words undid the careful net I had on my emotions. My eyes welled and tears overflowed. “I’m so sorry, Evan.”
He squeezed my hand before he released it. “I know.”



I didn’t want to stay at the Mitchells’, but I had nowhere else to go. It was almost two in the morning. If I called my parents, I’d have to give them an explanation, and I couldn’t.
Evan suggested that I use the room at the bottom of the stairs. “It’s Dad’s office,” he said. “There’s a couch in there.” He made me take the blanket lying at the end of his bed and his extra pillow. It was torture. The spicy scent of his cologne enveloped me. I wanted nothing more than to crawl back and beg for his forgiveness, but he asked for space and I would give it to him.
The leather couch was surprisingly comfortable, but I couldn’t fall asleep. My mind kept playing through the night’s events. I had to know more. 
“Ula,” I hissed in the moonlit room. “If you can hear me, I need to talk to you.”
She appeared in the desk chair, wearing bell-bottom jammies. Her curly hair was tied back in a scarf. “At this hour?” she asked through a yawn.
“Oh thank God!” I let out a breath I didn’t realize I was holding. “Who is Kieran?”
She guarded her expression and sat upright in the chair. “Why do you ask?”
“I met him tonight at a club. His friends seduced my friends, and…and…he kissed me.” I blurted it out in a rush.
“What?” Her green eyes widened in disbelief. “You let him kiss you?”
“Did I have a choice?” I wasn’t being facetious. I wondered. Was I under his control or did I have free will?
“Of course you did. Well, at least…I think so.” Her words faded into mumbles, and she frowned.
“Sorry, I didn’t get any of that.” Her non-answer left me even more confused.
Ula studied me, twirling a copper curl around her finger. She bit her lip and mumbled a bit. 
“Ula?” I was getting worried.
She tapped her chin with one finger. With her face highlighted by the moon, I noticed that she bit her nails. “You are still human…” she mused. She got off the chair and crossed to me, holding out her hand. I took it and stood. 
“Are you willing to try an experiment?” she asked. I eyed her skeptically, and she added, “It won’t hurt.”
“Okay.” I wondered what she was going to do, but I trusted her.
“Don’t be afraid,” she said. Before she finished speaking, the room darkened to pitch black. I gasped. Just as quickly, orbs of all shapes and sizes flared to light around me. I smelled the sea. Each globe held a tiny ocean, churning wave upon wave. Though small, their light was brilliant. When my eyes adjusted, I looked around. Ula was no longer there, but I heard her voice.
“What do you see?” she asked.
“Glowing globes. So many of them. Beyond that, nothing.”
The image blinked out and once again, I was in the office. Ula held my hand, and she gave it a squeeze before giving me an apologetic smile. “You are susceptible. Until you Change, Selkie magic can influence you.”
I swallowed the panic rising in my throat. “Did he use magic on me?” I thought of Kieran’s warm hands, his dark eyes, and my reaction to him. Was it real?
Ula’s eyes were sympathetic. “I don’t know. Tell me everything that happened.”
We sat on the couch, and I repeated the night’s events. It was a little easier this time, though guilt cut through me when I got to the part where we kissed. When I finished, she was scowling.
“Why make your friends forget and not you? What game is he playing?” She stood and started to pace. 
Watching her made me dizzy. She held herself in the same rigid manner that she had at the hockey game. I thought of her fight with Kieran before the game. Before I knew who he was. Would she tell me why they were fighting? 
“You were fighting with him,” I said. “That night at the stadium.”
She stopped pacing and stared at me. “How do you know that?”
“I remembered,” I told her. 
“You weren’t supposed to see him,” she said.
“Why not?”
“I didn’t want you to. I don’t trust him.” 
She didn’t trust Kieran. My dad warned me about Brigid. Were any Selkies trustworthy? Or safe? Was Ula? I pulled me knees up to my chest. Might as well get it all out. “I also saw him one other time,” I admitted.
Now she looked alarmed. “Where?”
“On campus, when I was with Evan. He didn’t approach me.”
“But tonight he did.” She started pacing and muttering again. Finally, she stopped and knelt in front of me, resting her hand on my knee. “I’m not trying to scare you, Meara, but I’m worried about you.”
“Can I protect myself from Selkie magic?”
Ula shook her head. Her curls bounced. “I’m not sure how. Tell David. He can help you.”
“Why were you fighting with Kieran?” I asked again.
Ula sat back on her heels with a sigh. Her shoulders sagged. “I was warning him to stay away from you.”
“From me? Why?” I didn’t even know him.
She hesitated before she said, “He wants you.”
My nerves flared, and I swallowed fear. What did that mean? “He doesn’t even know me.” 
Ula laughed. The sound was bitter. “It’s doesn’t matter. It’s your power he wants. You are David’s daughter. David is very powerful.”
“How does he know I’ll be powerful? And, you’re one of David’s sisters, aren’t you powerful?”
“Not powerful enough.” She turned her head away, but not before I saw the sadness in her eyes.
“Ula?” I leaned forward and touched her shoulder. 
She turned back and gave me a small smile. “Kieran and I? We were once betrothed.” She stood and kissed my cheek. “Talk to David. He’ll know what to do.”
Her eyes filling with tears, Ula disappeared.
***
David picked me up from the Mitchells’ house. I was happy to see him, but my automatic response was, “Where’s Mom? Is she okay?”
“She’s fine, just tired.” David glanced over at me. “Buckle up.”
His eyes were shadowed by black circles, and something glinted at his temples. I reached out and touched his hair. “Graying already?” 
I meant to tease, but he looked worried. He didn’t say anything and turned his attention back to the road.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I didn’t realize you were so sensitive about your looks.”
He smirked. “It’s not that.” He took a deep breath. “It’s my power. It’s draining.”
“Why?” 
“It’s taking a lot, Meara.” 
His voice was so quiet that I leaned in closer and whispered, “What is?”
“Keeping your mother comfortable.” He stole a glance at me.
“She’s getting worse?” I hated the whine in my voice. She looked so healthy lately.
“Every day,” David said. “It’s taking more of my power to keep her comfortable.”
I stared at him, swallowing the lump in my throat. “What are you saying?”
His eyes filled with tears. “I’m doing the best that I can.”
“I know you are.” I wanted to comfort him, but I didn’t know how. I’d never seen my father cry.
“It’s not enough,” he continued. “Soon, I won’t be able to help her.”
My tears fell as his words sunk in. Mom was dying. Really dying. “Does Mom know?”
“No,” he said. “If I told her, she would tell me to stop. I don’t want to worry her; she already worries about you.”
“Can I help?” If I Changed, could I combine my powers with David’s?
“There is nothing you can do. I’m sorry, Meara,” he whispered. He reached for my hand and squeezed it. I squeezed back. 
I cried a little, but felt helpless. I needed to ask David about Kieran, but it was hard to think about that with the knowledge that Mom was dying. I didn’t want my mind taken over by a power-hungry Selkie. I cleared my throat and shifted to the side.
“Dad?” David’s lip quirked at the name. He liked it when I called him Dad instead of David.
“Yes?”
“How can I protect myself against Selkies?”
David looked at me and frowned. “Why are you asking?”
“I, uh, met a Selkie at the dance club yesterday. I’m not sure if he influenced me, but I want to make sure he can’t.”
“Did you get his name?”
“Kieran.”
David sucked in his breath before hissing. “Kieran. I should have known.” He reached across the seat toward me. “Give me your bracelet.”
I took it off and handed it to him. He closed it in his fist and murmured under his breath. I couldn’t make out the words, but they sounded foreign. A green glow seeped from his closed fist. His hand shook when he gave me back the bracelet. 
“Keep that on at all times. It will protect you.”
He breathed shallow and fast. He looked pale, too. “Dad? Are you okay?”
“Just tired, Meara,” he said. “I will survive.”
“You shouldn’t have used your power on me. You’re already helping Mom.”
He laughed, although it sounded more like a wheeze. “And what would she say if something happened to you because of my kind?” In a quieter voice, he added, “What would I do if something happened to you?” 
My wrist felt warm where the bracelet lay. My father gave his energy to protect us.
“I’d sooner die,” he added after a moment, “than lose either of you.”
Humbled, I could only say, “Thanks, Dad.”



Monday when Mom dropped me off at school, I hurried inside. Despite her assurance that we had plenty of time, I knew I only had five minutes before first period. I needed to get my book out of my locker.
When I got there, I found Katie, Val, and Jen waiting for me.
“You’ve got to see this,” Val said, thrusting her phone in my face. I stepped back so I could actually see what she was showing me. It was a picture of Katie and Jen from the club the other night. Behind them, I recognized two of Kieran’s friends.
“I don’t remember taking this,” Val said, frowning. “But clearly, we did dance with the guys you saw.”
“And we don’t remember them,” Jen added. “Even after seeing the picture.”
They looked scared, and I didn’t know what to tell them. There was no way I was bringing up Selkies. 
“Do you think they drugged us?” Katie asked.
Drugs—a plausible explanation. “I don’t know,” I said. “Maybe?”
“I did feel weird the next day,” Jen said.
“You drank half a bottle of peppermint schnapps!” Katie said. That set them off, and they started arguing about who drank what and how much. I didn’t have time for this.
“Ladies,” I interrupted. “Can we discuss this at lunch? We’ve got about a minute before class starts, and Jen, you’re standing in front of my locker.”
“Oops! Sorry.” Jen jumped to the side. 
“We’ll see you at lunch then,” Katie said with a pout. “Come on, girls, let’s go.”
Katie caught my eye and mouthed, “Sorry” before turning back around. It wasn’t much of an apology, but it was something. I regretted my impatience. I didn’t mean to be abrupt with them this morning, but seriously, I didn’t need to get in trouble while they bickered. Frankly, I was getting tired of petty fights. There were usually at least one or two every week. I grabbed my book and headed off to class, so not looking forward to lunch.
***
I wanted to ask David more about Selkie powers, but he managed to evade me all week. Either Mom would be in the room, or I’d look for him once she went to bed and he’d be gone. I thought for sure that I could catch him on Saturday.
“Where’s David?” I asked my mom. She was sitting on the couch with a magazine in her lap. Her coffee cup steamed beside her on the table.
“Your dad,” she said, stressing the word ‘dad,’ “had a business trip. He’ll be back tomorrow night.”
She was getting tired of me calling him by his first name. I was trying to get comfortable with saying dad. Sometimes it felt okay, other times, just weird.
“Oh.” I tried to cover my disappointment that I lost another opportunity to talk to him. Was he gone on Selkie business?
I flopped down next to her and asked, “What are we doing today?” It had been a while since we had hung out alone.
“Your grandparents invited us over for dinner,” Mom said.
“Really?” I hadn’t see Grandma and Grandpa since my birthday. After living with them for over half a year, I missed them. I missed my grandmother’s cooking, too.
“We’ll head over around four,” Mom said. “I’m just going to do some housework and laundry in the meantime.”
“Do you need help?”
“No. I’m fine, honey.”
“Mom, are you sure? I can help.” She looked pale. Had she started losing weight again?
She sighed. “Okay, Meara. Can you take care of the kitchen and bathroom? I’ll start the laundry.”
I kissed her cheek. “Sure, Mom. No problem.”
It took about an hour to finish my chores. When I found my mom, she was folding towels. “Anything else?” I asked.
She shook her head. “I can finish this. Thanks for your help.”
“Okay, then I’ll get my homework done, I guess,” I didn’t want to do it, but it was better to get it out of the way.
“How’s Evan doing?” Mom frowned at me. “You haven’t said much about him lately.”
“He’s good. He’s been, uh, busy. Big project,” I lied. I hadn’t told my parents about our fight. The truth was that I barely spoke to Evan all week. I texted him after lunch on Monday and told him that Katie thought it was drugs. I forwarded Val’s picture to him, too. His replies were curt, but at least he replied. I was trying to give him space, but I was getting worried.
I hugged Mom before I went to my room, pulled out my backpack, and threw it on my bed, spreading the contents. I had a paper due on Wednesday and a Calculus test on Thursday. Neither prospect interested me, but I decided to tackle the paper first. I threw on some music, fired up my laptop, and started writing.
My stomach rumbled, and I was surprised to see that it was after three. Why didn’t Mom come and get me? I saved my file, pleased that I only had the summary left to write. Walking down the hall, I heard the drying running, but the rest of the house was quiet.
“Mom?” I checked her bedroom first. The light was on, but she wasn’t in it. I walked through the living room and peeked in the kitchen. Nope. Empty.
The basement door was ajar. She had to be folding clothes downstairs. I called down the steps, but she didn’t answer. Maybe she couldn’t hear me over the tumbling of the dryer. It was kind of loud. I started down the steps. When I got halfway, I could see my mom’s feet. That wasn’t right. Why was she laying on the basement floor?
“Mom!” I took the rest of the steps as quick as I could. She was ghostly pale. I shook her shoulder gently, calling her name. She didn’t respond. Frightened, I lifted her wrist and felt for a pulse. Thank God, it was there. Weak, but there. 
I grabbed my phone out of my back pocket and called 911.
I wiped at my tears, and my hands shook. Could I move her? I didn’t like that she was lying on the cold cement. The basket of folded towels sat nearby. I grabbed a few and covered her. I left her head alone. If she was injured, I didn’t want to make it worse. I couldn’t see blood, but she was freezing to the touch. Who knew how long she was on the basement floor before I found her?
I sat next to her and held her hand while I called my grandparents. My grandma answered, and the words tumbled out. I couldn’t disguise how frantic I was.
“Do you need us to come and get you?” she asked.
I shook my head before I realized she couldn’t see me. “No, I’ll ride in the ambulance.”
“We’ll meet you at the hospital.” The line disconnected. I texted Evan and asked him to tell his parents. That left my father, and I had no way to reach him. He didn’t have a cell phone, and I had no idea where he went.
“Ula,” I said, “if you can hear me, tell David my mom’s unconscious. We’re going to the hospital.”
Her voice came back, clear but faint. “I’ll tell him. Take care of her.”
“Thank you,” I whispered. I didn’t know why I had a connection with Ula, and not David, but I was grateful for it.
I rocked a bit as I sat by Mom’s side, listening for the siren. Please be okay. Please be okay. The chant rattled through my head. When I finally heard the siren, I raced up the stairs to let them in and lead them down to Mom. They prepped her, checked her vitals, and loaded her onto the stretcher.
I went to find her purse, then decided to grab my purse and both our coats as well. She wouldn’t need hers now, but she’d need it once she was released.
I sat in the back corner of the ambulance, trying to stay out of everyone’s way. Mom’s breathing was shallow and irregular. Her pulse, I learned, was super low. They were worried about a concussion. From what they could tell, she fell from a standing position and hit her head on the cement. The dryer was running, so she couldn’t have been there too long before I found her. Thank God I found her when I did.
When we got to the hospital, they took her back right away. I knew from the last time that I couldn’t go with her. I went to Admissions in the emergency room. The woman behind the desk raised kind eyes to me. Her nametag read Nancy. I explained that my mother had just been admitted by ambulance. She asked for my mom’s identification and insurance information. On the ride over, I had already found it all in Mom’s purse. I gave it to Nancy. Once she had all the information she needed, I walked over to the waiting area and sunk into a chair.
Grandpa must have floored his truck, because ten minutes later, my grandparents bustled into the lobby. I stood up, and Grandma pulled me into one of her big hugs. Her shirt was slightly damp, but she was warm and soft. I hugged her back, putting my head on her shoulder. She patted my back gently, and then stepped back, holding out a package. 
“I brought you something to eat,” she said. “I’m sure that you are famished, and this hospital food is just horrendous.”
“It’s not that bad, Mary,” Grandpa said. He hugged me next. Not quite as exuberant as Grandma’s hug, but it was nice. “How are you holding up, kiddo?”
“I’m okay,” I said. “It was just such a shock. I mean, Mom’s been doing much better, but she did look pale this morning…”
I trailed off as my voice cracked. “If I hadn’t been so focused on my paper, maybe I would have known something was up sooner. I just can’t get over seeing my mom lying cold and pale on the basement floor.”
“Shhh…” Grandma soothed. “Don’t blame yourself. You did everything you could, and she’s in the best of hands now.” She patted my knee and nudged the container closer to me. “Eat. You’ll feel better.”
I opened the lid. It was chicken and dumplings, the dish she made the first night we were here. My throat constricted again. So much had changed, and yet, Mom was still sick. 
“Jamie,” Grandma said, “why don’t you get Meara something to drink.”
“I’m okay,” I said.
“Nonsense!” Grandma waved her hand at me. “You can’t eat without something to wash it down with. Maybe they even have milk in that god-awful cafeteria.”
“You want me to walk over to the cafeteria?” Grandpa asked. Grandma gave him a look. His shoulders slumped, but he walked off without another word. 
I tried to eat slowly, but I was starving. I finished before my grandfather returned. I hated milk, but I resigned myself to drinking whatever it was he brought me. The cafeteria was on the other side of the hospital. I was touched that he went there to get me something, even if my grandmother strong-armed him into it.
She brushed a few hairs off my forehead. “Do you feel better now?” 
“Yes, thank you,” I said. “It was good.”
She smiled at me before picking up a magazine off the side table and flipping through it. Apparently, it didn’t interest her, because she snapped it closed and offered it to me. 
“No thanks, Grandma.” It was Reader’s Digest. I hated that magazine. Why couldn’t they have teen magazines in hospitals? I didn’t think to bring along a book, either. 
The minutes turned into hours. There was no news on Mom, and it was after nine. I knew my grandparents were tired and worried. So was I. David hadn’t arrived yet either. Lydia called, but I had nothing to tell her. I promised to call when we knew something.
“Meara!” Evan crossed the lobby and pulled me into his arms. I buried my face in his neck. He wrapped his arms around my waist and held me close. “I’m so sorry,” he murmured into my hair. “Did you hear anything yet?”
“No,” I said. “Nothing.”
“I came as soon as I could.” He looked around the waiting area. “Where are your grandparents?”
“They went to get some coffee,” I said. “Did you go by the apartment?” 
“Yeah.” Evan shook his head. “It was dark. He’s not home yet. I left a note on the door to call when he got back.”
“Okay,” I said. “I guess that’s all we can do. I don’t know why he doesn’t have a cell phone.”
Evan was about to respond, but I grabbed his forearm and he stopped. Dr. Riley had just walked into the waiting area and was heading our way.
“Meara.” Dr. Riley stopped in front of me. I was impressed that he remembered my name. He looked tired, and although he tried to smile, it came off as more of a grimace.
“How’s my mom?” I asked. Dr. Riley looked at Evan, so I added, “This is my boyfriend, Evan Mitchell.” When he hesitated, I said. “It’s okay to talk in front of him.”
“Is anyone else here with you?” Dr. Riley asked, and I felt my stomach tighten. If everything were okay, he would have said so.
“My grandparents are here,” I said slowly. “They’re in the cafeteria right now.”
“And your father?” Dr. Riley asked.
“He’s on a business trip,” I said. “We haven’t been able to reach him. Please, Dr. Riley, how is my mom?”
Dr. Riley sighed. “She’s resting right now. I’d prefer to speak to all of you together. Would you like to go and get your grandparents, or would you like me to have them paged?”
Evan squeezed my hand. “I’ll go. You can stay here.”
I watched Evan walk away, and I didn’t know what to do. Something was wrong. Doctors didn’t wait to give you good news. 
Dr. Riley cleared his throat. “I’m going to check on your mom, and I’ll be back in about ten minutes.”
I nodded before sinking into the chair. Where the hell was my dad? How was I going to find him? Silently, I pleaded, Please, Dad, if you can hear me, come to the hospital. Please. Hurry. If Ula hadn’t reached him, I didn’t think he would get my message, but I didn’t know what else to do.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and stared at the poster that gave disease prevention tips. When I heard David’s voice, I turned around to see him crossing the room to me.
“Meara, what’s going on? Where’s your mom?” 
“Well,” I started. That was as far as I got before the dam broke and the worry, guilt, and sadness came pouring out. I tried to continue through my tears, “S-she collapsed…and…the a-ambulance…and…”
David pulled me into his arms and patted my back. “Calm down, Meara,” he crooned. “I can’t understand you, honey.”
I tried to stop crying, but I only cried harder. Luckily, Evan returned with my grandparents, and the three of them took turns filling David in on what happened.
As promised, Dr. Riley returned within ten minutes. “Are you Mr. Quinn?” he asked.
“Yes, but you can call me David.” 
“David.” Dr. Riley shook my dad’s hand before he motioned to all of us. “Please come to my office.”
We followed him through the side doors and down the hallway. His office was bright and organized. Besides his diplomas and certifications, the walls were covered with beautiful nature scenes. A brown leather couch ran the length of one wall, and two cushioned chairs faced his desk.
“Please have a seat,” he said. David took one of the chairs near the desk, and I sat next to him. Evan sat with my grandparents on the couch. Dr. Riley waited for us all to be settled before he began. “Sharon is stable, but she suffered an internal hemorrhage. We’ve stopped the bleeding.”
“So, she’s okay.” Relief flooded through me, until I noticed Dr. Riley was frowning.
“She lost a lot of blood and needed a transfusion.”
“Is she in pain?” My father looked ready to bolt to find her.
Dr. Riley shook his head. “We gave her a sedative. She’s resting peacefully now.”
David relaxed back into the chair, but Dr. Riley leaned forward. “The cancer has spread throughout her abdomen. Although we stopped the bleeding, there’s a good chance it will start again. The prognosis does not look good.”
“What does that mean?” I asked.
Dr. Riley looked at me. I shrank back from the concern in his eyes. I didn’t want his sympathy. 
“Your mother needs hospice,” he said. “We can ensure that she is comfortable, and that her pain is manageable.”
“Hospice care?” I asked. “I don’t understand.” Wasn’t hospice care for the elderly and terminally ill? My grandmother sobbed behind me. Hands rested on my shoulders, and I looked up into Evan’s eyes. I reached for one of his hands, and he covered mine with his.
“Can she come home?” my dad asked. His voice broke when he said home. He reached over and squeezed my other hand, but continued to look at Dr. Riley.
“We can certainly arrange for care in your home,” Dr. Riley said. “It will take a few days, of course, for equipment and staffing.”
Equipment? Staffing? “When will she get better?” 
Dr. Riley frowned, and this time I clearly saw pity in his eyes. “She won’t,” he said, not unkindly. “The cancer has progressed too far. We’ve done all we can do. Our goal now is to make her comfortable.”
No! I screamed in my head, as my dad asked, “How long does she have?”
Dr. Riley shook his head. “I can’t say. It’s different with each patient.”
“An estimate, then,” he insisted.
Dr. Riley took his glasses off and rubbed the bridge of his nose. Finally, he said, “Anywhere from two weeks to six months, I would guess.” 



I stood inside the doorway, watching the rhythmic rising and falling of her chest. The medical equipment arrived the previous week. Next to her bed, machines beeped and whirred, their sounds foreign to me. They tracked her heartbeat and breathing. At irregular intervals, she gasped in pain and the machines spiked in response. I cringed, my nails biting into the flesh of my palms. How could I endure watching my mother, the person who gave me life, fight a losing battle to keep hers?
Her eyes moved restlessly under bruised eyelids, though she never opened them. What did she dream about? I wondered. When would she wake up? I tried not to worry that she wouldn’t. Her alertness was fading away. When she was conscious, she made little sense. The painkillers had a hallucinogen effect. She saw angels in the corner of the room, David, when he wasn’t there, and occasionally, she mistook me for my grandmother or Lydia. 
Those lapses were scarier than watching her struggle in her sleep. She was my mother, but in those moments, she was a stranger—easily angered, confused, and demanding. The stranger surfaced more frequently during Mom’s conscious hours. My hope crumbled. I knew our time together was limited to days, maybe hours, rather than months or years.
I heard a throat clear and looked up, startled. David sat against the headboard, holding Mom’s hand. His eyes were filled with pain and sorrow, but he searched my face and asked, “How are you holding up, Meara?”
I shrugged, not wanting to answer. I was tired of everyone’s concern for me. I wasn’t the one who was dying, at least, not physically. 
“Maybe I should ask you the same thing,” I said. “You look like hell. You should get some sleep.”
“Do I?” He looked down at Mom’s fingers. “I feel like hell, too.”
“Sorry,” I mumbled. “That sounded kind of jerky.” I wasn’t trying to be mean, but he was a mess. His eyes were bloodshot, his face lined and whiskered. He must have aged five years in the last two weeks. His clothes were wrinkled, like he slept in them all week, which he just might have done. 
He rubbed his eyes roughly and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Don’t worry about it, Meara. It’s a tense time for all of us.”
I glanced down at my mom. Over the past couple of days, her skin had turned a yellowish hue, the onset of jaundice. That meant the cancer was in her liver, and it wouldn’t be long now. 
“She’s not doing well,” I observed. It wasn’t a question, but David answered me anyway.
“No.” He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it. He laid it back alongside her and stood to stretch, rubbing his temples. When he bowed his head, his shoulders shook. He looked up, his eyes full of tears. “I would trade with her, Meara, if I could. If it was in my power, I would do anything to keep her alive and here with you.”
In that moment, I saw the man my mother loved – kind and generous. I hugged him to comfort us both. I’m so selfish, I thought. I never considered my father’s feelings. Of course, he was in pain. Of course, he would grieve Mom’s loss when the time came. He loved her. 
“I’m sorry,” I said. “That you’re in so much pain.”
“Don’t apologize,” he said. “I love your mother more than I’ve ever loved another, but you love her, too.” He reached out and squeezed my hand. 
The tears I held back, in a useless attempt to be strong, poured out. I cried for my mom, for my dad, and for what could have been. If Mom had stayed in Peggy’s Cove all those years ago, would we have become a family sooner? Could we have made it work in some strange way?
“Your mom asked me to look after you once she’s gone,” he said quietly. “I’d like you to come with me.”
I shook my head. “I don’t know. I’m not sure…”
“Remember, you are half-Selkie, so you’ll have the ability to transform.”
“It’s not that,” I said quickly, “but Evan, my grandparents…” I looked at him and sighed. My shoulders sagged. “I don’t want to leave them all.”
“You could appear as human for brief periods, like your aunts do.” He studied me. “It’s your choice, of course. I can’t pretend you’re a child and make decisions for you. But could you live, truly live, without ever knowing that other part of yourself?”
Could I? I would probably wonder what I missed, but life without Evan? A day here or there would not be enough. Could I just leave him, as David left my mother? Would he be willing to have me just a few days a year? Would I want him to?
David moved close to me and lifted my chin to look into my eyes. “You don’t have to make your decision today, Meara. I’m not planning on leaving your mother’s side until she’s at peace. And…after…I will give you time.”
“If I go,” I considered, “can I come back? I mean, will I be able to come back to my human form, my human life, if I want to?” The question I left unasked—Will I want to?—was what worried me most.
“If you so choose, you may return to being human.” Then, as though he read my mind, he answered my unasked question. “Will you want to? I can’t answer that. Since you are only half-Selkie, the pull may not be as strong. What I can tell you is that it’s not possible to live a dual life. At some point, you must choose—Selkie or human.”
I nodded. I didn’t expect it to be easy—not really. Nothing ever was. “If Mom wasn’t sick, would you choose human?”
He met my eyes. “I didn’t before, but this time? Yes. I already made the choice. If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t be living with you day in and day out like this.”
Tears filled my eyes, and I blinked to clear them. I looked down at Mom; she relaxed and smiled in her sleep. “Looks like the morphine is working. Why don’t you get cleaned up? I’ll stay with Mom.” When he hesitated, I added, “Dad, you’re no good to her if you don’t take care of yourself.”
“Thanks, Meara.” He smiled slightly when I said ‘Dad’. It was amazing that such a small word pleased him so much. He kissed my forehead before heading out the door.
Once he was gone, I sat on the edge of the bed and looked around the room. The only light came from a small lamp in the corner, and the green glow of the machines. I listened to Mom’s rhythmic breathing, taking her pale, bony hand in my own. The skin felt fragile, and her hand was cool. I leaned over and brushed a few strands of hair off her forehead. Her pillowcase was a cheery floral, but the bright, colorful pattern only accentuated her paleness. I shuddered and bent to kiss her paper-thin cheek.
“Mom,” I whispered near her ear. “Can you hear me?” Her lips lifted in the hint of a smile. There was no other change in her expression. I felt a desperate need to talk to her, to confess my fears. I might never have another chance.
“I’m so scared, Mom. I’m so scared of losing you, but I want you to know that it’s okay. When—” I broke off with a sob, blinking furiously. To calm myself, I stroked her arm and leaned in to kiss her cheek again. I wiped my tears from her cheek, sniffed, and started again. “When you’re ready, when it’s time, don’t hold back because of me. I’m going to be okay.”
I curled up next to her on the bed, propping my head on my hand so I could look down at her. I took deep, calming breaths and watched her for a while. When I felt I could go on, I continued. “I’m not sure what I’m going to do yet. Dav…uh, Dad, wants me to go with him, to become Selkie. And, well, I can’t deny that part of me wants to try, you know? I mean, a magical creature? Me? It’s so wild! But…then there’s Evan. I know I’m only eighteen, but I think when you find the person who you’re going to love forever…”
I looked down to see if she was hearing any of this. She looked the same, but I could hope. “How do I choose what life I want to live? If I go, I’ll learn a lot about the other side of myself, but what will it cost me? I can’t ask Evan to wait, to put his life on hold. I can’t believe I’m even considering it. What about my life here?”
I brushed the back of her hand with my fingertips, resting my cheek on the top of her head. I thought I heard her sigh. “Whatever happens, I’ll figure it out, Mom. You’ve done a great job of raising me, and I’m an adult now.” I choked the last words out. “I love you, Mom. I’ll never forget you, and I’m ready to let you go, if that’s what you need.”
Mom gasped, and her eyes flew open. She grasped my hand tightly. “Meara?” 
“I’m here, Mom,” I said calmly, touching her forehead. “I’m right here.”
“David?” She scanned the room.
“Right here, Sharon.” David stood in the doorway, his hair damp. He came to Mom’s other side, taking her hand in his. How long he had been standing there? He gave no indication whether he’d been listening before Mom woke up.
His eyes met mine briefly. “Get your grandparents.”
I ran to the living room and announced, “She’s awake.” 
They rose and followed me. They spent hours every day at our apartment, staying in the living room to give us time with her, but asking to be notified when she was alert.
When we returned to the room, David sat at the headboard on Mom’s right side once again. She swallowed with some difficulty and closed her eyes. I thought maybe she was going to go back to sleep, but she opened them slowly. This time, she seemed more herself, more alert. I realized that David was probably helping her fight the effects of the drugs.
“I’m glad you’re all here.” She spoke with calmness, turning her head to acknowledge each of us. “I love you all so much.”
Her lips trembled, and tears pooled in her eyes and overflowed. David gently wiped them from her cheek, and she smiled up at him gratefully, seeming to regain her composure. “I don’t have much more time. The pain is crushing and, frankly, I don’t want to fight it anymore.” When Grandma opened her mouth to object, Mom just shook her head to silence her.
Mom looked at me. “Thank you, Meara. Although I may not have looked like it, I heard every word you said. I have no doubt that you will choose the right path for yourself. I am so proud of you, honey. I love you.” 
She kissed me and stroked my hair like old times. I hugged her and rested my head on her shoulder.
“David.” Her voice shook with her emotions. “You will never know what it has meant to me that you came back. I’m at peace knowing that you are now part of Meara’s life. I’m so sorry for taking her away.” She frowned, and David leaned down to kiss her.
“You have nothing to be sorry for,” he said.
“I’m sorry,” she repeated as though he hadn’t spoken. “And I love you so much.”
“I love you, too, Sharon.”
Then Mom looked up at my grandparents, who were standing at the foot of the bed. Grandma hugged herself, her eyes bloodshot. Grandpa’s arm was around her shoulder.
“Mom, Dad.” She smiled up at them. “Thank you for taking us back into your lives and into your home.”
“Oh, Sharon.” Grandma was openly crying now. “Of course you were welcome home at any time. We love you.”
“I know, Mom,” she said. “Thank you, nonetheless.”
Mom sat up and gestured for my grandparents to come forward. I stood and moved back so that they could get close and hug her. When they stepped away, Mom was smiling, but her face was pale. It seemed that this last round of exchanges wore her out. I watched her warily, but she just patted my hand.
“I’m just tired, Meara. I’m not going to die on you this second.”
“Mom!”
She chuckled then, although it sounded a bit raspy. “Sorry, honey, but it’s true.” Mom’s eyes settled on my grandma. “Mom, would you mind getting me some tea?”
Grandma left to fix Mom’s tea. My grandfather wrung his hands. “I’ll be in the living room,” he said, turning quickly to leave. 
Mom sighed, but her eyes lit with humor. “Emotional displays make him nervous.”
David and I resumed our positions on either side of the bed. Grandma came back with the tea, and then left us alone. The three of us talked about everything and nothing as Mom drank her tea. She finished it, eventually settling back to sleep.
Once I knew she was out, her breathing deep and regular, I looked at David. “Will she make it through the night?” I asked.
“I don’t know.” He frowned down at her. “She might, but I don’t think she has more than a few days left. I’m having little impact on her now.”
I nodded, biting my lip to keep the tears from starting again.
“That was a brave thing you did, Meara,” David said.
“What?” I asked.
“Letting your mom go.”



What teenager ever imagines she would attend her mother’s funeral? I certainly didn’t. Although Mom joked that she wasn’t going to die right away, she didn’t make it through the night. 
She woke one more time and asked for more tea, but she fell asleep before the second cup grew cold. As she slept, we listened as her breathing grew raspy and irregular. The night nurse kept an eye on her vitals and administered morphine, but otherwise sat discreetly in the corner of the room. Around two, my mom stopped breathing. Her face, relaxed in sleep, looked peaceful. I gave her one last kiss on the cheek before I collapsed on the floor. 
I didn’t remember much after that. I woke the next morning in my room, and the days that followed were a blur of funeral planning. My father and grandparents handled most of the details. I only spoke when someone asked me something.
Evan was by my side whenever he could slip away from school. I worried about him falling behind, but he told me not to. The awkwardness between us faded. I knew he had forgiven me, although he never said as much.
I reread the card Kim sent that arrived the day before. She apologized that she couldn’t be there, but she provided just the right words of comfort. I missed her. I set the card back on my nightstand and rose to draw back the curtains. How appropriate that the sky was thick with angry clouds. A bitter wind blew, and thunder rumbled in the distance. I felt the electrical charge in the air—the barely contained fury. I wondered absently if my father was behind it—if the pending storm was a manifestation of his grief.
I dressed methodically, slipping into the black dress I bought the day before. I brushed my hair, but skipped the makeup. I would only cry it off anyway.
Evan waited in the living room. I was grateful he was here. He looked handsome in his dark suit.
“Thanks for waiting,” I said. He crossed the room and held me close. I relaxed into him. He was so warm, and I was so cold.
He slid his hands down my arms as he stepped back, grasping my hands in his. “Are you all set?” I was glad he didn’t say “ready”. How could anyone be ready for this?
The drive to the chapel went too fast. I wanted to run, to hide, to go anywhere but inside, where I would face the inevitability of my mother in a coffin. The finality of it all. 
It was a fruitless wish. Nothing changed the fact that she was gone forever.
My grandparents stood next to David in the front. Mourners continued to arrive for the visitation. I felt obligated to stand near them, although I stayed as far away from the open casket as I could. I didn’t need or want the closure of seeing her lifeless body. I had all the closure I could handle for the moment.
Evan stood beside me and held my hand. The line of visitors grew—it seemed everyone one in town and the surrounding area had come—people I didn’t even know and never saw before. The strong perfume of flowers cloyed the air, and it was difficult to breathe. My throat started to close, and I collapsed against Evan. He caught me, his movements so subtle that I doubt anyone else noticed. He leaned over and whispered something to my grandfather, who looked at me and nodded briskly. 
Next thing I knew, Evan was leading me out of the chapel and down an empty corridor. He sat me in a chair and pushed my head toward my knees. “Breathe, Meara,” he instructed firmly. “You’re about to pass out.”
I breathed slowly, deeply, closing my eyes and concentrating on the movement—in, out, in, out. With a barely audible sigh, I sat up. I felt a fraction better, one step back from the edge. I focused on my surroundings, the creamy brick walls, the dark blue linoleum tiles, and the long row of fluorescent lights. One flickered at the end of the hall. Evan crouched in front of me, his hand resting lightly on my knee. His eyes were shadowed in concern. I attempted a smile, but grimaced instead. 
“I’m better. Thanks,” I said.
Evan ignored me. “When was the last time you ate something?”
I tried to remember. Was it yesterday? The day before?
“I thought so,” he said when I didn’t answer. “Stay here.” 
He didn’t have to tell me twice. I was more than happy to avoid prying eyes and stay in the hall. 
“There you are!” I looked up and saw Ula hurrying toward me. I almost didn’t recognize her. She swapped her vintage hippie chick for subdued black dress pants and a black, silk blouse. Her hair was a riot of curls. “I’ve been looking all over for you,” she continued. “Thank goodness I ran into Evan.”
She hugged me before sitting on the floor next to my chair. She rummaged through her worn leather backpack until she pulled out something wrapped in brown paper.
“For you,” she said with a flourish. “Evan said you were hungry.”
I unwrapped it and discovered in was a salt bagel, my favorite kind. It felt a little warm. I took a huge bite. It was chewy and delicious.
“Thank you,” I said.
“I have water, too.” She handed me a metal water bottle.
“Are you always this prepared?” I joked. “What else do you have in that magical pack?”
“You never know what you’ll need.” Her mouth curved up briefly before she frowned. She moved from sitting to crouching in front of me, placing her hand on my knee and searching my eyes. “How are you?”
“Better now,” I said after I swallowed a bite.
“Well enough to go back out there?”
I grimaced. “I’d rather not.”
She patted my knee. “I don’t blame you. I’ve never understood human customs surrounding death. Placing the body out to be viewed. Burying the remains in the ground.” She shuddered.
“What do Selkies do?” I asked with curiosity.
“We send the body out to the sea, of course,” Ula said. She recited, “From whence we are born, we return.” 
I wondered if that was their mantra or something. “Isn’t that like a funeral?”
“It is not an event,” she explained. “We do not wait for a time that is convenient for the survivors; we do not invite others. Whoever is there performs the blessing, and the sea takes the body away. It’s much simpler.”
I thought of the lines of people waiting to offer their condolences and the ceremony to follow, orchestrated by a minister who didn’t even know my mom. “Sounds nice,” I said.
Ula nodded and smiled. “You’ll like being a Selkie, Meara. I promise.”
“I’m not sure…” I looked down the hall, hoping that Evan would come back. I didn’t want to talk about this at my mom’s funeral.
“But of course, today is not the day to discuss this,” she said. She stood, brushed off her pants, and offered me her hand. I took it and stood. “I’ll stay by you for the service, if you like.”
I squeezed her hand. “Thank you.”
We walked back into the parlor. The pallbearers stood in the front of the room with the caretaker. They were preparing to close the casket. I’d been gone long enough that the ceremony was about to begin. Evan stood with his family, but when he saw me, he came over and took my other hand.
“Feeling better?” he asked. He kissed my cheek. “At least you have a little color now.”
“Where’s my dad?” I scanned the room, but didn’t see him.
Evan gestured to the door. “He stepped out.”
“Is he coming back?” I asked. Now that I understood Selkie custom, I realized how much harder this day was for him.
“I think so,” Evan said. “He didn’t say.”
“How much time until the service?” I asked.
Evan looked at his phone. “About five minutes. Are you going to look for him?” I nodded. “Do you want me to come?”
I gave them both an apologetic smile. “I’d rather go alone.” 
“Hurry back,” Ula said.
I found my dad around the corner, sitting in his car. His head was in his hands. He was so still that I wondered if he was asleep. I opened the passenger door and slipped in.
“Dad?” I touched his arm. “Are you coming in for the service?”
He rubbed his face before looking at me. His eyes were bloodshot. I could tell he’d been crying. He cleared his throat before he gruffly said, “I don’t think so.”
“I understand,” I said. “Ula told me your customs.”
When he gave me a sharp look, my face grew hot. I probably shouldn’t have said that. I may have just gotten her in trouble.
“What customs?” he asked.
“Regarding death,” I said. “Sending the body to sea.”
He nodded curtly before he reached inside of his suit coat and pulled out a sealed envelope. “Your mother asked me to give this to you once the funeral was over. I imagine this is as good a time as any.” 
“Thanks.” I took the envelope, tucking it into my purse so I could read it later in private. 
“I’m going away for the night.” He frowned at the sky. It was quickly changing from gray to black. “I don’t trust myself right now.”
Was he creating this storm? What was he going to do? “Are you going to Change?” 
He looked at me a moment before answering. “Yes, but I will be back. Will you be okay for a night?”
“I’m not a child,” I said, and then softer. “I’ll be fine, Dad.” I pointed at the blackening sky. “Are you doing this?”
He looked a bit sheepish. “I imagine so. I’m struggling for control. Spending time as my true self will help.”
As he turned to leave the car, I felt the strangest impulse not to let him go. “Dad?”
“Yes?” He turned back, his eyes filled with pain. 
I threw my arms around him. “I love you.” It was the first time I said it, and I realized I meant it. Somehow, in the past few months, he became my father.
He hugged me tight, resting his cheek against my hair. When he pulled back, his eyes were full of tears. “Thank you, Meara. I love you, too.”
I watched him walk away, and then hurried back inside. I was probably late for the service, but I didn’t care. Mom was already gone, now my dad was too, if just for the evening. For the first time, I wished I could have gone with him. 



I managed to survive both the service and the short prayer at Mom’s gravesite. I swayed a bit on my feet, feeling so tired. Most of the mourners had already left the graveyard. Evan went over to speak to his family and my grandparents. I stood next to Ula, who rubbed my back. 
“Give me your bracelet,” she whispered.
“Why?” I asked. I knew it protected me, and I was reluctant to take it off, although the only Selkie I saw here was her. 
“Trust me, Meara.” Her green eyes were solemn. I took it off and gave it to her. She closed her eyes and murmured. I couldn’t catch the words, but it was lyrical like a song or poem. She handed it back. “Put it on.”
When I reclasped the bracelet, I felt a surge of energy. It was like waking from a power nap without the bed head. “What did you do?” I asked.
She shrugged. “Shared a bit of my energy with you.” When I stared at her in awe, she laughed and hugged me. “You looked like you needed it.”
“I feel wonderful,” I admitted.
“Good.” Her eyes sparkled.
“Are you going to find my dad?” I asked.
She looked off in the distance. We couldn’t see the ocean from where we stood, but we could hear it, smell it, and taste it. My heart raced with longing. She turned back to me suddenly.
“You feel it, don’t you?” she asked. “The pull.”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to leave you alone…” She looked off again as her words faded.
“You won’t be,” I said. “I have my grandparents and Evan.” I touched her shoulder, and she turned back to me. “Go to him, Ula. He needs you. I don’t want him to be alone.”
She kissed my cheek. “I’ll see you again soon.” She started to leave, but turned back one last time. “You make him proud, you know.”
“Everyone’s leaving for the Inn,” Evan said as he returned to my side. He watched Ula walk away. “Where’s she going?”
“To be with my dad.”
“As in…?” His eyebrow rose in question. I knew he was wondering if they were going to Change. When I nodded, he didn’t say anything else. 
“What do you want to do now?” he asked. “Do you want to meet up with everyone at the Inn?” Evan’s parents were hosting a luncheon.
“Can we go back to my place?” I asked. My voice was barely a whisper. I did not want to see another sympathetic face. “I…I just want to be alone…with you.”
“Sure,” he said. “Whatever you want.”
We walked silently to his car. He started it and put the radio on low. I stared out the window, grateful that he understood I wasn’t up for talking. I watched everything and nothing pass us by as he drove. The sky wasn’t clearing, but it hadn’t broke. The threat of rain hung in the air. Where would my dad and Ula go? What would they do? My thoughts slowed. The warm air from the heater sapped my energy, and my eyes grew heavy. 
I woke to Evan touching my knee. “We’re back.” 
I yawned and stretched. “Sorry I’m not much company.”
“Don’t apologize,” he said.
We got out of the car, and I let us into the house. I headed straight to my room, kicked off my heels, and pulled the pins out of my hair. I was numb, but at least here, when it was just Evan, I could breathe. He followed me back and sat on my bed, watching me but not saying anything. I sat down in his lap and wound my arms around his neck. At first, I just rested my head on his shoulder, grateful for his strength and support. After a while, I lifted my head and kissed him, lightly, but with growing need. I lifted one trembling hand and started to unbutton his shirt. He covered my hand with his and held it. 
“Meara, I don’t think this is a good idea.”
I stood up and began to pace, my fragile nerves already stretched too far, frayed. I felt the sting of his rejection. “Why not?”
“You’re not yourself for starters. For Christ’s sake, you almost passed out a few hours ago. And, we’re not prepared, well, I’m not prepared with, you know…” He trailed off.
“You don’t have to worry about that,” I said. “My mom took me to the clinic a few months ago and got me the pill.” 
He looked up at me, surprised. “She what?”
“She knew we were serious. I told her we hadn’t done anything, but she convinced me, ‘just in case’.”
Evan studied me with a slight crease between his eyes. Was he weighing my mood and wondering how much I would regret after? I wished he wouldn’t. I was sure of myself, sure of us. In this, I was absolutely certain. We had waited long enough. I needed sensation to fill the emptiness in my heart. I closed my eyes. I knew I would be begging, but I didn’t care. I was desperate to feel again, to be human and alive. 
“Please, Evan? I can’t handle the numbness any longer.”
With my eyes closed, I leaned against the wall and let my head fall back. I waited, silent. Eventually I sensed, rather than heard, him move toward me. He stopped in front of me. He radiated warmth, and my fingers itched to touch him. I willed myself to stand still. The move was his. He bent his head and kissed one of my closed eyes, and then the other, trailing his fingers over my tear-dampened cheeks.
“Okay.” His voice was soft and firm. “Okay, Meara. If this is what you want.”
I opened my eyes to ask, “Don’t you?”
He laughed and pulled me into his arms. “More than you know, but I was respecting your decision to wait.” He moved back slightly and looked in my eyes. “I’m not convinced that this is the best timing.”
“I don’t want to wait anymore,” I whispered as I held his gaze. His eyes were dark with emotions that I couldn’t place, as deep and fathomless as the sea. “I’m not going to regret this.” 
He stared at me. I must have looked convincing, because he sighed once before he leaned down and kissed me.
The desire and need I so carefully locked away broke free and overwhelmed me. I tangled my fingers in his hair, crushed his lips to mine, and pressed my body against his. My sudden, bold moves made him shudder in response.
I stopped thinking. I stopped hurting. I could only feel. Evan consumed my senses, and I couldn’t get enough of his lips, the feel of his skin, the urgent, yet gentle way his hands caressed my body. He stepped back toward the bed and fell with me in his arms. I lost track of everything that wasn’t him.
***
Rain pelted the windows. Glad to be inside, we sat at the kitchen table eating leftover pizza. I felt a slight twinge of guilt that I hadn’t gone to the luncheon. I hoped my grandparents weren’t mad. That they would understand why I couldn’t possibly face everyone after the funeral and try to smile. It would have been torture.
I wore a t-shirt and yoga pants. Evan put his dress pants and shirt back on. I offered him one of my dad’s t-shirts, but he refused. He looked unbelievably sexy sitting there with his sleeves rolled up and his hair slightly rumpled. His bare feet were propped on the chair next to me. My heart skipped. I loved him so much. I couldn’t believe I ever doubted it.
“What are you thinking about?” he asked me, a small smile playing on his lips.
I felt my face grow warm. “You.”
“Good thoughts, I hope?” he teased. He twirled a strand of my hair on his finger and leaned in to kiss my nose. My eyes welled, and he noticed as he sat back.
“What’s wrong?” he asked. “Are you regretting it?”
I shook my head, unable to speak. How could I have tears left to cry? I grabbed a napkin and dried my eyes before I gave him weak smile. “I love you.”
He pulled me into his arms, resting his chin on my head. I listened to his heartbeat and smelled the spicy scent that was him. “I love you, too.”
We sat in silence for a while. Eventually, Evan stood and threw out our plates and empty soda cans. When he was done, he pulled me up and into his arms again. “It’ll work out, Meara.”
“I know,” I whispered. “I just wish it didn’t hurt so bad.”
The phone rang, and Evan looked at me. “Do you want me to answer?” 
“No, I will.” I grabbed the phone off the counter. “Hello?”
“Meara! Thank goodness.” Grandma sounded upset. I mentally slapped myself for not calling her. “We got worried when you didn’t come to the Inn.”
“Sorry, Grandma.” Guilt tore through me, and my full stomach protested. “I should have called you.”
“Where’s your father?” she asked.
“He has a migraine. He’s sleeping,” I lied. I didn’t want her to worry or, worse, drive here. I assured her that I was okay, and that Evan and I just ate dinner. She seemed relieved and assured me that she wasn’t angry. She promised to let Lydia know that Evan was okay, too.
After the call, Evan and I moved to the living room. We sat on the couch and watched TV. I didn’t care what was on. It was comforting to rest my head on Evan’s chest and listen to his heart. It grew dark, and the storm ceased.
“You better get going,” I said. “It’s getting late.”
“I don’t want to leave you alone tonight,” he said.
“You want to stay?” I lifted my head and looked at him.
He leaned forward and kissed me. “Always.”
I gave Evan a pair of my dad’s sweatpants and a t-shirt. While he changed, I brushed my teeth and washed my face. He was already in bed when I returned, so I crawled in next to him. 
“Goodnight,” I whispered.
He leaned forward and kissed me lightly. “Goodnight, Meara.”
I rolled over onto my side with my back to him. It was the only position I could fall asleep in. He pulled me back against him chest. His warmth penetrated my body and relaxed me. My eyes grew heavy and soon closed. 
I woke several hours later. The house was dark. Evan’s hand rested on my stomach, and his breathing was deep and rhythmic. He was sound asleep. 
I thought about the letter my dad gave me from my mom. Untucking myself from Evan’s arm, I slipped out of bed. I went to the bathroom and splashed water on my face, before padding down the hall to the front entranceway where my purse hung to get the letter. 
I shivered at the slight chill in the air. Wrapping the throw from the back of the sofa around me, I turned on the end table lamp. Snuggling into the corner of the couch, I opened the letter and began to read.

Dearest Meara,

As you are reading this letter, I can safely assume that I’m no longer with you. Please know that I held on as long as I could but I am, after all, only human.

You know how very proud I am of you, but I wanted to tell you one more time so that you would never forget. You have become the young woman that I always hoped you would be. You are smart, loving, and kind. I am so proud to call you my daughter.

I have talked extensively with your father. He gave you this letter, and I know he has told you that he wants to take you with him to meet the rest of your Selkie family. I think you should go. 

I know, I know, it’s convenient for me to say this now that I am gone, and I’d like to think that if this hadn’t happened, if I was healthy and still with you, I would eventually have said the same thing. I guess we’ll never know if that’s true or not.

It’s obvious how much you love Evan, and he loves you. I know that makes your decision harder. As your mother, I’ll advise you that true love waits. As a woman who has loved, lost, and loved again, I tell you to follow your heart. Only you know if your relationship can survive this.

You are half-Selkie. It’s a side of yourself that you’ve never known. I don’t want you to live your life afraid of what might or might not have been. Learn your lesson from me. I am not proud of keeping you from your father, nor proud of the fact that I was too weak to bear losing you. In the end, fear cost me much. I now realize my mistake. In denying David you, I also denied myself.

Know that, whatever your decision, you have my support and blessing.

With all my love,
Mom

Tears blurred my vision, running down my cheeks in fine little rivers to splash on the paper. I hastily wiped my eyes and placed the letter on the table to dry. I wasn’t about to ruin the last thing that my mother ever gave to me. 
After folding the blanket and turning off the light, I walked down the hall and slipped back into bed. Evan stirred and rolled over, his back to me. I snuggled up behind him and wrapped my arm around him. He covered my hand with his own. 
I tried to fall back asleep, but lay awake for several hours, my mind spinning. Should I move in with my grandparents and go to college? No. I loved my grandma and grandpa, but the idea of living with them without my mom there was not appealing. What about my dad and Ula? I didn’t understand the Selkie world, but it would be exciting to see new lands and meet family. A large family, Ula promised. I might even feel like I belonged.
Evan’s body rose and fell with each breath. He slept so peacefully. How could I leave him? If I went with my dad, would I ever see Evan again? Would he wait for me? A wave of hysteria bubbled up in my throat, and I choked on it. I buried my head in my pillow and cried myself to sleep.



"Meara, are you in?”
I looked up and found Jen, Val, and Katie all staring at me, expectant looks on their faces. What did they ask me? My mind was somewhere else entirely, certainly not on the conversation in the lunchroom. “Sorry. What?”
“Cancun?” Katie waved her phone in front of me. A picture of a beach at sunset. “We’ve been talking about it for weeks.”
“My parents said I could go as my graduation present.” Val grinned at me.
“I’m in, too,” Jen added.
I shook my head, knowing that they’d be disappointed. “I…uh, I can’t. Sorry.”
Katie leaned closer. “Why not?”
“My dad wants me to go home with him this summer. Meet the rest of the family.”
Katie knew this already. In the weeks after my mom’s funeral, we talked about it often. I hadn’t said anything to Val or Jen. Apparently, neither did Katie.
“Where’s home?” Val tilted her head to the side and wrinkled her nose. She reminded me of a curious puppy. I stifled a laugh. Val always wrinkled her nose when she was confused. “I thought you lived with him here.”
“I do.” How little could I tell them? The more information I gave, the more questions they’d ask. “He moved here to marry my mom, but he’s from Scotland.”
“Scotland!” Val rested her chin on her hands. “How exotic!”
Katie snorted. “Cancun is exotic, Val. Hot temperatures and hotter men. What does Scotland have? Kilts?”
“Katie.” Jen’s warning got a reaction out of Katie. For once, she actually seemed to regret her words.
“Sorry, Meara,” Katie apologized. “I’m sure Scotland is lovely.”
My friends resumed their graduation trip planning, and I resumed playing with my food. I wasn’t hungry these days. Maybe it was nerves. I pulled out my phone and texted Evan, “Come over tonight?”
He replied immediately. “Sure.” 
The weeks following the funeral, my dad wasn’t much company. He looked better. The Change helped him to recover his youthful appearance, but his mood was poor. He slouched on the couch in front of the TV or slept late into the day. His five o’clock shadow was now a beard, and I needed to remind him to shower at least a couple times a week. While school kept me busy, his days were long and empty. 
“Go become a seal or whatever while I’m gone. Relax, go for a swim.” I told him one morning, but he said the temptation to stay that way was too great. He was waiting for me to make my decision, and he’d wait as a human. A human martyr, I thought.
“Meara?” Jen stood behind me, her eyebrow raised in question.
I realized I was in the lunchroom. I had to stop daydreaming. “Yeah?”
“Bell rang. You ready for class?” She gave me a sympathetic look and waited while I stood. Jen’s dad died when she was in second grade. More than any of my friends, she understood what I was going through.
“Sorry I wasn’t much company at lunch.” I fell into step beside her.
“It’s okay.” She touched my arm. “I understand.”
We walked in silence the rest of the way to class. Once we took our seats, Jen turned to me. “Are you going to go with your dad then? To Scotland?”
I’d asked myself the same question countless times, weighing the pros and cons. I thought I was undecided, but I realized I’d made up my mind. Slowly, I nodded. “I think I am.”
***
When Evan came over that night, my dad excused himself. My heart dropped. I knew that he avoided people now, but I hoped Evan was an exception. While Dad walked down the hall toward his room, Evan stared after him. 
“He’s not getting better, is he?” he asked low enough that only I could hear.
“He’s worse.” I waited until my dad closed his bedroom door. Turning back to Evan, I forced a smile. “Are you hungry?”
“I’m okay. You?”
My stomach twisted in knots. I couldn’t eat if I wanted to. “I’m fine.”
He sat on the couch and patted the spot next to him. I cuddled close and rested my head on his shoulder, delaying the inevitable. Now that I’d made up my mind, I needed to tell him. He lifted my chin, and his lips met mine. We kissed, and I lost track of time. My stupid brain wouldn’t leave me alone. Tell him, tell him, tell him, chanted through my head. I broke away and stood up to pace.
“What’s wrong?” Evan looked worried. At least he had stopped asking me if I regretted taking our relationship to the next level. It had been over a month. I had no regrets.
I didn’t want to worry him, but he needed to know what I decided. I stopped pacing and sat back down. “Evan, we need to talk.”
He studied me for a moment. “You’ve made your decision.” 
I’d been weighing the pros and cons with him for weeks. He even asked Professor Nolan what he knew about Selkies. It hadn’t amounted to much, certainly nothing I didn’t already know. When I didn’t speak, Evan prompted, “Well?”
I tugged at the hem of my shirt, delaying for a few more seconds before I met his eyes again. “I’m going with my dad.”
He looked resigned, as if he was expecting it. “When?”
“After graduation.”
“That day?” He looked shocked, and I couldn’t blame him. It was only a month away. We were running out of time.
“Maybe that evening or the next day. I don’t know.” I took his hands, wanting to touch him. He gripped mine in return. Despair wound its deadly vine around my heart. “Evan, you’re the only thing that makes this difficult. I can’t breathe when I think of leaving you.”
“But not enough that I can convince you to stay.” I barely heard him, and he wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered. “I have to know what I am.”
“I know what you are, and I love you. Isn’t that enough?” He searched my face.
“I wish it was.” My eyes filled with tears. Why was this so hard? Why couldn’t he understand?
He let go of my hand so I could wipe my eyes. “Where will you be going?”
“A small island near Scotland, I think.”
“Can I visit you?”
“I’m not sure.” I wasn’t clear on how often I could be around humans while I lived as a Selkie. My dad needed to explain it to me.
“Will you come back?” 
I studied our hands joined together. I loved him so much, but the best thing I could do was let him go—let him meet someone else. A day here or there would not be fair to either of us. 
“Meara?” His voice sounded strained.
“I’ll come back.” I couldn’t let him go. I was too selfish. “If I can.”
He brushed a strand of my hair out of my face before resting his hand on my shoulder. “Why couldn’t you?”
I sniffed and thought about what he said. Why couldn’t I? Dad never said I couldn’t come back here. He told me I could appear as human for small amounts of time. I could come back to see Evan, at least once after the Change. Would I feel the same?
“I’ll come back on my birthday.” I said the words as I finalized my decision. “My dad has come here on that day for years. I’m sure I can convince him to bring me.”
“Next year on your birthday.” He seemed to mull it over. It wasn’t much, but it was all I could promise. “It’s a date,” he said finally.
“A date,” I repeated. We sealed our promise with a kiss.



"Quinn, Meara.” 
I stood as my name was called, moving forward in the sea of students. I couldn’t see my family, but I knew they were out there. My dad sat with my grandparents. They hadn’t quite forgiven him for leaving Mom’s funeral, but they weren’t being rude either. At least he shaved and cleaned himself up. They would have had a conniption if they saw him a week ago. I searched the crowd and found Evan sitting with his parents. He waved.
My face grew hot as I thought of the previous day. We’d spent it together. It had been wonderful and bittersweet. It was a day I’d never forget.
Evan whistled as I crossed the stage. I accepted my diploma, shook hands with the principal, and smiled at the photographer. My moment was over, and I crossed to the other side where I could descend the steps back to my seat. That’s it, I thought. One chapter closed, and another about to begin.
My grandparents and David found me after the ceremony, standing with Katie, Jen, and Val. We were thrilled, riding the high of our symbolic entry into adulthood. 
Evan and his parents came up next. Evan had a camera and took several pictures of all of us, and more of just me. I smiled brilliantly. I wanted to leave him with nothing but happy images.
“Ready?” Dad placed his hand on the small of my back. For a moment, I panicked. His eyebrow shot up. “For dinner, Meara.”
“Of course.” I gave him a shaky smile. Maybe I was a little nervous. I hugged Evan and kissed his cheek. “See you there?”
“We’ll be right behind you.”
We headed into downtown Halifax. Katie and I agreed that we couldn’t possibly go anywhere else but our favorite Italian restaurant. I had looked forward to this all week. Who knew when I would eat garlic bread and tiramisu again?
The Mitchells arrived when we did, and the hostess ushered us to a long table in the back. I sat next to Evan, and he held my hand under the table. This last week, we found ourselves touching as much as possible. I smiled at him to keep things light. He returned the smile, though his eyes were sad.
The atmosphere around the rest of the table, however, was one of celebration. Evan and I were not allowed to sulk. Katie chatted about her upcoming trip to Cancun and her plans for the fall. She decided to study Journalism.
“Meara, you’re rather quiet,” Lydia observed, turning everyone’s attention to me. “What about you? What are your plans for the fall?”
“I’m going to take a little time off.” I met Grandma’s eye, and she gave me a shaky smile. I’d announced my plans to my grandparents the week before. They weren’t happy about me leaving, but they were supportive. “I’m moving to Scotland with my dad for a while.”
“Oh…” Lydia looked nervously at my father. He gave her a charming smile.
“I discussed it with Sharon naturally,” he said to the table at large. “She felt it was important for Meara to meet her relatives on my side of the family.”
“What’s Scotland like?” Katie’s blue eyes were wide and innocent. She pretended to be interested, but I knew she was just digging for information. She wasn’t going to get much. Even Kim got modified information when I called her earlier this week. She was happy for me and jealous that I was going to Europe before she could. If only she knew.
“Beautiful,” David said. “My family comes from the northern end of Scotland. The winters can be harsh, but the rest of the year, it is a lush green.”
“Do you have a large family?” Grandma asked.
“I do.” David nodded. “Two sisters and four brothers.”
“Of course. Your sisters were at the wedding, but not your brothers?” She phrased it like a question. My grandma seemed surprised to learn he had such a large family.
“My brothers were unable to travel.” 
“And your parents?” Grandma persisted.
“They are gone.” My dad was back to his abridged answers. I knew about his mom, but not his dad. If Selkies lived so long, I wondered what happened to them.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Grandma murmured. Thankfully, the food arrived, and the topic was dropped while we were served. Smaller conversations broke out around the table, and I busied myself eating. No one would question me if I had a mouthful of food.
After dinner, Lydia and Darren invited us back to the Inn for coffee and dessert. I thought it was rude to decline, but I didn’t want to go. There were only so many hours left in the day, and I wanted time alone with Evan. He squeezed my hand under the table. When I looked at him, he mouthed, “We’ll get away.” Then, he winked at me. I felt better. If anyone could maneuver his way out of a situation with parents and guardians, politely and without raising any questions, it was Evan.
We had the whole evening together. It wasn’t like I needed to pack. My dad laughed when I asked him. “No, Meara. What are you going to do? Push your suitcase across the ocean with your nose?” More kindly, he explained that material items weren’t necessary for Selkies. Whatever I needed, I would be able to get once we were on the island. 
“But what if I want to bring things with me?” I thought of my mom’s picture, my necklace from Evan, and my charm bracelet.
“Put together what you must have,” he relented. “I will make sure it arrives safely.” Yesterday, I’d gathered those few items into a small box and given it to him. Leaving most of my possessions was freeing and nerve-wracking at the same time. I was trying to wrap my mind around it. At least I could bring the things that mattered most.
***
We gathered in the Mitchells’ living room. Lydia asked Evan to help her in the kitchen. She came out with a beautiful cake for Katie and me. Evan followed her with coffee service. I was touched that she went to the trouble of making the cake. Katie and I posed for more pictures before it was sliced and served. 
I barely finished my last bite when Evan took the plate out of my hands. “If you don’t mind,” he said, “Meara and I are going to go out.” He pulled me off the couch. My dad frowned slightly, and I wondered if he worried that I was bailing on him. 
I kissed my grandparents on the cheek as I held back tears. This could be the last time I saw them. I kissed my dad’s cheek as well and whispered, “We’ll see you at the lighthouse later.” He nodded and visibly relaxed. Taking Evan’s hand and feeling like a fraud, I smiled brightly at everyone once last time. “See you later!”
Once outside, I broke apart. Tears streamed down my cheeks. Evan handed me a tissue. “I’m sorry,” I said between sobs. “I’ve got to pull it together. This is our last night, after all.”
Evan smiled sadly and touched my cheek. “All the more reason to cry, right?”
We got in his car. I wasn’t sure where we were going. He’d been pretty secretive about our final evening together, but I trusted him. I sat back and looked out the window, not paying attention until we stopped.
“I used to come here a lot.” Evan stared ahead. “When I wanted to think or just be alone.”
“Where are we?” I asked as I opened my door. Though the ocean roared nearby, trees and tall grasses obscured the view. 
He grinned at me suddenly. “Let’s check it out.”
He got out and pulled a couple of blankets from his car’s trunk, along with a picnic basket. I stood next to the car and watched. He shut the truck and grabbed my hand with his free one.
“Evan.” I eyed the basket warily. “I am so full I couldn’t possibly eat anything else.”
He laughed. “That’s good, then. I don’t have food in here.” 
We walked through the tall grasses to a small beach area surrounded by large rocks. The waves lapped lightly on the shore, calm tonight. The moon turned the water black and the sand silver. “It’s beautiful,” I said. 
Evan found the perfect space to set down the basket and lay out one of the blankets. He patted a spot for me to sit, and I did. Then he opened the basket and took out a bottle of champagne. “I thought we should celebrate.”
“Oh.” I was surprised and touched. He handed me two glasses to hold while he opened the bottle. I laughed when the cork flew off into the grass. He poured the champagne, placed the bottle back in the basket, and then took one of the glasses from me.
He lifted his glass to mine. “Here’s to new beginnings and new adventures. May you find everything you’re looking for.”
I lowered my glass. “That’s sounds so sad,” I complained. “So final.”
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean for it to sound that way. I guess I don’t know what to say.”
“Let me try.” I raised my glass. “I’ll keep it short and sweet. Here’s to us.”
I touched my glass to his, then raised it to my lips and drank slowly. The bubbles tickled my throat. Evan slammed his, twirling the empty glass in his fingers.
“What is it?” The more he fidgeted, the more I knew he wanted to tell me something.
“What if I can see you before next February?” He watched me carefully.
I lowered my glass and held his gaze. “What do you mean?”
“Professor Nolan offered me an internship this summer.”
“That’s great!” I hugged him before sitting back down. “I don’t know what this has to do with—”
“It’s in Scotland,” he interrupted. “Aberdeen.”
My heart leapt. I didn’t know where Aberdeen was, but Scotland wasn’t that big. He’d be close—close enough that I could see him. I whooped and threw my arms around his neck. Knocking him off balance, he fell back with me lying across his chest.
“I take it you’re okay with it?” He gave me a lopsided grin.
I kissed him and laughed. “I’m more than okay with it. I’ll be able to see you!” I would, wouldn’t I? I let the thought slide away as quickly as it came. Of course I would. We’d find a way. Dad didn’t say I couldn’t leave the island. I lowered my head until I was just a fraction away from his mouth.
“I don’t deserve you,” I whispered. “But I love you.”
Our lips met. The kiss was slow and tender. I wanted to remember our last time together when I was just a girl. A human girl. He wrapped his arms around me and brought me closer. I sighed, savoring the feel of his lips on mine, his arms secure around my waist. The champagne was forgotten, left to go flat. 
Much later, our skin cooled in the evening air as we lay on the blanket. Evan covered us with the other throw and pulled me close. I’ll always love you, I promised him silently. In my heart, I knew it was true. No matter what happened. 
He stroked his hand through my hair and down my back. Neither of us spoke. What words could we say in these few, final moments? Evan sighed and kissed my head. “I better get you to the lighthouse, Meara. Your dad’s waiting.”
We dressed quickly and gathered the blankets and basket. His eyes were devastatingly sad, but I held onto the hope that we’d see each other soon. 
“When does your internship begin?” I asked as he started the car.
“July. I’ll be there for five weeks.” He smiled at me, reaching for my hand across the seat. I tried to look as optimistic, but I failed. I didn’t let go of his hand.
We arrived at the lighthouse in record time. How did we get here so fast? I thought shakily. I couldn’t bring myself to open the door. Evan came around the car and opened it for me. I didn’t move.
“Are you okay?” He crouched down to my eye level.
“Okay? Okay?” I heard the hysteria in my voice. I didn’t care. I started to breathe rapidly—quick, shallow bursts.
“Slow, Meara,” Evan commanded quietly. “Take a deep breath.” Just as he had at Mom’s funeral, he gently pushed my head down.
I found my breath, but I couldn’t swallow. How was I going to do this? What was about to happen to me? Relax, I told myself. “All right,” I said to Evan. “I’m okay now.”
He straightened and backed up, offering me his hand. I took it and stood. The lighthouse cast a glow on the surrounding area. I didn’t see my dad. Evan held my hand and walked with me. As we approached the lighthouse, he asked, “Where’s David?”
“I’m here.” My dad stepped out of the shadows. One look at my face made him ask, “Are you nervous?” I swallowed hard and nodded. He looked sympathetic. “Don’t be. You’ll be fine. I’ll take care of you.”
“Will it hurt?” I asked in a small voice.
“No. It doesn’t hurt at all.” He looked off in the distance. “Sometimes, at least for me, it’s harder to take a human form.” He smiled apologetically at Evan. “Sorry, but it’s true.”
Evan nodded curtly. He hadn’t released my hand. I turned, placing my other hand on his cheek. My father walked toward the rocks, giving us some privacy. 
“See you soon?” I whispered, meeting his eyes.
“Not soon enough,” he said before he bent his head and kissed me breathless. When our kiss ended, he hugged me fiercely. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
My dad cleared his throat. It was time. No amount of goodbyes would be long enough anyway. I stepped back. “I have to go.”
Evan nodded, but didn’t say anything. I walked to the large, flat boulder on the water’s edge where my father stood. Together, we watched the waves break rhythmically against the rocks. The air, though cool, was calm.
I looked at my dad. “I just jump?”
He nodded with encouragement. “I’ll be right behind you.” 
I didn’t turn back to look at Evan, but I felt his eyes on me. For a moment, I was torn, but then I breathed deeply and closed my eyes. The sea air cleared my head. There was only one option. 
I dove in.

The End


If you enjoyed Never Forgotten by Kelly Risser, check out the sequel: Current Impressions!  Enjoy the first chapter now.




Two days ago, I left my human life behind.
I missed my boyfriend, Evan, who I loved and I knew loved me. I had felt his eyes on me when I dove into the ocean, but I refused to look back.
I Changed. 
My Selkie fur flowed over my body, and my eyesight sharpened to that of a seal. Before the icy cold could register, the water felt comfortable, warm even. When I broke the surface, I discovered my other senses were enhanced as well. The sky was vibrant. The ocean glistened in a myriad of blues like a sapphire. Words whispered on the wind reached my ears, and the ocean sang. Then, there were the smells. I couldn’t identify all of the scents in the bouquet, but I picked up the floral, tangy sea, and the woodsy, spicy scent that was Evan. 
Evan. My heart ached. Without turning, I knew he stood guard. It broke my heart to leave him. I’d already lost my mother only months ago. Now I had to leave the man I loved, too. With a sigh that was more of a soft snort in this form, I slid back under the water to follow my father. His home was an island near Scotland. We swam with little rest until we reached it.
****
“Meara, aren’t you coming out?”
Dad stood on the shore, wearing a faded, black T-shirt that bordered on gray and worn blue jeans. His feet were bare. I marveled how I could hear him, clear as if he were standing next to me. He was far away on the shore and not shouting. Would my developed senses stay with me when I switched back to human form? 
Treading water, I tried to remember what he told me on the way over about shifting back. At the time, we were passing a whale and her offspring. The tenderness between mother and child distracted me. He said something about needing to choose a form for my Selkie skin. Whatever I chose the first time would be permanent. I studied my dad again. He held his leather jacket casually draped over his right shoulder. I knew it was his Selkie skin, and my aunt Ula’s was her backpack. Both were too conspicuous for me. I wanted something small, something easy to carry, like a piece of jewelry. Aunt Brigid’s was a choker, but an obvious piece of jewelry like that might not go with all of my outfits. I needed something even less noticeable. 
Anklet, I thought. 
The deep cold of the ocean seeped into my bones. I wrapped my arms around myself and shivered. Gooseflesh covered my body. My very naked, exposed body. Oh no! How could I get out of the water now? My dad was standing right there.
“Meara?” Dad’s voice held the slight clip of impatience.
“I’m naked.” It came out as a squeak, no more than a whisper. He bent forward, his hands on his knees, and his shoulders shook. Was he crying? Maybe he was exhausted from our long journey across the Atlantic. I felt strangely exhilarated, but I hadn’t spent the last six months trying to keep my mother pain free and alive. During that time, my dad drained himself keeping her comfortable and buying her a few more days to be with us. I would be forever grateful to him. 
“Are you okay?” I asked, uncertain. My teeth chattered. I needed to get out or change back. Soon. The water was freezing.
He raised his head and wiped his eyes. “I’m sorry.” Dad coughed, but his grin told me he was covering a laugh. He was laughing at me! 
“If you think this is so funny—” I scowled and sunk lower into the surf. Let me die of hypothermia and see how much he laughed then! There was no way I was getting out of the ocean and standing before him naked. 
“Come out of the water, Meara.” He cleared his throat a few times before continuing, his voice steadier. “I’ll turn around if that will make you more comfortable.” Before I could answer, he spun around and left me staring at his back. After waiting a beat, he asked, “Are you coming?”
“Yes,” I mumbled. Straightening my shoulders, I walked toward him and prayed no one else could see me. 
“Let’s try a simple exercise,” he said with his back still to me. “Visualize clothes.”
“O-kay.” Since when did my dad become Obi-Wan Kenobi? How in the world was I supposed to visualize clothes?
 “Close your eyes and picture your favorite outfit. Can you see it?”
I thought about the dress I wore for my high school graduation, a sundress made of pearlescent fabric with thin spaghetti straps. It was so beautiful, and I loved how Evan looked at me in it. I swear I could feel his fingers as he slid the strap from my shoulder… I shivered and stopped that line of thought. Now was not the time. “Okay, I’ve got it,” I said.
“Open your eyes,” he said. I looked down and saw my dress. It was dry and like new. After a moment, Dad asked, “Can I turn around now?”
“Yes.” I laughed and spun in a circle, watching the dress flare. When I stopped and faced him, he smiled at me proudly. 
“I was wearing this when I dove into the ocean,” I said. “How—?”
“That’s not the actual dress,” he interrupted to explain. “It’s your visualization of your dress. A very accurate one at that.”
I twirled again and felt the fabric grace my legs, my bare feet gliding across the smooth pebbles that made up the shoreline. “So I can change my outfit whenever I want?” The idea absurdly thrilled me.
He shrugged. “Try it.”
I pictured something more practical for the rough terrain—jeans, Evan’s hockey jersey, and tennis shoes. I didn’t need to look to feel the tight jeans encase my legs, the jersey slide over my fingers—it was always a bit too long—and the shoes cover my feet. I laughed. How excellent was that?
“You’re good at this.” My dad smiled. He reached into his pocket and pulled out my charm bracelet, offering it to me.
“Is this an illusion too?” I held out my wrist and watched him fasten it.
“Visualization,” he corrected. “An illusion is not real, but visualization is something you create with your mind. This it is quite real, believe me.”
I could make anything I wanted by thinking about it? How unbelievably cool was that? I wished I could call my best friend Kim and tell her. I pictured her face in my mind, her mouth open in surprise, her eyes sparkling as she dared me to visualize one Oscar gown after another. 
Dad tapped the bracelet on my wrist, bringing me back to the present. “I conjured that for you from your box.” 
“Conjured?” I didn’t recognize the word. It sounded like witchcraft. “Unlike visualizing something, conjuring is when you call an item to yourself that already exists. Visualization doesn’t use much energy; it’s limited to clothes and personal items.” I tried not to appear disappointed. I should’ve figured as much. If stories in books were true, then all magic had limitations. Dad continued, “Conjuring takes vast amounts of energy. It’s best done with small objects, like your bracelet.” He lifted the gold chain with one finger. “It will still protect you until you learn your powers.”
Dad charmed the bracelet to protect me from Selkie persuasion. I asked him to after that a Selkie named Kieran manipulated my emotions at the dance club, and Ula and my dad realized my mind was vulnerable to Selkie powers. 
“Do I need protection here?” We were in a small cove, surrounded by an embankment. The walls were steep and rocky, the tops covered in springy green moss that looked like hair. It reminded me of those Chia pets they advertised around the holidays. I turned in a slow circle. I didn’t see another living creature. The roll of waves breaking on the shore was the only sound.
“I’d rather not take chances,” he said, which really didn’t answer my question. He added. “You should be safe. Humans cannot find us here.”
I wasn’t sure why he was worried about humans finding me. The threat had been another Selkie, not a human. It didn’t keep me from asking, “Why not?” After all, we passed Scotland and many small islands to get here. The last one, I recalled, was only a short swim away, maybe five miles. I’m sure humans inhabited those places.
“This island is warded. It does not show on human maps or their fancy navigational equipment. Our magic is stronger.” He offered me his hand. “Are you ready to see your new home?” When I nodded, he whispered, “Close your eyes.”
No sooner had my eyes closed than the earth tilted, and a strong breeze lifted my hair. Jolted, my eyes flew open. We stood on top of the cliff, facing a large fortress. It was not pretty enough to be called a castle, but it was fierce. Weathered, gray stone blended into the hillside, making it appear to be one with the environment. A lookout tower on each corner and a spiked gate completed the striking façade. “I thought you said we were safe here,” I murmured in awe.
“Better safe than sorry.” His lips quirked. “At any rate, Ronac stood long before I was born.”
“Ronac?”
His face softened when he turned toward me. “Our home.”
Home. I tasted the word on my tongue even as my eyes drank in the endless green of the land. The brilliant emerald was broken only by the occasional jut of rock, and its beauty astounded me.
I tilted my head and studied my dad. The lines that appeared around his eyes and mouth in the final days of my mom’s life had softened. He still looked older than when I first met him, early thirties now instead of mid-twenties, but he appeared healthy and happy. It must have been hard for him to leave his people and stay with us. He had been willing to give this all up.
He squeezed my hand. “Are you ready to go in?”
“Does everyone in the clan live here?” I asked. “I didn’t expect you to live in something so—”
“Imposing? Grand?” His eyes sparkled. I shrugged, at a loss for words. Dad’s mouth twitched. Was he laughing at me again? “I suppose you thought we slept on the shore like actual seals?”
“I guess… I hadn’t really thought about it.” I fell in step beside him, and we walked through the raised gate. “Do a lot of Selkies live here?”
“In our clan, yes, but of course, there are other clans all over the world.”
“Clans?” I immediately thought of Celts, Highlanders, and other more barbaric communities. Clans sounded medieval.
“That is how we refer to ourselves, yes. You met Kieran. He hails from a clan near Southern California.” 
Figures, a surfer boy. 
Dad cleared his throat. “I’m friends with his father, Stephen.”
Confused, I glanced up at my dad. “I thought you told me to stay away from Kieran. That he was dangerous.”
“Yes, well.” Dad shifted uncomfortably. “You see, I confronted Kieran. He swears that he didn’t use magic on you.”
“You believe him?” 
Dad shrugged. After I danced with Kieran at the club, we kissed. My emotions were such a mess that night, sorting them out was impossible. Maybe I couldn’t blame Kieran for what happened. My pulse jumped when I pictured his deep brown eyes and gorgeous, tan body. I was attracted to him, magic or not. “Do clans interact?”
“Sometimes,” Dad said. “Usually through marriage unions.”
 “Marriages are arranged?” 
Please say no, I thought. I love you, but I don’t want you picking my future husband.
“They used to be, but that hasn’t occurred in the last century. We’ve modernized.” He gestured for me to follow him down a stone hallway. It was cool and dry. Openings carved in the outer wall let in sunlight and fresh air. The walls were undecorated, not a tapestry in sight. The clean, smooth, gray stone was beautiful in its own way.
The hall emptied into a large chamber. A heavy, wooden table ran the length of one side, while comfortable chairs gathered around a large fireplace on the other. The room was empty save for one small, curly-haired figure, her nose in a book, her feet tucked up underneath her.
“Ula!” I cried. 
She ran over and hugged me before pulling back to kiss both of my cheeks. “I’m so glad to see you.” She took my hands in hers. “How was your journey?”
“Good,” I said. “Uneventful.”
Ula looked over my shoulder at my dad and smiled. “You made good time.”
“She’s a natural,” he said from behind me, his voice full of pride.
Ula pulled me to the chair next to hers. “Sit and warm yourself. I’m sure you’re tired.” 
I didn’t think so, but once she said it, my muscles quivered and my eyelids grew heavy. Maybe I could rest for a while. I sank into the chair, kicking off my shoes and tucking my legs under me. It was very comfortable.
“Perhaps Meara would like some food and a drink?” Ula looked at my dad expectantly. He raised an eyebrow in reply, waited a moment, then sighed and left the room. 
“Boys,” Ula whispered once he was gone, and then added louder. “I sent the others away for now. I thought you might need a few minutes to yourself before you meet them all.”
I nodded sleepily. “How many live here?”
Ula tilted her head and considered. “With the birth of the triplets—”
“Triplets?”
“Mmm… yes. They’re quite a handful. Um, that would make it, ninety-seven.”
“That many people live here?” I straightened in my chair and took in the room. “And they all fit?”
“It’s a big castle,” Ula said. “It’s built into the rock, so it appears smaller than it is. This is one of three gathering halls. The smallest.”
I was tempted to explore, but my eyes wouldn’t cooperate. They were barely slits. Ula laughed. 
“Stop fighting it, Meara.” She patted my knee. “Rest. I’ll stay right by your side and when you wake, we’ll explore together.”
That was the last thing I heard before I surrendered to sleep.
****
I stretched the stiffness out of my muscles. Considering we crossed the Atlantic, keeping a steady swimming pace, I wasn’t too sore. The fireplace cast the room in dancing shadows. How long had Ula let me sleep? Her chair was empty, but I heard footsteps in the hall. A moment later, she peeked around the corner, eyes full of mischief and hair a riot of curls like always. It was good to see her again; I missed her. My dad had told me she returned home after my mom’s funeral, and the months that passed afterwards were difficult without her. She’d become one of my closest friends and understood me better than most.
“Feel better?” She carried a tray into the room and set it on the table before me. My stomach rumbled in reply. “David brought food earlier, but I didn’t want to wake you and it grew cold.” She uncovered the plate. “I hope you like salmon.”
My mouth watered as the savory scent hit my nose. The grilled salmon rested on a bed of wilted greens. I picked up subtle notes of basil and lemon. It was something I’d expect from a fancy restaurant, not a stone fortress on an island in the middle of nowhere. 
“You made this?” I asked between mouthfuls. Being a vegetarian, I was surprised she cooked fish, but this was fantastic. The texture of the salmon was delicate, but the flavor intense. I tasted the fresh green of basil, the tang of citrus, velvety butter, and a spice I couldn’t identify. Would all food seem richer to me now? If so, I hoped being a Selkie meant a fast metabolism.
“No. My brother,  Padraic.” She laughed. “Paddy’s the chef of the family.”
“He cooks for everyone here?” I wondered if my uncle would be able to show me a trick or two. I couldn’t even heat spaghetti sauce without burning it. My grandma learned early last summer to keep me out of the kitchen unless it was time to eat.
Ula shrugged and settled into her chair. “He has a staff, and we all pitch in at times. No one is solely responsible for meals, although David is in charge of Ronac as a whole.”
“In charge—?” I let my question hang unspoken. 
Ula nodded. “Of everything. He’s like our leader, I suppose you’d say.”
I knew my dad was the oldest in his family, but I had no idea he was in charge of everyone, almost one hundred people. No wonder Ula said he was powerful. 
“Who handled things while he was gone?” A year was a long time to be without your leader.
“Angus took over,” Ula said. “He’s our great-great uncle. He led the clan before my dad, and before David.” Under her breath, she mumbled something. I thought I caught “crotchety” and “goat”.
“What did you say?”
Her cheeks flushed slightly. “Oh, nothing.” 
I ate the rest in silence, noting the texture variations between the fish and vegetables. It was a new experience to be so aware while eating. This was a sensory feast. I was almost disappointed when I ate the last bite. It didn’t feel right to ask for seconds.
Ula glanced at my empty plate, and then sprang from her chair. “Ready for that tour?”
“Sure. Let’s go.” I uncurled my legs and stood, taking a moment to stretch and assess. My muscles were sore, but no worse than a good workout. I had no idea what to expect, but I didn’t think I would feel so much like me. Except calmer, much calmer. The pull of the ocean was one of comfort now, not anxiety.
Ula led me through a doorway in the back of the room. It was hidden behind a partial stone wall, and I hadn’t noticed it before. It emptied into a hallway, and she turned to the right. 
“We’ll start in our family wing,” Ula explained. “It’s on the second floor.”
We passed several closed doors before the hallway ended. To the immediate left was a stairwell, and I realized it was one of the towers I’d seen from the outside. I followed her up the stairs, which emptied into another stone hallway. This one was dimly lit by sconces, not windows. Doors lined the hall.
“Bedrooms,” Ula said when she saw me looking. Halfway down the hall, she stopped at a door and opened it. She stood back to let me in. “This is my room.”
Her room was bright and colorful. Scattered throughout were beanbag chairs in red, blue, and yellow, each covered in a soft, fuzzy fabric. Tie-dyed material draped along one wall to hide the gray stones. A large, shag carpet covered the floor, and a bookcase full of well-worn novels stood beneath the two large windows.
“It’s great,” I said. She had a wonderful view of the rocky shore. When I looked at her books, I saw many of my favorites.
“Feel free to borrow any that you like.” She smiled at me. “There’s a study upstairs with more books. You’re welcome to those as well.”
“Thank you.”
She hesitated a moment before asking, “Would you like to see your room now?”
“I have a room?” My heart surged with a sudden sureness that I belonged here. This was family, more than I’d ever known.
Ula grinned. “Of course you do. David asked Brigid and me to get it ready for you. I hope you don’t mind.”
I thought of my aunt Brigid and her cold, violet eyes. “Brigid helped decorate my room?”
Now, Ula laughed. “As if I’d let her. Do you like the Goth look?”
“Um—”
“I didn’t think so.” Ula shut her door behind us, and we continued down the hall. “She was more than happy to let me take care of it.” She paused outside the last door in the same hall. Just past it was another stairwell. Another tower.
“The end rooms are slightly bigger,” Ula said. “David insisted you have this one. It was his as a child.”
She opened the door, and I gasped. The room was beautiful, all soft greens and blues. It reminded me of the sea on a calm day. A bed covered in pillows of all shapes and sizes was centered on the long wall. A small dresser had my picture frame and other personal items already on it. A bookshelf, the twin of Ula’s, sat under the windows. Its top was covered with fat candles, casting the air with the light scent of vanilla, though they were unlit. The shelves held a few books.
Ula saw me looking at the titles. “I added some that I remembered from your room,” she said. “Though you can certainly expand your collection.” When I looked at her, my eyes filled with tears. She frowned. “You hate it.”
I shook my head and sobbed harder. “I love it,” I finally managed. “It’s one of the nicest things anyone has ever done for me.”
Ula crossed to me and pulled me into her arms. She was slightly shorter than I was, but I still felt comforted. Who knew I had such a great aunt?
“We want you to feel welcome here,” she said as she stepped back.
“I do,” I answered honestly. “Thank you.”
She wiped her eyes, and I realized she was just as affected by all of this as I was. She tugged my hand. “Come on, we still have lots to see.”
We finished the tour of the second floor. The halls connected, resulting in a floor plan that made a large square. Each corner emptied into a stairwell, the inner portion of the floor contained the second of the common rooms.
“This one is exclusive to our family,” Ula said. “There are two more areas for the rest of the clan in the cliffs.” When I asked how much family we had, Ula told me not to worry. I’d meet them all later, and I’d already met the scariest of the bunch, which was Brigid. I laughed and wondered at Ula’s ability to make me feel so at ease.
“We’ll go up now,” she said. “The top floor belongs to David and Angus, but that’s where the study is, too.”
“Is my dad in his room?” I hadn’t seen him since he brought me to Ula. Judging by the darkening sky, that was several hours ago.
“Probably not,” she said. “I’m sure he went to see the others. We’ll go there next.”
I nodded and tried to calm my jumpy stomach. I was nervous about meeting everyone. I had no idea that so many Selkies existed, let alone would live together on this island. How would the others feel about me? Would they accept me as one of their own? Ula didn’t seem worried, and for that reason, I thought maybe I should just let it go. She’d tell me if I had a reason to be scared.
We didn’t go into David’s quarters, but I could see they took up half the third floor. Angus’ quarters were about half the size of David’s, and the remainder of the floor was the study, which we did go into.
My eyes widened when I entered the room. The last time I’d seen that many books was in a library. Books, maps, and globes crowded the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves that surrounded the room. There were no windows in here, but it was well lit nonetheless. Throughout the center area were comfortable chairs and side tables.
“I spend a lot of time here,” Ula said. “By your reaction, I’m guessing you will, too.”
“It’s amazing,” I said, running my finger along the spines of several books. The collection was vast and eclectic.
“While I’d love to stay here now,” Ula said, “it’s time I take you to meet the others. Are you ready?”
I took a deep breath. Was I?
“They’ll love you, Meara.” Ula’s confidence reassured me. “Just like we do.”
I braced my shoulders. I could do this. “Lead the way.”






To John, Dori and Nate, I love you with all my heart. To my friends at Allwriters’ Workplace and Workshop, especially Michael and the Thursday night group, your support and feedback helped make Meara’s story into something better than I could imagine alone. To my wonderful publisher and fellow authors, I haven’t just found a place for my book, I’ve found a home. Thank you for everything! And last, to my friends and family who believed in me all these years and knew it was just a matter of time until I published a book. The time is now, and I hope you enjoy the story.

Continue reading here!




Kelly Risser knew at a young age what she wanted to be when she grew up. Unfortunately, Fairytale Princess was not a lucrative career. Leaving the castle and wand behind, she entered the world of creative business writing where she worked in advertising, marketing, and training at various companies.
She’s often found lamenting, “It’s hard to write when there’s so many good books to read!” So, when she’s not immersed in the middle of someone else’s fantasy world, she’s busy creating one of her own. This world is introduced in her first novel, Never Forgotten. Never Forgotten, a YA/NA Fantasy, will be released by Clean Teen Publishing in the Summer of 2014. 
Kelly lives in Wisconsin with her husband and two children. They share their home with Clyde the Whoodle and a school of fish.











For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us HERE.



My eternal thanks to my parents who told me I could be anything I wanted to be and to my husband and children who supported me enough to make it possible.



Kim grimaced as she gulped down the last of her stale diet coke. The lukewarm fluid slid down her throat like sweet, caffeinated dishwater. She glanced up at the clock and smiled. Only ten minutes left on her shift. A gut-wrenching cry echoed off the walls of room 121. It sounded like Nicole Taylor was making progress—either that or she had a really low threshold for pain. 
 “Drugs!” Nicole shrieked. “I need drugs!” Kim stepped under the muted lights of the plush room. Well, it was plush for a hospital anyway.
Nicole lay in a hospital bed, writhing in pain. Kim approached her, frowning. “Now Nicole, we talked about this. We are perfectly willing to provide an epidural. But it’ll cost you more.”
“I don’t care if I have to sell my soul!” she snarled. “I need drugs, now!” Sweat dripped down her forehead. Her face contorted and scowled so deeply that even a girl as pretty as this one had lost her girlish appeal in the throes of pain. 
“Well,” Kim said, “before we call the anesthesiologist, let’s see where you’re at.” She snapped on a pair of sterile gloves and checked to see how far Nicole was dilated. 
“Nicole, sweetie,” Kim gave a sympathetic smile. “I have good news and bad news. The good news is your pain will soon be over. The bad news is we don’t have time to give you an epidural. Your baby’s coming now.”
“What? But I…” Whatever she was about to say was lost in another groan that quickly turned to a roar of pain.
The nurse stepped into the hall, picked up the phone receiver, and punched a series of numbers. 
“Hello,” a warm male voice answered. “This is Dr. Bloomberg.”
“Doctor, this is Kim in maternity. I have a patient that’s fully dilated and ready to start pushing.”
“And you couldn’t have told me sooner?”
“I’m sorry, she progressed faster than we expected.”
He sighed heavily. “I’ve almost forgotten what hot food tastes like.”
“You and me both.” 
His chuckle filled the phone. “Comes with the job, I suppose. I’ll be right there.”
Kim was about to walk back to the room when Amanda stepped off the elevator. “Anything interesting happen tonight?” she asked in way of a greeting.
Kim shrugged. “Oh, you know. The usual. Room 121 is where the action is right now. A nineteen-year-old patient is fully dilated and ready to push. Dr. Bloomberg is on his way and I was just about to go in, but if you don’t mind….” 
“No problem.” Amanda smiled and hurried to assist the patient, who was once again screaming.
Kim stepped behind the nurse’s station and snatched her purse.
“Kim!” 
Kim dropped her purse. “I’m coming.” 
When Kim stepped through the door, she could see immediately what the issue was. The baby’s head bulged out—slick, shiny, and ready to pop into the world. 
The patient growled, her face crimson red. 
“No, no, don’t push yet,” Amanda screeched and then looked desperately toward Kim.  
Kim sighed. “Relax, Amanda,”
“Where’s Dr. Bloomberg?” she whispered.
“He’s on his way, but until he gets here, we are it.”
“I’ve never actually delivered a baby before…” 
“Hello ladies.” Dr. Bloomberg smiled as he lumbered through the door. He looked at the patient. “Well, well, you weren’t kidding when you said she was about to deliver.” 
He quickly snapped on gloves, slipped on a gown, and approached the soon-to-be mother, who was huffing and puffing. “Hello Nicole, I’m Dr. Bloomberg.” He spoke as if he had all the time in the world. “I see you’ve already done most of the work. Now just relax until the next contraction starts, okay? Then you can push as hard as you can.”
Nicole nodded vigorously. 
Kim used this opportunity to leave. With Dr. Bloomberg there, Nicole Smith was in good hands. 
Kim gathered her purse, picked up a handheld mirror at the nurse’s station, and cringed at her reflection. She ran her fingers through her hair and pulled out her keys. A loud, audible gasp and noisy thump stopped her in her tracks. What in the world?
She was already sprinting toward the room when Dr. Bloomberg called, “Kim! We need you in here.”
Amanda lay in a heap on the floor. Kim rushed to her side, dropped to her knees, and felt for a pulse—strong and a little fast. “What was wrong with…?”
“She’s fine,” Dr. Bloomberg interrupted. “She just had a shock. Now, I don’t want you to panic either.” He turned toward her, holding a tiny, squirming bundle in his hands. The squeaky cries of a newborn came from under the blanket. “And I need you to do everything I say, exactly as I say it, okay?”
This was weird. “Okay,” she answered tentatively.
“I have to take care of the mother, so I’ll need you to take the baby. Now listen to me closely.” He narrowed his eyes, looking very serious—intent. “Go to the nursery, put the baby in a bassinet, and then, once she’s safely lying down, you can open the blanket to care for her. Is that clear?”
Kim’s heart sank. There was something seriously wrong with this infant. She nodded, looked at the tiny, squirming bundle, and took it in her arms. When the baby was safely cradled against her chest, she looked up at the doctor, desperate for reassurance. His back was already to her as he worked on the mother. As she left the room, she could hear the mother sobbing. 
Kim looked down at the bundle. She could do this. She’d been a nurse for ten years. There wasn’t much she hadn’t seen. Her heart pounded as she neared the nursery. She wondered what she’d find under the blue and pink folds.  Well, whatever the problem was, it must not be life threatening or the doctor wouldn’t have told her to take it to the nursery.
She stepped into the room; the braying cries of other newborns surrounded her. The nearest empty bassinet was pink. Was this baby a boy or girl? Did the doctor say? She couldn’t remember.
She lay the bundle in the bed and let the baby squirm as she worked up the nerve to open the blanket. Would the baby have a severely deformed face? She’d seen a baby born with no facial features, only holes for a nose and mouth. That’d been pretty shocking.
Perhaps this was something she’d never seen. Maybe this was an oddly conjoined twin—like one head with two faces. Good grief, her imagination was running away from her. This baby couldn’t be as bad as that.
She gently pulled the blanket so it slid away from the baby’s face. A pudgy cheek immerged followed by two beautiful blue eyes and shaggy black hair. A perfect little face looked up at her. She sighed in relief. Okay, this was the face of a normal little baby. The problem must be with the body.
Perhaps the babe was born with sirenomelia—legs fused together. That would be shocking to see.
This time Kim decided to just pull the blanket away quickly—get it over with. She tugged the blanket back, expecting to be surprised. Instead, she sighed in relief. 
Thank heavens. 
She smiled—proud she’d predicted the problem. This baby was born with sirenomelia. What were the odds in guessing that right? Maybe she should take a trip to Vegas.
Her eyes popped open wide and her heart stopped when the baby once again squirmed. Dots swam in her vision as she sank to the floor. She had to be seeing things. It couldn’t be.
She took two deep breaths and steeled herself. She was a nurse. She was not allowed to get woozy at an unusual malformation. It was, wasn’t it? She looked again and doubt filled her mind. This was not simply two legs fused together. Legs, fused or not, do not move like that. But it had to be a deformity. Of that, she was certain. One fact blared in her mind, proving her right. And that fact was this… There are no such things as mermaids.



~Deep in the Mediterranean Sea—Twenty Years Later~

Xanthus could taste the blood of a human in the seawater. He clenched his fists and swam faster, determined to reach his destination in time. His powerful tailfin drove him forward as he speared a path through the water.
 Beams of sunlight danced over the ancient, stone road—the glow slightly dimmer than moments before. Nightfall approached. The high walls of deep ravine towered above and lined the path. Darkness seeped from the jagged rocks in the cliff walls, filling crevasses with blackness as shadows stretched across the highway. The stones on the path peaked from under the sand and silt, showing Xanthus the way to Atlantis.
Atlantis was the road’s destination, not his. 
The gorge widened, opening into a clearing as the rocky walls disappeared into the darkness. Silt swirled, clouding the seawater. The sharp, mineral taste of human blood washed over his tongue—stronger and thicker. A hum of voices signaled he’d reached his destination. As he moved forward, the voices rose in volume. A roar of outrage ignited other angry voices churning in the water. Through the haze, a mob came into view. 
A snarling voice pierced the sea. “Gut the human and let it watch as we feed its entrails to the sharks!” 
Xanthus headed straight into the crowd, shoving his way through a sea of grey tailfins and muscled arms.
Another voice raged. “Tear it apart, piece by piece. We all deserve a souvenir. I want its scalp.”
From a distance, another voice said, “I want its heart.”	
Xanthus pushed two fellow Dagonians apart and came face to face with one of the most fearsome and deadliest soldiers in the sea—Kyros Dionysius. 
“Xanthus, thank the gods you’re here,” Kyros said. “Your brother’s crossed the line this time.”
“Gael? What did Gael do?”
“He pulled a human off a dock. It wasn’t even in the water!”
“I’d heard rumors...” Xanthus shook his head. “I didn’t want to believe them.” 
Xanthus looked at the crowd. His older brother knew the punishment for this act—imprisonment. At least it used to be. In reality, Xanthus doubted his brother would ever see the inside of a prison cell. After the recent slaughter of Dagonians in the South Pacific, Gael would likely be hailed as a hero for this act. It didn’t matter to the Dagonians that the humans didn’t know what they’d done. The humans had no idea they even existed.
Xanthus caught sight of the air-filled sphere holding the prisoner. It rocked back and forth by the chaotic movements of the Dagonians swimming around it. Six strong soldiers held on to the ropes tethering it down and about twenty other soldiers kept the crowd at bay. 
The sphere was smaller than Xanthus had expected. Dirt and blood smeared the inside, making it difficult to see in. As he moved closer, his stomach sickened when he got a look at the human. A small woman cowered in the center of her prison; tear-smeared dirt caked her battered face. 
One Dagonian rushed between the solders, bared his teeth, and roared. The soldiers pulled him back as the woman screamed and scrambled against the far side of the chamber. To say she was frightened would be a gross understatement. A Dagonian mother seeing her only child in the jaws of a kraken couldn’t have been more terrified.
“Ah ha, the Nightmare of the Deep has arrived.” Gael smiled as he approached Xanthus. “So glad you could join us. Are you ready to live up to your name, brother?”
Xanthus pounded his fists against Gael’s chest, shoving him back. “What are you doing?”
“What do you think I’m doing?” Gael snarled and pushed back. “I’m dealing out justice.” 
 “Justice? Why? What did this human do?” 
“You dare ask that question while the flesh of three thousand Dagonians rot in the South Pacific?”
“Yes, I dare.”
Gael looked at Xanthus, disgust oozing off him. “The humans are a plague. They’ve overrun the planet. They’ve poisoned our seas. We can no longer stay down here and pretend they don’t exist.”
“There are better ways to handle this. Torturing and killing this woman will accomplish nothing.”
“Wrong!” Gael shouted. “This is the best preparation I can give my men for the war to come. I can’t have them hesitate to kill any human—man, woman, or child. I chose this human because she’s a female, she’s beautiful, and she made the mistake of throwing her trash into our sea. And that’s what every human has done—you can’t deny it. They’ve dumped so much garbage down here they’ve poisoned our homes. We are forced to swim in their filth. She’s as guilty as the rest and she’s going to suffer sorely for her transgression.” Gael neared the sphere and sneered. “There’ll be no quick and easy death for this wretched creature.”
Xanthus continued to scowl at his brother, saying nothing. 
Gael turned back to Xanthus. “So what do you think I should do? Petition the gods?”
“That’s exactly what I’ve done,” Xanthus said. “I sent a message to the Guardian. I have every intention of ending this war before it begins.” 
Gael laughed. “Triton? What a waste. He hates us. Even if he does answer you, it will mean your death. You’re such a fool.” Gael turned from his brother, raised his fists to the crowd, and shouted out as the mob cheered him. 
Xanthus looked back on the woman with pity. She was not supposed to die. Only humans who presented a threat for Dagonian discovery were marked for imprisonment or execution. Xanthus had captured and executed many humans himself over the years. Those kills had been justified—this death was not. At least it hadn’t been. This woman just happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. But now that she was here, Xanthus could do nothing for her.
Her eyes locked on his. “Please help me,” she said. “Don’t let them hurt me.”
This human seemed smart enough to recognize pity. Xanthus didn’t answer her. For him to nurture hope would be futile. He could give her no hope.
“This has to be a nightmare,” she said. “Mermaids are supposed to sing songs, sit on rocks, and comb their hair. You’re all just monsters.”
Thank the gods the Dagonians surrounding her didn’t understand her language. Xanthus was one of only a few Dagonians in the sea that could. It was a good thing for this human. If there was anything a Dagonian hated more than a human, it was a Mer. 
“Don’t kill her,” a voice shouted. “Make her suffer. Make her suffer until she begs for death, and then make her suffer more.”
“Yes! Make her suffer,” they all echoed.
Gael shouted, “She will suffer! I will see to it she suffers a much as any being can without causing death. Once she’s given us all the satisfaction her misery can bring, then and only then, we will kill her. And her death will be the first of many.”
“Death to the humans!” a voice called out. A wave of voices caught the wake of that plea—the whole crowd shouting and shaking their fists. “Death to the humans, death to the humans, death to the humans…”
Xanthus’s jaw clenched and his lips curled in disgust. They were acting like monsters. He looked back to the woman. She sat, wrapped her arms around herself, and sobbed.
As Xanthus approached her, she crawled up onto her knees and pressed her bloodied hands against the sphere. With desperation dripping from her quivering lips, she mouthed the words, “Help me, please.”
And so he did.
He released her. The sphere shattered and dissolved into the sea. The incoming seawater slammed into her body, the incredible force crushing her. She died instantly—her eyes forever open, forever pleading, and now forever void of life.
Xanthus turned away as the mob rushed in toward her. 
“They’re not going to like what you just did,” Kyros said, coming up from behind him. “We need to get you out of here.” 
 “Just where do you think you’re going?” Gael shouted.	
Xanthus turned and drew his sword. Gael and his soldiers were at Xanthus’s back, their weapons drawn.
“You have no right to detain us, Gael. We’re not the ones who committed a crime here,” Xanthus said.
“That’s not how I see it. You’ve interfered with my capture…”
“Your illegal capture,” Xanthus interrupted.
“That’s up for debate. Even now the counsel is arguing on whether they should allow us to kill all humans who venture into the sea.”
“That’s insanity,” Xanthus said.
“No. Insanity is letting the humans poison us as we die one by one, settlement after settlement.” Gael clenched his fists so tight, his knuckles shone white. His chest heaved and his face burned red. “I’m through arguing with you. If you’ve chosen not to side with your fellow Dagonians, then you’ve chosen to side with the humans. And you deserve to die.”
“You’d kill your own brother?” Kyros asked.
Gael snapped his head in Kyros’s direction. “If he’s aligned himself with the humans, he’s no brother to me.”
“I’ve not sided with the humans,” Xanthus said. “I’ve sided against you.” 
“Same thing,” Gael answered. He turned to his men. “Kill them. Leave their bodies for the sharks.” 
Kyros moved in next to Xanthus, ready to fight. At twenty-six against two, the odds weren’t good. He and Kyros were infinitely more skilled than any one of Gael’s men. But coming at them all at once? They might have a problem on their hands.
The sea began to spin and stir around them, forming a whirlpool. Gael’s men backed away, shouting in confusion. A loud clap, like the snapping jaws of a giant shark, pulsed through the water. Then light flashed.
A man stood before them on the dry sea floor in a column of air. The water rotated around him like a funnel. The man was well muscled, his eyes piercing, and his body glowed with unspeakable power. The winged sandals were a dead giveaway to his identity. This was Hermes, messenger of the gods. And the god’s eyes fell on Xanthus. 
“Xanthus Dimitriou?”
“Yes,” Xanthus answered.
“I have a message for you.” Hermes eyed the soldiers. He then looked back to Xanthus, smirked, and shook his head. “You are to report immediately to Triton’s palace.”
Hermes didn’t wait around for Xanthus’s answer, but disappeared in a flash of light as the sea slapped back together with a deafening crack.
Xanthus didn’t move—stunned by what just happened. True, he had petitioned Triton. But he never truly expected an answer. Triton hadn’t spoken to a Dagonian since they’d slaughtered the last of his merchildren two thousand years ago. Still, as newly appointed Guardian of the Sea, Triton should be informed of a gathering threat of war. 
Fear fluttered in Xanthus’s chest when he wondered if his brother was right. Would this meeting mean his death?
Xanthus looked back to the soldiers who, just a moment ago, were ready to massacre them. They looked just as astonished as he felt. When Xanthus and Kyros moved forward, the soldiers didn’t utter a word of protest, but cast their eyes down and parted. One threat of death averted, on to another.
When they were a fair distance away, Kyros spoke. “Is there something you haven’t told me?”
“I didn’t think it worth telling.”
“You summoned a god and didn’t think it worth telling your best friend?”
“I didn’t summon him, I petitioned him. There’s a difference.”
“Not much difference. Summoning Triton would have gotten you killed immediately. Petitioning him will buy you another hour or so before he strikes you down.”
“He won’t strike me down.”
“Oh really. And why not?”
“Because my cause is just.”
A short, hard laugh burst from Kyros just before a scowl settled on his face and he shook his head. “You may be older than me, but those years didn’t do much to add to your wisdom.”
“I’m not ignorant of Triton’s hatred toward us, but he’s also honorable. His position demands he listen to me. I’m going to offer to appeal to the humans. They must be reasoned with. They must stop their attack on our seas. It’s the only way to save them.”
“So you want to save the humans?” Kyros asked. “Even after they polluted our seas and killed over three thousand Dagonians?” 
“It’s not only the humans I’m worried about. A war won’t solve anything. There are six billion people living on the surface. Our numbers aren’t even close to matching that. “
“Perhaps. But physically, we have the advantage.” Kyros flexed his impressive muscles.
“True, but how many of us will die? Thousands? Millions? They’ve already killed three thousand of us, and they didn’t even know they’d done it.”
 “Well, you do what you need to do to stop this war. I, for one, will be spending more time at the training fields. Still, if you can convince Triton to join your side, anything’s possible. Just be careful. Gods are rarely reasonable and quick to strike.”
“I’ll be fine,” Xanthus said. 
Kyros turned and opened his mouth to argue. Instead, he pursed his lips together and gave a quick nod.



The Castle of Triton rose in the distance—a colossal fortress with many tall turrets, arched buttresses, and massive windows. Hundreds of sharks circled above and around the castle, guarding their master inside. 
As Xanthus neared, five of the larger sharks broke rank and charged toward him. Their gaping mouths sneered, ridged with sharp, dagger-like teeth. Xanthus’s steel muscles clenched, prepared for battle. 
The sharks stopped just out of striking distance, effectively blocking his approach to the castle. Their eyes pierced him, oozing a deep and loathing hatred. The most frightening shark hovered in the middle, flanked by the others. Half his face was missing. The horrific injury had healed, leaving pink and grey flesh knitted together, knarled and misshapen. How could he have survived such a severe injury? 
A thundering concussion pounded through the water. The rumbling sound formed words. “Let the Dagonian pass.” A shudder went through Xanthus at that menacing voice.
The sharks hesitated a moment before parting. Still, they continued to glare at him. Xanthus readied himself to respond in case any of the guards decided to attack. An assault would be unlikely; given it must have been Triton who had ordered them to back off. But with so much anger and vicious hatred directed at him, Xanthus held his defensive posture as he approached the castle.
A massive, grey leviathan clung to the side of the building. His mountainous bulk and countless tentacles snaked over the surface. Xanthus searched for the castle door. He circled the entire building but still couldn’t see any sign of an entrance. Finally, he puzzled it out. The leviathan had to be covering it. He scowled at that realization. Surely, he wasn’t expected to fight the thing. The creature might look soft, but inside that gelatinous body lurked a razor-sharp beak so large and powerful it could snap him in two. Xanthus might be able to slice off a tentacle or two during the fight, but in the end he’d still be dead and the injured leviathan’s tentacles would grow back in a matter of months.
The monster’s great eyes fixed on him as he moved toward the creature. When Xanthus swam close enough to touch him, the tentacles slithered back, revealing a gigantic door. One thick tentacle pushed the door open, generating a low, thundering rumble. Xanthus focused on the door as he tried to ignore the monstrous, fleshy archway he passed under. 
Darkness enveloped him as he swam into an immense hall. A kaleidoscope of faintly luminescent stone framed great tapestries along the walls. He swam above an intricate mosaic map of all the oceans and seas. It covered the entire floor of the vast room. Near the back of the hall, high branches of black coral cradled an enormous throne. His eyes widened at what looked like fire-lit torches—something he’d seen pictured in a book of human lore. 
Double doors slammed open at the back. A figure entered wearing a hard, stony glare. Firelight glinted across roped muscles and a mighty tail. His blond hair and trimmed beard swaying in the water did nothing to soften his scowl. 
There was no doubt that King Triton had entered the room. 
Xanthus’s eyes widened in shock. Triton looked like a Dagonian. 
“Xanthus Dimitriou?” Triton’s deep voice rumbled.
“I’m at your command, Sire.” Xanthus bowed before he neared the throne, careful to maintain a respectful distance.
“Before I give you any command, you will answer me this one question. Are you courageous or stupid?” The god’s furious blue eyes reflected the fire of the torches. Xanthus felt as if he were staring into the burning pit of Tartarus. His first impression couldn’t have been more wrong. Triton was nothing like a Dagonian. With the tail of a tiger shark, fiery eyes as blue as the sea, and the temperament of a raging typhoon, Triton’s presence oozed powerful, menacing god.
Still, Xanthus answered without hesitation. “I am courageous, Majesty.” 
“Do you not know the hatred I bear toward you Dagonians? You slaughtered my children, my grandchildren—all my beloved merchildren!” Triton’s voice boomed.
“Yes, Sire. I know.” Xanthus wanted to say that he had not been part of the slaughter and the Dagonians had had no choice but to act on Poseidon’s command but Xanthus felt Triton’s unspoken demand that the Dagonians shoulder the blame for the destruction of his children. Xanthus bowed his head, astonished to see Triton’s rage still fresh and fierce, even after two thousand years. 
Xanthus steadied his breath and forced the fear bubbling inside to melt away. He could not forget his reason for coming. His mission was more important than the life of one Dagonian. And regardless of how fierce Triton acted or the fact he could kill Xanthus with a single glance, Triton was also honorable. Xanthus just needed to appeal to that side of the god and do it before Triton struck him dead.
“Yet,” Triton continued, “you come to me, your enemy, to request permission to venture among the humans and appeal to their good natures. Not only that, but you expect me to impart some of my own power to make this travel possible?”
“Yes, Sire,” Xanthus spoke firmly.
 “You expect much, Dagonian.” He paused, eyeing Xanthus. “Answer me this. How many souls have you sent to Hades?”
Xanthus tensed. What reason did Triton have to ask this question? “Over a hundred Dagonians, Sire, not including the ones I sent to Panthon prison and have since died there.”
“And the humans?”
“Twenty-six… No wait, after today, twenty-seven.”
Triton narrowed his eyes. “Do you think to redeem your soul from Tartarus by this journey?” 
“No, Sire, I have nothing to redeem myself from. Those I sent to Hades were predators preying on the innocent. And the humans were… necessary.”
Triton pondered in silence for several long moments. “So now you want to save them both—Dagonians and humankind alike. Do you truly think one man can make a difference? You think you can convince the entire human race to stop poisoning our seas?”
“I think it’s worth trying, Majesty,” Xanthus answered, his voice ringing with conviction.
Triton narrowed his eyes as he studied Xanthus. The god’s scowl loosened slightly. “You’re nothing like your father.” Triton let that statement settle for a moment before he spoke again. “You remind me of Elsia.”
Xanthus’s brows furrowed. Who was Elsia? 
“You were never told about her, were you?” Triton sighed, his eyes saddened by the burden of old memories. “Elsia was my daughter, twenty-seventh child born to me three-thousand four-hundred and fifty-seven years ago. She was unique among my children—sweet, loving, and very strong willed. She decided to show all the Mer that the Dagonians were good, loving beings at heart. My daughter was a foolish mermaid. She even married a Dagonian and had a daughter named Xanthippe.”
Xanthus’s eyes widened. “My grandmother?”
Triton nodded. “Merblood flows strong in your veins.” He closed his eyes and sighed. “I can feel it.” 
Triton took a deep breath, straightened his spine, and spoke the next words with authority. “I’ll grant you your request—under one condition. First, you’ll travel to the surface and find the human criminals responsible for poisoning the Dagonian South Pacific settlements of Calysos and Thebora. The city of Honolulu, Hawaii seems to be either the origin or place of transfer for the poisons. When you find the guilty humans, you will stop them from further dumping their poisons. Then you will send the guilty to me—alive if possible.” 
“Yes, of course, Sire.” 
“If you are successful, I will allow you one more year to do as you will. Convince the humans, if you can. But I wish to emphasize two very important rules you must understand and always abide by. First, do not let the humans discover what you are. If they do, you must see that they cannot betray our secret to others. Second, do not meddle in their lives unless their actions affect you or the creatures of the sea directly. Otherwise, leave them to their fate.”
“Yes, Sire.” 
 “I give you a month to prepare.” Triton said. “It’s a short time for such a task, and you have much to do before you’re ready to walk among the humans. Study them, prepare your affairs, and make necessary arrangements. I will do what I can to help. You will return here in one week and stay to train for the remainder of your time. But before you leave today, I have a gift for you.” Triton rose. “Come closer.”
Xanthus approached the god with trepidation. Being this close to so much power intimidated and overwhelmed him. Triton laid his heavy hands on Xanthus’s head. Xanthus felt heat building under the god’s palms until white-hot waves of pain washed from his head down to the end of his tail. He nearly jerked away, but held still and absorbed the searing pain in agony. It lasted only a minute and then, to his relief, the pain faded. Despite the incredible agony he’d endured only a moment before, Xanthus felt strong and alert.
Triton removed his hands. “There. Now you have the power you’ll need.”
Xanthus wondered—confused at what power he’d been given. Regretfully, Triton didn’t feel compelled to enlighten him. 
Xanthus bowed. “Yes, Sire, thank you. And I will honor all your wishes, Majesty.” 
“I don’t doubt it. Now go and prepare. I’ll send for you in a week’s time.” 
Xanthus bowed again and left. 
As Xanthus put distance between himself and the castle, he felt as if a weight were being lifted off his shoulders. The cool current washed away the stifling sorrow. Triton was one seriously tormented god.
Xanthus wondered what further training he would need in order to prepare for this assignment. After all, he’d been preparing for this his whole life. He’d read every human book he could get his hands on, interviewed countless humans at Panthon prison, even volunteered on every human capture that came his way. The only other Dagonian that had as much experience with humans was his brother, Gael. 
Gael wanted to destroy them. Xanthus wanted the Dagonians and humans to respect each other’s right to exist peacefully. His job seemed impossible, given that he had to convince the humans to stop polluting the seas without revealing the existence of the Dagonians. But then, things of great importance never come easy.
Xanthus spotted Kyros just outside the castle perimeter. 
Kyros rushed forward. Laughing, he slapped Xanthus on the back. “You made it out alive.”
“Barely.”
“So you’re going to live with the humans?” 
“For at least a year. I leave in a month’s time.” 
Kyros shook his head in disbelief. “I’ve never understood your fascination with them. They are horrible, disgusting creatures.” 
“What you know about humans comes from Nereid tales, not facts.” 
“Well, you do what you need to do.” Kyros scratched behind his ear. “I’m just glad it’s not me having to live with them. I don’t think I could stomach it.”
“They’re really not so bad. I shouldn’t have much trouble as long as I can blend in. My biggest problem may be my size. Triton might be able to give me legs, but Dagonians are larger than humans.”
“And you’re larger than the average Dagonian,” Kyros said.
“Right.” Xanthus nodded. “I also need to consider human male fashion. From what I’ve learned, the clothing they wear indicates status.”
“Their males have fashion? That’s ridiculous. Covering the body is for females, although I think that it would be better if our females didn’t cover themselves. I’d have an even greater appreciation for the dance of the Dagonian maidens.”
Xanthus laughed.
“Speaking of maidens…” Kyros swished to a stop. “Mmm. Nothing smells better than a fertile female.” His eyes glazed over as a smile pursed his lips. 
Xanthus shook his head as his friend drifted toward a modest stone home. Two large warriors positioned themselves at the entrance in order to discourage unwelcome suitors. 
“Too bad females are only fertile once a year.” Kyros breathed in the alluring smell.
Xanthus never understood how males could lose their minds around a female at her time. He’d guarded more females than he could count and he’d never had a problem resisting. Not that it didn’t affect him, but his control remained firmly in place at all times.
Kyros continued to drift toward the enticing scent. Xanthus put out his hand to stop him. “If you want to keep your male parts, I wouldn’t move any closer.”
Kyros jerked, shocked out of his stupor. The guards stared him down. “Sorry fellows,” he mumbled. “I was just uh… you know, passing by.”
Xanthus and Kyros remained silent until they were out of earshot of the guards. “You’ve got to learn to control your hormones,” Xanthus said. “Those warriors were more tolerant than I would have been. I’d have had my blade at your throat in a heartbeat.” 
“Yeah, well, you see. That’s how we’re different. I’m a lover, you’re a fighter.” 
“You’re a soldier, but you’ll end up a eunuch if you can’t control yourself.”	
“I’m a soldier by trade, a lover by heart.” Kyros pressed his hand to his heart and gave a sigh. Xanthus smiled and shook his head. His friend obviously still felt the effects of the pheromones. Xanthus knew Kyros would be appalled by his behavior later.
They soon reached the outskirts of Corin. In the distance, a massive air dome shimmered, nearly two leagues wide. Xanthus smiled, his mind filled with memories of his time at the academy. He’d been a master of air games. 
 “How about a race?” he asked Kyros.
“I don’t know,” Kyros said. “I’d hate to be the Dagonian who caused the Nightmare to lose his confidence.”
“You act as if you have a chance of beating me.” 
“You may be bigger and stronger, my friend, but I’m faster.” 
“I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but I’m not only bigger and stronger—I’m also faster.” 
They approached the shimmering wall, reached out their fingertips to just a hair’s width from the air, curled up their tails, and prepared to spring.
“You count us down,” Xanthus said. “I don’t want any excuses from you when I win.”
“Being in denial is just going to make losing worse. Okay, you ready?”
Xanthus nodded.
“Three, two, one…”
Like harpoons, they both pierced the air pocket and flew. Xanthus and Kyros raced neck and neck over the dry sand, the wall of water closing in just ahead. In a few short seconds, Xanthus expected to celebrate a victory while rubbing it in his best friend’s face. 
Pain hit him like an explosion. He roared as his body dove down, hitting the sandy floor. He flipped, somersaulted, skidded over the surface, and finally stopped, sprawled on the dry ground just inches from the water. The crash itself had been very painful, but Xanthus didn’t pay it even a passing thought as he writhed from the pain emanating from his tail. As he lay there, every muscle in his fin burned. His tail felt as if it were being ripped in two. Xanthus let out a roar as the pain peaked and then suddenly vanished.
“Xanthus, what happened to you?” Kyros rushed over. His eyes widened as his face drained of all color. “Oh Hades, I think I’m going to be sick.” Kyros slapped his hand over his mouth as he turned away, repulsed.
Xanthus shook with terror. He truly expected to find his tail ripped to bloody shreds. Reluctantly, he looked down. 
Great gods of the underworld, he had human legs. They were ugly, bulging, hairy appendages. He didn’t blame Kyros for his reaction. His own stomach twisted and churned at the sight. He didn’t know if it was the aftereffects of so much pain that caused it, or seeing the hideous legs that had replaced his magnificent tail. Then he thought about the power needed to accomplish this change. 
“Triton amazes me,” Xanthus said. “I must remember to thank him.”
Kyros turned toward him. “Thank him?” 
“Of course. You think I should ignore the importance of this gift given by the Guardian of the Sea? I’m lucky he’s even taken notice of me, much less given me this opportunity to breach the boundaries of our world and venture onto the surface.”
“Well, when you put it that way…” Kyros’s white face had a tinge of green and he avoided looking just below Xanthus’s waist. Xanthus avoided looking there too. Was he supposed to look like that? 
Xanthus removed the gold bands from around his biceps—the bands that kept him aloft when out of the water. He wanted to stand on these new feet of his. He struggled to raise his body off the ground. It couldn’t be too hard. If a human could do it, so could he. He placed his feet under his body, raised himself over his bent legs, and used all his strength to straighten them. His body shot up. He smiled, standing on his own two feet. His smile disappeared as he tipped over, crashing into the silt. Determined not to get discouraged, he tried again. This time, he swayed for about a second before he hit the sand. About a dozen tries later, he grumbled, “Hades, Kyros. This is harder than it looks.” Xanthus breathed heavily as he nursed his sand-burned palms and elbows.
“Well, you have a month to learn to walk on those hideous things before you travel to the surface, and from the looks of it, a month’s not enough time.” 
Xanthus growled. “I sure hope you’re wrong.”



~Hawaii—Six Months Later~

A fine mist of rain slicked over Sara, dampening her clothes as the wind plastered her hair against her face. With both hands occupied pushing her wheelchair, there wasn’t a thing she could do about it. She pursed her lips to keep her hair from getting into her mouth. 
Why oh why didn’t I notice how late it was? Grasping the cold metal rings on her wheelchair, she bumped over the buckled surface of the darkened parking lot.
She focused on the dilapidated building ahead. The dark shape loomed tall. Light flickered from a pole, high above. It cast knarled shadows on the already menacing building below, making the image worthy of any horror movie she’d ever seen. 
Sara scowled and grumbled. “Home sweet home.” 
She hated being out after dark, especially in her neighborhood. All around Oahu shined pristine neighborhoods—places where tourists poured out their money. But if one looked deeper, they’d find pockets of poverty. Sara lived deep in one of those pockets. Her tiny shoebox apartment gleamed as the one clean spot in her grimy, run-down building. She’d worked hard scrubbing the filth away as soon as she moved in two months ago. 
Cleaning her apartment was quite the reveal. It started out looking brown and grey, but after a thorough cleaning, she was left with oranges, greens, browns, and dirty yellows—compliments of the 60s. 
She didn’t have the luxury of being choosy about decor. She’d rented this apartment because it was the only place she could afford. Her meager earnings didn’t provide much in the ways of clean, modern style along with the privacy she required. 
She felt better if she thought about how bad it could be. A year ago, she’d lived with her mother. Anywhere was better than living with her.
Sara bumped over the curb onto the sidewalk. The blanket covering her chair billowed in the cool breeze. No worries there. It would take a hurricane to tear it loose. Her embarrassing deformity would remain hidden from the world. 
A creepy, crawly feeling tickled her spine. 
Someone’s eyes were on her. 
Sara’s looked around. She held her head still, careful not to turn it. She didn’t want whoever it was to know she was aware of their presence. She couldn’t see anything but the outline of cars behind a curtain of misted rain. Still, she started to freak. 
She jerked her wheelchair to a stop at the front door and yanked out her keys. Her hands were shaking so hard that they couldn’t move fast enough to settle her frantic mind. 
She almost dropped her keys as tires screeched in the street. A dark SUV had stopped in the middle of the road for no apparent reason—probably a drive-by shooter taking aim. Please, just let me get into my apartment and I’ll be safe.
“Sara, I’m surprised to see you out this late.” A voice emerged from the darkness. 
Sara squeaked out a cry as her heart catapulted against her chest wall. She breathed a sigh of relief as her friend stepped up beside her. “Oh, Gretchen, it’s you. You scared the life out of me.” 
“I’m sorry, sweetie.” Gretchen didn’t look at all surprised that she’d scared her—probably because she knew her so well. 
Sara finally got the key in the lock and turned it. As Gretchen pushed the door open for her, Sara glanced up. Gretchen stood as calm as a mountain lake on a windless night—her normal demeanor. At a very un-formidable height of five feet with a model-thin frame, Gretchen’s confidence must come from inside. 
Sara’s insecurities came mostly from her mother, who reinforced them on a daily basis. Now her mother was just a negative voice in Sara’s mind. Yeah, she’d tried to banish her from there, too, but it had been harder than expected.
A year earlier, Sara had left her mother to live on her own. A lot can happen in a year. Now Sara had her own place, a small, web-design business, and twenty-seven dollars in her checking account that needed to last for a little more than a week.
“I don’t know why you don’t just room with me,” Gretchen offered for the hundredth time. “I’m rarely home, you could work from there just as well as you work from here, and you wouldn’t have to deal with the scumbags.”
As if on cue, Sara saw her neighbor Slink slither out of his apartment. She had no idea what his real name was. Maybe his mother took one look at his face and decided the name fit. With his emaciated body and greasy black hair, it sure fit him now. 
Slink gave Sara a creepy smile and a once-over that made her anxious for a shower and scrub brush. Yeah, she wished she didn’t have to deal with the scumbags. 
“Gretchen.” Sara used her I-don’t-want-to-hear-it tone.
 “I know, I know. You and your space.” Gretchen followed Sara down the dark, narrow hallway. Sara held her breath as Slink passed her. She’d made the mistake of breathing in the putrid air from his wake once and had never forgotten it. 
“Sara, look, I think you ought to see Dr. Yauney. He’s very good. And he is completely discreet.”
Sara suppressed the urge to roll her eyes. “Is this about my legs or my mental health?” 
“Um, he’s the psychiatrist,” Gretchen answered softly, taking a quick glance at Slink’s retreating figure.
Sara opened the door to her apartment and, of course, Gretchen followed her inside without being invited in. Did no one teach this girl manners? 
“Dr. Yauney excels in treating phobias. You don’t have to work on all of them at once. Just pick one to start. You have a lot to choose from. Let’s see, you have a fear of water, doctors, strangers, a fear of people seeing your body, and… oh yeah, a relationship fear.”
“Relationship fear?” Sara raised one eyebrow. This one was new.
Gretchen picked up a handful of pretzels from a glass jar on the counter and popped one into her mouth. “Yes, relationship fear. When was the last time you went out on a date?”
Never, thank goodness. But of course, Sara didn’t say that out loud. 
“I know you get plenty of men checking you out,” Gretchen said. “You’re one gorgeous woman and completely oblivious to the attention you get from the opposite sex. You just need to flirt a bit. I think you should start with Ron Hathaway.” 
Sara raised her eyebrows. 
“I saw you checking him out,” Gretchen said. “He is quite delectable.” 
“You think half the men on the island are delectable. Besides, I’m happy with my life the way it is. I don’t need a boyfriend messing that up.” Sure, deep down, she wanted one, but a relationship was out of the question.
“You’re happy?” Gretchen looked doubtful.
“Yes, I’m happy.” Sara put on her best smile.
“You could’ve fooled me.”
Sara’s smile vanished. “Listen, my life has never been better. My web-design business is booming. Before long, I’ll be able to afford to rent a better place.” In a year or two or ten. She kept that part to herself. “I just wish you’d stop trying to fix me. There’s no fixing me.” 
“As long as you keep believing that…” 
“It’s true. So stop trying.”
Sara wheeled toward the refrigerator and grabbed a plate of leftover lasagna. She refused to offer Gretchen any. She didn’t even want her here. Well, okay, maybe she did after the scare in the parking lot, but she certainly didn’t want Gretchen hassling her.
Gretchen continued to munch on pretzels as she spoke between bites. “I can’t stop trying to help. You’re my best friend. Listen, I know you had a rough childhood, but that doesn’t have to damage you for life. With help, I know you can find a way to move beyond it. And whatever your legs look like, it can’t be as bad as you make them out to be. Good grief, you won’t even let a doctor see your legs.”
“I should have never told you that.”
“Well, you did and you can’t take it back.” 
“I don’t need anyone’s help. I can take care of myself. Listen Gretchen, I’m really tired. I’m going to turn in early. So…”
“Yeah, all right.” Gretchen shrugged away from the counter and stepped toward the door. “I’ll see you Tuesday. Remember, you promised to help me sew the drapes for my bedroom.” 
“I remember. Don’t worry, I’ll be there.” 
Gretchen glanced back. Disappointment showed in her smile as she slipped out the door. 
Sara sighed at the blessed silence. 
Less than an hour later, blanketed in darkness, she buried her face in her pillow and cried herself to sleep.



Xanthus gripped the steering wheel of his SUV so tightly that the leather squeaked and steel bent under the pressure. His nostrils flared at the scent in the air. It was unmistakable. 
It was impossible. 
His eyes darted around the dark, decaying neighborhood. Rain battered against crumbling buildings and piled-up garbage. Across a narrow parking lot sat a small figure in a wheelchair—a woman. Another woman strolled up behind her and startled her. They wasted no time before entering the building. 
It couldn’t be. He had to be mistaken. He may have been living here five months now but he could never forget or mistake that scent. A female Dagonian’s ripe fertility saturated the air. 
What the Hades was she doing here? Did she come here on her own? Of course she did. 
A horn blasted his eardrums. He cursed when he realized he sat parked in the middle of the street. He eased his SUV next to the curb and let the car pass. 
He had to find out what this little female was doing here. Actually, her reasons were irrelevant. There was no good reason she’d be here. He turned off his engine, opened his door, and stalked into the night. 
He approached the front door. Should he simply enter the building and knock? No, the other woman was there. He didn’t want any collateral damage. The human might be innocent, even if this particular Dagonian female wasn’t.
He circled around the darkened building and found the female’s window within minutes. Her scent blew through a gap in the old, splintered window frame. Sudden need hit him like a blow to the stomach. Her scent billowed thick in the air and it smelled different from what he’d expected. It had a sweet, earthy smell to it and it appealed to him much more powerfully than he remembered. In fact, despite his years of training, he had to make an effort to keep his attention on the task at hand.
He approached the window and attempted to peer inside. Heavy draperies made it impossible to see in. Resigned to the fact that he could not see her at this point, he pressed himself close to the window to listen in on the conversation. 
“Sara. Listen, I know you had a really rough childhood…” The human spoke. Her voice grated the way human voices do. 
“I should have never told you that.” Xanthus almost smiled when he first heard the musical lilt of the female. His near smile turned to a scowl as he realized the effect her voice had on him. He forced himself into predator mode, analyzing the criminal, looking for weaknesses. 
Her voice rose and fell in a quiet, singsong way. The Dagonian sounded young, like a female who had just emerged into womanhood, yet she had an amazing command of the language. Xanthus listened further. She had no distinguishable accent. In fact, she spoke better than he did and he’d been studying English for years. How long had she been here?
Xanthus heard the door shut as the human left.
He followed the Dagonian’s appealing scent as she moved to another room. He found it wafting from another window. That window proved just as visually impenetrable as the first one. She guarded well against prying eyes. 
He heard her rummaging about the room for several long minutes, and then heard running water. It almost drowned out the heartbreaking sound of her weeping. 
Almost.
Whatever her reasons for being here, she sounded miserable. 
He knew what he had to do, what he’d done countless times before. As a trained soldier, he had a sacred duty to protect his people, guard their secret, and uphold the law. This female’s presence here was not only a criminal act, but it also presented an imminent threat. And because of that, his course was clear. 
He had to kill her. 
His plan lay clearly before him. Blanketed in the shadows, he’d enter her apartment window. Moving silently, he’d strike fast. Before she could cry out for help, he’d have her throat slit wide open. With her blood flowing swiftly, she’d be dead in mere seconds. The fact that she bathed at this time added to the ease of the execution. Clean up would be simple. Before the night ended, it would be as if she’d never existed. The Dagonian threat of exposure would be wiped clean from the human world.
Xanthus stood, his feet rooted in place under her window. Her sweet scent surrounded him as he listened to her pitiful sobs. Then, in that moment, he did the most shameful thing he’d ever done in his life. 
He hesitated. 
No, he didn’t merely hesitate. He halted. Fingering his blade in his holster, he willed his feet to move, but they seemed unwilling to obey. Then his mind latched onto a thought. It was no crime to wait for a more opportune time or a more secluded place to strike. He didn’t need to act rashly. True, finding her here in the human world shocked him, but he needed to be clear-headed and sure when he killed her. 
He made his way back to his vehicle and climbed behind the wheel. He leaned his head back against the seat, closed his eyes, and attempted to clear his head. 
 He’d be back and she would die. She deserved to die. She may have the voice of an angel, but that was a lie. She was a traitor, a threat to their people. No other explanation made sense. 
He felt someone near just before a fist rapped on the glass. A big, filthy man with wild hair motioned for him to roll down his window. 
As soon as the glass lowered, the barrel of a high-caliber pistol poked inside. “Give me all your money and I won’t hurt you,” the man growled.
“Put away that gun and I won’t hurt you,” Xanthus said, his voice low and menacing.
The man didn’t seem too impressed. “Yeah man, right. You might notice I’m the one with the…” Before he got the words out, Xanthus had the gun out of the man’s hand and pointed back at his face with his windpipe clenched in his fist.
“Hey man, I was just joking,” the human choked out.
“Just walk away. And don’t come back. If I see your face anywhere near here again, I’ll kill you. Do you understand me?” 
The man’s eyes widened in fear. “Yeah, yeah, I hear you,” he said, just before Xanthus released him and he escaped into the darkness.
Xanthus looked toward the little female’s apartment building across the street. Could she have found a more dangerous place to live? He placed the gun in the glove compartment. He shouldn’t have let the gunman live. 
This Dagonian female probably felt at home with these bottom-feeders. 
Probably? Aw Hades. He cursed himself and the doubt in his mind. He doubly cursed that he couldn’t seem to stop himself from caring about her welfare. He’d be killing her himself, after all. The traitor had to die, regardless of his feelings and no matter how appealing she was. Of course if she died by a human’s hands then he wouldn’t… 
No. 
He shook his head at his own idiotic thoughts. If a human killed her, then her body would be taken to the morgue, for the humans to see. He couldn’t let that happen. He had to be the one to kill her and carefully dispose of her body. And he would, soon. 
Just not tonight.



The shrill ringing of the phone was Sara’s alarm clock at 6:47 AM. Oh how she wished it had a snooze button. 
“Hello,” she said, trying to project a smile through the receiver. A trace of scratchiness grated in her voice. She doubted the dolt who called her so early in the morning would notice.
“Sara, I hope I didn’t awaken you,” a deep, baritone voice hummed in her ear. Ron Hathaway—the guy Gretchen told her she’d been checking out. Well Gretchen was sort of right. Ron was a good-looking guy. Now if he’d just never open his mouth, they’d be a match made in heaven, except for the problem of her deformity. Perfect Ron would take one look at it and scream. 
“No, Ron, I’ve been up for hours now. What person in their right mind would want to still be asleep at 6:47 AM?” She always said ridiculous things just to see if he was listening.
“Well beautiful, it’s your lucky day.” Nope, not listening.
“How is it my lucky day, Ron?” Her tone held a sarcastic edge.
“My date cancelled for tonight.” 	
Lucky her.
“So I have in my possession,” he said, “an extra ticket to the Indigo Spire concert.” 
“No,” she gasped. Indigo Spire was her favorite band of all time. Darn her for always listening to her MP3 player and for not listening to the radio more often. She hadn’t even known they were coming in concert until they were sold out. “You only have one ticket? Gretchen loves them almost as much as me.”
“Well, I have one ticket for me and one for you, if you’d like to join me.”
“I didn’t even know you liked Indigo Spire.” Ron seemed more like the take-you-to-the-symphony type of guy. 
“Well, actually, I don’t care for the loud music, but…” 
“Well then, could I buy both tickets from you?” 
“Sara, I am trying to ask you on a date.”
“Oh.” Oh shoot, was more like it. She’d rather stab herself with an ice pick than go on a date with Ron Hathaway. Besides, because of her hideous defect, dating was normally not an option. She and her body were determined to stay out of the public eye. Translation—no relationships, possibly ever. But, Indigo Spire… She just had to go see them. And to see them she had to go on a date... with Ron Hathaway. 
Sara groaned.
“If you don’t answer me,” Ron said, “I’m hanging up.”
“No, no, don’t hang up. Um, what were you asking me?”
“I’m asking if you would accompany me to the concert tonight.” He enunciated each word in a clipped, annoyed voice. She’d better answer before he changed his mind.
“Yes.”
“Well then. Good. I’ll pick you up at seven.” The dial tone was his goodbye. He and Gretchen must have attended the same etiquette school.
A rumbling in her stomach told her that despite breakfast being an hour away, she was hungry. 
She swung her deformity over the edge of the bed and pulled down her long nightgown. She considered her breakfast options as she wheeled into the kitchen. Should she eat Fruit Loops or granola? Did she want to be healthy? Nope. No way. Not after speaking to Ron. She needed comfort food. 
A half an hour later, Sara pulled out her laptop. Her phone rang a moment later. Her heart rate picked up in that instant. Now she was excited to hear the phone. Because she had no real friends besides Gretchen, the options of people on the other end were limited. Perhaps it was a new client for her web business. She could sure use the money. 
“Hello, this is Sara.” 
“Hi Sara. This is Steve Rowling. I saw your picture in an advertisement and you look like the kind of girl I’d want to create the web page for my bowling alley.”
“Absolutely, Mr. Rowling, What do you have in mind?”	
An hour later, Sara started on Mr. Rowling’s new web page. She worked long and hard until late in the afternoon. When her eyes began to cross, she thought she should stop working before she became even more disabled than she already was. Besides, she had to get ready for a date. 
Ron didn’t say anything about dinner so she’d better feed herself before she went. She was ornery enough around Ron—add hunger to the mix and she might just have to kill him.
She ate, showered, primped, applied makeup, and put on her favorite blouse. She exchanged the blanket for a long skirt. She’d have to be lifted from her chair into Ron’s car for this date. Spandex wrapped over her defect and worn under her skirt would have to be enough to keep people from seeing it. Spandex had always worked before, but she never felt completely safe with it. It was too darn easy to take it off. 
A heavy knock on her door came at 6:59 PM. She opened the door and Ron stepped in. Sara had to admit he looked amazing. His brown, gelled hair looked rumpled, in a very planned and precise way. He was dressed in washed-out jeans. Under his black, fitted t-shirt, his muscles bulged and tapered down to a narrow waist. His blue eyes shone bright against his tanned face. 
He stepped up and looked her over. “Is that what you’re wearing?” Just when he started to look good to her, he opened his mouth. Too bad the idiot wasn’t mute. 
“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing? This blouse is awesome.”
“No, not the blouse, the… wait a minute. You aren’t able to wear jeans, are you?” 
“Listen, if you’re going to hound me about my disability, I think you should just sell me your ticket and we can go separately.”
“I don’t think so. Your disability is going to turn these tickets into front row seats. This band allows anyone in a wheelchair to sit in front with their dates.”
“Really? I’ve never heard that.” 
“It’s true, according to Donna from the mailroom.” 
“So is that why you asked me on this date? So I can turn your tickets into front row seats?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. I don’t even like Indigo Spire. The front row seats are just a perk. No, I asked you because despite your being in a wheelchair, you’re beautiful, and I like being with beautiful women.” He winked, as if what he said should flatter her.
It didn’t flatter her. It infuriated her. Despite your being in a wheelchair… Where in the world did he learn to be such an ignorant jerk?
“Well, it’s a lucky thing this crippled girl is beautiful enough to be asked out by you.” She smiled through gritted teeth.
“Yes, it is.” He grinned. “Well, sweetheart, let’s go to this concert.”
This night threatened to be a long one.
Half an hour later, Ron wrapped Sara in his arms. Donna was right about the handicapped seating, they were awesome seats. But Ron didn’t have handicapped tickets. His tickets were for regular seats fifty rows back. He had to carry Sara up a hundred steps. 
They left her beloved chair with security—after she threw a huge fit when Ron tried to leave it at the entrance. She looked at his furrowed and sullen face. He must still be steamed at her for causing a scene. She wouldn’t have had to cause a scene if he’d been reasonable. That chair was her only way of getting from one place to another.
“Wow, Sara, could you weigh any more?” he asked huffing, sweat beading on his brow.
Her jaw dropped. He did not just say that. “I’m sorry, I’ve been meaning to lose a few pounds. I mean, a hundred and fifteen pounds makes me obese, right?”
“I don’t know about obese, but you definitely look lighter than you are.”
One, two, three… She counted to ten in her head in an attempt to cool her temper before she opened her mouth. 
“You’ll be worth the trouble, right?” He raised an eyebrow as he smiled.
She clenched her teeth and smiled back, reining in the venom she so wanted to spew at him. …Eleven, twelve, thirteen… She would be counting to a thousand the way things were going.
They reached their seats and Ron plopped her down just as the lights dimmed. A haunting melody billowed through the arena. Everyone around her stood, obscuring her view of the stage below. The music pulsed loud, beautiful, and she wished she could actually see the band. Tall bodies surrounded her, bringing her eye level with several gyrating butts—not what she was hoping to see tonight.
She lasted a full hour before she lowered herself to beg Ron to pick her up so she could see the stage. He smiled as he lifted her out of her seat, his eyes full of mischief. “Sure, but this is going to cost you more, sweetheart.” He obviously didn’t think she’d heard him. But she did hear the jerk. And if he thought he was going to get anything more than a thank you out of her, he was sorely mistaken.
Sara had decided to tell him to put her back on her seat when she glanced down to the stage and her breath caught. The sight astonished her. Fog covered the stage, lights flashed, and the band looked like beautiful creatures from another world. She loved the song they played. She sang softly, mesmerized by the music. Her body rocked to the beat. Usually, she didn’t sing where others might hear, but with the loud music, it seemed pretty safe to sing quietly.
She felt Ron’s arms tighten around her and looked up. She immediately stiffened as a jolt of shock-driven adrenaline spiked her blood. Ron was no longer the clueless, fun-loving ignoramus she’d come to know and loathe. His eyes bore down on her and he looked hungry—not like wanting a pizza from the concessions hungry. More like a predator finding a fat juicy meal hungry. 
“Ron? Is something wrong?” she asked, never more grateful to be surrounded by thousands of concertgoers.
“You’re so beautiful,” he said. 
“Ron? What is wrong with you? Could you please put me down?” She squirmed as she begged.
He closed his eyes and shook his head like he was trying to shake off a bad dream. “Yes, right. Sorry, this music is giving me a headache.”
She sighed as he sat her back down in the grove of pulsating bodies. Still, his eyes kept darting back to her.
When the last song ended, the lights turned up, cueing the concert’s end. They sat and waited for the crowd to thin before attempting to leave themselves. Ron fidgeted in his seat.
When he picked her up to leave, he flew down the stairs. In the car, he showed the same energy, driving very fast. His eyes continued to dart toward her. Every time their eyes met, he licked his lips. 
“Um,” Sara said. “Thanks for taking me to the concert. I had a good time.”
“It wasn’t so bad,” he said. “But I enjoyed the part you sang best of all.”
“Oh. You heard that?” Her heart began to pound, the pulsing blood squeezing her chest.
“Oh yes,” he answered. “I sure did. Listen, I’m not ready to call it a night yet. Are you hungry?” Ron took a corner fast and Sara slid against the door.
“No, I’m good,” she said. She doubted she could eat a bite—not with her stomach attempting to tie itself into a knot. “I’m just tired. I’d like to go home.”
“Sure. Okay. But could we stop for a drink first?” 
“I don’t think so. I’m only twenty. I can’t drink yet.”
“Don’t worry about it. I know a great place and they have fantastic virgin drinks.” A wide smile spread across his face. 
“I appreciate the offer, Ron, but I’m not feeling very well. I’d just like to go home and straight to bed.”
“Ooh me too. But let me buy you just one drink.”
“Ron…” 
“Just one drink and we’re out. I promise.” He held his hand up in a pledge. 
Sara scowled as she turned her head and looked behind them—the direction of her apartment. “Okay. Just one drink and then you take me home.” 
Ron pulled into a nightclub parking lot. The name “Shockwave” flashed in blue neon lights. He parked, opened his door, and stepped out. Sara chewed her bottom lip and twirled her hair around her finger as she waited for him to get her wheelchair from the trunk. She jumped, startled when he opened her door so soon.
“No use getting your wheelchair when we’re going to be in and out so quickly,” he said as he picked her up. About a minute later, a man nodded them in at the front door. Bodies packed the room from wall to wall. Lights flashed, music pulsed, and hundreds of people bounced and gyrated to the music. The floral air fresheners didn’t quite mask the deep scent of alcohol and a hundred sweating bodies.
Ron’s eyes followed two women—a blonde and a brunette—as they strutted by, balancing on five-inch stilettos. Their skirts were so short that if they bent over… Sara grimaced. 
“Hey Ron,” the brunette said.
“Hello, Kat,” Ron answered with an appreciative grin.
“Hi Ron.” The blonde gave a little wave.
“Hi Kit,” he answered, still smiling.
“Kit and Kat?” Sara said.
“I know. Aren’t they cute?”
Cute was not the exact the word she would use for those two. 
“Do you come here often?” Sara asked.
“Yeah. This is my usual hunting grounds,” he answered, his eyebrow raised.
“Don’t you mean stomping grounds?” 
A smile spread across his face. “Sure.” 
Sara began to re-evaluate what she knew about him. She’d always thought he was proper, refined, eloquent, annoying... Now he seemed to be revealing a side of himself she’d never seen before—a creepy side.
A commotion interrupted her thoughts. The women in the club noisily fluttered around someone or something at the front door. Even the stilettos twins ran to join the fray.
“Hey, Ron. I see your taste in women remains impeccable.” Sara turned to see a bulging, tattooed man step up to the bar. Ron plopped her down on a stool. She’d never heard such a rough-looking man use the word “impeccable” before. Maybe Ron was rubbing off on him.
“Hello, Thomas,” Ron answered with a smile. 
Thomas looked her up and down. His eyes lingered on her spandex-covered stump, when they finally returned to her face, his smile widened and eyebrows rose. 
“We can’t stay long,” Ron said. “We just want a quick drink. Sara here will have a virgin blue Hawaiian and I’ll have the same—with the alcohol, of course. There’s a big tip in it for you if you give her drink a little extra attention to make it just right.” 
Ron brushed a stray strand of hair away from her eyes, making her skin crawl. Warning bells were going off in her head. Okay, calm down. Just one drink and I’m on my way home.
“Sure thing, Ron,” Thomas answered. He mixed the drinks. The little extra time didn’t amount to much—the drinks were in front of them in about a minute. Ron handed Thomas a bill and Sara could have sworn she saw a fifty on it. Thomas put it in his pocket. She must have been mistaken. These drinks couldn’t have cost twenty-five dollars apiece, even with a big tip added on.
She sipped her beverage, surprised at how much she liked it. It tasted fruity, tropical and, within minutes, weariness overwhelmed her. She hadn’t even finished her drink when Ron scooped her off the stool.
“I think it’s time to leave,” he said. “You’ve definitely had enough.”
“But I didn’t finish my drink.” Her voice sounded funny in her ears—distant and a little slurred. Something felt wrong in all this. A wave of nausea and dizziness washed over her. She grabbed Ron’s neck, trying to steady herself. His arms roped around her, but she still felt as if she were falling. 
Sara jumped when she heard the car door shut. How did I get in the car? She could feel her pulse pounding against her skull. Something told her she needed help, but she couldn’t seem to find her voice—or move her arms. 
What’s wrong with me? Then it hit her. He drugged me. The creep drugged me!   
She could guess what came next. Please no! A nightmare unfolded before her eyes, yet, no matter how upset and frightened she was she couldn’t marshal a fight. The powerful drug soon dragged her down into blackness.



Xanthus paced around his Harley-Davidson motorcycle and suppressed the urge to hit something. He’d been tracking the half-human and her male companion all evening. He shook his head over the name he’d heard the human call her. Sara. In Atlantian, that name meant princess. Right. She was no princess. She was a criminal. 
Xanthus growled like a trapped animal as his eyes once again shot over to Sara’s building. The adrenaline-rich blood pumping through his body told him something was wrong.
His brain didn’t know what to think. 
He’d followed Sara most the night. Ron turned out to be full of surprises. After the concert, he’d taken Sara to a club filled with retched humans. Xanthus had barely escaped the place with his shirt on. The human women were so persistent, pressing in on him. He’d barely glimpsed Ron leaving with Sara—nearly losing them as they left. When they’d reached her apartment, Ron carried her into the building as she slept. 
Xanthus’s instincts had been in overdrive the entire night. Ron’s hands had been on her, touching her, holding her, and that had driven Xanthus to the brink of madness. It took a concerted effort not to seize the human by the throat and rip out his windpipe, but that had been the hormones talking. Sara was his target, not Ron. Why couldn’t he remember that? He had been consumed with irrational thoughts all evening.
From what he could tell, Sara didn’t seem to like Ron. She’d worn a sour expression the entire night, but she’d fallen asleep in his car. She may not like him, but she must trust him enough to sleep in his presence. 
Still, human men could be unpredictable. 
Ron should have simply put her in bed and left. Xanthus had been waiting for that opportunity. This chance would not slip by him. This honorable soldier had an execution to carry out. He wouldn’t hesitate again. 
If only the human would leave. 
Xanthus glanced at his watch. It’d been five minutes. Ron should have been out by now, shouldn’t he? Hades. Xanthus didn’t know. Maybe he was overreacting, but as the time ticked on without Ron leaving, Xanthus’s animal instincts clawed at him. He took one more glance at his watch. Six minutes. He couldn’t wait any longer.
He was going in. 
Xanthus stood in front of Sara’s apartment door and knocked. Her scent filled his nostrils and his mind. Then he caught another scent—much milder, but it had him nearly blind with rage. A male pheromone. Ron was aroused. Depending on what he found, Xanthus might have to kill the both of them tonight.
He nearly splintered the wood as he pounded his fist on the door.
“Who is it?” Ron asked, clearly annoyed.
“Open the door.” 
Ron yanked the door open, his eyes burning with fury. “What…” His voice choked off as he saw Xanthus’s hulking figure fill the doorway. Xanthus ducked under the doorframe and stepped inside, his eyes searching, trying to catch a glimpse of Sara. Ron stumbling as he stepped back. 
“Who do you think you are? You can’t just barge in here.”
“Where’s Sara?” Xanthus said, towering over Ron.
“She’s in bed.” 
“Are you sharing the bed with her?”
“That’s none of your business. You’re not her father. Sara’s an adult. She can have whomever she wants in her apartment and in her bed.”
“Your kind is not worthy to be in the same room as her, much less in her bed.” Xanthus snarled while he pushed through her bedroom door.
He looked down at her lying across her mattress. His breath caught at the sight of the Dagonian woman this close. She was beautiful, stunning. Black hair haloed around her head and across the pillow. Her shirt lay open, exposing flesh covered with reddened splotches and reeking of Ron’s scent. Yet, somehow, she slept peacefully—no, she was unconscious. Xanthus growled at that realization. She was innocent in this situation and it appeared her innocence remained intact. Her wrap and skirt still covered her—untouched. He sighed in relief. 
Xanthus heard Ron scrambling through the kitchen in an attempt to make his escape. Less than a second later, Ron yelped as Xanthus seized him by the hair.
“You think you can commit this crime and go on your way?” Xanthus thought of the many ways he would love to hurt this foul creature, but he knew he’d have to answer for his actions. By being here, Sara herself had broken the law. If her secret had been discovered, he would have had nothing restraining him from killing this man, but her secret remained safe. Regretfully, that fact kept Ron safe from permanent arm.
Still, Xanthus could frighten him—give him a reason to fear coming near her again. That would be justified.
Fifteen minutes later, Ron was sobbing like an infant and cowering on the linoleum floor in a puddle of urine. Xanthus tired of the stench, more than ready to let the sniveling coward go. “Ron, I’m going to allow you to leave. But if I ever see you near Sara again, even if it’s unintentional, you’re a dead man. And it won’t be quick—I’ll make you suffer. Do you understand me?” Xanthus clutched Ron’s shirt, twisting it so hard that it cut into his neck.
“I understand,” Ron sobbed. “You won’t see me again.”
Xanthus released him and Ron scrambled out the door. 
Xanthus shook his head when he realized the idiocy of his threat. It was pointless. He would be killing Sara in a moment. She would be dead and gone before the night was through. 
Xanthus stepped into her bedroom. Light from the kitchen spilled onto her bed, draping across her sleeping form. Her chest rose with every breath. She slept, unaware of the predator stalking her. Xanthus’s heart pounded and sweat broke out across his forehead as he looked down on her angelic face. 
Now was the time. He had to do it. 
Breaking her neck would be the best option. Her death would be quick, painless, and not a drop of blood would spill. 
He moved to her side. The swells of her breasts rose and fell in her peaceful sleep. His looked her over and struggled to keep his mind off the fact that she was a helpless woman. Her face, her body, everything about her looked delicate, breakable. Out of all the criminals he’d killed in his lifetime, he’d killed very few females. Especially not lush, beautiful… 
Hades, he couldn’t kill her… not with her looking like this.
He moved closer and leaned forward. His fingers fumbled with her buttons. He just needed to close her shirt, and then he’d kill her. 
He’d just fastened the last one, when her eyes fluttered and then flew open wide as she gasped. She frantically searched the room and then his face. Her tiny hands clasped around his forearms. “Help me! Please don’t let him hurt me. He drugged me. He’s going to…” Her words turned into a heart-wrenching sob as she threw her arms around his chest. Xanthus jerked back, startled at her sudden embrace. He sat frozen for just a moment before his arms pulled her trembling body against his. Her quiet whimpers cut through to his heart. “Shh. It’s okay,” he found himself saying. 
“He’s going to hurt me,” she quietly wailed.
“No, Sara. I won’t let him hurt you. It’s okay. You’re safe.” He held her tight, stroking her hair and mumbling words of comfort as she wept against his chest.
Sara’s cries soon quieted as drug-laden sleep overtook her again. Still, Xanthus continued to hold her, continued to caress her. He shouldn’t have let the filthy human go. He should have broken his neck after he stuffed his beating heart down it.
 Xanthus lowered Sara’s limp, slumbering body onto her bed and pulled a blanket over her. Raking his fingers through his hair, he stood. Tears sparkled on her cheeks. Without a thought, he brushed them away with his thumb. 
Several minutes later, Xanthus returned to his motorcycle. “Well, that didn’t exactly go as planned,” he said. Now he’d never have the heart to kill her. Perhaps he never had. 
He sighed in defeat. 



Sara flailed and gulped in seawater. The glow from the surface faded to black as the sea enveloped her. It couldn’t be. She’d escaped this nightmare years ago. But here she was, and here she would die, at the bottom of the ocean. 
She sucked in a lungful of air and bolted upright in bed. A cool sweat slicked her hair against her head and dripped down her face as she continued to inhale quick gasps. 
No matter how many times she’d had the same old nightmare, it always scared the life out of her. She ran her fingers through her damp hair. Her body continued to shake. Looking down, she realized she wore yesterday’s clothes. 
What had happened last night? She remembered her horrid first date, but she couldn’t recall how she had gotten home. Maybe she’d passed out from an overdose of idiocy dealt out by Ron. 
It was possible. 
Something twisted in her gut and she felt some lingering remnants of fear. She pushed them away. She couldn’t deal with forgotten memories right now—especially unpleasant ones. She just couldn’t. Besides, she had other things to worry about, like the $27.00 that wouldn’t last the week. She had work to do. 
Three hours later, she’d completed several new web pages. Ron briefly passed through her mind. Something told her there would be no second date with him. Thank heavens.
Wheeling over to the refrigerator, Sara grabbed a bottle of water and an apple. As she lifted the apple to her mouth, a knock at the door startled her. The apple slipped from her fingers, bounced once, and then rolled under the kitchen table. 
Oh great. That was her last apple. She had to go the grocery store today.
Sara wheeled over to the door and leaned toward the peephole Mr. Brown had lowered for her. Good thing he did, she would never answer her door otherwise. Not that she had many visitors—well, except for Gretchen. But her best friend was at school today and Sara wasn’t expecting anyone. A girl could never be too careful.
Peeping through the hole, Sara scowled, confused at the inky black on the other side. Was someone covering the lens? 
She should just pretend not to be home.
“Miss. Taylor, this is Mr. Dimitriou,” a deep, muffled voice said. “I’m the new owner of the apartment building. I just wanted to introduce myself to each of my tenants.” 
New owner? Mr. Brown sold the building? Maybe she should open the door. She didn’t want to offend her new landlord. He might raise her rent or evict her. Of course, if he came in here and murdered her, who cared how much her rent was?
She carefully analyzed the situation. His voice sounded normal—no slurring, stuttering, laughing. His accent though. She couldn’t place it. Of course, she was no linguist, but she could make out the usual—Tongan, Samoan, Australian, Japanese… 
She tried the peephole again. The stranger moved and she finally got a look at him. 
Oh good heavens, he looked like “The Assassin”. She remembered he went by Shane Adams now. What would a movie star/pro-wrestler be doing buying a dilapidated apartment building? 
Yeah, right. He wouldn’t. This man stood massive—very tall, broad in the shoulders, and narrow at the waist. His shirt pulled snug over his chiseled muscles. He wore wide, gold bands around his biceps, like something you’d see on a Roman soldier, except the Romans wore them on their wrists. How odd.
“Miss. Taylor, I heard you in there. If you aren’t comfortable opening to me, I could bring a police officer—just to let you know I am who I say. I don’t want you to think I’m threatening you in anyway. I know it must be frightening to have a big stranger knock on the door when you live alone.” 
His voice shook with nervousness. 
He didn’t sound like a murderer. Besides, given the sheer size of the man, if he wanted to kill her, he could kick her flimsy door in. 
Sara sighed and looked heavenward. “Okay, if I die, I die,” she said quietly as she lowered her gaze back on the door. She cracked it open and looked out. 
She had to wheel back quickly when Mr. Dimitriou reached out and pushed open her door. He stepped in and shut the door behind him. “Hello.” He spoke low, his voice as cold as his icy smile. It drove a chill down her spine, raising goose bumps on her back. Letting him in wasn’t just a grave mistake, it was lethal. The word sliced through her mind. 
Sara looked up into his slate black eyes. This wasn’t Shane Adams, although there were similarities in his coloring and muscular build. His size was surreal. He towered above her like a giant. Despite his size, his face was boyish and strikingly handsome, much more handsome than the actor she’d mistaken him for. His black hair was short, but long enough to curl around the edges. He looked young for an apartment owner—mid-twenties, maybe. 
His undeniable good looks didn’t make him any less terrifying. He smiled, showing a nice row of white teeth. For a split second, an image of shark’s teeth flashed through her mind. 
He looked at her expectantly. Was she supposed to say something? She was too frightened to speak at the moment. 
She’d only blinked but, in that split second, she suddenly found his face inches from hers. “You have blue eyes,” he said. It came out sounding like an accusation.
Sara jumped. Then she realized what he’d said. This man was dangerous and insane. She struggled to speak, too shaken up to find her voice. She soon gave up and simply nodded. 
Where in the world had she put her purse? She would feel so much better with a can of pepper spray in her hand.
His eyes bored into hers. He looked her up and down in a very careful, very thorough inspection as confusion crinkled his brow. The scent coming off him was mildly distracting—warm, musky, like an ocean breeze. Very appealing, unlike his grimace. 
His eyes opened wide in shock as he rattled off expletives in whatever language he spoke. 
This man belonged in a straightjacket and locked in a padded room. 
He paused as if he didn’t know what to say. Sara sat very still, in spite of the adrenaline pumping through her veins. She wanted to move, but being confined to a wheelchair, she certainly couldn’t move fast enough to escape this hulking man. 
 “I’m sorry,” he said, “but blue eyes are basically nonexistent where I come from. I’m still surprised when I see them.” 
Their eyes locked and his expression warmed. Soon she felt pretty warm herself. He really was a sight to behold—tall, ripped, with olive skin. The kind of man who could make a woman swoon with just a glance and a smile. 
Sara had never before been overly concerned with how she looked, but, at the moment, she was very self-conscience. She wore a simple, fitted, baby blue t-shirt. She’d put on some makeup this morning (thank heavens), and her black hair draped down her back. His warm gaze melted into an intense heat. She found herself overcome with the intensity in his gaze, and didn’t know which was stronger, her fear or excitement. 
Excitement. Definitely excitement, she decided. 
He stiffened, cleared his throat, and shook his head. He muttered a foreign word—she had a feeling it was a swear word.
What was she thinking? She shook herself from her own crazy thoughts. One minute she was terrified for her life and the next she was getting hot over the man who might be her murderer. That just wasn’t right, regardless of how insanely hot he was.
He stood silent for several moments as she waited for him to speak. He cleared his throat. “Look,” he said, “I need to inform you that now that I own the building, there will be a few changes around here. 
“First of all, I’ve decided I’ll be giving notice of eviction to several tenants.”
What was he saying? Tenants? Eviction? Could he be her landlord after all? Then his words sank in and her heart dropped. This didn’t sound good for her. 
“Will I be one of them? Are you evicting me?” 
“Oh, no, no.” His face softened as he shook his head. “You’ll stay. I just don’t like the negative element that exists in this building. I have a very good nose for crime and a zero tolerance.”
He looked around her apartment, as if to inspect it. She felt a quick surge of pride. She kept her apartment immaculate. He’d approve. There was no way he couldn’t. But when he turned back toward her, she had to re-evaluate her opinion. He obviously didn’t approve of it. He shook his head and glanced her way. If he were her mother, she’d swear his next words would be, “What am I going to do with you?” 
He paused for a moment. “I’ll be sending workers in to replace your front door and windows, add more secure locks, and install a security system in your apartment.” 
Sara’s jaw dropped. “Um, isn’t that awfully expensive? I mean, are you sure you want to go to the trouble? You won’t be raising my rent, will you?” Her thoughts jumbled as questions tumbled from her lips. She couldn’t afford the apartment as it was. There was no way she could afford more. And she’d live in a tent before she’d go back to her mother.
“No, not at all,” he answered. She assumed he was answering her last question.
He smoothly strolled over to the table—so smoothly he practically glided. Maybe his mother had made him practice walking with a book on his head. She almost smiled as she pictured him doing just that. 
He bent down, picked her apple up off the floor, and handed it to her. “Thank you,” she said, surprised.
“Isn’t it difficult for you to prepare your meals in this kitchen?” he asked, placing his hand on the counter. 
 That question surprised her even more than the apple. “Yes, but I’m used to it. I’ve never known different.”
“You haven’t?”
“No. My mother didn’t think it worth the lower resale value. Besides, I could manage.”
“Wouldn’t it be easier if your counters were lower?”
“I guess it would.” She shrugged. “But you can’t think to make such a drastic and expensive change for me.” 
“I’ll have them switched out by next week.”
“But sir, wouldn’t that make this apartment difficult to rent in the future?”
“Miss Taylor, I own this building and I’ll do as I wish. I’d appreciate it if you would stop instructing me.”
Was she doing that? Okay, maybe a little. “I’m sorry Mr.…” Oh shoot. She’d forgotten his name. It was his fault for having such an unusual name.
“Dimitriou,” he said. “Now, you will stop worrying about me raising your rent or evicting you. I will make changes as I see fit and you will remain here as long as you desire, paying the same amount of rent you have been paying all along. Is that clear?”
Boy, what a change from when he’d first stepped through her door. She’d thought she was staring death in the eye. He was still a force to be reckoned with, but now he seemed to be looking out for her. She didn’t know what to think about that. Mr. Dimitriou didn’t even know her. What were his motives? She didn’t know, but she wasn’t about to trust him. Still, she answered him with a clear, “Yes, sir.”



“He said that?” Gretchen stood with her eyes wide as her newly sewn satin drapes slid off the curtain rod onto the slate-tile floor.
“Exactly like that,” Sara said. “I mean, I’ll admit I was out of line telling him what he could and couldn’t do with the apartment he owned. But it just doesn’t make sense. Why would he pay for all these changes without expecting to raise the rent?”
“I’ll tell you why.” Gretchen picked the curtain off the floor and slid it back over the rod. “You flashed your baby blues at the man and he fell hopelessly in love with you.”
“Yeah, right. That reminds me. He freaked when he saw my eyes were blue. I tell you, the man is demented. I think I should be afraid.”
“Sweetie, you just worded that wrong. The man freaked when he saw your blue eyes. They are an unusual color. I just think he’s smitten with you and you can’t recognize it because of the giant wall you’ve built around yourself to keep men out. Well, you can’t keep this man out. He owns your apartment. He has a key.”
“That’s a scary thought.” Sara ran red thread through the sewing machine. She’d considered telling Gretchen about her date with Ron to counter her reference to her wall keeping men out, but she didn’t say anything. She didn’t want to relive the ridiculous night with an ignorant, rude man. She didn’t even want to think about that night.
“I think its destiny,” Gretchen said. “Now, tell me again what he looks like.”
“I already told you. He and Shane Adams could be brothers, except Mr. Dimitriou is younger, much more handsome, and way taller. I swear his hair brushed dust streaks on my ceiling. Now, I ask you, how is a girl in a wheelchair supposed to scrub ceilings?” she asked, holding a straight pin in her mouth.
“Your ceilings are exceptionally low. But that still puts him at about seven feet tall. Wow.” 
“Wow—as in scary.” 
Gretchen climbed the step stool and hung her curtain. After adjusting the fabric, she smiled. “You’re in the wrong profession, girl. You should be a seamstress. This looks amazing. Now only one window to go.”
“Yeah, yeah. So what do I do about the giant?” 
“I think you should plant a big wet one on him next time you see him, but that’s just me.” Gretchen smiled. 
She was not taking this seriously enough. “I don’t know why I try to have intelligent conversations with you. Oh shoot. Look at the time. I need to get going if I’m going to be back before dark.” Sara wheeled her chair around. She packed her sewing supplies up in a box and scooted it under the table.
“All right, go. You’ve done your charity work for today. We can finish this tomorrow. Then we can go out and celebrate my new drapes. If you want to invite Shane Adams, I can find a date and we’ll double. I’d love to meet him.” Gretchen wriggled her eyebrows as she folded the last unfinished curtain panel and placed it in a box.
“It’s Mr. Dimitriou, and no, a date with him is completely out of the question. Not only am I broke, but he’s my landlord, for heaven’s sake.”
“Well, don’t worry about paying for it. It’ll be my payment for the curtains. And some of the best relationships start out between landlord and tenant.”
“Yeah, right.” 
“I’m sorry my car is in the shop,” Gretchen said. “It should be ready tomorrow. Do you want me to walk you home?” She pulled the completed curtains closed over the darkening windows, and then smiled in appreciation.
“Oh, sure, and then I could walk you back here,” Sara answered. “Then you could walk me home again, and then…” 
“I get it.” Gretchen dropped her hand on her hip and sighed. “But as strong and independent as you are, a woman in a wheelchair is less able to defend against attackers.” 
“I know. Believe me, I know, but, not to worry. I have my trusty pepper spray to defend for me,” she said, lifting it out of her purse and holding it up.
“Well, keep it handy. I noticed some slimy looking perverts eyeing you the other day.” Gretchen grimaced.
Oh, great. Maybe she should have Gretchen walk her home. Yeah and who would protect Gretchen? 
Wheeling out the front door of the apartment building, Sara wished she could hail a taxi, but she still had to go grocery shopping and she needed what was left of her money to pay for food. 
Sara wheeled down the sidewalk. Twilight had painted orange and purple streaks in the sky as she bumped over the curb to cross the intersection of Apohana Drive and Kaniki Way. She passed by a shop called Linens of Hawaii and then passed a corner garage. She paused before wheeling by the gas station. Drivers around here rarely watched for short, wheelchair-bound females. 
As Sara approached the first of several apartment buildings, she noticed a tall figure blanketed in the shadows. Through the darkness, she thought she saw the gleam of his teeth for a moment. As he was almost out of sight, she noticed he’d stepped away from the building. 
Oh, please, don’t let him be following me. She rushed to the end of the block. She took a quick glance over her shoulder. She didn’t see him, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t there behind the dumpster or the mountain of clutter by the road. 
Sara’s wheels spun over the sidewalk as she hurried. She had lived in this neighborhood for only two months—not enough time for a crippled recluse to meet the people who lived near her. She looked around to find some comfort. All she saw now were rundown apartment buildings with few lighted windows. She knew that if she needed help, she’d be lucky to find it. To survive here, people learned to avoid trouble.
Sara chanced another glance behind her. The same tall figure bounded toward her, half a block away. She wheeled faster. She was going so fast, her arms should have been burning by now. She had to be running on pure adrenaline. 
The next block was hers. Her apartment was in the last building on the right, next to a grove of coconut trees riddled with beer cans, cigarette butts, and other discarded trash. Beyond that lay the ocean shore. 
She flew across the parking lot to the glass door that led to safety. 
What in the world? This wasn’t her door. The cracks were gone and the metal was shiny and new. 
“What are you doing…?” an angry male voice beat in her ear. Gretchen would have been proud of her knee-jerk reaction. Sara pulled the pepper spray out of her pocket and took aim, spraying the large figure in the face.
“Awwwwww, Gromot.” If she thought the voice had sounded angry before, it was furious now. Funny, she had a flash of déjà vu, as if she’d heard that irate voice before. 
Sara fumbled with her keys. After several failed attempts, she finally grabbed the right key and tried to thrust it into the lock. It only went a quarter of the way. “Oh please, oh please, oh please,” she chanted as she tried again and again to get her key to work.
“Sara Taylor.” The voice calmed, slightly less menacing, and then she recognized it. 
“May I ask what I did to deserve getting sprayed in the eyes with acid?” Mr. Dimitriou bent over and pressed hands on his face. He dabbed at his red eyes. 
“Oh, Mr. Dimitriou, I’m so sorry. I thought you were… Well I don’t know… but I… I thought someone was going to attack me. I didn’t know you were here.”
“I was about to scold you for being out alone at dusk.” He sniffed. “But I see you brought protection and I must say it’s quite effective.” 
He tried to rub his eyes, “Uhg.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I can’t believe I did that to you. Come inside and you can rinse your eyes out.” She tried once again to unlock the door. “I can’t seem to get my key to work.”
“I know you can’t. This is a new door with a new lock. I was just going to give you your key when you… uh.” He sighed. “Well, never mind.” He squinted at the lock, slipped in the key, and turned it.
“Oh.” She was speechless. Feeling like an idiot often robbed her of her powers of speech.
Mr. Dimitriou gave the door a gentle shove and it swung open on its own. “This new door should make it easier for you to get in and out of the building.”
“Oh, um, thank you.” And why is he spending so much money accommodating my needs? Mr. Dimitriou followed her down the hall and stopped at her new steel door. It looked like the main door wasn’t the only one he’d replaced. Sara remembered her conversation with Gretchen. 
Could he be infatuated with her? She looked him over.
No way. 
There was no possible way a man who looked like he stepped out of a Gladiator movie could be interested in a little, handicapped woman. She’d always thought Ron Hathaway was good looking, but compared to Mr. Dimitriou? Well, there was no competition. Mr. Dimitriou made Ron look like George McFly. 
Mr. Dimitriou took another key out of his pocket, put it in the lock, and held the door open for her. Warning bells rang in her head. He had a key to her apartment. He could come in here whenever he wanted. And she had doubts about this man’s sanity. He sure did a lot of things that seemed crazy, and despite his unreal level of hotness, she didn’t want to die at the hands of a lunatic. 
Sara wheeled past Mr. Dimitriou and was about to bid him farewell when he strolled in and shut the door like he owned the place. Well, technically, he did, but this was her apartment. She paid good money for it.
“Excuse me, Mr. Dimitriou,” she began. He took three steps over to her sink, turned on the faucet, and washed out his eyes. Oh right. The eyes she’d sprayed with pepper spray. She had invited him in, hadn’t she? The man had turned her into an imbecile. 
“Listen,” he said, “I’m sorry I scared you. It’s not easy being nearly seven feet tall. People always think the worst of you. And with you being crippled, it has to be hard living on your own.” 
“Excuse me? Crippled?” Sara’s angst rose. “I know English isn’t your native language, so I’d better warn you. People in my condition don’t like to be called crippled. It’s not politically correct.” Sure, she called herself crippled all the time, but that was different.
He cocked an eyebrow. “Oh no? So what’s the term I should use?” He leaned against her counter; it creaked under his weight.
“Well, those who don’t have the use of their legs are called paraplegic. And those who don’t have the use of their arms and legs are called quadriplegic.” 
“Oh, so you can’t move your legs?” He looked suspicious, as if she’d faked her disability. She’d give anything to be able to walk like a normal person. 
“No, I can’t move my legs.” She glared at him. Technically, she wasn’t lying. Her deformity didn’t look anything like legs.
“So, have you been this way since birth?” He pulled up a chair, straddled it, and made himself at home.
“Do you always ask personal questions that are none of your business?” She narrowed her eyes.
He smiled. “Only of people who spray acid in my eyes.” 
“It’s not acid, it’s pepper spray. And it doesn’t do any permanent damage.” She saw that his eyes were still quite red and so was the skin around them. 
Dang, she felt guilty. After all, he’d done quite a bit for her. She glanced at the door and noticed, for the first time, a peephole just her height. Was Gretchen’s theory really so farfetched?
“I’m sorry I sprayed you with pepper spray,” she said just above a whisper.
His brows furrowed as he flashed a crooked smile. “I’m glad you did.” 
Okay, maybe he was crazy.
“Now I won’t be quite so worried about you being out on your own in this neighborhood.” He shrugged.
Okay, now that was just sweet. 
“Listen, Mr. Dimitriou.” She sighed. “How about I try to make amends?”
His brows furrowed. “What do you have in mind?”
“Well, my friend Gretchen invited me to go on a double date with her tomorrow. And I would be happy to treat you to dinner and a show.” Did she just say that? What was she doing? There was no way this Greek god would go out with her. She felt her face heat with embarrassment. Great, there goes her confident façade.
“You’d pay to take me to dinner with your friend and her date?”
Actually, Gretchen would be paying, but he didn’t need to know that, so she nodded.
“I appreciate the offer.” He put his hand on her shoulder. 
Darn it. Why did she have to ask him? She should have known he’d refuse. 
“But I just wouldn’t feel comfortable having you pay for our date. But, if you’d allow me to pay, I’d love to come.”
Her eyes widened. “Really?” 
His dark eyes sparkled as he smiled. “Yes really.”
She brushed her fingers through her hair. Was it hot in here? The shrill ringing of the phone startled her.
“Oh excuse me, it might be a client. I’ll be just a minute,” she said as she wheeled over to an old, black wall phone. Missing client calls was not an option when one was on the brink of homelessness.
She put on a smile and answered the phone. “Hello, this is Sara.” 
“Sara, where are you?” Her heart made a splashdown in her stomach. Of all times for her to call.
It was her mom. 
She held the phone away and covered the earpiece as her mother screeched. It didn’t help much. “How could you leave me for so long and not tell me where you would be? You think a few emails telling me you were fine would be enough for me to know you’re not dead?” 
Sara held the phone back up to her ear and spoke low. She didn’t want Mr. Dimitriou to hear this conversation, but with her mom screaming at high decibels through the receiver, it was impossible to have a private conversation. 
“How did you get this number?” Sara asked.
“I had to hire a private detective to find you.”
“I’m sorry, Mom. I was going to call, but after I moved… ”
“Don’t lie to me, Sara,” her mother said, cutting her off. “You’ve always been an ungrateful child. I can’t believe you neglect me like you do. When I think of all the things I’ve sacrificed for you, it makes me sick to see how you’ve turned out. Now I want you to come home right now.” 
“No, Mom. I’m not coming home. I have a life here. I’m an adult and I need to take care of myself right now.” 
“You selfish child.” Sara felt the vibrations of her mother’s voice as she covered the receiver. “You’ve never cared about anyone but yourself. I shouldn’t have come back for you. I should have left you at the bottom of that cliff. I can see why your father never came to get you. You’re just like him. You don’t care about anyone but yourself. When I think of all I’ve suffered because of you… I wish you’d never been born.” 
Sara had heard it all, more times than she could count. Usually she buckled and apologized, but not this time. This time she said what needed to be said. 
“Mom, say what you want. You’re just mad because you can’t control my life anymore. Get some professional help, and maybe then we can talk.”
She carefully hung up the phone, cutting off her mother’s tirade midstream.
Sara felt shaken, but still triumphant. She turned toward Mr. Dimitriou and her stomach clenched. His brows furrowed and the corners of his mouth turned down in a frown. 
“I’m sorry you had to hear that,” she said. 
She paused for a long time. What could she say? How could she explain? Her mother was a selfish woman and a nutcase on top of that. There was no way he’d want to date her now. She took a deep breath, and looked down.
“Your mother found you at the bottom of a cliff?” 
Her eyes snapped up. “Sort of…” she said. Her cheeks flushed with warmth. “Listen, I know that you agreed to go on a date with me just to be polite. If you’d rather cancel, I’ll understand. Really, I will. I invited you on a whim. Honestly, I think it may be best if we just keep things simple. You’re my landlord and I’m your tenant. And I like it that way.” 
Mr. Dimitriou got up, stepped over, and sank to his knee beside her chair as she kept up her explanation. “Don’t get me wrong,” she said, “it was noble of you to accept my invitation, but I know you couldn’t… possibly….” 
Dang. Having his rugged face this close to hers almost made her lose her train of thought. “ever… be interested….”
Xanthus moved in closer, just a breath away. “Hmmm?” He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. When he opened his eyes and looked at her, the intensity of his gaze bore into her soul. 
“…in someone… like me?” Did she just phrase that statement as a question? He raised his hand and pressed his palm to her cheek. His touch was electric. He’s going to kiss me, was her last coherent thought.
His warm lips pressed down on hers. His mouth moved expertly, coaxing hers into response. And respond she did. A flame ignited a hunger and need she hadn’t even realized she possessed. Her hands, of their own accord, rose to his head, her fingers weaving through his hair as she attempted to pull him closer. 
This was a new experience for her. She’d never dreamed a kiss could be so amazing. His mouth worked magic with hers, a magic that seemed to have the power to bring her to life in a way she’d never felt alive before. She barely noticed being lifted out of her chair, didn’t notice the ties anchoring her blanket rip away. But when she felt the blanket begin to slide, the spell shattered into a million jagged pieces. If the blanket slid any more, he would see her deformity!
Sara attempted to pull away from his iron grip. Somehow, the blanket still covered her, thank goodness. 
“Mr. Dimitriou, please stop,” she breathed as he trailed hot kisses down her neck.
He didn’t seem to hear her as he continued his gentle assault. 
“Mr. Dimitriou, stop!” 
His body froze. 
“Sara,” he said through ragged breaths. “I’m so sorry.”
“It’s okay,” she said, breathless herself. 
“No. No, it’s not. I should have known better than to kiss you in your condition. It was unforgivable of me.”
What did that mean? Why should her being in a wheelchair keep him from kissing her? Realization dawned on her as her heart sank. “I was right. I knew you’d never consider me as a real possibility for a relationship.” Her lips burned from his kisses and her body cherished his embrace. She wanted him, obviously much more than he wanted her. How dare he toy with her like that? “It’s a good thing I’m a crippled girl. At least you have your pity. Would you please put me down?”
“You misunderstand me.” He shook his head as he continued to cradle her in his arms.
A single tear trailed down her cheek. “My mother was right about one thing. Guys are pigs.” She slapped the tear away.
“Your being paraplegic has nothing to do with it,” Xanthus said with ragged breath.
“Oh really? Then what do you mean you couldn’t kiss me in my condition?” She slapped her hand against his chest.
He paused for a moment. “You were vulnerable. Your call from your mother upset you and it was wrong of me to take advantage of you in that state.”
“Oh. So you weren’t talking about my physical condition?”
“Sara, you’re beautiful whether you walk on two feet, ride on wheels, or any other possibilities. Nothing changes that fact.”
Her heart leapt at the chance that he was telling the truth. Could he accept her the way she was? “But what if my legs are horribly deformed?” She lowered her head and pressed her forehead into his shoulder. 
“It doesn’t matter. You’re beautiful to me.” Gently, he lowered her into the wheelchair. 
Sara immediately pressed the blanket firmly in place. She noticed Mr. Dimitriou’s hair was sticking up in odd places, his shirt was rumpled, and his brows furrowed. He looked incredible. 
“Listen, would you do something for me?” he asked.
“Sure.”
“Will you promise me you’ll be careful? Don’t go anywhere alone after dark. Keep that pepper spray handy when you’re out even in the daylight. And if you need me, please call me anytime day or night.” Xanthus snatched a pad and pen from next to her phone, scribbling out his phone number.
“Do you have a cell?” he asked.
“Well, no, but if my business keeps growing, I’ll be able to afford one in a couple of months.”
“I’ll bring you one tomorrow.”
“Listen, I appreciate all you’ve done, but you can’t keep spending money on me. I’m not a child. I can take care of myself,” she said with her chin up.
“Please Sara, for my peace of mind. Let me get you a cell phone. Let’s just consider it included it in your rent.” He tensed, waiting for her answer.
Sara didn’t like accepting help. She’d worked hard for her independence. But she knew she would feel safer knowing help was only a phone call away. “Okay Mr. Dimitriou, but I think I’m already paying way below what I should be, considering the amount of upgrades you’re putting into my apartment.” She immediately regretted what she said. What would she do if he did raise her rent?
“You let me worry about the expenses of the building. Your job is simply to pay your rent. And please, call me Xanthus. I think that kiss put us way past calling each other Mr. Dimitriou and Miss Taylor.”
He looked at her lips and sighed. “I have to go. Just let me know when to pick you up tomorrow and I’ll see you then.” He leaned in, pressed a quick kiss to her forehead, and then he was gone.
“Xanthus.” Sara whispered his name as she pressed her fingers to her lips and smiled. 

***

Xanthus slung his backpack over his shoulders, climbed on his motorcycle, and started his drive out to the warehouse dock. He raised his face into the light rainfall and breathed in a lungful of clean air. 
What had he been thinking? His plan had never included kissing her. His control was already in threads. If he wasn’t careful, he’d be the one hunted down. As it stood now, if he were caught, he was already looking at ten years hard labor. He should walk away—pretend he’d never met Sara. 
He just couldn’t do it. Not only was she a risk of exposure for Dagonians that he could not leave unguarded, but she was also an innocent, a helpless female who was completely unaware of the axe hanging over her head. Xanthus had always prided himself on his abilities as a warrior. But even he didn’t know if he could protect Sara from that axe dropping. He was sickened when he thought of what fate awaited her if she were ever discovered. 
It was her eyes. They were the dead giveaway to what she was. Those eyes. He shuddered thinking of them. They were beautiful, bewitching—like a sea goddess. But hers weren’t the eyes of a goddess, but those of a half-human, half-Dagonian girl. 
Xanthus shook himself. Now was not the time to think of beautiful females. He needed to get his mind on tonight’s job. Lives depended on the success of tonight’s mission. 
He pulled up a private road and turned off into an almost indiscernible path through the foliage. He drove his bike in as far as he could, turned off the engine, and hiked into the trees. Being a moonless night, it was black as pitch for a human, but Xanthus saw as well in the darkest of nights as during the daylight. The shoreline came into view as he passed through the palm trees. At the water’s edge, he dropped his pack in the sand and stripped out of his clothing. Grabbing his pack, he entered the water and submerged.
He surfaced under the dock and listened for footfalls above. He heard nothing but the chirping of several birds. He took hold of the wooden dock and pulled himself up to peer above. No one was about. He hefted his body out of the warm water into the cool night air. It breezed over him as he lay on the hard, wooden dock. 
Several minutes later, his cloaked figure moved on. Light poles above forced him into the shadows. He made his way between several brick buildings to a large warehouse backed up against the shore. He knew that a ship was at the dock, waiting to be loaded before it disembarked. He also knew there were four security guards, armed only with clubs. 
With his back against the cement foundation of the large, metal warehouse, Xanthus pulled his pack off his back and removed a small, black disk the size of his palm. He pressed it against the side of the building and pushed a small, red button to activate it.
Xanthus repeated the process on each of the four outside walls of the building. Then he crept across the gangplank and attached another disk against the side of the ship. With the devices in place, it was time to locate the guards. 



“But I only have a little left to do on your curtains and then they’re done.” Sara scowled.
Gretchen pushed her through the doors of Macy’s Department Store. Perfume floated in the air around them as Gretchen steered her toward the women’s clothing section. 
“Girl, this is a much more pressing matter. This is your first date since I’ve known you, and knowing you, it’s your first date—ever.”
Sara didn’t disagree, even though it was no longer true. “So.” Sara frowned. “Just because I have a date tonight, I have to buy new clothes?” 
“No, you have to buy new clothes because you need something appropriate to wear. Don’t get me wrong, your clothes are cute, but we’re going to the concert hall. It’s an occasion to dress up. Besides, you need something special to wow Shane Adams.”
“It’s Xanthus,” Sara said.
“Xanthus? Sounds Greek. So what’s his last name again?”
“Dimitriou.”
“Ooo... he is Greek. I still can’t believe you’re dating your landlord. Do you think he’ll lower your rent now that you’re lip-locking?”
“We are not dating. This is one date. And he is not lowering my rent.” She had to put her foot down somewhere.
“No denial of the lip-locking? You kissed him, didn’t you?” Gretchen’s eyes were wide as she smiled.
“He kissed me actually.” Sara felt her face heat. That was a testament to how little experience she had—that she would blush just because someone had kissed her. Gretchen had told many more colorful stories about her love life and she had never blushed. 
“Oh, wow. We are so getting you a killer dress for tonight. One that shows some skin.” Gretchen plowed on through to the women’s department.
“No. No showing skin.” Sara shook her head.
“How are you going to wow him without showing him some skin?” Gretchen stopped next to a display rack, pulled a yellow, strapless sundress up to her body, and gazed in a nearby mirror.
“Why do I need to wow him?” 
“Girl, you have a lot to learn about men.” Gretchen held the dress up to Sara. “I don’t know. I think this yellow washes you out. Let’s see what you look like in blue.” She pulled a shiny, navy blue dress off the rack.
“I don’t like my blues that dark,” Sara said. “Besides, I don’t think that style is me.” 
“You’re so not going in a muumuu.”
“I don’t wear muumuus.”
“Not technically, but you do tend to cover yourself. It wouldn’t hurt you to show a little more skin.”
“How about I wear a bikini top?” 
“No need for sarcasm.” Gretchen held up a white, sequined dress with spaghetti straps and a deep V-neck, practically down to the waist. “Oh, look at this dress. If you wear this, you’ll have to bring along a crash cart. This’ll stop Shane Adams’s heart.”	
“I don’t think so. How about we find something with a little more fabric?” Sara suggested and wheeled toward a dress rack.
“Wow, look at this. I love this color.” Sara pulled a shimmery, aqua blue, wraparound dress off a hanger. “It’s sleeveless. Does that show enough skin?” Sara held it up for Gretchen’s expert inspection.
“Not as much as I’d like, but the dress is amazing. And I think you like that blue so much because it’s the exact color of your eyes.” 
“Really? I hadn’t noticed.” Sara wheeled into the general direction of the dressing rooms.
“Just where do you think you’re going?” Gretchen propped her hand on her hip.
Sara stopped and wheeled back around. “I was going to try it on. Is there something wrong with that?”
“Girl, you can’t try on only one thing. Let’s find a few more to compare.”
“Oh good grief, you always make shopping for clothes a big event.” 
“It is a big event. One you should enjoy more. Now come on. Let’s keep looking.”
Two hours and four changing sessions later, Sara paid for the blue dress. Gretchen pushed her chair away from the checkout counter. “I sure hate to use this thing.” Sara put her credit card back in her purse.
“I’m sure you do. What is your balance on that thing?” Gretchen paused to pick up a sample perfume bottle. She sniffed it, sprayed a little on her fingertips, and dabbed behind her ears.
“Ninety-nine dollars and ninety-eight cents,” Sara answered.
Gretchen laughed. “Was this your first purchase on that card? How long have you had it?”
“Yes, it’s my first purchase, and I’ve only had it for six months.” Sara sighed. “I shouldn’t have used it. It’s going to take me forever to pay off the charges.”
“Girl, you look amazing in that dress. It’s definitely worth it. Maybe you should tell Shane to bring a bib. He’s going to be drooling all over himself.”
Sara rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right.”
“No, really,” Gretchen said. “You should show off your curves more often. You have such a tiny waist, and with breasts your size, you look like a Barbie doll. Women pay thousands and thousands of dollars trying to get a figure like yours, and you hide yours under T-shirts. It’s practically criminal.” 
“Where are we going?” Sara realized they were moving past a line of retail stores inside the mall’s atrium, when they should have been in the parking lot.
“To get your hair done.” 
“No. No way. I already spent too much money on the dress. There is no way I’m getting my hair done.”
“Sara, I’ll pay. Let’s just call it payment for my draperies.”
“Draperies that aren’t even done yet.” 
“Oh, I trust that you’ll finish them. Now I know this hairdresser. He’s a legend. And he also happens to be my date for the night, which is why he agreed to do your hair on such short notice. He didn’t want to have to look at bad hair all evening.”
“Very funny. And I thought all male hairdressers were gay.”
“That is so not true.” Sara looked doubtful. 
“Okay,” Gretchen said. “Maybe it’s true for most, but not Hal. I think he just likes playing with women’s hair. Personally, he’s completely straight.”
“Okay, but no matter what he says, I’m not going short. I like my hair long.” 
“You like to be able to hide behind your hair. It’s like your own personal curtain. But I agree. Your hair is gorgeous long. I think you could use some layers though to give your hair shape.”
“Hair has shape? Who knew hair had shape?
“Hair definitely has shape.” Gretchen laid Sara’s doubts to rest.
“All right, I’ll get my stupid hair done. But I’m doing my own makeup tonight.”
“No argument there. Your skin is perfect and your makeup always looks fine, when you wear makeup.”
“Okay, let’s get this over with,” Sara said as Gretchen wheeled her through the doors.
A short, sandy blond man with a lanky build and amazing green eyes stepped forward and gave Gretchen a peck on the lips. “Gretchen, you look stunning, as always.” 
“Hal, you always know how to make a girl feel special.”
So this was Hal. He was just a few inches taller than Gretchen’s five feet. Sara hoped he wasn’t self-conscious about his height. Next to Xanthus, everyone seemed miniature.
Hal looked down at Sara. “Oh, Gretchen, you told me how much potential she had but I had no idea until now.”
Sara wasn’t sure how to take being talked about in third person when she was sitting right there in front of him. 
“You’re beautiful, Sara.” Okay, maybe she could forgive him for his lack of manners. “With my help, you’ll be a goddess.” He reached out, lifted her hair, and let it cascade through his fingers.
Sara wasn’t sure how to respond to that. “Um… thank you?”	
“What kind of products do you use?” Hal continued to run his fingers through her hair. Gretchen was right. He really liked playing with women’s hair. 
“Um, strawberry-scented VO5 shampoo.”
“And?” 
“And a hairdryer?” 
“You’re joking.” His eyes brushed over her hair as he inspected it. “Your hair has a softness and natural shine that I’ve never seen before. You wouldn’t believe how much effort it takes to get a shine close to yours. How long has it been since you colored it?” 
“Um, I don’t color it.” She shook her head.
“Amazing. The color is incredible, black as midnight. With the right cut, it’ll be stunning. We just have to keep it long. I couldn’t bring myself to cut off so much perfection.”
He draped a smock over Sara, wheeled her in front of a mirror, pulled out his scissors, and began to snip. Hal’s scissors danced over her hair. Like confetti, little clumps of hair began to fall. 
Sara closed her eyes and enjoyed the gentle snipping and soft tugs on her hair. In the background, the soft chatter of voices and the sound of the television played for those who actually had to wait for their appointment.
A news program ran and a man’s voice hummed in the background, “Famous deep-sea diver, Josh Talbot, has been missing for over twenty-four hours and is presumed dead. He was last seen diving off the coast of Sicily. Searchers have yet to locate his body.” Sara shuddered at the thought of him drowning at sea. “We’ve just received breaking new from the west shore. Let’s go to Amanda, who is on the scene.” 
Sara opened her eyes, looked at the screen, and saw an inferno. “There has been a massive explosion at Roc Manufacturing on the west shore of Oahu. Firefighters are attempting to contain the inferno, but so far, the winds are fueling the flames. It appears that no one was injured. Four security guards on duty were found unconscious but otherwise unharmed on the south side of the complex. It’s not clear what happened to them or what the source of the explosion was. Hopefully, we will have a statement from them soon.”
“Wow,” Sara said. “That’s pretty scary.”
Gretchen sat down on a swivel chair next to Sara. Her eyes drifted over the television screen absently. “Yeah, it’s really sad. But I’m not going to let anything dampen the mood of your first date, Sara. We are going to have a wonderful time and there’s to be no talk of explosions tonight. Speculate all you want tomorrow.”
Sara smiled. “Yes, ma’am.” 



Triton exploded in a rage. His fists slammed into every sculpture, every wall, and every lifeless marble figure surrounding him. All but one. 
He couldn’t bring himself to shatter the beautiful face, the image that had put him into this fury. This statue was created by goddess and former friend, Aphrodite, and had been sent to him as a gift. It was another attempt of hers to heal his heart. You’d think she’d have given up after two thousand years.
As young children, Aphrodite had been a special friend of his and had had a tremendous effect on him. She’d woven her magic into his heart and into his life. As cousins, they were very close—as close as any brother or sister. As the goddess of love and procreation, she’d showered him with gifts of attractiveness, charm, and magnetism so powerful that it was the rare human female that was able to resist him. 
He’d basked in the attention he got from beautiful women and had fathered many merchildren. The women were a temporary diversion, but the children were never forgotten. At birth, he would steal them away from their mothers and bring them into his kingdom to raise them. 
They were his most perfect creations. He loved each one, daughter and son alike, but their petty problems and irresponsibility pushed him to the brink of insanity. It was that irresponsibility that led to their demise. 
Because they chose to mock Poseidon, they were the makers of their own destruction. Still, Triton had loved them as much as any father and he’d do anything in order to have his children returned to him. 
If only he could snatch them from the clutches of Hades. But Hades did not give up those in his domain without a steep price. Triton had tried bargaining with him countless times. Each time, Hades refused. Now the King of the Underworld wouldn’t even agree to see him. 
Triton looked up at this latest gift from Aphrodite. It was an especially painful jab—the image of a woman best forgotten. It was a reminder of his one great slip that could have brought him infinitely more pain. Who was he lying to? She had brought him more pain. Her memory brought him pain even now.
Triton cursed his own weakness. He had sworn off women, sworn never again to father a child. He would protect his heart at all costs from the painful loss of a father losing his child. The only consolation he found in the situation with this human was the fact that she was barren. If she hadn’t been… 
“Philotheos,” Triton shouted, turning away from the exquisite statue. 
“Yes, Master.” Triton’s faithful servant swam into the room. His many squid tentacles brushed over the piles of broken rubble as he glided across the floor. His wide, bulging eyes surveyed the damage, shocked at the destruction surrounding him. 
“Clean this place up,” Triton said.
Philotheos jumped, startled at Triton’s tone. He rarely spoke to his servants so harshly. Triton forced himself to soften his tone. “Please, I want all traces of this… scene gone. And take that statue somewhere out of my sight.” He shrugged over his shoulder, not willing to look at it again.
“Should I destroy it?”
“No,” Triton roared, his anger threatening to return. He heard the young squid’s heart take off in a sprint. Philotheos was fearful of his master. Triton took several calming breaths before he spoke again. “Do not destroy it. Just put in a location where I will never see it.”
“Yes, of course, Sire.” 
Triton turned his back on his servant and the past as he transported himself to a place where he could be completely alone in his misery—the deepest trench of the Mid-Atlantic ridge.



Sara should have been exhausted from her shopping trip with Gretchen. But with the prospect of her first date with Xanthus, she was giddy with excitement. She wheeled into her bedroom, laid her dress across the bed, and showered. An hour later, she was primped and ready to go. 
Sara marveled at her transformation in the mirror. Her layered hair hung in curls around her face and down her back. She’d put on makeup and her new, pale blue dress. The look was undeniably beautiful. Tonight she felt as pretty as Gretchen always told her she was.
A faint knock on the door woke up the butterflies in her stomach. Sara hadn’t seen Xanthus since last night when he’d kissed her. She hoped he’d kiss her again.
When she pulled the door open, Xanthus stepped inside. He was dressed in a crisp, black Armani suit and green, Italian-silk tie. Wow! was the only coherent thought she could form in her brain.
“Hello Sara. You look amazing.” He smiled and her heart skipped a beat.
Stupidly, all she did was nod. Finally, her brain seemed to catch up and she realized what he’d said. She felt her face flush. “You look pretty good yourself.”
“Thanks. I’m not used to wearing clothes… I mean, um, these kinds of clothes. I’m sorry. I’ll admit I’m a bit nervous tonight.”
“It’s okay, I’m pretty nervous myself.”
“Is everything locked up or do you want me to check the windows?” He lifted the kitchen blinds to inspect the lock.
“It’s all right. Everything’s locked up. Besides, thanks to you, I have a security system.” She grabbed her tiny, silver, coin purse.
“I know, but you can’t be too careful. Are you ready?”
She nodded.
Xanthus strolled around behind her and pushed her chair toward the door. “I have to warn you,” he said, “it’s been a long while since I’ve been on a date, and I’m not completely brushed up on American dating customs. I hope I won’t embarrass you.” 
Sara punched in her alarm code and Xanthus pushed her out the door. 	
“Not likely,” she said. Just being seen with him would have other women envious. “Why haven’t you dated for so long? I’m sorry… I shouldn’t have asked that.” The cool night air greeted her blushing face as he wheeled her out the front door.
“No, it’s fine. I don’t know. I guess I was always too busy for relationships.” He stopped next to a large, black Porsche SUV. Sara looked at the expensive vehicle and raised her eyebrows. This was a lot higher class than usual for her neighborhood. 
He opened the passenger door and lifted her into the seat. The car was warm from the evening sun and smelled of rich leather. She finger-combed her curls as Xanthus folded her chair into the back and came around to climb in himself. 
“So, what is it you do?” she asked as he turned the key. The air conditioning switched on and began to fill the cab with cool air.
“Well, I guess you could call me a soldier,” he said.
“You don’t know?”
“Well, I’m more like a cross between a soldier and a policeman.”
She wasn’t the least bit surprised. He seemed like the warrior type. “So where are you from?” 
“The Mediterranean.”
“How long have you been in Hawaii?” 
Xanthus sighed. “About a month.”
“And you decided to buy an apartment building? You must want to stay a while.”
“Not really. I’m here on assignment. I bought the apartment building on an impulse. I’ll have to figure out what I’m going to do with it before I have to go back a year from now.”
“Oh, so you aren’t staying?” Sara asked, disappointed.
He shook his head. “No. I’m needed back home. I couldn’t ever stay here permanently. You’d love it in the Mediterranean. The sea is amazing and full of life.”
“More so than in Hawaii?” Sara relaxed against the soft leather. She was comforted, listening to the warm cadences of Xanthus’s voice. 
“In Hawaii, sea life clings to the shore line. Where I come from, there is marine life that goes on for thousands of miles.”
“Well, I don’t know much about ocean life. I haven’t been near the shore since I was a small child.” 
“You’re joking.” Xanthus’s surprise was apparent. He glanced over at Sara.
“No, I’m actually terrified of the water. I almost drowned when I was a child and ever since then, I won’t go near the ocean.”
“Really? What happened?” Xanthus’s brows furrowed.
Sara shook her head. “I’m sorry, I’d rather not talk about it.”
“It must have been traumatic,” he said.
She nodded, but didn’t offer more. 

***

Xanthus pushed Sara through the doors of an Italian restaurant across the street from the concert hall. He’d done a search for fine restaurants near the concert. He hoped the food was as good as the reviews said it was. They were seated a few minutes later. 
“I love this restaurant,” Sara said. “My mom and I used to go to the one on the Big Island all the time.” Her eyes were a bright, shimmering blue and her cheeks rosy. She’d never looked more beautiful.
“This is my first time here,” Xanthus said. “I don’t even know what’s good. Do you have any suggestions?”
“The lobster ravioli in tomato sauce is to die for.”
Somehow, Xanthus didn’t think he’d ever consider dying for any kind of human food, but he smiled at her crazy lingo. “I’ll take your word for it.”
The waiter stepped up to the table. “Welcome to the Orchard….”
Xanthus followed Sara’s suggestion and ordered the lobster dish. She didn’t follow her own advice, but ordered something called cappelini pescatore. A short time later, Xanthus came face to face with the most terrifying thing he’d ever encountered—human food. What lay before him looked strange, foreign, and smelled horrible—like nothing he’d ever come in contact with before. 
He took his first tentative bite and came to the immediate conclusion that it tasted as bad as it smelled. He didn’t even have anything to compare it to, but given the taste, texture, and burning hot temperature, the lobster was definitely dead. 
Xanthus did his best to look as if he were enjoying the food. Sara’s company more than made up for the terrible meal. He was both shocked and delighted to see she was not afraid to speak her mind. It was very different from Dagonian females, who rarely spoke to males—and that was only if directly spoken to. Even when they did, they never voiced an opinion. Hades. If he hadn’t been so close to his own mother and sister, he wouldn’t have known females even had opinions. Sara not only had her own opinions, she spoke them clearly and intelligently.
Resisting her enticing scent was still a trial, but he was finding it easier. She was just so sweet. He couldn’t imagine breaching her trust.

***

Sara smiled, enjoying every minute of her date. Xanthus gently pushed her and her wheelchair across a sidewalk lined with coconut trees. The sun was just beginning to set, bringing a warm radiance to everything it touched and the cool, floral-scented air breezed through her hair like a gentle kiss. The glowing concert hall beckoned ahead.
“Sara,” Gretchen squealed the moment Sara and Xanthus stepped through the door. Gretchen hurried over and Hal followed. She beamed at Sara and then looked up at Xanthus. Her eyes went wide and her jaw slack. “Wow,” she mouthed, then composed herself and smiled. “Hi, you must be Xanthus. Sara has told me so much about you.” Gretchen and Hal both had to crane their necks to look Xanthus in the eye. 
“Hello Gretchen,” Xanthus said. “And this must be Hal.”
Hal looked taken aback by Xanthus’s overwhelming presence. “Nice to meet you,” Xanthus said. Hal hesitated a second before he came forward, clasped Xanthus’s hand, and shook. He then turned to Sara and his face lit up. He came forward and took her hand in both of his. “Sara, you look stunning.” She smiled wide, pleased at his compliment. Then she turned to Xanthus.
Xanthus’s eyes were ablaze. 
He was jealous. Wow. How he could be jealous of anyone else was beyond her, but still she needed to squelch this before it got any worse.
Sara released her hand from Hal’s grip and reached out to pull Xanthus in closer. “Xanthus, Hal is my hairdresser.”
Xanthus crinkled his brow in confusion.
“He’s a hairstylist. He just did my hair today.”
“Oh, well he did a wonderful job; you look beautiful.” He made an effort to look relaxed, but Sara saw lingering apprehension. 
Sara wondered how Gretchen was taking all this talk of her looking so beautiful and glanced her way. She should have known. Gretchen’s face was beaming as she smiled and winked at Sara. It was an ‘I told you so’ wink. Gretchen was always telling her how pretty she was. Sara was forever doubtful and now Gretchen was gloating.
Gretchen came forward, taking Hal’s hand. He melted into her side. “We’d better take our seats,” Gretchen said. “Xanthus, you could push Sara to her seat but the aisles are so narrow that it might be easier if you just carry her. She’s not too heavy for you, is she?” 
Sara was mortified.
“This little water lily too heavy for me?” Xanthus asked. “I don’t think so.” He lifted her out of the wheelchair. Sara was surprised by his quick movement and, for a moment, felt off balance. She threw her arms around his neck to steady herself. He had a smirk on his face and she knew he’d done it on purpose. Her heart beat double time. She wasn’t sure if it was from the surprise or the excitement of being held by Xanthus. It was probably from both.
“I’ll make sure Sara’s chair is taken care of,” Gretchen said as she pushed it away.
Moments later, they were seated near the front. Sara looked on in amazement at the concert hall. Plush seats filled the wide hall and even more seats filled the balcony, which seemed to float above the floor. Her excitement built and she had to check herself to keep from bouncing like a toddler in a candy shop. The upcoming performance was a Chinese orchestra with dance performers. It was supposed to be incredible. Sara loved music. It didn’t matter the style or genre—if it was good, she adored it.
Xanthus slipped his arm around her shoulders and she practically purred. It just felt so right being here with him. But how would he feel about her deformed legs? It was easy for him to say he’d like her regardless of what her malformed body looked like. He’d never actually seen it. How would he react to seeing it in the flesh? 
Sara could still remember the reactions doctors had had when she went in for an appointment after leaving her mom. She’d gone in search of hope, but found only despair. The doctors couldn’t have looked more shocked if they’d seen a green alien with squirming tentacles. After days of tests and collaboration, they’d told her the only way she could have any semblance of a normal life was to have it surgically removed. They’d told her there were thousands of people living with no legs and she could go on to have a normal life. But as long as she clung to her deformity, she’d be a freak. 
They were crazy, insane. She’d never been back to a doctor since. But, deep in her heart, she wondered if they were right.
She looked over at Xanthus. What would she do if he rejected her? She didn’t know if she could take it. And when did she start caring so deeply about him? They’d just met. This was their first date. Who knew if there’d be a second? However, the thought of him rejecting her had her terrified.
“Sara, what’s wrong?” Xanthus whispered in her ear.
“What? No, nothing’s wrong.” 
“Is it someone in this hall? Why are you afraid?” He glanced around, looking for the cause of her distress. 
This man was too observant. “It’s nothing, really.” 
The lights dimmed and the music swelled. Sara forgot her troubles the moment the music began. Thankfully, Xanthus seemed to relax too. The next hour and a half they were treated to an amazing performance. The music was lively—a beautiful mix of harmonious tunes paired with nimble, energetic dancers. They moved as one with the music, so much so that Sara became convinced that the music and dance couldn’t possibly exist without each other. 
When the last note had been played, the dancers exited the stage. Sara smiled and sighed. “Wow. That was amazing.” She looked at Xanthus. 
The smile on his face didn’t diminish the intensity of his gaze as he looked into her eyes. “Yes, it was.”
In that moment, she felt as if they were the only two people in the concert hall, and she very much wanted to kiss him. From the look he was giving her, he was thinking the same thing. His hand brushed feathery soft against her cheek.
A spike of adrenaline sent icy shoots through Sara’s bloodstream. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a woman stumble on the balcony and sway backward, teetering over the railing high above. Sara turned her head in shock, knowing she was about to see a woman fall to her death. 
Xanthus uttered a low oath and raised his hand toward the poor woman just before she fell. Sara felt a concussion of energy coming from him, almost like an intense banging of a large drum, but with no sound. The woman looked as if she were being shoved from behind, which of course was impossible since there was nothing behind her but open air. Still, she pitched forward into the arms of a man who was reaching for her. They both fell into the crowd of spectators. 
“How did you do that?” Sara’s voice rasped in a low whisper.
“I did nothing,” Xanthus said, low and hard, suggesting there would be no argument. 
“But I felt…” 
“I did nothing, Sara.” 
She felt tears burning in her eyes. He’d put on a hard mask and she could tell he was furious. She wasn’t sure if he was furious with her or himself, but it was there all the same. She held back the tears, not wanting to humiliate herself.
The ride home was miserable. He didn’t say a word as tension rolled off him in waves. All she wanted was to get home and in bed so she could vent her hurt and disappointment into her pillow.
Xanthus acted as if he wanted nothing more than to be rid of her. He got her wheelchair from the back and lifted her into it. He strode ahead of her to the front door as she wheeled after him. Xanthus opened the door for her to pass through, which she did. She hurried, knowing the tears were coming. She didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of seeing her cry.
“Don’t forget to keep your windows and doors locked. And be sure to set your alarm,” he said before closing the door.
Sara couldn’t believe him. So that was it? At the end of what started out as the perfect date, she got no goodbye, no kiss, and no I’ll call you—just a cold shoulder. 
She narrowed her eyes and straightened her spine. “Actually, I think I’ll go out,” she said to herself as she made her way to her apartment. “Maybe I’ll see the night life in my neighborhood. Then perhaps I’ll sleep under the stars tonight. I could invite some neighbors, like Slink to join me.” She got to her door and fished out her keys. How dare he act as if she had done something wrong! She’d done nothing. 
That night was a long one. Sara’s mind raced as the moon crept across the night sky. She bounced between anger and hurt. She was also mystified at what exactly had happened at the concert hall. Had Xanthus saved that woman? What kind of person has that power? And if he does, who is he? What is he? Where does someone like him come from?



Xanthus slammed his foot down on the accelerator as the ocean view flew past his window. His self-loathing burned deep inside. He had misused the powers Triton entrusted to him. He had ignored his instructions and had meddled in the life of a human. Not only that, he had risked exposing himself.
Xanthus grunted as he pounded his fist against the steering wheel. He had acted without honor. He had put his own personal feelings above duty. He’d even been neglecting his mission. Oh sure, he’d taken care of the latest cargo of waste that was to be dumped at sea. But then he’d known that the owner and board of directors of Roc enterprises were meeting tonight in response to the bombing of the dock. It would have presented the perfect opportunity to gather them together and send them to Triton to answer for their crimes. Instead, he’d gone to a concert with a criminal.
No, he chided himself. As angry as he was, he couldn’t blame Sara, and she was no criminal in his eyes. Still, she was a distraction, and he could not afford distractions. He’d been so worried about her and obsessed with her that he’d lost sight of his mission. 
Xanthus needed to take a step away. After all, Sara had lived among the humans her entire life. She could live a few more days without him. He was so close to fulfilling this assignment. He needed to get his head back in the game.
The main office building of Roc was a dark silhouette against the starry sky. The parking lot spread before him, empty. He could smell the remnants of cigarette smoke, perfume, and sweat. They must have left about a half an hour ago. He slammed his fist into the steering wheel again. What would have been an easy round up would end up being a drawn-out hunt. He will have to track down the five members of the inner circle one by one. These five humans had caused the indescribable pain, suffering, and death of thousands of innocent Dagonians.
Xanthus made a mental list of guilty persons. Number one on his list would have to be the Vice president, Trent McDougall. He was due to take a flight in the morning to the mainland, making his capture a time-sensitive matter. He was probably home at this time. He slept alone. His wife had left him when she’d discovered his mistress and his mistress left him when she’d discovered her gym buddy’s net worth. Mr. McDougall had yet to find anyone to replace either of them.
Xanthus scaled the side of the McDougall mansion. A large swimming pool lapped just below. He loved coincidences that worked in his favor. He slit a large X in the screen and slipped through the bedroom window. McDougall snored loudly, his large, blubbery body covered in a light blanket. Xanthus moved in close, slapped his hand tightly over the man’s mouth, and pinned his arm across his chest.
McDougall’s eyes flew open. He attempted to scream but couldn’t get out more than a murmur of a sound. Xanthus pulled the squirming man out of bed. He dragged him through his house and out the back door. At the pool’s edge, he hissed out the words Triton had instructed him to speak. “I give to you a message from the sea. You have brought death to many of our children. You are now summoned by Triton, King and Guardian of the Sea, to answer for your crimes. You may beg for mercy, you may plead for leniency. You will be given as much compassion as you have shown to those who died an agonizing death at the hands of your poison.” 
Xanthus removed his hand from the criminal’s mouth. The man yelled and cursed, but his eyes were wild and darting around, possibly looking for a miracle to save him. Xanthus reached his hand toward the water’s surface and felt power pulse through him. “I send you to Triton to answer for your crimes.” He pitched the man headfirst into the pool of water. Bubbles rose as the man sank, his flailing legs disappearing into the churning water. A minute later, the water was calm and Xanthus knew the man was gone.
One down, four more to go.



The morning after her date with Xanthus, Sara’s temper had settled down and the hurt took up residence in her heart. The next four days were long and agonizing. Xanthus didn’t come to see her, didn’t call, and didn’t even show up in the building to supervise the repairs and upgrades that continued on without him. She kept waiting for the ache in her chest to lessen, but it didn’t. If anything, it was getting worse. 
Oh, she used every argument she could think of to try to convince herself he wasn’t worth the heartache. She told herself she barely knew him. She couldn’t possibly care that much about him. She tried to remind herself what a jerk he was, blaming her for something he did. She also tried to tell herself it was for the best—he was a deeply disturbed man who regretted saving a woman’s life and because of that, she shouldn’t be getting involved with him anyway.
Day five proved to be a continuation of the torment she’d been living. Sara put in her ear buds and turned on her MP3 player. She listened to her programmed list of sad songs while she lay in bed. When her stomach started to grumble, she wheeled out into the kitchen to make dinner. A faint, unpleasant odor alerted her that she needed to take out the garbage. She pulled the garbage bag out of the can, tied it off, and headed out. 
Sara wheeled her chair out the back door toward the dumpster, the trash bag swinging from her armrest as she listened to a haunting tune and sang softly to herself. 
Phantom voices drifted through the trees. “So beautiful… beautiful…” The words misted through her soft voice and gentle music, caressing her ears. Sara stopped singing and pulled out her buds to locate the origin of the strange voices. 
A moment later, a chilling rumble of laughter broke the entranced mood. “Tane, look who’s wandered into our web.” A familiar, thin stranger stepped out of the thick trees. His smile stretched across his face, showing crusty, yellow teeth. It was her creepy neighbor, Slink. To his left and right lurked two large strangers.
Sara froze. She was behind her building, completely isolated, and there were three scary-looking men staring at her with wicked grins plastered on their faces. Behind them was a thick, darkening grove of coconut trees. Her trusty pepper spray sat ready in her purse—on the floor next to her living room couch.
“Oh don’t stop singing, haole girl,” the man on the right said. “Your song is very pretty. Just like you. Don’t you think so, Ettie?” He glanced at the large man on Slink’s left.
“Oh yeah. That song sure has put me into the mood for tonight’s activities.” 
Oh, dear heavens. What had she rolled into? She’d just wanted to take out the trash, not usually a dangerous event. She was in a panic as she stared up at the obvious threat.
“I have a phone.” Thank heaven she’d put Xanthus on her speed dial. He may not like her or want to talk to her right now, but she was sure he didn’t want her raped and murdered. 
Sara yanked out her cell and punched his number. She had just pushed the send button when it was yanked away from her.
“I don’t think so, little haole.” Ettie walked over to the brick building and slammed the phone against the wall. Small fragments of the phone flew everywhere. Before Sara could react, she was nose to nose with Slink. His rancid breath filled her nostrils, making her gag. 
“You should be afraid,” she said, trying to take control of the situation. She knew her best bet would be to talk her way out of this. Physically, she didn’t stand a chance.
Ettie laughed. 
“And why’s that, princess?” Slink smirked.
“You obviously haven’t seen my boyfriend. He owns this building. He’s about seven feet tall, two hundred-fifty pounds of solid muscle, and very protective of me.” Lying seemed to be her best option. 
“That’s what I’m counting on,” Slink said. “Your boyfriend evicted me. He told me he didn’t like the way I was looking at you. Well princess, he’s really not going to like what I have planned for you tonight. But I’m sure going to enjoy this. I’ve wanted to do this for a long time.”
“He’ll kill you.” Sara’s eyes darted around, looking for a rescuer. 
Slink barked a laugh. “I don’t think so. He’ll never know what happened to you. No one will. And I’ll be long gone before he wonders where you are.”
Sara knew it was a futile attempt, but darn it, she had to do something. She tried to make a break for it, turning her wheels hard. Her goal was to reach the front of the building. If she could just get there, maybe someone would see her and help her. 
She heard laughter from behind as her chair turned in the opposite direction. Before she knew it, she was bumping along over a dirt path into the trees. 
Grabbing onto her wheels didn’t seem to do much more than burn her hands. This situation was quickly spiraling out of control. The darkness deepened as they traveled into the foliage. She had to do something. She always told herself that if she was ever in this situation, she would go down fighting. 
Not seeing an alternative, Sara pushed herself out of her seat. She landed hard on the ground, her body hitting the metal corner of the footrest. 
Slink chuckled, still holding onto the handles of her empty chair. “Nice try, little, crippled haole. Tane, you take her feet, I’ll take the head, and Ettie, you take the middle.” Slink wrapped his skinny arms around her chest and picked her up off the ground. The other two lifted the rest of her and began carrying her down the path. 
Sara fought them with each step—squirming, flailing, and clawing at Slink’s hands locked around her. The rumble of the surf interrupted her struggles. It was growing louder. That was their destination. Oh, please no! Anywhere but there. But that’s exactly where they were taking her, she was sure of it. How better to get rid of her body, than to toss it bleeding into the surf? The sharks would come shortly and get rid of any evidence. She would die in the water, just as she’d always feared she would. 
“Please, please no,” she begged as she increased her struggle. Maybe if she fought hard enough, they’d murder her now, before they raped her. More importantly, she wouldn’t have to go into that ocean alive. Maybe that sounded twisted, but who said phobias made sense? Sara’s fear of water by far outweighed her fear of death.
Finally, Sara wriggled out of Tane’s grasping hands. Desperate to keep hold of her, Tane clawed, grabbing hold of the spandex wrap. In one smooth slide, the wrap came off, falling in a heap onto the dirt path.
“What the…?” Tane shouted as he jumped back.
“What are you freaking out about?” Slink asked. Sara continued to struggle in his grasp.
“She’s a… She’s a…” Tane said.
“Stop babbling like an idiot, and pick up her feet,” Slink said.
“She doesn’t have any feet.”
“Well, she was in a wheelchair. There had to be a rea... son. Stop fighting me, b—hey…” He glared at her as his head bobbed. She was making it difficult for him to hold onto her flailing body. Well, there was no way she was making it easy for him to put her in the water.
“No, man, she don’t have feet, she’s got…” Tane began.
Just then, Sara swung her body with all her might and smacked Tane across the face, knocking him clear off his feet.
“Whoa.” Slink and Ettie dropped her and scrambled away as her body slapped hard against the ground.
“What in the…” Slink’s eyes were wide open in shock. He crept forward as he looked carefully at Sara. Even in the fading twilight, he could see her. Her dress was draped over her body, hugging each feature, giving them a clear picture of her shape as it showed pale against the dark sand. “We’ve kidnapped a… a…”
“Exactly,” Tane said, keeping his distance.
“I’m not a mermaid,” Sara shouted, turning on her side. Only then did she realize that maybe it would be best for them to think she was a mermaid. Maybe then, they’d think twice about killing her. Of course, they might still kill her, put her in a tank of formaldehyde, and sell her body to the highest bidder. The tabloids would have a field day with her.
“Yeah right. Girl… mermaid… whatever. You just shut up while I think,” Slink said. He seemed to be thinking very hard. His eyes narrowed and a slow smile spread across his face.
“Ettie, get the van. We’re taking her with us. She has to be worth a fortune. We may have to keep her for a while. We’ll just need to find the right buyers. And I know a guy.”
A low growl snaked through the trees. It grew louder, driving chills down Sara’s spine, and causing the hair on her neck to stand on end. 
“What… is… that?” Tane stepped back. Fear was thick in the air. Sara was terrified too, but this time it wasn’t the fear of these men that caused it. If a wild animal were loose around here, she was definitely the most helpless of the group. This was turning out to be a very bad night.
The three men stood unmoving, their eyes searching the foliage around them. Darkness blanketed everything and, out of that darkness, an ominous figure emerged. Sara recognized him at once and nearly fainted with relief. Her three kidnappers didn’t share her relief. In fact, after looking at Xanthus’s fury, they would rather have dealt with a lion than this hulking specter of death. 
Xanthus spared Sara only an incidental glance. His focus was on his prey. Sara looked back at Slink and his friends. Slink yanked a gun out from behind his back, making Sara’s heart skip a beat. A shadow flew over the ground, distracting her for a moment. 
When she looked back to see Xanthus, he was gone.
A rasping, choking sound caught her attention. She turned to see that Xanthus had Slink by the throat. How had he moved twenty feet in a split second? Her eyes darted back and forth, stunned at the impossibility. 
Xanthus held Slink high above the ground. The gun dropped as Slink’s feet kicked and flailed. Xanthus spoke. His voice was unlike anything Sara had heard before. It was raw, grating, animalistic, and terrifying. “You dare to touch a daughter of Calypso, human?”
“Please don’t kill me,” Slink said as he clawed at Xanthus’s hand around his throat. Ettie and Tane didn’t spare their friend a thought as they scrambled into the trees.
“Oh, your fate is sealed. I will do what the law requires.” 
Xanthus raised a trident. Its three spikes glimmered in the fading light, the razor-sharp points reflecting the moonlight. A slick, metallic sound made Sara shiver as the middle spike retracted, leaving two points forming a U-shape. 
Xanthus’s movements were quick and fluid. He let go of his grip and speared his trident at Slink’s throat. Slink shrieked as the trident came toward him, straddling his neck and pinning him to a tree. His scream choked off as he grasped onto the prongs, struggling to keep his weight off his neck. 
Why wasn’t he dead? Sara felt sick at the conclusion she’d reached. Xanthus didn’t intend to kill him quickly. One look at Xanthus’s face left no doubt that Slink was not getting out of this alive. What kind of monster was Xanthus? Granted these men had intended to kill her, but he was being just as barbaric.
In a flash, Xanthus was gone. A few short moments later, Sara heard torturous screaming in the distance. Then silence. 
She didn’t know if it was Ettie or Tane, but she knew that whoever had made those terrible cries was now dead.
Slink continued to kick and flail from his perch. “Please. Get me down.” 
“I can’t,” Sara said. “I can’t reach you.” She knew that even if she could, she’d never have the strength to pull the trident out of the tree trunk. 
Sara heard another wail, fainter than the first. A few moments later, it cut off. Another one dead. 
Xanthus would be coming back. Sara shook, terrified at the prospect. He was a homicidal maniac. What law required him to kill these men? There was no such law in the state of Hawaii. And Xanthus had called her a daughter of Calypso and these men humans? He was completely delusional. She’d be lucky to get out of this alive after all.
Sara’s heart was beating out of her chest when he returned. She wanted to tell him not to hurt Slink. Slink may have deserved to spend his worthless life in prison, but she didn’t want to lie here and watch Xanthus kill him. Sara was so terrified that, despite her good intentions, she couldn’t speak.
Xanthus walked up to Slink as he flailed about. Grabbing him by the throat, he jerked the trident from the trunk. “Let’s take a walk, human.” 

***

Xanthus simmered in lethal anger as he held Slink several feet above the ground. He was skinny for a human, and reeked of drugs, alcohol, and body odor. Xanthus forced himself not to crush the human’s windpipe. Just the thought of this vile creature putting his hands on Sara had Xanthus feeling murderous.
“Please, don’t kill me,” Slink said.
“I would love nothing more than to kill you. But I won’t. If you had succeeded in your plans tonight, I would have killed you without hesitation. Instead, I’m sending you to a place where you can never harm or threaten another innocent, and if you knew what fate awaited you, you would be pleading for death.” 
Xanthus stepped to the edge of a rocky overhang and pointed his trident toward the water lapping below. Slowly, he lowered Slink into the water. “I send you to the Panthon Prison human cell block to answer for your crimes.” Xanthus knew the prison would accept humans without question. 
Small shoots of seaweed sprouted from the sand and slid over Slink’s feet. They slithered up and over his skin like a hundred thin, green snakes, cocooning him as they moved up his body. His eyes bulged as he opened his mouth and gave an ear-piercing wail.
Xanthus had also wondered if the screams came more from fear or pain. Triton had explained how the Heitach worked and had given Xanthus the power to command them. They required water to call them forth, and when they came, they not only covered their victims, but also poisoned them, causing an excruciating amount of pain before temporarily shutting down all bodily function. Miraculously, the cocoon would keep the human alive for transport to any place Xanthus commanded. 
These were resourceful creatures. They could get through any barrier, travel any distance around the world, and they instinctively knew the exact place you ordered them to go. If he wanted to, Xanthus could send this man to the United States president’s oval office and the secret service would be powerless to stop them. 
Slink drifted away from shore. His wails were cut off as the Heitach covered his face just before he slipped under the surface. 
Xanthus made his way back to the grove of trees. There, encircled in darkness, he found Sara. She was curled up, weeping, her body trembling. 
Xanthus felt tormented, guilty. He’d known that she wasn’t safe among the humans. But he’d left her anyway, to complete his mission. Well, his mission was nearly complete. Only one guilty person remained to be sent to Triton. Regardless of his duty, Xanthus should never have left Sara unprotected. The humans were dangerous beings. Of course, Xanthus knew she wouldn’t be any safer among Dagonians. What in Hades was he to do with her? 
What he wanted to do was carry her off to his home and lock her up safe, where no one could hurt her again. In those long moments tonight when he had been unsure whether she was dead or alive, he’d been frantic. Then it struck him. 
He loved her. 
He loved her with his whole heart, soul, and being. Xanthus knelt down next to her small form on the hard ground. For the first time, he saw with his eyes the evidence of what she really was—a true daughter of Calypso. Her perfect tail fin shone pale against the dark sand. 

***

A whispered breath against Sara’s face let her know that someone was very close. 
“Sara. You’re safe now.” Xanthus’s voice, so terrifying just a moment ago, was now feathery soft. 
Against her better judgment, Sara’s fear turned to relief. A sob shook her chest as Xanthus’s arms surrounded her. Her hands clawed their way around his neck as she clung to him and cried. 
“Shh. It’s all right. You’re safe.” He stroked her hair.
What was she thinking? This man was dangerous, a murderer. Still, she couldn’t seem to help herself. Even though he’d just killed three men, in his arms she felt safe, protected. 
Sara was obviously just as crazy as he was.
“Come on. Let’s get you out of here.” Xanthus slipped his hand underneath her and lifted her off the rocky ground. She kept her arms tight around his neck and tucked her head in the crook of his shoulder.
“I’m so sorry I wasn’t here to protect you,” he said. “I never should have left you. I won’t make that mistake again. Tonight you’ll stay at my place and rest. Then I’ll decide what’s to be done.” 
“Your place?” Sara’s head shot up. “Please, Xanthus, I want to go home. I’d just like to climb under my blankets and try to forget what happened here.”
“Sara.” Xanthus frowned. “Since I found you, I’ve spent day and night watching you, worried about you. And if you think I’d take you home and leave you unprotected after you were nearly murdered… Great gods of Olympus. I leave you for a short assignment and look what happened.”
“I’m sorry,” she said, “but you have to see this from… wait a minute. You went on an assignment? Why didn’t you tell me? I thought you were angry with me, that you weren’t talking to me.”
“You thought I was angry with you?”
“Yes. Well, if you weren’t angry, why didn’t you call me? Or tell me where you were going?”
“I… I didn’t think of it. I’m sorry if you were upset.” 
“I didn’t say I was upset. If you want to leave without a word, it doesn’t mean a thing to me. I mean, it’s not like we’re in a relationship.” Sara felt as if she might start crying again.
 “Oh Sara, I wasn’t angry with you, I was angry with myself. And I’m sorry I didn’t call you.”
 “Wait a minute.” She whipped her head around. “We passed my wheelchair.”
“I’ll come back for it later.” He shrugged, heading in the direction of the parking lot.
“Oh, no you won’t. I can’t leave it out here. Someone will steal it.” 
Xanthus sighed, turned back, and stepped toward the chair. Blue lights flashed through the trees. 
“Is that the police?” Sara asked. 
“Looks like it.” 
 “Of all the times for them to show up in this neighborhood. They never have before. Oh no, they’re going to arrest you for murder, aren’t they? I mean when they find the bodies.”
“There are no bodies.” Xanthus said.
“Then you didn’t kill them?” 
“No, I didn’t.” He sighed. 
Sara was elated. “Then where are they? Maybe Slink called the police. But that’d be stupid. They were the ones trying to kidnap me.” 
“Sara, as much as I’d love to continue this conversation, I think we’d better get out of here. I’m supposed to keep a low profile.” 
Xanthus sat her down in the wheelchair, lifted both her and her chair off the ground, and headed back toward the beach. “Hey, where are we going?”
“We need to get out of here.” 
“But this path leads to the ocean.” Sara’s heart started pounding.
“Exactly.” Xanthus’s eyes focused on her, his voice firm. “I’m a very strong swimmer. And I’m sure you’ll find you are too.”
“Oh no, I am not. Listen, I don’t know what you think I am, but I definitely don’t swim.” Sara looked down at her fin in shock. She curled it under the chair, trying to hide it.
“I know exactly what you are and you are built to swim.” 
“No, I am not. I have a deformity…”
Xanthus’s growl stopped Sara mid-sentence. “Don’t ever say that again. You are perfectly formed.” 
The man was insane. He really was.
Xanthus and Sara reached the shore. Sara’s eyes were wide as she gulped in gasps of air. The surf looked like a great beast that threatened to devour her. Xanthus strode toward it, fearless.



Sara’s chest squeezed the breath right out of her as panic set in. Xanthus lowered her and her chair down to the sand. He stripped out of his clothes and stepped into the lapping water. It was a testament to how terrified she was that she didn’t give his amazing body a thought as she sucked in air and tried to wheel through the thick sand, attempting to escape. 
The water began to churn and bubble. “You might want to close your eyes. You don’t want to see this.” 
Somewhere in the back of her mind, she heard what he said, but she didn’t pay much attention to it. She was too busy trying to get away. All she could think about was the thundering sound of the surf and the giant, threatening waves. Sara started to sob as her chair refused to budge. In desperation, her eyes locked onto Xanthus as she sat, petrified. 
Xanthus bent forward, groaning in agony, and squeezed his arms around his chest. His growl increased in volume and then turned into a shriek as the skin on his legs ripped open, peeling back to expose slick, red muscles and white tendons. 
Sara gasped in horror at the grotesque sight, the ocean waves suddenly forgotten. Each of Xanthus’s muscles pulsed and throbbed as they grew and morphed. Muscles and tendons snaked around Xanthus’s exposed legs, wrapping them from front to back as if they were tying his legs together. 
Gray skin rippled down from his waist, covering the exposed flesh all the way to his ankles. Below his ankles, the white bones of his feet had torn through his skin and stretched like skeletal branches. The bones were soon connected with white elongating tendons and then covered by the advancing grey skin forming a great fin. 
When the transformation was complete, Xanthus’s head flew back as he shouted in triumphant. Shock-driven adrenaline jolted Sara’s body. Xanthus looked magnificent and ferocious. It was like coming face to face with a vicious shark. 
Sara opened her mouth to scream but the scream choked off when the recognition hit her. She sat frozen, her mouth agape. Xanthus’s fin was much like her own deformed legs—the same shape, the same form. The only difference was that hers was flesh colored and his was grey. He must be… a merman? And if that were true, was she really a mermaid? 
Sara sat stunned. 
She’d never known a merman could look so deadly. Sara’s eyes rose to his face. Xanthus looked apprehensive, as if he sensed her alarm. When she saw his trepidation, her fear melted away. This was Xanthus, the man who had been watching over and protecting her since the moment they’d met. He might look lethal, but he would never hurt her.
Sara shut her mouth and swallowed. Her eyes, burning with curiosity, brushed over his body in a careful examination. Xanthus was amazing. The skin on his upper body was tanned, muscled, smooth, and hairless. His lower body was dark grey, almost black. His fin looked long and muscular. It fanned out darkly in the sandy surf. He was wearing a wide, gold belt at the waist that matched the gold armbands around his biceps. However incredible his form may have been, what was even more amazing was the fact that he was suspended in the air. 
This merman could fly.
“Are you a…?” Sara licked her parched lips.
“Dagonian. We’re both Dagonians. Well, you’re half. But you’re the perfect image of one, except for your blue eyes. Dagonians only have dark brown eyes.”  
“So I’m not a mermaid?” 
“No, you’re not. The children of Triton are extinct—killed off two thousand years ago at the command of Poseidon, Triton’s own father and King of the Greek sea gods. You’re a descendant of the unlikely union of the gods Dagon and Calypso. Dagon is a sea god in the Sumerian pantheon. Calypso is a sea goddess of the Greek pantheon.”
“Oh, well that that clears everything up,” she said. 
Sara’s heart took off in a sprint when Xanthus approached her. She guessed her heart hadn’t yet gotten the news that he wasn’t a threat to her. Xanthus leaned down, wrapped his arm around her waist, and lifted her out of her chair. Her tail brushed his for a moment. His fin felt rough like sandpaper, where hers was soft, smooth, and no different in texture and color from the rest of her skin. 
In one quick move, Xanthus flung her beloved wheelchair a mile out to sea. Okay, maybe it wasn’t a mile, but this Dagonian had incredible strength. 
“What did you do that for?” Sara asked, breathless.
He put his hand under the backside of her fin and lifted her into a cradle hold. “We can’t leave any sign that we were here.” 
“Xanthus, please. I really can’t swim. In fact, I’m terrified of the water.” Sara realized where he was about to take her.
“You’re going to have to trust me. You can do this.” Xanthus’s confidence was apparent.
Sara shook her head, tears welling in her eyes. “No, I can’t. I really can’t go in the water. I’d rather you make me disappear like you did those three men.”
“Sara, don’t be ridiculous. We don’t have far to go.”
“Please, don’t make me do this,” she said, going into full panic mode. Xanthus raised an eyebrow at her protests.
“Can you breathe underwater?” he asked.
“Oh no, please no. It’s the most horrible thing imaginable.” 
Xanthus must have taken that for a yes, because the next thing Sara knew, she was headed straight for the water. Before she could scream, they broke through the water’s surface. It washed over her face and body, enveloping her in a black nightmare. 
At once, she was fighting him with everything she had. Bubbles churned around them as she struggled, squirmed, clawed, and ran out of air. In one great terrible gulp, she took in a lungful of water. 
Then she fought harder.
Xanthus had a tight grip around Sara’s waist as she battered his chest and clawed at his face. He responded by releasing one of his arms from around her waist in order to pin her arms down. Now all she had was her fin, which she flailed with all her might, scraping it against his sandpaper skin. She was raw emotion, raw terror. 
After a long time of desperate struggles, exhaustion eventually wore her out and Sara was left so weak she couldn’t move. Sobs shook her chest as unrecognized tears floated from her eyes into the seawater. 
When she’d cried all the tears she had, the haze of fear lifted and she was left feeling drained–emotionally and physically exhausted. Even holding her head in place was too much of an effort and her head bobbed back and forth in time with the strokes of Xanthus’s tail. It was a relief when she felt his hand press her cheek into his chest. 
It was a long time before the strained breaths of water began to pass more easily in and out of her lungs. Then a miracle occurred. Her fear melted completely away and she relaxed in his arms. 
She could hear Xanthus’s watery breaths. They were smooth, even, and slow. It was pitiful that as hard as she fought, he wasn’t even winded. Or would the correct term be “watered?” 
Sara was soothed by the rhythmic stroke of his fin. With her ear at his chest, she heard the steady beating of his heart. Those thump, thump, thumping sounds relaxed her even more. She closed her eyes just to rest them for a moment. Even her eyes were tired.
“Sara?” Underwater, the tones of Xanthus’s voice woke her up. She hadn’t even realized she’d fallen asleep. How much time had passed? It didn’t feel like too long.
“Sara? Are you all right?” He spoke again. His voice hummed in the water and was laced with real concern.
Sara knew he was waiting for a response. Her first instinct was to give him the silent treatment. After what he’d put her through, he didn’t deserve an acknowledgement. However, Sara was curious to see what her own voice sounded like underwater. She wasn’t going to let him off the hook yet, so she settled on, “I’m not talking to you.” Her voice sounded not only weak, but also strange and foreign.
Sara felt his chest shaking and heard a low rumble.
“Oh no, you did not just laugh me.” Anger seemed to give her strength. “You heartless beast. You think my situation is funny? You didn’t even know if I could breathe underwater, but here we are anyway. I could have died.” 
“You said that breathing underwater was horrible. That meant you could do it. I would have never…” 
“Did I say I could?” Sara interrupted. “You assumed. Thank heaven you assumed right or I would be dead. And I told you I was terrified of the water. I can’t believe you pulled me under anyway.”
“Sara, I would never have let you drown. I know it was terrifying, but it worked, didn’t it? Are you still afraid?” 
Sara couldn’t think of a thing to say about that. She wasn’t about to admit he might be right. Instead, she changed the subject. “Where is your house? It’s in the Pacific ocean, isn’t it?” 
“Actually, it’s in the Mediterranean Sea. Remember?”
“What? We aren’t swimming there, are we?” 
“No, we aren’t swimming to the Mediterranean.” She heard the smile in his voice and was angry all over again. 
“Ouch,” he said. 
Oh, yeah. She pinched him. Hard too, which was about all she could do. It wasn’t her fault he was stronger than she was. Xanthus let the pinch slide without a comment. 
“We’re going to my houseboat, near Waikiki.” 
“Waikiki? What is taking us so long? We should have been there hours ago,” she said, exaggerating.
“We took the scenic route.” 
The faint glow of a boat appeared in the distance. As they got closer, Sara made out more boats lined up in a row. “How are we going to get on your boat without anyone seeing us?” 
“I have a hatch that opens up from underneath. No one will see us.” Xanthus swam up to the boat closest to them and farthest from shore. Underneath, she could make out a dark, round door. 
He positioned them below the door, pushed open the hatch, and swam straight up. His head broke the surface of the water a fraction of a second before hers. As she breathed out, ocean water poured from her mouth and down her body. The next breath she took in filled her lungs with warm, humid air. It felt so good to breathe air again.
The room they were in was dark with no windows and a sealed door was just ahead of them. Xanthus closed the lid on the hatch they had passed through and turned a handle to lock it in place. The room was now pitch black, but Xanthus seemed to know exactly where to go. Without hesitation, he moved over to the sealed door and opened it.
He reached down under Sara’s fin and once again lifted her up into a cradle hold. In a smooth motion, they were moving through the door. He turned and sealed it shut. They were traveling through what looked to be the main living area, dripping water all along the way. For a houseboat, it was incredibly spacious. Or maybe Sara was just used to her tiny apartment. 
It was also very masculine, with dark, knotted, wood-paneled walls. Sconces shaped like old lanterns gave the room a warm glow. The windows were covered with blinds and shut tight. Sparse, oversized furniture was placed randomly throughout the room—a huge leather couch, a large, flat-screen television, a table with two matching chairs. That was about it. 
The few items Xanthus had looked expensive and there was not much in the way of a décor theme. It was a typical bachelor pad. Actually, this was the first bachelor pad she’d been in. But it’s what she would have expected.
Xanthus sat Sara down on his leather couch. As soon as he moved away, she began to shiver. It felt a little chilly but she guessed her tremors were coming more from shock than the cool air. 
“I’ll be right back,” Xanthus said.
Sara nearly fell off the couch as she leaned forward to get a better look at him as he moved. Her eyes widened in shock. Instead of the vertical walking movements she was used to, he appeared to swim through the air. It looked surreal and amazingly cool.
Xanthus passed through the door of his bedroom and out of sight. She heard a tortured growl. Again, she leaned forward, clutching the arm of the couch. “Xanthus? Are you all right?” He didn’t answer right away. For several moments, she was worried. When she was about shout out again, Xanthus walked back in the room wearing a plush red robe. His legs were back. How in the heck did he do that? 
Sara sure wished she knew. Her heartbeat picked up as she considered the possibility that he might know how she could grow two normal legs. Could it be possible?
Xanthus had a white robe clutched in his hands. Sara slipped her arms in the oversized sleeves and belted the robe around her waist. 
Okay, now that she was clothed and safe, she needed some answers. Sara shot a glare in Xanthus’s direction. “All right, Mr. Dimitriou, it’s time for you to answer a few questions.” She had a million. Her first one was a no-brainer. “How in the world are you able to grow legs?” 
“They’re a gift from Triton. When I’m on dry land, I have legs. When I enter the ocean, I get my fin back.”
“Triton, huh? You don’t think he would ever…” 
Xanthus frowned and shook his head. 
That would be a no. Triton would not be giving her legs. Well, that stunk, but it wasn’t like she knew what she was missing. She’d spent her life in a wheelchair. She guessed she would be staying in one. Still, that one glimmer of hope that had come and gone so quickly was devastating.
Xanthus frowned, pity written across his face. Like he cared anyway, Mr. Nice-one-minute-Jerk-the-next. 
“I get it, no legs for me,” Sara said. “I do have one question I need to ask you.” 
She pulled her hair back to keep it from getting the back of her robe wet. “Do you have a towel?” 
“A towel? That’s your one question?” Xanthus smiled.
“What? No, of course not,” Sara answered, feeling foolish.
“Just a minute.” Xanthus left and came back with a towel. 
“So what is the one question you want to ask me?” He looked doubtful. The couch sagged as he sat down next to her.
“Why were you so angry after saving that woman?” Sara saw his eyes darken at that question. 
“I was angry with myself,” he said. “That night, when I saved that human, I broke one of Triton’s most basic rules. I am never to interfere in the lives of humans unless they threaten our way of life or me. I misused the power he granted me. It was a breach of trust.” Xanthus paused and sighed. “I just didn’t want you to see a woman fall to her death. Then when you asked me how I saved her, it was like having an accusation flung in my face. I was angry with myself. I acted dishonorably.”
“Are you sorry you saved her?”
“No. I’m not sorry I saved her. But my personal feelings shouldn’t supersede Triton’s commands. Was that all you wanted to ask me?” He smiled but the smile didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Sara gave half a smile back. “No, there is another.” She scrunched her brows in confusion. “How in the world can you fly?”
Xanthus’s smile turned genuine. “I don’t fly. I hover.” 
“Fly. Hover. Whatever. How did you do it?” 
“See this these bands?” He pulled his sleeve up to show the familiar metal band around his bicep. He also had matching ones on his other bicep and waist. 
 “Yes.” Sara nodded as she looked at the gold band with the strange writing.
“They are maj bands. You humans might call them anti-gravity bands.”
“Oh, wow. That’s really cool.” Sara reached out, touched the metal, and traced the strange writing. “Is that another gift from Triton?” 
“No. This one was a gift from Calypso to all her descendants. We’ve had them for about a hundred years.” 
“So you grew up with them?” Sara draped the towel around her shoulders.
Xanthus looked away. “Actually, I was around a while before they were gifted to us.” 
“Excuse me?” Sara’s pulled on his arm. “I must have heard you wrong. I thought you’ve had them for a century.”
He cleared his throat and shrugged. “I did.”
“How old are you?”
“Does it matter?”
“Xanthus…” Sara said.
He paused as if to brace himself for her reaction. “I’m a hundred and sixty-four.”
“A hundred and sixty-four? How can you be a hundred and sixty-four? You don’t look a day over twenty-five.”
“Sara, we Dagonians are immortal. I’ll look exactly this way for the rest of my life.”
“What do you mean, you’re immortal?”
“We don’t get old, we don’t get ill, and we only die from serious physical trauma.”
“So I’m half-Dagonian right? Am I immortal too?”
“I don’t know.” Xanthus shrugged. “Since you’re half-human, you may suffer from human ailments. Have you ever been sick?”
“I had food poisoning when I ate some bad chicken.”
Xanthus shook his head. “That doesn’t count. That was your body’s way of getting rid of rancid food. But you’ve never had a cold, flu, fever?”
Sara shook her head.
Xanthus sighed in relief. “That’s a good sign.”
Sara nodded. She was having a hard time accepting what he was saying. Could she really live forever? Was she one of them? Then a thought struck her.
“How did you know I was a Dagonian?” Sara turned, leaned against the corner of the couch, and tucked her fin up underneath her.
Xanthus looked embarrassed at her question, but still he answered. “I could smell you.”
“Smell me? Why? Do I stink?” she asked, appalled.
“No, you smell good. Beyond good.” The last part he spoke so low she’d almost missed it.
“So, do all Dagonians smell like I do?” 
“Only females when they are… fertile. It is a very compelling scent. You actually smell quite different from the typical female, although it’s much more appealing to me than any other I’ve come in contact with. It must be the human in you.” Xanthus cleared his throat. He looked uncomfortable with these questions.
“How often are we fertile?” Sara didn’t care whether these questions were embarrassing to him. This was her life, darn it.
“Once a year, for about two weeks.”
“Oh. That’s why I only have a period once a year.” Had she just said that out loud? That would go under the heading “TMI” (too much information). 
“So, I really am half-Dagonian?” Sara asked. “I actually come from the sea? Oh my gosh, my mom isn’t crazy. She really was trying to send me to my father when she tossed me off a cliff.”
“She did what?” Xanthus shouted. Sara was embarrassed. She shouldn’t have said anything.
“It was years ago,” she said, trying to shrug off what had been the most traumatic day of her life. 
“Tell me what happened.”
Sara was a bit irked at his tone, but she answered anyway. “My mom couldn’t handle the pressure of raising me and tried to send me off to live with my father.”
“So she tossed you off a cliff into the ocean? How old were you?”
“I’m not sure. I think I was four or five.”
“No wonder you were afraid of the water. How long was it before she returned for you?” Xanthus’s voice was strained.
“It seemed like a very long time, but it must have been less than a day. I didn’t have to spend the night clinging to that rock, thank goodness. To my mom’s credit, she did have to climb down some very jagged rocks to retrieve me. We both ended up with quite a few cuts and bruises.”
Xanthus growled. “The more I learn about your mother, the less I like that woman.” 
“Yeah, she’s not the sanest person. She is beautiful though, which is probably why she attracted the attention of a Dagonian. I wonder who my father is.”
“I have no idea. Most Dagonians avoid humans at all costs. I’m shocked one of us got close enough to father a child. But whoever he is, if he’s found out, it will mean a death sentence. Intentional contact with a human is forbidden and carries with it a capital punishment. Procreating with one would be much worse.”
“So where does this leave me? What will happen to me if I’m found out?” A worried crease pinched Sara’s forehead as she gnawed on her bottom lip.
“Nothing will happen to you,” Xanthus said in dark, even tones. Sara heard an unusual popping sound and looked down. Xanthus’s fingers were gripping the couch cushion so hard that he’d ripped the fabric at the seam.
“But how can you be sure?” His reaction was scaring her.
“Because, they’d have to kill me first,” he said. 
Whoa. She hadn’t expected that answer. 
Sara looked at the large Dagonian, his black hair still wet, curling around his chiseled face, and his broad shoulders framing a formidable physique. Why would he be so protective of her? She wasn’t anything special. There must Dagonians that were more appealing. He shouldn’t be giving her the time of day. 
“Do I look like other Dagonian women?” she whispered.
“No.” He shook his head. 
She knew it. Judging by how gorgeous he was, Dagonian women would have to be beyond stunning. Sara furrowed her eyebrows, disappointed. 
He lifted her chin and raised her face to meet his eyes. “You’re much more beautiful.”
Sara’s heart fluttered at his words. She thought a stupid grin might have spread across her face, but she wasn’t sure. She was too preoccupied with being flabbergasted. 
“Really?”
“Yes.” Xanthus’s mouth turned up in a smile. “Still, you could pass for a Dagonian if it weren’t for the eyes. A Dagonian’s eyes are only ever dark brown.”
Sara began to consider the possibilities. Did they have white picket fences in the ocean? She couldn’t ask him that, so instead she asked, “Are there colored contacts I could wear underwater?” 
“I don’t know. Dagonians don’t have a need for them. There’s another problem. I doubt you know how to speak Atlantian.”
“Oh my gosh. There really is an Atlantis?” Sara leaned forward.
“Yes. It’s a bit run down and outdated.” Xanthus leaned toward Sara and rested his arm on the back of the couch. “But it still has a sizable population. I’m from the much more modern city of Corin.”
 “How many Dagonians are out there?” she asked, leaning her head against his arm.
“Total?” 
Sara nodded. 
“About eight million.” Xanthus stroked her damp hair.
“Do they live in all the oceans?” She leaned closer to absorb his body heat.
“Yes, but most live in the warmer climates of the Atlantic.”
“Wait a minute.” Sara’s head rose. “How did you learn English? Are there a lot of Dagonians here on dry land? And what are you doing here?”
“Slow down, Sara.” Xanthus draped his arm around her and nudged her back against his side. “I was one of a few Dagonians who studied English as part of my job. To protect ourselves from human discovery, we have to know about them, learn how they think, discover their weaknesses and strengths. It was necessary for me to get to know them and to know them I had to speak their language.
 “And I’m the only Dagonian on land. Dagonians as a rule stay far away from humans. I have no idea how your father got close enough to a human to father a child, but obviously he did.” 
“So what are you here for?” She curled up into his side.
“Triton sent me. And you don’t need to know more than that.” 
Sara yawned wide. The evening was catching up to her. Her eyes were feeling heavy. “How in the world could I be tired at a time like this?” 
Xanthus chuckled softly. “It’s the after-effects of adrenaline.” He leaned back, propped against the plush arm of the couch, and pulled her down to lie across his chest.
Sara wrapped her arms around him and laid her cheek against him. Once again, she heard the beating of his heart. She wanted to ask him what he would do if he found out who her father was, but she didn’t think she wanted to know the answer. 

***

Sara’s breathing deepened and her body sagged, limp against Xanthus’s chest. He looked down on this slip of a woman who had effectively woven herself into his heart. Her heart thumped softly against his stomach and her warm breath breezed against his chest. 
He leaned forward and pressed a kiss on her head. His heart clenched as he realized how much he loved her. 
He would kill for her.
He would even die for her. 
At the same time, he was tearing apart at the seams. He was having an identity crisis. He’d lived his entire life ruled by duty and honor, but now, he’d turned his back on those rules—all because of this woman. Truth be told, he began to doubt even before coming here. Even now, the council continued to debate whether to declare all humans who ventured into the sea, free game. That was something he would not be able to accept, regardless of what the council decreed.
Xanthus’s belief system was being ripped apart. He’d lived by the system that said laws and rules must be followed, without question. Now he was plagued with doubt and uncertainty. How could you call someone a criminal when they never voluntarily committed a crime? How could being born be a crime? How could he continue enforcing laws when he questioned the rightness of them? Who was he to pick and choose which laws were enforced and which were not? 
But if he hadn’t questioned, if he’d blindly followed, Sara would be dead right now, and that would be the true crime. Of that, he had no doubt. Then there would be no one to provide justice for her.
Why had he hesitated to kill her in the first place? Was it truly because she had a pretty face? If he’d found a burly, half-human man instead of a delicate woman, would he have completed the execution? 
Xanthus had to admit he would have. And wouldn’t that have been just as much of a crime as killing Sara would have been? 
Yes, it would have been.
So who was the guilty party here? 
He was. 
Sara sighed. Her face scrunched up as if she were having a bad dream. Xanthus whispered words of comfort to her and stroked her head. Her face relaxed. A small smile tugged at her mouth as she hummed in contentment. Xanthus looked down on her and knew his life would never be the same.



A cool breeze brushed Sara’s body like a caress. The bed surrounded her in a warm embrace. The glow of daylight seeped through her eyelids. They were especially hard to open this morning. There were no pressing deadlines ahead—they could stay closed for a while. 
Wait a minute. Her bed was never this soft.
Sara’s eyes flew open.
She lay in the middle of a king-sized bed, centered inside a room with wooden-planked walls and two portal windows. A plush, maroon blanket twisted around the end of her fin and draped off the side of the bed. The robe she wore gapped open. Underneath the robe, her clothes were a wrinkled mess. Sara flicked her tail and the blanket slipped off and fell to the floor.
Sara looked around. Memories from the previous night flooded back into her mind and the surrealism of the situation overwhelmed her. She was in Xanthus’s houseboat. He was a Dagonian and she was half-Dagonian. And fairy tales were true—well, at least mythological ones were.
Sara spotted her wheelchair sitting beside the bed. Her pink sundress and her spandex wrap lay neatly folded on the bedside table. Xanthus must have retrieved them last night. They reminded her of how much her life had changed in one night.
 Where should she go from here? Should she go about her life as if nothing had changed? Where would Xanthus go? How long was he going to stay on dry land? He mentioned something about returning in a year.
Sara remembered the thoughts she had had of a white picket fence. In the daylight, they seemed silly. This wasn’t a fairy tale story. Xanthus wasn’t going to carry her off into the crashing waves where they would swim home to his oceanic castle and live happily ever after.
If she did go home with him, she’d probably get herself executed just for existing. And if any human saw her for what she was, they would be in danger too. Her mom could be in danger, maybe even Gretchen. So here she was, knowing she didn’t belong with Xanthus and knowing she didn’t belong with humans. Where did she belong?
One thing was certain. She didn’t belong in his bed (at least not until they were married). Okay, that was a slip. Sara couldn’t possibly marry Xanthus. She didn’t belong in his world and she was sure the only reason he’d been paying her so much attention was because she was the only female Dagonian (or half-Dagonian) he’d seen in she didn’t know how long. And she was apparently fertile right now, which she guessed caused her to be somewhat appealing to him. She was sure he wouldn’t find her attractive any other way.
Now that her head was screwed on straight, maybe she could pull herself out of bed. Reaching over to her wheelchair and using her tail as leverage, she raised herself off the bed and sat down into the seat. She grabbed her clothes, placed them on her lap, and wheeled into the bathroom. 
An old-fashioned, claw-foot tub greeted her as she rolled in. A massive spout hung over the tub like a giant, sleepy sunflower. Showering here would be like lying in a downpour. Xanthus must not recognize the advantages of using a sprayer hose to wash. Well, it was an advantage to her. She didn’t remember the last time she’d had a bath, but it couldn’t be too complicated.
She filled the tub with cool water. Looking down at the rippling water, she smiled when she felt no anxiety. She stripped out of her clothes and locked the brakes on her chair. Putting her weight down on her fin, she lifted herself over to the side of the tub. After lowering her hips into the water, her fin slipped under the surface. When the tub was full, she turned off the spout.
As she laid there with cool water lapping up the side of her neck, she realized the enormity of the situation. She was sitting here, submerged in water, and she wasn’t freaking out. Would miracles never cease?
Sara didn’t even need Gretchen’s psychologist, Dr. What’s-his-name. All she needed was to face her fear. Of course, it helped having a muscle-bound Dagonian force her to do it, but she guessed it was worth it. She closed her eyes and tested herself further by lowering her head under the water. There was a slight flutter in her chest. She couldn’t tell whether it was fear or excitement. That was a good thing.
One more test. She took in a lungful of water. The burn was excruciating. Sara began thrashing the moment she realized her mistake, and it wasn’t just any mistake. It was a huge mistake. How was she to know that breathing tap water was not like breathing ocean water?
Sara tried to scream but her throat closed off. She flailed her body around in the tub, trying to get a hold of the side. She had to get some air. 
Finally, she grasped the side of the tub, pulled herself out of the water, and heaved herself over the side, spilling her body and gallons of water onto the floor.
Through a panic-filled haze, she heard Xanthus pounding on the door. “Sara, what’s going on?” 
She was desperate for help. Please, let him come in. Lying on her back, she clawed at her chest. 
More pounding. 
“Sara, if you don’t answer, I’m breaking down the door.”
Sara realized with a shock that she was completely naked. She made a swipe at the nearby towel on the rack and pulled it down to cover herself. Most likely, the towel would be her death shroud. 
With a loud crash, Xanthus burst through the door. In an instant, his steel fingers were like vices around her shoulders as he shook her hard. “Sara, breathe.” His shouts rang her ears.
She tried to obey, but she couldn’t get her throat to loosen. Her eyes were wide and fixed on his face, her fingers scratching and clawing at her throat. Her mouth gaped open, struggling to suck in a breath of air. Xanthus leaned in as if to kiss her. Instead, he pinched her nose, covered her mouth with his, and breathed out hard. 
Sara’s lungs expanded and felt as if they would burst. Now they were filled with water and air. As Xanthus pulled away, a fountain poured out of her mouth, and then gurgling bubbles coughed out from her throat. With great effort, Sara squeezed in a breath of air, whistling it through her swollen windpipe. It felt and sounded as if she were breathing through a tiny straw. Then she coughed out more water and then dragged another howling breath in before her windpipe began to relax.  
“Hades, Sara. What were you thinking?” Xanthus pulled her hard against his chest.
Sara didn’t answer. She couldn’t. She was still sucking air into her lungs and sobbing on top of that.
“If I hadn’t been here…” Xanthus said. “I swear, little half-Dagonian, I don’t know how you’ve survived as long as you have. I’ve been with you a few weeks and have had to save you from death more times than I can count.” 
That was a big exaggeration. “Just twice,” she said between sobs.
“Oh, Moro Mou,” he said. “You only die once.” Xanthus continued to crush her against his chest, holding her for a long time after she’d calmed down. He seemed to have a more difficult time recovering from this incidence than she did. Finally, he let her go. Mumbling his frustration in Atlantian, he turned to snatch the sundress off the floor. When he looked back at her, he froze. Sara was clutching the drenched towel over her body. He looked at the towel, at the tub, at her drenched hair, and then at the large puddle of water she was sitting in. “Did you cover yourself with a towel after pulling yourself out of the water?” he asked, dumbfounded. 
Sara’s face burned as she nodded.
Shaking his head, Xanthus grabbed another towel off the rack and flung it, along with her dress, over his shoulder. “Of all the insignificant…” he began and then suddenly stopped. Sara looked down in embarrassment. 
Xanthus cleared his throat, “Come on, we need to get the chlorine washed out of your lungs and gills.” He knelt down, tucked her drenched towel around her, and lifted her off the floor. 
Sara wondered how he was going to… “Oh no, please just let me breathe air for now.” 
“Don’t you dare, I did not get beaten to a pulp last night for nothing. You are going into the water.” And so she did, a few moments later. 
If Sara had wanted to push it, she’d have several legitimate charges of kidnapping against Xanthus, but seeing as how he kept saving her life, she’d let them pass—for now.
Xanthus led her through the water as she swam around the bay. Sara had wondered if swimming was instinctive for a half-Dagonian. Just moments after getting into the water, she realize that no, it definitely wasn’t. 
On her own, Sara couldn’t seem to move in the directions she wanted to. She was sure, to Xanthus, who was full Dagonian and grew up in the water, that she looked ridiculous. Her fin jerked every which way and her hands clawed at the water in an attempt to pull her in the right direction. As she struggled, she ran into several parrotfish, slapped a trumpet fish, and had innumerous scrapes on her hands from grasping the coral and sea urchins.
Sara had to give Xanthus credit. He hadn’t laughed, at least not so she could see. There were several times he disappeared for a few moments and came back looking almost too serious.
“Are you sure I’m a Dagonian?” Sara asked, feeling out of her element. “I mean, I know I look like one and I know humans can’t breathe underwater, but I did a little research myself and did you know that there was an experiment done years ago where rats were found to be able to breathe underwater? And if we look back far enough into the past, each of us is descended from fish. I always thought that maybe…”
“Sara, stop trying to rationalize it. You’re a Dagonian. There’s no other explanation. You aren’t deformed. You aren’t an anomaly. You, well, here, let me show you something.” Xanthus swam up close to her and brushed his fingers behind her ears. “These are your gills.”
Sara marveled at how strange it felt to have his fingers brush at something behind her ears. She hesitated for a moment before she reached back to feel for herself. What she felt shocked her. There were flaps, like the underside of a mushroom. 
“Wow, I… I can’t believe it,” she said.
“Believe it. You’re half-Dagonian.”
“But how did I miss that? You’d think I would have noticed.”
“The gills only open underwater. When you surface, they seal tight. It’s a way of protecting them. Gills are very delicate. Now, back to your swimming lessons.”  
Sara continued to struggle through the water. If not for the beauty around her and the company of Xanthus, she’d be utterly depressed and completely discouraged.
In the daylight, the ocean was very different and so beautiful. The fish were vibrant, the water was clear blue, and the coral bloomed all around, forming mounds and hills. 
Not only was the ocean gorgeous, but Xanthus had never looked better, He was definitely in his element. His powerful body glided, twisted, darted, and traveled at inhuman speed through the water. His movement looked like a dance choreographed by the gods. In comparison, Sara felt like a twitching idiot. 
It had been close to an hour and Sara still couldn’t swim straight. She couldn’t imagine ever being able to swim like Xanthus. That Dagonian sure could move, especially when she sort of had a brush with a tiger shark. She was glad Xanthus hadn’t had to hurt him. The shark took one look at the big Dagonian and shot away in the opposite direction. 
 “Sara, you’re using the coral as a crutch. You can’t crawl across the ocean,” Xanthus said, peeling her fingers off the coral.
“I just can’t do it. Maybe I’m too human.”
“You’re doing fine. Just let go and we’ll review the proper way to move. Look at me. The movement starts at your head and then travels down your body all the way to your fin. Like a wave. Keep waving and keep your head pointed in the direction you want to move.”
Sara did as he explained. Suddenly, her body was gliding through the water. She took a quick glance back at her waving tail. When her head came up, a blowfish was inches from her face. It was gone a moment later, darting away in a flash. She sighed, wishing she could swim that fast. The wall of coral that seemed so far away, swelled in size as she neared its jagged wall. She threw her hands out and curled her tail underneath her, trying to slow her movement.
Xanthus tugged her to a stop. “Good, that’s just how to do it. You’re doing great. All you need now is more practice.”
“What I need is breakfast. I’m starving,” Sara said.
Xanthus gestured at the fish around them. “Take your pick. I’ll catch it for you.” 
“Oh no, I don’t eat my food live. That is one human thing I must insist on.”
“You like sushi, don’t you?” 
“Well, yes. But it’s not swimming when I eat it. It’s dead.”
While they were having this discussion, a parrotfish swam a little too close to Xanthus. Like a cobra, his hand whipped out and snatched the fish. The next thing Sara knew, he was ripping the fish’s head off.
“Here, this one is dead.”
“That is disgusting. Besides, it’s illegal to kill a parrotfish.”
“Not where I come from.” He smiled.
“What about the scales and bones? Do you have a knife to fillet it for me?” she asked, expecting him to say no.
Instead, he pulled a knife from his belt. “Parrotfish fillet coming up.” 
In a few smooth strokes, he peeled off layers of scales. In another stroke, he peeled away a long, thick fillet of meat and handed it over to her. Sara hesitated before she took it. 
What was she supposed to do now? She looked at the fillet and felt the soft meat between her fingers. “Okay, I’ve cooked fillets like this a thousand times, and do I love sushi. I can do this,” she said to herself. She made the mistake at glancing over at the head of the dead fish as it floated away and she began to gag. She took several breaths of water and closed her eyes, then lifted the fillet to her mouth and took a nibble.
Sara opened her eyes in surprise. “Mmm, it tastes good.”
“Of course it does.” He smiled.
After she finished off the fillet, Xanthus offered her the rest of the fish, “Oh, no. I couldn’t eat another bite.” 
“You sure don’t eat much,” he said just before he finished off her fish.
“I get enough. As big as you are, you must eat enough to feed an entire family.” Xanthus proved her right when he ate two more large fish before he was done.
 The discarded carcasses were left to smaller fish that huddled in groups to nibble. Sara noticed the tiger shark hadn’t returned. “What happened to the shark?”
“Don’t worry, Moro Mou.” Sara’s heart fluttered at the obvious endearment. “Even large sharks stay away from a full-grown Dagonian. I’m surprised that little one came near you. He must have thought you terribly injured.”
“Very funny.” She glared at him as he smiled. He was probably right. She punched him hard in the arm and began to float away in the opposite direction. Xanthus moved in so that they were face to face. She kind of liked that about being in the water. He no longer towered over her.
“You know, little half-Dagonian, no one has ever gotten away with striking me as often as you. In fact, no one has ever struck me without retribution.” What he was saying might have frightened her if it hadn’t been for the smirk on his face.
“What do you think I should do about it?” he asked.
Being this close to him gave her a rush and she answered in the best way she could. She kissed him.
His lips were warm, soft, and very willing to kiss her back. When she started to float away, he clutched her face to hold her in place. Sara wrapped her arms around his neck, pulled her body up against him, and wrapped her tail around his. Xanthus’s grip tightened just before he growled and broke off the kiss. “That’s not a good idea, Mou.” His jaw was clenched as he untangled their fins.
“What’s wrong?” 
Xanthus closed his eyes and blew out a watery breath. His brows furrowed as he straightened his arms, putting distance between them. “You should never wrap your fin around a Dagonian you’re kissing, unless you intend to mate with him.”
“Oh,” she said, embarrassed. “I didn’t know.”
“Which is why I ended the kiss,” he said, taking controlled breaths. He shook his head and whispered something in Atlantian. It sounded like a curse. 
Sara felt like a fool. Xanthus looked up into her face, his lips turned up into half a smile. He took another deep breath and gave her a small peck on her pursed lips. “You have a lot to learn, little half-Dagonian. Don’t worry. I’ll be here to teach you. But right now, we should be heading back. I have movers coming to pack and take my things over to the apartment building. And then later there’s a crew coming to replace your counters.”
 “You’re going to be my neighbor?” Sara felt as if a weight had been lifted off her back. Funny, she hadn’t realized how threatened she’d felt living alone.
“I don’t see how I have much of a choice. You seem determined to get yourself into trouble. I’m just making a preemptive move.”
Xanthus pulled her to his chest and swam them toward his houseboat. This situation still seemed surreal to her. She was in the arms of a gorgeous Dagonian, and she wasn’t dreaming. Anyone seeing them would think he was a merman and she was a mermaid.
“Xanthus?” 
“Yes, Mou?”
“What happened to the mermaids?”
“Why do you ask?” he asked, as if the question surprised him.
“I’m just curious. I’ve always wondered if I might be a mermaid. Now I know I’m not, but I’m still intrigued by them.” 
Xanthus looked down. For a moment, he looked guilty. “Well, from what I’ve been told, the Mer, or sirens as many often call them, were quite different from us. They were lovers of mischief, especially when it came to humans. They saw humans as a source of amusement. They would lure them in with their songs and the humans, unable to resist their voices, would steer their ships toward shallow rocks. The mermaids thought it was hilarious watching the ships crash on the rocks and the men drown in the sea. 
“Occasionally, a mermaid would get a human close enough for him to try to steal a kiss. Then she would grab hold of him and pull him underwater to drown him. Still, because of the beauty and mystery of the Mer, the humans were fascinated by them. 
“The Mer took their songs and games too far when they choose to mock Poseidon. When Poseidon lost the temple in Athens to Athena, he was furious. He was one of the greater gods, after all. Then a certain Siren began to sing a song about his defeat. It was a disrespectful song that exploded in popularity and, before long, all the Mer were singing it. When Poseidon heard the song, he went into a fit of rage and ordered them killed—every merman and mermaid.”
“Wow, that’s pretty harsh,” Sara said.
“The gods aren’t known to be forgiving or tolerant.” Xanthus shrugged.
“So how different did the Mer look from Dagonians?”
“We’re similar in body, but differ in temperament. Dagonians are very proud and arrogant. The Mer were very flighty, attractive, but also mischievous. And those humans who thought that someone so beautiful could never harm them died a quick and often painful death. In fact, we Dagonians called the Mer children of the sharks.” 
“So why don’t the humans have any legends about Dagonians?” 
“Because Dagonians keep far away from humans. The few humans who have had contact with Dagonians and lived, assumed that the Dagonian was a Mer.” 
Xanthus adjusted his grip, pulling Sara closer under his chin. She held tight, feeling his muscles ripple under her gripping hands, as he swam. The warm current rushed across her face. It was amazing how fast he could swim, even with a passenger. She wondered if a mermaid could swim as fast. She doubted, from what he was saying, that they ever had Dagonian and Mer races.
“So, I take it Dagonians didn’t get along with mermaids.” 
“We feared the wrath of Triton enough to leave them alone,” Xanthus said. “But, Dagonians hated the Mer. You’d be hard-pressed to find a Dagonian that’s sorry they are all dead.”
“Are you sorry?” She wondered if he was hardened enough to be glad a whole race of merpeople were dead. 
“To tell you the truth, I am sorry for what happened. That was pretty harsh of Poseidon to kill them all, every mermaid and merman. And my mother who is much older than me told me they were not all as bad as so many Dagonians made them out to be.”
“How old is your mother?” 
“I’m not sure,” Xanthus said, surprised. He sounded as if he’d never thought about it before.
“You don’t know?” 
“She’s very old. More than two thousand years.” 
“You’re kidding,” Sara said.
“Not at all.” She heard the smile in his voice.
“So she might have known some of the Mer,” she said.
“I’m sure she did. My own great-grandmother was a mermaid.” 
“Wow. So you’re part Merman?” 
“Some,” he conceded.
“So has Triton had any more children?” 
“No, he hasn’t. Losing all his children in such a violent way made him vow that he would never father more.” 
 “If Triton did have more children, what would Poseidon do? Would he kill them too?” 
“No, all the guilty have been punished and any new children of Triton would be held guiltless.”
An ethereal glow shone through the milky blue water as Xanthus’s houseboat came into focus. “Looks like we’re home,” she said. Her face burned red when she realized what she said. “I mean, it looks like we’re at your home.” 
Xanthus chuckled. “Yes, we’re home. Well, it’s home for now. Would you like to swim from here?”
“Sure, but I’ll need help getting in. I don’t levitate like you do, Houdini.”
“Houdini?” 
“He was a famous magician.”
“Okay, Mou,” he said, “I’ll levitate you out of the water.”
She took a few stuttered tail swishes forward until she got a smoother rhythm going. “You’re doing so much better, Sara. Before you know it, you’ll be swimming better than Michael Phelps.”
“Oh, thanks.” She rolled her eyes and swam toward the surface. “I’ll be able to swim better than a human. I can’t believe how quickly I’ve become accustomed to thinking of myself as other than human. I guess I never felt much a part of the human race. So what do you call someone who’s half-human, half-Dagonian?”
Xanthus looked away and shrugged.
“You don’t know a name for someone like me?” 
“Sara, it’s been so long since we’ve had a half-human that we had no need for a name.” What he said made sense, but he was acting way too strange for her to believe him.
“You do know a name for it. You just don’t want to tell me.” 
“Come on, Mou. We’re going to be late.” Xanthus avoided the subject as he pulled her into his arms. He left her stomach behind as he sped them though the water, up through the hatch, and into his houseboat. He continued on as he raced her into his room, plopped her down on the bed, left, and closed the door behind him. Sara wasted no time peeling off her dress and changing into dry clothes.
A few minutes later, there was a soft knock at the door. 
“Come in, I’m decent,” she said as she continued to wrap her fin.
Xanthus walked in wearing shorts, a white t-shirt, and flip-flops. His damp curls were still dripping. “It’s a shame to cover such a beautiful tail fin, Mou.” 
Sara scrunched her eyebrows and chuckled. “That still freaks me out, you calling it a tail, although I always knew it looked like a tail. I thought just thinking of it that way would mean I was completely insane.”
“Here, let me.” He took her fin, carefully folded it over, and wrapped it. “I’ve never seen a tail so flexible.”
“It’s had years of training.” She smirked.
He finished the wrap and lifted her into his arms. “I’m sorry you’ve had to hide for so long, Moro Mou.”
“It’s not so bad.” She shrugged.
Xanthus looked sad as he gathered her in his arms to leave. A moment later, he carried her outside into the warm, Hawaiian air.
“Hello, Xanthus.” A tall, blonde, voluptuous woman waved from the other side of the dock and sauntered over.
 “Danielle, I haven’t seen you for a while. It’s good to know you’re back,” he said.
“Yes, well, I’ve had a lot of problems to deal with at work,” she said. Xanthus raised an eyebrow.
“This must be your sister, right?” Danielle’s eyes were a bit too narrow as they darted down to Sara’s spandex-wrapped stump. This woman was jealous. She hoped Sara was his sister.
“No, this is Sara. Sara, this is Danielle, a neighbor of mine.”
“A very close neighbor,” Danielle said. A smile tugged at Danielle’s lips when she laid her hand on Xanthus’s arm. How close a neighbor was she? Sara’s eyes shot over to Xanthus. He was hard to read. He looked a bit bored with the whole exchange, almost too bored. He was hiding something.
“I’m sorry we can’t stay and chat, Danielle, but I have some men coming to install counters in Sara’s apartment.” Sara wondered why he neglected to tell her he was moving.
“Oh,” Danielle said with a sigh, obviously relieved. “She’s one of your tenants. It’s so nice of you to help out someone in her condition.”
Danielle put her hand on Sara’s arm and spoke to her as if she were a small child. “Sara, you’re a beautiful girl. Don’t ever let anyone tell you that you won’t find love just because you’re crippled. You have such a pretty face.”
Sara’s fingers dug into Xanthus’s arm and she had to clench her jaw to keep herself from saying something she would later regret. Sara waited for Xanthus to tell Danielle he cared for her. But he didn’t. He wasn’t going to tell her. There must be something going on between them and he obviously wasn’t willing to end it. 
“I’ll see you later, Xanthus baby,” she called out and strutted away.
Still holding her in his arms, Xanthus strode over to his SUV and placed her in the passenger seat. He pulled out his cell phone and talked while he walked around and got in the driver’s seat. “Hello, this is Xanthus Dimitriou. You have some men coming to move my things this afternoon. I was wondering if you could have them come tomorrow instead.” He paused. “Yes, I know. Something has come up.” He ended the call and snapped his phone back in its holder.
Sara felt as if she’d been punched in the stomach. Was he breaking up with her? Of course, it couldn’t really be a breakup—they’d never made being together official. Still, it was obvious that he didn’t want to tell Danielle that he was interested in her. Actually, he’d never said he was interested in her. Maybe to him, he was just protecting another Dagonian. After all, that’s what he did, and a few stolen kisses didn’t make him her boyfriend. Sara’s stomach was sick when she realized she’d been reading way too much into their relationship. She pulled the seat belt across her body and blinked back tears.
Xanthus turned on the SUV. He waited until he pulled out onto the road before he spoke to her. “Sara, I need to explain.”
“You don’t need to explain anything, I don’t own you.” As the words fell from her lips, she made a realization. She may not own him but he owned her—both heart and soul. Whether or not she wanted it, her heart belonged to him, but broken heart or not, she still had her pride.
“Sara, please let me explain.”
“You don’t need to. I understand perfectly.” 
“No you don’t understand. Haven’t you wondered what kind of assignment I’m here for?”
“Assignment?” She turned, giving him her full attention.
“Yes, assignment.” Xanthus sighed. “We’ve had two Dagonian colonies destroyed due to humans dumping poison into the waters in the South Pacific. I’ve been tracking down the origin of the poison, and I’ve traced it to a factory here in Hawaii. I’ve brought the guilty to judgment. Thank the gods I was able to stop them before more damage was done. There’s only one loose end I still have to tie up, then hopefully things back home will calm down enough to avoid an open war.” 
“So Danielle is part of this?” Sara wrung her fingers together.
“She’s right in the middle of it and guilty as sin.” 
“So is she your loose end?”
“Yes,” he said, to her relief. 
“What are you going to do to her?” She wondered if he would punish her himself.
“She’ll answer to Triton.” 
“Wow, Triton?” Sara guessed she shouldn’t have felt so jealous of Danielle. She would be terrified to be in her shoes, facing an angry god. 
“Yes, and don’t ask me what he’ll do. I don’t know. I only know it won’t be pleasant.” 
“So if the Dagonians decide to retaliate against the humans, how much damage could they do?” 
Xanthus sighed. “We could do a lot of damage. About half of the human population lives near the ocean. With massive tsunamis strategically triggered, we could wipe out about three billion.”
“Three billion…” Sara felt dizzy. “Hawaii would be gone, everyone would be killed.”
“Unless you were lucky enough to be hiking to the top of Mauna Kea. At 13,000 feet, you’d probably survive.”
“And this is all because we polluted the waters in the South Pacific and killed… how many?”
“Over three thousand… and for a Dagonian with a lifespan as long as ours, that is astronomical.” Xanthus shook his head. “And it’s not just that. Humans have been polluting so much of the seas in the last few decades, much of it is unlivable.”
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered.
“You have nothing to be sorry for. You’re not at fault.” 
“No, but my people are.” Sara hoped that Xanthus could stop this war. But how could one man make a difference?
As Xanthus and Sara pulled into the apartment parking lot, Sara gasped at the sight. It was filled with trucks—Al’s construction, Wall-2-Wall Flooring, Water-Works Plumbing, Pest-Assassin Exterminator Service, Bright-Light Electrical, Kinimaka Brothers Painting Service… 
“I take it my apartment isn’t the only one you’re updating,” Sara said.
“I’m just doing what any responsible apartment building owner would do. I do have to act the part. Besides, there are small children and old women living in this building!”
“I’m not complaining. Your tenants are going to love you.”
“I’m not looking for love from these humans,” Xanthus said.
“You may not be looking for it, but you’re going to get it.”
Xanthus didn’t respond, the frown on his face said it all.
That evening, Sara relaxed in Xanthus’s arms as one of the Star Wars movies played on her little television. She was really too tired to pay much attention to the movie. Watching Xanthus and the other men work was exhausting.
“You really should have let me help today,” she said.
“Hm? What?” Xanthus said, distracted by a space battle. Then her words sunk in. “Sara, we went over this. You could get hurt doing manual labor. Besides, that’s what I was paying those men for.” 
Sara rolled her eyes. “You helped.”
“They needed my help,” he said.
Sara bit her lip when she was about to say, Yeah, right. 
“Humans have quite the imagination.” Xanthus said absently.
Sara looked up at him. “George Lucus sure does.”
She smiled when she noticed he still had a few lipstick smudges on his face. Like it or not, his tenants now adored him.
“Did you want the last sushi roll?” he asked.
“You can have it,” she said as she lay her head down against his chest and closed her eyes. “I’m glad you found some human food you could stomach.”
“Barely stomach,” he said, correcting her.
Late into the night, Sara awoke in her own bed. She wondered if Xanthus had gone.
She got into her wheelchair, rolled out into her living room, and found him asleep on her couch. At least, half of him was on her couch. His long legs stretched out over the side onto the floor. He didn’t look at all comfortable. 
Sara sighed. He was so adorable, like an angelic, sleeping giant. And he was willing to forgo comfort to make sure she was safe. She returned to her bed and fell asleep smiling.



Xanthus swam through the darkened hall toward a secret room located deep inside his father’s mansion. He searched for any servants, or worse, his father. He wasn’t supposed to be here. He wasn’t too nervous—it was long after everyone’s bedtime. His father was asleep and wasn’t there to tell him that he couldn’t go in that room. “It’s no place for a child,” his father had said. But Xanthus was tough. His father just didn’t know him well enough.
Xanthus’s tiny hand pushed the heavy door open. He jumped when the lights turned up. He almost fled back to his room. But warriors don’t flee from danger, and, someday, he’d be the bravest warrior ever.
When he turned back into the room, his eyes fell on a beautiful sight—the face of a female. Her pale hair haloed her perfect features. Xanthus was about to swim away before she had a chance to see him when he realized something was not right. Her milky white eyes were open, but they couldn’t see a thing. She was dead. 
Her body floated in a tank—a tank similar to those they kept their fish in at dinner time. But this one stood taller, the water tinted green.
Xanthus wanted to leave, but he had to be brave. What had happened to the beautiful female? He forced his little body to swim closer. His eyes widened when he saw her chest. Right where her heart should have been was a gaping hole. The sight sickened him. He no longer cared about being brave now. He had to get away from here.
Xanthus turned and swam straight into his father. “Xanthus, what are you doing here?”
“Father,” he said. “I was just going back to my room.” 
“So you think you can just go and I’ll forget that you disregarded my order?”
“I’m sorry, Father…”
“No. You wanted to see it. So here, take a good look.” His father dragged him over to the tank and pressed his face against the hard glass.
The female’s lifeless eyes stared back at Xanthus. He didn’t want to see it, but he couldn’t resist looking at the gaping, jagged hole rimmed with pale flesh and broken ribs.
“Do you know what she is, son?” his father asked.
Xanthus’s brows knitted in confusion. It was obvious she was a female Dagonian. But maybe she wasn’t. Why else would his father ask that question? He shook his head.
“It’s a pathetic young mermaid. She begged me for her life, but warriors don’t listen to sniveling cowards, son. Before I killed her, I cut out her tongue. Then I tore her beating heart from her chest.”
Xanthus frowned, his stomach soured. His father was a coward, boasting about killing a weak female. “Why did you kill her?”
“She’s a mermaid, that’s the best reason,” his father said, with glee in his voice. 
“What about King Triton? Why didn’t he stop you?”
Xanthus’s father glared at him. “Poseidon ordered that we kill all the Mer. The day the last one was killed was a day of celebration for every Dagonian.”
Xanthus didn’t understand. He’d thought when he became a warrior, he’d be protecting females. Not killing them.
His father snarled and dragged him close so they were nose to nose. “You pity them?” The current of his breath brushed Xanthus’s face.
Xanthus was too scared to answer truthfully, so he shook his head.
“You’d better not. The Mer were fouler than humans. I only wish my sons could have joined me in their slaughter.”
“Well? Are you coming, son?” his father asked. Xanthus found himself outside dressed in full battle gear. His father floated nearby. “They’re this way,” his father said. “Be ready. Sirens can be clever. Be sure to put in your earplugs. You don’t want to be caught around a Mer without them.” 
“Yes, Father,” Xanthus’s deep voice answered as he shoved the wax plugs in his ears. He was now a grown warrior following his father into battle.
Xanthus’s eyes darted toward movement in the kelp fields. A figure hid in stalks. His father took off after it. At that moment, Xanthus saw movement from another section of kelp. He shot through the water, snaking around the great stalks of kelp in pursuit. He could see the figure racing as swiftly as it could. But it wasn’t fast enough. Xanthus easily overtook it. He grabbed the fin, jerked the fugitive to a stop, and then he yanked on the slate black hair to turn the mermaid’s head to face him.
His heart stopped.
“Sara?” he whispered in horror as his eyes rested on the terrified face of the woman he loved. 
“Good, you caught her, son.” His father’s muted voice reached his ears as he emerged from the swaying kelp. Blood trailed from his hands, clouding the water. He’d obviously caught his Mer.
“Now make me proud. Let me see you rip her heart from her chest.” 
Xanthus turned to his father in shock. He couldn’t kill her. This was his Sara. He loved her.
“You hesitate? You must never hesitate. Don’t forget Poseidon’s decree. You must kill her!”
Xanthus turned to Sara. She trembled in his grasp, looking on him with abject terror. She opened her mouth to scream. His father moved like lightning, grabbed her tongue, lifted his knife, and sliced. 
Xanthus jolted awake, his heart slamming against his chest wall. What the Hades? He heaved hard breaths as he tried to process what he’d seen. 
It was a strange mixture of memories and false dreams. He’d had that same nightmare many times over throughout the years, with no variation. Until now. This time, instead of capturing a nameless mermaid, he’d caught Sara. He felt sick remembering the terror in her eyes—as if she thought he would kill her. Then his father…. 
Xanthus sat up on Sara’s worn couch and dropped his face into his hands. His body shook as he tried to banish the image from his mind. 
Thank the gods he wasn’t alive when Poseidon gave that foul decree. Xanthus had killed plenty of hardened criminals throughout his years as a warrior but he abhorred killing females. He didn’t know what he would have done if he had lived at the time when all Dagonian solders were ordered to kill the Mer. He didn’t want to think about it.
Still, why would he be dreaming about killing Sara? 
For his peace of mind, Xanthus looked in on her, sleeping peacefully in her room. She was safe. The dream wasn’t real. He walked over to her, pressed a kiss to her warm forehead, and inhaled her unique, intoxicating scent.
A moment later, he walked back into the living area and spared the clock a glance. It was 1:14 AM, too early to get up. He lay back on the couch and did his best to reclaim his sleep. But the horror of the nightmare wouldn’t leave. He needed to clear his mind. He had planned on waiting until morning to finish his assignment, but now was as good a time as any to tie up the last loose end.
Xanthus left Sara’s apartment, making sure everything was locked and the alarm was set. His phone was on and fully charged. He’d had the alarm company link his phone to her system. If Sara’s alarm tripped, he’d know immediately. 
Back at his houseboat, he showered—he was surprised to find he enjoyed showering. He loved the spray of the water on his face. Because it was tap water and not seawater, he was able to enjoy it as a human. Being human wasn’t as much of a bother as he’d thought it would be, but dressing in clothes was one of his least favorite things. They were scratchy and uncomfortable. Still, they covered his ugly, hairy legs. Even female legs were grotesque to him, but at least they were generally hairless. 
Danielle had thought to entice him by wearing short skirts and showing off her long legs. But they just sickened him. He had to hone his acting skills with this assignment. Tonight, he needed to woo her.
Xanthus put on dark swimming trunks, flip-flops, and nothing else. Danielle loved looking at his bare chest. Somehow, tonight, he needed to entice her into taking a late night dip in the ocean. He estimated that would take about two seconds. 
As he walked out onto his deck, he saw a couple of young neighbors lounging on their boat, drinking beer and listening to music. That was unfortunate. He’d have to take Danielle somewhere more secluded. He’d hoped to get back to Sara sooner than later. Leaving her alone was making him anxious.
In the darkness, Xanthus strolled down the dock to Danielle’s houseboat. He picked up a few pebbles and, one by one, tossed them to her bedroom window, attempting to awaken her.
The curtains fluttered and then were pulled back. Her glowing face appeared and she opened her window. “I knew you’d come calling.” She smirked.
“I was just about to take a late night swim and thought you might like to join me.” He raised an eyebrow.
“Sure, sweet thing. Just give me a moment.” Danielle walked out her door five minutes later, wearing a bikini top, a tiny, wraparound skirt, and stilettos.
“I know a great place that’s just a short drive from here,” he said as he walked her to his SUV.
“Babe, with you looking like you do, I’ll follow you to the ends of the earth.” She raked her eyes over him.
He responded with his own hot once-over. “You don’t look so bad yourself.”
She smiled and chuckled.
Their destination was just a few miles down the shoreline. He pulled off. Thick foliage lined the road. He squeezed his SUV as close to the trees as possible. “The shore is just a short walk and I’ve never seen anyone else here. We’ll be completely alone. You don’t have a problem with that, do you?”
Danielle laughed, deep and throaty. “Oh, you’re real funny.”
They’d taken a few short steps into the palm tree line when she stumbled, “Oh, my ankle. I’ve twisted it.” 
Xanthus knelt down and inspected her injury. “It looks all right to me. Do you want to go back?” 
“Oh, no. It just smarts a bit. I’m sure I can swim fine. But walking on it hurts. Do you think you can carry me?” she asked, her big eyes blinking, the corners of her mouth turned down. Pitiful.
He would rather not carry her, but he really looked forward to having the job done. A Dagonian does what he has to do.
“Sure thing, sweetheart.” Xanthus swept her up and she giggled, wrapping her arms around his neck. He strode forward, anxious to reach the shoreline. His eyes scanned the trees and he listened for other people in the area. He heard nothing. Danielle was at his mercy and he had a few words to tell this woman before he delivered her to Triton.
“Danielle?”
“Yes, Xanthus?” She smiled and licked her lips.
“How do you live with yourself?” He no longer masked the coldness of his voice.
“What?” she asked, her eyes wide, confused. “What are you talking about?” 
“Do you know what harm you’ve caused with your illegal dumping? Did you and your board of directors just decide one day not to follow the proper procedures of neutralizing and disposing of your waste? Did you think there would be no consequences to destroying whole ecosystems and all life within a thousand square miles?”
“Who are you?” Danielle’s eyes narrowed.
“Oh, you’ll find out soon enough.” Xanthus approached the ebbing surf and stepped into the water. He felt the change coming and was careful not to crush the human woman in his arms during the transformation. His body clenched and Danielle started thrashing around.
“Let me down.” She pushed against his chest and then struck him across the face. When the pain of his transformation left him, he tossed her into the shallow water. Danielle scrambled and splashed, trying to get to her feet. 
“You can’t prove anything. I had…” She looked up to confront him and gasped in horror. “What… are you?” she asked as she stumbled away.
“I am your enemy, Danielle. Now meet your fate.” Xanthus reached out his hand toward her and gave her Triton’s message. Her eyes widened and her mouth gaped in the terror.
Then he summoned the Heitach. “I send you to Triton to answer for your crimes.” Xanthus cringed when he heard her wails. Once she was gone, the relief of having his mission accomplished washed over him. Danielle was no longer his worry, but Triton’s. His job was done.
Xanthus returned to Sara’s tiny, uncomfortable couch and the rest of the night, he slept in peaceful bliss.



Sara finished washing her hot chocolate mug in her new low sink, placed it in the dish drainer, and pulled the plug. She’d never realized how easy it could be. She could actually see what she was doing and she didn’t have any bulky ramp taking up valuable space in her kitchen. 
She wiped down the new stainless steel sink and faucets. They sure looked better than the old scratched and stained ones she’d had before. And the granite counters were amazing. She didn’t ask how much the upgrades had cost Xanthus, but she could tell they were expensive. Sara felt a twinge of guilt. With the threat of war, she knew being excited about a new kitchen was a pretty frivolous thing.
Sara could hear Xanthus bumping around his apartment as he once again rearranged his furniture. No matter where he put his things, the apartment wasn’t going to get any bigger. He was just going to have to deal with the lack of space. She knew that she’d been all for his moving in to the apartment building, but that was before she had a chance to think about how big he was and how small the apartments were. She tried to tell him he didn’t need to move in here, that she could take care of herself, but he refused to listen. 
Sara wheeled over to her little kitchen table, turned on her laptop, and clicked on the web-creator program. Bills still had to be paid and work needed to be done. She only had a couple of minor changes on the latest web design. This job had taken up the better part of the last several weeks and Sara was so ready to be done. 
She smiled as she pulled up the finished web site online and looked. The pages were well organized, the graphics were amazing, and she checked off each requirement given her by Steve Rowling, the owner of Rowling’s Bowling and Billiards. She clicked through each page and was more than satisfied with the finished product.
Wow. She may have hit an all-time high. This was her best web site yet. She’d even gotten a bowling ball to roll across the screen, revealing the name of the bowling alley and then, after the ball rolls off the screen, you heard the sound of pins dropping. 
Sara shut down her computer and put it in her computer bag. She was ready for her meeting. Mr. Rowling will be bowled over by her design. She chuckled at her own joke.
She rolled by the refrigerator, promising she’d stock it when she got her paycheck. It was just in time, too. Her refrigerator and cupboard were bare. If she’d had to wait one more day, she’d be eating her last can of baked beans for lunch. 
Thank goodness, Xanthus had taken her out to eat or caught her dinner this last week, or she’d have run out of food long before now. 
She pushed the speed dial on her new cellphone, “Hello Mou, did you get it finished?” Xanthus’s warm voice made her smile.
“Yeah, and it looks great. I’m going to start showing this design as an example of my work. I think this will help me get more jobs. I’m sure Mr. Rowling will be happy. I’ve got an appointment with him in just a few minutes to pick up my check.”
“All right, Mou. I’ll be right over.” 
“Xanthus, you don’t need to. I mean, I appreciate how concerned you are about me, but this time it’s not necessary. Mr. Rowling seems like an okay guy and he owns a successful business. How bad could he be? I’m meeting him at a café just down the street and it’s in the middle of the afternoon.” 
“Sara, just because he’s successful doesn’t mean he’s not trouble. And he’s meeting you in a café in this neighborhood?” Xanthus didn’t need to say more than that. He’d learned many things about the neighborhood in the last couple of weeks—none of them good. Sara knew this because he took it upon himself to inform her, going into great detail about what horrible nightmares awaited her if she ever became careless or complacent. 
“Look,” he said. “I’ll wait in the car. You can go in and work your business mojo and I’ll be waiting for you when your meeting is done.”
“All right,” Sara sighed. “I won’t argue, but only because I know it won’t do any good.”
“Good girl. I’m standing outside your door anyhow.” 
She keyed in the alarm code and let him in. He had her out of her chair and in his arms the moment he stepped inside. “Hey, you’re going to wrinkle my blouse,” Sara squealed as she put her arms around his neck.
Xanthus must have not been too concerned about her blouse because he lowered his head for a kiss. She was only too happy to oblige. He kissed the breath out of her and then slowly pulled away. “You taste good.” He moaned and gave her one more quick brush of the lips.
“My lip gloss. It’s strawberries,” she breathed.
“Really? I like it.” Xanthus smiled. “Are you ready to go?”
“I was. I need to put on more lip gloss now.” 
“I’m just going to kiss it off you again.”
“You better not. I need to look professional at this meeting. And each time you kiss me, I seem to get all mussed up.”
“I like you all mussed up.” He nibbled on her ear.
“You might.” Her voice caught as her heart fluttered. “But I doubt my client will.”
“All right.” Xanthus pulled away, smirking. “Put your lip gloss back on. I’ll kiss it off after your meeting.”
She smiled, pulled her lip gloss out of her pocket, and slid it over her lips once again. A stray thought struck her. “Do Dagonian’s ever wear makeup?” 
“You can tell I’m wearing makeup?” Xanthus gaped at her.
“What? No. You?” 
Xanthus laughed and Sara relaxed, scowling at her own naivety. “What are you laughing at? I think it’s wonderful you’re comfortable enough with your femininity to admit you wear makeup.” 
He chuckled, bringing his lips a hair’s width away from hers. Her heart thumped hard in her chest and she felt that familiar tingle she got when he looked at her the way he did. “You do, huh?” 
She swallowed the lump in her throat. “I do what?” 
His smile widened just before he moved in and kissed her senseless. When he pulled away, she finally remembered where she was and what she was doing. “You weren’t supposed to kiss me until after my meeting.” 
“Sorry Mou, I forgot. Don’t you think we’d better get going?” Xanthus glanced at the clock.
“Oh shoot. It’s getting late. I absolutely cannot be late. It’s hard enough drumming up business. I can’t afford to lose clients for something as stupid as being late.”
“Don’t worry Mou, you won’t be late.” 
Xanthus had her out the door and in his SUV in less than a minute. Sara was two minutes early when she rolled through the door of the café. A man waved to her from a table in the back. Sara rolled over. He looked taken aback, seeing her in a wheelchair, but soon recovered. He stood and moved a chair aside so she could push her wheelchair under the table. 
“Thank you, Mr. Rowling,” she said. The way he was looking at her made her a bit nervous.
“Please call me Steve.” Mr. Rowling grinned, looked down at her chest, and raised an eyebrow. 
Sara glanced down, horrified. She must have had a couple of buttons come loose somewhere along the way. She was showing a lot of cleavage—not the kind of image she wanted to project. She quickly buttoned up. Her face burned red.
She slowly looked up. Mr. Rowling smiled, showing a few too many teeth. She might be young but she was old enough to know when she was being ogled. And for it to be Mr. Rowling, well, that totally creeped her out. He was about fifty years old and had at least fifty extra pounds of fat around the middle. The smell of cigarettes oozed out his pores.
“Well, I saw the website and I have to say… I’m disappointed.” He took a gulp of his coffee and shook his head.
Her previous button embarrassment was completely forgotten with that one statement. “What didn’t you like about my web design?”
“There are too many things to list. I think it would be easier to say what I did like about it. And that would be nothing. I liked nothing about it.”
How could she have been so wrong? She had thought it was brilliant. 
Mr. Rowling tapped his fingers against the laminate table. “First of all, I wanted to have a login for members to access certain pages.” 
“I… Wait a minute. You never mentioned that.” Sara pulled out the printout of her notes and turned to the pages listing his instructions. “Mr. Rowling, you never asked for that. Unless you ask for something, you can’t be upset that I don’t create it for you.”
“I remember specifically telling you to do a login page. I can’t help it if you don’t take good notes.”
“My notes are very detailed. You never asked for a login.” Sara bit off the next words she wanted to say. She needed to calm down. “I understand there must have been a miscommunication. I can have that fixed for you this evening.” She sat up straight, willing herself to have a better handle on her emotions. 
“That’s not the only problem. I wanted a place for people to sign up for bowling leagues along with the league schedule.”
“I have the schedule but you never asked for a place to sign up. I can do it, but it’s sure to take more time and I would need to charge you more.”
“Listen, this is very difficult for me. I really wanted to help you out. You’re young and new to this business. I took a gamble doing business with you. But I think I should have gone with someone more experienced.”
“Listen, Mr. Rowling…”
“Please, call me Steve.”
I don’t think so. “Mr. Rowling, I need you to look at my notes. I outlined all that you said you needed. I did absolutely everything you asked. Now if there are a few problems, I’ll fix those with no extra charge, but if you’re asking me to redo the entire design, I’ll have to charge you for that.”
“No Sara, that’s where you’re wrong. You’re the one who is going to have to pay for this disaster of a web design. I won’t pay you a cent until the whole thing is redone.”
“You can’t do that. Do you have any idea how many hours I spent on this job?” 
“How many hours you spent isn’t my concern.” He waved her off.
“Mr. Rowling, I did the work you hired me to do. Now I’m going to ask you nicely to pay me the money you owe me and then I’ll ask you not to contact me anymore. You can hire someone else to make the changes you want, but I’m through doing business with you.” Sara spoke in hard, even tones.
“Hey, not so fast. There’s no need to get so upset. I’ll pay you the money and no more changes will be necessary.”
“You will?” Sara asked, suspicious of the abrupt change.
“I will, if you do one teeny, tiny favor for me.” He cocked his bushy eyebrow.
“And what would that be?”
He leaned in toward her. “I want just one night,” he whispered and licked his lips.
“One night for what?” She leaned away, her stomach queasy.
“One night with just you and me, in a hotel room. If you do this for me, I’ll pay you your money. I may even give you a big bonus depending on your performance.”
Sara’s jaw dropped. She couldn’t believe she was hearing this. “What? You… you did not just say what I think you said.” 
“Yes, I did. And I think you’ll realize that this is a way we can both get what we want. If you decide against it, you’ll never see your money.” Mr. Rowling leaned back, folded his arms, and smirked. His gaze drifted behind Sara and all color drained from his face.
“Hello, my love. Are you about done with your meeting?” Xanthus’s voice hummed behind her ear. He put his hand on her shoulder, leaned in, and gently kissed her cheek. Mr. Sleaze looked like he was about to cry.
“Actually, sweetheart, Mr. Rowling has refused to pay me.” Sara narrowed her eyes at Mr. Rowling.
“Oh? Now I know that can’t be right. I’m sure Sara must have heard you wrong. As I’m sure I was hearing you wrong when I thought I heard you asking my girlfriend for sexual favors in exchange for the money you owe her. A successful businessman like you doesn’t get where he is by making those kinds of stupid mistakes. I mean, doing something that idiotic could get a person killed. Am I right, Mr. Rowling?”
Steve Rowling nodded like a bobble-head doll on crack. “Oh yes, it was a complete misunderstanding. I was just about to write her a check.” He yanked out his checkbook and began scribbling. “In fact, I liked the website so much I’m giving her a bonus.”
“You don’t want me to make any changes?” Sara asked—mostly to see his reaction.
“Oh no, no, no. It’s perfect. You don’t need to do anymore work.”
Mr. Rowling’s hand shook as he handed her the check. Wow. He must be really scared. The check was for more than twice the amount she had agreed on. “Wait a minute. This is too much. I can’t accept this.” 
“Oh no, keep it. It’s how much I would have paid someone with more experience for the work you did.” He pulled out a fifty, sat it on the table, and stood. 
“I really have to be going, but you and your boyfriend…” He nearly choked on the word boyfriend. “You have whatever you like. It’s on me. It’s been wonderful doing business with you. Thanks again, Sara. And I’m sorry for the misunderstanding.” Mr. Rowling stumbled out the door.
Xanthus pulled up a chair next to Sara. “That son of an eel. He’s lucky I didn’t break his legs. I sure wanted to.”
“Xanthus, my love,” Sara said, using the same wording he’d used earlier. “You were supposed to wait in the SUV. I had everything under control.” She cupped her hand over his cheek.
“You did, huh?” He smiled. “Then tell me what you’d planned to do about getting your money?”
“I was going to threaten a lawsuit.”
“That could have worked if he would have believed you.” He picked up her water and took a long sip.
“Oh, he would have believed me. I had a hundred of these business cards made up.” Sara pulled one out of her wallet and handed it to Xanthus. 

Elaine Hardcastle, Attorney at Law
1-808-555-6592
No One Messes With My Clients.

Xanthus smiled. “That looks like Gretchen’s number. I didn’t know she’s a lawyer.”
“You know Gretchen’s number?” 
Xanthus shrugged. “I know a lot about everyone around you.”
Sara frowned. “Well, she’s not a lawyer yet, but she’s great at tough talking. She’s gotten more of my clients to pay up than you’d believe.”
“You do know it’s against the law to impersonate an attorney.” He smiled and then finished off her water.
“Xanthus, the people that try to weasel out of paying me aren’t looking to draw attention from the police. They pay up. And if they don’t,” she shrugged. “I just have to eat a lot of macaroni and cheese for a while.”
He shook his head. “Sara, you’re one in a million.” He leaned in and kissed her. But it was so quick he’d come and gone before she could really enjoy it.
“Let’s take a swim out to the reef and I’ll treat you to some sea urchin.” Xanthus said. He picked up the fifty and handed it to her.
Sara slipped the money and her check into her purse. “Are you sure you don’t want to eat here? They have the greasiest food on the island. It’s fried in real beef lard, so I’ve heard.” She propped her chin on her hands and fluttered her eyelids.
Xanthus gagged. “I think I’ll pass. Human food, especially greasy human food, does bad things to my digestion.” 
The dulcet tones of Sirena Enbridge’s voice floated from Xanthus’s cell phone. Sara smiled at his taste in music. He looked to see who was calling. He was somber when he answered. “Hello, this is Xanthus.”
He listened to the caller on the other end of the line. “Yes doctor, that’s exactly what I want to know. Can you do it?”
Sara’s eyes widened. Why was he talking to a doctor?
His face lit up with relief. “You can? That’s great. How soon can you do it?”
Sara’s hand shook slightly as she poured more water into her glass. She hated doctors.
“You can’t do it sooner than that? No, I understand. Okay, yes, we’ll plan on it.” He ended the call.
Sara narrowed her eyes. “What was that about? You aren’t going in for a physical, are you?”
Xanthus smiled, his whole face lit up. “I have great news.”
Sara scrunched her brows. Great news from a doctor? Right. She stopped herself before she rolled her eyes. “What is this great news?”
“There’s a doctor in California that can perform surgery to change eye color. He is one of the few that can change from blue to brown. Most others only do brown to blue.”
“So, you want me to go under the knife to change the color of my eyes?”
 Xanthus frowned. “Sara, this procedure is very safe, and it’s not like I’m asking you to get a nose job. It’s not to satisfy vanity. This procedure can save your life. Don’t you understand? Without this, you’ll be living your life with the threat of execution over your head, never knowing if you’ll get discovered.”
A lump formed in Sara’s throat when she realized he was right. Darn him. It had been bad enough facing her fear of water, now she had to face her fear of doctors. “You’re right, I know you’re right. I just haven’t had the best experience with doctors.”
Xanthus brushed a strand of her hair away from her face. “Sara, I’ll be with you every step of the way. You don’t need to do this alone. And I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Sara nodded. “What would you do if they wanted to cut off my tail?”
Sara jumped at the angry demon that was suddenly looking at her through Xanthus’s eyes. “Who threatened such a thing?” he growled. She was seeing the same monster that she’d thought killed Slink and his friends. He looked lethal and terrifying.
“It was a long time ago,” she said, afraid to name the doctors. 
Xanthus didn’t say any more. He didn’t need to. She knew the answer to her question. He would kill them.
She tried to change the subject. “So how much longer will I be a blue-eyed girl?”
He sighed and began to relax. “One month. Your appointment is the fifth of next month.”
Sara nodded. One more month. 



Sara was getting the hang of the whole swimming thing. It only took daily lessons along with a very patient teacher. Swimming proved to be a great way of keeping her mind off the impending surgery. Three weeks away. Sara shuttered at the thought.
Today, Xanthus took her to a large, remote reef several miles out from Kailau Bay. This reef was pocked with holes and tunnels. From a distance, it looked like a giant misshapen block of colorful, fuzzy, Swiss cheese. It presented the perfect place to hone her maneuvering skills. Or so Xanthus said.
Sara swam through a jagged, three-foot wide tunnel in the coral. She snaked her body through and she didn’t even add to the many scrapes and scratches on her battered fin. Too bad females didn’t have tough grey skin on the lower half of their bodies like the males did. Xanthus said that females didn’t need the added protection—they had males to protect them. He simply smiled when she told him that was chauvinistic.
Instead of swimming about in dresses that tended to float up (very embarrassing), Xanthus bought her a whole slew of modified swimsuits that clung to her body. The one she was wearing now shimmered blue. Sara loved how pretty it looked and how wonderfully supportive it felt. It was more comfortable than her normal modified underwear. So she had taken to wearing them under her clothes all the time. It also made it easier when Xanthus decided on impulse that they needed to go for a swim. 
Sara twisted her body around and through another gap in the coral. The tip of her tail brushed the coral again. Ouch. She hoped he hadn’t seen that.
“Perfect,” Xanthus shouted. Nope, he hadn’t seen it. “Wait a minute.” 
Sara followed his eyes to a small swirl of blood coming from the fresh scrape on her tail. Darn it.
“Well, almost perfect.” He shrugged.
She thought she might be imagining it, but she suspected there was a perimeter of sharks around them, just out of sight. She could almost see their dark shapes in the distance. Xanthus said they could smell a drop of blood from miles away and she had put more than her share of drops of blood in the water lately. But as long as Xanthus swam near her, the sharks stayed away.
He smiled and pulled her into his arms. “You’re a natural, Sara.”
“Oh, yeah. That’s like telling a human woman she’s a natural at walking.” She shrugged.
“Only if she’s been living her life in the water and has just stepped out onto dry land,” he said. “I’d say you’re a fast learner. Did I ever tell you how long it took me to learn to walk?”
“You… Oh wow. You had to learn to walk?”
“Yes, and it took me over a month to master it. Just in time to come here. I would still stumble and fall on occasion if I didn’t have my maj bands to help me out.”
“Really?”
“Yes, I didn’t want to tell you. It’s pretty embarrassing. I just don’t want you to feel like you’re not doing well. You’re learning to swim much faster than I learned to walk.”
Sara smiled and brushed her lips across his. “You sure have a way with words, which is surprising since English isn’t your native tongue. By the way, you don’t speak Atlantian much, could you say a few words to me?”
“You’ve already heard a few words, Moro Mou.”
“What does Moro Mou mean?”
“It’s a term of endearment. Its literal translation means ‘my baby’.”
“So when you call me Mou, you’re calling me baby?”
“Yes, Mou.” His lips caressed hers.
“I like that.” She smiled.
“Oh, you did? I wasn’t even putting much effort into that kiss. I can do much better.”
Sara’s smile widened. “I know you can. I was talking about you calling me Mou.”
Xanthus smiled back. “Sorry. My mistake.”
His smile soon melted away. He kept his eyes on hers as his body inched close. His hands reached out to cradle her cheeks. He looked as if he held the world in his palms and was afraid of dropping it. Sara’s chest tightened in response. 
“Sagana po parant poli mi landana, patdrép ma?” The words rolled off his tongue in a foreign question.
“What did you say?” Her heart thumped against her chest.
He hesitated before he spoke. “I said… I love you more than my life.” He paused before continuing. “Will you marry me, Sara?”
“Marry you?” she asked, feeling a bit dizzy. “You want to marry me?”
“Yes, Moro Mou. More than anything.”
“I don’t understand why you’d want to. I’m not anything special.”
“Sara, I don’t understand how you could not know how amazing you are. You’re sweet, beautiful, frustratingly independent, and the most remarkable woman I’ve ever met. I love you more than I can say.” 
“But still… Are you sure you want to be tied to a half-human forever?” she asked.
“I couldn’t think of anything better.” Xanthus caressed the side of her face.
“But, what if I’m found out? Would you be punished too?” Sara pulled herself in closer.
Xanthus leaned down toward her. “Sara, no one will find out. After your surgery, you’ll look just like a full Dagonian. You’ll just need to hide out for a while until you learn to speak Atlantian.”
“Xanthus, can’t we just stay here in Hawaii?” Sara looked around at the beauty and abundant life.
“I’m sorry Mou. We can’t. Triton has given me only a year. After that, I have to return to Corin. And Sara, you truly can’t stay here. You know that. Can’t you see how you have isolated yourself from the humans? Deep down, you know you don’t belong with them. You belong here in the sea, with me.”
Sara trembled. She loved this Dagonian so much. Could she really go with him, live the rest of her life in the sea, away from her best friend, away from her mother? Okay, that one wouldn’t be so hard. But the thought of living without Xanthus nearly choked the life out of her. What choice did she have? She loved him so much.
“Okay,” Sara whispered.
“What are you saying okay to, Mou?” He looked hopeful.
“Okay, I’ll marry you.” Xanthus swept her up in his arms and swirled her around in the water. Sara’s laugher bubbled up as she accompanied him on his underwater ride. 
“You’ve made me the happiest Dagonian in the sea, Moro Mou,” he exclaimed just before his mouth took possession of hers, making her tail curl. 



“You’re positively glowing,” Gretchen said as she sipped her guava nectar. She and Sara were sitting under an umbrella outside their favorite outdoor cafe. Gretchen was on another healthy diet—no more Diet Cokes for her. 
 Sara wasn’t ready to break the news to Gretchen yet. Getting married at twenty wasn’t something she thought her best friend would understand. How could she? Gretchen couldn’t know that they only had so much time before Xanthus had to leave forever. If Sara didn’t marry him, she’d be saying goodbye.
“How can you look so amazing this early in the morning?” Gretchen asked. 
“It’s this new sushi diet I’m on. Xanthus has got me hooked. And I’ve never felt better.” Okay, maybe that was lame compared to marrying her true love, but she had to think of something on short notice.
“Sushi huh? I like sushi. Maybe I’ll try it. But I was thinking more along the lines of the love in your life. I’m glad you two got things worked out. Shane Adams is doing wonders for you.” 
“Would you please stop calling him that? I just know you’re going to slip up and I’ll be mortified.”
“Not to worry, sweetie. I’ll behave. You’re not going to cancel on me, are you? Hal got us tickets to see the new Steven Spielberg movie tonight.”
“No, I won’t cancel.” And she wouldn’t unless she got attacked by another maniac, which since Xanthus had taken up residence in the apartment next to hers, installed a state-of-the-art security system, new windows, new doors, security cameras, replaced her cell phone, insisted on taking out her garbage, and escorting her out in public, she couldn’t see how a criminal would have the opportunity. She’d never felt safer.
Sara did some Googling and found out she should be paying much more than she was in rent, considering the updates to her apartment. She tried to bring that up to Xanthus. But he growled at her and told her he couldn’t care less whether she paid her rent at all. Whatever happened to Miss Independence? Well, she was about to become Mrs. Dimitriou. 
Sara still couldn’t wrap her mind around that one.
“Earth to Sara…” Gretchen chimed in.
“What?” 
“I’ve been telling you about Hal and me.” Gretchen smiled.
“Oh, sorry.” 
“I said, I think Hal is the one.” 
“The one?” 
“Yes, my one true love. He hasn’t said the words, I love you, yet, but I think it’s just a matter of time.” Gretchen’s eyes were dreamy.
Sara wondered if that was how she looked when she thought of Xanthus. “That’s so wonderful, Gretchen.” 
“Yeah, he’s amazing. And I’m so glad you have a man you love too.”
“Am I that obvious?” Sara didn’t remember ever telling Gretchen she loved Xanthus.
 “It’s very obvious. Just look at how much you’ve changed. You no longer hide under a giant tent. You’re wearing bright colors, clothes that show what a great figure you have, and you always seem to have a smile on your face, especially when you’re thinking about him. I sure hope he knows how lucky he is.”
The waiter stepped up to the table again. “Can I get anything more for you ladies?” 
“No, thank you,” Sara said. The waiter smiled at her and walked away. “It’s amazing he’s giving us the time of day, with you sipping nectar and me eating a small muffin with water.
“Yeah,” Gretchen said. “He very attentive. To you.”
“To me?” 
“Girl, he’s got eyes for you.” Gretchen shook her head. “You really don’t know how gorgeous you are, do you?”
“Xanthus once told me I was much more beautiful than the other women from his home town.” 
“You’re more beautiful than pretty much any girl from any town,” Gretchen said.
“Yeah, right, although my mom’s very beautiful,” Sara shrugged. “And I do look quite a bit like her.”
“You look almost identical. Thank goodness you don’t have her black heart.”
“I don’t know. I think I’m beginning to understand her better.” 
“You’re not going to reconnect, are you?” Gretchen looked appalled. 
“Actually, she called me a little while ago.” Sara was surprised she’d forgotten to tell Gretchen.
“Oh no, honey, why didn’t you tell me? What happened?”
“It’s nothing I haven’t heard before. I told her that if she got professional help, we could talk.”
“How did she take that?”
“She screamed and hollered, and then I hung up on her.”
“Good for you. You’re much better off with her out of your life.”
“I know you’re right. Besides, I’ve better things to focus on.”
Sara felt goose pimples rise across her arms. She looked over toward the street and saw a tall, dark man wearing sunglasses and a black trench coat that dusted the pavement. He lounged against a light pole. A twinge of familiarity tugged at Sara’s consciousness, but she couldn’t place where she’d seen him before. He removed his dark sunglasses, revealing black eyes filled with hatred. He looked at her and sneered.
“…like a big, strong man who’s crazy about you,” Gretchen said.
“What?” Sara asked, distracted.
“Better things to focus on. What’s wrong?” 
“Don’t look, but there’s a man standing behind you staring at me. And it’s not a friendly stare.”
“You’re kidding?” Gretchen said in surprise. She began to turn her head.
“No, don’t look,” Sara hissed.
“Do you want to call Xanthus?” 
“I’m going to take a taxi back to the apartment anyway. I’ll just call ahead and tell him I’m on my way. Besides, I’m sure that man is just grouchy.”
“All right, but I’m not leaving until you’re in the cab.” Gretchen’s brows furrowed in concern.
“You’re acting like a…” Sara stopped talking when the man began to approach her. Then she made the connection. This man looked and moved just like Xanthus. Although he was shorter and slighter, he was still very tall for a human. Could he be a Dagonian? No… of course, he couldn’t be. She was just overreacting.
The man didn’t speak a word as he leaned forward, his chin-length black hair swinging forward, brushing a jagged scar on his cheek. She wished his hair covered his eyes too—they were full of revulsion. Sara’s heart pounded as the man slipped a folded piece of paper on the table and pushed it toward her. 
The menacing parchment beckoned. Sickness clenched Sara’s stomach like a giant fist. She really didn’t want to read it.
The man didn’t wait for her to open it, but stepped around the corner and slipped out of sight.
“You’re right,” Gretchen said. “He looked like he loathed you. What does the note say?”
Sara’s hands shook as she unfolded the paper. Her eyes landed on a scrawled message. The one simple sentence glared at her.
I know what you are. 
Sara’s heart pounded in her chest as she took in a ragged breath. 
She’d been found and now it was over. There couldn’t be a happy ending anymore. Her time with Xanthus had been like a fairy tale, but now the story would be over. How could they hide her true identity when it was already known?
Before Sara could stop her, Gretchen grabbed hold of the note.
“I know what you are? What kind of sicko is that?” Gretchen asked, shook her head, and then looked up at her. “Oh Sara, you’re really pale. Sweetie, don’t let him bother you. I’m sure he’s a harmless crack pot.”
Gretchen looked her over and apparently didn’t like what she saw. “I’m calling Xanthus.” She reached for Sara’s phone.
“No, no, we can’t call him.” 
“Why not?” 
Xanthus had tried so hard to protect her. Sara recalled his reaction when she had asked what would happen if she were ever found out. She had asked him if they would kill her. Xanthus hadn’t said no. Instead, he’d said they’d have to kill him first. And that was her answer. If she hung around, she was a dead woman and Xanthus would die first. That was something Sara wouldn’t let happen.
 “Sara?”
 “I’m fine. Really I am.” Sara sucked in another deep breath and then plastered on her most convincing smile. If Gretchen called Xanthus, he’d come right away, and she needed time to put some distance between them. 
“I’ll tell him what happened when I get to his place. There’s no need to get so worked up. You’re right. That man’s simply a crackpot.”
Gretchen looked skeptical. 
“Listen,” Sara said. “I need to get going. Xanthus is expecting me.” She tried to sound as nonchalant as she could.
Gretchen’s shoulders relaxed. “Okay sweetie. You’ll feel better with him around, anyway. Let me know if you don’t feel up to going out tonight. You still look pale. It might be best if you stay in.”
“To tell you the truth, I don’t think I’m up for going out on the town.” 
“No problem, sweetie.” Gretchen wheeled her to the curb and hailed a taxi for her. A yellow cab stopped and a wrinkled, sunbaked man in a Hawaiian shirt got out. He trotted around to help Sara into the back of his taxi. 
“Mahalo,” Sara said in thanks to him. 
“Sure thing, miss.” 
Sara waved her last goodbye to Gretchen. She wondered when she would ever see her again. Never, she told herself. It was not safe for Gretchen to know her. “Where to?” the driver asked as he pulled into traffic.
“To the airport,” Sara said, struggling to hold back the tears. She had to pull it together. This was no time to fall apart.



Nicole Reanne Lamont didn’t walk into Hilo International Airport. She waltzed in like a runway model in a fashion show. Men had their eyes on her hips as they swung back and forth. To Sara, they looked like gaping spectators at a tennis match. 
Nothing seemed to have changed since Sara had been gone. Everywhere her mom went, she caused a scene. Men ogled, women sneered, and truth be told, Nicole didn’t even know that people were watching her. Sara’s mom was beautiful, sensual, and super embarrassing to daughter. Sara always looked like a freak beside her. 
“Sara, you’re home. I missed you so much.” Nicole leaned in and gave her a peck on the cheek. Sara inhaled the perfumed scent of plumeria, a native Hawaiian flower. Memories flooded back. Not all of them were unpleasant. Nicole could be sweet when she wasn’t being mental.  
“Hi, Mom. Listen, I want to warn you that I’m not here to stay. But we need to have a long talk. I have a lot to ask you about.”
“Oh yes, dear. Let’s get you home and we’ll get caught up on what you’ve been up to.”
Nicole pushed Sara toward the baggage claim area, “Um, Mom. I don’t have any luggage.”
“Okay, baby.” Without a second thought, Nicole turned her chair and headed through the crowded airport toward short-term parking. 
Oh yeah, that was her mom. Any other mother would be wondering why their daughter came home after disappearing for so long and then showed up with no luggage in hand. But not Nicole. The thought that this was strange didn’t even cross her mind.
Nicole wheeled Sara to a Mercedes. Sara looked at the extravagant car and recalled a time when they couldn’t afford a wheelchair. Her mom’s failed marriages had been good to her over the years. 
“Do you want to stop for lunch?” Nicole glanced her way and smiled. Sara noticed she still had flawless skin. Sara didn’t think her mother would ever age. At thirty-nine, she was often mistaken as Sara’s sister.
“No, thanks Mom. I’d rather just go on to the house right now.” Sara leaned her head back and closed her eyes. A headache was building at the base of her skull.
Sara felt the turns in the road and the warm Hawaiian breeze blow through her hair. Xanthus seemed so very far away right now and the hole in her heart grew with each mile. She wondered if he was looking for her. She had texted him just as she was taking off. She’d told him she loved him but she had to leave. She asked him to forget her and go on with his life. Then she’d turned off her phone. 
Knowing him, he was busy trying to track her down. Gretchen had to have told him about the note. Sara could imagine how livid he would be. She hoped he’s wasn’t angry with her. After all, she’d left to protect him. Sara hoped he understood that. Maybe once he had time to think about it, he’d realize it was for the best. They’d kill him for just being with her. He had to know he’d be better off without her.
She hoped he could just let her go. 
That Dagonian and his stupid note. Where had he come from? Why did he have to show up now, when she finally had a chance at happiness? They could have made it work. She knew they could. Xanthus had no doubt. 
How could one simple sentence destroy her world so completely?
 “What’s wrong, baby? Why are you crying? Aren’t you glad to be home?” Oh, great. Her mom had noticed she was crying before she’d even realized it. Nicole was so unobservant. This was epic. 
“Mom, I’ll tell you everything when we get home. I just need to rest now.” Sara rubbed her temples to ease the ache in her head.
“Why not tell me now?”
Because you might freak and I don’t want to die in a fiery car crash. Of course, Sara couldn’t say that. “I just need to think, Mom. And I just want to get home.” That was a lie. Sara hated the fact that she had to come home.
“I knew you’d come back. You love your mother, don’t you?” 
“Yes Mom, I do.” That wasn’t a lie. Sara did love her. She just couldn’t live with her.
They pulled down the long driveway of her mother’s home. Coconut palms lined the sides of the lane and towered over them. The home was a beautiful, canary-yellow, sprawling estate. Its interior was immaculate, but its highest selling feature was the view out the back. There was a thirty-foot, rocky drop to the ocean. 
The waves were spectacular, crashing just off shore and against the cliff below. This cliff had given Sara nightmares from the day they’d moved in. The whole time she’d lived in this home, Sara avoided looking out the back windows. Now she could finally appreciate the beauty of it. The whole place was beautiful—the house, its furnishings, and the land around it.
Nicole had bought this house with husband number two and she got to keep it after the divorce, along with a sizable monthly alimony check. Something good had come from being married to that jerk. 
Nicole got Sara’s wheelchair out of the back. “Let’s get inside, I’m starved. I’ve sure missed your Roman sandwiches.” 
Great. Just what Sara wanted to do on the worst day of her life—make lunch for her mother. But, Sara really needed money. “Roman sandwiches sound great, Mom. Do we have the ingredients for them?”
“I don’t know. The new maid is out for the day, so you’ll just have to look around. I’m going to sit down and do some reading. Let me know if you need me to get anything down for you.”
“Sure thing. We can have our talk while we eat.” Sara looked in the refrigerator and found salami, provolone, onion, sauerkraut, and ham—the most essential parts of a Roman sandwich.
Sara turned on the skillet and began sautéing the onion. A few minutes later, the sandwiches were done. She got out some chips, fresh pineapple, and then plated the food. She wheeled the plates and drinks one at a time to the table. It took several trips to get everything set up. Then she poured some lemonade.
Sara peeked into the living area to see if her mother was still awake. There was nothing Nicole liked less that being woken up from a nap. Thankfully, she was still reading. “Mom, lunch is ready.”
“Okay, dear. I’m just going to finish up this chapter.”
Oh great. Sara hoped the sandwiches wouldn’t get cold.
Ten minutes later, the sandwiches were as cool as the Hawaiian breeze coming through the window. Nicole stepped into the dining room. 
“It looks good.” Nicole was sure being extra sweet. 
Nicole took a bite of the sandwich and surprised Sara when she didn’t say a word about the food being cold. Nicole took a deep breath, a sip of lemonade, and said, “So, tell me what you’ve been up to.” 
Sara took a few slow breaths before she spoke. “Actually, I wanted to ask you about my father.” She spoke low, her shoulders tensed, waiting for her mom’s reaction. 
Nicole nodded slightly. “I knew you would ask again sooner or later. Are you ready to believe me? I don’t want to talk about him if you’re just going to dismiss what I say.” Her eyes darted in Sara’s direction.
“Mom, I’ll believe you.” Sara heard the sadness in her own voice. 
Nicole looked uncertain. “Well, he was the most amazing man I’d ever met—handsome, funny, strong, and so self-assured. We met in a seaside café just outside of Los Angeles. For the next week, we spent every waking moment together.
 “I fell hard for him. I was only eighteen and a bit naïve, but I swear he loved me too, but then he told me he couldn’t stay with me. You see, his father was a very powerful man. He told me there was no way his father would allow him to stay and he said I couldn’t follow him. I was devastated. I was determined to find a way to convince him to stay with me. After all, once you’re an adult, you need to make your own path, right? I figured one day he’d have to leave his father and be independent. Why couldn’t I be the reason?
“When it came time for him to leave, he said I had to go on with my life without him. I told him I’d never love anyone like I loved him—and I haven’t. Your father is the only man I’ve ever really loved.
“Still, he left me standing there. But, I couldn’t let him leave me, so I followed him. He surprised me when he drove to a beach. I’d thought he’d be headed to the airport, but he parked and walked to the shoreline.
“He stripped out of his clothing and then the most amazing thing happened. He dove into the water and as he swam away, a tail swished out of the water behind him just before he disappeared under the waves. I thought it looked like the tail of a shark and I was very afraid for him. 
“When he didn’t resurface, I was sure he’d been attacked. I dove out into the water, desperate to find him. I searched for a long time, not finding anything, but I just couldn’t stop. I couldn’t leave him there. Then on one of my dives, I thought I saw something and followed it down deep. When I ran out of air, I was nowhere near the surface and I blacked out before I could resurface again. The next thing I knew, I was waking up in the hospital.
“My dad stuck by me until he found out I was pregnant. He was furious and demanded I have an abortion. But, I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t give you up. You were all I had left of the man I loved. Even though you didn’t look much like him, you were part of him.”
Sara looked down and realized she hadn’t touched any of her food. “What did he look like?” She took a nibble of a potato chip.
“Oh, he was one of a kind. He looked like a Greek god. He was tall, had blond, curly hair, and was very strong. There was one time I was being harassed and manhandled by some drunk men as I was waiting for him after I got off work. 
“When your father came and saw what was happening, he let loose on them. They were all unconscious within a few seconds. When he saw the bruises they’d given me, he was angry all over again and kicked their truck, caving in the entire side. The whole thing looked mangled, like it was folded in half.”
Sara had seen Xanthus’s strength and it was incredible. Still, folding a truck in half with a kick was amazing. And this Dagonian who was her father seemed larger than life.
“Did he know about me?” Sara took a bite of her sandwich, not tasting it. She was too enthralled in the story.
“Oh baby, he never knew I was expecting you. I was told I couldn’t have children. Knowing that, we hadn’t... you know, well we hadn’t used any birth control. I didn’t know you could happen, but then you did.” Her mother took a sip, her sad eyes watching Sara from over the glass.
“When did you figure out he hadn’t drown?” 
“It was when you were born. Being alone at nineteen and pregnant, I didn’t have much money and I never had any prenatal care. The hospital staff freaked out when you were born. They’d never seen anyone like you. But I had. I realized I hadn’t imagined it. Ty did have a tail.”
“Was that his name? Ty?” The sandwich wasn’t going down easy and Sara took a sip of lemonade to loosen it from her throat.
“Well, he told me to call him Ty. He said it was short for something else, but he never told me what. I thought maybe he hated his real name, so I didn’t press it.”
Sara sighed. “I wish I’d met him.”
“Me too, sweetheart. You did get something from him though.”
“I did?” Sara took another sip of lemonade.
“Yes. You may not look much like him, but your eyes are exactly the same shade of blue as his.”
Sara was so surprised, she gasped, which was bad considering she had a mouthful of lemonade. She coughed and sputtered, her hand barely making it over her mouth in time to keep from spewing lemonade all over the table. 
“Sara, you’re supposed to drink—not inhale.” Her mother came over to pat her down with a hand towel.
“He had blue eyes?” Sara rasped.
“Yes, he did. Is there something wrong with him having blue eyes?” Sara was having a déjà vu moment. Hadn’t she said those exact words to Xanthus when he had freaked about her blue eyes? But her father had had blue eyes. How was that possible?
“Are you sure he had blue eyes?” 
“Sara, what is this all about? You’re scaring me.”
“Are you sure?” Sara asked again, her voice rising. Normally, her mother would be upset that Sara had raised her voice, but Nicole was so shocked at Sara’s display, she snapped out an answer.
 “Sara, I’m very sure. I could never forget his eyes. Now, tell me what you’re so upset about.” 
“I know what I am. At least I thought I did.” Sara dragged the towel over her hands and between her fingers to dry the lemonade. 
“What are you saying?” Her mother’s brows creased.
“I met someone.” Sara sighed and dropped the towel down on the table.
“Please tell me you didn’t see another doctor.” Her mother pressed her fingers into her temple as if the idea gave her an immediate migraine. 
Sara shook her head. “No, Mom. I met someone like me.”
“What?” Her mother looked stunned. “Who is she? Where did she come from?”
“No, Mom. Xanthus is a he. And he’s a Dagonian. He’s descended from Dagon and Calypso, Calypso is the daughter of Atlas and Dagon is a sea god in the Sumerian pantheon.” Wow. She couldn’t believe she’d remembered all that.
“Atlas? Calypso? Like the Greek gods?”
Sara nodded.
“And you say this Xantus…”
“…Xanthus.”
“Yes, Xanthus. Is he, does he have a tail like you?”
“Only when he’s in the water and then it looks like mine, except his is grey. Xanthus said females have tails just like mine. He said I’m a perfect image of a Dagonian, except for my eyes. He said they only ever have brown eyes. So I ask you again, are you sure my dad had blue eyes?”
Nicole’s brows knit together as if she wished she could confirm Sara’s identity. Instead, she nodded. “I’m sure.”
“Does this mean I was right all along, that I’m just a freak? I can’t be a Dagonian. So what am I?”
“You’re not a freak. You’re my Sara, just like you’ve always been.”
Sara sighed, wishing her mother’s words made her feel better. But she felt as if the identity that had just been revealed to her had been ripped from her hands. She wasn’t anything special. She simply resembled a Dagonian. And her father? Who knew who or what he was? 
A heavy pounding at the door made Sara jump. She didn’t know how, but she just knew. Xanthus was here. How had he found her so fast?
Sara considered trying to make a break for it out the back door, but she realized she wouldn’t get far with no money and more importantly, no way to drive away. Being in a wheelchair was a real handicap sometimes.
“I wonder who that could be,” her mother said.
“Just be prepared for a seven-foot-tall, ticked-off Dagonian.”
Her mother’s eyes widened in fear. “Should I call the police?”
“No, he won’t hurt us. Come on, Mom. Let’s get this over with.” Sara wheeled to the front door.
Saying he was ticked was a big understatement. When Sara opened the door, there was Xanthus towering high above her. He was livid. Still, she saw the relief in his eyes when he saw her. “Sara,” he said. “What do you think you’re doing? Gretchen told me what happened. Hades, Sara. Why you didn’t come to me?”
Xanthus looked a mess, his eyes were shadowed, his hair tousled, and he had a wild look in his eyes. Sara had only been gone two or three hours, but Xanthus looked as if he’d had the scare of his life. 
Didn’t he know he needed to stay away from her? And how she wished the thought of that didn’t make her feel as if she were being ripped apart from the inside out. What was she going to do?
Sara knew what she had to do for his own protection.
“It’s over.” She began to sob. “Don’t you see? Your Dagonians know about me. There’s no getting around that. We have no future. And I don’t want you to die.” Xanthus knelt down beside her and cradled her cheek in his hand. His thumb brushed away her falling tears. He was no longer furious, but his eyes were tender and filled with relief. 
“Oh, Moro Mou, don’t cry. I’ll get this figured out. I don’t care what it takes. I won’t leave you.”
“Why is my daughter afraid, Dagonian?” Nicole’s icy voice lashed out. 
Xanthus stiffened and he shot a glare toward Nicole. Sara really didn’t need this right now.
“Mom, it’s not his fault. He’s done everything he could to protect me.”
Xanthus turned back to her. “Sara, I think it’s time we get moving. I can’t guarantee that one of us wasn’t followed.” 
“I asked you a question, Dagonian,” Nicole shouted. Sara had to admit, her mom had courage. Xanthus looked terrifying as he glared at her.
“Why don’t you ask your…” Xanthus glanced in Sara’s direction and sighed. “Maybe you should ask Sara’s father.”
“And how am I supposed to do that? I haven’t seen him since before she was born. Now I’m going to ask you one more time, Dagonian. Why is Sara so afraid? Who is threatening her?”
Xanthus sighed. “Contact between humans and Dagonians is strictly forbidden. Because Sara is part human and part Dagonian, she is considered a danger to our society. And now she’s apparently been discovered by another Dagonian and I am her only hope if she’s to survive.”
“Why aren’t you turning her in yourself?” 
Xanthus glowered and then looked at Sara. Once again, he seemed relieved to see her. “I would never turn her in because I love her and would die before I’d let anyone else touch her.”
In a flash, Nicole’s demeanor changed from accusing to acceptance. Yeah, her mom was nuts but Sara still loved her. Nicole rushed to an impressionist painting of a waterfall and lifted it off the wall, revealing a safe. “I’ve got about fifty thousand dollars in cash. I also have a Glock semi-automatic.” Nicole spun the combination and pulled the safe open. “I always knew that Sara could be in danger. Truthfully, I thought it was us humans that were the biggest threat. I’ve always been prepared in case I had protect her from people who would want to exploit her, which is why I went so nuts when she disappeared.” Nicole mom was talking so fast, it was difficult to catch everything she was saying. 
Nicole rushed forward, holding a black leather bag, opened it, and turned it toward them to show them stacks of bills and a big gun sitting on top. Several boxes of ammunition were tucked inside.
Xanthus looked shocked. “I appreciate the offer, but I have more than enough weapons and money for anything we might be confronted with.”
“Sara is my daughter and my responsibility.”
“Nicole…” Xanthus looked like he wanted to argue, but then stopped. He grabbed Sara’s wheelchair and pushed her toward the door. “We need to leave now.” He turned toward Sara’s mom. “Nicole, you need to come with us. They’ll be after you too.”
“But why would they want me?” Nicole looked confused. 
“You’ve been with one of us. You’ve seen him. All of him. And that means prison or death where I come from.”
“But he didn’t…”
“Let’s go,” Xanthus growled. As he ripped the door open, Sara came face to face with death.



The Dagonian’s dark, menacing scowl was even more frightening than Sara had remembered. Xanthus opened the door and there the demon stood—the Dagonian from the cafe, the one trying to ruin her life. His black eyes narrowed, burning with hate as he looked straight at her. 
The intruder moved inside and shut the door. “Well, little brother. I can’t say I’m surprised to see you here with this half-human.” He spoke with a heavy accent. 
Little brother? The Dagonian that loathed her was Xanthus’s brother? Looking at his sneer, she didn’t think he’d welcome her to the family.
Xanthus stepped back and growled. “What do you know of her, Gael?”
His brother’s grin broadened. “What would you say if I told you I’m her father?”
Sara gasped. Xanthus paled and said, “No.” 
Gael’s laughter bellowed. “No, I’m not, but the look on your face almost makes me wish I were.”
Xanthus white face flushed red in anger. He stood his ground and waited.
Gael gestured toward Sara. “I must say, this foul creature is easier to look on than your bride was. It’s a shame you have to kill her.” Sara leaned away as he moved toward her. Lifting a lock of her hair, Gael pressed it to his nose and inhaled. “She smells nice too. Strange though, her scent is not nearly as compelling as a full Dagonian. Perhaps this is how humans smell when they’re fertile. I’ve never mated with a female during her time—didn’t want to deal with the consequences.” Gael shrugged. “But this half-human won’t live long enough for us to worry about that, will she, brother?” He darted a glace toward Xanthus. 
“Get away from my daughter!” Nicole scrambled forward and pushed Gael hard in the chest. He moved back, caught off guard. His hand whipped out fast, striking Nicole across her face and sending her into the wall. At that moment, Xanthus was at Sara’s ear. “Don’t believe a word of what I say next,” he whispered.
Before Sara could even blink, Xanthus had grabbed his brother, lifted him by his coat, and slammed him into the wall. “This is my find and my kill, Gael. You will not interfere. I have special plans for them both before they die and you’re not part of those plans. 
“But you, Gael,” Xanthus said. “What is your purpose here? You know wandering off on your own in the human world is strictly forbidden and I’ve a feeling this is not the first time. The council may turn a blind eye to your other crimes. But not this one. For this, you face death.”
The color washed from Gael’s face. “You wouldn’t. You couldn’t want me dead. I’m your brother.”
“That didn’t mean much to you when you ordered my death. And believe me when I say, I’ll kill you in a heartbeat if you give me any more reason. Nothing would give me greater pleasure.” Xanthus threw Gael to the floor as he issued the warning. Sara was shocked to see a fin peeking from under his long trench coat. Unlike Xanthus, Gael had no human legs. 
“Leave now,” Xanthus said. “Return to the sea. And if I ever see you on dry land again, I’ll kill you on sight.”
“I’ll leave, little brother, but I warn you.” Gael turned and shot a glare at Sara. “If you don’t destroy these creatures soon, I’ll be back with my army at my side. Then we’ll see who destroys who.” 
Gael rose from the floor, brushed himself off, and strode out the door. He moved like he had legs. Xanthus was right. This couldn’t be the first time Gael had been on land. Sara jumped when the door slammed shut. For a moment, she sat gaping at the wooden door. Then, she turned to look at Xanthus. With his feet braced apart, he scowled with barely leashed anger. 
Sara searched for something to say to ease his temper. “I heard it might be difficult to get along with in-laws, but I had no idea.” 
Xanthus turned to her, startled. Then a slow smile crept across his face.
“In-laws?” Sara’s mom staggered up to her feet.
“Oh, Mom, don’t get up. Xanthus, help her.”
“No, stay away from me. I heard what you said. You’re going to kill us.”
“No, Mom, he didn’t mean it.” Sara wheeled to face her.
“Sara, you keep out of this. You were always too trusting.” Nicole clawed through the bag, spilling money onto the floor in her haste.
Sara’s heart dropped when she realized Nicole was looking for the gun. 
“It’s not there, Nicole.” Xanthus held the gun up and released the magazine. It dropped to the floor with a thud. “Sara’s right. I have no intention of killing either of you. If there is anyone who should have died here, it would be Gael. I have a feeling I’ll regret letting him live.”
Sara wheeled to his side. “Xanthus, you can’t kill your own brother.”
“He’s not my brother.” 
“He’s not?” 
“Not anymore.” 
“Enough of this,” Nicole screamed and stomped her foot. “I need to know what is going on and I need to know right now. And if I don’t like what you say, Dagonian, I’ll kill you with my bare hands. And don’t you think that I can’t.” She hurled the bag against the wall. A hundred bullets clattered and rolled across the hardwood floor.
Sara thought her mother’s statement about killing Xanthus was ludicrous, but she wouldn’t have dreamed of mentioning that with her mother in this state. Truly, if anyone could scream someone to death, it would be Nicole. And she was just on the verge right now.
“Mom, wait. We’ll tell you everything. Really we will, won’t we, Xanthus?” Sara turned toward him, trying to signal him with her eyes that the situation was desperate and they’d better do as she said.
Xanthus narrowed his eyes and sighed. “Yes, Nicole, we will.”
A long while later, Nicole was satisfied with their story, albeit not so happy to hear her twenty-year-old baby daughter was engaged and planned to leave her forever to live somewhere in the Mediterranean Sea. 
During Xanthus’s lengthy explanation, Sara wheeled to the mess of money and bullets. Maneuvering out of her chair, she sat down on the floor and began to clean up. Xanthus glanced her way and coolly asked, “Nicole, are you going to let your disabled daughter clean up your mess?”
Startled, Nicole stood. “Sara, I can get that, baby.”
“It’s all right, Mom, but I’d appreciate help.”
Xanthus and Nicole pitched in and, in no time, it was all cleaned up. Xanthus lifted Sara onto the sofa beside him.
“So let me get this straight,” Nicole said. “Your brother Gael hates you and he thought he caught you fraternizing with a half-human girl, which is a capital offense, by the way. So when you told him you planned to kill us, he no longer had any wrongdoing to pin on you. But he broke the law himself, coming up on land. So now that you’ve threatened him, he wouldn’t dare return. Am I right?”
“Right,” Xanthus said. 
“Okay, I understand.” Nicole yawned and stretched. “This has been a really long day and I’ve had way too much excitement for a woman my age.”
“Mom, you’re in your thirties.”
“Exactly.”
Nicole sauntered down the hallway. She paused before stepping into her bedroom. She turned to Xanthus. “Remember Dagonian, my daughter is fertile right now. If you get her pregnant, I’ll rip your penis off and feed it to the seagulls.” Nicole glared for several long moments, then stepped into her room and pulled the door closed behind her.
Sara’s face burned with embarrassment. If only the couch would swallow her whole. 
When she chanced a glance toward Xanthus, he looked dumbfounded. “I’ve never met a more unusual woman.” He smiled. “She is like being caught in a whirlpool. She’s moody, unreasonable, childish, overprotective, and by the gods, I’m beginning to like her.”
“I know how you feel. I love my mom. I just couldn’t live with her. She was driving me insane.” Sara sighed. “Do you really think it’s safe to stay here?” 
Xanthus pulled her onto his lap. “It’s safe, Mou. My brother’s no match for me.”
“He mentioned your bride. Were you married before?” Sara’s face felt warm and she knew she was blushing.
Xanthus smiled as he caressed her cheek. “I was engaged many years ago. It didn’t work out.”
 “You don’t think Gael can get an army and come back here, do you?” Sara put her hand over his.
“No, I don’t. In order to tell anyone about you and your mother, Gael would have to admit that he had traveled among the humans without permission. That action carries a death sentence, even for Gael.”
“But you’re here.” Sara touched his nose.
He took her finger, pressed it to his lips, and then continued. “King Triton granted me permission. And no one argues with him. That is, unless they have a death wish.”
“You’re sure I’m safe from your brother?”
“Sara, you have to trust me. You’re safe from Dagonians for the time being.” Xanthus put the tip of her finger into his mouth and suckled. Sara’s heartbeat quickened and goose pimples broke out over her arms and down her back.
 “Did you love her, the Dagonian woman you wanted to marry?” Sara’s voice hitched.
“I thought I did. But my feelings for her don’t come close to what I feel for you.” Xanthus looked in Sara’s eyes just before he lifted her wrist to his lips and began to nibble up her arm. The temperature seemed to rise ten degrees in the last few seconds and she began to tremble.
“You don’t think… that maybe, when I’m not fertile anymore… You don’t think your feelings about me will change, do you?”
He laid her arm against his chest. “Moro Mou, it’s because I love you that I put myself through this torture. If I didn’t love you, I would keep myself far away from you, away from temptation. I’ll tell you this much, our marriage had better come soon. My self-control is being sorely tested.” 
 “It is?” Her voice shook.
“Oh yes,” he growled. “But, you can trust me not to shame you. I’ll wait until we’ve spoken our vows. Even then, we should still put off our joining. I want you safe inside my castle before you carry my child.”
“Why don’t… Wait. You live in a castle?”
“House, fortress, castle… My home is very large and well-protected.”
“Oh, wow.”
Xanthus smiled, leaned forward, and pressed his lips down on hers for a moment. As he pulled away, he tugged her bottom lip with his teeth and released it with a smile. 
“What was that for?”
“I loved the way your lips looked when you said the word ‘wow’. I couldn’t resist taking a taste.”
“Oh, wow,” Sara said, drawing out the word. 
“Don’t push your luck, Moro Mou. You are still fertile.”
“Why am I? I thought I was supposed to be for only two weeks. It’s been almost four.”
Xanthus shrugged. “No female is exactly the same. For some, it lasts a few days and for others, it’s over a month. For most, it’s two weeks. Lucky is the Dagonian who has a wife whose time is longer.” He brushed a kiss across her lips. “Mmm, although right now, it makes things more difficult for me. Keeping my hands off you takes a concerted effort.”
“Gael said I didn’t smell as compelling as other females.”
“He was wrong.” Xanthus shook his head and sighed. “To me, you smell ten times, no more like a hundred times as compelling. In fact, I was beginning to think there was something wrong with me. Other males would lose their senses in the presence of a fertile female and I’ve never had any trouble resisting. Not that they didn’t stir me, but you, Moro Mou, are a constant battle for my self-control and you’ve tested me to my limits.”
“I’m sorry.” Sara trailed her fingers over his chest. He clasped her hand in his and held it still.
“There’s no need to be sorry. There’s nothing you can do about it. And once we’re married, it’ll be a good thing. But right now, I could use a good swim, but I won’t leave you and your mother unprotected.” Xanthus sighed. “Maybe I’ll take one of your human cold showers.” 
Her human cold shower. That reminded her, she may not be half-Dagonian after all, but fully human. Actually, she didn’t know what she was. All she knew was that her dad had blue eyes. That pretty much ruled out Dagonian, didn’t it? 
“I’ve grown to like that contraption,” Xanthus said, “and a cold shower is just what I need right now.” 
“Uh-huh.” Sara knew she should tell Xanthus about her dad. Or maybe she shouldn’t. Nicole had to be wrong. Nicole was probably imagining that Sara’s dad had blue eyes because she wanted Sara to have her dad’s eyes. Besides that, her dad had legs. Sara didn’t know what to think of that. Her mom was crazy. That’s what she thought. Sara couldn’t believe anything Nicole said. 
She refused to think about it anymore. She was a Dagonian and that was all there was to it.
 “—Sara, what’s wrong?”
“Hm?”
“Sara,” Xanthus’s voice rumbled, “you haven’t heard a word I was saying.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. Did I miss anything important?” Sara yawned and feigned sleepiness.
Xanthus raised an eyebrow. He didn’t look convinced. “No, nothing terribly important, Mou.”
“Oh, okay.” She laid her head on his shoulder.
“What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing’s wrong. I’m just tired.” Sara wrapped her arms around his neck.
“You know you can tell me anything, right? There’s no place for secrets between us.”
“I don’t have any secrets from you.” At least, she hoped not. Please let her mom be wrong. She wanted so much to belong with Xanthus.
“Okay Mou. We’ll talk about this tomorrow.” 
“Mm hm.” 
“Let’s get you to bed.” Xanthus cradled her as he stood. She directed him to her bedroom and enjoyed the ride wrapped in his strong arms. Xanthus opened her door, flipped on the switch, and jerked to a stop. 
His eyes widened when he found himself surrounded on all sides by teen posters. Movie stars, music bands, and countless baby-faced boys were plastered like wallpaper across her walls. 
“Oh, um, this is embarrassing,” Sara said. “My mom hung these posters for me years ago. I’ve asked her to take them down over and over again, but she’s always been too busy. And they are out of my reach or I’d take them down myself.”
Xanthus chuckled. “What have I gotten myself into?” He shook his head.
“I should have just gotten a broom stick and ripped them down.” 
“Sara…” Xanthus smiled. “So you were a typical teenager. There’s nothing wrong with that. But I do need to know one thing.”
“What?”
“If I had a poster made of me, would I be on your wall too?”
“Baby, if you had a poster made of you, it’d be the only one I’d have. Everyone else would look too ugly hanging next to you.”
“Good answer.” Xanthus’s smiling mouth descended on her lips.
He left her room a few minutes later to have his cold shower. 



“Rise and shine, sweetheart,” Nicole’s voice boomed as she yanked back Sara’s bedroom curtains and let in the horrid, beaming sunlight.
“What time is it?” Sara croaked as she pulled the pillow over her head. 
“Oh, let me see, it’s 5:51. Nothing like an early start and a morning swim, I’ll go wake Xanthus.” Sara heard her mom trot from her room. At this moment, Sara remembered why she’d left her mother. Her mom had no concept that other people had wants and needs of their own.
Sara heard Xanthus’s voice boom from down the hall. “Nicole? What time is it? Get out of my room and let me sleep.”
“Okay, grouchy Dagonian, Sara and I will just go without you. We’ll be a half a mile down the coast. There’s a little beach there and it’s always deserted this time in the morning. I can’t wait to see my baby swim.”
“Sara,” Xanthus yelled.
“Huh,” she groaned from under her pillow. She was sure he couldn’t have heard it, but she was too tired to yell.
“If you go with your mother, I’ll fillet you.”
“Uh-huh,” Sara moaned, with her face sandwiched between her pillow and the mattress.
“You’ll do no such thing,” her mother challenged.
Sara was hit with a cool blast of air when her blanket was jerked away. “Sara Elizabeth Taylor, don’t listen to that fish in the mud. A morning swim is good for you.”
“Go away, Mom,” Sara said. A moment later, she felt her pillow being tugged away. She held on for dear life.
“Sara, come on. You can’t want to go back to sleep on a beautiful morning like this.”
“Mom, please, it’s too early.” Sara felt herself slide across the mattress.
“You know how much I love to swim.” Her mom let go of the pillow. A moment later, she had her hands around Sara’s fin and began to pull. Sara reached out, grabbed the edge of the mattress, and held on. She knew her mom thought if she succeeded pulling her off the bed, she would relent.
Sara wasn’t about to let her win this time. It wasn’t a matter of going back to sleep now. She couldn’t go back to sleep even if she tried. It was about exerting her independence. She was an adult. Her mom couldn’t order her around like a child.
Nicole yanked hard and Sara’s fingertips burned but held. The mattress, however, didn’t have anything holding it in place and so it slid halfway off the box spring onto the floor.
“What the Hades are you doing to your daughter?” Sara lifted her head and blew her hair out of her eyes. Xanthus stood in her doorway, wearing only a pair of shorts. His hair was tousled and his face had a shadow of whiskers—he looked utterly gorgeous. 
Sara was distracted when her mom jerked hard again. This time, Sara’s fingers gave way and she slid down the length of the mattress like a playground slide, landing at the bottom. Dang it.
 “I’m getting her up,” Nicole said, speaking as if this situation was a daily occurrence. “Sara has always been difficult to rouse.”
Sara yanked down her nightgown to make sure all her necessary parts were covered.
Xanthus shook his head. A stream of complaints poured from his lips as he strode over, plucked her up off the floor, and carried her into the kitchen. At least Sara thought they were complaints. She couldn’t tell because he didn’t speak a word of English.
“Xanthus, my daughter shouldn’t be eating before going out swimming. She might get a cramp.”
Xanthus sat Sara in a chair and dragged his fingers through his hair. “You think Dagonians can’t swim after they eat?”
“Well, she’s half-human. That may make all the difference.”
“Nicole, Sara is not going swimming in the ocean and neither are you,” Xanthus said, exasperated. “Where do you think Gael went after he left? Do you think he’s staying in a hotel? No. He’s out there, in the ocean. You think he wouldn’t jump at the chance to come after you both? If you took Sara out into the water, he’d kill her without hesitation. While you’re here with me, he wouldn’t dare.”
“Oh, well shoot. I really wanted to see my girl swim. I guess we’ll just have to take a dip in the swimming pool out back. It won’t be as much fun, but I guess it’ll do.” Nicole snatched up a glass of orange juice and took sip.
“In chlorinated water?” Sara gasped, remembering her experience in the tub. Pool water had to be much worse. “No way, Mom.”
“To tell you the truth, I could really use a swim right now.” Xanthus crossed his arms over his muscled chest, and eyed her hopefully.
“What?” Sara’s voice rose an octave. “You can’t be serious.”
“Sara, all you need to do is hold your breath,” Nicole said. “That’s what normal humans do.”
“But what if I forget?” 
“After what happened in the tub, do you think you could forget?” Xanthus asked. 
“Well no, I don’t think I’ll ever forget. But, doesn’t chlorine hurt your eyes?”
“I have goggles, baby,” Nicole said as she pranced down the hall toward her bedroom to change into her suit. 
“Besides,” Xanthus said, “you don’t have to put your face in the water if you don’t want to.”
“Oh, yes she does. I’ve waited a lifetime to see my baby swim,” Nicole yelled from her room.
Sara saw where this was going and she was fed up with it.
She grasped the seat of her chair with her hands, reached her fin out, pressed it down onto the kitchen floor, and lifted her bottom off the chair. Pulling her hips forward, she lowered herself down to floor.
Once she was sitting, she turned over, lay on her belly, and began to soldier crawl toward her room. She’d made it several feet when Xanthus stepped in front of her, squatted down, and silently commanded her attention. 
She ignored him and crawled around his feet. “Sara? What are you doing?” he asked. There was a hint of amusement in his voice.
“I’m going back to bed. You and my mom can do what you like, but I refuse to be a part of it.” 
Sara was grateful that he didn’t try to stop her or try to help her to her room. She didn’t need either of them telling her what she could and couldn’t do. And she could darn well get to her room by herself.
She crawled through her doorway, flicked her fin, and slammed the door shut. She turned her body around, reached up, and locked the doorknob for good measure.
“Where’s Sara?” She heard her mother’s muffled voice ask.
“She’s going back to bed,” Xanthus said.
“Oh, no she isn’t. I didn’t go to all that effort getting her up just to have her go back to sleep. We are going swimming and that’s all there is to it.”
“Nicole, just let her be,” Xanthus said.
“What? It sounds like you’re telling me how to raise my own daughter.”
“Of course not. She’s a grown woman. She has a mind of her own and is determined to use it. And if you don’t begin to understand and respect that, she’ll just disappear again and I can almost guarantee it’ll be longer before you see her again.”
Sara sat on the floor next to her skewed mattress and listened.
“But you could make her see me. You’ll be her husband after all.”
“Nicole, Sara does not like to be ordered around. If I ever tried to do that, she’d leave me too, which is not an option for me. I love your daughter and I’d rather lose my tail forever than lose her. If you’d just let her make her own decisions, you wouldn’t need to have anyone make her see you.”
“But you don’t understand. I do this all for her own good. When she was little, she wouldn’t even come out of her room. She was so afraid of everyone and everything. If I hadn’t forced her, she would never have had the courage to leave the house. I did everything for her. I even gave up a perfectly wonderful husband in order to keep her.”
“This perfectly wonderful husband wanted you to get rid of your own daughter?”
Oh great, here it comes. 
“He knew Sara was unstable and he saw how my life was turned upside down because of her. Charles tried to convince me that I should have her cared for in an institution, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. I had to protect her. It was because of Sara that Charles left me. So can’t you see how much I’ve sacrificed for her? I think I deserve some respect.” 
A hand clamped down over Sara’s mouth. “If I know my brother, this conversation is about to become a lot more heated. Too bad we’ll miss it.” The next thing Sara knew, Gael’s arm was tight around her waist and they were flying across the room. They flew through her open window toward the cliff. Sara’s stomach dropped as they dove down toward the water. She tried to scream, but Gael’s hand was pressed down too hard against her mouth. She tasted blood. 
Sara fought him with everything she had. Gael yanked hard on her head, and squeezed her waist so tightly it was difficult to breathe. “Stop fighting me or I’ll break your little neck, filthy cur. Don’t mistake me for my brother. I don’t have a merciful bone in my body.”
Sara stopped struggling. She didn’t doubt that Gael would follow through on his threat.
Gael and Sara moved fast through the murky waters. Sara couldn’t see much at first. The water churned with silt and bubbles from the battering waves above. She braced herself for impact just before she slammed into the side of a boulder. The water whooshed out of her lungs and Sara struggled to gulp in some oxygen. Gael turned her around to face him. “I wish I had time to play with you now, but my brother can be a bit unpredictable when it comes to a hunt. And from what I’ve seen, he’ll hunt you to the ends of the earth. That is if I’m lucky.”
Gael began to chant. Sara didn’t know the words but the cadences were familiar. He was speaking Atlantian. A silver light appeared several feet away. It started small, the size of a pea, and then grew into a large, shimmering circle about six feet in diameter. Sara knew it was some kind of a door. She also knew that if she went through that door with Gael, she’d probably never see Xanthus again. 
Sara screamed, wailing high and loud. Gael’s eyes flew open wide in shock as he slapped his hands over his ears and roared. Sara continued to shriek as she saw a fist fly toward her. An explosion of pain knocked her head back and darkness engulfed her. 



Where under Olympus was the cab? Xanthus held the blind slat up enough to peer outside the front window.
“Xanthus, I need an outside opinion.” Nicole’s shout came from her bedroom.
Xanthus narrowed his eyes at the empty street. He sighed, turned away, and tromped down the hall to her bedroom, once again.
Nicole held up two hangers with silky blouses draped off them. Well, this was better than the bikinis she’d shown him last time. Where in Hades was Sara? Shouldn’t she be helping her mother with her thousand selections? 
“You’re a man,” Nicole said.
Obviously.
“Which one do you think is sexier?” She did a little wiggle and cocked one eyebrow.
“Sexier?” Xanthus cast a glance toward Sara’s room. 
“Yes, as a man. Which one would you rather see me in?”
“Nicole, don’t you think Sara…”
“Oh, Sara never gives her opinion,” Nicole interrupted. “Besides, she knows next to nothing about fashion.”
“And I do?” 
“You can tell me which you’d rather see me in.”
He sighed. “They both look nice.”
“Oh, no. You’re not getting off that easy. Choose. I want to know which one you think looks better.” One by one, she held them up to her chest.
They were both pretty—silky, bright, feminine. One was yellow and the other green. He liked yellow. It reminded him of the sun. “The yellow one looks nice,” he said, venturing a suggestion.
Nicole scrunched up her face. “You’re kidding.” She held the yellow blouse up to inspect it closer. She turned back to him with an expression that suggested he was insane. “The yellow one? Really? You have to be kidding.” 
Xanthus threw up his hands in defeat. “You asked.”
“Well, next time I won’t.” 
Xanthus stomped from the room. “Five minutes, Nicole,” he said, “and we’re leaving. You’d better pack faster.”
“With the help I’m getting, it’s probably going to take me an hour.” 
Xanthus stepped up to Sara’s door and knocked. “Sara, it’s time we get going. Your mom is nearly done packing. We’re heading to the mainland and your mom is going to Maui to visit a friend.” He hoped Sara wouldn’t argue about leaving with him. He wasn’t about to leave her again. Still, he had an important mission to accomplish. 
Xanthus waited for Sara to answer. He was met with silence. Why wasn’t she answering him?
“Getting the silent treatment, huh?” Nicole asked. “She does that all the time.”
She’d never done that to Xanthus before. Uneasiness clenched his gut. What if something was wrong?
He tried the knob. Locked. “Sara, you need to answer me.”
He waited for a minute and still there was no response.
“Sara, answer me or I’m breaking down the door.”
Still no answer.
Fear seized him. Something was very wrong. Xanthus shoved his shoulder into the door and the frame splintered. Inside the room, he saw the disheveled mess from before, but what he didn’t see was worse than a knife to the chest. Sara was gone. The curtains billowed from her open window.
“Sara!” Xanthus’s anguished cry rent the air as he raced to the window. He looked out toward the sea. He could still smell her sweet scent but he also smelled the sick odor of his brother. 
How could he have been such a fool? He’d thought Gael wouldn’t dare touch her while he claimed her, but once again, he was wrong about his brother. And Sara might die because of it.

***

A tremendous pounding in her skull was the first thing Sara was aware of. She felt weightless, almost like she was having an out-of-body experience. She was underwater. Memories flooded her mind. She threw her head back in a panic, slamming it into something hard. Her pounding head now felt like it was about to explode. She reached back to inspect the damage—it felt like she’d split her head open. Her fingers brushed a small lump. Okay, maybe she’d live, for now.
She tried to figure out where she was, but all she could see was pitch blackness.
She couldn’t believe what had happened. She’d been kidnapped, taken from her own bedroom, with Xanthus right in the next room. Everything had happened so fast her head was reeling. Or was that just her killer headache? 
Sara tried her best to see something, anything at all, as she reached out into the darkness. Her hands bumped into something hard and she lightly touched it. It was a metal bar. She kept searching with her hands and felt more metal bars all around her. She was in some kind of cage.
How would Xanthus ever find her? And would Gael kill her? Should she tell Gael that she and Xanthus were getting married? Would he have second thoughts about killing the fiancée of his brother? No, if that were going to help, Xanthus would have told him yesterday. Instead, he’d told Gael that he was going to kill her. 
Telling Gael about her relationship with Xanthus was out of the question. She might die, but Sara didn’t want to put Xanthus put on a hit list too.
From the corner of her eyes, a blue glow materialized, illuminating the outline of a jagged entrance to the room she was in. The swelling illumination began to fill the room. As the light increased, she saw that she wasn’t in a room at all, but a very large cave.
And she wasn’t alone. 
There was another cage beside hers. A shadow moved around, circling the cage, a shadow in the shape of a monstrous shark. Sara’s heart began to race.
The shadow of the shark got larger and larger until it slammed into the bars. Sara shrieked as the impact threw the side of the cage into her shoulder. The rocking cage pounded against the cave floor. All the while, the light continued to increase. Sara searched her surroundings, rubbing her aching shoulder. Her cage and the shark’s were connected. Thank heavens metals bars separated them or she’d be shark food. 
Sara moved back, trying to get some distance between herself and the creature. There wasn’t much room to work with. Her own tiny cage was about three feet wide and six feet vertical. She remained upright, plastered against the bars. The shark’s cage was much bigger than her own, probably about four times as big as her apartment. It allowed the shark to circle around as he stared her down with his black eyes.
“Frightening isn’t he, human?” Gael’s amused voice came like a mist through the mouth of the cave opening. A moment later, his smiling face appeared. He wore a necklace with an orb that glowed blue, bright enough to illuminate the entire cave. Sara saw that the opening he came through led not to the outside, but to a rocky tunnel. 
Sara darted a glance back to the shark. It was the biggest shark she’d ever seen. The colossal shark charged toward Gael. Once again, he hit the metal bars and both their cages shook. Sara’s body trembled as she gulped in breaths of water.
Gael’s eyes widened in shock as he snarled out a slew of foreign words. Xanthus had taught Sara some Atlantian, but from the sound of it, he wouldn’t be teaching her any of these words. She had a feeling they were very foul.
“Amintah is a bit agitated. As well he should be. He hasn’t eaten in a very long time. I can see his frustration with having a meal so close and not being able to have even a nibble.”
“What are you going to do with me?” Sara did her best to sound brave, but her voice cracked.
“I’m going to have some fun with you, my retched, little cur.”
“You aren’t going to…” She couldn’t say it. She didn’t even want to think it. 
“You wish. I put on a good show for my brother yesterday when I said I would like to mate with you. But I’d sooner mate with a sea cow than a filthy human. Not when I have plenty of willing Dagonian females. But I saw what I needed to see. He may have said he was going to kill you, but I know my brother. He thought he could fool me, but he’s the fool, a fool who is in love with a human. 
“And he’s given me the means to take him down. Before all this is over, he’ll be exposed for the human lover he is. He’ll lose everything—his status, his respect, and ultimately his life.
“But first, I must attend to Amintah.” He gestured toward the shark. “He’s very hungry. Why don’t we give him a bite?”
Sara’s eyes widened and she clung to the back of her cage. She looked toward the vicious shark. Scars crisscrossed his back. Then she saw two metal rings that looked like handcuffs connected to the bars that kept her separated from the shark. It wasn’t hard to figure out what those were used for.
Gael reached out, grabbed her right elbow, and yanked her grip away from the bar. She clawed and twisted with all her might. “Please, no. Please don’t do this.” 
Gael may not have been as big or muscular as Xanthus, but he was still much stronger than she was. Sara was helpless as he put her hand through the metal ring and locked it in place, closing it tightly around her wrist. 
“Please, don’t do this, Gael. I never did anything to you. Why are you doing this to me?”
“I do it for the sheer enjoyment of it,” he said with a smile.
Sara yanked and pulled with all her strength, trying to free her hand. The metal cut painfully into her skin. It was no use—her hand was exposed inside the shark’s cage. And the shark kept circling. 
A few moments later, the shark moved in. Sara sucked in water, closed her eyes, and braced for the attack. Something sandpapery brushed over her knuckles and a jolt of fear nearly stopped her heart. Then she felt nothing. She was shaking hard when she chanced a peek. The shark continued to circle. 
She yanked her hand again, trying her best to pull it out. 
A moment later, the shark moved in again. Sara closed her eyes and braced herself. Like before, his rough skin scraped over her knuckles.
“Oh Hades, Amintah,” Gael said. “Just bite her hand off already.” Without warning, the shark turned his attention to Gael, charging him and slamming into the side of the cage. “Amintah, what is wrong with you?” Gael shouted.
The shark turned away and continued to circle. Gael shook his head and scowled. He swam forward and pulled out a knife. “This will get him going.” He reached in and slashed the blade across Sara’s fingers, cutting deep, bringing instant pain as she cried out. “There’s no way he can resist you now.”
The shark’s gaping mouth appeared in an instant. Gael jerked his arm back just in time to miss the snapping teeth. When the shark couldn’t clamp down on Gael’s arm, it bit down on a bar. The shark shook the cage violently, jerking Sara’s wrist painfully against the band and slamming the metal cage against the rocky floor over and over again. Silt clouded the water. 
The shark resumed circling the cage. 
Gael gaped at the creature, his eyes following his movement. Once again, Gael looked hopeful when the shark moved in toward Sara. This time she didn’t close her eyes, didn’t cringe away. Amintah kept his eye on her and for a third time, brushed his body under her outstretched hand. Sara’s fear of being exposed to attack had melted away. She was far from being an expert on shark behavior, but she suddenly felt calm. This monstrous shark was not going to hurt her. He was giving her a message. She now understood it perfectly. She had nothing to fear from him.
Gael shouted, enraged. 
Sara’s ears stung as Gael let loose a string of profanity. She didn’t understand a word of it, but it was upsetting nonetheless. He raced over, unlocked her door, and ripped the cage open, cursing at her the entire time. 
“I guess I’ll just have to take care of you myself.” When Gael released her hand, he fisted her hair in his grasp and yanked her out the door. Sara heard the shark slamming into the metal bars as they entered the tunnel. She wished Gael had opened Amintah’s door, too.
Sara couldn’t believe this Dagonian was Xanthus’s brother. She felt her hair being ripped out by the roots. Xanthus and his brother couldn’t be more different. Xanthus was a protector, his brother, Gael, was a soulless, evil monster. 
“Why are you doing this to me? Why aren’t you just killing me?”
 “The best things in life are to be savored. And I am going to enjoy watching you die. Triton thinks my brother is a great warrior, but look at him. He didn’t have the heart to kill an abomination. By the gods, he fell in love with the abomination. 
“The law demands your death regardless of how my brother feels about it. He may think he’s above the law, but he’s not. And I’m only too happy to rectify the situation. Once it is known what he has done, it will mean his death also.”
While he spoke, Gael pulled her through the tunnel’s twists and turns, not hesitating a bit when they came to forks in the maze. The light increased as they moved. It was blinding as they entered open waters and Gael swished to a stop. 
“Now I’m going to explain what will happen.” He pulled Sara up close. She smelled an odor emanating from him and it wasn’t pleasant. It made her stomach churn. 
“You see, I still can’t have anyone think I inflicted injuries on you for my own entertainment, and they can’t know I was the one who killed you. They’d never believe that you posed any kind of a physical threat to me, so they’d expect me to bring you in alive. If we were still on the surface, it wouldn’t matter what I did to you. But down here, it does. However, if I did bring you in alive, they would rob me of your kill by executing you themselves. I have no intention of letting them have that honor.
 “Amintah would have provided the perfect means of killing you with no evidence pointing toward me. But since he decided not to cooperate, I’ll have to adjust my plans.
“I still have to produce your body for Xanthus to answer for his actions, and I need to gather evidence to nail my brother for his criminal behavior.” Gael smiled a crooked smile. 
“Now, I think it’s time we got down to business.” 
An explosion of pain pierced Sara’s belly. She looked down and saw Gael pull out a long, curved blade from her stomach. Blood billowed like crimson smoke from her wound. “Maybe we’ll have better cooperation from the other sharks in this area. Don’t be afraid for my safety if you don’t see me.” He chuckled. “I’ll be fine. I’m just going to watch them rip you apart from a distance. I’ll be back to chase them off and collect your body when you’re dead.”
With that said, Gael smiled and left, stirring the cloud of blood in his wake. Sara was in shock. She could taste the coppery flavor of her own blood as it thickened in the water. She pressed hard on her belly, trying to stem the flow. She didn’t know if the wound was fatal, but the way she was bleeding, she feared it could be.
Sara had to get out of here. She jerked forward, her movement unnatural and awkward. She wished she’d had more time to practice swimming. She thought she was getting pretty good at it, but put a knife through her gut and she couldn’t swim a lick. 
The blood clouded the water, making it difficult to see. She’d closed her eyes for just a moment and felt a bump from behind.
“Who’s there?” Sara asked, her voice weak. She pried open her eyes and saw nothing but red haze. Soon, her eyes closed again. There was another bump, this time from underneath. Sara thought it must be the bottom of the ocean because it remained pressed against her body. She still had the strange sense of floating, though. Sara continued to have soft bumps coming from different sides.
Sara tried to swim several times and each time she flicked her tail, there was another bump. Her eyes were too heavy to keep open and she was too weak to call out anymore. 
She didn’t know how long this lasted, but after a while, she heard a strange humming. It was faint at first. The tones rose and fell like voices but they spoke strange words she couldn’t understand. They grew louder and insistent—almost angry. Sara tried to see who spoke, but she couldn’t quite get her eyes open. 
Then the ground disappeared from under her and she floated. Or maybe she died. Sara wasn’t sure. Hands began pulling her, touching her, pressing on her belly. Hadn’t she just been doing that? Sara was relieved when the pain began to fade.



Warm, sweet-scented water caressed Sara's skin as she floated. Each breath of water brought soothing floral smells and tastes. A hum of music tickled her eardrums and made her smile. It was a strange song. Each note flowed into the next as an odd dance of tone and melody. She’d never heard anything like it.
Sara felt fingers weave through her hair, and then tug in a rhythm that reminded her of when her mother used to braid it. Someone was braiding her hair. Who could be doing such a thing? 
Maybe it was an angel. She must be dead. Why else would she be feeling such a sense of well-being? She remembered what had happened. Gael had stabbed her, trying to coax the sharks into attacking her. But they hadn’t come. She must have bled to death. 
Now Xanthus would never find her. How could he ever find her here? She was in heaven, out of reach, even for him. A sob shook her chest and pain shot through her stomach. Wasn’t she supposed to feel no pain? 
Sara’s eyes blinked open. She was in a large, underwater room. The walls were made of stone. Immense glass windows displayed an incredible view of coral reefs. They seemed to reach up and over the underwater building, cocooning it in a dome. All around the reef swam an array of tropical fish. 
She glanced around the room. The ceiling reached over twenty feet high. There were two very large sculptures on either side of the room. They were of dolphins breaching the surface, waves curling up the sides of their bodies.
A beautiful voice lilted in Sara’s ears, singing words she didn’t understand. She turned to see who was singing. A young Dagonian, about her age, hovered nearby. Black, intricate braids floated in a halo around her head. The Dagonian woman’s face was breathtaking. Her eyes were dark, her skin the color of toffee. She held Sara’s braided hair in her hands. When their gazes met, the Dagonian woman blinked, and then her eyes widened in horror. Unfamiliar words burst from her mouth just before she let go of Sara’s hair and darted out the door. The flowing swish of a blue tail floated out behind her.
Was this a dream? She looked like a mermaid. Her tail was different from Sara’s—blue, not flesh colored. And it was much more beautiful. Xanthus was wrong when he said her fin was perfect. It was much too plain.
Sara chided herself. This was not the time to go all self-conscious about her tail. Her stomach was throbbing with pain, letting Sara know she wasn’t dead and she wasn’t dreaming. 
She needed to get out of here. 
Sara tried to swim, but she couldn’t get her fin to work right. She jerked her way toward the door. Each stroke of her tail brought sharp pains in her belly. She knew she had to hurry—the woman was probably going to get her big husband or maybe the police. 
Just as Sara was about to go through the door, she was met by someone frightening—the woman’s sister. At least, Sara assumed it was her sister. She was a close likeness to the woman who’d left, except she had cinnamon-brown braids. Now that Sara got a good look at the both of them, she was in awe. They both had tails complete with colorful scales. Their fins were long, flowing, and delicate. To top off their look, fin-shaped bikini tops covered their breasts like colorful butterfly wings. The two Dagonian women were much more beautiful than any image of a mermaid Sara had ever seen. 
She almost smiled at the stunning sight. Then she looked the brown-haired woman in the eye and was startled. She was staring Sara down with a hard glare. 
Sara braced for what was to come. The brown-haired Dagonian turned to her sister and spoke in clipped tones. She seemed satisfied about something. Maybe satisfied was too strong a word. More like resigned. She probably realized that Sara was not a threat and was completely inept at being in the water. 
The brown-haired woman gestured toward Sara. Her brunette sister hesitated a moment before she slowly approached. They each hooked an arm through Sara’s arms and floated her back to where they’d kept her before. 
The brown-haired sister spoke to Sara, as if giving her instructions. Sara didn’t understand a word of it. She looked at Sara as if expecting an answer.
“I’m sorry. I don’t understand.” 
The Dagonian gasped. “You speak English?”
Sara’s eyes widened. From what Xanthus had told her, very few Dagonians spoke English. Who was she? 
“You’re human?” she whispered.
Sara knew Xanthus wouldn’t approve of her telling anyone she was human, but this Dagonian had already most likely figured it out. If the Dagonian knew she spoke English and had the cursed blue eyes, it didn’t take a genius to figure it out. Sara hesitated only a moment before she nodded. “Half,” she said.
The brown-haired Dagonian barked out foreign words to her sister. Sara could tell they were talking about her. They looked as if they didn’t know what to do with her. Sara hoped they would let her go. It couldn’t hurt to ask.
“I need to return to the surface.” Sara pointed up.
“You live with humans?” the brown-haired Dagonian asked.
“Yes, I do. I keep my fin hidden from them so they don’t know what I am. But still, I need to get back.”
The woman nodded, apparently relieved. “Yes, you safer there. But you heal first. You died.”
Sara assumed she meant she almost died, since Sara clearly wasn’t dead now. But she didn’t want to wait to heal. Xanthus had to be worried sick. If she was gone long, he’d assume she was dead. 
“I have to go now. I can’t wait.” 
The brown-haired sister shook her head. “Drink first.” She handed Sara what looked like a mermaid’s purse with a narrow tube. “You heal faster.”
Sara was willing to do anything to appease these Dagonian women and get back to dry land—and a phone. She took it. The bitter-tasting drink didn’t go down well. Still, she drank the whole thing and handed it back to her.
“Thank you. So how… Do I…” 
Funny, Sara couldn’t remember what she was just saying. Her mind felt hazy. A giggle escaped her lips. Now, what was it she needed to do?
“A nap, that’s what I need to do. I need to take a nap.”

***

Sara awoke. Her stomach churned and grumbled, hunger twisting it painfully. She needed food. She peeled her eyes open to darkness. Obviously, it was now night. Those deceitful Dagonian women had drugged her. How much time had passed? Xanthus had to be frantic. She needed to get to him.
Looking around, Sara tried to get her bearings. She was still in the same room. It was quite spectacular at night. The walls had a luminescent quality. A faint green glow came from the walls, illuminating the room. There was cloth covering the windows. The sheen of the cloth had the appearance of crushed pearls. They were held in place by rods at the top and the bottom of the windows. 
Something covered Sara’s body from her tail fin up to her neck. She looked around and realized she was sandwiched in soft, plush fabric stretched across two intricately carved pillars. The cloth brushed her body gently as she swam, easing out of the fabric. This must be the Dagonian version of a bed. They didn’t need anything to cushion their sleep; they just needed something to keep from floating about the room.
Sara swam to the open door and peered out into a hallway. She couldn’t see anyone out there. She did see that at the end of the hallway, the floor sloped downward. She must be upstairs. She swam out of the room, then down, following the slope. The stone along the slope was carved to resemble interlocking tentacles. This must be a Dagonian version of a staircase.
Sara hurried; she needed to get out. She felt a bit guilty about leaving so abruptly. She hadn’t even had a chance to thank them. But she had to get back to dry land. She couldn’t waste any more time. If the Dagonians were smart, they’d be glad to be rid of her. 
Sara reached the lower level and jerked to a stop when she heard a voice. “Going somewhere?” The words were clear and well spoken. 
Sara turned to see the black-haired sister. “I… Well… I’m sorry. I do have to be going. I thank you for all you and your sister have done for me.” 
“Sister?” She swam toward Sara and, with a swish of her tail, stopped just in front of her. “Oh, you mean my mother.” 
“She’s your mother? But you both look the same age.” The Dagonian smiled at her. “I forget how humans age. We Dagonians don’t age after adulthood.”
Sara drifted back a bit, nervous at being so close to this Dagonian woman. She was stunning. Her eyes were dark, wide, and full of expression. She seemed to be tall or long, however they described it, and she was wafer thin. 
“I’m Adelpha, by the way. And my mother is Chara. She’s been the one caring for you.” She glanced around, nervously. “She’s worried about me being around a half-human.” She said this as if Sara should know what she meant. After spending so much time with Xanthus, she kind of did.
“I’m Sara.” 
“Are you a princess then?” Adelpha’s eyebrows rose.
Sara smiled in surprise and shook her head. “No, I’m not. Why would you think I’m a princess?”
“Sara means princess in Atlantian. So you really grew up among them? The humans? Are they as terrible as everyone says? Are humans all murdering, filthy creatures? You look so normal. You must have strong Dagonian genes. But I have to say your eyes are very strange.” Adelpha looked at Sara as if she were some supernatural being.
Sara nervously moved to tuck her hair behind her ear, which was pointless underwater. Her fingers brushed over a small, floating braid. Adelpha didn’t seem to notice her silly action.
“Humans, for the most part, are loving and caring people,” Sara said. “There are some that murder and do other terrible things, but we put them in prisons to keep the rest of us safe.”
Adelpha’s jaw dropped. “That’s just what we do. Are all humans as beautiful as you are? I was told they were vile and ugly. But I must say you would turn quite a few heads down here.”
 “Well, thank you. And yes, there are many more beautiful women than me. My mother is human and very beautiful. I’m told I’m the exact image of her.”
“Wow, it makes me wonder if all the tales I hear about humans are false.” Adelpha shook her head, the braids floating around her head waved with the movement.
“I would think most are,” Sara said, “but from what I see of you and your sister, Dagonian women are stunning. Just look at your tail fins. Mine is so plain compared to yours.”
Adelpha’s brows crinkled in confusion and then her eyes lightened in understanding. She laughed. “These are not our natural fins. They are coverings, something like human clothing. Our true fins look just like yours.”
“What beautiful clothing,” Sara said. 
“Are you not happy with yours? I could get you something else to wear.” Adelpha looked Sara up and down.
Sara followed her eyes down and gasped. She was dressed just as beautifully as Adelpha. Her tail seemed to be made of shiny silver scales that reflected rainbow colors and sparkled like magic. The fabric covered her breasts, hugged her waist, and covered her all the way to end of her fin. Her fin fanned out and looked like mist. “Oh, wow,” Sara said. She’d never worn anything so amazing.
“I hope you don’t mind your stomach being covered. I didn’t think you’d wanted anyone to see your wound. If you don’t like your covering I could…”
“Oh no, I love it, Adelpha. It’s so beautiful.” 
Adelpha looked pleased with her response.
Sara wished that Xanthus could see her. At that thought, she frowned. “Listen, Adelpha, I appreciate everything you and your mother have done for me. I mean if it weren’t for you, I’d be dead. I could never repay you, but I have to get back to the surface. My fiancé has to be worried sick. He probably thinks I’m dead.”
“You’re getting married to a human? But you can’t. Oh dear, I didn’t even think of all the complications in your life.”
Oh dear was right. How was Sara ever going to explain to Adelpha that she was marrying a Dagonian that was now living on dry land and that he was going to bring her back down here where she didn’t belong? She didn’t belong anywhere, did she? 
“Regardless of how complicated it is,” Sara said, “my fiancé loves me for who I am and I love him, too, more than my own life.”
Adelpha’s face softened and she shrugged. “How can I argue with that? But getting to the surface is not as easy as it seems. If anyone sees you… Well, it wouldn’t be good for you. I’m just glad my brothers aren’t here. I don’t want to scare you, but if either one of them were to find you, they’d arrest you and take you to the counsel. You could even get executed. 
“You see, our kind has no tolerance for interbreeding with humans. My mom and I debated whether to keep helping you after we found out you were human. But ultimately, we decided we had no choice. We couldn’t just let you die. Besides, you looked so sweet and helpless.” She smiled, “To tell you the truth, I’m not sure my youngest brother would take you to be killed. You are such a pretty thing and he may seem tough on the outside, but inside he’s quite sweet.”
“I have question for you,” Sara said. “Where did you learn to speak English so well?”
Adelpha smiled, a sly glimmer in her eyes. “My brother is fascinated with humans. He knows many human languages—funny how humans need more than one. But he said that English is the most universal language, so he taught us. I took to it more quickly than my mother did. She still struggles with it.”
“Do many other Dagonians…”
“Adelpha, breakfast please.” Sara looked up and saw Adelpha’s mother, Chara. She didn’t look too pleased with their conversation.
“Yes, Mother,” Adelpha said. She swam through a nearby doorway.
“You feel well?” Chara spoke in chopped, halting words.
Sara hadn’t even thought about it. Her injury didn’t seem to be bothering her anymore. “I feel fine. How long have I been here?”
“Three days,” Chara said.
“What? How could I?”
“You sleep.”
“Did you drug me the whole time?” Sara asked, incensed.
“Drug?” 
“The drink that makes me sleeps.” 
“Oh no, only yesterday, First two days you sleep. You heal well. Nearly…” she couldn’t seem to find the word, “done healing.”
 Three days. Sara was sick, thinking about how long she had been missing. Still, it wasn’t this Dagonian’s fault. “Thank you Chara, for your help. But I must be going. I have to get back to the surface.” 
“You live with humans?”
Here we go again. “Yes, and I need to return.”
“Eat first.” 
Sara’s stomach screamed for food, but still she hesitated. She desperately needed to get to Xanthus. However, she would need her strength for the journey ahead. “Okay,” she said. “But then I must go.”
Chara nodded. “Then you go.”
Chara led Sara to a room that she guessed served as the dining area. In the middle of a large, warmly lit room, there sat a very wide, cylinder aquarium with dozens of colorful fish swimming around inside. The top of the case shimmered like there was some sort of force field. When a little blue fish swam at it, it bulged for a moment, but the fish was deflected. 
“Sara, I hope these fish are to your liking. I don’t know what kind you’re used to, so I brought in a wide variety.”
Oh my goodness. What was she supposed to do with them? Sara looked at Adelpha and Chara, expectantly. She’d reasoned that she could just watch them and do what they did. But they looked to her as if she needed to go first.
She guessed it would be easiest just to be honest. “I have to tell you that I have no idea how to catch and eat fish.”
They both gasped. Adelpha spoke, “Oh, my goodness. Do you eat land animals?” She looked a bit green as she considered the possibility.
“I do eat fish also, but only after someone else catches them for me.” Sara reached out to brush her fingers over the force field. It felt like soft Jell-O.
Adelpha sighed in relief. “Oh. Now that I can do. Which one would you like?”
Sara looked at the variety, but none of the fish looked anything like what she’d gotten in the grocer’s case. Sara didn’t want Adelpha to feel as if she’d worked for nothing, so she picked one.
Sara pointed to a small, rounded fish with blue stripes. “This one looks good.”
“Oh, yes. The blue ring angel fish is one of my favorite too.” As the fish swam near Adelpha, she snapped out her hand and snagged it. The fish squirmed in her hand just before she broke its neck, twisted off the head, and placed the severed head back in the tank. The other fish darted over to the floating head and began to nibble. Now she knew where Xanthus got his table manners.
Adelpha handed the headless body to Sara and smiled. 
“Thank you,” Sara said. Okay, no fillets. She could deal with it. Not wanting to offend them, Sara took a bite into its side. The scales felt strange but as soon as her teeth reached flesh, the delicious flavor exploded in her mouth. This fish tasted much better than anything she’d ever eaten before. Maybe it was because she was so hungry, but Sara couldn’t imagine anything could taste so amazing. She had to force herself not to devour the thing like an animal, so she concentrated on chewing slowly.
“This is very good,” Sara said after she swallowed.
Adelpha smiled wide. “They are, aren’t they? I also love the hermit crabs,” she said as she reached deep in the tank and picked up a shell from the bottom, extracting a small crab and popping it whole into her mouth. She threw the empty shell back into the tank.
Sara looked over to Chara and saw her breaking off the head of a small moray eel. Wow, were all Dagonians super strong? Chara was not careful at all as she took large bites out of the side of the eel and chomped on the meat. 
“Which one would you like next?” Adelpha took the flesh-stripped carcass from Sara’s hands and lowered it into the tank.
“Why don’t you let me try to catch one?” Sara asked.
Adelpha smiled. “Sure, but don’t be disappointed if you cannot. Our young take several years to master fish catching.”
Sara looked around the tank. Let’s see, what she needed was an extremely slow fish. Around the other side of the tank, she saw a jellyfish. It moved slowly enough for her. Sara saw Chara move to another side of the tank and snatch a tiny fish. She guessed she didn’t need to stay put, so she moved over to the jellyfish.
“Be careful…” Adelpha said.
Before she could finish her warning, Sara reached in and grabbed the slow moving jellyfish around its tentacles. It felt as if she’d grabbed a hot curling iron. She screeched and jerked her hand out of the tank. She held her burning hand close to her chest, careful not to touch the singed flesh.
“Oh, Sara, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have let you… Mom?”
Sara hadn’t even realized Chara had left, but as she turned toward her, she saw her swimming back into the room carrying a green blob of jelly in a sheer bag. She looked at Sara as Atlantian rolled off her tongue like an avalanche. Sara had a feeling Chara was saying something about what an idiot she was. 
Even so, Chara took Sara’s hand and smeared the jelly across her palm. The relief was instantaneous. It felt cool and soothing. “Thank you,” she said. 
A bump came from the front of the house. It sounded like a door opening. Chara and Adelpha looked at each other with eyes wide and then they looked at Sara.
Chara barked out orders in Atlantian to Adelpha. Adelpha grabbed Sara by the arm and led her toward a small door. She opened it and shoved Sara inside. “Don’t say a word,” Adelpha whispered. “Keep completely quiet.” She eased the door shut. Sara was left inside a small closet. She was only too willing to do as Adelpha asked. The last thing she needed was to end up in prison, or worse, dead.
Sara eased over to the door and pressed her ear against it. She heard another door closing, and then she couldn’t hear a thing. She sat in silence, listening to her own watery breaths. Something soft and slimy brushed against her arm. She jumped, knocking into who knows what and making a loud clatter. Oh shoot.
She heard the door to the dining room slam open. “Why are you lying to me? Who are you hiding? I can smell her, Adelpha.” Xanthus. It sounded just like Xanthus. 
“Come now, brother, it’s only a friend of mine who’s just left,” Adelpha said. 
“And pray tell me why a female would be traveling around visiting friends during her time.” Could it really be Xanthus? Maybe all Dagonian men sounded like him.
“She didn’t know,” Adelpha said. “She must not have realized it was her time,” Adelpha remarked again, “and you know we couldn’t have told her. Only males can recognize when it’s a female’s time.”
The door to Sara’s closet swished opened and she found herself face to face with an angry, ferocious warrior. 



Sara was so surprised to see Xanthus, that she sat frozen with her mouth agape. As surprised as she was, he looked a hundred times more shocked. 
“Xanthus,” Sara said and swam straight toward him.
Xanthus enveloped her into his strong arms. “Sara,” he said. “Great gods of Olympus, you’re alive.” 
Sara felt his trembling body surround her and she began to cry. 
“Shh, Moro Mou.” His voice was low, tormented, and aching for her. “Don’t cry, Mou.” 
As if she could stop. She hadn’t let herself truly embrace the reality of her situation until now. It had all been too frightening, too terrifying to face head on, but now that she was safe in his arms, she was overwhelmed with relief. Somewhere deep in the subconscious of her mind, she had believed she would never see him again. Now, tight in Xanthus’s embrace, breathing in his warm, masculine in scent, she couldn’t hold back the tears. A miracle had occurred and he was here.
Sara found her attention was turned a few minutes later when she couldn’t breathe. Xanthus was squeezing the breath out of her. “Xanthus, you’re holding me too tight,” she gasped. He lessened his grip, allowing her to breathe again.
When Sara was recovered enough to think, she pondered her great fortune. This was his family. She couldn’t believe she was here with his family. What were the odds of that? 
His sister whispered in Atlantian and Xanthus jerked back. “What? You’re injured? Where? Show me.” 
Sara looked down. There was a barely noticeable seam just below her belly button. She lifted up her shirt at the seam to show her belly and blanched at her own injury. It was long, red, and stitched with many stripes of black thread. “I guess any future of me being a bikini model is gone.”
Xanthus was not amused by her jest. He looked enraged. “He did this to you?” he asked. Sara guessed he was talking about Gael, but didn’t want to alert his family about his brother’s involvement.
“Yes, he was trying to get the sharks to attack me. But they didn’t.” 
“No, they didn’t,” Adelpha whispered with wonder in her voice. “The sharks brought her to us.” 
“What?” Xanthus and Sara said together. 
Adelpha nodded as her eyes darted back and forth between them, “It’s true. It was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen. What do you think it means, brother?”
Xanthus looked at Sara, narrowing his eyes as he studied her. Then his eyes flew open wide, as if he’d just had an epiphany. He paused a long time before speaking. “I think I know, but I can’t speak of it yet.”
Xanthus shook his head as if shaking himself back to reality. “We need to move. Adelpha, Mother, we need to get Sara to the tunnels. It can’t be a coincidence that she ended up in my home. Others will be coming.”
Xanthus towed Sara down the hall to a huge room. It looked to be sleeping quarters. Given the immense size of the room, it had to be the master bedroom. He swam over to a stone picture with a landscape scene of a tropical island. Just below it was a border of scrolled carvings. He pressed down on a raised swirl. Sara felt the soft compression in the water as a section of the wall collapsed in, and then slid open without a sound, revealing a dark tunnel.
“When was this tunnel constructed?” Adelpha asked, surprised. Obviously, she hadn’t known about it until just now.
“The same time as the others,” Xanthus said. “I just never told anyone about it. Lucky I didn’t. I never knew I’d need it to hide someone from my own family.”
“Gael?” Adelpha asked.
“He is a soldier. He would be duty-bound to bring her in.”
Adelpha nodded, satisfied with his answer. 
Xanthus closed the door panel behind them. At first, the difference was so dramatic that Sara thought the tunnel had no light. But as her eyes adjusted, she saw a faint glow from the tunnel walls. It seemed to go on forever, twisting and turning. A door came into view along the way. Xanthus opened it and led the way inside to a chamber. 
“Diamo,” Xanthus spoke low and the room was filled with light. There was sparse, strange furniture. Sara recognized a sleeping thing-a-ma-jig and there looked to be a wall of bookshelves filled with leathery books strapped inside. She seriously needed to learn Atlantian. Another wall was a giant aquarium. Fish of all shapes and colors swam in this fish tank and the wall shimmered like the surface of the tank in the dining room.
Xanthus turned to face Sara. He cradled her cheeks in his palms in a gentle demand to have her attention. “Now Sara, I’d hoped to prepare for this before bringing you home. But now that you’re here, I’ll have to make some minor changes in my plan.” 
Xanthus turned toward Chara, who was looking around the secret room. “Mother, I’m going to need you to bring the priest. Don’t go back through my room. Just follow the tunnel through to the exit.”
Adelpha turned in surprise. “Why do we need a priest, brother? You can see Sara is not going to die.”
“No, but until the priest comes, she’s still at risk.”
Chara snarled as she rushed forward to Xanthus. He let Sara go and turned to confront his mother. Chara bellowed, shouting at her son, and then she turned a glaring eye at Sara. 
What in the world had she done?
Xanthus responded with snarling, brutal words of his own. He also moved in close, towering over Chara as if he were trying to intimidate her.
“I was right,” Adelpha whispered in Sara’s ear. “My brother wouldn’t have turned you over to be executed.”
“What are they arguing about?”
“My brother is just reminding my mother that he is the master of this castle and she needs to respect his position.”
“But she’s his mother. Shouldn’t it be the other way around?”
Adelpha smiled. “Of course not. You humans have strange ways. In this case, I agree with Xanthus. Mother is trying to tell him not to marry you.”
“Wait. Is that what they are arguing about?”
“Oh yes.”
“But why is it so important for him to marry me now? And why is she so against it?”
“He needs to marry you now in order to protect you. You see, a husband is responsible for his wife. And that includes any crime she commits. If a wife commits a crime, the husband serves the sentence.” 
“That’s crazy. So if I am caught, Xanthus would receive my punishment?”
“Yes.” Adelpha frowned.
“Well, shoot, if that’s the case, I’m never going to marry him.”
Adelpha raised an eyebrow. “You speak as if you have a choice.”
“I don’t?” 
“Well, does your father approve of this marriage?” 
“I don’t even know who my father is.” Sara shrugged.
“What about your grandfather or brother?” 
“I don’t have a brother and I’ve never met my grandfather.” What was this, the middle ages? Didn’t women have a say in something as important as marriage? 
“Well then, you don’t have any say in the matter,” Adelpha said, setting her straight.
Good grief. Dagonians could use some serious women’s liberation. 
“Don’t worry, Sara. My brother is very kind. He’ll treat you well.”
“It’s not me I’m worried about. If I’m caught, he’s going to end up in prison or dead. I couldn’t live with myself if anything bad happened to him because of me.”
“Sara, I think you’re worried over nothing. My brother is extremely clever. If anyone can figure out a solution to this problem, my brother can.”
Sara glanced back to the heated argument. Chara threw her hands out and shook her head as she looked toward the ceiling. Frustrated words tumbled out of her mouth. Then, with a swish of her tail, she left.
Xanthus swam toward Sara. “Sara, I’m sorry about my mother. She’ll come around.”
“Is it true that you intend to marry me now in order for you to take the punishment of my crime?” 
“Sara…”
“I won’t let you do it!” 
Xanthus turned to his sister. “Adelpha, would you let us speak in private?”
Adelpha cleared her throat. A smile tugged at her lips. “Sure, brother,” she said and left. Sara wondered for a moment where she’d go. To roam the tunnel maybe.
“Sara, we already talked about this. I will keep you safe.” Xanthus pulled her near and pressed his lips against her forehead.
“You never said that by being my husband that you would be the one executed. You could die because of me.”
“Sara, you need to trust me. We can make this work.”
“No, we can’t. I can’t gamble your life like that.”
“Yet, you thought I would gamble yours when I brought you here? Sara, it goes both ways. Your safety is my top priority, but I’ll also tell you this. I have no intention of going to prison. Now, I’m going to ask you again. Sara, will you please be my wife?”
Sara looked up into his handsome face. His dark eyes were filled with love and he was looking at her. It still amazed her that she had captured the heart of such an amazing man—or Dagonian. How could someone so wonderful love a human like her? Wait a minute. She hadn’t told him she probably wasn’t half-Dagonian after all. Sara didn’t want to tell him, but she couldn’t enter into a marriage with that kind of lie between them.
“I have to tell you something first. And after I do, you may not want to marry me after all.”
Xanthus looked surprised. Well, he was about to be even more surprised. “I’m not a Dagonian. I’m not even half-Dagonian.”
“How do you know?” He was calm. He certainly didn’t look surprised. Sara didn’t know what to think of that.
“My mother told me about my father.” 
“And what did she say?” 
Curiosity burned in his eyes. “She said he had blue eyes. He also had human legs, like you do, when on land. She thinks she saw a fin as he swam away, but she wasn’t sure. If she’s wrong, I could be all-human. But, even if she’s right… You said Triton gave you the ability to change on land. So if my father had blue eyes, legs on land, and a fin in the water, it has to mean something. I don’t know what, but I mean… Don’t you think it means something?”
“Yes, it does mean something. Sara, I don’t want you to repeat what you told me to anyone. I have to straighten a few things out first. So until then, I’m telling you to say nothing about your father—no matter what happens.”
“So you understand that I’m not a Dagonian?” Sara asked.
“Yes, I agree you’re not a Dagonian.” He took her face in his hands and pressed his soft lips to hers. When he pulled away, he looked at her as if he were in awe. “But you’re not human either. You’re a mermaid.”
 “What? But I thought they were extinct?”
“They were. Poseidon ordered them all destroyed.”
“But then where did I come from? Who is my father?”
“We spoke of this once before, but I dare not repeat it now until I know the details.”
“My father is Triton, isn’t he?” She spoke the realization as soon as it came to her mind. 
“Shh.” He took a quick glance behind him, as if he expected someone to be eavesdropping. He turned back and sighed. “Yes, he is your father. But Sara, it’s very important that you keep this to yourself and tell no one. Do you understand?”
“No, I don’t understand, but I’ll do as you say.” 
“Good girl.” 
Anger clouded his features. “Now, I need to know exactly what happened to you after my brother took you from your mother’s home.”
“Why do you need to know? It’s over now,” Sara said, not wanting to relive the horror.
“Sara, just tell me.”
“Okay, but I’d really rather not talk about it.”
Xanthus scowled when Sara hesitated.
“Where do you want to me to begin?” She braced herself for the nightmare.
“Start at the beginning.”
So she did. Sara told Xanthus everything that had happened at her house and about how Gael had knocked her unconscious. She told him that when she awoke, she found herself in a cage next to a shark. Xanthus didn’t look too happy with that statement, but he let her continue. When she told him his brother wanted to have some fun with her before he killed her, Xanthus looked appalled. 
“Did he touch you?”
“No. He said he’d as soon mate with a sea cow than a human. I guess I should have been insulted, but I was very relieved.”
Xanthus seemed to share her relief. 
“What he meant was he wanted to torture me.” 
Xanthus’s eyes narrowed. He looked like he was about to explode. But he held his composure and his tongue. 
“He wasn’t very successful at the torture part though. He took my hand and put it through a metal ring between a shark’s cage and mine. He meant for the shark to bite off my hand, I suppose. This is the strange part—the shark did come toward me, but only to brush against my hand. I was very frightened at first, but after he gently brushed my hand several times more, I realized the shark was no threat to me.”
“No shark would ever harm a mermaid. Sharks are very loyal to Triton.” 
“That’s good to know. Well, then Gael…” Sara looked toward the door and thought that maybe she shouldn’t have used his name. Adelpha might be listening.
“Go on.”
“He got angry because the shark refused to attack me, so he tried to entice the shark with my blood. He cut me.” She showed Xanthus her hand. A red line streaked across three of her knuckles. The cut was healing nicely. Maybe Chara’s drink was healing her hand too. 
“When cutting my hand didn’t work, he got angry, pulled me out of the cage, and carried me out into open waters where other sharks could get me. And that’s about it.” 
Xanthus shook his head. Sara noticed he looked about a decade older, which was still much younger than his actual age, when you thought about it. 
“And how, pray tell, did you get the injury in your stomach?” Xanthus raised an eyebrow.
“Oh, I already told you that one, Gael did it.” Sara shrugged.
“Tell me again.”
“He just stabbed me. I had no warning. I didn’t even see the knife until he was pulling it from my belly. Then he said don’t worry about his safety; he was going to watch the sharks rip me apart from a safe place. I think that was his sick attempt at a joke. He said he would retrieve my body when I was dead, and then he swam away. Everything after that was a bit hazy. I don’t think I was conscious for very long, and when I woke up, I was here.”
Xanthus looked at Sara, conflict raging in his eyes. He pulled her into his arms. “Sara, as soon as we are wed, I’m going to leave you here for a short time. I will make Gael pay for what he did to you. And, this time, I won’t make the mistake of leaving him alive. Then I have business to take care of. But I will be back as soon as I can.”
“Business? Right after we’re married? But won’t we have our honeymoon?” Okay, the thought of the honeymoon scared her a bit, being a virgin and all. But darn it, a woman wanted to feel irresistible and Xanthus seemed to think business was more important. Sara found herself feeling undesirable.
“Yes. We will,” he said as he leaned forward. His eyes darkened when he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her hard against his body. Sara gasped. Xanthus took advantage of her open mouth and kissed her, passion driving him. This kiss was a different—more intense, more exiting, and it fairly overwhelmed her. Xanthus had always showed a certain amount of restraint when he touched her, but this time he nearly lost control, bordering on desperation.
Xanthus suddenly froze. He tore his mouth away from hers as he pushed her away, his breathing ragged and his jaw clenched. Sara used every ounce of strength in an attempt to hold him close. It didn’t make a bit of difference. He was too strong. 
“Do you understand now how much I want you?” he asked.
Sara had a hard time processing what he was saying. That kiss had rendered her unable to form a coherent thought. When she realized what he’d asked, she nodded, amazed. As much as she wanted their honeymoon, he wanted it more. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I shouldn’t have kissed you. The closer we get to our wedding, the harder it is. You’re still healing. You need to rest, not be assaulted.”
Sara smiled and reached out to take his hand. “I like being assaulted by you.”
He answered her with a scowl.
“You didn’t hurt me.”
“I could have.” His eyes were saddened by regret. “You should get some sleep before the priest comes.”
Right, the wedding. Sara couldn’t believe she was getting married today. “I wish Gretchen and my mother… Oh my gosh, they have to be worried sick. Xanthus, how are we going to let them know I’m all right?”
“Don’t worry, Mou. I’ll call them while you sleep.”
“How can you call from here?” Sara looked around but didn’t see anything that resembled a phone.
“I have a dry room with a satellite phone down here. I’ll show you where it is and you’ll be able to call anyone anytime you like.”
“Oh, wow.”
The corner of his mouth tugged, almost smiling. “There you go wowing me with your lips again.” Then his almost smile turned into a scowl. “You’d better not be fertile when I get back. Now’s not the best time to bring a baby into the mix. But so help me, a Dagonian can only wait so long.”
Xanthus dimmed the lights for her and left her to sleep before the priest came. 
As if she could sleep right before her wedding. Not a chance.



Xanthus and Sara were married just a few minutes after she awoke.
Sara had to admit, she’d never dreamed that one day she’d get married in a dark tunnel that looked like something out of the Phantom of the Opera, wearing a borrowed, mermaid-like costume with a mother-in-law that looked as if she wished her dead. But a girl can’t have everything, right? 
Her mother-in-law’s eyes pinned her with daggers throughout the ceremony. Sara just knew that if Chara could change the past, she would have let her die from her knife wound. The way she was looking at her, Sara didn’t doubt Chara now wanted something along the lines of clawing her eyes out.
It was some consolation that Adelpha seemed to be pleased with the marriage. Sara guessed two out of four wasn’t bad. Xanthus and Adelpha wanted her. On the other hand, Chara and Gael wanted her dead. That was a bit more extreme than most families. 
The priest fidgeted as he stumbled his way through the ceremony. He couldn’t bring himself to look Sara in the eye and then he left immediately after. Xanthus told her the priest was honor-bound not to reveal her location to anyone, even the law. He answered to the gods alone. Sara wondered if Xanthus had had to threaten him in order to convince him to marry them. Heavens, she hoped not.
The ceremony passed with Sara in a daze. She had answered “Vei” (the Atlantian version of yes) when Xanthus signaled. He’d then placed a gold ring on her finger, kissed her, and she was a married woman. Or mermaid. Whatever she was, she was a married one. 
Sara had no idea what she’d vowed to do in this marriage. 
When the wedding was finished, Adelpha and Chara didn’t linger, but left immediately, leaving Sara and Xanthus alone. 
“So what did I actually agree to?” Sara asked Xanthus. “I don’t have to swim naked through the streets of Atlantis now, do I?” 
He laughed and pulled her into his arms, “No, thank the gods. Do you have any idea how many men I’d have to kill if you did that?” He smirked. “You simply agreed to see to my every want and need, including scrubbing barnacles from my tail.” 
Sara was glad to see he was in better spirits now. “Is that something like grooming an old person’s gnarly, fungus toenails?” She scrunched up her nose at the thought.
“Something like that.” He chuckled. His smiling lips brushed over hers. “Seriously, you agreed to something on the order of loving, cherishing, obeying, and being faithful to me.”
“Oh, that’s not so bad. But do I have to obey you? Like everything you say?” Sara thought about how different his culture was from hers, where women didn’t have much say in their lives. She was a bit nervous about how much freedom she would have. 
Xanthus’s eyes softened. “Dagonian women are subject to their husbands and must always obey them. But I understand you come from a different culture. I will do my best to ask things of you and not give you orders. You may ask the same of me. Does that ease your mind?”
Sara nodded and looked up into his eyes. Her throat constricted when she realized how lucky she was. She couldn’t say her dreams had come true. Sara had never dreamed anything half this good. 
She wrapped her arms around Xanthus neck. “I love you.” 
Xanthus held her tightly against his body and his eyes burned so hot she felt scorched. “I love you too, Sara Dimitriou. I never knew love could be this strong. I swear to you that I will do everything in my power to keep you safe.”
His lips lingered over hers. 
“Don’t you want to kiss me?” she asked, wondering at his hesitation.
“I don’t trust myself to merely kiss you. I now have one less reason for waiting to… to… Hades, I need to leave before I forget my reasons for waiting.”
A thunderous crash from beyond the room echoed through the door and interrupted their interlude. Her feelings turned from intense desire to quick fear as she squeaked out a cry. 
In that moment, Sara was looking at Xanthus’s broad back. “Sara, wait here. I’ll be…”
A thunderous voice bellowed in Atlantian. It was a voice of anger, a voice that promised violence to anyone that crossed it. 
“Who is it? What do they want?” she asked.
“It’s my father,” Xanthus said.



“Xanthus, where is the cur? Where is that filthy cur? Your mother sent me a message, telling me what you were trying to do. And we on the counsel cannot allow this. I cannot allow this. Bring her to us now and you will go free. If you try to protect her, you will die.”
Xanthus knew Sara couldn’t understand a word of what was being said. Still, she had to be terrified. There was no mistaking that kind of anger.
Xanthus rushed to a large trunk, removed an arsenal of weapons, and began strapping them to his body. Sara was frozen, too shocked to move.
“Come, brother,” Gael’s voice joined his father’s. “I’ve told them how she seduced you. I’ve told them of her power. We know you are blameless. Just bring her out to us and you will be spared.”
His father spoke again. “We understand you tried to marry this human witch. But your mother saved you from that unholy union. The priest was not a true priest. You are not married. You do not have to accept this witch’s punishment. You are not bound to her.”
“Xanthus, what are they saying?” Sara asked. “They’re here for me, aren’t they? Your mother told them. You need to let me go. Maybe they won’t hurt you if you do. We don’t have to tell them we are married.”
“No,” he shouted. “I will not turn you over. You don’t have any idea what awaits you.”
“Death?” she asked boldly.
“Death is the easy part. What comes before death is the bigger worry.” 
 “Xanthus,” his father shouted. “I have my personal army standing by my side. You will find no friends among them. There is no one to help you here. If you cannot break from this witch’s spell, they will not hesitate to kill you, son. You need to try to break from it. You must bring her to us.”
Xanthus was relieved that he would not have to kill any friends today. He had no respect for his father’s soldiers. They were heartless killers, each one. His father was careful when choosing those who fought alongside him. 
Xanthus led Sara into the tunnel. 
“Sara, I will protect you. But you must do what I say. If I say move, do it without question. If I say stay, don’t move. I must know where you are at all times.”
“But…”
“Sara, if you don’t, you put us both in danger.”
“Okay, okay. I’ll do it. But I really think you should turn me in.”
Xanthus growled. “That’s not going to happen. Keep close to me and trust me to protect you. This is what I do.”
Xanthus pulled her in for a quick, crushing kiss. “I love you, Sara, never mistake that. And whatever happens, I will do all within my power to make you safe.”
“Should I tell them about my father?” 
“No,” Xanthus snapped. “Whatever you do, don’t do that. Your life would be worth nothing. No, just keep quiet and if worse comes to worst, I will figure out a way to get word to your father. Now follow me.”
Xanthus moved as quickly as he dared. Sara still wasn’t a very strong swimmer. His tail brushed against her outstretched hands while they swam through the tunnel. The light grew brighter as they neared the exit. He knew that the bulk of the army would be meeting them there. His mother would have told them where the exit was. She’d obviously let his father and the others into his castle. He couldn’t chance going through it. He’d made it nearly impenetrable, but that also meant that getting out would be a problem. 
So the place of battle would be amongst the coral. 
Xanthus smelled the soldiers before he saw them. There were three of them ahead in the tunnel. He drew his weapon. It was a butterfly dart gun that could shoot two dozen tiny, poison-tipped darts. The moment they were in range, he fired. He heard cries and grunts from the Dagonians. 
Xanthus and Sara swam toward the exit of the tunnel, passing by the floating corpses of the three Dagonians. He slowed his approach, grabbed Sara’s hand, and pulled her against his body as they hugged the side of the tunnel.
The light was blinding as they reached the mouth of the cave. Xanthus tucked Sara behind his back. He could feel her jump when the army sounded a battle cry. 

***

Sara focused on breathing steadily and not panicking. The last thing Xanthus needed right now was her falling to pieces.
 “Stay here,” he ordered, and then he was gone. She heard the clanking of metal as she felt currents of water pushing her from one side to the other, and from above. As her eyes adjusted to the light, Sara saw Xanthus flying like a ghost through the water. He clashed with Dagonian after Dagonian as they came at him one after the other. Each warrior’s face was contorted with rage, anger, and bloodlust. 
Xanthus clutched a trident in one hand and a sword in the other. He met and deflected each strike, each spear, even each harpoon that was being shot from a distance. Sara had no idea how skilled a warrior Xanthus was until now. Countless soldiers surrounded him, yet they couldn’t land one strike against him. But every blow delivered by Xanthus met its mark, slashing flesh, and dismembering limbs. 
Sara was sickened when Xanthus took the head off one soldier and then in the same swipe, the armed hand of another. Red, billowing clouds filled the water. Out of the clouds, Sara saw a spear come straight for her head. She screamed—fear and horror driving her wailing cry. Xanthus deflected the spear at the last second. 
A moment later, the sounds of battle ceased. Sara continued to scream as she felt an arm clamp around her waist and a hand slap over her mouth.
Then there was silence.
The fighting must have been over, given the stony silence. That could only mean one thing—Xanthus was dead.



“Greetings, brother.” Xanthus barely heard Gael’s shout over the ringing in his ears. He emerged from the crimson cloud to find his brother with a small spear gun pointed at Sara’s temple. Xanthus caught Sara’s eye. The relief that came over her face was overwhelming. He had no idea why she was relieved, given the fact that he’d failed her.
“Her scream packs a punch down here, doesn’t it?” Gael said. “It’s deafening, literally. I should have known what she was the moment I heard her scream before, but it wasn’t until I saw her with the sharks that I knew. And then those beasts wouldn’t let me near her.”
Xanthus shook his head. The ringing in his ears was deafening. He could barely catch what his brother was saying. But his hearing was the least of his worries. Sara’s life hung precariously in the balance. One false move and he knew his brother wouldn’t hesitate to kill her. It would be the last thing his brother ever did, but that would be little consolation to Xanthus if Sara were dead.
 “The last time she screamed like that,” Gael said, “it took me a full two hours before the ringing stopped and my hearing returned. Thank the gods I have some ear plugs this time or I’d be having the same problem again.”
The coppery taste of blood was thick in the water. The limbs and bodies of three dozen dead soldiers floated around them in a haze of red. Xanthus had killed nearly all of them. Sara’s high, wailing scream had driven the rest of them off. But that didn’t make any difference in the end. Xanthus had no choice but to submit to his brother. His mind was working hard to figure out how to get her out of this. Right now, nothing was coming to mind. 
If the counsel were honorable, he could tell them what and who Sara was. Honor would demand they turn her over to her father. But the counsel was less than honorable when it came to the Mer. Their hatred ran deep. Telling them Sara was a mermaid would end very badly. The council would be safe from Triton’s wrath if he and Sara were both dead. Dead men tell no tales. Yet, if he held his tongue, they would be sent to Panthon Prison to await execution. It would be hell, but at least they would be alive. And while he lived, there was always a chance of escape. Xanthus had never thought so before, but then he’d never been so highly motivated.
“Lead. Brother, you…” Gael spoke too softly for Xanthus to catch every word.
Xanthus shook his head in confusion. 
“Oh for the love of…” Gael shouted, “P-a-n-t-h-o-n P-r-i-s-o-n.” He enunciated both words loudly and gestured in the direction of the prison. Xanthus understood and nodded. With a lump in his throat, he led them on to their doom. Gael followed, dragging Sara along, his hand clamped over her mouth and the point of the harpoon digging into her temple. 
Gael didn’t give Xanthus any window of opportunity for escape. Gael was very careful not to loosen his grip or turn his attention from his prisoner. Xanthus knew as long as his brother kept her in close peril, he would have no choice but submit. 
On their way to the prison, they were met by other soldiers who surrounded them. One look at Sara’s blue eyes and the shouts of outrage began. Xanthus looked up and saw Kyros among the men. His friend was white with shock. Xanthus saw him speak with a guard, who was snarling in anger. Kyros shook his head in disbelief. He gave Xanthus a desperate look. He didn’t move for several long minutes. With a sigh, he swam towards Xanthus’s home.
If only Xanthus could have given Kyros a message. But they were not alone. He couldn’t chance it. 
The scene unfolded in horror before him. Word spread quickly that a half-human had been captured. Crowds gathered, lining the road to Panthon Prison. The Dagonians shouted, taunted, and hurled out threats. It took all of Xanthus’s control not to retaliate. The only thing he could be thankful for in this situation was the fact that Sara didn’t understand the sick and horrific threats they were shouting. But she could see the anger, and she looked terrified.
Sara kept darting desperate glances over to him. He was her only hope. And he couldn’t help her. Despair slammed into him and he could scarcely breathe. 

***

Sara smelled the prison long before she saw it. The stench overwhelmed her. The only thing she could compare it to would be the carnival latrines she’d seen as a child. Add to that oozing, rotted meat and multiply it times a thousand and it might come close to the smell. 
Sara’s eyes widened when she saw the prison. It was enormous, dark, and foreboding. She’d never seen such a stark structure in her life. Wooden spikes stuck out of the ground like porcupine quills surrounding the outer perimeter of the prison. Skulls balanced on many of the sharp points. One of them was obscured by frenzied fish. Sara was sure that she wouldn’t want to see what was in the midst of the ravaging fish. She doubted it would be pretty. 
“Scary, isn’t it? Just wait ‘til you get inside.” Gael’s whispered voice chilled her as they approached the terrifying prison.
“Sara, when I remove my hand from your mouth, you will not scream. If you do, Xanthus will die. If you try to contact anyone outside of the prison, try to escape the prison, or do anything at all to displease me, Xanthus dies. Do you understand? His life is in your hands. You decide if his head is the next one impaled on these spikes.”
Sara began to tremble as the full weight of their situation sunk in. She kept her eyes on Xanthus. He looked calm, like he had everything under control. Maybe he had a plan for their escape. She just hoped the plan didn’t end up getting him killed.
The guards moved to open the heavy entrance doors. Inside, the dark hallway gaped open like the entrance to hell. Sara sobbed as they entered. She could see Xanthus’s calm façade burn away. He struggled against the guards when they led him away from her. He snarled angry, desperate words. 
A guard answered with his own rage as he struck him across the face and shouted at him. 
Sara gasped as the cruel guard slammed the blunt handle of his spear into Xanthus’s back. She wanted to scream at the guard to tell them not to hurt Xanthus. But she remembered, all too well, what Gael had threatened and held her tongue. 
“I wouldn’t cause any trouble, if I were you.” Gael sneered as he spoke to Xanthus. “If you give them any difficulty at all, or if there happens to be any commotion anywhere around you, the guards will alert the warden and he’ll kill the half-human immediately.” 
Sara felt the last shreds of hope peel away with those words.
As soon as Xanthus was gone, Gael pulled Sara up so they were nose to nose. “Enjoy your last day alive, human. Mark my words. You will die soon and I will be the one to deliver the fatal blow. You will yet die by my hand, mermaid,” Gael said, and then shoved her into the hands of the guard.
Sara’s mind flickered to a thought. Wasn’t Xanthus supposed to take her punishment? She clenched her mouth shut, unwilling to remind them and risk Xanthus receiving her punishment. He would probably die anyway for all the soldiers he killed today. And if he died, she wouldn’t want to live. She’d welcome death.
A moaning cry escaped her lips as she trembled in fear. Xanthus had told her of the danger she’d face if she were found. But she’d never really thought it possible. Things like this just didn’t happen to good, American girls. But here she was, living a reality worse than her most terrifying nightmares.
Sara looked around at the dark, rocky hallway. Green algae swayed like dead, rotting fingers pointing her toward her death. 
 The guard pulled her along, avoiding her gaze. She had no idea where she was going or what would happen to her. Were they going to torture her before she was executed? She hoped not. She hoped she lived long enough to escape, and even more, she hoped they wouldn’t harm Xanthus. Of all the things they could do, that would be the worst.
They snaked their way through winding hallways. The guard stopped as he came upon a door guarded by one small soldier. Well, he was small for a Dagonian. The guard holding her arm spoke to the other guard, who nodded, left for a moment, and then brought back a chain with shackles. He snapped one of the shackles around her fin and then pushed her through the door. A blast of putrid air hit her face as she fell. Her body hit the dry, silted ground several feet below. She coughed as she breathed in the dust her fall had stirred. 
The guard remained within the wall of water as his hand reached inside to clamp the other end of the shackle to an iron ring mounted to the wall. Then he shut the door. Sara was chained to the wall inside a dry cell. She lifted her hands off the floor to see them caked with mud. A giggle escaped her lips. So this is the torture they had planned for her? Tears streamed down her face as her giggles turned to sobs.
A familiar voice called out from within the room. “Well, look who’s come to join us.”



Xanthus’s blood pulsed in his throat as the guards led him deep into Panthon Prison. The water seemed to thicken and darken. The cells were packed with inmates. Each wore the same expression—a mixture of shock and elation. Half of the criminals here had been brought in by Xanthus. He’d never dreamed he would one day be a prisoner alongside them. 
“Oran… Ry…” His voice growled low. “The female is not what she seems. I am giving you fair warning. If you find yourself on the wrong side of this, you will assure your death. And it won’t be delivered by me, but by someone infinitely more powerful. But if you help me, you will not go unrewarded.”
“Shut up, prisoner,” Ry said, poking the point of his harpoon at Xanthus’s back, drawing blood. 
Rage and despair nearly overcame Xanthus when they reached the deepest prison cells or ‘the belly of the beast’ as they called it. The cells here were small, so small that a Dagonian couldn’t swim, couldn’t even move. Each cell was a living coffin. Whether you were put in head first or tail first would determine how much you suffered here. 
Tail first—you would still be able to catch the occasional fish that swam close to the bars of your cell. Head first—you had no chance. You’d waste away and die a slow death. Some of the Dagonians down here were nothing more than skin and bones. Their near immortality allowed them to live quite a long while despite their emaciated conditions, but each moment was wrought with a hunger so fierce they were soon driven mad.
Xanthus heard the wailing of other prisoners. He’d always hated this part of the prison. The endless suffering, the way each Dagonian, no matter how strong-willed, succumbed to the misery here was difficult to witness. No one who had been here for any length of time could escape the madness. He knew Sara’s only hope was for him to convince one of the guards to help them.
“I will give you one final warning, honorable guards.” Xanthus spoke low. “Don’t listen to my father, brother, or the counsel on this one. They are wrong, clinging to twisted beliefs. In this case, it will lead to a great number of deaths and suffering for us Dagonians. You don’t know who it is you hold in this prison. Help her and you’ll find protection, but harm her in any way and there will be no mercy.”
Oran turned to Ry. “Maybe we should listen to him. Xanthus has always proven honorable before.”
“Are you siding with a cur lover?” Ry shouted and curled his lips in disgust.
“But he said she isn’t what she seems. I think we should believe him.”
“Well, I think you may need to be taken before the counsel yourself. You know the punishment for disobeying a counsel order.” 
Oh yeah. Oran’s life as a soldier would be over. 
“You’re right,” Oran relented. “He’s got to be lying.” 
“I know I’m right. This pathetic Dagonian has decided to side with the human murderers. He deserves our worst.”
Xanthus didn’t like the sound of that. But he’d reached Oran on some level. It might not take much to push the soldier into helping him.
Ry opened a cell that had recently had its bars replaced. They looked shiny and strong. There would be no breaking out of this.
Xanthus resisted the urge to try to reason more with the guards. He didn’t want to appear desperate, despite feeling just that. Instead, he narrowed his eyes and gave them a hard look that promised retribution. Oran took one look at his face and quickly turned away.
“In the cell,” Ry said.
Xanthus began to back his way in. 
“No. You go in head first.”
“You really want to do that?” Xanthus sneered. “The counsel might be angry if I’m not alive to answer for the many soldiers I killed this day. But hey, it’s your life.”
Doubt clouded Ry’s eyes for a brief moment and then it was gone. “If you’re that important to them, they’ll ask for you long before your life expires. Now move.”
Xanthus inched his way into the dark, stony cell. He felt as if he were entering his own coffin. Perhaps he was. His mind raced. Should he have continued to fight after Sara was captured, regardless of whether or not they survived? Death may have been a better option. He hoped not, but at this moment, he had serious doubts. As bad as he found his own situation, he was tormented not knowing what was happening to her. The guards were not known for their gentleness, but so help him, if they laid a hand on her, he’d send them all to Tartarus to answer to Hades, or better yet, he’d send them to her father.
With that thought, a light switched on in Xanthus’s head. A smile spread across his face. There was hope after all. Once the guards were gone, he spoke the words that would bring him unimaginable pain.



Sara’s eyes widened as they rose from the ground and rested on the last person she expected to see deep under the ocean’s surface. 
Slink.
He was flanked once again by Ettie and Tane. “No,” she said in surprise. “What are you doing here?” 
“Dreams do come true.” Slink ignored her question. His smile widened, showing blackened teeth. His body looked more emaciated than ever. 
“How’s your boyfriend?” Slink chuckled. “It looks like he’s doing a great job protecting you.”
“Shut up, Slink.” The deep, baritone voice caught her attention. She looked toward the opposite end of the long, narrow cell. A blond, tanned man strode toward them. His skin was dusted with white (salt maybe). Her defenses rose. There was something familiar about this man.
He sauntered over to her. “Sorry about Slink. I think his mother dropped him on his head when he was a baby.” 
The stranger put his hand out to shake hers. She kept her hand to herself, not willing to trust this prisoner yet.
“Don’t worry, I won’t bite. I can’t vouch for those three.” His head jerked back towards Slink, Ettie, and Tane. “My name’s Josh, Josh Talbot.”
Sara’s jaw dropped. “You’re the famous deep sea diver. The one that was lost in a diving accident.”
Josh barked out a laugh. “You heard about that? It was no accident. I made the greatest discovery of this century, this millennium, probably of all time. Too bad you merpeople don’t want to be discovered. Nice to meet one that speaks English.”
“They aren’t merpeople. They call themselves Dagonians.” 
Josh raised his eyebrow. “They?”
She ignored his question and looked around, inspecting the cell. It was not overly large, about ten feet wide and twenty feet long. The stone walls were layered in algae. Iron rings were bolted in the wall about every six feet. The floor was bare silt, except for a few rocks, a bowl of dirty water, and a couple of fish bones. The opposite wall was not made of stone, but was a wall of water. Sara couldn’t see much except blue water, grey silt, and a school of silver fish.
“Who cares what they call themselves,” Slink said. “They’re all worthless. They think they can keep us down here. We’re Americans. We have rights. These things don’t feed us. They give us dirty water to drink; there are no beds, no bathroom, and no hope of leaving. And she’s one of them. She’s the reason we’re here in the first place. I say we rip off her arms and have ourselves some seafood. What do you think, Ettie? Tane? You think you’re strong enough to do it?”
Ettie moved forward. “Oh, yeah. I could do it.”
“No one touches her without going through me,” Josh said. 
“Back off, Talbot. She has it coming,” Slink said.
“You idiots don’t realize.” Josh shook his head. “She’s not like us. She can escape if we help her. Then, if we do, then just maybe she’ll help us get out of here too. Dudes, there are hundreds of feet of water between freedom and us. And as good a swimmer as I am, there’s no way I could make it to the surface. I’m not seeing any better option, are you?”
“I can’t leave,” Sara said.
Josh turned to her. “Sure you can. That lock doesn’t look too complicated. I know I could spring it.”
“You don’t understand. They have my husband here. If I escape, they’ll kill him.” 
“Well, shoot.” Josh plopped down, cross-legged in the sand. “You know, keeping my famously optimistic attitude has not been easy down here.” 
“Join the club,” Sara said, eying Slink and his friends. They had strolled away and were whispering enthusiastically amongst themselves, planning something. Slink put his arm around Tane’s shoulder. It was then she noticed Slink’s hand was shaking. Drug withdrawals. That wouldn’t put him into a very reasonable frame of mind. 
“Okay.” Slink slipped his arm away from Tane and strolled over to Josh. 
Josh stood and Slink sneered at him. “Now that we know she won’t help us, we’re back to my original plan. And don’t try to stop us, Talbot. We out number…” Josh’s elbow slammed against Slink’s nose. Blood exploded from his face as he bent forward. “Augh. What’s wrong with you?” 
Ettie and Tane came at Josh from opposite sides. Josh stepped back and Tane’s fist hit Ettie in the forehead. From there, it was an all-out brawl between the three of them. Fists flew, kicks landed, and spittled grunts peppered the sand with blood. 
What Sara didn’t see until it was too late, was Slink coming up behind Josh with a rock in his hand. She shouted out just in time for Josh to turn around and get slammed in the face with it. He fell unconscious to the floor, blood running from a gash in his forehead.
“Whoa, that’s a good one, Slink. Now what do we do with him?” Ettie took his jaw and moved it around, as if trying to work out the pain and stiffness from being punched.
“I say we put his head in the water and keep it there.” Slink kicked Josh hard as he lay prone on the sandy floor. “What better way for a deep sea diver to die than by drowning?”
“No,” Sara shouted. “He can’t hurt you now. Just leave him alone.”
“Oh look,” Slink said. “It’s the filthy little mermaid begging for his life. I’d say that gives us more reason to kill him.” 
“But won’t the guards be angry with you?” she asked. 
“The guards? Like they care. Talbot here already killed two other people just this last week and the guards didn’t bat an eye at it.”
“He killed two men?” Sara didn’t know why that bothered her. She’d seen Xanthus kill dozens of Dagonians earlier today. Maybe it was because Josh was a human, and humans weren’t supposed to kill other humans.
“Oh, yeah. He was thinking he was all tough,” Slink said. “Said he’d been a Navy Seal. The two guys who were here before us weren’t impressed and decided they wanted to play around with Talbot. Talbot didn’t like the games they played and later that night, he killed them while they were sleeping. Yeah, this Talbot is a real winner, killing people in their sleep. He’s a coward, that’s what he is.
“Come on, Ettie, Tane. Let’s put his head in the water and see how long this diver can hold his breath.”
 “No, please, just leave him alone,” Sara shouted as they shoved Josh’s head into the wall of water. Josh jerked awake and thrashed around. Sara scooted along the floor and grabbed Tane’s ankle. Tane responded by kicking her arm away. 
She grabbed again. “Please stop.”
Tane growled and slapped her hard across the face. Sara felt as if her cheek had exploded. Through the spots of floating lights, she saw Josh flailing as Ettie and Slink held his head in the water. 
She covered her face with her arms and began to cry. “Please let him go. Please let him go. Please let him go.” Sara tried to block out the horrifying images. She’d thought she’d gotten over her fear of drowning, but it was all coming back to her. She continued to plead in a tormented rhythm that came from deep inside her. Eventually Josh’s thrashing stopped and still, she continued to plead. “Please let him go.”
Silence surrounded her. The only sound left now was her small keening and low chanting. Josh must be dead. She didn’t know him well, but the short time she had, he’d been kind to her. Her heart broke a little at the terrible way he’d left the world.
Somewhere inside this torment, a part of her expected at any moment to be accosted. Almost without thinking, she wrapped the chain around her fingers, leaving a long loop she could swing if necessary. She knew when it came to physical strength, she didn’t stand a chance against them, but she’d go down fighting. 
When a few moments passed without an attack, she took a chance and glanced up. There they were—all of them, including Josh Talbot—staring at her. She squealed in surprise.
“You let him go,” she said in total shock.
Slink eyes blinked, confused. “Of course. You asked us to. Why did we? What in the… Ettie, why did you let Talbot go?” he asked as he shoved him.
“I don’t know. She asked us to? You let him go, too.” Ettie shoved back.
“It was her voice,” Tane said. “She was singing, you know… mermaids… sirens… they can hypnotize people with their voices.”
Sara thought that was the most ridiculous thing she’d ever heard. But then again, come to think of it, people did seem to lose their minds every time she sang a tune. That was why she never, ever sang around other people. As a child, the attention she got had frightened her. Even Ron had lost his mind when she sang at the concert. Maybe Tane was right.
Sara felt like an idiot knowing what she was about to do, but hey, at this point, anything was worth a try. 
Her melodious voice rang out and, to her surprise, it had a greater effect than she ever thought possible.



From within a dry, air-filled dungeon deep under Triton’s palace, a voice was pleading for mercy. “Please, I just want to go home,” the human woman cried. Her sobs caused her nose to drip mucus and her makeup-smudged eyes to swell red—definitely not becoming on her.
“Now Danielle,” Triton said. “We’ve gone over this. You and your friends are responsible for killing over three thousand Dagonians. If I let you go, where is the justice in that?” 
“But I didn’t even know that Dagonians existed,” she shouted, grating on his nerves. If the human couldn’t show him more respect, he’d forget his intention of leaving her alive and turn her into sea foam, so help him.
Triton marched over and bent down, staring at her nose to nose. “I warned you. Do not raise your voice to me.” 
Her eyes widened. “I’m sorry. I was upset.” 
“I know you were. You’re not the only one upset about this situation. Here, let me show you another example of what you’ve done.” 
“Please, no.” 
Triton raised his trident and manifested the body of a Dagonian infant lying pale against the sand, his black, glassy eyes open. Triton ignored Danielle’s wails. 
“This child was the firstborn son of a married couple named Ata and Hera. They had waited years for a child and were finally rewarded for their patience with his birth. They’d smothered him with love and affection for only two weeks. When he was merely fifteen days old, they were in their home enjoying a peaceful evening, unsuspecting that danger lurked from above. Hera had the babe at her breast when the poison descended on their home. The effects of the poison were felt immediately. It burned like acid, eating away at them, as they breathed it through their gills. They suffered for over an hour, clinging to one another until they finally died.”
“I didn’t know. Don’t you think I would do things differently if only I’d known?” Danielle collapsed on the sandy floor and sobbed.
Without warning, several feet away, the floor swelled. It continued to grow until the sand vomited a large form covered in Heitach. “Well, it looks like your good friend, Xanthus, has sent me another guilty party. Shall we see who it is? Perhaps it’s a friend of yours.”
Triton raised his trident and the Heitach slithered off the body, which collapsed onto the ground. Triton recognized him at once.
“What is this?” He slammed his trident against the floor. “Xanthus Dimitriou, what is the meaning of this?”
Xanthus groaned and pushed his aching body away from the sandy ground. “Majesty,” he said, his voice raspy. “I have important news for you, Sire.”
Triton glared. His mouth twitched, almost smiling as he thought about the pain Xanthus had voluntarily endured. The Dagonian was a glutton for punishment. “And you couldn’t come to me in the normal way? You know there are better ways to travel than by Heitach.” 
“Yes sir, but it was the only way I could think to get out of Panthon Prison.”
Triton was dumbfounded. “And just what were you doing in Panthon Prison? I was under the impression you were still on land.”
“I was imprisoned, along with Sara, my intended wife.” 
“I was not aware you were engaged. So you came down here to save your bride from prison? You know once she is in Panthon, there is no hope for her.”
“That is usually true, but I was hoping you could help me,” Xanthus said.
Triton was annoyed. Anytime a mortal got close to a god, it was only a matter of time before they start asking for favors. “What crime did she commit?”
“Her only crime was being born, Majesty. She was born on the surface. She has hidden among the humans since her birth twenty years ago.”
A lump formed in Triton’s throat and he felt as if a stone had been placed on his chest. He knew that there was only one likely answer to his next question. Still, he hoped beyond hope that he was wrong. “And pray tell me, who is this prisoner’s mother?”
“Her name is Nicole.” 

***

Xanthus and Danielle were blown back hard against the stone wall as Triton erupted in a roar. Xanthus landed on the floor. He pushed himself up to confront Triton. The sea god had transformed, exploding into a twenty-foot tall figure with gaping jaws of sharp, serrated teeth and burning red eyes. He looked like a demon. His deafening roar filled the dungeon with retching torment. 
“I have a daughter? How could I not know?” He screamed in anguish. His head whipped around as accusing eyes pierced Xanthus. “Now your Dagonian’s have her in prison. How dare they put a daughter of Triton in Panthon Prison! I will kill them all. They will writhe in pain and agony while their flesh is slowly eaten away. So help me, if they harm one hair on her head, they will all die this day.” He moved in close, his towering figure bent over Xanthus as his voice roared like a beast. 
Xanthus was struck with fear at the awesome power and fury of an angry god. Still, he was somehow able to find his voice. He hoped Triton would hear him out before striking him down. 
“They don’t know she’s your daughter.”
Triton moved closer, and snarled. “But you knew, didn’t you? Why would you not tell them?”
“Sara and I were the only ones who knew the truth. You don’t know the hatred my father and the counsel had for your merchildren. She does not as yet bear your mark of protection. If they had known the truth, they would have had both of us killed and our bodies destroyed before you could learn of her existence. I knew it was safer for them to think she was half-human, half-Dagonian. At least until we could come to you.”
Triton narrowed his eyes, perhaps deciding whether or not to blow Xanthus into oblivion. Danielle stirred and began to whimper. Triton turned his trident on her and in a flash of light, she was gone.
Xanthus had to ask. “Is she...?” 
“…back with the humans.” Triton’s answer was dismissive. He paused, deep in thought. “I’ll need you to come with me to the prison. Maybe you can keep me from killing every Dagonian I lay eyes on.”
Triton sighed. “Somehow I don’t think that would endear my daughter to me, at our first meeting, to see her father kill everyone in sight.”
“Yes sir. I must go regardless. It is killing me not knowing whether she is being mistreated. If that is the case, I may join you in your killing spree.”
“Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.”
Xanthus had no warning when a flash of light blinded his vision. When he could see again, he found himself at the doors of Panthon Prison. Triton was back to his normal form. Xanthus hoped he wouldn’t ever have to see him in his angry god form again.
There were two large guards stationed on each side of the door. The larger and meaner looking of the two swam forward. “Xanthus Dimitriou, I don’t know how you escaped from your cell, but it’s good of you to turn yourself in.”
“Let us pass,” Triton said.
The guard turned to him in disgust. “I don’t know who you are, but no one…” 
Triton raised his trident and the guard began to shake. He thrashed around, wailing as his body shriveled up around his bones and, a moment later, his skeletal form floated away lifeless, carried by the gentle current.
Xanthus turned to the other guard, whose eyes were wide in horror, his face white as sea foam. “You might want to let King Triton pass.” 
“Yes, of course, Majesty.” The guard shook himself out of his stupor, yanked open the door, and let them in.
As soon as they passed through the doors, guards rushed in and surrounded them. Before there were more misunderstandings, Xanthus shouted. “King Triton is here for his daughter.”
The group erupted in a confusion of voices and questions. “There is no mermaid being held here.” 
“A daughter of Triton, here?” 
“I thought they were all dead.” The questions came at them from all sides at once. 
“Enough,” Triton shouted. The building rumbled at his voice and cracks branched out from the foundation and up the stone walls. “Where is the half-human prisoner, called Sara?”
A small guard inched forward. “She was put into the human cell.”
This was not where Xanthus expected her to be. He’d expected her to be put into a cell by herself. When he thought of those who would be with her, he exploded in anger. “Take us there now!”
The guard flinched back. “Yes, of course.” As they rushed away, Xanthus heard the other guards flee the building. 
Triton and Xanthus raced through the maze of hallways into the more rough tunnels of a crumbling part of the prison. 
They approached an old, beat-up door. Xanthus was surprised to find no guard there.
“Where did the guard go?” The small guard asked, echoing Xanthus’s concern.
“Let me pass,” Triton demanded. The guard moved aside. Triton grabbed the door and ripped it off its hinges. As he passed through to the air pocket, his transformation from merman to human was smooth and flawless. Xanthus immediately followed along with his not-so-smooth conversion as he turned human.
“Well, hello there,” a deep, cheerful voice greeted them.
Xanthus looked around, afraid of what he might find. He had sent Slink and his pathetic sidekicks to this cell himself. He’d had no idea that Sara would have ever been put in here with them. He was sick with worry about what they might have done to her. But what he found was a cheerful human sitting amongst the three unconscious, bleeding forms of Sara’s old neighbors. Sara was nowhere to be found. 
“Where’s Sara?” Xanthus asked.
“The little Dagonian? Oh, she sang her way out of here.” 
“She what?” Xanthus was confused at the answer. 
“Do you know where she was headed?” Triton asked the human.
“She was going to save her husband.” 
Triton turned to Xanthus. “Where were you being held?”
“In the belly of the beast.”
“You Dagonians are so dramatic.” Triton shook his head. “Why is she calling you her husband?”
“I tried to marry her. She thinks we are married, but I found out the priest was not a true priest. I decided it was best for her not to know we aren’t actually married. She was ready to turn herself in to save me.”
“Your Dagonian laws are ridiculous. Why a man should have to pay for his wife’s crime is beyond me. Still, a daughter of mine was willing to make that kind of sacrifice? That is surprising.”
“Your daughter is an amazing woman.” 
“So, if you aren’t married, why were you imprisoned also?” 
“I killed about three dozen soldiers when they came to take her,” Xanthus said, unregretful.
“I would expect no less of any husband of my daughter.” 
Xanthus and Triton moved quickly through the tunnels. As they moved further in, darkness enveloped them. The stifling gloom and stench of rot increased as they neared the dungeon area that held the most heinous criminals. 
“They really must not have liked what you did to put you down here,” Triton remarked.
“You could say…” Xanthus heard a faint singing voice that brought him to a stop. It was beyond beautiful. It was the most amazing…
Triton lifted his trident; a beam of light shot out and struck Xanthus like a slap in the face. “What did you do that for?” Xanthus asked.
“I think it’s best, if you’re to be my daughter’s husband, that she not have that kind of power over you.” 
Triton and Xanthus once again rushed forward. As they neared, the sound of Sara’s voice became clearer. She really did have a lovely voice, but her lyrics and cadence left a lot to be desired. Xanthus gave that a fleeting thought as he hurried toward her. From what he heard, she seemed to be instructing a guard in song to keep looking for him.
They came around a corner and her tiny, frantic figure came into view. 
Triton gasped. “She looks just like her mother.” 



Sara’s frustration grew with every passing moment. Locating her husband had been much more difficult than she’d expected. Half of the effort she’d exerted in her search had been used to keep the guard on task. He hadn’t been able to keep his stupid, groping hands off her. She worked a few words of exasperation into her tune, as she once again slapped him away. 
With each passing moment, she’d grown more and more anxious until now, she was about to panic. A couple of times she’d stopped singing to call out to her husband, only to find the guard snapping out of his trance and making a grab for her. A few desperate screeches of a melody was all she needed to be safe again. 
“Moro Mou.” A familiar voice came from down the passageway. Sara turned and found Xanthus and another Dagonian swimming toward her.
“Xanthus,” she cried as she swam at him so fast that she nearly knocked the wind out of herself when they collided. His arms encircled her. His warm embrace had never felt so good. 
“I was so worried,” she said. “We’ve been through these cells three times, now. And I couldn’t find you. This guard insisted you were here. Well, I don’t know if insisted is the right word. He said it in his I’m-under-your-spell-and-will-do-your-bidding voice.”
Xanthus shook his head. “And here I thought I’d be the one saving you, Mou. But it looks like you’ve saved yourself. How could I have forgotten the siren’s song? So you hypnotized them with your voice?”
Sara nodded. “I guess you could say that. I just found out I could. It was cool at first, but now it’s just annoying. This Dagonian keeps touching me. But still, I was able to get out and find you. By the way, how did you get out of your cell?”
“Hello Sara.” The Dagonian stranger inched forward.
“Hold it right there.” The guard raised his spear. 
“Oh, not again,” she said and then opened her mouth wide to continue her stupid song.
The stranger lifted a trident and froze the guard on the spot. 
“I… uh…” Sara’s song ended in startled surprise. The guard’s statue-like form floated down to the floor. She turned to Xanthus and whispered, “Can all Dagonians do that?”
Xanthus smiled and shook his head.
Sara turned back to the stranger. He looked like any other Dagonian, maybe a bit larger and more muscular. About Xanthus’s size actually. But his eyes, they had the same blue luminescence as hers own! “Are you Triton?” she asked, suddenly timid.
Triton nodded. He looked unsure. 
“Are you my dad?” she asked, hopefully.
He gave a tentative smile. “Yes, I am.” 
 “Majesty,” Xanthus said, “may I suggest we take this reunion to a more appropriate place?”
Sara could hear the wailing of prisoners in the background. Xanthus was right. This was not the best place for a family reunion. Light blinded her for a moment and then her vision came into focus in the most beautiful seascape gardens she could have ever imagined. There were huge, colorful anemones, giant clams, coral the size of palm trees, hundreds of colorful fish, and towering sculptures all set in front of the most amazing castle she’d ever seen.
“Sara,” Triton said. “I don’t know what I can say or do to make up for not being there for you. Living as a mermaid amongst the humans must have been very difficult for you. I’m truly sorry.”
Sara shrugged. “You can’t help what you didn’t know. I don’t blame you for anything. Besides, I think I did all right.”
“You ended up in Panthon Prison.” Triton’s voice was thick with regret.
“I was there for a few hours.” She shrugged. “I’m just glad Xanthus found me. My husband is an amazing Dagonian, don’t you think?” 
Xanthus cleared his throat. “Well, actually, we’re not really married, Mou.” 
“What?” Sara asked.
“The priest was a fake.” Xanthus cocked one eyebrow and shrugged.
“He was? When did you find out?” 
Xanthus shrugged.
Sara’s eyes widened. “You knew all along, didn’t you? And just when were you going to let me know?” Sara pushed him away.
“Um, I just told you,” Xanthus said.
“You should have told me as soon as you found out. There was no reason that we both needed to end up in prison. Oh, that reminds me. Josh Talbot. We need to go back to the prison. He needs our help.”
“Who’s Josh Talbot?” Triton asked.
“He’s a human, a deep sea diver. He was in the cell with me. He protected me from Slink and his friends. It almost cost Josh his life. I hope he’s okay. I couldn’t figure out how to take him with me. And I couldn’t bring myself to have Slink and his friends drown themselves. I hope my rash decision didn’t end his life.”
“Don’t worry, Sara,” Triton said. “We saw him when we went to find you. He looked like he had things under control. And anyone that saves a daughter of mine will be well rewarded.
“Now, I think it’s time I hear who took you prisoner. I want names. I want details and don’t leave anything out.” Triton looked Sara in the eye.
“I’ll let Xanthus tell you. He knows more than I do. The situation was hard for me to understand since no one spoke English. I would like to know what was said, too.” Sara put her hands on her hips and fixed Xanthus with accusing eyes. He responded by pulling her into his arms. She didn’t resist. Instead, she wrapped her own arms around his waist and laid her head against his chest. 
Xanthus related the entire story to her father. Sara’s tightened her grip at the more shocking or horrendous accountings he told. He related to Triton every detail of what had happened. He even told Triton about his father’s epic hatred of the Mer and how, even now, he kept the body of a mermaid in his home. It was obvious why Xanthus had chosen not to tell his father about her true identity. In the end, he had laid all his family secrets out for the god to inspect. 
Her father’s response was surprisingly mild. “Very well, Xanthus. I can hear the anger and your wish for retribution in your voice. But I would rather you forget all that happened. Focus on taking care of my daughter and making her happy. I will see that all the guilty are punished and you’ll think no more on it.
“Furthermore, I know you have your heart set on convincing the humans of the error of their ways and cooling the feelings of hatred your Dagonians have for them. Although I think it’s an impossible task, I understand your desire. I also know that in order for you to accomplish your goal, you must mingle with your enemy and live among them for a time. I will grant you as much time as you feel you need. 
“I also know that you love my daughter and wish to marry her. Here’s where the conflict in me lies. I have a desire to get to know this daughter of mine and I don’t trust the human’s at all. They are a selfish and self-serving people. But I can also see the great love my daughter has for you and I doubt she’ll want to live apart from you. So here’s my compromise—I will allow her to return to the surface with you under certain conditions. First, that she is guarded at all times, either by you or by other soldiers you trust to keep her safe. My protection does not extend into my uncle Zeus’s domain, so you’ll have to take special precautions. Then she must take at least three months out of each year to visit me, so that we may get to know one another as father and daughter.”
“But…” Xanthus sounded like he was about to protest, but stopped himself.
Her father gave a knowing smile. “You may accompany her on her visits if you wish.” 
“Thank you, Sire.” 
“Um, Father… I was wondering. I mean, if I’m going to be on land for a while. Do you think you could…?” She paused, losing her nerve to ask for her greatest desire.
“Yes? What would you ask of me, daughter?” Triton looked confused at her hesitation.
“Sire,” Xanthus said, “I believe she would like to know if you could gift her with human legs.” 
Sara braced for his response. He couldn’t possibly say no, could he? Maybe there was more to it than waving a wand or casting a spell. Perhaps there were rules against giving a mermaid legs.
Triton didn’t answer. He simply slammed his trident against the sandy sea floor. The water around them drained as if someone had pulled a plug. As the water receded, Sara found herself on the beach of a beautiful tropical island. As the last of the water withdrew from around them, she could hear Xanthus growling in pain. Then a strange new sensation distracted her. When she realized what it was, she gasped, amazed beyond words. She looked down and found herself standing on legs.
Xanthus rushed over in a panic. “Sara, are you all right?” 
“Yes, I’m fine.” She beamed.
He grabbed her, horrified. “Are you sure? You’re not hurt?”
Sara shook her head. 
“You think I would cause my daughter pain?” Triton bellowed.
Xanthus turned toward her father. “But why do I have to…”
“Your type of change uses less of my power.” Triton shrugged. “Besides, you can handle it. In fact, I’m considering having you travel by Heitach and report to me monthly.”
Xanthus paled. 
Triton laughed. “That was a joke, Dagonian.” 
Xanthus breathed out a sigh of relief. 
Sara smiled as she pranced around, enjoying the sensation of the sand beneath her feet. Then she began to skip. It was all so amazing, a beautiful feeling. Her legs felt as if they’d always been a part of her. She could walk, run, skip.... She felt nimble, as if she could dance and twirl, maybe even cartwheel. She stopped herself before she tried that. She’d hate to break these new legs.
She turned to Xanthus, who was talking to her father. 
“She looks like she’s been on human feet her whole life,” Xanthus remarked, amazed. “I don’t understand—it took me months to learn to walk.” 
“Get used to it, Dagonian,” her father replied. “She’s my daughter. I’m willing to use more of my power on her than I would on you.” 
Sara sprinted to her father. She wrapped her arms around him and pressed her face into his wide chest. “Thank you, Dad.” Her heart swelled to near bursting.
Sara looked up to see the Guardian of the Sea with a tear in his eye when he responded. “You’re welcome, baby.”
Sara felt a sharp tingle trace along and around her cheekbone in some unseen design. “What was that?” She touched her fingertip along the path.
“It is my mark. To warn all who see it that you’re under my protection. No Dagonian or any other creature of the sea would dare harm you while you carry that mark. Just remember, it’s only seen in the water. On land you’re still vulnerable.”
Sara stepped away from her father’s embrace. 
“Now,” Triton said, “one more question before the evening falls. Do you want me to marry you both now or do you want to wait for a big wedding fit for the daughter of a sea king?”
“Well, I don’t know.” Sara turned and approached Xanthus. He reached out and took her hand. “Would it be better to wait until after—you know. When I’m not fertile?” Sara whispered the last word so that only Xanthus heard her. She could feel her face burn.
“We already did.” Xanthus smiled. “And I can’t tell you what a relief it is.”
“So what is your answer, daughter?” Triton raised an eyebrow.
She and Xanthus stepped into each other’s arms and answered in unison. “Now.”

Start Descending, book 2 in The Rising Series NOW!!! 



Triton should have dropped Gael and his father on a sand dune in the middle of the Sahara Desert, but Sara made him swear to her that he wouldn’t kill them. And even though technically, it would have been the heat and baking sun that killed them, Triton knew his daughter wouldn’t see it that way, so he did the next best thing. He turned them into humans and left them stark naked on the Kansas plains, surrounded by hundreds of miles of dry, golden wheat fields.
They deserved much worse, but a guilty conscience can make a god do things out of character. Actually, a guilty conscience was out of character for a god and lately, he seemed to have more than his ungodly share.
Triton’s heart clenched as he thought of the tragic story that was his life. He could no longer blame his father and the Dagonians, although he’d tried for over two thousand years. Now he acknowledged that any other god would have done the same thing his father had done if they had been so severely disrespected and humiliated. And the Dagonians… Well, they were just following orders. 
The destruction of his children had been his own fault. It had been his fault for not teaching them respect, for not giving them boundaries, for overindulging them. He’d seen how Sara had turned out—so selfless, humble, and kind. Under Nicole’s mothering, his daughter had flourished.
Triton fisted his fingers in his hair and crumpled into himself at the pain that was still there when he thought of Nicole. It had been twenty years, but he could still taste her on his lips, feel the shape of her body in his arms. She was the beauty that nearly crushed a god into oblivion—the most amazing, exquisite, and perfectly maddening woman he’d ever met. 
Triton had blamed Aphrodite for his lapse in judgment, but if it were her magic that had caused the torrid love affair, why was he still tormented by the memory of the human girl? The magic should have faded long ago. 
Regardless of where his feelings came from, he could no longer bury himself from the memory of them or the pain. Nicole was his daughter’s mother, the mother who had raised her. He could not continue to hide. He would have to confront her. 
He wished for a moment that he’d had the courage to ask Sara if her mother had found happiness with another man, but he couldn’t bear to ask. Some all-powerful god he was.
He had to see her. He had to see if she was happy, see if she had found love. He dared not hope she could ever learn to love him again, learn to trust him again. 
It took all the courage Triton could muster to flash himself to Nicole’s home. He took in the view of her bright, yellow house and his heart sped up double time. Before he lost his courage, he stepped up to her front door. He was terrified. He remembered every detail of the day he had left, the day she had shredded his heart with her pleas that he not leave. 
Now that he was back, what kind of welcome would he receive? A loving one would be too much to ask. An angry reception would be what he deserved. A dispassionately civil one would be too much to bear. 
By the gods, he was over-analyzing this. With his heart pulsing under his ribs and his chest trembling with nervousness, he raised his fist and rapped on the door. 





I'm a mom who writes books in her spare time: translation--I hide in the bathroom with my laptop and lock the door while the kids destroy the house and smear peanut butter on the walls. ;) I was born in Utah but lived in Salina, Kansas until I was 13 and in Garland, Texas until I was 18. I'm now back in Utah–"happy valley". I'm married to a wonderful husband, James, and we are currently raising 6 rambunctious children. My interests are reading, writing (of course), martial arts, visual arts, and spending time with family.






Serendipity (noun): \ˌser-ən-ˈdi-pə-tē\ 
Luck that takes the form of finding valuable or 
pleasant things that are not looked for.

They found each other by pure serendipity.




Beginning of Junior Year—Wisconsin 

I leaned against a boulder where the dim light of the fire licked at my feet and cast long shadows on the shore. The sound of waves hitting the rocks almost drown out the drunken conversations and squeals of teenage girls when boys picked them up and trudged into the icy waters of Lake Michigan, soaking them both. Almost. Not enough. 
This was the one place I could relax. Calm myself after a particular shitty week. I’d lay on the sand and look at the never-ending black wall of sky and the stars sprinkled over it, while the rhythm of the waves lapped against the shore. But there’d be no relaxing that night.
They weren’t supposed to be there. They usually partied down at Nolan’s, with his beachfront property, eternity pool, Jet Skis, two speed boats, and all the liquor they could suck down. I wondered why his parents never missed the booze. Maybe they were too sloshed from their own partying. Maybe they just didn’t care. Sad thought either way.
Pushing off the boulder, with one last glance at the party I wasn’t invited to, I started to my car. I hesitated when I thought I heard my name. When I heard it a second time, I turned. Peyton hurried after me, a plastic cocktail glass in one hand and her sandals dangling from the other.
“Brody!” She smiled her megawatt, over-bleached, perfectly straight-toothed smile. She was pretty. Some guys even thought she was hot. I guess I could see it. But I felt nothing. Nada. Zip. Zilch. “I didn’t think you heard me. I called you a few times before you turned.”
“Hi, Peyton.” I nodded my head toward her sandals. “You really should wear those. The beach is full of debris.”
She giggled and shrugged. “They make walking in the sand so much harder. But they look killer when I’m standing around the bonfire. Hey, you’re not leaving, are you? I didn’t even get to see you.”
I tilted my head to the side and tried to remember the last time she talked to me at school, but I couldn’t. She ran in a different social circle than I did. “What do you want, Peyton? We don’t talk at school. What’s so important that you want to now?”
She put her cocktail down on a tree stump and ran her fingertips along my forearm. “Well, um, it’s not like I don’t want to talk to you. You’re just not very… approachable at school. You’re a little closed off.” She gave me a small, shy smile and looked at me through her long, mascara-coated lashes. I wondered if she practiced that look in the mirror to get it just right to lure unsuspecting guys… Come to my web, said the spider to the fly.
“I hardly see you. Sometimes, you show up at a football game. But usually, I only see you in class.” She smiled and winked at me. “You don’t think you’re better than us do you, Brody Victor?” she teased in a singsong voice.
“Ah.” I nodded and took a step back to break the contact with her fingers. “It’s not like that. My family moves around a lot and, sometimes, it’s better not to get too attached to any one place, you know?”
She bounced on her feet and gave me a wide smile. Yeah, she definitely practiced those in front of a mirror. “Good. Let’s go talk for a while by the lake.”
Damn it. It’s not like I said I wanted to stay and talk to you.
“Um,” I sighed, “let me throw my stuff in my car.”
We sat together on the rocks lining the shore. The waves sprayed us with a fine mist when they rolled in. For a long while, we sat silent and looked at the autumn moon hanging over the black, glassy lake. 
Peyton reached over and threaded her fingers through the ends of my hair. “Is there anyone at school you’re interested in?” Her soft voice was barely audible over the noise of the water and the beach party that had slowly grown more out of control.
Oh, holy hell. I don’t know what’s going on, but it sure isn’t going to be that.
I turned to face her, my gaze finding hers. “No.”
She scooted closer to me, until the length of our bodies were pressed together. Her hand travelled from my neck, across my shoulder, down my arm, until it reached my inner thigh. “Is there anything I can do to change that?” she whispered in my ear.
Pulling back, with my gaze locked on hers—I didn’t want there to be any misunderstanding—I said, “Absolutely not.” 
She nearly bounced to the rock beside me and grinned widely. “Good! That’s what I hoped you’d say. You’re perfect. Just what we need.”
What is this girl snorting?
“Need for what?” I picked up a stone and skimmed it across the water. The lake was too dark to see how many jumps I got off it.
“Nolan and I, and some others,” she flicked her hand over her shoulder, “have a bet. You know Annabelle Price? The girl in the library who wears the horrible glasses?”
“Yeah, I know her.” I waved my hand in the air for her to continue.
“Anyway, we need you to ask her out on a date. That’s all.” Peyton shoved some of her dark blonde waves back into the bun thing she had on top of her head.
“Hmm.” Picking up another stone, I weighed it in my hand before I threw it across the water. “Somehow, I don’t think taking her on a date is all I’ll be doing.”
“Well, mostly. You just have to pick her up, take her to a movie, and then out to dinner. We’ll pay you two hundred dollars and all expenses of the date, of course.”
“And what’s in it for you? What’s the bet, Peyton?”
She waved me off with a flick of her wrist. “You don’t need to know the details of the bet.” She tapped her polished fingernail against her teeth before smoothing out her shorts and taking a breath. “There is one other small thing you need to do. When you get to the restaurant, order the biggest, most expensive lobster. When the meals are served, excuse yourself to use the restroom. And leave the restaurant. That’s it.” Giggling, she shrugged, as if it were all a big game. I guess to her it was.
I stared at her, my mouth open. The stone I held slipped from my fingers. I couldn’t believe what they were planning. Worse, I couldn’t believe they thought I’d go along with it.
“You want me to strand her at the restaurant? What if she can’t pay?”
Peyton smirked and twirled a piece of hair around her finger. “Well, that really isn’t my problem, is it?”
I didn’t acknowledge her. Instead, I stood, walked to my car, slipped in the driver’s seat, and drove away.





Wednesday. It’d been four days since Peyton’s announcement of her and Nolan’s bet, and that had been all I’d thought about. Not that I was going to do it. No way in hell. 
But I was thinking about a date. A real date with Annabelle. And that was why I walked to the library between sixth and seventh periods. I wanted to talk to Annabelle before her seventh-period library elective.
Getting there before she did, I leaned against the wall next to the library doors to wait. I saw her as soon as she turned into the hall from the science wing. She wore some kind of black skirt that was so long it almost touched the floor and was so tight that she walked like a Geisha. Her top was yellow and had big, flouncy ruffles on every conceivable inch. She wore turquoise, horned-rimmed glasses, complete with rhinestones, and turquoise heels that looked more like torture devices than shoes. If Peyton and her circle of friends had been there, I was sure they’d have rolled on the floor laughing. 
Call me weird, but I liked it. An involuntary grin pulled at my lips.
When Annabelle reached the library doors, I stepped in front of her. She was looking down at a book and only gave me a cursory glance. “Excuse me, please.”
She sidestepped to the other door. I moved in front of her. She sighed and her hand fell, the book slapping against her thigh. “Brody Victor. What do you want?”
Huh. She knows who I am.
“Annabelle Price. I’d like to ask you a question.” She lifted an eyebrow at me, and I pressed on. “Would you please go out to dinner and a movie with me Friday?”
“No.” She tried to push past me. “Would you move? I have class and don’t want to be late.”
I scratched my eyebrow with my thumb and inhaled through my teeth. “Well, that’s going to be a problem. See, I’m not moving until I get the answer I want. And ‘no’ isn’t it.”
She sighed and her warm, chocolate gaze caught mine. “And do you always get what you want?”
“No. But I hope this is one time I do. Friday at six? Please?”
“Fine.” Smiling, I stepped out of her way. She pushed through the door and was halfway inside the library when she stopped and looked over her shoulder. “Do you need directions to my house?”
“No. I’m good. See you Friday.”
I turned and walked toward my class, not looking back. But she watched me. I could feel it. And I liked it. Yeah. I liked it a lot. Because, damn, I really wanted to look back at her.
****
Friday. I rang Annabelle’s doorbell at precisely six o’clock. The door opened, and my mouth went dry. Like I swallowed the Sahara Desert dry. A man stood in the doorway. A huge man. He must have topped six-five compared to my six-two. Around the sides of his head, he was graying, but on top, his hair was jet black, the same as Annabelle’s. And he was big. Like, the Incredible Hulk big. 
“Brody Victor?” He sounded like a military general.
I swallowed hard. “Yes, sir.”
“Annabelle’s curfew is ten o’clock. Do you have a problem with that?” He leaned over me.
“No, sir. I do not.” I felt like I should salute… or drop and give him twenty.
“You listen to me, boy, and you listen good.” He pointed a thick, calloused finger at my face, and my heart tried to beat out of my chest and run screaming down the street. “If this is some kind of game you’re playing, if you’re planning on hurting my daughter, I will hunt you down. Is that understood?”
I nodded and licked my lips. “Sir, it’s not a game. I like your daughter very much.”
He stood to his full height, which was freakin’ tall, and squared his shoulders. With one last grunt, he moved from the door and was replaced with the most beautiful vision I’d ever seen.
Annabelle stood in front of me. Her long, black ringlets, which she usually wore up, framed her face and tumbled down her back. She had some kind of pink shirt on and a thin, pink sweater over it. I didn’t know anything about girl clothes, but whatever the hell it was, she looked amazing. Her jeans were fitted, not like the oversized clothes she wore to school. They showed off her tiny waist and, when she turned to get her purse, they framed her…
Think of the father! Think of the father! If he knew you were looking at her ass, he’d snap you in two. Oh, I just thought of her ass. Think of grandmas. White, wrinkly grandma asses. Don’t want to look at those. Yeah. I got this.
I held my hand out to help her down the walk and to my car. Opening the passenger door for her, I held it while she got in, before jogging around and sliding into the driver’s seat.
“So, where to?” I glanced at her and smiled.
“I thought you’d have everything planned out.” She watched as she wrapped her purse strap around her fingers in her lap.
“Annabelle?” She looked up and pulled her bottom lip between her teeth. It was just a little too thin to be called beautiful, but their light pink color combined with the natural curve of a Mona Lisa smile made it uniquely beautiful to me. And I was watching her teeth worry it, wishing they were my teeth. I wanted to know what her lips tasted like…
The father! The father, dude. Remember the freakin-hulk-commando father. Get your mind off her lips and her ass.
“I think I remember telling you it was lady’s choice.” I rubbed my hands up and down my thighs.
“Oh, but won’t that interfere…? I mean, never mind.” She turned her face from me.
I glanced at the house. When I didn’t see anyone spying out the window, or sniping in the bushes, I brushed her hair away from her face so I could see her. “That would what?”
She shook her head and turned to me with a bright smile. It was forced. Annabelle had an easy smile. This one was stiff. “Um, what if you pick the restaurant and I pick the movie?”
I turned the key in the ignition and watched her. “If you want. Do you like seafood?”
Her face paled and she swallowed hard, but gave me a small nod.
I ran my hand around the steering wheel. “Um, that doesn’t look like a face that likes seafood. Okay, Italian?”
Her eyebrows furrowed, and she tilted her head. “I love Italian.”
“Good. I know this great little place called The Pasta Kitchen. It doesn’t look like much on the outside. In fact, I’ll warn you, it looks like a dump. But it’s super clean on the inside and the food is awesome, especially the calzones.” 
She let out a breath, and the tension slowly eased. We spent dinner talking about everything. Anything. And I didn’t want to stop. At some point, she let me hold her hand. I felt like I was twelve again and just had my first kiss with Tracey Mulroney. Annabelle was awesome, and the night ended way too soon.
****
I got out of the car and jogged around to open the door for her. She gave me a small smile, but she wouldn’t make eye contact. 
“I had a nice time tonight.” I ducked my head to see her face.
“I did too,” she whispered. “Thank you.” Her gaze darted to mine before falling to the ground.
We climbed the stairs of her porch and stood in front of the door. She immediately reached for the door handle. My hand encircled her wrist and pulled her gently toward me.
“Wait. I wanted to ask you something before you went inside. Will you go out with me again? Maybe next weekend?”
She shook her head before I’d even stopped speaking. When she raised her head and her eyes meet mine, tears balanced on her long lashes. 
“I know about the bet, Brody. You don’t have to pretend anymore. Next weekend just happens to be Homecoming. You’re asking me out but, at the last minute, you’ll call with some lame excuse and cancel. Or maybe you won’t cancel at all. You’ll just stand me up, and I’ll find out later that you went with someone else.” She sniffed and straightened her shoulders. “It’s fine. I only went out with you tonight because I wanted to know what it felt like to date someone like you. To have other girls jealous of me for once. But I knew it wasn’t real.” She shrugged her shoulder and turned to the door. 
“Annabelle, look at me.” I turned her gently by her shoulders. “Tonight had nothing to do with a bet. I went out with you because I wanted to, not because of some damn bet. I’m here. On a real date. With you. Do you understand?”
“Yes. But, I’m—”
“Beautiful, smart, funny, and someone I like spending time with. And I’d like to kiss you, so if it’s not all right, tell me now. 
“But I’ve never…” she whispered. Her cheeks turned a beautiful shade of pink, and she dropped her head, fiddling with the zipper on my jacket.
I cupped the side of her face with my hand, my thumb under her chin, guiding her face up to mine. “Annabelle, look at me,” I murmured, tilting her head with my thumb. “Just relax.” 
I grazed my lips across hers. Barely a touch, but enough to make her suck in a breath. The next kiss was a little harder, longer. Annabelle sighed, wrapping her hand around my bicep, and I nearly came undone. 
I wanted to grab her, squeeze her tightly against me, and kiss her deeply until neither of us could see straight. Until she couldn’t remember her name. A kiss to judge all kisses against and find them lacking. But I didn’t. She was shy and nervous. So I covered her mouth with mine, sweeping my tongue over the seam of her lips. She hesitated before opening just a crack. I outlined her lips with my tongue, and her grip on my arm was so tight I knew I’d have marks the next day.
I lifted my head and took a small step back. “So? Will you?”
She gazed at me with a befuddled look. “Will I what?”
I grinned, because, let’s be honest, every guy wanted to kiss a girl senseless. “Go to Homecoming with me?” 
Nodding, she opened the door. She was halfway in the house when she looked over her shoulder and smiled a genuine, happy smile. And it did something to my insides. As a guy, I wasn’t supposed to feel all that girly shit. But something fluttered, or flittered, or whatever. And I smiled back when she said, “Yes, I’ll go to Homecoming with you. Thank you for tonight. It was wonderful.”
I waited until she was safely inside, and I heard the lock click into place before I jogged to my car—with the damn girly, fluttery, flippy stuff still in my chest.
****
I picked Annabelle up for the Homecoming dance the next Friday. She looked amazing in a soft blue, backless dress, with her hair down again. And when we walked into the dance, more than one guy looked twice when she walked by.
 “Are you wearing contacts?” I asked her.
Her cheeks pinked, and she gave me a small smile. “No, I don’t really need glasses. I just find old frames and put clear lenses in them because I like wearing them.”
I tilted my head. “Huh. Well, I like your vintage glasses. But I think I might like you better without.”
“Really? Why?” She peered up at me.
I cupped her chin and tilted her head so our mouths aligned. “Because they won’t get in the way when I do this.”
Lowering my lips to hers, I kissed her as we swayed to the music.
We danced every slow dance. It felt right holding her. She was soft, smelled good, and I never wanted to let her go.
After Homecoming, Annabelle and I were always together. 
My mom had promised Wisconsin was our last move. That we’d make a real home there. With real friends. So instead of staying an indifferent loner, I opened up and let Annabelle inside.
****
“Brody, I need to talk to you.” My mom sat at the breakfast bar. Papers strewn in front of her, she scribbled on a notepad as her fingers furiously flew over a calculator.
“Can’t it wait? Annabelle and I are going to catch a movie.” I grabbed two Cokes from the fridge.
One thing about my girl’s humongous purses, we can sneak all kinds of snacks and pops into the movie.
Her fingers stilled on the calculator, and she let her pencil drop onto the notepad. “No, I think we need to talk now.” 
I knew the look. Leaning back against the refrigerator, I shook my head. My mouth moved, but nothing came out. I stretched my arm toward the living room where Annabelle waited for me.
“I know.” My mom rubbed her temples with her fingertips. “I’m sorry. I thought this would be the last time.”
I turned my back to her and walked the length of the room. “When will there be a last time, Mom?”
“This will be the last move, honey, I swear. I couldn’t turn down the promotion. And the contract is for ten years. Ten years locked into one place. They can’t move us again.”
“We were supposed to stay here! I let myself make friends. Annabelle! I wouldn’t have done that if I’d thought we’d move again. If you hadn’t told me we were staying.” I threw one of the cans across the room. It hit the wall, and the flip-top gave way. Coke spurted and fizzed onto the cabinets and floor.
My mom frowned at the pop spraying across the kitchen before narrowing her eyes at me. She took a breath and continued, her tone harsher than it had been. “It’s the right move. I’ll still have to travel, but home base will stay the same. And it’s in Middleton. You’ll have Aunt Bess around when I’m not there. She can’t wait to see you again. I wouldn’t have taken the job if I didn’t think it would give us a little more permanency. This is going to be a good move for us, Brody.” She reached for me.
I batted her hand away and walked by. “Whatever.”
I stood in the doorway of the living room for a few seconds, trying to get up the nerve to go in. To tell Annabelle. I’d told dozens of friends over the years that I was moving, but none were as hard as her. 
I didn’t know if I loved her or not. But we had a strong connection—no one could deny that. Whatever it was, I felt it rip me apart. Piece by piece, I felt it break inside me, like a tendon snapping. It suffocated me. 
Damn, I was going to miss her.
“Um, Annabelle—” Her back was to me. I ran my fingertips down the back of her arm. “I need to talk to you.” My voice was thick, and I cussed under my breath. 
I’m a guy. Guys don’t cry.
She turned and smiled. It was supposed to be the most beautiful curve on a woman’s body. The smile. I couldn’t say her smile that night lived up to that standard. It was small. Weak. And sad. So sad. “It’s okay. I heard. I always knew we had an expiration date, Brody.”
“I… I… damn it!”
“Shh.” Annabelle ran her fingers through my hair, and I buried my face in the curve of her neck. “You gave me the best three months of my life. I’ll never forget them. Or you.” I lifted my head and saw tears fill her eyes and drip to her cheeks.
“Please don’t cry. I’m not worth one of your tears, Annabelle.” I kissed them away, until there were too many for me to catch.
“Can’t you see? These are happy tears as much as they are sad. Brody, you gave me a gift. You showed me that it’s okay to be me. That there’s someone out there that’s going to love me for who I am. Quirky glasses, weird clothes, and all. I don’t have to change. To conform. You’re the first person to care enough about me to tell me I’m good enough just how I am.”
She bowed her head. Tears dripped to the hardwood floor like mini raindrops. Threading my hands through her black ringlets, I brought her face to mine. I wanted to kiss her with all the emotions boiling inside me. Frustration. Anger. Loss of control. All of it just under my skin, burning me from the inside out.
But when my lips touched hers, it was as if she were a balm to my soul. A calmness washed over me, and it was just Annabelle and me. There was nothing else. None of it mattered except those last precious seconds with her in my arms.
When she pulled back, she ran her hand down the side of my face. “Goodbye, Brody.” And then she was gone.
I never saw Annabelle again.




Beginning of Senior Year—Michigan 

Sitting on the bleachers, I watched my new school’s football team trounce some other school.
I took a sip of my pop. “They’re pretty good,” I said, tipping my cup toward the field.
“Yeah. Undefeated for… oh, I can’t remember how many years, but a few,” the guy sitting next to me said. I didn’t know him. He just happened to sit down next to me, and we started talking. His name was John, but everyone called him Jo-Jo.
Manny sat on the other side of me. He seemed pretty cool, but he was with his girl so he didn’t get to talk much. But when the ref made a bogus call or our team made an excellent play, he’d lean over to say something. He talked so fast that he reminded me of a used-car salesman.
I wasn’t really watching the game. It was a blow out anyway. All that was left was for the clock to run out.
I caught sight of her climbing the bleachers after a snack run—she held the biggest blob of pink cotton candy I’d ever seen. She stopped three levels down from where I sat. One of her friends shook her head and said something, and the girl laughed. I had the crazy need to jump down the bleachers so I could hear it. 
She was pretty, from what I could see. Very pretty. Dark hair, just past her shoulders. Small. Not just thin, but small. The kind of girl you wanted to fold in your arms and protect from the world.
I shook my head and looked away.
What the hell am I thinking? The last thing I need is a girl.
But my eyes had minds of their own, and my gaze wandered back to her. She sat with another girl and a guy, but body language said they were just friends. She didn’t watch the game. Her body was angled toward her friends—toward me. 
I could see her face as she talked and laughed. And before I realized it, I was watching her more than the last few plays of the game. The way her lips lifted when she smiled. How her hands fluttered when she talked, faster when she was excited. The way her tongue darted out to lick a piece of cotton candy off her finger.
Running my hands through my hair, I let out a frustrated breath through my teeth. I squeezed my eyes closed, telling myself over and over I didn’t need a girl. Didn’t want one. But as soon as I raised my head, my gaze was drawn to her.
“Hey, Jo-Jo? Who’s that girl?” I jutted my chin in her direction.
“Who?” Jo-Jo looked in her direction and snorted a laugh, shaking his head. “Oh, man. She’s trouble is who she is. That’s Willow. She’s about the nicest person I know, but she has one big flaw. And it’s huge. She dates Jaden Smith.”
“Who’s he?” I chewed on the straw of my drink.
Jo-Jo smiled pointing to the field. “You’re looking at him. Captain of the football team and major douche. He treats her like shit on a shoe, man. He doesn’t deserve to breathe the same air she does.”
Manny leaned over and looked at me. “Trust me, Brody. That’s one chica you need to stay far away from. She’s beautiful, smart, and nice, but she is totally, completely off-limits. End of story.” Manny’s girlfriend tried to pull him back, and he brushed her off. “Jaden don’t play around when it comes to Willow. A guy can barely look at her, and he goes spastic. Stay away, man. Far away.”
I rubbed my hand over the back of my head and glanced at the girl, at Willow. “Why does she stay with him if he’s such an ass?”
“Pssh, she’s tried to break up with him. He made her life a living hell. Followed her everywhere. Not just at school either. He’d show up at the mall. The movies. Anywhere she went, he’d show up.” Manny chewed on a hangnail, looked down at Willow, and shook his head. 
Jo-Jo shoved popcorn in his mouth and talked around it. “He’d threaten any guy that asked her out, too. She was a pariah.” 
Manny stopped chewing on his thumb. “Pariah? Dude, did you get that word-a-day toilet paper?” 
“Yeah, what about it?” Jo-Jo stuffed more popcorn in his mouth.
“That’s not even the right word, dumbass,” Manny waved Jo-Jo off.
“Yes, it is. It means…”
“I think you were wiping your butt and got your words back-ass-wards…”
Manny and Jo-Jo talked over each other, arguing over the definition of pariah, while I stared at Willow. She was smiling at something someone said, but there was something in her eyes, something out of place.
I’m such an idiot. I can’t even see her eyes. I need to back up and walk away. She has issues, and I don’t need the trouble.
****
When the game ended, I found Willow and watched her from a distance, but not so far that I couldn’t hear her talking. Laughing. Yeah, it was stalkerish and, no, I didn’t know what the hell I was doing. 
She wasn’t even my type. Or so I tried to tell myself. But I knew that was crap. I didn’t have a ‘type.’ Annabelle was the first real girlfriend I’d had. I picked up a cheerleader at Stanton High right after we moved from Wisconsin to Michigan. That relationship crashed and burned like a second freakin’ Chernobyl. Colossal failure. 
I jumped to a rebound girl a week later. Not my smartest move. The second break-up was worse than the first—freakin’ Tambora Volcano eruption. I walked away with an instant reputation—the kind no guy wants. But, whatever. I transferred to Cassidy High and vowed to stay away from girls until after graduation. Yeah, that lasted all of ten seconds before I was already stalking one.
Smooth, Victor. 
She was even prettier close up. Her skin looked smooth, luminous. I wanted to run my fingers along her jaw and bury them in her glossy, dark hair.
Willow talked and joked with everyone. It didn’t seem to matter what circle or clique they belonged to, she treated them the same. And she seemed genuine. But with every smile, there was something in her eyes. Or rather, something missing. A small part of her that didn’t light up. Something clouded it. A sadness. A hurt. A hollowness. 
And even though I should’ve walked away, I knew I was going to find out what lingered behind Willow’s eyes.
Running my fingers through my hair, I took a step toward her. I had no flippin’ clue what I was going to say, but my need to talk to her was overwhelming.
A guy in a football uniform beat me to her. 
Ah. The loving boyfriend.
They talked briefly. I watched but couldn’t hear what they said. Moving closer, I heard him order Willow to wait for him in the car. Then he turned and started toward the school, but stopped abruptly, grabbing a kid by the arm.
He gave the guy a shake and bellowed in a deep baritone, “Do you have money?” 
“Ye-yeah,” he answered.
“Good, buy her a Coke.” He shoved him toward Willow. The kid stumbled, on his way to a face-plant in the mud, when Willow rushed forward and helped steady him.
She glared at the boyfriend’s back. And if looks could kill, he’d be dead twice over. 
“Are you okay?” she asked the guy. Her voice was soft, melodic. It pulled me to her. 
“Yeah. Here.” He shoved two wadded-up bills at her.
She pushed his money away. “No, no, you don’t have to buy me anything to drink. Don’t listen to him.” 
“Ha! Yes, I do. I don’t want him handing me my ass.” The boy’s eyes wide. He shoved the money at her before turning and jogging away. 
The money fluttered to the ground and, with a sigh, Willow knelt to pick it up. I put the toe of my boot on the bills just as she reached for them. She jerked her hand away and peered up at me. 
Hazel. Almost green. They were almond shaped and big, expressive. The most beautiful eyes I’d seen and they looked at me with a combination of confusion and irritation. 
I squatted next to her. “Yours?” I asked.
“No… I mean, not really…” She looked around and sighed. “Yeah, I guess.” 
I tried not to grin, but I could feel my lips twitch. She was adorable. “Well, I’m glad we cleared that up.” I picked the money out of the mud and wiped it across the leg of my jeans. “There you go.” I held it out to her. She gave me a small smile and took the bills. The very tips of her fingers brushed against mine.
“Thanks. I’m Willow.”
“Brody. See you around, Willow.” 
Right then, I knew that Willow was someone I wanted to know. I wanted to be the one to make her laugh. Listen to her soft voice. I wanted to know the taste of her full lips. Feel her hair against my skin. Smell her scent. And I wanted to know what was hiding behind her eyes.
Most importantly, I wanted to know who gave her the bruises I saw just above the neckline of her T-shirt.
And then I would hurt them.




Unspeakable, by: Michelle K. Pickett available February 10th, 2015 on all platforms.  Order your copy today!


Promotional Chapters


The Queen of Someday

By Sherry D. Ficklin


Dedication:
For all you hardworking history teachers who want to hit me with a book after reading this. The line forms here. No pushing. Everyone will get a turn.


Prologue

And then he does the most dangerous, reckless thing he ever could have done. 
He kisses me.
The moment our lips touch, the last fraying strands of my self-control snap and I reach up, clasping my hands behind his neck and pulling him against me. There’s no reason, no judgment—only gentle waves of relief. I’m lost in the ocean of his embrace, drowning in him. I could live a hundred lifetimes inside his kiss, and it would never be enough. One single thought surfaces through the tide of emotions.
“Of the entire universe, I only wanted you,” I whisper the words against his lips, a solemn pledge.
His hands slide up my back and into my hair, working it loose with his fingers until it falls in brown waves across my shoulders. I sigh against his mouth and he responds by pulling away just a bit, laying a kiss on the tip of my nose, my forehead, and beside my eye, before returning to my lips.
“You have ruined me,” he whispers against my mouth, his voice thick with desire.


Chapter 1

The sled is cramped; my legs and back ache in protest as we cut through the deep snow. I pull back the heavy damask curtain covering the small window. Outside the landscape is barren and desolate. Nothing but stark white snow for miles, interrupted by the occasional leafless tree. Though the horses race forward across the plain as fast as they are able, the trek has been long and the snow deep so they snort with exertion. We’d had to abandon our more spacious carriage in Livonia and continue the rest of the way in this small sled. Across from me, my mother carefully stitches on her small linen even as each bump threatens to destroy the colorful tapestry she’s creating. She hasn’t spoken to me in two days, not since I’d finally grown weary of her constant chatter about how different and lavish life would be at a real court and reprimanded her harshly. 
I sigh deeply. Perhaps the rolling hills of Anhault-Zerbst are not as grand as the palaces of Berlin, where she grew up in the home of our wealthiest aunt, but it was my father’s land and my only home. Never have I missed it more than I do on this journey, the dangerous trek through the depths of Russia in the coldest months of winter. I have acquired a constant shiver and my toes and fingers never seem to thaw. Still, it was only Mother’s callous remarks about my father that had provoked me to speak rudely to her, and she is making me pay for it now, making the already cold interior of the carriage seem absolutely frigid with her indifference.
Letting the heavy damask curtain fall back into place, I sit back, stretching beneath the thick, fur blanket heaped over my legs. Closing my eyes, I rest against the seat, and I can almost feel the warm summer sun on my face. Days of running through the field with my darling little brother and sister, as we chased down chickens that had escaped the coop, float through my mind like soap bubbles. I remember sitting on the edge of the creek for hours, slipping off my shoes, letting my toes soak in the water. And sometimes Gretchen, my good friend, would come and bring flowers to weave into my dark hair or a flask of wine from her father’s stock for us to drink until our heads were light as a feather. It never mattered much to me that she was the daughter of the local innkeeper and I was the daughter of the prince. We were innocent of such things, much to my mother’s chagrin. I can’t help but smile at the memories. As they come, I try to hold them close, weaving them around me like the fragile threads under my mother’s fingers. 
Such happier times, though not so long ago, seem to me now as if they occurred in another lifetime. 
Everything changed when I turned fourteen. Though still a girl by any accounts, Mother was desperate to see me wed. I didn’t learn until much later of our family’s dire financial situation, or that Father was in danger of forfeiting his family properties. 
She had first tried to wed me to young Peter, then heir to the Swiss throne. But when he abdicated to move to Russia with his aunt, all hope of that union seemed lost. Mother had been forced to offer me to my uncle, an old man with missing teeth and thin, white hair. He’d come for a visit that summer and while I had thought it an innocent visit, his intentions toward me became painfully obvious. I can still remember the stench of brandy and tobacco on his breath as he’d cornered me one evening and forced a kiss upon me. 
It had taken all my will not to retch on his golden slippers.
I cried into my pillow all night when Mother told me he asked for my hand in marriage. I screamed, raged, and begged— something that did not bode well in her eyes. When the letter arrived from Empress Elizabeth of Russia, we had both been deeply relieved to say the least. I cling to that feeling now, as we trek across the tundra, snow falling all around us.  
Finally, after what feels like hours, I sit forward. I’m so desperate for conversation that I ask the only question that I think might appeal to my stoic mother.
“Mother, tell me, how long do you think we are to remain at the Winter Palace?”
Her eyes flicker up to me, sparkling. She is beautiful, for all her flaws of character. Her hair is brown like mine, and perfectly smooth. Her skin is a pale crème like fresh milk, and her eyes are wide and dark blue like a storm at sea. There is absolutely nothing that makes her happier than planning what, in her mind, will be a fine royal union, and that happiness makes her even lovelier. As she answers, I would swear she is actually glowing.
“If I have my way, you will never step foot on Prussian soil again,” she answers confidently. “Empress Consort,” she muses wistfully, “just as I should have been.”
I wish I could share her enthusiasm. Gretchen’s warm smile and twinkling laugh invade my thoughts once more, and I have to force them away. It won’t do to dwell on those childhood memories now. Not when my mother has made my options very clear.
“It’s not an engagement,” I say softly. “Not officially.”
Empress Elizabeth’s letter had been vague at best. A simple invitation for my mother and me to join her at Russian Court. There was not even a hint of what my mother longed for so desperately—a marriage between myself and Peter, once heir to Sweden and now the future King of Russia. Still, Mother packed us up immediately and we made for St. Petersburg even through the blistering winter, hoping to make our arrival by Peter’s sixteenth birthday. 
“Not yet, perhaps. But the empress favors our family—my family, that is—and she knows the best way to secure her throne is by securing her bloodline. And for that, she needs not only Peter as heir, but for Peter himself to have an heir. And for that, she will need you.”
Or another princess. I don’t say the words, but they buzz in my head like honeybees. The prince’s birthday celebration is sure to be filled with eligible ladies from every corner of the kingdom, each vying for a place beside him. I myself have met Peter only once, when we were ten years old. He was bratty and insufferable as all boys are, but even at that age, he had subtle nobility about him, a tilt of the chin, and a confidence in his gait that only royals possess. 
Deep in the back of my mind, I couldn’t help but wonder what sort of man Peter had become. Is he kind? Handsome? Strong? Wise? In my mind, I allow a vague image of him to form. Surely, he would be handsome, as were the other men in his family. And even in the remote area of my home, word of his skill in the hunt and his predilection for archery were well known. Certainly, he will be a good husband and a fair and just king. 
While I daydream, Mother begins to drone on about the lavish balls that we will attend, and the frivolous and silly-sounding customs I will be expected to learn to fit in at Royal Court. I lay my head back gently as she speaks, the sound of her voice soothing after such a long silence. The sled bucks and I fly forward into her lap, spilling the contents of her sewing basket. 
“What in the world?” she demands as I right myself. “Why have we stopped?”
I draw back the curtain and our escort, General Pitankin, rides past the window, his chestnut mare jerking the reins skittishly.
“Stay inside,” he commands.
My mother grabs a dainty, blue fan from the seat beside her and begins fanning herself despite the cold.
“I’m sure it’s just beggars. I believe these woods are filled with them,” she offers as if to console me. 
Outside, the general yells something in Russian. I curse myself mentally. If only I had thought to learn Russian along with French and German, I wouldn’t feel quite so foreign now. Still, if Mother is successful in her ambitions, I will learn the language soon enough.
There are sounds of a scuffle, and the unmistakable ring of a steel blade being drawn from its sheath. The sled rocks sideways as someone knocks into it. Mother lets out a startled squeal. I lean forward, peeking out the curtain, and see the general and another of our guards on the ground, unmoving. Quickly, I lift the hem of my brown, wool gown and slip a knife from my boot. Mother opens her mouth, I’m sure to chastise me for such an unladylike thing as having a knife hidden on my person, but I silence her with a finger to my lips. While my mother had been determined to groom me to be a proper lady, my father was content to let me join him in hunting, fencing, and even knife throwing. The small blade in my hand is one of many he’s gifted me over the years, and the hilt is warm and comforting in my palm.
The sled rocks again, and I hear the stomp of boots as the thieves begin pulling our trunks from the back. They won’t find any riches, only recently altered dresses and sturdy undergarments we’ve brought with us. Any jewels Mother might have brought are most likely hidden down the front of her corset—and there would be few of those at that. Despite being the ruler of our province, my father has no kingly riches. Our wealth lies in our title alone—a fact Mother never allows him to forget. 
Soon, they are muttering in disappointed tones. I know they will come for us next; there is nothing left for them now but to amuse themselves with us. Nodding to Mother, who looks like she’s about to faint, I quietly slip out of the opposite side of the sled and slink around its wooden bow, knife in hand. Snow crunches beneath my boots, but the restless stomping of the horses obscures it. I know I’m no match for them on fair terms, but if I can surprise them, then we have a chance of escape. 
I see two pairs of legs standing beside the sled. Then I hear the door fly open, and my mother screams. Lunging forward, I slice into the first thief’s thigh, high up where I know the blood will flow too quickly to stop. The knife is sharp enough that it takes him a moment to realize what’s happening. Climbing to my feet, I lunge at the next man, who is much quicker than I hoped, and he waves off my attack. I spin, a move I’ve practiced more than once with the butcher’s children when we used to play wooden swords, and crouch below his grasp, slicing a line through his gut. The smell is thick and sour as his innards spill out, sloshing to the ground as he falls. I gag, and bile rises in my throat. My eyes water immediately, and it’s all I can do not to collapse to my knees.
I’m so busy trying to get myself together that I don’t see the third man coming. Before I can think to fight him off, two strong arms coil around me as my mother continues to scream. He squeezes, and I can’t breathe. The knife falls from my hand as I thrash wildly. He’s yelling at me in his foreign tongue, but I can’t even draw breath to tell him that I don’t understand. Just as my vision begins to explode with light, I manage to kick the side of the carriage hard enough to topple us both into the new-fallen snow. He falls flat to his back, and I crash on top of him. I hear the air violently rush form his lungs, and he releases me. Rolling to my feet, I scoop up the knife and run as fast as my numb feet will carry me.
The woods are thick and blanketed with snow. I’m light enough that I don’t sink too deep as I fly through the forest, but behind me, I hear the crunch of the snow as my attacker pursues, each step slow and labored. 
Good. Let him chase me. I can get him away from my mother, then, hopefully, double back and grab her. We will unhitch the sled, and she and I can ride on to St. Petersburg with just the horses. The sky is grey and the air frigid in my lungs. Each breath burns, and then expels in a ball of steam out of my mouth. Still, I run. Turning to spare a glance over my shoulder unbalances me and I fall, slipping down the slope of a hill, tumbling into a deep snow bank. I lay there for a moment, trying to catch my breath and staring at the sky above me, and I listen for his footsteps.
There’s nothing.
Rolling onto my side, I peek up. The snow is deep, well over my knees, and I struggle to get back to solid ground. A patch of pine trees offers respite. The snow around them is shallow, and I take a minute to brush the ice from my hair. It has fallen free from its elegant braid and dangles in wet clumps around my face. Still, I have somehow managed to hold onto the knife. 
In the distance, I hear a gunshot. The sound echoes through the bleak forest like cannon fire. I turn without hesitation and run back toward my mother, cursing my stupidity. What had I been thinking leaving her alone like that? The bandit must have doubled back to her, thinking me long gone. As I make my way up the steep hill, I slip and fall to my knees in something slimy and wet. It isn’t snow but mud, a small spring of warm water bubbling up from the ground. Somehow, the snow had hidden it from my sight, but now, it’s all down the front of me. The water and mud pulls down on my already-ruined gown, as if trying to hold me to the earth. I frown at the sight. Poor Mother. She’d paid the seamstress what little money we had to refashion this dress for me. It had been one of her old walking gowns but the seamstress had added lace and a beautiful yellow sash, all of which was now covered in muck. With haste, I untie the sash and slip the bulky gown over my head. The chill is immediate, but still, I feel lighter, light enough to run once more. I run my hands over my corset and decide to rid myself of it while I’m at it. Using the knife, I quickly cut the strings and discard it. Not only can I take a real breath, but also my petticoat is clean and white as snow, helping me blend in. Scrambling back to my feet, I press forward. As soon as I appear over the ridge, I see a man standing at the edge of the cliff not five feet to my left. He looks over, his eyes locking with mine.
He doesn’t look like a bandit, I realize. He wears a long, black brocade jacket with golden embroidery; a black, fur hat stuffed on his head makes his blue eyes glow like azure. He’s clean, calm, and holding a rife—which is pointed at me for only a moment before he lowers it, a confused expression on his face. I hold out my tiny blade in front of me, as if it would do any good. He cocks his head to the side curiously before addressing me in perfect German.
“Princess Sophia? I’m Sergei Salkov of Her Majesty’s Imperial Court. I’m here to rescue you.”
Just as the words leave his mouth, something moves in the corner of my eye. The bandit who has been chasing me rushes forward from behind a thick tree, right toward Sergei. The tall, scruffy man is draped in heavy furs and even at full speed, he’s moving too slowly to cross the distance between them before I turn the knife in my hand and throw it. It lands with a dull thud in the center of his chest. He swears loudly and then falls forward, the snow around him turning to crimson slush.
As gently as possible, I wrap my arms around my waist and hug myself, rubbing the exposed skin to stave off the frigid cold. I glance up and see Sergei has his rifle lowered at the ground and is staring at the now-fallen bandit. Then he’s looks back at me with his mouth twisted into a funny grin.
Not sure what the protocol is for meeting a stranger in my undergarments, I dip into a formal curtsy. “It is a pleasure to meet you, sir, but I think perhaps you are a bit late for that.”

Chapter 2

The sound my mother makes when I step back into sight near the road is somewhere between relief and exasperation. Beside her, two royal guards are trying to reload the toppled trunks of gowns, but she turns and orders them to stop. I look over and see that each dress, so carefully refitted and repurposed, has been shredded. Surely, the bandits didn’t do such a thing?
“Leave them. They have been utterly destroyed.” She turns to me, wearing an expression of shock and indignation, “Can you imagine? Bandits? What a dreadful thing. Thank heavens Her Majesty thought to send us a royal escort or we would both be dead!”
Her face flushes as her voice raises pitch. No doubt, she is thinking even now how this tragedy might be used to her advantage. Her head snaps back to me, as if she’s really looking at me for the first time.
“My heavens, Sophie! Where are your clothes? Did that horrible man…?” She doesn’t finish the sentence. I know where her mind is spinning off to. If he had touched me in any way, I would be ruined. Sullied and unfit to marry the prince.
“No, Mother. I only fell in some thick mud. I had to rid myself of the gown in order to escape.”
She lowers her chin and appraises me carefully, as if she could see the damaged virtue like a spot on her favorite table linen. Finally, she nods, accepting me at my word. Beside me, Sergei slips off his coat and drapes it over my shoulders. It’s warm and soft and smells vaguely like the winter pine of my homeland.
“Here you go, Princess. You must have a terrible chill. Would you like us to make a fire for you to warm yourself before we continue to the palace?”
His voice is tender, the way a person might speak to a child. I’m not sure why, but it unsettles me. Perhaps it is pride, but I don’t like it at all.
“I’m quite all right, I assure you. I think my mother would be quite pleased to ride on ahead. No need to make a fuss.” I pause. “And please, call me Sophie.”
He bows his head. “As you wish, Sophie.”
He barks orders to his men, who form a tight ring around the carriage with their horses.
“Are you quite certain those bandits won’t come back?” Mother asks as she hikes up her skirts and climbs back into the sled.
Sergei smiles, winking at me behind her back. I catch his eye, and a small warmth forms in my belly.
“I’m quite sure they are gone. And should we be set upon again, I’m sure young Sophie will defend your honor.”
I can’t help but grin at his words. I carefully climb in behind Mother, and Sergei follows me.
“In any case, I shall ride here with you—for your protection, of course.”
Mother shrugs indifferently, and Sergei takes a seat beside me.
“They destroyed all our lovely gowns,” Mother begins, not meeting his eyes. “We will need new ones. And since this attack occurred on Her Majesty’s road—”
Sergei waves her off as if it’s nothing. “Yes, of course. I will let the empress know the situation. I’m sure she will make recompense.”
Mother nods and sits back, closing her eyes as the carriage rolls into motion. 
Sergei leans over to me, his voice a whisper.
“Where did you learn to handle a knife like that?”
Mother answers, her eyes still closed, but her nose wrinkling up in disgust as she speaks.
“Her father let the child run quite wild during our time in Settin. Too indulgent, I always told him so. Young ladies should be taught to sing and sew, not to fight and swing a sword. Still, dangerous times he would say. Posh. To this day, the girl can’t sew a straight line and her singing voice is just awful.” As if suddenly aware she was articulating all the wrong things to a man who, for all she knew, had the ear of the empress, she sits up starkly, opening her eyes. “That is, Princess Sophia’s strength lies in other accomplishments. She can play the piano quite well, she can read Latin, and she is in every way a true Lady of Prussia.”
“I quite agree,” Sergei says gently. Mother nods and rests back again. Within minutes, she’s snoring gently.
Even under the warmth of his coat, I’m shivering. I hope Sergei doesn’t notice the uncontrollable shaking as we bounce along. After a few minutes, he takes my hands in his. I open my mouth to protest, but he brings my fingers to his mouth and blows on them. The warmth of his breath feels so good against my frozen skin that I almost sigh in relief. He repeats the process a few times, blowing my hands and then rubbing them with his. All the while, I’m watching his face. It’s not a romantic gesture, yet it’s strangely intimate. I don’t think I’ve ever been touched like this before, not by a man—and a terribly handsome man at that. My heart races in my chest, making me warm with flush.
“Better?” he asks finally.
I nod, taking my hands back reluctantly and folding them in my lap. “Yes. Thank you.”
He grins. “So, tell me about yourself, Princess.”
The muscles in my back stiffen. I wait for a moment, half expecting my mother to jump in with some nonsense about my feminine skills, most of which are blatantly untrue.
“I like to ride,” I say weakly. 
“Do you hunt?” he asks.
I nod. “I’m a good shot too.”
A strange lump forms in my throat, as I realize I may never hunt with my father again. 
“Good,” Sergei says cryptically, peeking his head out of the carriage window.
“Does that happen often? The attack, I mean. Do you often have a problem with bandits on the road?”
He sits back, looking at me thoughtfully before answering.
“No, never.”
“Then why did the empress send you to escort us?” I ask.
He’s quiet, looking lost in thought. “The empress didn’t send me.”
I watch as an array of emotions play out across his chiseled face, worry, dread, and finally, resignation. He says nothing else, but I can read the tension in his squared shoulders, the tick working in his jaw.
“It wasn’t a random attack, was it?” I ask boldly. “It was an assassination attempt.”
His eyes flicker to mine. “You are a surprising creature, Princess. Clever as well as brave. Wherever did you come from?”
I ignore the backhanded compliment.
“Why would someone attack us?”
He frowns, wiping his hand down his face and rubbing his neck. 
“There are those in court who are unhappy at the prospect of an alliance between Prussia and Russia, those who seek instead to fortify a bond with Austria. The empress favors you and your family, but that favor will extend only so far. If they can prove you unfit—in any way—she will have no choice but to send you away and find an Austrian princess to put on the throne.”
I take a deep breath, drawing myself up in my seat.
“Then I must be sure they have no complaint against me. Thank you for your honesty. I appreciate your warnings, and I will heed them.” I pause before adding, “And thank you for riding out to save us.”
Reaching up, he picks a small clump of mud from my hair.
“Oh, I suspect you had the situation well in hand.”
***
I drift in and out of sleep as we ride on through the day. Just as dusk falls, Sergei nudges me gently.
“We have arrived, Princess.”
Pushing back the curtain, I watch out the window as we roll into the grand city of St. Petersburg. Even in the dim glow of the setting sun, the view is breathtaking. The iron-and-gold gates of the Winter Palace stretch before us, the Romanov crest, a glorious golden crowned eagle, watching us from the top. The carriage stops and Sergei steps out, speaking to the guards in quick Russian. The gates slide open and we roll inside, Sergei waving to me as we pass. The grounds are a menagerie of ice sculptures and glowing lanterns. I expect the carriage to stop in front of the grand entrance but it continues, rounding to the rear of the massive estate. Two guards step forward to assist us out as Sergei reappears and leads us into the servants’ entrance.
“Why on earth were we not greeted formally?” Mother demands as we weave through the empty kitchens. The hearth is roaring with fire, and I can feel the chill melting out of my skin.
“Surely you would not have the young princess introduced to court in just her petticoats?” Sergei says in the tone one might use with a whining child.
She sighs. “No, of course not.”
He tilts his head in a gesture of deference and leads on, up the back staircase and down the left wing of a long, ornate hallway. The walls are marble and granite with decorative, golden wreaths and swirling vines along the ceiling. Massive frescos and beautifully woven tapestries hang from the walls, while tables with fresh-cut flowers sit at every door. I’m tempted to remark on the absurdity of it—fresh flowers in the middle of winter. Being raised by a man who saw such things as unnecessary frivolities, it’s an instant reaction. But I’m sure here, at the Grand Imperial Court, they don’t have an old man hunched over a ledger complaining about the cost of tulips, so I bite my tongue. I must remember that here, excess is completely ordinary and I ought not to make a fuss about it.
“These are your rooms,” he says motioning to the last door at the end of the hall. The steward pushes the massive, oak door open, and the sitting room inside is nearly the size of my entire home back in Settin. There’s a writing desk, piano, and half a dozen chairs and chaises scattered about. A large, round table boasts a silver tray full of meats, cheeses, and breads. There are three doors beyond, two seem to be bedchambers, but I’m not sure about the third. I’m quite sure these rooms alone are the size of our entire home back in Germany. I look to Mother, who frowns, unimpressed.
“Are the accommodations to your liking?” Sergei asks me directly, as Mother begins touring the room, commenting on the color of the drapes and the size of the fireplace.
I nod. “They are; thank you.”
“Then I will leave you to rest. I will send up a maid with some nightclothes, and I will have the seamstress attend you first thing in the morning.”
Mother turns, “Do tell the empress we’ve arrived. I’m sure she will be most excited to see me.”
Sergei bows gallantly. His eyes flicker up for only a moment and catch mine. A sly grin spreads across his face as he stands and turns to leave, the white-wigged steward closing the door behind them. No sooner are they gone than Mother opens the third door and nods happily.
“A washroom. Good. I could use a hot bath after such a strenuous journey.” She turns to look at me. I hold up the hem of my soiled petticoat. She frowns. “You will need to wash too, of course. But I should go first. You will spoil the water with your muck.”
Opening our door, she orders the steward back, demanding hot water be brought up from the kitchens.
Sometime later, the water has grown cool as I finally slip out of my clothes and into the tub. Still, it’s warm on my cold skin. The soap smells like honey and goats milk as I wash away the last of the snow and mud from my body and hair. I rest back against the side of the copper washtub and try to imagine in my head what it might be like to see Peter again. He would have grown devastatingly handsome, that much I can be sure of, and he will see me and smile. He will take my hand, we will dance and laugh, and he will insist we go for a walk in the garden. The moonlight will be pale and glowing, he will look into my eyes, and… I let the vision trail off. For a moment, one insane second, it wasn’t Peter, but Sergei’s face in my thoughts. I brush it aside quickly. Sergei is a kind man, handsome, and not much older than I am. A gentleman who went out of his way to keep me safe. But even so, he is not the reason I’m here, and I cannot afford to be distracted by a few kind words and handsome eyes. 
I must win the heart of the future king.
“Come along, dear. As I expected, we have been summoned to see the empress first thing in the morning. You will need to be rested.”
With a heavy sigh, I step out of the bath and dry myself before slipping into the soft, green dressing gown the maid brought for me.
When I walk into the room, Mother is sitting at the writing desk, furiously scribbling notes on parchment.
“Are you writing Father? To let him know we arrived safely?” I ask.
She looks up at me and blinks, as if the idea was so foreign that it never crossed her mind.
“Of course not. I’m writing to King Fredrick.”
“Oh,” I say flatly.
King Fredrick of Germany had been overjoyed at the prospect of my sitting on the throne when we stopped for a visit in Berlin on our way here. He sees it as a way to secure an alliance, Mother sees it as a way to regain her lifestyle, and I see it as the only alternative to marrying my Uncle Edward. 
She points the feather quill at me. “Make no mistake, Sophia, this union is a political alliance sanctioned by the king himself. And if you are successful in securing the prince’s hand in marriage, our family will be rewarded with wealth enough to rival the most prestigious noble’s in Berlin.”
I freeze. The thought of facing this task alone is beyond daunting. Dread shoots up my back like spikes. 
“Will you go back then? Back to Prussia?”
She pauses, then sets down the pen and holds her hands out to me. I step forward and take them. “Sweet child. I will never leave you. For as long as you need me by your side, I will remain. Even if it means living with these monstrous Russian winters.”
I smile, relief flooding through me. Mother might be shallow and, at times, callous, but what she does, she does for me and for our family. It’s easy to forget that sometimes. 
She sends me off to bed; the warm blankets and soft pillows soothe me into an instant slumber. All too soon, I see the first rays of daylight sneaking through the slit in the curtains. The maid from last night rushes in and throws them open, flooding the room with warmth and light. I sit up, rubbing my eyes.
“Thank you,” I mutter. “I’m sorry; I’ve forgotten your name.”
The maid curtsies. “Isobel, my lady.”
“Thank you, Isobel. Is the seamstress here yet?”
“She only just arrived.”
“Thank you,” I say, throwing back the blankets. Isobel gathers them and begins making the bed as I step out into the foyer. 
There are three trunks of gowns, all open and overflowing as Mother and the seamstress bicker. As soon as I enter, the seamstress bows her neck.
“My lady.”
I nod. “What is all this?”
“Fifteen gowns,” Mother says, throwing her hands in the air dramatically. “You are getting fifteen new gowns.”
I step forward. “That’s wonderful.”
Mother snorts in disagreement. “No, it’s barely enough to replace what we lost. And I am only getting nine.”
I don’t remind her that we only had four gowns between us, and that they were mysteriously destroyed. Or that all four were old and had been remade at least half a dozen times already.
Instead, I turn to the seamstress. “The empress is too generous. We are grateful.”
The seamstress smiles and motions for me to come to her. She appraises me thoughtfully.
“You are about the size of my daughter, lucky enough. She often stands for me to try new fabrics and styles on. And your coloring, the brown hair and dark blue eyes, you will look lovely in most colors. I’m so glad. Only last week we had to work for a lady with hair orange as fire and pale skin. There were so few colors we could put her in that didn’t make her look sick.”
She prattles on under the watchful eye of my mother as she discusses patterns, bustle sizes, and sashes. I just close my eyes, lift my arms when told to, and let them choose. There’s a sharp tap at the door and the steward comes in, a large box in his arms. He sets it on the floor and backs up. 
“A gift from Lord Salkov.”
Mother shoos the steward out and opens the box, pulling out a lovely pink-and-black lace gown. The style is French, a low bodice and tight sleeves. Compared to anything else I’ve ever had, it’s downright scandalous. Yet, I remember seeing many ladies dressed in similar styles in Berlin and the idea of wearing it, looking so grown up, makes my heart pound. The notion of Sergei admiring me in it makes my heart pound harder.
Mother holds it up to herself and grins wildly. “It’s just lovely. I think I’ll go put it on.”
“Don’t be silly. It’s for the princess. See the cut of the waist? It’s far too narrow for you,” the seamstress says, not looking up from her work.
Frowning, Mother drapes the gown over her arm. “Insolent girl. The gown is obviously for me.”
I shrug, “Maybe he’s put a note in the box?”
Mother walks to the box and pulls a tiny scrap of paper out, reading it aloud.
“‘Since you have no gown to wear today, please accept this humble gift.’ It’s signed Sergei Salkov. It doesn’t say who it’s for.”
I point to her bedchamber. “You have the gown you were wearing yesterday. I have no gown at all,” I say simply.
She glares at me. “I can’t wear that. It’s filthy.”
The seamstress looks up at me with sympathy in her eyes.
“Well, then I suppose I will have to meet the empress naked. I’m sure she will understand, Mother. I mean, it wouldn’t make her think less of me—of my fitness to marry her nephew—to meet her like this, don’t you think? Yes, I’m sure she will understand.” 
I hold my breath. I’ve never employed this particular tactic with her before, and I’m not sure how she will react. I’ve put her vanity against her plotting as I’ve seen my father do so many times. It’s always a risk. Sometimes, she would react with a quiet acceptance of his will. Other times, she simply tightened her mouth into a line and left, scheming behind his back until she achieved her goals.
She stares at me for a second before tossing the gown on the seat beside me.
“You are quite right, of course. A kind gift though it is, I will simply have to let you borrow it for the day. I’m sure Sergei will understand.”
And with that, she spins on her heel and heads into her bedchamber, closing the door behind her. On her knees in front of me, the seamstress smiles widely and winks at me.
The maid is helping me into my gown when the steward arrives with a request from the empress to join her for breakfast in her private chambers. Mother, dressed and leaving her room for the first time since her tantrum, accepts the invitation graciously and helps Isobel finish buttoning the dress. Behind me, Mother drapes something across my neck. Catching a glimpse of it in the mirror as she fastens the clasp, I gasp softly. It’s one of the few jewels her family passed down to her, and one of her prized possessions. A dozen black-onyx teardrops dangle from a strand of black beads at the base of my neck. The stones are warm against my skin and I wonder if she’s been holding them all this time, debating whether to put them on me or wear them herself. Apparently, her desire to put me on the throne is greater than her own vanity—which is something I won’t soon forget.
After all, Johanna of Holsein-Gottorp was born a princess, the great-granddaughter of the King of Denmark, but after being forced to marry a man beneath her rank, she lost nearly everything. The jewels were all she had, the last link to the bright future that had—in her mind—been stolen from her. Now, with an opportunity to set me on a throne, she hopes to reclaim a little bit of that future. I’m not about to complain. Not when, until the empress’ invitation arrived, she had been content to marry me off to the highest bidder, no matter how wretched the prospects might be. 
And I have no doubt that if I fail in this endeavor, that is exactly the fate that I will return home to.
With that in mind, I straighten myself up, smooth my bustle, and raise my chin. Mother twists my hair into a lovely, but simple roll across my forehead and secures it with a pin. Finally ready, we follow the steward out of the room ant toward the empress’ chambers.

Chapter 3

The empress is surrounded by her ladies when we arrive. They are all seated around a large, mahogany table covered in food and even from her chair, I can tell she’s a head taller than the women around her are. She has wide, brilliant blue eyes, a full, rosy mouth, and a soft, round face. Her blonde hair is powdered not the usual white, but coal black. She takes a bite of candied pear, and my stomach turns. I realize for the first time that I haven’t eaten since the day before, and I’ve grown ravenous. As soon as we enter, Mother and I curtsy gracefully.
“Your Majesty,” we say in unison.
“Ah yes. Thank you for joining us,” she says graciously, motioning with a wave of her hand for us to take a seat. Out the corner of my eye, I see Sergei and two other men I don’t know standing in the far corner of the room. He washes a glance over me with a pleased expression, and it sends chills across my flesh. With a clap of her hands, Empress Elizabeth dismisses her ladies. I watch as the movement ruffles the large, black feather that stands upright in her hair, draping across her head and curving down the other side, caressing her pale cheek.
“I was so sorry to hear of that nasty business in on the road. I trust you are both well and unharmed?”
She glances from Mother to me, and Mother answers.
“We are quite well, Your Majesty. Though our belongings were mostly destroyed.”
“Yes, Sergei has informed me,” the empress says dryly.
I speak softly, “Thank you, Your Majesty, for being so kind as to replace our gowns.”
That earns me a slight smile as she pokes a bit of cheese with a fork and stuffs it into her mouth. 
“Yes, you are too kind,” Mother adds after a moment of silence.
The empress stares at me appraisingly. Her dress is silver, trimmed with gold lace, and almost every inch of her exposed skin is covered in diamonds. Her vestige is overwhelming. It’s all I can do to meet her gaze and not look away. 
“Sergei tells me you fought off the bandits single-handedly?” she asks, a wry smile turning up the edges of her lips.
Beside me, I feel Mother stiffen. 
“I’m sure it had more to do with the timely arrival of your guards,” Mother offers modestly.
The empress ignores her. “Sergei tells me you fought them off with a knife? Is that true?”
I nod. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
“That is quite—”
My mother cuts her off. “Unbecoming a lady, and I’ve told her as much. But have no worries, Your Majesty, I’m sure it was a solitary occurrence. The instinct for a child to protect their mother is a strong thing.”
The empress shoots her a withered look before turning back to me.
“I was going to say courageous. Don’t you agree, Chancellor Bestuzhev?” she asks. A dark-haired man steps forward from behind Sergei. He’s wearing a simple grey tunic, breeches with a black jacket, and a belt of gold-encrusted rubies drapes from his shoulders. It looks very similar to the blood-red stones in the empress’ tiara, a matching set of royal jewels.
He bows from the neck. “Quite courageous, Your Majesty.”
For the first time, I watch as the empress’ face softens and she smiles genuinely, sitting back and gently wiping her mouth with her linen napkin. 
“And what do you have to say, Count Lestocq?”
The third man steps forward. He’s short and rotund but somehow still handsome, with flushed cheeks and warm, amber-colored eyes.
“I would say that Your Majesty has chosen well. It will take a brave wife indeed to stand next to Peter.”
His words seem to be a compliment, but there’s an underlying tone that bothers me. A feeling that the words were carefully chosen to have a secondary meaning that I do not understand.
“Yes. But of course, the decision hasn’t been made yet, Count,” Bestuzhev says curtly. “There are still many variables. The treaty for one thing—”
The empress sighs heavily and waves her hand, effectively silencing him.
“Yes, yes. The treaty. I am well aware. But I tire of politics. I want to know more about our young princess. Tell me, Sophie, what do you think of Russia so far?”
Her tone is light, but there is a weight to her words.
“Russia is beautiful, Your Majesty. I cannot wait to see it in the spring bloom. I’m sure it’s splendid to behold.”
She grins. “And do you speak Russian?”
I shake my head just a fraction. “Sadly, no. I speak German and French, and I can read and write in Latin as well. Though I hope to take up the study of the language while I’m here. My mother was just mentioning during our journey that my education would not be complete until I’ve mastered it.”
Beside me, Mother sits up a little taller, a modest grin gracing her lovely face.
“Well, it’s settled then. General Salkov can be your tutor. Beyond helping you master our beautiful language, he can also teach you the customs of court and see to your safety during your visit.”
At the word visit, Mother visibly tenses.
Just then, the door to her chamber sweeps open and Peter bounds into the room as if on horseback. Seeing me, he grins wildly, his blue eyes dancing mischievously, just as they did when he was a little boy. But his face is longer and more defined, a hint of stubble rides his jaw, and he’s gotten tall, taller than even Sergei. He bows quickly to his aunt, then to my mother, before crossing the room in two long strides and taking me by the waist, lifting me into the air, and twirling me gently before sitting me back on my feet. 
“Sophie how glorious it is to see you again.”
He turns back to the empress. “I’m sorry, dear Aunt, but I could wait no longer.”
She smiles warmly and waves him off.
“How have you been? How is Prussia?” he asks quickly, ignoring my mother’s uncomfortable cough. 
“Very well to both,” I say, unable to keep the smile from my face. “And you?”
He shrugs. “As well as can be expected in such deplorable conditions.” He shoots a grin over his shoulder to his aunt, who is watching us with a wistful look on her face. “I’ve had no one to play Whist with.”
I can’t suppress the laugh that follows his words. 
“That’s probably because you cheat so badly.”
“I cheat quite well, thank you,” he says, combing back his golden hair with his fingers, then letting it fall back into a mound of curls.
 The empress stands, and we all turn to face her.
“Tonight, there is a ball in honor of Peter’s sixteenth birthday tomorrow. I do hope you will both join us. I would be honored to introduce you to my court,” The empress offers gracefully, brushing the breadcrumbs from her bodice.
I curtsy.
 “Of course, Your Majesty. We would love to attend,” Mother answers for me. 
The empress turns her full attention to Mother for the first time.
“Johanna, I must admit, I was so devastated when your dear brother died before we could be wed. I have always felt that destiny was somehow subverted when our houses were not joined in marriage.”
Mother inclines her head. “I have felt that as well, Your Majesty. But I believe that destiny, and anything that is truly meant to be, will always find a way to right itself.”
Peter faces me and, bowing, takes my hand in his, bringing it gently to his lips.
“I look forward to it,” he offers with a depth in his voice, and I can’t help but wonder if he means seeing me at the ball… or something else entirely.
The empress steps forward, taking Peter’s arm, and they exit together, leaving Mother and me to return to our chambers. Within moments of returning, Sergei and Count Lestocq arrive, followed by a flurry of attendants and footmen. They bow graciously, both men looking pleased with us.
“Ladies, let me be the first to congratulate you. You have made a splendid impression with Her Majesty. She is quite taken with young Sophie,” the count offers with a grin, handing my mother a large, leather satchel.
Mother huffs, opening the sack, “Of course she is. My daughter is a rare jewel. One would have to be blind not to see her beauty and grace…” Her voice trails off as a handful of gold and silver rubles falls out into her hand. She gawks only for a moment before gathering herself, slipping the money back in the purse and looking back up at Sergei. “My daughter is worth much more than the contents of this purse.”
I blush at her words. More than once growing up, Mother had openly complained about how plain and boyish I was. To hear her speak of me so warms my heart.
“I quite agree,” the count says firmly, holding his arm out to my mother. “And I see where her beauty and grace have come from. Let me assure you, that is only the beginning of Her Majesty’s grace. Much more will follow. But for now, may I interest you in a tour of the palace, my lady?”
Her eyes light up, and then flicker hesitantly in my direction. 
He continues. “Sergei is eager to begin her Russian lessons and the servants will be busy for hours preparing your gowns for this evening, far too tedious for a lady such as yourself to be forced to endure, don’t you agree?”
At his words, she tucks her chin bashfully and accepts his arm.
“You are quite right, of course. A tour would be delightful.”
As soon as they are gone, I feel the air around me thicken. Sergei is watching me with his hypnotic blue eyes and despite the other people in the room, I feel quite alone under his gaze, as if we were the only people in existence.
Finally, he raises one eyebrow. “Sophie, you are a clever girl, tell me, did you pick up on anything during your audience with the empress?”
I take a seat in the red velvet chair near the window overlooking the river.
“Well, it’s quite obvious that Chancellor Bestuzhev isn’t pleased with my arrival.”
He nods silently. 
“He seems quite taken with Austria and his treaty,” I add thoughtfully. “Do you think he was behind the attack on my carriage?”
Sergei sits down, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. “You will find there are many people here at court that fears the Prussian influence. Peter himself is so taken with King Fredrick that it’s practically all he talks about. There are those who worry that under Peter’s rule, Russia would become nothing more than a puppet to the demands of Prussia.”
I lower my chin, looking him in the eye. 
“That wasn’t an answer to my question.”
He shrugs. “I have no answer to give. It’s possible, yes. I would not put it past him, but there are others as well who could have had a hand in it. I simply do not know.”
“So even here, at the palace, I’m no safer than I was in those woods. There are still powerful people who wish me gone.”
 “That is true, but I did share my concerns for your safety with the empress. That is partly why she named me your tutor. I’m also your unofficial guard.”
I almost quip that being under his guard doesn’t make me feel any better, but I hold back the words because deep down, I do actually feel safer knowing he’s watching over me.
“And,” I continue as gently as possible, “it was so nice to see Peter again. Though the count’s remarks surprised me. Tell me, what kind of a man is Peter?”
For the first time, Sergei shifts in his chair, looking a bit uncomfortable. 
“Peter is… young. He has a great love of all things German and military. He speaks German only, so you must always address him in such, and he can be extremely short-tempered.”
I grin. “So he’s much unchanged then.”
Sergei smiles sadly. “Lestocq is right about one thing; it will take a very clever, very strong woman to rein him in. The empress knows as much. She’s not just looking for a wife for him—she’s looking for someone formidable enough to tame him.”
I take a deep breath, not daring to speak the words floating in my mind. I cannot admit, even to myself, how desperately I hope for him to fall madly in love with me. For years, I watched my parents suffer in their arranged marriage, barely tolerating each other. Is it so wrong to dream of romance and tenderness? Of love?
“And that’s not all. There are two other ladies arriving today, Lady Elizavetta and Lady Ekaterina Vorontsova. Neither is a princess, but they are from one of the wealthiest, most influential families in Russia. They’ve been asked to serve as your ladies-in-waiting while you’re here, but make no mistake, if you are found unsuitable for marriage to Peter, they will be in line behind you—and either of them is a much more suitable match for him in the eyes of the anti-Prussian movement at court.”
 I nod, unable to keep the frown from my face.
Reaching out, Sergei lays a hand on mine. My shivers from earlier return and I gaze at him.
“This task will not be an easy one. The road to your coronation will be long, and fraught with danger and treachery. Are you certain this is what you want?” His expression is soft and full of kindness. If I choose to leave, I need only say so now, and he will see me safely home, back to the house of my father. For a moment, the idea fills me with joy. Then I remember that my joy would be short-lived. Two seasons from now, we will be so in debt that we will be forced to sell off our lands, and our kingdom and title will be taken. Mother, Father, and my sweet baby brother will live in poverty for the rest of their days and I, well, I will be sent off to marry my uncle. A slow chill crawls up my spine, and I have to fight off a shudder.
“My choice, General Salkov, is to do whatever necessary to win Peter’s heart and the crown that accompanies it,” I say boldly.
He sits back. 
“Then I am at your service, Princess Sophie. But know this—it’s not Peter’s heart you should be concerned with. You must win the heart of the empire.”
I nod, squaring my shoulders and tilting my chin upward.
“Then perhaps we should begin with my first lesson.” I take a piece of paper from the desk and scribble on it. “Tell me, how do you say this in Russian?” I ask, sliding him the paper.
He grins.


Click here to learn more about Queen of Someday!





By Angela J. Townsend




For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at:
www.cleanteenpublishing.com 



To my family who taught me go after my dreams

To my sons, Grant and Levi who taught me that love is endless

To Milton Datsopoulos and Diane Larsen who taught me the value of friendship

And to

Dale McGarvey

Who taught me to never give up.




Seattle, Washington

The shadows came for me at night, in my sleep, evoking demons as they crept over me, pressing down, tangling around my arms, my legs, my neck. I struggled to open my eyes. To move. To breathe. Panic swelled. Twisting and thrashing, I battled to break free. The shadows turned to vapor, and it was my mother who held me now, clutching me to her bloody body as we huddled together. Her ragged, uneven breath feathered across the back of my neck. 
She whispered one last Russian lullaby.
My father appeared in the doorway, his heavy boots dripping snow on the oak floor. His eyes were cold, vacant, a rifle tight in his hands. He advanced, yelling Siberian curses that fell from his lips like hissing snakes. He snarled and aimed the weapon at my mother’s chest. Her eyes stretched wide in horror, her lips twisted in a final scream as she pushed me to safety. 
A bullet exploded through her torso, shattering my existence in a mixture of steel, blood and bone, colliding at the speed of light. My father lowered the gun, grabbed my mother’s wrist and checked for a pulse. A satisfied smile crept across his lips as he dropped her lifeless arm. 
A whimper escaped my throat. He spotted me cowering in the corner, his eyes blazing with scalding fury. He raised the weapon, aimed it at my forehead, and the shadows came for me again…

I jerked awake, gasping for breath and clammy with sweat. The images of my dying mother still clinging to my mind. I shielded my eyes from the brilliant beams of sunlight seeping into my room, letting it trickle between my fingers to warm my face. From a cracked windowpane in the corner, a scatter of diamond-shaped patterns laced the floor in an intricate dance. I stared at the kaleidoscope of colors, willing my heartbeat to return to normal, tracing each shape, forcing the recurring nightmare from my mind. I closed my eyes and counted backward from twenty and by the time I had reached ten, the tightness in my chest had relaxed and I was able to breathe again.
I threw back the covers and climbed out of bed, my toes warm in the dancing sunlight. Daytime brought me peace, chased away the dreams of a past better left forgotten. You’d think I’d be used to it by now. I'd suffered the same horrible dream every single night. Maybe someday it would leave, but I had a feeling things wouldn’t change until I knew everything that had happened: my mother’s murder, how I survived getting shipped off all the way from Russia to an orphanage in Seattle. I was only two years old when my mother died—but even at that tender age the horrible memory had taken root in my subconscious, sprouted limbs, and grown into a monster over the years. I didn’t know what was real anymore.
The worn cotton robe I’d slept in slid from my trembling shoulders, exposing my nightgown, long and pale like my Siberian blonde hair—a color I inherited from some ancient ancestor whose bones rested under a layer of Russian ice.
From the kitchen came clinking glass and the gargle of a blender. Bambi, my foster mom, was no doubt mixing up a bomb squad. Or at least that’s what she called it. It took the edge off her constant hangovers and kept her head from exploding.
On an end table near the bed, my alarm clock blared. And before I could switch it off, Bambi bellowed, “Natasha! Turn that blasted thing down! How many times have I told you….” 
I hit the snooze button and waited until she retreated down the hallway, her footsteps heavy across the worn shag carpet as she entered her bedroom at the end of the double-wide. I knew she’d probably gone back to bed with a pair of blinders over her eyes to keep the shards of light out.

Bambi came into my life the summer I turned twelve, when I was a flightless bird trapped in a sewer called Bellingham—a group home for throwaway kids. On a Friday afternoon, Bambi’s big white Lincoln roared into the driveway, a rooster tail of dust behind it. She stepped out wearing tortoiseshell sunglasses, a pink mini-skirt with matching heels, and low cut halter-top. Her long hair shone in the afternoon sun, a rich mane of licorice black cinched in a ponytail at the top of her head like a genie. 
She spotted me staring at her through the glass, removed her sunglasses, and winked. I couldn’t take my eyes off of her. I’d only seen women like that in magazines, leaning against cars. She looked sharp and dangerous, like the curve of a blade. She came inside, her spiked heels clicking across the tiled floor. She bent down to eye me, the top of her breasts spilling over the “V” of her tank-top. I stared up at her. What did she want?
She reached out and smoothed a stray piece of hair dangling in front of my eyes. “Well, hello there, Missy.” She pressed her hand into mine. “You must be Natasha.”
I recoiled, not used to being touched. I only knew the palms of rough hands pressed against my back, urging me to and from a bedroom with cement walls like a prison, rubber sheets that crinkled beneath me and a roommate who screamed in her sleep. 
I stared up at her, into those intense green eyes. “Who are you?” 
“My name’s Bambi.” She batted her sooty lashes. “Run along and get your things. You’re coming with me.”
I took off to my room and threw everything I owned into a big plastic garbage bag. I hated that cheap sack. A parting shot from Bellingham. A reminder that foster kids were worthless. Not even important enough for a real bag. When I’d watched other kids get placed, I always thought that throwing all your stuff in those plastic trash sacks would feel like one of two things. Either throwing away your old life, the bad memories, the fear and hate of Bellingham; or the feeling of a refugee, so blinded by freedom that it didn’t matter. I was wrong. It felt like admitting you didn’t matter, like saying you weren’t worthy of the freedom you’d always dreamed of. I told myself not to worry about it, to focus on the fact that I was getting out, but the thought lingered as I hurried out the door to Bambi’s car. She was perched behind the wheel when I got there, wiping lipstick off her teeth in the rear-view mirror. I tried the door and it was locked. She leaned over, flung it open, and waved me inside with her long red press-on nails. 
“Hurry it up, Missy. Don’t have all day—got me a tiki party to go to tonight.” 
I slid into the cushy white interior and snapped on my seatbelt. On the way home, Bambi chatted endlessly about how she used to be a drug addict and stripper at a gentleman’s club before she found Jesus. “You know what, Missy? Jesus loves everybody, even prostitutes.” She slipped a cigarette into her mouth and lit the tip. “Says so right in the bible. Did you know Lazarus’ sister was a lady of the night, before she got saved?” Bambi exhaled a cloud of smoke. “If it wasn’t for Jesus, I’d sure as hell be dead by now.” 
I stared at her, trying to think of something to say. In the close confines of the car, I saw the glue of her false eyelashes dotting her lids, a thick layer of foundation and face powder over fine lines near her nose and mouth. There was a roughness to her beauty, more from hard mileage than time. She reminded me of a pretty doll, broken and patched together again. 
We stopped at a red light. Bambi slid her gaze in my direction. “Have you been saved, Missy?” Before I could answer she squealed and cranked up the radio, singing along at the top of her lungs to Paradise City, by Gun’s N’ Rose’s. The light turned green and she hit the gas, music blaring out the windows as we sped onto the freeway. 
A little old lady in a big Buick cut in front of us, gray hair and curlers barely visible over the wheel. Bambi slammed on the brakes, punishing the old woman with a loud blare of her horn, honking and swearing over the music. My gut twisted. For someone who was religious, she sure could cuss. A sigh crept past my lips. I hoped Bambi wasn’t some kind of phony, that this time it might be different and I wouldn’t have to be brought back to that place where I barely existed. Nameless. Faceless. Nobody’s child.
We exited to a narrow street that evened out along shabby houses with chaotic yards and sagging, cluttered porches. A steel factory. Cars without wheels. Houses boarded up. Bambi drove under a metal sign suspended by iron chains, Sunny Ridge Trailer Court. I didn’t see anything sunny about it with its rusty trailers, faded lawn ornaments, and abandoned cars. It looked more like a junk yard than a place to live. 
None of it mattered. I didn’t care where we lived or where we were going. Bambi would be the perfect placement for me. I didn’t want to live with a nuclear family, where pretend mothers and fathers ended up not wanting you because you wouldn’t bond with them. For me, it was impossible. I didn’t know how to love—and it turned out that Bambi didn’t either. I was a means to an end, a paycheck waiting in the mailbox on the third of every month. Spare change. Beer money. 
As it happened, weeks of uncertainty became years of bingo on Saturday nights, wild weekend parties, and a string of bad boyfriends Bambi picked up along the way. Through it all, I somehow managed to turn seventeen. 

I glanced at my alarm clock again and the glaring blank screen. I had no idea what time it was since I had jerked the cord out of the wall. Great. Better hurry if I wanted to meet the bus on time. I struggled to open the top drawer of my dresser, pushing back piles of messy clothes stuck in the sides, and selected a pair of cutoffs to wear over my leggings, a tank-top and long black sweater. Underneath a pile of dirty clothes, I unearthed my combat boots and slipped them on. I loved the weight of them. They made me feel grounded, like I could climb a mountain if I had to. I tied my hair in a messy knot, gathered my school books that had been littered across my desk, and tucked them into an army bag. My fingers traced the lines in the smooth canvas. I loved the worn pack, covered in peace signs and denim patches. It carried everything that was important to me, my art supplies, my drawings, pictures I’d cut out of magazines. 
Being an artist was my whole life. It was all I cared about. All I wanted to be. Art saved me, spoke to me, kept me company at night when I would lay in my bed at the group home listening to the endless, unanswered cries of children mixed with the ceaseless drone of the television in the common area. My palette of assorted acrylics in a spray of vivid colors gave me fresh flowers and the bittersweet scent of autumn leaves when in reality my world was surrounded by smells of detergent, floor wax, and urine. Art was a way out, a universe of my own creation. 
The bus rumbled to a stop in front of our lighthouse-shaped mailbox, a glaring false idol of hope in a rundown trailer park. Bambi was as crazy about lighthouses as she was about Jesus. Our house was packed with them.
The bus door hissed open and I begrudgingly climbed aboard. Fighting my way down the crowded aisle, I found a seat near the front, my bag at my feet. Behind me a group of cheerleaders gossiped about boys, makeup, and sex, their shrill laughter drilling into the back of my head. I slipped on my earbuds, drowning them out with the deep, dark tones of Rachmaninoff, my favorite Russian composer. Girls my own age were a different species, their everyday problems so trivial. I didn’t really know anyone, and didn’t want to. I liked being alone and I suspected my independence suited me better than it should. Worse yet, I hated crowds. I had this raw, primitive urge to live in some secluded cave and do nothing but paint. 
So far I’d made it through almost three years of high school, yet my junior year seemed endless. It wasn’t that I hated school, it was the structure I loathed—just another institution. Another form of control. Another obstacle in the way of me being able to do my artwork.

School dragged on forever. When the final bell finally rang, I leapt from my seat, my army bag slung over my shoulder, and I fought my way through a sea of teens clogging the hallway. I opened the double doors to the exit with both hands and escaped into the parking lot, dodging through the train of cars and buses. Finally I could breathe again. I hurried across the street, every cell inside my body tingled. I couldn’t wait to get to the theater where I made costumes for the stage, drawing and painting—creating intricate designs on simple fabrics. There I could lose myself in my artwork and in the magic of the old, massive, ivory-columned structure. 
Sunshine spilled across the pavement as I worked my way downtown on foot. It took fifteen minutes to get to Pike Place Market. Springtime in Seattle was acting totally schizophrenic as usual. One minute it was super sunny, transforming winter-burnt stems and wilting plants into an emerald green carpet, then a second later rain and melting ice gargled down the raspy throats of muddy drains. 
The heels of my boots thudded across the pavement as I entered the heart of Seattle. No one could be depressed in the market. The place buzzed with tourists, a chaotic hum of sights, and sounds. The delicious scent of exotic spices mixed with the poignant aroma of raw fish and seafood. There was something healing and magical about the place. Seattle’s artistic creations of every kind were on display. Portraits offered, hand-painted tea cups for sale, jewelry, and driftwood. 
It was an artist’s dream, alive and beating with waves of energy. A place where I could completely disappear, blend into the crowd and become part of the backdrop while all of humanity bustled around me. I loved those moments, wanted to capture them on canvas, keep them forever. In places like that you can be alone because you’re surrounded by people, part of the flow of life and yet only an observer. 
It took about five more minutes to reach the Zippo Theater. I drifted past bouquets of pink and red tulips, roses and sunflowers sold by local vendors, past street performers strumming guitars, playing saxophones and trombones. 
I ducked inside the art-deco theater and through the silver-plated lobby filled with brightly colored posters advertising upcoming plays. I entered a stage door and climbed a flight of stairs to my art table, tucked in a secluded nook. Hidden away, I penciled portraits on onionskin paper, painted miniatures on tiny scraps of canvas—each minute brushstroke, each carousel of colors, a record of my existence, my mark on the world. I mattered. I was here. 
While I worked backstage with my ink pens and my palettes of acrylics, I found paradise. Invisible to others, yet near enough to hear their conversations. Their voices were calming to me, muttered words, whispers, secrets told in confidence. It was like being a painting on a wall that no one noticed. No demands. Nothing expected. 
A mother and daughter in gypsy costumes hurried past for a dress rehearsal. They laughed while the mom straightened the girl’s collar. The mother whispered something about being proud and kissed the girl’s cheek. They hugged each other for luck and dashed off. A sudden rush of raw emotions cut at me, slicing layer by layer until reaching bone. I stood alone in the shadows, feeling a hint of the love and nervous energy they left behind—balancing on a blade of pain and frustration. 
What would it be like to have parents? I could barely remember mine. 
My stomach dropped to the floor. A dark figure flashed into my mind. My Russian father, a sinister silhouette of all I did not know, an empty shape filled with rage, murder, and bloodshed. Why did he murder my mother? What had she done to make him so angry? Was he still alive? Did I have siblings?
There were so many questions I needed answered—but there were no answers to be found. I had looked everywhere, searched every record possible. And searching for information on biological parents roughly five- thousand miles away in a foreign country isn’t exactly easy. 
It was like I had dropped from the sky. As solitary as a clam. The only things I knew were that I’d been born in Russia, my father had murdered my mother, and I was sent to live in a children’s home in Seattle. But why? Weren’t there plenty of orphanages in Russia? There had to be a reason. None of my caseworkers were any help. The last one just shrugged and suggested that maybe all the orphanages were full at the time. No one seemed to know much about me, other than the basics—age, race, birth date, place of birth. 
A thousand unanswered questions fought for my attention. If only I knew it would make things easier, bearable. Some say it’s better not to know. That ignorance is bliss. But not for me. For me, not knowing was way worse. I was in this weird state of constant grief over the loss of a relationship with people I didn’t even know. 
Worst of all, I hated that feeling of abandonment. The feeling that no one had cared enough to take care of me, or at least to try to get in contact with me. But no one had cared. No one had wondered where I’d gone or what had happened to me. In a world full of people, I was alone. 




At 6:00 p.m., the city bus rolled to a stop a few blocks from the trailer court. The door hissed as it closed behind me, sending a whoosh of frosty air at my back. I pulled my jacket collar snug to my neck and took my time walking home, eyeing the endless trees in rows of lush green, glowing under a string of street lamps. Some of the lights were broken and buzzed with fireflies as I walked beneath them. The smell of spring mixed with Seattle rain grew heavy in the air, the sweet scent of camellias, and cherry blossoms. I loved watching them bloom, but they looked mournful now, at night, against their gloomy backdrop of soggy earth. I picked up my pace. 
Two more blocks and I'd reached the entrance to the trailer court. I slipped under the rusty sign and between the steel gates. In the shadow of a wooden shed, two guard dogs strained at their chains, growling and barking non-stop, their warning of trespass echoing into the night. The dogs’ teeth glowed in the evening light as hair rose on their muscled, brindled backs. For an instant I felt a crazy, suicidal urge to unchain them, set them free from their burdens, happy for their escape. I couldn’t stand to see animals trapped that way. I had spent enough years in Bellingham that when I looked into the eyes of caged animals, I understood their pain, their fear, their desire to be free. It was worse when animals were trapped together. It brought back memories of having to fight for just an inch of personal space. That’s why I liked to roam around at night, because the darkness felt like vast, endless space. Plus staying up was better than being terrorized by dreams, even though I'd always be beyond tired the next day, it was worth it. Anything for an escape from the nightmares. 
A half moon slipped from behind a wisp of gray clouds. In the fading light, I hurried past a row of dumpy mobile homes, leaving the barking dogs behind, hung a right between two overflowing trash cans, and paused. Some guy was crouched outside of Bambi’s trailer, working on a motorcycle under the glow of a weak porch light with his hands coated in grease. As I drew closer, I saw it wasn’t just any bike—but one wicked-awesome bike. Not that I was an expert on motorcycles, but it certainly looked cool with a sleek black body and flaming skulls. Gravel crunched under my feet as I tried to rush past him and up the front steps. 
“Hey, hand me that wrench.” He pointed to the ground just out of his reach. Tattoos of skulls and crossbones circled his arm like the sleeve of a grim reaper. Probably prison tats. Our eyes locked.
His gaze dark. Smoldering. Dangerous. 
“Please?” He brushed back a strand of black hair that had escaped from a long ponytail. I took a step closer, picked up the tool, and handed it to him. 
“Cool, thanks.” 
“No problem,” I mumbled and turned to leave. 
“If you stay and help, I’ll take you for a ride on my bike later. If you want.”
“No thanks.” I hurried up the rickety steps and ducked inside. I didn’t need a ride from a sketchy looking creep who might be a criminal, and I didn’t want to get stuck helping the greaser all night either.
I tossed my army bag on the kitchen floor and grabbed a soda out of the fridge. My stomach was killing me. I hadn’t eaten all day, except a candy bar at lunch that I’d bought with the last of my change. I foraged through the cupboards for something to eat, even though it was a total waste of time. Bambi spent all her money on booze and Blackjack. 
With just the tips of my fingers, I pulled back the curtains and watched the guy as he continued to work. He suddenly looked up at me, eyes narrowed as if he was used to watching his back. I tried to look away but there was something about him that drew me. He was lean, rugged, and road-worn. It was hard to guess his age, but I figured he was at least forty. He had a jet-black beard and wore a leather motorcycle vest covered in badges over a thin t-shirt. I tore my eyes away and quickly headed to my room. Hopefully he wouldn’t be hanging around long. Most of Bambi’s boyfriends didn’t. 
I grabbed my bag and collapsed on my bed, unzipped the pack and took out a set of Matryoskas—Russian nesting dolls. I had found them a week earlier in the trash at the market. Someone had thrown them away because they were beat up and missing paint. I examined each one carefully, figuring out how I would repair them. I took out my acrylics and the finest tipped brush I could find and set to work on their intricate swirls and patterns. Mr. Henderson, my art teacher at school, marveled at my talents. “You have an unusual artistic ability,” he exclaimed one day in class—totally embarrassing me in front of the other kids. “I’ve never seen anything like it.” Everyone snickered and I wanted to melt into the floor, and yet I felt proud. I knew he was right. There was no denying I was good at art. It was something that came naturally to me. 
Lost in my work, I emerged from my room to scrounge for food again, my stomach practically clawing its way out of me. Shadows played along the dark hallway from the television set, dancing like flickering flames. Bambi was probably camped out on the couch with her biker boyfriend. I clenched my teeth, seething with irritation. I hated sharing my space with some gross guy. He’d probably be like the last one who left the seat up, cigarette butts swimming in the toilet, dirty underwear and t-shirts yellowed with arm-pit stains dangling from the towel rack.
My brilliant plan was to dodge them, grab a soda, and head back to my room. But Bambi wasn’t in the living room—only the biker dude camped on the couch, drinking beer. 
He spotted me and smiled. “Hey, you’re just in time!” 
“Excuse me?” 
“For the match,” He motioned to a chair across from the TV and next to a wooden stand sagging from the weight of a bazillion lighthouses. He juggled two bags of cheese puffs and tossed me one. “I know it’s fake, but I really dig wrestling.”
My stomach rumbled. I loved cheese puffs. I hardly ever got them as Bambi only stocked her shelves with booze and whatever she could get at the food bank. Her impulsive gambling had really put a damper on things. Most days, it was usually a choice between a slice of imitation cheese that tasted like paste or onion soup mix.
The wrestling match started and he stared at the television screen, sitting on the edge of his seat, as if he was holding a lottery ticket and someone was reading the winning numbers. 
I sat there, taking advantage of the free food, shoveling in handfuls. 
He swiveled around, staring at me. “What do you think you’re doing?” 
I paused, dumbfounded, my mouth full.
“You don’t eat cheese puffs that way. Don’t you know anything? You’re gonna have that orange stuff all over your fingers.” He waved one in the air. “Watch and learn, kid.” He dropped it into his mouth careful not to touch his lips. “One bit of moisture on your fingertips and you’re screwed.”
I studied my fingers, caked in orange, feeling his eyes burning into me. I got a Kleenex from a box on the end table and wiped my hands and mouth, avoiding eye contact—cheeks flaming. He plopped his big biker boots on the end table between a matching set of pink plastic lighthouses.
“Well, I better get going,” I said.
He turned down the sound on the television and stared at me as if I'd just said I was an axe murderer. “What’s the hurry?” 
“What do you mean?” 
He shrugged. “I dunno. Just can’t imagine you want to miss the end of the match. Gravekeeper against Gravedigger. This is historic.”
I rolled my eyes and scoffed. Historic? God, who was he kidding? 
“Did you just roll your eyes at me?”
Crap, he caught me. “No, I didn’t. I…”
His eyes blazed. “Yes, you did—I saw you. And let me tell you something, kid—nobody rolls their eyes at me.” 
Great. I just ticked off a maniac. 
A smile crawled into the corners of his mouth. He threw his head back and laughed. “I’m just teasing you, kid. What’s your name?” 
“Shouldn’t I be asking you that?” 
He stuck out a calloused hand. “Name’s Chuck. Bambi’s letting me crash here for a couple of days. You must be her daughter?” He sat back down, eyes darting to the TV screen. 
“I’m nobody’s daughter.” I got to my feet. As I passed him, I saw the top of a giant scar sticking out of his shirt. It looked like a knife wound except wider, deeper. More like the blade of a humongous machete.
“Got a name, nobody?”
“Nope.” I shut the door to my room a little harder than necessary. A stack of books and papers slid off my dresser. I stood there leaning against the door, gazing at the heaping pile of clothes covering the floor, makeup and hairspray crowding the top of my night stand, shelves spilling over with clutter. I took a deep breath, even though my room was stuffed full—there was something missing—a gaping abyss that swirled inside of me. A bottomless, black void in my soul that was my mother, someone I’d never know. Never turn to for support in times of trouble. A life cut short. 
Somewhere in the night, police sirens wailed, sawing along my nerves. Maybe they were coming for the guy on the couch. Funny how none of Bambi’s other boyfriends ever cared enough to ask me my name. 
Maybe I should have told him. 
I climbed into bed and stared at stars stuck to the ceiling. Decorations from some other kid Bambi had before me. I traced the little dipper with my eyes, wondering what it would be like to be in space—far away from everything. Where even gravity couldn’t reach me. 

Morning brought spots of sunshine and chilly gusts of wind pressing against the battered trailer. Cold bursts of air invaded every open seam, crack, or warped windowsill. They ghosted along the floor, freezing my feet as I climbed out of bed. I dressed quickly, grabbed my books, and headed into the bathroom on my way out. The toilet seat was up…great. Chuckles or Scar or whoever was still here. Not sure what I'd expected. It wasn’t like he had just vanished as I’d hoped. Most of Bambi’s boyfriends stayed at least a week—until they couldn’t take it anymore. 
Bambi had a bad habit of sleeping with guys and feeling guilty about it later. Before they were out of bed, she’d start preaching about sinning. None of them ever stayed long. Some would even leave while she was in the shower or asleep. But trying to sneak away from Bambi was like running from a blood hound. She had a knack for finding people who didn’t want to be found. Still, no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t convince them to come back.
A heavy fog of perfume and cigarette smoke polluted the air in the hallway. I plugged my nose and made my escape into the kitchen. Hopefully, the love birds would still be in bed. I opened the refrigerator, leaned in, and dug around the back and pulled out a can of cola hidden behind a box of baking soda. The refrigerator sighed as I closed it. 
“You’re up early.” 
I spun around. Chuck stood behind me, shirtless and barefoot in jeans. 
“So are you,” I snapped, a bit more snide than I'd planned.
“Grab me a beer, if you don’t mind.”
“Help yourself.”
“Please?” 
I pulled open the refrigerator again, reached inside, and handed him an icy bottle of Miller Lite. The frosty cold bit into my skin, numbing my hand. I rubbed my palm against my jeans until feeling returned. 
Chuck popped off the lid using the side of the table and poured the beer down his throat. He wiped his mouth with a forearm and then slouched into a chair across from me. 
My stomach churned. Beer for breakfast—gross. He winked at me and grabbed a cigarette from a pack on the kitchen table, one of Bambi’s generic smokes, and lit it with a diamond-studded lighter. 
Circling his neck was a strange-looking cross made with three heavy bars across it. I’d seen that cross before, but where? My gaze trailed the gigantic scar that ran from his neck across his toned chest. Under the pale kitchen light his tanned skin looked almost mahogany. He smiled when he saw me looking at his scar. “What’s the matter, kid, haven’t you ever seen Frankenstein? Gotta put us back together somehow. At least I don’t have bolts on my neck—not yet anyway.” He took a long drag of his cigarette and let the smoke roll out of his nose while holding his arms out zombie-like. “Got a pin in my knee, though. Does that count?” 
A smile tugged at the corners of my mouth. For some weird reason I kinda liked him. He seemed so friendly even though he looked scary. I was invisible to Bambi’s other boyfriends. They treated me like something in their way, like a coffee table that skinned your shin or a rolled up rug that tripped you. But this guy seemed different somehow. More accepting. Tolerant. Not that it mattered. He’d be gone in a day or two and I’d have the house all to myself again. Bambi never stayed home in the evenings, always on the prowl. Which made perfect sense—a lot of cold-blooded creatures hunt at night. 
I slid my books into my backpack and headed out. “Gotta run.” 
“See ya around, kid. Take care of yourself and have a good day.”
Somehow those words stopped me. No one had ever wished me a good day. It was like something a father would say. For a moment I allowed myself to wish I had a father to care about me having a good day. I shook the thought off. No point in wishing. My backpack felt extra heavy as I reached for the doorknob.
“Wait,” he said. “Aren’t you gonna tell me your name?”
“Look, I don’t even know you and…” 
“Why not? Everyone’s got one, right? Hmm…let me guess. Is it Hilda? Roz? Gertrude? Twinkle Toes?” 
Like a total idiot, I burst out laughing.
“Come on, kid, tell me!”
Before I could answer, I caught a glimpse of Bambi watching me from the hallway, hands on shapely hips. She swaggered into the kitchen, her fuzzy bathrobe barely covering her enormous breasts, her spray-tanned legs gleaming. She glared at me, then at Chuck.
“What’s so funny?”
I didn’t know what to say. 
Bambi cut her eyes at me. “Better get going or you’re gonna be late.” She waltzed over to Chuck and wrapped her arms around his neck, glaring at me as I left. 

The day dragged on forever and after work at the theater I missed the bus. I pulled out my cell phone and called home. No one answered. I tried again and on the last ring I heard Chuck’s voice.
“'Ello?”
“Uh, hi, is Bambi there?”
“Who’s this?”
“Natasha.”
“AH-HA—gotcha! Now I know your name!”
“Whatever—is she there, or not?”
Bambi grabbed the phone, her voice curt and annoyed. I told her how I had worked late and missed the bus. She told me it was my own fault and I could make my own way home. “It’ll teach you a lesson, Missy. A good walk won’t kill you. Jesus walked everywhere his whole life.” She slammed the phone down.
God forbid I should interrupt her precious time with what’s his name. I should have known better than to call her in the first place. She couldn’t have cared less—no surprise there. It really didn’t matter anyhow; I could find my way around the city. My habit of walking the streets at night started when I first got out of the group home. After being so cramped, having to struggle and fight for every inch of space, I cherished the empty streets. Seattle felt like it was all mine to explore and to a girl who had nothing, suddenly a whole city belonged to me—only me.
Tonight was somehow different; I didn’t feel the same excitement. My stomach clenched tight. Every nerve stood on edge. I picked up my pace, the soles of my boots pounded against the pavement harder than usual. I crossed the street and hurried down the dark sidewalk. I couldn’t see well; this street didn’t have lights and the waning moon gave hardly enough light to walk by.
Fog rolled in, thick and suffocating. From my right came the high-pitched yowl of stray cats fighting in an alleyway. It sounded like they were tearing each other apart. I paused, peering into the darkness—yellow eyes glowed back at me. 
I braced my shoulders, head down, walking faster. Behind me footsteps echoed, I whipped around…nothing. An eerie silence hung in the air, yet there was no one. I started walking again. Footsteps thudded behind me—bearing down on me. My heart punched into my rib cage. The air seemed to thicken, forming a prison to capture me. I strained to see into the haze, convinced someone or something was chasing me. I froze, my legs turning to jelly. The footsteps sounded again. This time more urgent. Trembling inside, I whirled around. A light appeared down the street, approaching fast. Maybe it was a taxi and I could hitch a ride. The outline of a motorcycle broke through the mist. Chuck pulled up beside me. 
“Hop on, kid.” 
A couple emerged out of the fog, wearing track suits. They jogged past us, feet slapping against the pavement. 
I suddenly felt stupid for being so afraid. 
I crossed my arms. “Why did you come? I could have made my own way home.” 
He shrugged. “Bambi told me where you worked. It can be a dangerous place at night. Thought you might like a lift.”
“Well you thought wrong, I can make my own way.”
He frowned and spiked an eyebrow. “Really? You sure?”
I looked away and nodded, wrapping my arms around myself, shivering in the moist spring evening.
“I should leave you here for being such a brat, but I can’t do that. Not with a clear conscience.” 
“Oh really, and why is that?” 
“Because you remind me of my daughter. Bambi told me how you love to wander the streets at night. A real Moonflower.”
“A what?”
“A Moonflower. You bloom at night—and that’s dangerous. Lots of creeps are out this time of the evening.” 
“Yes, I see that.” I glared at him. 
He threw back his head, laughed, and then revved the bike’s motor. “Since you don’t need a ride, I guess I’ll be seeing you.”
I thought about it for a moment. I really did want to get home and I didn’t feel like walking. “Wait,” I said, stalling. “You have a daughter? Seriously? You don’t really look like the dad type.” 
The sudden hurt in his eyes surprised me. My heart sank. I shouldn’t have teased him. “How old is she?” I asked, my voice soft.
“She’d be about your age now. Like I said, she’s strong and defiant like you.”
My curiosity got the best of me. “Where does she live?” 
Lines deepened around his eyes. “Don’t know. Haven’t seen her in a while. She was living in Europe the last I knew.” He patted the backseat of his bike. “Come on. Let’s get out of here.” 
I climbed on and Chuck took off fast, as if trying to outrun something. Maybe he was running from the pain of losing his daughter, or maybe he was just running from himself. We weren’t wearing helmets—and I loved the freedom of it, the feel of the wind blowing through my hair. We were probably breaking some kind of law—but I didn’t care. I was free. A different being. A sparrow discovering its wings, gliding along in the cool currents of wind. 
I pictured Chuck’s daughter, sitting near an empty window, searching endlessly for the father she once knew. I wondered what it would be like to have a dad who loved you, who missed you, who kept you safe from boys and taught you how to dance by letting you stand on the tops of his feet. 

Over the next few months, Chuck taught me how to pick seafood fresh from the market and how to make his famous stuffed peppers heaped with spicy meats and gooey cheese. He took Bambi and I to the movies and to the beach at night to teach us about the stars. After I told him that I'd been born in Russia, he read Chekhov and Tolstoy to me at night and told me stories of all the Eastern European countries he’d been to while serving in the military. I loved learning about Russia, about the culture and the people. 
Even though Russia fascinated me, it also haunted me. My father was a murderer. Was he alive and rotting away in a prison somewhere? Was he dead? Would I ever know why he killed my mother? I hated that I’d never know who she was or what her dreams were. And I hated the selfish act that took her away from me even worse. I frowned. People have reasons to commit murder. What was his motive? 
“Just because you’re through with your past doesn’t always mean your past is through with you,” Chuck had said one night, a faraway look in his eyes. He’d taken off the pair of half moon glasses he wore when he read to me, folded them, and slipped them into the front pocket of his flannel shirt. Moisture glistened in the corners of his dark eyes. He clutched a leather-bound copy of Dostyevski he’d bought that afternoon at a used bookstore downtown. He pressed it against his chest like a bandage over his heart. 
Chuck never liked me asking about his past or his daughter. If I asked him too many questions, he’d grow quiet and find an excuse to leave—go for a pack of cigarettes, milk, or beer—anything to get away. To escape memories that pained him. I didn’t like it when he left. I worried he wouldn’t be back. I counted on him now, needed him, and that made me uneasy. I had never needed anyone before. 
Every day after work without fail, Chuck would be there to pick me up. I never asked him to, he just came. I learned I could count on him, and he never disappointed me. One night, we stopped for ice cream at a small café. Perched on bright red stools with big metal bottoms that looked a lot like mushrooms, Chuck told me about how he was still married, how he’d never bothered to get a divorce, how hard Bambi was to live with but that he loved us and wanted to make things work. It was the most he’d ever shared with me and it welded a solid bond between us. 
We talked about everything in that small diner. Between scoops of chocolate and hot fudge, I told him about my father being a murderer, how he had killed my mother—something I never told anyone. He shrugged as if killing was as natural as brushing your teeth. Maybe his military background had hardened him, or other things I didn’t know about in his past, but either way—I could tell him anything and it made me feel safe.
“Natasha,” he said. “There are a lot of things you don’t know about me. I know it’s hard to take advice from someone you’ve only met a short while ago, but we all have talents. You have a tremendous artistic ability. I want you to foster it, protect it like gold. It will save your life one day.”
I frowned, swallowing a bite of vanilla ice cream. “Save my life? That sounds a bit dramatic. What do you mean?”
“Not everyone is so blessed. Most people end up working in some dead-end job because they have no gifts—no special abilities.” He reached across the table and squeezed my hand. “What you have, kiddo, is very unique. It's important that you don’t waste it, keep practicing. Hone your skills until they're perfect.” His eyes held mine, his expression dark and serious. “I want you to promise me something.”
“What?”
Chuck’s jaw tightened. “I want you to promise me to practice everyday without fail. I have money set aside if you need supplies or whatever. Every spare second you have, I want a paintbrush in your hand. Okay?” 
“Uh…okay.”
Why was Chuck suddenly so concerned about my art? In fact, he looked almost worried. Maybe he figured out how unstable Bambi was and wanted to make sure I had a good career ahead of me. I hoped he knew that art wasn’t exactly a steady stream of income. I’d read enough about suffering, starving artists in history class—it didn’t look pretty. I’d have to keep my day job if I wanted to survive. I thought about all the wonderful things Chuck had said to me about my artwork and I knew he was right. If I wanted to be the best, I’d have to practice. 

For a while, we lived like a real family. We were happy. Bambi started cooking to prove she could be a good wife to Chuck someday—even though he was already married. We’d have meals of honey ham with bits of cloves pushed neatly into the top, mashed potatoes, crescent rolls. She’d make endless casseroles and green bean salads. Bambi even appeared more stable and for the first time, she seemed truly happy. 
Then one day the rains came. An endless downpour that washed over the trailer park, mud sliding down from the grimy hills behind us, turning everything into sludge. Rivers crested, spilling over banks lined with sand bags. Bambi hated rain; it depressed her, frightened her, changed her somehow. She seemed distant, torn in different directions. She would sit on the front porch, smoking and staring into the mist as if in a trance. She talked constantly of how she grew up in southern California. How she missed the sunshine, the beaches, the towering palms, the Sweetgums and pepper trees. 
“My mother was a real neat freak. Prone to fits of rage.” Bambi squinted at the stormy sky. “One time, when it was raining like it is now, my little brother Sam and I made mud pies. We used these cute little bread pans, topped each one with Milk Weed pods, grass, and Willow leaves.” Bambi smiled. “We had so much fun.” The smile dropped from her face. “But then we tracked the mess into the house and my mother went nuts, beat us nearly blind.” Bambi paused, swallowed hard. “She ended up killing my brother—blunt trauma to the head is what they called it.” Bambi took a long drag of her cigarette. Her eyes crinkled against the smoke. “My mother went into my bedroom that night, tears just rolling down her face, told me how sorry she was for what she’d done. She put up a plastic sheet near my bed, stuck a gun in her mouth, and blew her brains out.” Bambi shook her head. “The blood splatter ruined my best nightgown. Guess she wasn’t as tidy as she thought she was.” 
I stood there, mouth open, my feet cemented to the floor. I suddenly felt horrible for every evil thought I'd had about her. No wonder she was unstable. Who wouldn’t be? 
Bambi stuck her hand out, letting the rain dance across her fingertips. Her voice dropped to a whisper. She turned to face me, her eyes cold and empty. “Everything worked out okay in the end. My mother is rotting in Hell for what she did. God’s justice.” 
The rain kept coming, not letting up for days on end. Bambi started drinking again, muttering to herself about mud pies and other things I couldn’t understand. Chuck and Bambi fought constantly. He would grab his jacket, storm off, tell her she was crazy, that it was over. She’d cry and chase after him, saying she was sorry, call him on his cell phone, leave hateful messages when he didn’t answer and then call again and beg him to come home. Bambi would stumble around drunk and in tears until he finally arrived, then she’d sleep for days on end. Soon as she woke up, though, it would start all over again. 
Bambi knew Chuck would never marry her unless she quit drinking and gambling—but I knew she’d never change. It was like asking a canary to never sing, or a fish to never swim again. It just wasn’t in her nature. 
I often wondered why Chuck stayed when others fled from Bambi so quickly. Why he gave up his freedom to be with her. Why he kept coming back. “Some things are worth the sacrifice,” he said. “Been a long time since I had a family of my own. I’m older now, more settled than I once was. I look forward to kicking back and watching you grow up. You’re a smart girl. I want to watch you return to Russia someday. Find your roots. Maybe you’ll even get married and become a famous artist. I’d like to be at your side when you do.” His voice dropped. “I know I’ll never have the chance with my own daughter—her mother would never allow it.”
I looked deep into his eyes wanting every word he spoke to be true. “Are you sure you can put up with Bambi that long?” 
He put his arms behind his head and leaned back in his chair. “No matter how bad things are, sometimes it’s worth sticking it out.” 

Summer finally arrived and with it came the last day of school. The rains had stopped, replaced by sunshine gleaming off the soupy puddles left behind. The air turned warm and moist and smelled of fresh-washed earth. I walked everywhere now. I loved to watch dragonflies buzzing like miniature helicopters in the air, skiing across drying mud puddles and the birds weaving nests out of dried grass and thistle seeds. There was so much life along the streets that took me to and from home. As much as I loved walking in the cool summer evening, I always waited for Chuck to pick me up from work. We’d make a quick trip to the library, or sometimes we’d stop at the art store where he would buy me art books and painting supplies. 
One evening we came home later than usual and I found Bambi waiting for me on the front porch, pacing, smoking one cigarette after another. She grabbed me by the arm. “We need to talk, Missy!” She pushed me inside and into her bedroom. She shut the door behind us and planted her hands on her hips. “Don’t think I don’t know what you’re up to.”
“What do you mean?” I said. 
“You know what I mean. I’ve seen the way you and him carry on. Chuck this and Chuck that…makes me sick. I’ve decided I’m taking you back to the group home so whatever you two have been scheming—it’s over now.” 
I stared at her, the pupils of her eyes like tiny pinpricks, her long, fake lashes clotted with mascara. How could she do this? I hadn’t done anything wrong. I’d only wanted a father and suddenly, for the first time in my life, I’d gotten one. She’d never been a mother to me. She’d never even tried. I was a paycheck to her. Nothing more. How could she?
I started to speak, but she held up her hand. 
“Save it, Missy. I don’t want to hear anything you got to say.” Her eyes clawed at me like talons. “You think I’m dumb—don’t you?”
I shook my head, tears blurring my vision.
“You think I didn’t see what you two were doing behind my back?”
I sat, feeling like I’d been punched in the gut, lungs struggling to expand in the airless room. She was kicking me out for nothing. My mind raced, I tried to think of an explanation, an excuse—any reason to change her mind.
“He’s been like a father to me. Something I’ve never had,” I said, my voice breaking.
Bambi turned her back on me and shrugged. “I had a father once—take it from me, they’re overrated.” 
I was spiraling down a dark ravine. I had never given her an ounce of trouble since I came to live with her five years ago. I did what I wanted and so did she. We had an understanding. Every month I’d report to my caseworker that everything was great and Bambi would get a check. It wasn’t fair. I’d done nothing wrong with Chuck.
“What about Jesus?” I said, cutting her with my words. “What would he think of your jealousy? Your evil thoughts?” I scrambled for a foothold. “You’re acting crazy. I don’t know what you’ve dreamed up in your head—but you’re wrong.”
Bambi’s shoulders stiffened like I’d shot in her in the back.
She whirled around. “That’s enough!” Bambi snubbed out her cigarette in an ashtray and slipped another into her mouth. Her lips pressed hard around it as she lit it, hands shaking. 
I had to think of something, and fast. I couldn’t let her send me away. Then it came to me, like a serpent coiled in the grass—I struck. “He’s going to be mad at you.” I glanced at my fingernails and struck again. “I hope you know that. He already lost his real daughter, now he’ll lose me, too, and you know I’m the only reason he sticks around.”
Bambi flinched, clenching her teeth. She glared at me, holding her cigarette and biting her lower lip. She knew it was the truth. Without me, Chuck would be gone like all the others. She needed me. For the first time in my life, I felt powerful. The kid at the top of the snow hill, the bully on the playground, the one who made the rules. 
Bambi took a long drag from her cigarette, pulled it from her mouth, exhaling slowly as her eyes snipped into mine. She leaned in close, pointed at me with her blazing cigarette. “You swear you’re not interested in him?” 
I nodded and held up my hand. “Scouts honor.”


Click here to learn more about Moonflower!











Hurrying down the dirt road, I was barely aware of the large school bus pulling away behind me. I grasped my books to my chest and skipped along the road, kicking up dust and whistling the little tune my best friend, Jen, had taught me on the playground. It wasn’t usual for me to be so happy going home. I really preferred being at school. At school, no one told you that Satan lurked around every corner, ready to snatch you into the pits of Hell if you made a bad choice, if you weren’t on your guard. I didn’t want to go to Hell, but I did wish my momma would tell me stories that didn’t terrify me every once in a while. Today was different, though. Today was my ninth birthday, my best friend had given me the prettiest gift in the whole world, and I couldn’t wait to show it to my momma. 
I made it the half mile down the dirt road to my house in no time at all. Soon, I was pushing through the old screen door that hung precariously on my front porch, not paying any mind to the rusty screech of the hinge that would normally set my heart racing and cause my palms to sweat. The sound always reminded me that I was home, and I never really wanted to be there.
“Momma?” Sitting my books on the small table near the front door, I kept moving through the house. I knew my momma was probably doing dishes, or maybe in the middle of her midday prayers. Walking past our small dining table, I heard the slosh of sink water coming from the kitchen. Thank goodness, she wasn’t in prayer. I was just about burstin’ with the need to show someone what I got.  “Momma, wait ‘til you see what Jen got me for my birthday.” I had my hand halfway out of my pocket and a huge grin on my face before I realized my dad was sitting at the small kitchen table, pluckin’ the last few feathers from a freshly butchered chicken. I quickly shoved my hand back in my pocket. 
“Elizabeth, it isn’t proper for you to be tearin’ through the house like a wild child. Where are your manners?” My mom wiped her hands off on the hem of her apron and placed her hands on her hips. She wore a simple white blouse—spotless, of course. Her long, khaki skirt hit her ankles and made her look even shorter than she was. Her eyes were a deep blue, just like mine. But where mine always sparkled with mischief and a wonder for the world around me, needing to experience everything with an open heart, hers seemed shuttered and wary of everyone and everything. I glanced down at my own ankle-length skirt and swallowed.
“Sorry, Momma. It won’t happen again,” I said softly. She sighed and turned back to the sink.
“See that it doesn’t,” she said over her shoulder. 
“Yes ma’am,” I answered quickly. Sucking in a breath, I turned to flee the kitchen to the sanctuary of my room when my dad’s voice stopped me short. 
“Were you going to show your ma what you got for your birthday?” 
His voice was quiet and rough, but it still caused the hairs on the back of my neck to stand on end. When I turned around, his eyes were still trained on his task and I fidgeted, unable to come up with an excuse to not show my one and only birthday gift to my mom. 
“It’s not that big of a deal.” I shrugged and glanced over at the back of my mom’s head, willing her to turn around. For once, I wanted her to seem interested in me as a person, to just act like she was interested in the things that made me happy. But, as usual, she just kept her mouth shut and acted like she wasn’t even in the room. 
“If it’s not that big of a deal, then show us what you got,” my dad said tightly.
 He had finished pluckin’, and his hazel eyes were locked on my face. I relaxed my fist and tried to smooth my face out and unclench my jaw. I knew from experience that if my dad thought I was guilty of the sin of evil thoughts, disrespecting my parents, or even doubt… well, it wouldn’t be good. My finger caressed my precious gift in my pocket, and I felt tears prickle at the corners of my eyes. I took a deep breath, willing away my tears, and held my hand out for my dad to see. 
He stood up, came over to stand in front of me, and reached his hand out. It took every ounce of restraint I had not to snatch mine back and run for my room, but instead, I stood there as my dad lifted my precious gift out of my hand with his dirty fingers. The jingle of about a dozen small charms echoed in the room.  The bracelet was beautiful. It had been strung on a pretty blue silk cord and had iridescent crystal beads and tiny silver stars dangling from it. There was also a small cross, a little guitar, a music note, and a shooting star among the charms. Jen had said both of our bracelets should have the shooting stars so we would always remember that all our wishes would come true someday. 
After a few moments, my dad finally spoke. “Who gave this to you?”
“Jen,” I said softly. “My friend from school.”
“Of course you didn’t plan on keeping such a thing, right?” His voice was very low, and he dangled the bracelet in front of my face. My heart was beating so fast I could hear its pounding in my ears, even feel its pulsing rhythm at my temple. 
“No, sir,” I answered, just like I knew I had to.
“Why mustn’t you keep this gift, Elizabeth?” he asked, expectantly. 
My heart thudded once so hard in my chest that I thought my dad must have heard it from where he stood. 
“Because the outward adorning of a woman’s body is sinful. Because the obtaining of earthly possessions is ungodly. And sinfulness and ungodliness are what the devil uses to pave the road to Hell,” I recited. 
My dad’s mouth turned up in a smile, and he tightened his fist around my present. “That’s right. I want you to put this into a box and write a letter to your friend tonight telling her exactly why you cannot accept this gift. Tell her exactly what you told me. I’ll read the letter in the morning before you leave for school.” 
I nodded and reached out my hand. My dad shook his head, his eyes glinting dangerously. My hand fell to my side, and I bowed my head in the submission my father was so fond of. 
“This will teach you an important lesson, and maybe your friend will learn a much-needed lesson as well. When you are done with your homework, I expect an hour of Bible reading and I will have a verse for you about vanity to copy a hundred times after that.” 
My shoulders slumped, and I felt a moment of defeat. 
“Now kneel, Beth, so you can receive your punishment for your ungodly desire to obtain earthly possessions,” my father demanded.
 My knees hit the floor without hesitation, and I held out both of my arms with the palms up. I’d learned long ago that to fight or to hesitate in kneeling under my dad’s orders would result not only in sore palms, but also in in sore thighs. I was smart enough to take the lesser of the two punishments. The crack of the yardstick striking my palms drowned out everything around me and banished all my thoughts… all my thoughts but one. My father wanted me to learn a lesson. 
I did learn a lesson that day… just not the one my dad had intended. Something happened, something I wasn’t expecting. Something shifted and changed deep within me as I knelt there with what I wanted most in the world just outside of my grasp. I realized I wouldn’t always be a child. I wouldn’t always be told what to think and what to believe. Watching the light in the kitchen glint off the shooting star hanging from the bracelet, I made a promise instead of a wish. I promised myself that exactly nine years from that day, I would walk out of that house and never come back. 
And that was exactly what I did. 


I’d spent the past six months in Texas, and that was a record. Before that, I’d been in Jackson, Mississippi for a little over three months. Before Jackson, I’d waited tables at a little café and stayed in a tiny kitchenette down in Thonotosassa, Florida for four months. It didn’t usually take me long to get an itch to move on; I wanted to see new places and to try new things. I’d waited tables, delivered newspapers, dealt cards, worked in a bakery, detailed cars, did nanny work, and a few other miscellaneous things in over twelve different cities and eight different states. My next stop was going to be California. I already had a great little waitressing job lined up; thanks to a friend I’d met in Raleigh.  
It was with great relief that I whipped my beat-up, ‘56 Ford pickup into a parking spot in front the first convenience store I’d seen in over fifty miles. I knew I was somewhere in south New Mexico, but I couldn’t have told you the name of the town. They were all starting to run together after over eighteen hours on the road. The Dixie Chicks were blaring “Wide Open Spaces” from my radio just before I cut the engine and secured my windblown hair up into a knot on my head with a ponytail holder. I was glad to get out and stretch my legs. I sure could use a hot shower and some shut-eye, I thought wistfully. 
Heading towards the front door of the little store, I decided at the last second to grab my cell phone out of my glove box. I wasn’t even sure when I’d last turned it on. I’d gotten into the habit of only checking it once a week for messages. I didn’t usually get many calls, and that was exactly how I preferred it. No strings, no attachments, no drama, and best of all, no calls from my mother on a daily basis. 
I flipped open my cell and powered it on as I stepped into a wave of amazingly ice-cold AC. For a second, I closed my eyes and relished the cool air… My pickup truck was my baby, but it didn’t have a working AC, something I usually missed in the dead of summer. A dark-skinned, older woman behind the counter smiled warmly at me as I started up the junk food aisle. Nodding to her, I began hunting for some goodies. I grabbed a pack of cinnamon gum, a box of nutter butters, a few moon pies, and a glass bottle of frosty, cold soda pop before making my way back to the front of the store. The first message on my voice mail began playing. 
“Elizabeth, I don’t know why you have a cell phone if you only turn it on once a week, and not even on the Lord’s Day. You are living like a heathen, and your father and I raised you better than…” 
I deleted the message with a roll of my eyes. No matter how old I was and how many times we’d had this conversation, my mother would never get it. Never. I’d gotten to the place where I’d just call her once a month to tell her I was okay and to listen to my thirty-minute sermon. My dad didn’t even bother. I was very thankful for that. 
I cradled my cell phone between my shoulder and my ear as I placed everything on the counter for the lady at the register with the nametag “Bea” to ring up.
“Sure is hot out today,” Bea said. 
I smiled and nodded, wondering how many customers poor Bea got out here in the middle of nowhere. Couldn’t have been all that many. 
“Ain’t that the truth,” I answered. 
I listened to a few different calls from people I’d met here and there over the last few months of traveling. I smiled, hearing a particularly good-looking guy named Trenton, that I’d met in Jackson, beg me to come back and make an honest man out of him. I knew he was full of it, but I was glad people missed me when I left and would remember me fondly. The next call knocked the grin right off my face.
“Beth? Please call me. I need you right now.” A lump formed in my throat. My best friend, Jen’s, voice was quiet, but I could hear the unmistakable sound of tears and anguish in her words. Something was wrong. A knot twisted in my stomach at the thought.
“That will be $6.45.” 
I reached into my pocket with a shaking hand and pulled out a ten-dollar bill as the next message began playing. Without waiting for any change, I scooped up my things and made a beeline for my truck. 
With my goodies forgotten on the seat beside me, I listened to several more messages from my childhood best friend in growing horror. Her mom had died in her sleep after a long battle with cancer that she’d been fighting since we were teens. I swallowed back the tears forming in my throat and took a deep breath. Her mom had died and here I was on another joy ride, headed to California. Even worse—the messages were a few days old. I put my truck into reverse and took off back in the direction I’d come from, punching Jen’s number into my phone as I went. California could wait. I was headed to my hole-in-the-road hometown that I had hoped to never see again… Salem, Missouri.    


When I pulled into the Piggly Wiggly right outside of town, a moment of pure, gut-wrenching panic seized me. I wished with all my might I could hightail it right back in the direction I’d just blown in from. The only thing that kept me from doing exactly that was the thought that my best friend was only a few minutes up the road and had probably just come from her momma’s graveside. As soon as I’d heard Jen’s messages, I’d driven over thirteen straight hours to try and make it in time for the funeral. Unfortunately, between traffic jams and a flat tire, I was pulling into town three hours too late. Just in time to hopefully miss the post-funeral visitation at her house. I didn’t even have time to get ready. So, here I was, stopping at a local store to grab some flowers and change in the bathroom before heading back to the home I wished had been my own since I was a little girl.
I took a deep breath, grabbed my huge, army green backpack, and headed into the Piggly Wiggly. Inside the bathroom, I slipped out of my blue jeans and white tee shirt and wiggled into a capped-sleeved, black lace dress that came to my knees, pulled on a white cardigan, slapped on some lip gloss and light perfume, and pulled my messy hair up into a bun on the back of my head. I glanced down at my black cowboy boots and shrugged. It was the best I could do under the circumstances. The only other shoes I had with me were a beat-up pair of brown leather cowboy boots and an even more pathetic-looking pair of flip-flops. 
I shoved all my crap into my backpack and went in search of some flowers. I was sorely disappointed in the Piggly Wiggly floral department. I snorted. Department was a little generous to describe anything in the Piggly Wiggly. The store had literally a little of anything you could think of, but not too much of any one thing in particular. I wasn’t sure how it was still open after all these years. I peeked back down at the “floral department,” with its one black bucket filled with water and exactly three bouquets of flowers and sighed. I guessed the generic mixed bouquet for five bucks would have to do.  
I was juggling the flowers with my keys dangling from my mouth and digging through my massive backpack to find my wallet when I heard a whistle come from behind me. Startled, I spun around, dropping my keys and backpack in the process. 
“Beth Michaels? Is that you?” 
I cringed at the sound of my name on the lips of the very last guy I wanted to run into in the entire world. I plastered a smile on my face and met the gaze of one of the sexiest farm boys I’d ever met. He was also one of the most egotistical jackasses I had ever met as well. His eyes traveled up and down my body, lingering on all of my assets. I narrowed my eyes at him. 
“I’d recognize those legs just about anywhere. Where you been all these years, sweetheart?” He smiled a lopsided grin that had worked on many unsuspecting young virgins throughout high school. Probably still did. He’d tried to use his sweet southern twang on me back when I was only sixteen. Luckily, I was smart enough, even back then, not to let him get what he was after. And then, when I’d denied him, he’d made my life a living hell, telling everyone in school I was a whore who’d begged him to “take me” in the boys’ locker room. 
“I doubt it’s any of your damn business where I’ve been, Beau Montgomery.” I crossed my arms over my chest and raised my chin. “Looks like your muscles have gotten even bigger, but I wonder if that has played a direct role in your rapidly diminishing brain cells.” I tsked. 
Beau charged in my direction, his eyes glinting with more rage than I remembered. I backed up quickly until my back hit a grocery shelf behind me, scattering packs of crackers to the floor. I gulped and cursed my smart-aleck mouth. Clearly, I hadn’t learned anything in the four years I’d been gone after high school. Beau wasn’t even a foot away from me when a smooth, masculine voice nearby cut off whatever he had been about to say or do. 
“Well, hello, Beau. I didn’t realize you were here with your pa.” My eyes slipped away from Beau’s bloodshot, angry gaze, landing on a man I’d never seen before. A pair of beautiful, honey-colored eyes were riveted on the scene before him, his body poised slightly as if he meant to jump in and physically remove Beau if he had to. I flicked my eyes over his nice slacks, dress shirt, and tie, wondering idly who he was. He noticed my gaze and nodded slightly in my direction, without taking his eyes off of Beau. “Ma’am.” His southern accent was a bit of a surprise. “I think your pa was looking for ya, Beau. You probably shouldn’t keep him waiting,” he said quietly, with a hint of steel threaded in his words. He sounded like someone who commanded respect and, surprise, surprise, Beau backed away a few feet before acknowledging the stranger.  
“You might not want to stand too close to her, Rev. I’m pretty sure the sins of a whore could even make someone like you run for the hills.” His words landed like a physical blow, and I felt the blood drain from my face. The nasty way he laughed as he turned on his heel and left told me he also knew exactly how his words affected me. 
“You okay, ma’am?” 
A soft voice filled with concern broke through my moment of self-pity and I slowly opened my eyes, unaware that I had even shut them. When I looked up, I found myself blown away by the kindness in the man’s gaze. Nodding my head, I bent down to pick up the things I’d dropped. I hoped the guy didn’t notice the fine tremor that shook my hands. I was on the verge of tears when he bent down to help me pick up my things, along with the cracker packs that were scattered everywhere. Here I was back in town for less than twenty minutes, and I’d already let the local, small-town bully make me feel like a piece of dirt all over again. I pushed back the tears that threatened and swallowed the curses that tingled my lips. 
As I took my keys from the mystery man’s hand and met his gaze only inches away from mine, I felt a shiver race down my spine. Wow. Up close, the guy was devastatingly handsome. His brown eyes, framed in thick lashes, were open and honest and his hair was just the right length and thickness. Images of running my hands through his sun-streaked locks bounced around my addled brain. As he stood, he grasped my arm gently, causing goose bumps to break out where his hand touched me. 
“Let me help you up.” He pulled me up with him and held out my slightly crushed flowers with a small, crooked smile. A sexy dimple appeared at the corner of his cheek, and I found myself smiling in return. 
“Thank you,” I said lamely. 
“No problem. Are you new in town?” he asked, as we made our way toward the cash register. 
“More like back in town after being gone for a couple years. My best friend’s mom died, and I came back to see her,” I answered.
“Ah, that would be Jennifer Collins. I’m sorry about her momma. She was a fine lady,” he said thoughtfully. I swallowed the tears that once again loomed.
“Yes, she was,” I replied softly. The cashier began ringing up my flowers in between not-so-subtle glances at the guy standing close by. 
“What about you?” I asked. “I know just about every single person in this town, and you are definitely not a local.” After paying the cashier, I began walking toward the front doors.  He held open a door for me, and I caught a whiff of his cologne. Very manly but also very expensive smelling. Delicious could also be used to describe the scent, but I discarded that thought immediately. Guys who lived in Salem were not my type—no matter how sexy and kind. And guys who wore suits had another strike against them. 
“I moved back here about two years ago, but my family has been in the area for years. A town over anyway,” he said as we walked over to my truck. He raised a brow and patted the hood of my truck. “Somehow I get the impression this old truck suits you,” he said, his voice dipping a timber, raising goose bumps on my arms. Dear lord a mercy, I had to get outta there. 
“Well, thank you… Rev? Is that short for Trevor or something?” I asked as I climbed in the cab of my truck. A low laugh came from “Rev” as he shut the door to my truck for me. 
“Something like that,” he answered cryptically, a huge grin splitting his face. I shrugged and started my truck up. 
“Okay, well, I’m off now. Hope you don’t have any more damsels in distress to save today.” I put the truck in reverse, and he backed up a step.
“I don’t mind so much, especially if they all were guaranteed to look as pretty as you,” he said with a wink. My mouth popped open in surprise.  Rev turned on his heel with a laugh and walked away. I shook my head, but I couldn’t stop from grinning like a fool at his cheesy line. Looks like some things had changed since I’d been gone. 
My good mood instantly evaporated once I turned down an old dirt road and parked in front of a familiar, country blue farmhouse twenty minutes later. I’d spent every moment of my childhood I possibly could in that house. A sharp pain shot through my chest as I sat there, peering at the two-story home through my windshield. Reluctantly, I pried my clammy hands from the steering wheel and walked up the pathway. A few people were leaving Jen’s house, still wearing their funeral garb. A couple of them began whispering as soon as I passed by, but I didn’t pay them any mind. My eyes were riveted on the door that still had a sign hanging on it that read: “Peace to all who enter, Welcome from our heart, Enjoy yourself within, God bless as you depart.” Tears filled my eyes as I lifted my hand to knock on the door. It swung open just as my knuckles grazed the wood, and I found myself standing face to face with the one and only person in the whole damn town that I’d truly missed every single day of the past four years. 


Jen stood in the doorway, her light brown hair done in a perfect French braid, wearing a black, knee-length, pencil skirt and a black, silk blouse. She stood stock-still, staring at me with red-rimmed eyes and a hand over her mouth. When she didn’t say anything, I began to wonder if I’d hurt her by being so late, for not being there for her when she needed me the most. I searched her face quickly, looking for any sign that she didn’t want me there, that she wanted me to leave.
“I’m so sorry, Jen. I feel like—well, like a real donkey’s behind.” Tears began to pool in my eyes, and I glanced down at my boots. They weren’t good enough. I should have stopped and bought new shoes. “I wish I had been here,” I whispered. “Maybe I should just go…” I heard a strangled sound just before Jen launched herself at me, throwing her arms around my neck. I hugged her to me, letting her sobs drown out the flood of my own tears. 
“I’m so glad you’re here, Beth,” she choked out. I closed my eyes and clung to the one and only friend I’d ever had growing up. She had been there for me through thick and thin, and I was going to be there for her when she needed me most. When we were both able to pull ourselves apart, I followed Jen into her house, which was finally empty of people bringing food over after the funeral. 
The house was almost exactly the same as I remembered it. The floors were original hardwood, there was a crocheted afghan thrown over the back of the country blue sofa, hand-knit doilies rested on the arms of the sofa and recliner, and an old-fashioned piano sat in the far corner of the room. The house still smelled of my best childhood memories: fresh-cut wildflowers and homemade banana bread. I could almost hear the sound of Mrs. Collins humming, “How Great Thou Art” coming from the kitchen. 
I swallowed and followed Jen into the kitchen, where she sat down heavily at the table. Everything about this room reminded me of Jen’s mom. The kitchen was light and airy with its white cabinets, huge window over the sink, and daisy-printed curtains with tiebacks. I used to love sitting at the little, white table, with its yellow gingham seat cushions, and watch Mrs. Collins knead a ball of dough out on a floured counter for fresh bread or cinnamon buns, humming hymns and making sure we were doing our homework. 
Jen’s table was laden down with every southern casserole dish imaginable, topped off with a few pies and some homemade peach cobbler. I wondered what people were thinking when they brought by so much food for one person. But one thing I knew to be true was that every southern-born lady believed the cure to just about any ailment or heartbreak was some old-fashioned, down-home cookin’. And it looked like they’d stocked Jen for at least a week of grieving. 
I started clearing off the table, unable to just sit and feel so utterly useless. Once everything was put away nice and tidy, I poured two tall glasses of sweet iced tea and served up two helpings of peach cobbler. Sitting a glass and plate in front of Jen, who still hadn’t said a thing since we’d been in the kitchen, I took mine to the opposite end of the table.
“You should eat, Jen,” I said softly. Her gaze met mine and then she glanced down at the cobbler and tea in front of her in confusion, as if she were wondering how they had gotten there.  
“I probably should,” she murmured. Her motions seemed mechanical as she grasped the fork in her fingers and cut into her cobbler. When she had taken a few bites, she sat her fork down and jumped up from her chair so abruptly that I jumped out of my own in concern. She had a panicked look on her face. Wisps of her hair that had come free of her French braid floated around her head as she looked around wildly, looking for something. “I need to find some boxes.” I looked up into her face, not understanding what she was saying—boxes? 
“What do you need boxes for?” I asked her as I came around the table. She didn’t seem to hear me as she turned and strode through the kitchen door. I followed close behind her as she made her way into the hallway and jerked open a closet door. “Jen, what do you need boxes for right now?”
“I need to go through my momma’s stuff. She’d want some of it donated to a woman’s shelter or something. She would have wanted it that way,” she said frantically as she started throwing hangers, pillows, and miscellaneous items out of the closet. I tried to wrap my brain around what she was saying. She wanted to go through her momma’s things on the day of her funeral? I put a hand on her shoulder. 
“Are you sure you want to do this right now? It can wait a few days at least.” She threw my hand off of her shoulder and began stomping through the house toward the back guest bedroom. 
“I need to do this now, Beth. If you ever loved me, you’ll help me find some boxes,” she hollered over her shoulder. I ran down the hall to catch up with her. She was on her hands and knees, looking through the guest bedroom closet. “No boxes. Why don’t we have any boxes? We have everything else in this house, but no boxes.” 
“Jen—you know I love you, but I don’t think this is a very good idea…” She was already out the door and moving onto another room before I could finish. I had never seen her like that before; she was always so calm, always so orderly. I’d never seen her so worked up over anything. She was entering her mom’s bedroom when I caught up with her.  “Surely, this can wait until later, Jen. You need some time…”
“I don’t have time, Beth!” She screamed the words, and I flinched. Jen never screamed. “Don’t you understand? Time is always running out. We think we have time, we think we have one more day, but tomorrow never comes for some of us.” Her voice broke, and she covered her mouth with her hand, her eyes wide. 
And just like that, the dam gave way, as if she had finally given herself permission to break down and really mourn her mother. As she let the cloak of strength she’d been carrying around for several days slip away from her shoulders, she crumbled to the floor. I caught her in my arms at the foot of her mother’s bed, rocking her back and forth as she cried her heart out. Smoothing back her hair, I murmured how sorry I was, and sang softly to her as the afternoon wore into the evening hours. I cried along with her, my heart breaking for her and with her, and when we couldn’t cry any longer, we climbed into her momma’s bed, wrapped a hand-stitched quilt around us, and fell asleep wishing we’d had more time with one of the best women ever to grace this dusty, old planet.


Click here to learn more about Sweet Contradiction!





Subscribe now and never miss a release!  


